# File: Project Twilight.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


SCANNED BY OTHA!

For RPGsBOOKz & SCANS, the best rpg hub on
DC++

Surveillance, Awareness, Defense
— SAD motto

By Chris Howard


la fa

Credits

Written by: Chris Howard

Developed by: Bill Bridges

Editing: Laura Perkinson

Art Director: Chris McDonough

Cover Art: Cliff Nielson

Back Cover Art: Ash Arnett

Interior Art: Brian LeBlanc

Front and Back Cover Design: Chris McDonough

Typesetting & Layout: John E. Park

White Wolf, Inc. Execs

Mark Rein Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Owners
Stephan Wieck, President

Wes Harris, Vice President of Marketing
Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales

Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and
Design

Ken Cliffe, Director of Development and Editing
Benjamin T. Monk, Jr., Controller

Rebecca Schaefer, Warehouse Manager

Call (404) 292-1819

780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
SuiTe 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO
© 1995 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

Repreoduction without the written permission ofthe publisher
pt for the purpose of reviews
Project Twilight is a trademark of White Wolf, Inc. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf, Inc.

in expressly forbidden,

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Special Thanks

Mark "Joe Hollywood" Rein*Hagen for entering the
Spelling bee

Stewart "Flying without a net" Wieck for his modem
malfunction.

Stephen "Slow leak" Wieck for his chi exercises.

Ben "Dazed and confused" Monk Jr. for thinking the
right thoughts when he hears "Immigrant Song."
Louvie "As if she needed it" Locklear for her five cups

of coffee in the morning.

Sam "Cynthia" Chupp for how he loves to be taken to
the edge.

Staley "Killer Kids" Krause for her leisure reading.
Rob "Bitchslap" Hatch for what he did to Ian,

Erin "The long haul" Kelly for taking an awful long
time to move.

Michelle "I'm in charge here" Prahler for becoming the
queen of fiction island.

Mike "New tacklebox" Krause for keeping diapers
where he keeps his lures.

Kim Oh Soon "Leaning left" Shropshire for her
directions to get to her house

2 Proseet Twitieat

Laaids

Contents
Alley Tag 6

One SAD agent's confrontation with the supernatural

Introduction: In Defense of the Realm 12

Book One: At Midnight,
All the Agents...

This section is for both players and Storytellers

Chapter One: Whoever Hunts Monsters 16

Character creation for government agent characters

Chapter Two: FBI Special Affairs Department 28

Inside the nation's most active paraintelligen

Chapter Three: NSA 44

Inside the paraintelligence divisions of the

cy

nation's high-tech intelligence agency

Chapter Four: Other Agencies 50

Inside the CIA, the CDC and other government agencies.

Book Two: Secrets

This section is for the Storyteller only

Chapter Five: Storytelling 54
Secrets on all the world's paraintelligence agencies
Chapter Six: The St. Claire Contract na
A story for beginning SAD characters

Appendix: Junior G-Men 103
Read-to-play character templates

Character sheet

Contents


5:35 a.m.

"They're animals, lady. That's all.
animals. So a few of them die. Sit back and let them massacre

Dirty, worthless

each other, I say."

I'm standing in front of the charred skeleton of the
dock-side Magadon warehouse. The orange December sky
has gotten an early start on its daily task of dropping snow on

New York City
a whirl of white and sodium-vapor yellow. The policeman in

The crystals turn the street around us into

front of me is young, too young to be talking this way. I
ignore his editorial and brush past him, heading toward the
still-smoldering ruin.

‘Not worth making a damn federal case out of, anyway,"
he adds as a parting shot to my back

The firemen have cleared a path through the debris. I
etal slag that had once been the
frontdoor. There'sanother young cop inside, leaning against

walk across the glass-and.

a pillar of toppled cinderblock. He looks decidedly ill.
"Where's the body?" I say and flash my badge, wondering
if the man will be able to hold down his breakfast. Lips
pursed, the copnods his head toward a hall to my right. I turn
in that direction, gingerly picking my way through the
debris. The room at the end of the corridor is a whirlwind of
activity. The walls are still standing, but the floor is littered
with the charred remains of what had been the roof, and the

snow is coming down to cover everything.

"Over here, ‘Nessa."

Ie's Captain Bliley. I smile. He's a face from the past
from back when I was officer Vanessa Pratt of the New York
Police Department, not Agent Pratt, FBI. It's been two long
years since my forced conversion, but we still meet up about
every month or so

"This is a strange case. Right up your alley," he says,
steering me toward a cul-de-sac of steel girders. The heat
rising from the wreckage battles the cold wind from outside
Atthemoment, the heat seems to be winning. The snow hits
the metal with small explosions of steam.

"Really weird. We haven't approached the body yet
Someone uptown smelled bizarre all over the case and called
in the Feds. Damn Feds! Alwayssticking their noses in..." he
says with a wink. My words, only two years ago. His smile
turns leaden as we reach the body.

Ie's a young man in motorcycle leathers. He's maybe
twenty, Caucasian, long hair. The corpse has been mauled
savagely, as if by wild animals. His entrails are strewn out
around him in a gory mess, That's not the strange part,
though. Although the building looks like it's been hit by an
A-bomb blast, the body hasn't even been touched by the ire.
So what? Someone just dumped the body here after the fire
died down. Tricky job with the firemen there, but still.

I follow Bliley's gaze down to the floor. There's half an
inch of thick black soot covering everything. No footprints.
I try to resist the urge for a cigarette; I can already tell this is
going to be a 10-pack ¢:

Auer Tas


I'm at the Sixth Precinct Police Station, morgue file,
picking through three recent cases similar to this one. Three
other bikers, all members of the same gang, the Young
Bloods. All three were torn to shreds in the past week and
left in obvious places. Left asa warning? And ifso, to whom?
The police blotter on the gang could choke a horse. Petty
stuff mostly, some assault, narcotics, aggravated assault. A
few of the bikers had been jailed until someone (the files
don't say who) sprung them about two years ago. Since then,
they've been untouchable. Somewhere along the way they
got a line on some high-caliber legal talent. They were
migratory up until about nine monthsago, when they settled
down here in town. What can I make of that? I light up a
cigarette. It calms my nerves and I'm able to think more
clearly.

Surmising that they must've found work, I scan the
pages for a clue as to who hired them, but nothing pops out
at me. Magadon? No. Too legit. Obviously, they've managed
to get someone ticked off at them in the course of their
employment. Whoever it was doesn't seem to be too
concerned about their legal connections. The file tells me
they've settled in Devil's Town, one of the worst slums in the
city. A local hangout is mentioned — a bar called the Tire
Iron, Cute name. I'm not going without my gun.

God, I'ma thirty-nine year old woman. I'll be forty next
week. What am I doing going to a place like this? I think of
my ex, Fred, and my son Roy. They both took off a year ago.
Can't say I blame them. The old cliché about cops' spouses
proved true. Thirty-nine and divorced. This isn't exactly
what I had planned for my life.

I check in with central before I leave, just to let them
know what's happening. Back-up in the Special Affairs
Department is a joke, but at least if I'm killed they'll be able
to stick a pin in a map. Back-up's even less certain when
you're the only African-American woman in the department.
That bastard Fiske let me know in no uncertain terms that
I wasn't exactly welcome, even though he threatened to
destroy my life if refused to work for him. I guess they figured
that a cop who knows about the existence of vampires is a
threat to national security (whatever that is) if left on her
own, "Be careful," I'm told on the phone. Like I have a
choice?

10:40. a.m.

Crosstown traffic was worse than usual, but that'sno big
surprise. Devil's Town is about how I imagined it. The white
morning snow has already turned gray and slushy. Boarded-
up old industrial buildings stare at me through lifeless,
shuttered windows. The Tire Iron doesn't open until eleven
o'clock, so I wait across the street in my car. Eventually, the
bartender arrives and unlocks the front door. I'm on him
before he's all the way through.

"Excuse me," I say, flashing my badge.

"Yeah?" Hiseyesremind me of the surrounding windows.

"I have a few questions. Mind if I come in?" Ir's not
much warmer inside, but at least there's no wind. I get
straight to the point. "I'm looking for members of the Young
Bloods. I understand they hang out around here." The
bartender looks for a moment like someone's dropped a
bowling ball on his toe, but then his eyes regain their blank
stare.

"Never heard of them." No point in pushing. If the files
are accurate, they'll be pulling in here around five o'clock.
P'll be waiting for them.

12:30 p.m.

Thave nothing better to do with my time until five, so
Idecide to stake out the neighborhood. The area's not as bad
as I first thought. I's worse. Ae least it stopped snowing
‘Abandoned stores, abandoned houses, abandoned factory
buildings. A huge, snow-filled lor, which appears to double
as.a garbage dump, catches my eye. Occupying the comer of
the lot opposite me is the broken-down shell of an old gas
station. There's a fire inside, Squatters, probably.

Under different circumstances, I wouldn't have given it
a second glance, but I notice something else of interest
motorcycle tracks. A single set of them heading in toward
the ruin. None heading out. I unsnap the flap of my holster
and tip-toe as quietly as possible toward the station. That's
pretty quiet; I can hear my own heart beating

Voices. Children's voices. almost turn back with asigh
of relief, but something pushes me on. I reach the building.
The wall is partially collapsed and I am able to peek through
tothe otherside. Isee five children, probably all between the
ages of twelve and sixteen. They are racially mixed and
dressed in clothes that would be considered ragged even by
Devil's Town standards, butall aresmilingand laughing. For
a moment I feel like joining in, but the sentiment passes.
There isa smell of death in the air: the same smell that came
from the warehouse where the body was discovered

On the ground before the children is another man. At
once I recognize him from the Young Blood file. A large gray
dog sniffs at the lifeless body, while one of the children runs
his fingers through the animal's fur.

No. I'ma country girl, and that's not a dog. It's a wolf.

"Worm-boy didn't know what hit him, huh, Angie?"

"No. He eyeless worm food, just like rest," the gir!
answers. Obviously the leader, she is a tall, white girl with a
pinched, hungry look to her pale face, but I've never seen a
sharper pair of eyes in my life. "We do flamer tonight. Show
them they kill friends of Circus Lupus, they not live long
either."

Pye heard enough. I'm obviously dealing with a gang
war here, Although I'm patting myself on the back for
breaking the case so fast it's killing me who I have to arrest.
ve heard of Circus Lupus, of course. Most New Yorkers
have. Street kids who've beaten the street life. Sort of like
the Guardian Angels but tougher. They've cleaned up area
neighborhoods, freed them from drugsand violence. They've
done community work, too, everything from shopping for

6 ProJect TwiuieHt

5

old ladies to opening playgrounds. Good works. Good
relations with the police, too

As | replay their credits in my mind I shift my weight too
much to the right. I don't fall, but I make a small crunching
noise in the snow. Too quiet to be overheard — or so I think.
And then five hungry faces snap in my direction.

The game's up so I decide to play it bold. Gun in hand,
I step into the building. I'm wearing my authoritative-
mother face, the one that used to put the fear of God into my
son whenever he would misbehave.

"Put your hands in the air slowly. You're all under
arrest." Nothing, Just five pairs of feral eyes, sharply focused
‘on me. Six, if you count the wolf

"Hey, sister. You got no business here. Turn ‘round.
Leave. No one gets hurt." It's one of the boys; young, black,
about thirteen years old. I stare at him, knowing, impossibly,
what my answer has to be. He glances at my gun as casually
as if it was a pea-shooter. I suddenly have the sinking feeling
that this is not just bravado on his part.

"Put your hands... "I try again.

"Enough of this." The girl this time. She steps forward.
There is a rush of movement and their wolf tears my throat
out.

1:30 p.m.

I must have slipped, hit my head on a rock. The freezing
wind keens through the gas station. Lam alone. No children,
no wolf, no body. There's fire though. There's blood on the
snow and footprints. Paw prints. I scoop up some of the
bloody snow and put it in a plastic evidence tube. I'm
freezing, so I decide to get some coffee. On the way, I see a
woman walking a dog so small it could almost be a rat on a
leash. For some reason it scares the living hell out of me.

5:00 p.m.

Ie's almost dark and its starting to snow again. | killed
the last few hours trying to sort things out, to get a hold of
myself. There's something very spooky going on. As much as
[try tocontrol it, my mind keeps tracing back to the memory
of those Circus kids, and superimposing razor-sharp fangs
onto their mouths. Not vampires, not in the daylight, but
something. Werewolves? The department's been
investigating them for months, The bodies reflect the kind

of carnage that's been associated with them. And me without

my silver bullets,

Well, I can't go to the police, and it takes an act of
Congress to get help from the department, so I'm back at the
Tire Iron waiting for the Young Bloods. I don't have to wait
long. Three of them show up, all wasted on some illegal
substance. I watch their reflections in the jukebox as the
bartender surreptitiously points me out to them. A\ll three
look in my direction and then leave, one by one. I follow the
last one out. The snow's too deep for their motorcycles, so
they're on foot. I see the last one disappear into an alley a
mere three blocks away. They might as well put up a neon


sign out front spelling "ambush." No point in keeping them
waiting.

Irun the four blocks necessary to approach the alley
from the opposite side. The narrow passage is protected from
the snow; there is only about an inch covering the ground
here. As I expected, there are three silhouettes looking out
the opposite side of thealley, away from me. The intelligence
level ofcriminals these daysis truly appalling, The intelligence
level of EBI agents isn't much better.

Pil walk toward them, arrest them, trump up some
charges later. I can do that. I work for the government.

Gun in hand, I close the distance between us as quietly
as possible. I get about thirty feet away before one of them
turns and notices me.

"Freeze! Raise your hands," I yell. I have a feeling I've
done this already today. I know I'm in trouble when the
other two also turn, Jack Nicholson grins frozen on their

es. One raises his hands in mock surrender. Boy, I hate
being right

"Chicky, chicky, chicky," he chortles.

"Hey, old lady. Whatcha gonna do, when there's three
of us, and only one of you?" chants another. All three
advance, not the slightest bit leery of my gun. No sense in
warming them again. I'll have to take them down hard and
fast. Administer the coup de grace later, just like with that
bloodsucker two years ago. I aim a shot for the lead man's
knee. The report echoes loudly through the alley and he
collapses, screaming. The other two pause.

"Stay back!" I warn them, although it's apparent by the
expressions on their faces that I'm more scared than they are
They rush toward me with a rebel war cry. I fire twice more
‘The first shot catches one in the arm, but hardly even slows
him. The second shot goes wide as the other man snags the
gun from my hand, moving much faster than human speed.

God, I pray, let someone have heard the noise. Let there be
a convenient police cruiser patrolling the block justin front of the
alley. I fall backward and they are on me. At least let chem find
my body before spring. The roofs of the buildings spin above
me asa razor-sharp pain stabs my side, and a viselike hand
grips me by the throat, I notice a crescent moon peaking
through a hole in the clouds. As I try to breath, to shout
defiance, to scream for mercy, the hand about my neck
squeezes harder. The moon is red, a blood-stained sickle in
the sky.

There is a flash of lightning, though I can't tel if it's in
thesky or behind my eyes. Ican breathe again. Harsh gasping
fills my ears but it can't drown out the screams around me,
or the howling of the wolves. I fight the temptation to close
my eyes and lose consciousness, and painfully lift my head.
Isee my chest, and my knee turned at a crooked angle just
beyond it. As my vision clears, I realize that a biker's
decapitated head is sailing toward me, gore trailing from its
severed throat, Its dead eyes fix on me reproachfully for an

Prosect Twiuaat


instant before it completes its trajectory, crashing into a
trash can just behind where I lay.

My enemies are beset by dogs. Thirty. Forty. Fifty. Dogs
of every description. Street mongrels, pure breeds, wolves,
and the Chihuahua I saw earlier today. I even think I see my
old Golden Retriever, Butterscotch, among them. The blood
hammers inside my head, and I realize I'm bleeding from a
gash near my rib cage, and then everything — the alley, the
dogs, the screaming, the whole grisly scene —fades blessedly
to black.

"You bleedin' ro death, agent lady. Maybe you need a
hospital, hey?" The wolf addresses me as I slowly regain
consciousness again. Before me I see a wolf mask with a girl's
face behind it. No. A gitl mask with a wolf face behind it.
My brain screams with the impossibility of the transformation.
A hallucination brought on by shock, I realize, and then
reality settles back into place. It is the sharp-eyed girl from
the gas station, crouching over me.

"They were bad men, lady. Murderers. They needed
killing, bad." [look up, feeling pinned beneath her gaze, like
a butterfly on a display board. "Bloods only kill street trash,"
the police say. So they look the other way. Bloods do it for
fun. Slash a few, burn a few. No help from police, so we do
your job for you. Serve and protect. Only we protect those no
one else cares about. Now I protect you. Get you help." Her
voice is by turns angry, and amused.

"Only you don't come ‘round here no more!" The wolf
mystically appears again beneath the mask-face of the girl.
My insides churn as my mind reels in confusion. Fortunately,
I pass out again before I can be sure of what I'd seen.

Two Days Later

Jam sitting comfortably in my hospital bed, propped up by
pillows and reading yesterday's paper. The bodies of four more
gang members have turned up, this time ina torched O'Tolley's
restaurant. There's a photo of the burned-out building I had
been investigating, Seeing the image now, I suddenly feel aneed
for a cigarette, but of course the hospital won't allow it.

ve already spoken to Fiske on the phone, and told him of
my suspicion that the Young Bloods are ghouls. That was the
extent of my report: I didn't even mention the Circus. Fiske
suspected I was hiding something; he even called mea liar right
over the phone. He's called me worse. He yelled at me for ten
minutes straight, but | ignored him. He can spit and scream all
he wants to: he's not going to get anything more from me.

Crowes flying up to debrief me tomorrow. Maybe ilhave
better luck with her. She's always seemed reasonable.

T have two weeks to recover. I've also got six weeks of
accrued vacation time, and you better believe I'm going tomake
use of it. Maybe I'll call Fred. And after that? I guess I'll figure
it out when the time comes.

uy Tae



So first of all, let me assert my firm belief that the only thing we have to

fear is fear ise

— President Franklin Delano Roosevelt,
first inaugural address (March 4, 1933)

I believe there are more instances of the abridgments of freedom of the

people by gradual and silent encroac

violent and sudden ursurpations

chments of those in power than by

— President James Madison

ition, humankind has been aware

Since the dawn of civi
thatitisnot the only force on this planet. Strange creatures with
vast and eerie powers walk the earth's face. The immortal
Kindred stalk the streets of our great cities in search of human
prey. In the countryside, the savage Garou cast their baleful eye
uponall the works of civilization, viewinghumanity's empire as,
acancer that must be excised at all costs. From the bosom of the

human race itself have grown the mages, people who have
discovered powers both wondrous and horrifying. Many of
them have forgotten what it means to be "merely human" and
regard others of their race with proprietary disdain, Beyond
these three are the powerful alien forces of the Wyld, the
Weaverand the Wyrm, the faeries, and the dark domains of the
restless dead,

Ie would seem that with such powerful and often hostile
entities roaming the world, common humans are little more
than helpless victims. They often are. When placed in
competition with the immortal manipulations of the vampire,
the razor claws of the Garou or the almost infinite pallet of
bizarre powers from which the mage can choose, it may seem as

though Homo Sapiensare destined foraspotin theevolutionary
dust bin, next to the Neanderthals they had supplanted ages
ago. Buthumanityhasnothad its last hurrah. Despite appearances
tothe contrary, humans may yet survive these beings who seem
for all purposes better suited for the long haul. In fact, humans
have many advantages, including a vibrancy and sense of
purpose thats lacking in all buta few of the immortal Kindred.
They also have a knack for organization and (at their best)
cooperationonamacroscale that the vain cadresofsupematurals
(especially the disorganized Garou) cannot even begin to
match.

This organizational zeal is embodied in great social
structures, such as religions, mercantile systems, learning
institutions and governments. Itis this last item which is the
concem of this book, Forboth goodandill, supernatural entities
have had a long history of involvement (almost always covert)
with human governing bodies. Every government in the world
today unknowingly interacts with, and is to some degree
manipulated by, supernatural forces. This book concentrates
almost wholly on the United States government, and more

Intopucrion: IN Derense oF THE REALM u

specifically on those nascent government agencies that have
begun to knowingly involve themselves in the affairs of these
secret beings.

The United States government is a labyrinthine, often
ponderousinstitution which isall too often ill suited torecognize,
letalone effectively challenge, the near demigods that walk its
streets. In fact, the government has been a prime factor in
shrouding the existence of these creatures. This comes partly
from a genuine concern for what it perceives to be the public
welfare, and partly at the behest of the supernaturals who wield
a good measure of influence in the halls of power. Very few in
the government know of the threat posed by these supposedly
fictitious beings. Those who do, however, are aware of the
turmoil that would erupt should knowledge of their existence
become widely accepted. Ifthe supernatural were tobecome the
natural in the public mind, the government fears the result
would be nothing less than the total disintegration of all

existing social structures. They may be right

The government thus believes it has no choice but to
engage in a campaign of deceptionand misdirection to.cover up
the existence of thes
very creaturesitfears. Atthesame time, though, ithas launched
(especially in the last three years) an ambitious plan to gather
information, with the hope that it will someday have the power

to curb, or perhaps even control, these entities.

beings, becoming a de facto ally to the

The US. government has vast human resources and
financial reserves (budget deficit not withstanding) which put
both the Camarilla and Pentex to shame. It has allowed its
special agents a good deal of latitude and "extra-legal" powers

(sometimes equal to those given in a police state) to deal with
incursions of supernatural activity as they see fit. No special
agent has ever been formally accused, let alone convicted, for
their often questionableactivities while investigatingparanormal
phenomena. The history of the various paraintelligenceagencies,
atits worst, displaysa troubling pattern of abuse, includingsuch
activitiesas covert spying operationson itsown members, secret
experimentations, wholesale violations of civil liberties and
even assassinations, in order to keep a lid on the secret

knowledge of the existence of the supernatural

Certain of the more factions in the
supernatural community (most notably the Kindred Camarilla
and the Technocracy mages) have reciprocated in kind forwhat

they see as the government's wise course of "discretion." They

‘conservative'

haveacted (separately) in various ways todefend the government
against assaults by the more "reckless" supernaturals (i.e. many
Garou tribes, the Anarchs, the Sabbat, etc.). This system of
countervailing forces has been successful in maintaining the
status quo and in keeping the general public in the dark
However, it may not continue for much longer. The evidence
isbeginningtomount. Asthe final daysapproach, itis becoming
harder and harder for even the most uninformed minds to
escape the conclusion, at least subconsciously, that there is
something very big going on.

The government, after spending many decades in denial of
the mounting evidence, has finally begun to show some signs of
life when it comes to what it has dubbed the "Super Human

quation", or "SHE." (Many paraintelligence agents speak

darkly amongst themselves about the growing paranormal
menace they perceive as a living entity; it is almost always
referred to in the feminine gender.) The other nickname
commonly adopted by agents involved in the investigation of
the paranormal is "Project Twilight". This stems from the sense
that many agents have that they are constantly treading the
terminus between day and night, reality and madness — living
inaperpetual world of twilight. Going ona mission is invariably
compared with entering the "Twilight Zone".

Funding for both research and direct action has increased
precipitously in the last several years, owing particularly to the
heightened interestof the Departmentof Defenseand the NSA
(National Security Agency). All paraintelligence-typeactivities
are "black book" funded, meaning that Congress votes for a
lump sum to go into top-secret activities, but is not aware (with
the exception of several key Congressmen) ofthe ends to which
the funding is being put. Most of the decisions about which
aspects of paraintelligence research receive funding, as well

their general mission statements, are in the hands of a few
mysterious "Puppet Masters" who form a shadow government
within the government system. Some of them are not human.

12 Paogect Twiueit


When it comes to dealing with the recent increase in
supernatural manifestations, the government has found most of
its standard methods to be ineffective. Its efforts are hampered

y an unwieldy bureaucratic structure and a budget which,
while still growing, is unequal to the tasks that are expected of
it. Its greatest drawback, however, is that the intelligence-
gathering organizations are, for the most part, inherently
conservative, lacking in imagination and vision. Many of the
endeavors of the paraintelligence agencies are marred by turf
battles between, and within, the various agencies, as well as
poor analysis of available data (the CIA is particularly guilty of
thissin), and —perhaps most damaging —a divisive arrogance
and corruption on the part of its leaders. But for these inter-
departmental rivalries, the government would know much
more. In addition, several agencies have been heavily coopted
by the beings they seek to investigate. These disadvantages are
only partially ameliorated by the superb field work of many
lower-echelon operatives, the courage and vision of some
agency leaders, and the fact that a number of supernatural
beings greatly underestimate the government.

Finally, it should be noted that the government in the
World of Darkness is, if anything, more corrupt and ruthless an
organ than our real world government is held to be (even by its
more severe critics). The far ends of the political extreme have
dominated the debate and violent, quasi-military political
groups, both leftand right, have become increasingly ubiquitous.
But there are glimmers of hope. The government is still a
democracy (of sorts) and often responds to its citizens' calls for
justice. As the converging forces of the Apocalypse tighten
their grip around all of society, however, the government has

become increasingly authoritarian. Whether the player

characters decide to battle this trend or to become i
tools may decide much in these final days

Theme

Whetheritbe the brittle immortality and innerstrugglings
of Vampire, the explosive violence of Werewolf, the reality
warping of Mage or the tragic gloom of Wraith, each game in
the World of Darkness series has its own unique theme. So does
a Hunters game.

willing

The Government Hunters game isnot like other White
Wolf games. Asa government agent, players take the role of,
the authorities, They represent the status quo against a
world of terror and anarchy. At first glance they are "the
good guys". They battle for the safety of the average citizen
against the forces of darkness. They fight for Mom, baseball
and apple pie. As the agents battle to preserve normality in

ciety, however, they may be working to pervert it at the
same time. Each paraintelligence agency has its own agenda
and works outside of the laws that govern the rest of society.
Ina strange way the agents become that which they battle,
a secret cabal that sets itself above the rest of humanity.

Like the Camarilla, the Garou or the Technocracy, they
are a small elite which seeks control over their fellow
humans. While one may argue that their motives are pure
(national security, public safety), one must remember that
many of the above-mentioned supernatural groups also

subscribe to what they think are superior motives. This
paradox of motive and reality is the central theme of the
Government Hunters game, How do the characters walk
that fine line between serving the greater good and falling
over the edge, becoming, in effect, that which they battle?
The Storyteller should emphasis that the agents stare into a
mirror darkly whenever they confront the supernatural. The
forces they confront may appear distorted, but they seem
increasingly similar to the hunters themselves.

Mood

The Government Hunters game isa raceagainst time. The
objective of the government agent is discovery. Windows of
opportunity to gain knowledge of the supernatural are rare; the
agent must move decisively to take advantage of them before
they close forever. Whether the characters are hunting the
supernatural, ot are stalked by it, they should feel like they are
racing against an unseen clock. Players will feel somewhat
manic, alternating between great highs (the triumph of
discovery), and devastating defeats. They should never feel
completely safe, even when they are at their home base.

Over time, the supernatural should begin to infiltrate into
every facet of the agents' lives. It may touch their partners,
friends, commanders and even their families. The more the
characters learn, the more their paranoia should grow. Even
innocuous-seeming objects (a telephone receiver put down the
"wrong way", an open window that the character swore was
closed before) may begin to take on ominous undertones. This
paranoia should weave a nearly inescapable web around those
involved with the supernatural. Everywhere they tum they will
see it. Those who remain submerged in this twilight realm too
long may begin to lose their ability to distinguish between
reality and fantasy. Ultimately, the mood of a Government
Hunters game should sit somewhere between the inwardly
directed horror of Vampire and the outward struggle of
Werewolf. The agents face the alien, the other. They must also
face the alien asp.

How to Use This Book

This book is designed forboth playersand Storytellers,and
gives information on running a Government Hunters game:
charactercreation,detailson the agencies (the FBI, NSA,CIA,
ete.) and a mission fornew agents. The book is divided into two
parts, one for players and one for Storytellers. The first four
chapters contain character creation charts and data about the
government and its involvement in the supematural. The
information contained in these chapters is what a very well-
informed agent might reasonably know about the workings of
the government. The rest of the book is strictly Storyteller
information, detailing deer
The Storyteller section should not be read by players.

within themselves.

-crets known only toa select few.

Inrropucrion: IN Derense oF THE REALM



Character Creation

This chapter provides valuable information about
creating agent player characters as well as antagonists to
throw against the characters in non-hunter games. Detailed
here are some new Abilities, Backgrounds, Numina, Merits,
Flaws and a collection of government-issue equipment

Many of the rules for creating hunter characters are
covered in the Vampire supplement, The Hunters Hunted
These rules are reviewed and expanded here as concerns
hunter characters within the U.S. government.

Choices

There are many questions a player must ask about her
character: Who is she? What does she look like? Why is she
in such a dangerous and dirty profession? A general mental
picture should suffice at this point. Most people find that the
character grows more real as the creation process progresses.
As with the other Storyteller games, the character creation
process for hunters is about applying points to define a
character's basic capabilities. Is the character strong or

weak? Is she intelligent? Beautiful? What can she do? Is she
a good fighter, or perhaps a scientist? All of the details
needed to create a fully fleshed-out character are listed on
the Character Creation Chart

StorytellerRules

Government hunter characters are mortal. They are
not vampires, werewolves or wraiths, and they are not
Awakened mages. This book assumes that the Storyteller
possesses at least one of the basic Storytellersystem rulesbooks
needed to run a Storyteller game, preferably one with rules
for mortals (Vampire, Werewolf or Mage).

However, the Character Creation Chart includes some
Traits thatdonot appear in Werewolf: Nature and Demeanor.
The details for these Traits can be found in either the
Vampire or the Mage rulesbooks. Neither of these two
Traits are required for play

Please note that the beginning point total for mortal
characters is less than that for the other supernatural beings.
However, they do receive more "Freebie Points" (they're
going to need them!)

Guapren One: Wuoeven Hunts Monsters


Character Creation Chart

Step One: Character Concept
Choose concept, agency, Nature and Demeanor

Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize your three categories: Physical, Social, Mental
(6/4/3)

Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina
Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation,

Appearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

Step Three: Select Abilities
Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills, Knowledges
Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (11/7/4)

Note: All paraintelligence agents are required to take at
least one dot in each of the following Abilities: Firearms,

Investigation and Occult

Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (3; in addition, all paraintelligence
agents receive Allies 3, Influence 2 and Resources 2)

Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Willpower (3)

Spend "Freebie Points" (21) (Characters may purchase
Numina, Merits and Flaws with "Freebie Points.")

Concept

Who were you before you took up the hunt? Usually, a
characters concept is a two- or three-word summation, such as
"Absent- Minded Professor."

Agency

Isthe character an agent of the FBI, the NSA, the CIA or
some other government agency? A character's affiliation is
most often determined by the Storyteller's chronicle, but a
player can choose his faction within the agency. Or perhaps
she'sadouble agent? Details on the FBI can be found in Chapter
Two, the NSA in Chapter Three, and other agencies in
Chapter Four.

Nature and Demeanor

These Traits represent the foundations of a character's
behavior, from her inner Nature to her outward Demeanor.
More details can be found in the Vampire or Mage rulesbooks.

Backgrounds

Fame and Influence are detailed in Vampire; the restofthe
Backgrounds are common toall Storyteller games orare new for
this book. See also Backgrounds, in this chapter.

* Allies: Your friends, most often fellow agents from your
agency or division.

# Backers: Describesasecret, powerfuland well-connected
person or group outside of the agency you work for who pulls
your strings.

® Contacts: Describes the contacts you possess in various
levels of society, from "Deep Throat" to the Speaker of the
House.

© Equipment: Describes the character's initial access to
high-tech government issue items.

Fame: Describes how famous you are, the chance of your
being recognized by others in your society or abroad.

© Favors: Describes the number of favors you can call in,
from getting yourself sprung from jail to covering up a murder.

© Influence: Describes the kind of strings you can pull,
from getting friends out of jail ro halting an industrial
development contract

* Mentor: A more experienced agent who advises and
looks out for you.

* Rank: Yoursecurity clearance and status in youragency.

* Resources: Describes how wealthy you are; your
belongings.

Freebie Points

"Freebie Points" may be used topurchase Numina
(Psychic Phenomena, Hedge Magic and True Faith)
ot Merits. Flaws may be chosen toadd "Freebie Points"
(maximum 7).

Trait Cost
Attributes.

Abilities

5 per dot
2 perdot
I per dor
T per dot

Backgrounds

First Numina Type
Second Numina Type 14 per dot
Excra rituals 3 points

Willpower 2 per dot

Willpower
The reserve of discipline, control and raw force of will that
acharacter can muster. Characters begin with Willpower 3.

Numina

See also Numina, in this chapter.

Optional. There are three types of Numina: P:
Phenomena (suchas Telepathy orClairvoyance), Hedge Magic
(folk magic rituals) and True Faith (the power of spiritual
belief). Numina must be bought with "Freebie Points" (although
they can be added to later with experience points)

Merits and Flaws

Optional. Merits are advantages with which a character
begins the game, while Flawsaredisadvantageoustothecharacter
butg player may purchase
Merits with "Freebie Points." Flaws may be taken to add to the
character's "Freebie Point" total (maximum of 7 extra points).

ve the player more points tospend. /

16 Proseet Twiuisht

New Knowledge Ability

Covert Culture

You have immersed yourself in the shadow world of
espionage and possess a general knowledge of the intelligence
community worldwide. This makes you aware of these
organization's principles, and allows you to predict how they
will behave in certain situation. At higher levels, you are privy
to some of their secret

. Student: You know the names of all the
major countries' secret service organizations.

oo Journeyman: You keep up-to-date on every
secret service organization in the world, You know the names
of all the major countries' paraintelligence divisions.

eee Scholar: You know a little about the
commanders of every secret service organization.
soe Spy: Youknowboth intelligence secretsand

some personal secrets of the world's intelligence commanders,
but at this level, rest assured they know about you, too.

eeeee — SpyMaster: Youpreferyourmartinisshaken,
not stirred.

New Backgrounds

There are several new Backgrounds particular to
government agent characters, though they may be used in
other games at the Storyteller's discretion. The supernatural
Backgrounds from other Storyteller games (such as Past Life
from Werewolf) are not allowed. The Storyteller is the final
authority on which Backgrounds are available toa character
in her chronicle

Backers

This is similar to the Allies Background, but the agent
does not know who his Backers are. The Backers are secret
forces within (or outside of) the agency who support the
agent for reasons of their own. Backers are a good source of
dramaand intrigue for the Storyteller, since she can attribute
all sorts of motivations and characteristics to them.

° One Backer, of moderate influence and power,
ee TwoBackers, both of them ofmoderate power.
ooo Three Backers, one of them quite influential.
cece Four Backers, one of them very influential.

Five Backers, one of them extremely influential.

Equipment

Your character has jumped all the hurdles and cut all the
red-tape necessary to gain access to high-tech field equipment,
suchas silver bullets or IR goggles. You begin the game with one
or more government-issue items, determined by the amount of
dotsyouhavein this Background. Thisisaone-time requisition,
however; once that piece of equipment has been used up (in the
case ofbullets) or lost, youhave toroleplay your way intogetting
more (Rank helps in this task). See Equipment, later in this
chapter, for a list of some items and the Ranks required to
requisition them.

© One Rank one piece of equipment.

#* One Rank two piece of equipment, or two Rank one
items.

© OneRank three piece of equipment, oracombination
of other Rank items.
.

. One Rank four piece of equipment, or a
combination of other Rank items.

. One Rank five piece of equipment, or a
combination of other Rank items.

Favors

Through your actions, you have disposed certain
individuals high up in the chain of command to favor you.
They are willing, and able, to intercede on your behalf. This
isa powerful Background. A Favor can be used to get you out
of a lot of trouble (hide a body, eliminate a witness, destroy
paperwork, etc.). Favors are easy solutions to many problems
and can be used to accomplish things that Allies can't, or
won't. Each favor may be used only once, however, and then
it is gone. The Storyteller is the final judge of what a Favor
can accomplish.

. 1 favor
oe 2 favors
eco 3 favors
4 favors
5 favors

Rank

Unless this Background is purchased, the agent is assumed
tobe of the lowest grade/rank allowed in the agency concerned
(ie. a junior agent in SAD or the CIA, a private in the Army,
or a lieutenant 2nd class in the NSA). Government policy is
strict in enforcing rank privilege; the player character with the
highest rank will be in command of other player characters.
Player characters who abuse this privilege may find their
authority undercut, resulting in poor performance on the field.
This may ultimately cause the agent to be transferred or
demoted. The Storyteller has the final say on how high this
Background may be bought; no character should begin play
higher than fifth in command ofan agency. Ifthreeormoredots
of Rank are purchased, the agent receives a Resource of 3,
instead of the usual 2 (higher salary)

. Novice: A sergeantin the Army,astandard

agent in SAD, a lieutenant 2nd class in the NSA.

. Low Rank: A junior officer in the Army, a
veteran agent in SAD, a captain in the NSA

. Medium Rank: A captain in the Army, a
field supervisor in SAD, a Major in the NSA.

High Rank: A major or colonel in the
Army, a regional director in SAD, a colonel in the NSA.
Command Staff: A general in the Army or
the NSA. Some influence onagency policy is possible
at this level.

Cunpren One: Wuoeven Hunts Monsters V7

Numina

Mortals cannot learn the Disciplines of the Kindred,
the Gifts of the Garou or the magicks of the mage. Instead,
there are Numina. Numina is a catch-all category for the
wide range of abilities that are available to mortal characters.
Numina tend to be less powerful than the afore-mentioned

Immunity to the Delirium

Any character with three or more dots in a single
Phenomenon, Path or True Faith is considered to be
partially Awakened, enough so that she is immune to the
effects of the Delirium caused by witnessing Garou in
their Crinos form.

NuminaChart

Psychic Phenomena

Phenomena —_ Effect Roll Difficulty Cost
Animal Pai Telepathy with animals Per + Animal Ken 8 None
Anti-Psi Cancels other Phenomena None N/A None
Paychometry" Visions of an object's past Per + Empathy 8 1 Willpower
Pyrokinesis Creates fire by force of will Willpower 8 1 Willpower
Hedge Magic

Path Effect Roll Difficulty Cost
Divination Glimpses of the future Per + Occult Level + 4 1 Willpower

abilities of the supernaturals, but ifemployed properly they can
still be very effective.

Numina come in three types: Psychic Phenomena, Hedge
Magic and True Faith. Numina must be bought with "Freebie
Points" duringcharacter creation, butcan be added tolater with
experience points. New Numina can be leamed by a character
during play only at the Storyteller's discretion.

Psychic Phenomena (singular: Phenomenon) consist of
various powers, such as Telepathy, Psychokinesis and
Clairvoyance (all detailed in The Hunter Hunted). Each
Phenomenon has five levels; the higher the level, the more
powerful the Effect available. It is rare for one character to
possess more than one Phenomena or even more than one
Numina type (reflected in the Initial Cost; see below).

ic consists of various Paths, such as Healing,

Hedge Magi
Cursing or Ephemera (all detailed in Ascension's Ri
for Mage). Each Path hasfive levels anda host of rituals foreach
level. The character begins with one free ritual for each level he
possesses.

True Faith isa rating ranging from I - 10 which
acharacter'sdeep spirit
to tum away or bring about miracles. True Faith is detailed in
the Vampire rulesbook and The Hunters Hunted.

present

al belief. True Faith can cause vampires

Initial Cost: 7 "Freebie Points" per dot. It costs twice as
much (14 pts.) to purchase a second type of Numina or
Phenomenon, although different Hedge Magic Paths can be
purchased at the normal cost. Extra rituals (those bought in
addition to the free ritual per level) cost 3"Freebie Points" each,

Experience Point Cost: Current rating x7 to raise a
Phenomenon or Path. To learn new rituals costs current Path
level x3. True Faith cannot be raised with experience, only
awarded by the Storyteller

Rolls: Each Phenomenon and Path has its own roll
requirement, usually an Attribute + Ability; see the particular
power in question. The Dice Pool for True Faith is equal to the
character's rating.

Difficulties: The difficulty for Psychic Phenomena is
almost always 8, although this can vary at the Storyteller's
behest. The difficulty for Hedge Magic is the Path's level + 4 (a
charactercastinga third level Path ritual would have adifficulty
of 7).

Psychic Phenomena

While the reality of Psychic Phenomena is debatable in this
world, they are a definite (although uncommon) reality in the
World of Darkness. Certain factions within the government are
aware of the existence of "ESPers." They are almost indecently
eager to meet anyone with these abilities.

There are a wide range of Phenomena. Given below are
some of the more obscure branches of psychic powers. Their
required rolls are given in parentheses after the title.

Animal Psi (Perception + Animal Ken)

The ability to communicate with animals. Although this
talent is related to Telepathy, it is not direct mind-to-mind
contact. The psychic must communicate via animal sounds,
body language, etc. This ability does not allow the psychic to
control animals, only to communicate; the animal may or may
not choose to reciprocate. Communication with this ability is
imperfect due to the different thought processes of humans and
animals. This power only works within line of sight and takes at
least a turn to use

18 Progect Twiuieat

x

Higher mammals. The psychic may
communicate with mammals that are believed to possess neatly
human level intelligence, such aschimpanzees and dolphins. In
addition, the psychic can communicate with tame or trained
lower mammals, such as dogs. At this level, only the mammal's
intent can be read, such as whether it will attack or flee.

* Lower mammals. The psychic may
communicate with mammals that are believed to be
unintelligent, such as wolves and horses. In addition, the
psychic can communicate with tame or trained birds, such as
parakeets or hunting falcons. At this level, a higher mammal's
current emotions can be read, such as a hatred or love for the
psychic, or a lower mammal's or trained bird's intent can be
understood.

# © «Birds. The psychic may communicate with wild birds,
such as owlsand cardinals, and read their intents. At this level,
ahigher or lower mammal's ot trained bird's wants and desires
can be communicated, such as a Collie who wants the psychic
to come get Timmy out of the well he fell into.

sees Reptiles. The psychic may communicate

ith reptiles, such as snakes and gila monsters, although the
clarity of communication is extremely limited and only their
intents can be read. At this level, a higher or lower mammal's
or a trained bird's complex instincts can be anticipated; the
psychic can determine what the animal's reaction to an event
will be before it occurs. A wild bird's emotions may be read.
eee The psychic may communicate with any
animal, although communication with killer bee swarms and
salmon is likely to be vastly misunderstood, and only their
intents can be read at best. At this level, a higher or lower
mammal ora trained bird can be completely understood; all it's
instincts, thoughts and emotions are laid bare. A wild bird's
wants and desires may be read, and a reptile's emotion can be
sensed

Anti-Psi

Anti-Psi isa psychic talent which cancels out the Psychic
Phenomena of others. Anti-Psi reduces the Dice Pool of the
opposingpsychic. Itis even efficacious against the Mind Sphere
of the mages, but not, for some reason, against the Kindred
Disciplinesof Dominate and Presence or the Gifts of the Garou.
Psychics with Anti-Psi may not possess any other Psychic
Phenomena.

Psychics with this ability can broadcast a loud, psychic
static which interferes with other psychic activity in the a
No roll is required; simply subtract dice from any psychic Dice
Pool. This ability can protect all of the psychic's friends, but it
is indiscriminate, blocking any beneficial psychic abilities as
well. This Phenomena can never be completely turned off, but
always broadcasts at Level One, even when the psychic is
asleep. The range is a circle around the psychic of 5 yards per
level in every direction. Anti-Psi costs nothing to use, as it is
operating constantly.

. Subtract one die from all Psychic

Phenomena Dice Pools within 5 yards.
Subtract two dice from all Psychic
Phenomena Dice Pools within 10 yards,

Subtract four dice from alll Psychic
Phenomena Dice Pools within 15 yards.
Subtract six dice from all Psychic
Phenomena Dice Pools within 20 yards.
Subtract eight dice from all Psychic
Phenomena Dice Pools within 25 yards.

Psychometry (Perception + Empathy)

Thispowerallowsthepsychictopickupamentalimpression
of past incidents surrounding an object when he touches it. For
instance, a knife used in a murder may produce visions of the
actual crime as it was committed. The number of successes
determines the clarity of the vision. The vision lasts for only a
few seconds, although the psychic can often see minutes of the
pastwithin this shortspace of time. The psychic must concentrate
for at least one turn and spend a Willpower point.

. The psychic can see visions of events that
took place a few hours ago. However, only impressions are
received, such as names and face:

oe The psychic can see visions of events that
took placea few days ago. Visuals are received, short "videos" of
the event

# © © The psychic can see visions of events that took place
a few weeks ago. The psychic can see the event clearly, and one
other sense (Storyteller's choice) is perceived.

sees The psychic can see visions of events that
took place a few months ago. All senses pertinent to the event
are perceived: sight, sound, smell, touch and taste.

eeees The psychic can see visions of events that
took place a few years ago. It is as if the psychic were present at
the event, perhaps seeing through the eyes of a participant. In
addition, the psychic may have spontaneous visions after
touching certain objects, at the Storyteller's discretion (no
Willpower cost).

Pyrokinesis (Willpower)

The ability to psychically agitate molecules to such a
degree that fire results. This ability cannot be used to put fires
out, only to start them. "Firestarters" are a renowned part of
parapsychological lore. The maximum range at which afire can
be started is equal to 10 yards per success. Fires started with this
Phenomenon act just like regular flames; they last until they
bur out orare put outby normal means. It costs one Willpower
point to use this Phenomenon.

Candle flame (no damage)

Small fire (1 die of aggravated damage)
Camp fire (3 dice of aggravated damage)
Bonfire (4 dice of aggravated damage)
Conflagration (6 dice ofaggravateddamage)

Hedge Magic

Hedge Magic is low, ritualized magic, as opposed to the
High Magick of the mages. Nevertheless, it has certain
advantages over Sphere magic (see Mage). It is easier to employ
than Sphere magic, isavailable even tothose with un-Awakened
Avatars and attracts no Paradox (most of the time!).

Cuaprer One: Wuoever Hunts Monstens


Each level within a Path has a host of rituals available;
examples are mentioned with each level. Storytellers are
encouraged tocreate new rituals, Rituals generally require some
sort of material focus and take more than one turn to cast.
Wheneveracharacter purchases Hedge Magic duringcharacter
creation, she learns one ritual with each level purchased at no
cost.

Note: Hedge Magic is referred to in The Hunter's Hunted
as Thaumaturgy, but that term now only applies to a vampire
Thaumaturgy Discipline.

Divination (Perception + Occult)

The power to gain insight into future events. Only one
ritual may be cast per scene, and requires one Willpower point
per casting. Future events are not set in stone; they can change.
A character can, with Divination, get enough of an idea of
future events to alter them in some way. However, this process
isnot quitesostraightforwardas itatfirstappears. Few magicians
understand enough about time to make a controlled change of
the future; an action a magician takes to save a friend froma bad
prophecy could very well doom the magician.

The Storyteller has the final say about the true extent of
this power. Divinations should be used to enhance the plot of
story, never to destroy the suspense. (A more detailed form of
divination can be found in World of Darkness: Gypsies.)

© Fortune-telling: The most basic Divination. This
level gives the user a general sense of a person's future fortunes,
good or bad. Results are extremely cryptic and widely open to
interpretation. Possible rituals include Ouija board readings,
simple Tarot readings (yes/no questions, Celtic cross spreads),
flipping a coin, ete.

@¢ Dowsing: This allows the caster to locate a lost object

or person. The dowser should be familiar with the object he
seeks, or have a personal effect of the person he is hunting.
Long-range Dowsingmay be accomplished byholdingthe focus
over a map, while short-range Dowsing is achieved simply by
holding the focus in the air and following its "pull." Accuracy
isdetermined by the number of successes. Possible rituals would
allow the Dowser to scout treasure (such as gold deposits), find
water (the most famous form of dowsing) and even to locate lost
people, such as kidnapped children. Typical Dowsing foci
include pendulums or dowsing rods.
Augury: The user can determine the outcome of a
possible future event, such as how well a business meeting will
go, or which army will win a particular battle. Possible rituals
include I Ching consultation, Chi (internal life-force) readings,
the reading of an animal's entrails, bone-throwing, or complex
Tarot readings (Golden Dawn spreads).

eee Premonitions: The character receives flashes
of insight concerning possible future events; for example, he
may sense that the plane he is about to get on is going to crash.
There are no rituals for this level, as this acts almost like a
Psychic Phenomenon, activating at important points in the
character's life (Storyteller's discretion). The character must
still succeed in her roll, however.

° Vision-Quest: The character receives a
vision of a future event, either concerning himself or someone
he thinks about during the casting. The vision is not necessarily

linear, however, and the character may misinterpret how the
events will play themselves out. The number of successes
determines the length and clarity of the vision. Possible rituals
include many ascetic or ecstatic practices which cause changes
in consciousness, such as Native American sweat lodge
ceremonies or Sun Dance rituals, shamanic journeys, fasting,
etc. Typical foci include incense, sage-burning, psychoactive
drugs, etc.

Merits and Flaws

Merits and Flaws are optional traits which allow you to
further flesh out characters. Merits are advantages which cost
"Freebie Points," while Flawsgive theplayeradditional "Freebie
Points" to add wherever they wish. There are numerous Merits
and Flaws listed in the Vampire, Werewolf and Mage Players
Guides, as well as The Hunters Hunted. Some of these apply
only to supernatural characters. The Storyteller has the final
word on which ones are permissible.

Psychological

Manchurian Candidate (5 pt. Flaw)

Youre working forsome secret person or organization and
you don't even know about it. You have been completely
brainwashed by this mysterious master. Your "owner" might be
avampire,amage or evenanotherparaintelligence organization.
This manipulator has implanted a certain word or visual signal
in your unconscious; whenever you hear this word (it might be
given to you over the phone) or see the signal (perhaps on
television), you will perform whatever duty this master has
asked of you. Afterwards, you will not remember anything from,
the moment you got your cue until after your duty has been
accomplished.

Some common duties might be simply to spy on your
employers and report back (by secret mail-drop or phone
number), to kill a certain person "who knows too much," or to
steal valuable equipment. The task was implanted in the
original brainwashing session, but your master may force new
duties on you at any time, although this usually requires a
personal one-on-one session with the master.

Strange things may go on in your agency, and you might
doggedly track down the perpetrator only to discover it is you!
The Storyteller is in complete control of these situations. It is
up to her to decide when to bring this Flaw into play.

* Paranoia (2 pt. Flaw)

Youare suspicious of everythingand everybody. You'd call
the department for back-up on this case, but what if they're
behind ittoo? Characters with this Flawadd one to thedifficulty
ofall social interaction rolls.

* Siege Mentality (3 pt. Flaw)

Youare a "company man" through and through. You view
your agency as an extended family of sorts. This can have its
advantages, but it leads you to regard everyone else with an
unfriendly eye, You suspect that most of the "‘civvies? out there
hate your agency. You think they want to interfere with it, or
even shut it down. Your contempt for the "little people" makes
you far more likely to use your privileged position to dispense a
little "justice" of your own. This contempt extends also to the

20 Paosect Twitight

civilian legislators, who tie your agency's hands without really
knowing what is going on. You especially hate the traitors
within your agency who are trying to "reform" it. Characters
with this Flaw think they are above the law, and so often break
it. The worst excesses committed by intelligence agencies over
the years were the acts of those victim to this narrow scope of
thinking. Agents with this Flaw tend to see everything through
"agency colored glasses," and thus lack the flexibility to
understand foreign mindsets. Subtract one from the Dice Pool
for all Empathy or Investigation rolls involving alien ways of
thinking.

Supernatural

* Garou Kinfolk (4 pt. Merit)
Youarebothrelated toandacceptedbyapackofwerewolves.
Youknow their customs and are privy to secret signs which will
identify youas a friend. Subtract two from the difficulty for any
Occult rolls involving Garou. You have probably joined the
agency at least partly at their request and are funneling
information back to them. In return they may occasionally get
you outofa tough scrape. Any Garou Kin agent who is exposed
will be questioned vigorously (and perhaps forcefully) by his
superiors. You are completely immune to the Delirium.

* Unknowing Garou Kinfolk (2 pt. Merit)

Thisis similar to the Garou Kinfolk Merit, except that you
are unaware of your heritage. As far as you know, you are a
regularagent investigating bizarre and supernatural phenomena
As you broaden the scope of your inquiry, however, you may
notice asense of familiarity about the Garou, and even afeeling
of belonging. Ultimately, you may reclaim your heritage. This
Merit may save your life when you stumble into the middle of
aBlack Furies' moot —or they may choose to label you traitor
and tear youapart. In spite of your ignorance of your true nature,
there is something that marks you and sets you apart. Garou can
sometimes sense this, and may treat you more kindly asa result
But servants of the Wyrm can detect it also. You are partially
immune to the Delirium (+2 Willpower on the Delirium
Chart), and will become completely immune when you have
recognized and accepted the truth of who you are.

* Wyrm Tainted (4 pt. Flaw)

Forsome reason you have thestink ofthe Wyrm about you.
This may be because you willingly serve It, or it may just be
hereditary and beyond your control (or maybe you play Black
Dog games.). In any case, Garou can often sense this about you.
Most of them will kill first and ask questions later. Players who
take this Flaw are asking for trouble.

Society

* Agency Insider (3 pt. Merit)

You are both respected and liked by the agents you work
with, and thishas served you well. Youare one of the firstto pick
up on agency news, gossip and policy shifts. The information
obtained through this Merit is not always accurate, but you are
also well situated to pick up any clarifying or contradictory
information. Furthermore, your fellow agents feel a sense of
camaraderie with you and are more likely to come to your aid.
This Merit adds one to your Dice Pool for any rolls involving

Leadership, Bureaucracy, Covert Culture or Investigation, as
longas these rolls are made in direct relationship to youragency.

* Agency Outsider (3 pt. Flaw)

You are disliked by your agency and are always the last to
get the latest news. Why you are unpopular is up to you and the
Storyteller todecide. Perhaps youarea whistleblower, courageous
enough to oppose illicit departmental practices, or maybe
you're justa jerk. You are either the target of low-level hostility
or are completely ignored. In either case, you will not be well
supported in the field by your fellow agents. Subtract one from
your Dice Pool forany Leadership, Bureaucracy, CovertCulture
or Investigation rolls directly involving your agency. From the
free agency Backgrounds, you receive Allies 1 instead of 3

* Bureaucratic Vendetta (2 pt. Flaw)

Someone in your organization dislikes you and is actively
out to get you. You don't know who itis, or even if the person
really exists. All you know is that you've run into a patch of
unexplained bad luck. Memos don't make it to your desk, you
are assigned the worst duties, your gun is loaded with blanks.
Your hidden foe is not necessarily superior to you in Rank, he's
just in a good position to burn you. A secretary with a secret
grudge can cause more problems than just about anyone else.
Whoever itis, she has covered her tracks well and will be hard
to find. An invisible enemy hidden on the periphery of a
character's vision is a great tool for building a sense of paranoia
ina game.

* Blackmailed (1-2 pt. Flaw)

There is something in your past that you don't want to
come to light. Unfortunately, someone knows about it. This
person (or organization) is demanding either outrageous sums
of money, or more likely, services. He wants sensitive agency
information in return for his silence. This is a 1 pt. Flaw if the
secret isa relatively minor one which would merely cause great
embarrassment or personal inconvenience if revealed. A 2 pt.
Flaw indicates a much more dangerous piece of information.
Killing the blackmailer will only make the problem worse, but
if the character is sufficiently clever about turing the tables on
the blackmailer (ie. finding out one of his dark secrets) the
Storyteller may decrease or eliminate this Flaw — at least
temporarily.

* Dangerous Secret (2 Pt. Flaw)

You are privy to some top secret information that places
your life in danger. What it is and how you got it is up to the
Storyteller to decide. Unlike the Top Secret Access Merit, this
secret does you little good and will put you in extreme danger if
anyone finds out you possess it. Furthermore the source of your
information is unstable or unreliable (an alcoholic coworker, a
Malkavian vampire, orsomeone who hasrecently disappeared),
thus increasing the odds that you will soon be running for your
life. The secret preys on your mind, giving you many sleepless
nights. You will be guarded and suspicious ofall but your closest
family and friends — and maybe even them.

* Debts (3 pt. Flaw)

You are chronically and deeply in debt. Maybe you are an
alcoholic, ora gambler, or just a bad money manager. You just

Cuapten One: Wuoeven Hunts Monsters 21


can't seem to stretch your paycheck to meet your financial
needs. You have to borrow heavily just to cover old debts, and
your creditors (banks, collection agencies, repo-men, guys with
bats) are knocking down your doors. This indebtedness makes
you a prime candidate for recruitment by enemy agencies
(supernatural orhuman). Thismayalleviate yourdebtproblems
(Storyteller's option), or it may just make you spend more. If
recruited, you may trade this Flaw for the Pawn Flaw. Your
agency keepsan eye outforfinancial irregularities n itsemployees
(especially since the Ames case), and you may already be under
scrutiny. You may not buy the Background Resources, and you
do not receive the free Resources that most paraintelligence
agent characters are given, since you spend everything as
quickly as it comes and are left with little to show for it.

* Double Identity (3 pt. Merit)

You have been involved in the shadow world of espionage
long enough to have established a double identity. You have
preparedaseparatelife for yourself, complete withdocumentation
(social security card, passport, etc.). This identity is unknown,
even to your employers, and may be used as an outif things ever
get too hairy.

© Female (1 pt. Flaw)

In the macho world of the intelligence community, being
female can be a decided disadvantage. Despite recent
improvements, most intelligence organizations are still men's
clubs; women are not openly welcome. The glass ceiling is more
prevalent here than in most other professions, and incidents of
sexual discrimination and harassment are all too common. A.
female character doesnot have to take this Flaw. A female agent
without this Flaw has managed to gain general acceptance
within the organization, although this will not protect her
completely.

© Inter-Agency Permit (2 pt. Merit)

You work for two agencies at the same time. This may
mean that you have been officially licensed to do so by both
agencies, or it may mean that you were sent by one agency (your
"home agency") to spy on another (your secondary agency).
The advantage of this is that you have access to the benefits
(resources, privileges, etc.) of both agencies. You are also more
likely to have a better view of the big picture. The disadvantage
is that people never completely trust those with split loyalties
and will feel betrayed if you are among them covertly and get
caught. Rank orother Merits must be bought separately for each
agency. Note that itis possible to be an insiderat oneagency and
an outsider at another. Rank at the home agency will always be
higher than, or equal to, the Rank at the secondary agency. If
the Storyteller wants a player to play a double agent for plot
purposes, the player should get this Merit and the Rank
Background at the secondary agency for free. Flaws can still not
exceed 7 points.

* License to Kill (2 pt. Merit)

You have been given special dispensation to "sanction"
those whose interests are counter to your government's.
Sometimes, you are assigned to a prechosen target, but more
often you are given a good deal of discretion in choosing your
hits. Most government agencies do not issue this authority (it
is exceptionally rare in the FBI). Those that do are careful to
monitor abuse. This is not so much due to a strong moral

4

objectionastoa fear of being caught (assassination is technically
illegal in the U.S. at this time). Asa tule, assassinations carried
outin othercountriesare more acceptable than onescommitted
within the agent's own nation, although both do occur. The
agency responsible will do whatever is necessary to cover your
tracks, although there are penalties for jobs done sloppily.
Despite the name, this isnot an actual "license" to kill. Youcan,
in theory, be held accountable by the legal system, though this
is an exceedingly rare occurrence.

* Minority (1 pt. Flaw)

Inmanyofthenation'sintelligence institutions, minorities
are still considered second-class citizens by the existing power
structure, While this situation has improved in recent years,
being a minority may still affect an agent's chances for
advancement. Certain organizations (such asthe CDC) arenot
as prejudiced as others. The Storyteller is the final judge on
whether this Flaw is worth any points.

© Top Secret Access (2 pt. Merit)

Anyone in a clandestine intelligence agency is allowed
access to information not available to the general public, but
you are privy to secrets known only to a select few. The
Storytellershould decide what the nature of this information is,
as well as its source. Perhaps a mysterious "Deep Throat"-type
character contacts you occasionally, or maybe your Aunt
Gertrude worksat the Pentagon. The information isuseful, and
usuallyaccurate, butnotnecessarily complete oralwaysavailable.
The information you receive is no doubt dangerous to possess,
but your source is confidential, and leaks are unlikely. For the
flip side of this coin, see the Dangerous Secret Flaw.

Equipment

One advantage that the government has over most
supernatural organizations is its access to high-tech equipment.
This technology is serving to level the playing field. Most
huntersfind that technology gives them an edge unimagined by
hunters of the past — although this is not guaranteed: some
supernatural groups — the Technocracy, the Virtual Adepts,
the Sons of Ether and the Glass Walkers — can match or beat
the government at its own game, and often do. The Storyteller
should consider the agent's Rank and general standing in the
agency before allowing the character to requisition certain
equipment. Characters with the Equipment Background may
begin the game with some items.

Standard Issue — the "G-Man Kit"

Alll paraintelligence agents are issued some basic field
equipment. These items are free, and thus do not require the
Equipment Background to acquire.

Note: Civilian agencies, such asthe CDC, only receive the
stipend and case-by-case security clearance.

* A personal badge, which serves asa security clearance to
enter agency buildings and gain access to police crime sites.
Badges represent the home agency, never the secret
paraintelligence division (FBI Special A ffairs Division operatives
carry plain FBI badges), although agents also carry
paraintelligence credentials (don't show them to justanybody)

* A salary and a stipend for expenses, represented by the
Resources Background (all agents begin with 2).

22 Progeet TwiuieHt


Va sm

* A handgun and holster. FBI, NSA and CIA agents

receive a Sig Sauer P226 Imm automatic (difficulty 7, damage
4, rate 4, clip 15, can be hidden in a jacket, range 20). One case
of rounds is also issued.

© Handcuff

* Police-band radio.

¢ FBI SAD agents only: a wooden stake and mallet.

SilverBullets
Rank: 3

Silver bullets are neither difficult nor expensive to make,
but few agents carry them on a regular basis. To the minds of
many of the nation's paraintelligence divisions, the notion that
silver is effective against werewolves is still just a theory. It is for
security reasons that the department heads are reluctant to
allow their agents carry silver bullets. If local police or the press
should uncover such an unusual fact, they would inevitably
raise some embarrassing questions. Therefore, it has been
decided that agents may requisition them only if the facts of an
individual case warrant it. Agents who try toend run this policy
may draw a strong reprimand fora first offense and expulsion for
a second. If an agent is able to give a good reason for needing
them, the would arrive via private courier in no more than 24
hours. Ifthe character receivessilver bullets with the Equipment
Background, then she has one full load of bullets with the initial
two dots, and six more per extra dot spent.

Kirlian Photography

Kirlian photography is the production of auralike corona
patterns by high frequency electronic discharge. The technique
was originally developed in the 1800s, but Soviet electrician
Semyon Kirlian perfected it in the 1940s. While the method is
not fully accepted by academic parapsychologists, many field
researchers in paraintelligence agencies use Kirlian cameras in
an attempt to gain evidence of the supernatural.

Kirlian technology has not advanced very far since the
"40s. However, paraintelligence organizations are now testing
high-tech experimental cameras in the hopes of uncovering
some leadsto the supernatural. Thistechnologyis topsecretand
unknown to most academic parapsychologists; the government
does not want the public to know it takes this hooey seriously.

Kirlian photography has been used successfully to
photograph ghosts. In "spirit photography," the process keys in
onboth the wraith's Corpus and Pathos; it isalso effected by the
strength of the local Shroud (see Wraith). Ifthe wraith hashigh
ratings in these Traitsand the Shroud is very thin (such asif the
shot was taken in a haunted house on Halloween), the image
may be fairly distinct (facial features dimly discernible, etc.). If
any ofthese factorsare less than perfect, the image will be blurry,
or not visible at all. Of course, you usually need to be able to see
a ghost before you can attempt to photograph it.

Kirlian photography may also be used to read the auras of
more corporeal beings (humans, Garou, vampires). This use of
Kirlian photography can expose a person's emotional state but
not whether that person isa vampire (an Intelligence + Occult
roll is necessary to interpret the photograph properly)

Kirlian photography will not capture the images of people
or objects hidden with such invisibility powers as Obfuscate or
Blur of the Milky Eye.

= Ow
Kirlian Camera
Rank: 2
This isa large view camera, and must be used with a tripod

to keep it steady for the longer-than-usual exposure times
required. Any shaking of the camera might result in a blurred
image, and thus destroy the picture's value as evidence or as an
artifact to prove supernatural events. About 10 shots can be
taken per roll of very expensive film. If the character receives
this camera with the Equipment Background, one roll of film
comes with it, and additional rolls can be purchased, two per
dot.

Kirlian Video Camera

Rank: 3

A somewhat bulky videoapparatus, which weighsabout 25
Ibs. A tripod is necessary forall the reasons mentioned with the
Kirlian Camera (see above). One tape will frabout halfan hour
of recording time.

Infrared or Night Vision

Rank: |

Various types of apparatus exist that will allow the human
eye tosee in near darkness. These include infrared, which picks
up radiation from that part invisible of the spectrum, and
starlight scopes, which just make very good use of available
light. These devices come in several forms, ranging from camera
lenses to gun scopes to goggles. A good pair of night-vision
goggles is relatively inexpensive and available on the open
market. These are sometimes part of the standard SAD field
agent kit. Less bulky models are available to Rank One agents.

Infrared can be used to tell ifsomeone is Kindred ornot, but
usingitat night tospota vampire isa bad idea. A vampire's body
is usually room temperature (unless they've just fed), thus
rendering her virtually invisible in the infrared spectrum.

Laser Sight

Rank: 2

Laser sights make it very difficult to miss with a gun
(subtract two from all gun difficulty rolls at close or medium
range), but italso telegraphs the attacker'sshot, allowing targets
a better chance to dodge if they are looking in the attacker's
direction, Subtract two from the target's Dodge roll difficulty.
Laser sights must be well maintained and periodically adjusted
to remain effective.

Bulletproof Vehicle

Rank: 4

Most paraintelligence agencies have access to at least one
of these. The vehicles have an armor rating of anywhere from
4 toughness/ 5 thickness (a reinforced car with bullet proof
glass), to 8/18 (an M-1 Abrams tank). Most vehicles issued to
agents in the field have an armor of 5/6. Use of a bulletproof
vehicleisonaper-mission basisonly. A character who purchases
this with their Equipment Background will have a one-use
voucher, usable anytime (Storyteller discretion; bulletproof
cars will not be delivered to agents in the wildemess); the car
will have to be returned to the garage after the mission.

Cuapten One: Wuoever Hunts Monstens 23

eae <=

Commonitems

Below are some common government items, the Rank required to requisition them and the reason for their restricted access.

Rank Item

Ammunition:
Usually issued in cases (approx. 24 rounds per case)
Normal rounds
Hollowpoint rounds
Rubber bullets
Armor-piercing rounds
Silver bullets

Dragonsbreath rounds
Exploding rounds
Kevlar vest

Flak vest
3 Police shield

Communication:
0 Police band radio
0 Cellular phone
1 Computer modem
5

Satellite lineup

Computers:
0 Desktop, old model
Desktop, new model
Agency mainframe access
Laptop
Cipher-box

Street drugs are sometimes available to agents involved in undercover cas

taking the drugs themselves.
1 Chloroform
Animal Tranquilizers
Painkillers
Street drugs
Human Tranquilizers

Forensics:

Restriction

All agents get these with their guns.
More damaging; no accidental targets.

Riot rounds (see Raids, below)

Military round) raises questions:

Raises eyebrows; not to be shown to the public.

‘These incendiary shotgun rounds will destroy the gun, but
ignite their target; draws attention, especially in forensics reports.

Military rounds; draws attention.

Slightly expensive; not standard issue.
Bulky; draws attention.
Draws attention; says "Riot squad" to any citizen who sees it.

Standard issue.
Almost standard issue.

Make sure it's company business.
Requires interagency cooperation:

Standard issue,
Requires some perks.
Requites log-on time.
Requires some perks.
Decodes programs, finds passwords; legal tangles.

s,ifthey are posingas drug dealer. Agentsare toavoid

Knockout agent; could cause side effects

Uncommon request.
Side-effects.

Marijuana, LSD, etc. only for undercover work.
Side-effects; legal tangles.

When turing work over toa lab, a long turnaround time isto be expected. But, if you can do it yourself, you will get results much

faster.
1 Lab
1 Parapsych lab

Interrogation:
Polygraph device
Sodium Pentathol

Autopsies, ballistics, drugand DNA analysis, etc.; follow procedures.
Psi meters, etc.; hush-hush

Lie detector; not completely reliable.
Trath serum; risky legal tangles.

Prosect Twitiet


Rank

Night vision:
1
1

Photography:

Raids:

Ttem

IR goggles
Starlight scope

35mm camera
16mm spy camera
Video camera
Kitlian camera
Kirlian video camera

Restriction

Impedes peripheral vision; draws attention.

Only for rifles,

Standard issue.

Non-standard.

Can draw attention.

An odd request.

Only one in the department; bring it back in one piece.

Most raids require the cooperation of local law-enforcement agencies. All raids risk drawing attention.

Surveillance:

2
3

Transportation:

Weaponry:
0

Gas masks
Drug-sniffing dog
Tear/Pepper gas
Police tank

General files

Restricted files
Top Secret files
Other agency files
Military files

Phone tap
Infrared tracker
Laser audio

Midsize sedan.
Luxury car
Bulletproof car
Helicopter

Coast guard cutter
Military helicopter
Lear jet

Military jet

Pistol

Non-issue pistols
Shotgun

Taser

Rifle

Laser sight

Semi-automatic gun

Heavy weaponry

Side-effects
Destroys personal property.

Basic info (SS#s) on most citizens; anyone with a record;
declassified agency files.

‘Agency mission files

Classified agency information

Highly dependent on access risk of false information,
Top secret Pentagon information.

Can backfire if target is innocent of charges.
Place device in car to trace it; uncommon.
Expensive

Example! Crown Victoria, €té: Standard goverment pool
Don't get a scratch on this baby.

Expensive; only one or two in the department.

Draws attention.

Requires interagency cooperation.

There better be a very good reason for this...

Expensive; only for timely missions.

Extreme attention grabber; fill forms out in triplicate.

All agents are given a handgun.

Since most requests are for a higher caliber gun, be careful.
Only for dangerous missions.

Side-effects (victim falls and breaks leg).

Only for missions requiring sniper activity.

Draws attention; considered to be a sniper's tool.
Submachine gun, assault rifle, etc.; only for combat/raid/riot-
oriented missions; avoid carrying in public.

Tripod-mounted machine gun, rocket launcher, etc.; only for
covert combat missions; strictly prohibited in public.

Cuapten One: Waoeven Hunts Monsters



Gee, but I'd lke to be a G-Man
‘And go Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Just like Dick Tracy, what a "he-man"
And go Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

P'ddo as I please, act high-handed and regal

‘Cause when you're a G-Man there's nothing illegal
— Harold Rome, "The G-Man Song" (1937)

Tryitagain, pal! Our organization dates backto the Truman administration

— at the very least!

— Agent Frank, Stark Fistof the Men in Black 2 (Pain Ink Prod.)

History

The history ofthe FBI's Special A fairs Department (SAD)
is generally believed to date back to the close of the Truman
years. In truth, however, its roots stretch back somewhat
further, to the 1930s, Charles Homer, an ambitious young
federal agent, was assisting Elliot Ness in his investigations of
Chicago ganglandactivities—particularly those ofthe infamous
AlCapone and the ruthless Lone Wolf Lupo (see Top Ten Most
Wanted list). During his investigations Horner was viciously
attacked by a vampire (see Top Ten Most Wanted List), and left
for dead. He survived, but the ill-fated incident changed his
world view forever. From that point on he assiduously
investigated any case he cameactoss thathinted of supernatural

(and particularly vampiric) involvement. It was not until
World War Il, however, that he had his first chance to confront
the undead.

In 1943, he was helping an OSS (Office of Strategic
Services) team that was investigating a Nazi spy ring in New
York. Months of preparation finally lead to a major sting
operation. Horner tried to arrest the ring leader, Wulf Steiger
(see Top Ten Most Wanted list), and discovered that the crime
boss wasa vampire. Two agents were killed, and Steiger escaped
after being shot multiple times. To the astounded Homer this
was the final, clinching proof that supernatural beings did
indeed move through the world, and posed a threat to the
mortals who shared it

Cunrren Two: SAD


Years passed and Horner continued to climb the ranks.
He was frustrated by his lack of evidence, however, as well
as by what he perceived to be the agency's blindness toa very
real menace. Finally, in 1952, he found a sympathetic
listener in Dr. Emil Zotos, a member of the Army's
Psychological Strategy Board and J. Edgar Hoover's personal
psychiatrist. Together they convinced Hoover of the
existence of the supernatural, and of the necessity forcreating
a semi-autonomous branch of the FBI to deal with it. With
some cloak-room arm twisting, and the stroke ofa pen, SAD

was created in the winter of 1952.

As the 1950's progressed, funding quickly grew. Only a
small handful of men knew of the agency's existence, and
most of them supported its professed mission to halt
"subversive activities from groups on the radical fringes of
society." Horner, a big game hunter, was excited about the
prospects for the future. He was a bold and energetic leader
in the department's hey day in the early- to mid-fifties.

In 1955, SAD agents encountered and decapitated a
Brujah union boss. His head is one of the few conclusive
pieces ofevidence theagency hasof the reality ofsupernatural
beings. Successive directors, however, have deemed that
this is not enough; currently it sits largely ignored in a jar in
a high-security vault.

The department reached its apex of 25 agents in 1957,
but as the ardor of the Cold War dissipated somewhat, the
level of funding for the department began to decrease as well.
This slow decline culminated in the "big blow-out of *69"
and the so called "Clarke Case" (see Top Ten Most Wanted
list). The department was investigating alleged connections
between Louisiana voodoo practitioners led by Denise
Gerard, and the Neo-Cerenaic movement (a free speech,
free mind, free love cult) led by the charismatic counter-
culture icon, Dr. Timothy Archer Clarke. Members jumped
at the chance for what they thought might be their biggest
success ever, and six field agents went down to investigate.
None of them returned and the principal suspects dropped
out of sight.

After this incident, it seemed that the department
couldn't sink any lower, but itdid. The rapidly-aging Horner
had long suspected the existence of creatures other than
vampires. In 1973, he sought to test his theories with the
investigations of two new cases. Responding to evidence of
Garou involvement in AIM (American Indian Movement)
and the crisis at Wounded Knee in South Dakota, Horner
lent several of his agents to the FBI's COINTELPROs
(COunter INTELligence PROgrams). His aim was to destroy
the movement from within, as well as to expose any Garou
activity. At the same time, he dispatched several agents to
investigate the Maenads, a revolutionary feminist group,
which he suspected (rightly) of being backed by Garou. Both
cases turned into fiascoes for the agency, ending in the loss
of several of the department's most experienced agents.
Charles Horner took his theory of the existence of Garou

28

Progeet Twiueit

with him to the grave when he was killed a year later in a
suspicious hunting accident.

Homer was replaced by Andrew Crowe, who was steady
but unageressive in his directorship of the department. There
were no major breaks during his tenure, but he is credited with
at least partially cleaning up the corruption that had begun to
infiltrate SAD over the years. He also steered the department
away from any further investigations concerning the existence
of the Garou. Crowe was forced to retire in 1980 by incoming
Reagan administration appointees in the Bureau, buthe left the
department a legacy: his daughter, Marsha Crowe. She is the
department's current East Coast regional commander.

Crowe's replacement was a former homicide agent and
Homerprotégénamed George Thommason. He had been with
the department since his encounter with a vampire serial killer
inthe late‘60's. Initially pragmaticin hisapproach, Thommason
became more and more uncontrolled and reckless in his attacks
against the Kindred as his fear of vampires grew. Although the
agency's body count mounted Thommason was able to gather
little solid proof of the existence of his foes. The department
continued to dwindle until it became a mere shell of its former
self, reaching an all-time low of five agents in the early 90's
Several cases were under investigation at this time, each with
varying degrees of success. The department managed to solve a
bizarre series of blood bank robberies, and gather some
photographic evidence in the process. At the same time,
however, Thommason initiatedan ill-conceived plotto infiltrate
the Kindred, which ended in dismal failure. After this his
behavior became increasingly erratic. He also came under
investigation for multiple financial improprieties.

In early 1993, he suffered a complete mental collapse and
was forcefully admitted to the Bethesda Institute of Mental
Health, where he remains to this day. The dark rumor still
circulatesaround the office that the vampiresdrove Thommason
insane because he had learned their secret.

The current head is Thommason's previous second-in-
command, Gerald Osbourne. Those supernatural organizations
who are aware of the department find Osbourne to be a more
acceptable director: his style is less ideological and more
pragmatic. They do not realize that this makes him more of a
threat to them than Thommason had ever been. Numerous
cases have come to the fore during Osboume's directorship,
includingseveral which prove conclusively (atleast to him) the
existence of Garou. The "Grubbholb Case" in late °93 (see
below) provided him with tellingevidence, aswell asa powerful
ally, Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Senator
Grubbholb. It is thanks to this alliance that SAD's funding has,
recently taken a dramatic increase, despite the current regime
of fiscal austerity.

Since then, the department has on several different
occasions encountered Garou. While investigatingeco-terrorist
actions against Endron Oil in Alaska, agents encountered
Endron employees using lamethrowersagainstapackof wolves.
An altercation ensued, during which an Endron employee


turned his weapon on the agents, forcing them to return fire.
The wolf pack and the remaining employees fled, leaving
behind a charred wolf corpse which exhibited a number of
physical anomalies still not understood by department
scientists. An investigation into Endron is still pending. The
head count of the department has increased impressively in
order to handle the growing case load (the department now
boasts twenty-three full time agents and twelve various
support staff).

The Grubbholb Case

The Grubbholb Case was a defining moment in the
history of the Special Affairs Department. The powerful
southern Senator, Jesse T. Grubbholb, was throwing a
coming-out party for his granddaughter, Tandi Grubbholb.
During the nighttime festivitiesheld at Grubbholb's country
estate, a pack of wolves descended, creating all kinds of
havoc and destroying the property. Miraculously, no lives
were lost; butafter things settled down, the Senator discovered
that his granddaughter had vanished. An intensive state-
wide search still left che police empty handed, andGrubbholb
called in the FBI. While the federal agents were reexamining
the grounds of the estate, a large, silver-haired wolf emerged
from the underbrush. It strode purposefully toward the
Senator, but was driven away by agents' gunfire.

‘The Senator used all of his resources to research SAD}
he then made use of his connections to arrange a meeting
with Osbourne, Osbourne was surprised when Grubbholb
revealed to him how much he knew about the department;
he was stunned when Grubbholb offered to patronize the
departmentin return forits help in findinghis granddaughter.
Osbourne gladly accepted the deal.

All SAD agents have been shown a picture of Tandi,
and have been ordered to keep an eye out for her. Even
though SAD has so far been unsuccessful, Grubbholb has
kept his side of the bargain and keeps the department well
funded.

Current Status
Under the leadership of Gerald Osbourne, SAD officially

continues its mission of over forty years: to investigate
"bizarre occult-style crimes." The new funding has
rejuvenated the agency, helping it in some ways but hurting
itin others. Agents from the FBI proper look askance at SAD
agents, viewing them as the somewhat sinister "Men in
Black" (notto be confused with the Technocracy convention
of the same name). Rumors about their true motivations run
rampant through the other agencies. As a result, Osbourne
has worked hard to build bridges to the parent agency
without giving away SAD's true purposes. He has even lent
agents to the regular FBI. They have worked together on a
series of two-pronged investigations of the Mafia and the
Cali cocaine cartels, believed by SAD to be run by
supernatural forces.

Structure

The rank and file of Special Affairs are ultimately
answerable only to Director Gerald Osbourne. He is
answerable only to the FBI's Bureau Chief, who is under
pressure not to ask too many questions. No Bureau Chief
since Hoover has known the true purpose of the department,
and since SAD has proven itself to be a reliable asset to the
Bureau in the past, it retains almost total autonomy. The
department's chain of command begins and ends with
Osbourne, who is a very hands-on type of leader.

Second in command is Cynthia Forrest, who is equally
involved with day to day operations in the department. In
public she backs all of Osbourne's decisions to the hilt.

Next in rank are the Regional Directors, who have
authority over and responsibility forall field agents working
in their geographical region. They all report directly to
Osboume. Regional Directors live in the area they are
responsible for, thus they are a little out of the Washington
loop.

Attached to each Regional Directorisa Field Supervisor.
‘These are veteran agents who have already proven themselves
through their work for the department; they act as liaisons
between the command staff and the average agents in the
field. Beneath them are the regular field agents, and finally
the junior agents who have yet to be tested on a case.

Overlooking, and somewhat beyond, the chain of
command is the Internal Security Director, Martin Fiske.
This official structure is complicated greatly by the various
secret societies in the department, each of which has its own

hidden agenda.

Internal Discipline

Because SAD doesn't answer to outside authority it has
developed its own system of disciplinary measures. This
covers a wide range of violations, which includes anything
from the minor (i.e. violating agency protocols with good
reason, minor violations of a citizen's civil liberties), to the
serious (i.e. disobeying direct orders, severe violations of a
citizen's civil liberties), to the unforgivable (i.e. giving away
agency secrets). These violations may be prosecuted at the
discretion of a tribunal formed by Osbourne, Forrest, Fiske
and the Regional Directorfrom the area where the infraction
took place.

The defendant is granted council; punishments are
meted in proportion to the severity of the infraction. They
include formal reprimands, fines, removal of rank or field
status, or expulsion from the department. Osbourne is further
authorized to "sanction" (CIA speak for murder) the most
extreme or incorrigible cases, though he has yet to make use
of this power. Discipline is vigorously enforced in the
department, as any sign of disorder may lead to outside legal
inquiry.

Guapten Two: SAD 29

x

Factions

There are several factions in SAD which threaten to
tear the department apart. All together these factions
comprise only a minority of the whole department, but they
areactive in making covert attempts toalter thedepartment's
structure, Two of these groups (the Underground and the
Minutemen) are seeking for recruits. They will thoroughly
research the backgrounds of any newcomers (i.e. player
characters) to see where their loyalties lie. Osbourne realizes
that these factions exist, but has underestimated their
potential to do the department damage. He has so far done
nothing to stop them.

The Minutemen
If these guys are the good guys, I don't want to know the bad.

— Bruce Hornsby, "Defenders of the Flag"

The Minutemen are an all-white, all-male, ultra-
conservative, reactionary cabal somewhat in the mold of the
KuKlux Klan. Most of them entered law enforcement in the
hopes that it would give them power to rid the country of
"undesirables" (i.e. foreigners, loud-mouthed feminists,
"weirdoes," etc.), They are disposed to hold the same opinion
of all supernatural beings. Members of this faction are more
prone to use excessive force than most other SAD agents
(although it must be admitted that there are few other ways
to bring down an uncooperative werewolf). They receive
covert outside funding and tactical support from the super-
patriot group known as the Star Chamber (see The Puppet
Masters, Chapter Five), but know nothing of its true
motivations. The Minutemen are aware of the existence of
the Underground and hate them with a passion. They
recently ftagged one in the field, but they don't know who
the rest of its members are. The Minutemen will be very
suspicious of any newagents who do not tow their ideological
line

There are currently seven Minutemen, including
Internal Security Director Martin Fiske (their leader), and
Mid-west Director Lyle Wallace. Ideologically, they are
quite close to Cynthia Forrest, but they have not approached
her because of her sex. They do not publicly pronounce most
of their views, but will try to subtly feel out any potential
recruits over a period of time before asking them to join.

The Minutemen view themselves merely as patriots
sometimes forced to extreme measures by a corrupt and
misguided system. To their credit, they are generally
motivated by truly patriotic concerns, although this has not
stopped some of them from lining their own pockets. Several,
of the Minutemen (especially Fiske) are holdovers from the
Thommason regime, and they are still quite loyal to him.
The Minutemen's long-term plans include acoup ("preferably
non-violent") against Osbourne, whom they consider to be
a bleeding heart.

The Underground

Despite its radical-sounding name the members of the
Underground would in fact beacentrist-to-mildly-liberal group,
ifcompared with the population at large. They are loyal agents,
more interested in what is going on "out there" than in
killing every supernatural entity they come across.

There are only four members of the Underground.
Despite their small size and generally academic bent they
can act with surprising dispatch and efficiency. They are on
a high state of alert , as one of their members was killed
recently (they suspect the Minutemen), and are very careful
about inducting new members. They have powerful but
unreliable patrons in the interagency freelancers called
Delphi (see Chapter Three). Like the Minutemen, they are
unsure of their ally's true nature. The main challenge of the
Underground has been to keep the Minutemen from shifting
SAD wildly to the right, and they have managed to
accomplish this so far under the guidance of their leader,
East Coast Director Marsha Crowe.

Wire Heads

Two SAD agents have been kidnapped and secretly
altered by forces unknown. These agents are completely
unaware of what has occurred, and so continue on,
unsuspecting, with their normal lives. Their secret masters
are able to see anything they do through their eyes and can
control theiractionsat will. The Wire Heads are "Manchurian
Candidates" who will do their masters' bidding, and then
forget everything afterwards, thus making them very hard to
catch. Their mission at this time isto report the department's
progress and to "disappear" any evidence that brings SAD
too close to "the truth." One of the Wire Heads is a member
of the Minutemen.

The FBI (COINTELPRO's)

The FBI proper (as opposed to SAD) has a long and
often honorable history. It has served as a federal law
enforcement agency, helping to combat crimes such as
murder, kidnapping, and counterfeiting. In this venue it has
proven itself time and again to be a powerful, positive force.
Unfortunately, it has also seen fit to enter the political arena
over the years, investigating many prominent political figures,
as well as ordinary citizens who hold political opinions
considered subversive by the Bureau's leadership. Not satisfied
by mere investigation, the Bureau branched out into a well-
orchestrated campaign of infiltration and harassment through
its COINTELPROs. The targets of these illegal programs are
predominantly (but not exclusively) left leaning (Black
Liberation, the American Indian Movement, labor unions,
environmentalists, etc.). The COINTELPROs program has
drawn some interest from the supernatural community. See
Chapter Five for more information.

Progect Twiuieit


Paranormal COINTELPROs

For years the FBI's COINTELPROs program has been
infiltrating organizations deemed dangerous by the
organization. SAD sought to emulate the parent organization
by creating its own "Para-COINTELPROS" in the 1980's,
but met with dismal failure. Attempted infiltrations were
aimed at the Nosferatu, the Brujah, and (unknowingly) the
Children of Gaia. Agents from these operations were never
seen again, and the program was scrapped. Lately Fiske has
been makingnoises about reopeningit. Osbourne has resisted
this because he considers it too dangerous, with only dubious
chance forsuccess, Pressure for inside information is growing,
however, and he may be forced into initiating the program
eventually. In this event, only the most experienced agents
will be asked to volunteer. (Player characters always
volunteer, just tell them how dangerous it is).

Indoctrination

After undergoing a thorough background check, the
candidate will be approached by the agency. How this is
done depends greatly on the nature of the person being
approached. Following a successful field interview, the
candidate will be further questioned by both Osbourne and
Fiske. Osbourne will then makeafinal decision. The interview
process is often a somewhat circumspect affair. [tis unlikely
that the candidate will be questioned directly about the
supernatural, unless the department has strong evidence to
suggest that he has already had direct contact with it, in
which case the interview will be more frank, Of course, hints
may be dropped and the candidate (player character) may
decide to volunteer information. The interview process can
make for some interesting roleplaying.

In any casé, the prospective employee will be asked to
sign several secrecy agreements. One is an agreement never
to divulge departmental secrets, even after leaving the
agency. During the interview process, the candidate will also
be subject to a battery of tests. These include a highly
complex and subtle psychiatric test, finger, retinal, and
DNA printing, a blood test (toscreen out ghouls), acomplete
physical and a lie detector test. All new field agents should
be 25-35 years old and in reasonably good health. These
requirements are waived in certain circumstances.

Once hired, the new agent will be assigned to an
experienced field commander, who will introduce the
neonate to the true nature and purpose of the department.
The agent will be shown selected evidence of the
supernatural's existence, and given a brief accounting of the
department's history (a slightly sanitized version). Basic
firearm training will also he supplied to those who need it (all
SAD agents are required to have at least some skill in
firearms). Those who have not been recruited from within
the FBI's internal structure may also be required to undergo
basic training at the FBI's training facility in Quantico,
Virginia.

This breaking-in period lasts about 10 days, during
which the agent will be sequestered from the outside world
in thedepartment'sisolated southwestern Virginia mountain
retreat. Ifapplicable, the agent will be encouraged to mingle
with other entry-level agents (ie. other player characters),
in order to build a sense of camaraderie and belonging.
Throughout this period the new agents will be directly under
the watchful eye of a trained supervisor.

All agents are still provisional during this time and are
not allowed to carry firearms. It is traditional for them to be
tested near the end of the ten days. This test consists of a false
supernatural emergency into which the inductees suddenly find
themselvescast. They are forced touse theiringenuity togetout
oft. The Storyteller is encouraged to use her imagination (and
deviousness) in devising this test, but no one should get
seriously hurt. Upon graduating this probationary period, the
agent will be issued a basic security clearance and considered to
be a full-fledged junior agent.

FirstMission

Upon graduating, the new agents will be given their first
field assignment. This will almostalways ostensibly be purely of
research nature, asthe department does not wish to expose the
agents to too much danger their first time at bat. Furthermore,
anexperienced agent, orafield supervisor, willalwaysaccompany
afield agent on her first mission.

The Storyteller should attach as much mystery and drama
to the mission as possible. After all, the characters are facing a
complete unknown here. Players who are long time gaming
mavins (you know who you are) should be encouraged by the
Storyteller to try to forget what they know about the World of
Darkness from playing other games. A werewolf stalking down
a dark alley should be an alien monster to a novice agent, no
matter how much that player may know about tribes, breeds or
auspices

Agents are told to request back up before stepping into
obviously dangerous situations, but despite the department's
increased size, itsstill spread very thinly; back-up will often not
be forthcoming. Small groups of agents who show that they
work well together will usually be assigned to work together in
the future, thus giving the Storyteller a rationale to keep the
player characters together. All first-time agents will be issued
the basic G-Man Kit (see Chapter One, Equipment.)

What SAD Knows

Despite recent advances SAD is still hamstrung by its past
methods and thus remains in the dark about many things.
Although there is a fair amount of raw data available to them,
they have drawn erroneous conclusions from much of it,
insisting upon casting the supernatural into a preconceived
mold. Much of this comes from the department's earlier
incarnation asan antisubversive group. The motivations ofany
supernatural entities that it ran across were assumed to fit into
the human zeitgeist of the time (ie. Brujah = Marxist

Guapren Two: SAD a

x

a

1 lla

Communist). Furthermore, individual entities who could be
labeled as a member of an organization (i.e. a vampire clan)
were considered automatically to be typical of the group as a
whole, thus giving SAD a very two-dimensional view of the
groups it investigated.

Vampires

Every dead body that is not exterminated becomes one of them.
Ie gets up and kills. The people it kills get up and kill!

— Nameless government official, Dawn of the Dead

Special Affairs was created specifically to investigate
the Kindred. Itis little surprise, then, that they have learned
much about the undead. The meager physical samples
available have revealed something of Kindred physiology
and physical weaknesses. Studies suggest that Kindred blood
platelets are similar in structure to those of earth worm
blood. Thus the department has, by and large, been able to
separate fact from fiction and determine what methods of
attack would be efficacious against the Kindred.

The department knows about the Camarillaand most of
its clans. It has known about the Ventrue, Tremere, Brujah
and Nosferatu for some time, and has recently become aware
of the existence of the Gangrel; it now believes that it has
uncovered all of the sects of the Kindred population. SAD
views the Nosferatu as without doubt the most dangerous
and vicious of the clans.

SAD has an ideological dislike for the Brujah. They also
know of the Sabbat, which appears to be the Camarilla's
"opposite numbers," mirroring the Camarilla's five clans in
the form of "anti-clans" (ie. the "Anti-Ventrue"). The
agency has determined that the Sabbat is even more
dangerous than the Camarilla, and has stepped up its
investigations into Sabbat activity, especially in the New
York area. Of even greater interest than the Sabbat is the
recentdiscovery that there are vampires involved in organized
ctime. This as-yet-unnamed clan is obviously from overseas;
seems to work outside of both the Camarilla and the
Sabbat.

Werewolves

I thought it might be one of them werewolves we've been having...
— The Firesign Theatre, Everything You Know is Wrong

Very little is known of the Garou. The department has
misconstrued almost every piece of data it has found so far.
While this is partly due to the agency's myopic analytical
procedures and the fact that the discovery is so recent, it is
also largely a result of deliberate sabotage. SAD only knows

Progect Twiusit

of three Garou tribes: the Wendigo, the Uktena and the
Black Spiral Dancers. The department has theorized that
the Wendigo are all from Native American tribes in the
northern United States and Canada (i.e. Sioux, Mohawks,
Chippewa, Blackfoot, and various Inuit tribes), while the
Uktena are representative ofthesouthern tribes (i.e. Navajo,
Seminole, Apache). No one in the department has yet
observed any Black Spirals, but they have heard rumors of
them. The department is currently working under the
hypothesis that lycanthropy may be a genetic trait specific
only to those of Native American heritage, although this
theory is slowly on its way out. The misconception was
furthered by Martin Fiske, who is trying to create bad
relations between the government and the Garou: he feels
that the department will be more likely to use force against
Native Americans than other Americans. Fiske has tried to
put as negative a spin on any encounters with the Garou as.
possible, without making it obvious that he has an agenda.

Allagentsworkingon cases that may potentially involve
werewolves (the department doesn'tknow the word "Garou,"
and instead uses the nomenclature "Lycanthropes") are
usually armed with silver bullets. The agency doesn't know
for sure that silver will be effective, but since Kindred are
damaged by the traditionally prescribed "remedies" (sun,
wooden stakes), they are hoping that the same is true for
werewolves.

SAD knows less about mages than it does of Garou. It has
heard of the Cult of Ecstasy; the frankly amoral reputation of
this organization has instigated some investigation of its doings.
Onseveral occasions the departmenthas comeclose todivining
the Cult'serue nature, but has always in the end been frustrated
by last-minute changes of fortune. Mages from the Order of
Hermesand the Verbena have, on occasion, lent aid to various
crime-solving organizations, in the guise ofpsychic consultants.
They have, however, been very careful not to divulge their true
nature, Ofall the Tradition mages, the Virtual Adepts havehad
themostcontact with SAD, which isone of the reasons why the
department has learned so little about mages.

Wraiths

Surprisingly SAD does have evidence of the existence
of wraiths. The agency has been developing various
instruments that will help to detect their presence. Research
Director Alan Kenchlow isa particularly avid devotee of the
subject, and pursues his hobby enthusiastically. He himself

has photographed ghosts, and he and other agents have
investigated several Haunts.

a STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE

IN g FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIO
SPECIAL AFFAIRS DEPARTMENT 4

FOR INTERNAL
CIRCULATION 0

G. Osbourne

To: Department Director Gerald Osbourne
From: Security Director Martin Fiske

Mr. Osbourne:

Pursuant to our conversation of the 8th, I have broken our case load down into a "Top Ten Most Wanted List," as
determined by the current work of the Bureau at large. I believe this format will allow us to better systematize our
investigations, and will be of help in the process of allocating our resources and manpower more efficiently. I have classified
the list in order of ascending priority. This reflects my opinion on the current importance of each case. As always, I look
forward to your input.

Sincerely,

33

#9. WANTED: "CHARLOTTE" (?) HOLMES

I don't know what to make of this self-styled, female
Sherlock Holmes. She is clearly a supernatural entity of
some sort; she has been of incalculable help to numerous
law enforcement agencies across America and Western
Europe over the last sixty (or more) years. She seems to be
laboring under the JBIISBANE at she is either related to, or
actually is, the fictig setive, Sherlock Holmes, and

i ip€, magnifying glass, great
coat, etc.). Thisdistortaagprrcaligy, however, hasevidently
not affected het" gyperlatiygsdetective skills, or her
apparently good intentiohs coward the law and its enforcers.
Over the years she has been credited with saving several
police and civilian lives. Eye witnesses who have reported
herappearances have given her nameaseither "Sherlock,"
or "Charlotte." I suggest her inclusion on the list, but for

questioning purposes only.

#8. WANTED: MICHAEL STANDINGTALL

Standingtall isa fugitive, wanted by several agencies,
including SAD, for his involvement in the deaths of two
federal agents in South Dakota in 1973. He is considered
to be very dangerous by all agencies involved. | am almost
certain that Standingtall is a Type-A lycanthrope of the
Wendigo tribe. There have been various reported sightings
of him since he went underground, burnothing confirmed.
Presumably he has numerous allies both in the American
Indian Movement and in various others of these militant
left-wing political groups which we've seen so much of
lately. Use of deadly force is fully appropriate in dealing
with this cop-killer.

#7, WANTED: "THE HOOK"

Iremember hearing stories of "The Hook" when I was
a boy in summer camp, and that was in the early 1960s.
There are unconfirmed reports of him from as far back as
1916, though the latest reported appearance occurred just
two months ago. The Hook's modus operandi seems to be
aconglomeration of every camp horrorstory ever toldand
all of the bad slasher films ever made. In light of our

department's recent, tragic encounter with him, we can | GHARLOTTEHOLMES

no longer write him off as a series of multigenerational

copy-cat killers. am not, however, prepared to endorse

Kenchlow's theory that he is a physical expression of our collective racial consciousness. His ability to shed bullets like
water clearly marks him asa paranormal entity of som le does notfit either our vampire or lycanthrope templates,
however, and I agree with Forrest's assessment fitad he isgornethingstely. 1 a urge use of extreme caution in
the event of an encounter with him. ™ 2 asics

#6. WANTED: "LULU" HAGEN

Lam completely at sea when attempting to decipher the motivations behind this mad woman's bizarre and eclecti
behavior. We first became aware of her in 1971 when she sent-a vial of vampire blood directly to Charles Horner's office.
Other samples followed, often accompanied by taunting letters, photographs of a woman (presumably her) in various
vampiric poses, and newspaper clips involving alleged "vampire attacks" which have occurred more or less randomly

Progect Twiuieit

|
:

throughout the United States. The letters have all claimed
that the writer was a vampire and that she would "strike
again." Each bitof correspondence has invariably contained
clues (usually in the form of child like rhymes, or simple
riddles) detailing when and where sh¢ planned to make her
move.

I would like to write' f hoax, but have been
UBable to do'so becanSeof Lif Hi Feredible evidence

she has supplied us with, #8 let abvious knowledge

of our department's infer W i&. Solar no one has died
in her blatant attacks, Buy many hayé been left with two
puncture marks on their nel@SHR tends to affect the dress
and demeanor of a 1920's flapper or gun moll.

#5. WANTED: DENISE GERARD

Denise Gerard is wanted in connection with the biggest
mass murder of SAD agents in our department's history, or
indeed of the FBI asa whole. Despite a huge expenditure of
time and effort we have yet to uncover any trace of hersince
she disappeared in 1969. Although we originally assumed
that she was a vampire it now seems that she may in fact be
a werewolf. Her Haitian roots suggest that she is one of
these Black Spiral Dancers we've heard about. I strongly
suggest that maximum force be employed if she is
encountered.

#4, WANTED: DR. TIMOTHY ARCHER CLARKE

I consider Clarke even more dangerous than Gerard.
He isa left-wing gad fly with probable former relations with
theKremlin Brujah. A sixties holdover, Clarkestill espouse
the dead ideals of the counter-culture of that time. He has
proven connections with the drug culture and the liberal
intelligentsia. For years he has been trying to destroy the
moral fiber of this country by means of his "freedom" cult.
He recently resurfaced in Seattle. Several agents were
dispatched immediately; although Clarke escaped, | feel
that the trail ig Still HOt. WUld like-to see the Clarke case
reclassified to a priority status. Pleié advise ni on what
manpoweflydu' Garr proyide.to bring this dangerous cult
leader'to justices r

#3, WANTED: WULF STEIGER (Alias: William Ellis)

Wulf Steiger has been wanted by the department since
World War Il, but was deemed low priority because he has not
beenseensince. A\ll that changed several monthsagowhen he
was allegedly caught on video tape in Chicago (please refer to
#10). Steiger's appearance in the video is the main reason why
our research department feels that the video may be genuine.
We have dispatched several agents to Chicago, but so far they
have come up with nothing, We should consider him to be
very dangerous in light of the nature of Homer's recent
encounter with him:His capture or elimination should be
made a high priority.

Cuaprer Two: SAD


Progect Twiuiet


l

Dr. Timothy Archer Clarke

Cuapren Two: SAD


#2. WANTED: UNKNOWN FORGES BEHIND THE
EVANSTOWN MASSACRE

The entire department is aware of the slaughter in
Evanstown. I would like to tak¢ this opportunity to once again
advance my condolences to you for the loss of your son in the
investigation of this case, Rest}assured the perpetrators will be
brought to justice. At thi fils are still sketchy. We
know only that on uine ral town of Evanstown,
Connecticut (population mnlyebecame a battle zone.
Neighbors cumed aggins Borsg killing one another
indiscriminately. All stttyjvors of th silent outbreak died of
some hideous disease witht abe Siye of the melee. Roads in
andoutofthe town wereblocked, telephone linescut, andevery
car in town destroyed (evidently by the town's inhabitants).
The only known survivor of the incident reported seeing men
in Racal space suits — the kind used in Biosafety containment
areas. A CDCdecon team that examined theareahasconfirmed
theexistence ofa highly virulent, hitherto unknown, pathogen.
The virus seems to be an airborne variant of the Ebola Zaire
virus (see case#2112-A). agree with Forrest'srecommendation
that we initiate phase one of the Reston Protocols. I suggest
continued, guarded cooperation with Dr. Fletcher in the CDC
on this case, as we do not have the Biohazard facilities to deal
with this virus ourselves.

#1, WANTED: NAME UNKNOWN

We have nothing to go on in this case but a crude police
artist's sketch, dictated by Charles Homer shortly after he was
attacked inaChicago warehouse oversixty yearsago. Although
it was reportedly a swift and violent confrontation in a dark
place, I have little doubt thar the picture is accurate: Homer
isknown to have possessed a photographic memory. We
not uncovered any clues to this vampire's whereabouts in all
this time, but I feel he should remain number one on the list
as a debt of honor to out founder. I also believe that he can
serve as a symbolic focus for the department.

Parosect Twiueit


—— 2

Headquarters

The Special Affairs Division takes up roughly one third of
the top floor of the J. Edgar Hoover building in Washington,
D.C. The headquarters contains the following facilities

Offices: All agents are given their own office and are
allowed to customize it to their tastes — within reason. Senior
personnel have larger, more opulent work spaces

Firing Range: SAD is equipped with a small but state-of-
the-art firing range which simulates real life combat situations
through special effects trickery. Moving targets fire back at the
agent, projecting laser beams which target a receiver worn by
the agent. This room can also act as a more traditional target
range.

Screening Room: The department has a medium-sized
screening room (capacity 30) which it uses for department
meetings and for the review of multimedia presentations.

Armory: The armory contains enough various and sundry
leavy weapons to fight a smalll war. It also contains some of the
specialty tools listed under Equipment in Chapter One. The
armory requires a Rank 3 ot higher security clearance to open.

Library: The department has a small research library
which includes a computer da
books on criminology and forensics, law books and a small
occult selection. The occult section contains nothing
revolutionary, but does have some legitimate information in it.
Ichas several rare tomes, which would be of some interest to the
Arcanum.

a base of national crime records,

Research Facilities: SADisnow equipped with superlative,
state-of-the-art forensics and general research facilities. Its
research staff has the expertise to use them to great effect. The
research facilities also contain a small but advanced medical
lab

Evidence Vault: Adjacent to the research lab is a large,
two-foot-thick titanium steel vault which contains all the
department's evidence to date. Despite the fact that the vault
is the best money can buy, several pieces of evidence have
disappeared over the years. The vault requires a Rank 4 or
higher security clearance to a

Monitor Room: All security systems in the department
are monitored from this room.

Security Clearances

Everyemployee ofthedepartmenthasasecurityclearance
rating, dependent upon their Rank (see Chapter One). This
Jdetermines theiraccesstosensitive materialsand information.

Rank Employee
1 Standard agents, researchers and support staff
2 Veteran agents and senior research staff
3 Field Supervisors
o Regional Directors and the Research Director
(Kenchlow)
Assistant Director (Forrest) and the Internal
Security Director (Fiske)
Director (Osbourne)

FMR IZ

23 "1

Epson enero

22

ea eee ae | FBI key

SPECIAL
AFFAIRS
OFFICE

ss
li[3]3[3[a
Midwest Office

Secutiry Door
Security Booth
Elevators
Lounge
Gymnatium / Recreation Room
. Holding Cell
Library

©SPNOgAeONS

Br 4
East Coast Office

21

7 7 10. Firing Range / Training Area
) 11. Screening Room
12. Research

ANXIS

13. Evidence Vault

1 5 14, Research Director's Office
15. Assistant Director's Office

46. Armory
ae 17, South Office
18. West Office

bie}

ey 10]

AW

N

20. Security Chief's Office

TTT Tir
LLCS

19. Monitor Room

21. Director's Office
2 Storage
3. Lunch Room

LLL,

Cuapten Two: SAD

~\

a

Holding Cell: Down the end of a hall in one of the far
comers of the facility SAD has devised a cell which (it hopes)
can imprison creatures of a supernatural nature. The cell is
concrete bracketed with steel; it can withstand a massive
amount of physical damage. The cell can be made air tight
(SAD does know that some Kindred can tum into mist), and
is equipped with well hidden/protected listening devices and
cameras. Any Kindred who Obfuscates will seem to have
vanished to the SAD observers, but security protocols require
that the doors not be opened for at least ewo weeks after such
anoccurrence. The departmenthas yettocaptureasupernatural
alive.

Others: The department also has a small recreation
room, gym, rest area and lunch room (vending machines
only). There are four elevators and three emergency stairwells
that provide entrance and exit to the departmental offices.

Security

Security is a major consideration when dealing with the
supernatural. A lot of money and ingenuity went into making
the departmentas secure as possible. SAD is well protected by
highly advanced alarm systems, hidden cameras and motion
detectors. Multiple redundancies are built into the system (to
protectagainst tampering, freakaccidents,etc.). Alldepartment
power needs are met by secondary and tertiary power supplies.
A\ll department computer files are backed up regularly and
moved to a deep house whose location is known only by
Osbourne, Forrest, Fiske and the director of the FBI. All doors
and elevators which service the department can only be
opened by a combination of a magnetic security card and a
retinal print, Both numerical codes and verbal passwords are
changed routinely.

The top echelon of SAD (Osbourne, Forrest, and Fiske)
have equipped their offices with additional security devices.
Access to various areas of the building, as well as certain
information, is determined by the agent's Rank (see Security
Clearances, below). Areas with the highest security profile can
be closed off with steel shutters and flooded with eithera non-
lethal incapacitating gas, or with GB-2 (a deadly binary nerve
agent). Neitherof these work on vampires. A Rank 5 or higher
security clearance is required to activate this defense.

Department Personalities

Below are brief descriptions of the department's main
personalities and command staff. Additional descriptions can
be found in Chapter Five (Storyteller's only).

Gerald Osbourne (Director)

Gerald Osbourne has been the department's director
since Thomasson's ouster. He is physically a far less dynamic
figure than Thomasson, and many in the department whisper
that he isn't tough enough for the job. Even his most ardent
detractors, however, admit that he is intelligent and efficient.
Ac first glance, Osbourne appears to be a typical Washington
bureaucrat.

Cynthia Forrest (AssistantDirector)

Forrest is a recent transplant from the NSA, where she
reportedly headed up the agency's Project Indigo. AtSAD she
has garnered the nickname "the Ice Queen," because of her
seemingly emotionless efficiency. She affects the appearance
of a stern corporate CEO. She is easily the most formidable
presence in the department.

©

Martin Fiske (Internal Security Chief)

Fiske is large, loud and abrasive. He is considered by most
to be good at his job, but can also be heavy handed. He is not
above using his position to go on political witch hunts to weed
outelementswithin thedepartmentthathe considerspolitically
suspect. He is an avid outdoorsman and big game hunter.

Alan Kenchlow (Research Director)

Having suffered from Lou Gehrig's disease since his
childhood, Kenchlow isa paraplegic and is wheelchair bound.
His handicap, however, hasnot prevented him from carrying
outhisdutiesin asterlingmanner:he is easily the mostbrilliant
memberin the department. He is considered "spacey" bysome
in the department, while others insist that he is attuned to the
supernatural in strange and mystifying ways.

©

Marsha Growe (East Coast Director)

Marsha Crowe is the daughter of the department's former
director, Andrew Crowe (see History). She is both a New
England aristocrat and a former New York street cop. Tall and
attractive, she is a very commanding presence within the
department. She seems to have more of a penchant for doing
her own field work than most of the command staff.

40 Provect Twiuieet

OR Re ee

Marcus Questor (Southern Director)

Questor, at 25, is the youngest director in the department.
He is quiet and dependable, if a bit overly serious. Lately, he
has become the protégé of Cynthia Forrest; it is rumored that
she is grooming him for bigger things.

Thomas Little (West Coast Director)

Little is a veteran FBI agent with almost twenty years of
experience. He is probably the steadiest and most common-
sense oriented of the department's command staff, and isjustly
renowned forhis powers ofdeductive reasoning. Heis the most
socially gregarious of the department's directors.

eo

lyle Wallace (Midwest Director)

Wallace is considered by many in SAD to be little more
than a bureaucratic hack with the right political connections.
Heiscurrently on probationary statusforrecklessly endangering
the lives of two of his field agents. He is also rumored to have
a drinking and a gambling problem, which makes him a
security risk. Martin Fiske hasbeen oddly reluctant todiscipline
him so far. Wallace is petty and ill tempered.

George Thomasson (Former Director)

Most of SAD's newer agents know little more of
Thomasson than what he looks like (from seeing his photo on
the wall). Most of the older agents don't talk abouthim much
When they do, they mutter that he got a raw deal, or even
worse, that his removal wasarranged by unknown supernatural
powers, Thomasson is currently under observation at the
Bethesda Institute of Mental Health. Visitorsarenotpermitted.

Guarren Two: SAD



At midnight, all the agents and the superhuman crew come owt
and round up everyone who knows more than they do

— Bob Dylan, "Desolation Row"

Nothing in this act or any other law

shall be construed to

require the disclosure of the organization or any function of the
National Security Agency, of any information with respect to the
activities thereof, or of the names, titles, salaries, or number of the
persons employed by such agency.

— Section 6 of Public Law 86-36 (1959). The only law ever
to be passed pertaining to the NSA.

History

The National Security Agency was created secretly in
the winter of 1952 in a seven-page document signed by
President Truman. Tothisday, thecontents of thisdocument
have not been revealed to the public. A descendent of the
Armed Forces Security Agency (AFSA), the NSA was
consolidated from all existing U.S. intelligence agencies,
both military and civilian. In its forty-odd years of existence
the NSA has become the most powerful, secretive, and
technologically advanced intelligence agency in the world,
enjoying unprecedented freedom from congressional
oversight. The story of how its Domestic Intelligence Bureau
(DIB) was compromised by supernatural powers is told in
The Hunter's Hunted. It will be explored further in these
pages. Recently, the agency has been rocked by the murder
of several of its key personnel.

The Agency

The NSA is ostensibly a giant information-sifting
agency, responsible for the collection and analysis of
intelligence. While technically a branch of the Department
of Defense, the agency isalsocivilian run, highly autonomous
and free of the legal strictures dictated to the military at
large. It is an extremely invasive organization, many times
the size of the CIA. Despite its official designation as an
intelligence agency, the NSA has been granted vast powers
and discretion in "ensuring National Security by any means
necessary." If the government were ever to fall, the NSA
would be a major factor in determining the form and
content of its replacement. In brief, the NSA is long on
power and woefully short on accountability.

From a technological standpoint, the NSA is the
premier government organization in the world; indeed, the

Guarren Tune: NSA 43

agency is more dependent on its technological edge than it
is on its human agents. Although NSA field agents are
better equipped, they are often inferior in caliber to the FBI's
field agents. The NSA's cryptography staff and analysis
teams, however, are second to none. Those in the NSA who
know about the supernatural are aware of the technology gap
between the government and groups such as the Virtual
Adepts. They consider the need to advance their technology
a national security priority.

The NSA is truly a global organization, with an
information net that stretches world wide. The agency's
listening posts include spy stations on land and sea, as well
as spy satellites that orbit the earth. It gathers electronic
information from telecommunications, microwave
transmitters and telemetry. For data analysis it has the most
powerful array of computers in the world (excluding those
employed by some mages), capable of picking out specific
conversations from the constant babble of international
telecommunications traffic. The agency employs
approximately 60,000 people. Its budget is in the tens of
billions, most of which is "black book" funded.

The NSA is rocked by constant friction between its
military and civilian contingents, and control of the agency
has seesawed between the two throughout its history. But
this military/civilian conflict is only the least of many which
plague the agency. Divisions run through to its very
foundations. Despite its appearance of stability and
invulnerability, the NSA is an organization divided against
itself. Many in the know at the NSA are preparing for the
first strong breeze to bring the entire house of cards tumbling
down.

The Domestic Intelligence Bureau

The Domestic Intelligence Bureau (DIB) is a large
subsector ofthe NSA and concerns itself with purely domestic
matters. Itis run by a director (DIRDIB) who, at least at this
time, has seemingly abdicated his responsibilities. This has
left the department open for an all-out, covert war among
Higgins, Price and Edwards.

Missions

Unlike SAD and other paraintelligence agenci
NSA missions are inwardly directed. NSA culture is both
insular and incestuous. An agent may travel across the globe
on an assignment, but his mission will almost inevitably be
tied to the internal agenda of one faction or another. Often
an NSA agent may be unknowingly following orders from
more than one faction at the same time. Agents will be
ordered to investigate fellow agents or their associates.
There have even been reports about agents asked to
investigate a seemingly unrelated case, only to find out later
they were investigating themselves. Occasionally there will
be assignments that do not have anything to do with NSA
internal posturing. Some may even have legitimate national
security purpos

Ss, most

44

Prosect Twiuigat

The Prime Directive

One stumbling block encountered by NSA agents is
that they work for an agency that does not officially exist.
Agents from other paraintelligence agencies may still identify
themselves as agents of their parent organization (ie. SAD
agents are still FBI agents). This inability on the part of the
NSA means that their agents have more difficulty securing
the cooperation of local authorities, or even of patriotic-
minded citizens. Secrecy is the Prime Directive of the NSA.
Breaking this accord entails the harshest disciplinary penalties
within the agency.

Discipline

Officially, the disciplinary process within the NSA is
akin to that of SAD's. Unofficially, the NSA has a record of
discipline and attrition torn right from the pages of Murder
Incorporated. There are numerous factional heads who feel
justified (either on the grounds of National Security or to
further their faction's goals) in acting as judge, jury and
executioner. Consequently, a number of agents have to all
accounts just walked off the face of the earth. This type of
occurrence is considered business as usual in the NSA and is

not widely questioned, unless the person was important. In
that case, all hell may break loose.

Levels Within Levels

If there is one word that best describes life in the NSA
it is enigma. The department has been called the Puzzle
Palace, and with good reason. In its dealings with the
supernatural, the NSA does not operate as a single entity,
but works through a thousand separate individual camps.
Thus it is unlikely that any agent will ever s
very small piece of the whole puzzle. The NSA is in a state
of internal warfare as numerous shadow cabinet-type factions
vie with each other for power. So confusing is this situation
that even the better-informed factions may often find
themselves working against their own interes

Factions

Two types of factional groups divide the NSA. The first
are supernatural puppet masters from outside the agency,
who manipulate its machinery to their own ends. Their
influence is considerable and rapidly growing. The workings
of these puppet masters are detailed in Chapter Five and
should be read by Storytellers only.

The second type of faction includes the internal cliques
of NSA agents. Each of these camps is aware to varying
degrees of the threat posed by the controlling supernatural
forces, but they are for the most part more interested in
battling each other. No one who is in-the-know trusts
anyone else in the NSA; suspicion and paranoia are epidemi
Some of these groups are engaged in desperate and failing
rear-guard actions against the unseen puppet masters.

-e more than a


OS fl "a

InternalFactions

Most NSA agents are completely oblivious to the
existence of the supernatural, Some, however, have realized
that the agency has been infiltrated and are doing their best
to resist outside influences. These are isolated individuals,
and each operates under the assumption that they (or their
small clique) are the only ones aware of the threat. The NSA
isa vast and faceless bureaucracy, which doesnoteven admit
to the possibility of the supernatural. Even to mentioning
such a thing would be to commit professional suicide, or
worse. Because of this climate, there is no cooperation
between these groups of resistors. In fact, when they do meet
they are more intent on turning against each other than in
joining to face the true threats from without.

The Gordian Knot

The Gordian Knot is a small group, consisting of some
of the NSA's best scientific and analytical minds. Ostensibly
they are much like the Technocracy mages in their outlook.
Like the Technocracy, they believe that all technology
should be under the control of an elite priesthood, who
would dole out new developments to the people as they
deem appropriate. The difference is in who they think that
priesthood should be (them).

Only the most promising and dedicated scientists are
asked to join the Gordian Knot. The organization's power
has recently extended beyond the confines of the NSA; the
group now boasts adherents in government, academe and
industry (they even have aspy in Pentex). They are essentially
Technocracy wannabes, but are completely unaware of the
real Technocracy and its role in the government. They do
know of the other supernatural groups in the NSA and
consider them to be threats. They are also aware of the
Goddam' Magpeyes, and plan to shut them down. Although
puny in comparison to the Technocracy, the Gordian Knot
is methodical, incisive and growing in power and influence.

TheNeo-Luddites

The Neo-Luddites are the smallest of the factions that
recognize the presence of the supernatural in the NSA. Like
their 19th-century namesakes, they believe that technology
is inherently damaging to society. The clique intends to use
the NSA (the epitome of technology itself) to put an end to
humanity's adoration of science, although they must
grudgingly concede to using the "tools of the oppressors" in
order to achieve their ends. Members of this faction are
primarily armchair theoreticians who have done little thus
far to put their beliefs into practice. The only supernatural
group that they have knowledge of is the Technocracy; they
hate it with a passion. It is, of course, far too vast and
powerful for them to understand, let alone challenge.

The Goddam' Magpeyes

Burning the midnight oil in the bowels of the NSA
information construct are the Goddam' Magpeyes. Each
member of this loose-knit fraternity is a dedicated hacker of

the highest caliber. Their mission is the acquisition and
dissemination of information. They got their name when
one of their detractors (not realizing their true nature)
referred to the arcana collectors as "those Goddam' magpies."
The name stuck with just a slight change of spelling, to
represent their search for knowledge.

Some of the Magpeyes are engaging personalities, while
others are social misfits. Most of the members practically live
at the NSA; they know more about its computer system than
just about anybody. Philosophically, they feel that
information shouldn't be bottled up; they believe it is a
commodity to be traded for other information. They have
leaked some NSA information to outside groups (highly
illegal) and have come up with some ingenious ways to
circumvent the agency's security measures. Magpeyes are
always looking for new contacts and can be an excellent
source of information, if approached properly.

Very few people in the NSA, beyond its command staff,
have even heard of Delphi. To those who are aware of it,
Delphi seems a small, autonomous interagency information-
gathering service. Who they are gathering information for is
a much-debated mystery in the top echelons of the NSA.
Despite Delphi's nebulous nature they are not challenged
very frequently, as they always seem to have the appropriate
security clearances.

Regulators

The Regulators are a shadowy, interagency enforcement
branch of the NSA. As with Delphi, the agents wonder
where the Regulators' authority comes from. Regulator
agents almost invariably dress in black and are always heavily
armed. The NSA rumor mill has attributed several agent
deaths and disappearances to this faction. The scope of their
authority evidently exceeds the borders of the NSA, as they
have been linked to enforcement activities in other
government agencies as well. The Regulators have an
uncanny ability to disappear in the aftermath of a shooting.

The Grow's Nest

The Crow's Nest is rumored to be some sort of training
ground for spies, but little else is known about it. Few in the
NSA have even heard of it, but occasionally a particularly
gifted (or troublesome) agent is summoned for "advanced
training" there.

Facilities

The NSA's primary facility is its 1,000-acre complex at
Fort George Mead in the Washington suburbs of Maryland.
This sprawling glass-and-concrete structure is the largest
and most advanced "information factory" in the world. The
facility is a city unto itself and contains such unexpected
servicesas barbershops, doctors' offices, a library anda travel

agency. It has its own police force (in salmon-colored cars),
college, television station, movie production studio and

Curren Tunte: NSA 45

x

several theatres. Its post office handles over 18,000 pieces of
mail every day. All of this is kept running by energy from its
own power station, which could supply a city of 50,000!

TheNSA hasasecondary complexat Elkridge Landing
Road, about 12 milesnorth of Fort Mead, near the Baltimore-
Washington "Friendship" International Airport. It shares
this equally well-protected, twin-towered facility with
NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration).
This complex is formally known as FANX (Friendship
Annex), but is half-jokingly referred to as the Friendship
"leper colony" by the NSA agents stationed there, a
reflection of their sense of having 2nd-class status in
comparison to their Fort Mead colleagues. The NSA also
has a number of tertiary facilities with varied security
profiles. Several of these are wholly under the control of
outside supernatural forces.

Security

The NSA security system is ingeniously designed and
carefully executed. By necessity, both of the NSA's major
facilities are protected by numerous lines of defense. The
complexes are surrounded by a 10-foot-high cyclone fence
topped with multiple rows of barbed wire, inside of which
isasecond barrier charged with enough voltage to harm the
most hardy of Garou. A third cyclone fence follows, this
one regularly patrolled by guards with dogs. The area is also
protected by a highly advanced grid of sensors, camerasand
motion detectors. Cameras with infrared capabilities and

telephoto lenses are planted on the roofs of the buildings to
monitor the grounds. (Due to the technological nature of

the facilities, the Weaver is very stronger here; the Gauntlet
in the area is 10.)

Any visitors to the facility are carefully screened and
escorted at all times. Cameras are ubiquitous inside the
buildings as well, and every door requires the use of an
electronic pass key. There are numerous procedural, as well
as technological, safeguards to trip up impostors (passwords,
security protocols, etc.). Because the NSA is so highly
compartmentalized, no one outside of the very top echelon
is conversant with all of the security procedures.

Perhaps the ‘A's greatest defense, however, is
unintentional. The very nature of the department is so
obscure and byzantine that even if the department were to
be infiltrated, it ishighly unlikely that the spy would be able
to find what he was looking for. Virtually all of the NSA's
most important information is kept in encrypted code,
decipherable by only a handful of people across the country.
Ironically, the NSA's final line of defense springs from its
greatest weakness. The department has been infiltrated by
several powerful supernatural agencies. Each of these has
staked out its own turf, which it jealously protects from
other supernatural groups or individuals.

TempestRatings

Most of the NSA's equipment has been Tempest
Rated, or hardened to external influences. This is done to

guard against EMP (Electro-Magnetic Pulse) in the event
of a nuclear war and to protect it from electronic
eavesdropping. Tempest Rated devices suppress excess
radiation through a number of means: electrical screening,
shielding, fiber optics instead of conventional wiring, etc.
Such devices serve a practical use in that they put out and
receive less electrical noise, making them much harder to
listen in on, control or jam.

Computers

While not up to the standards set by the Technocracy
or the Virtual Adepts, the NSA's computer network beats
almost everyone else's. At the center of this gigantic
information network are two discreet systems which act as
the rightand left hemispheresof the agency's brain. Handling
the day-to-day chores of the NSA's analytical needs is the
left-brained Carillon-7 system. Carillon-7 is a series of
highly advanced smaller systems, which are used for all
number crunching and general information purposes.
Carillon-7 is accessible in varying degrees to every agency
employee, and is connected via modem toall NSA facilities.
It is, of course, Tempest Rated.

More advanced is the agency's right hemisphere
Lodestone-4 computer. It is located under heavy guard in
the bowels of Fort Meade and available only toa select few.
Lodestone-4 is capable of processing trillions of functions
per second, and is used by the agency to chart and predict
societal macrotrends. This computer system also allows in-
the-know agents to chart the actions of the supernatural
community. Several agents, using Lodestone predictions,
have come upon something very big, data which points to
acoming Armageddon, according to recent trends which
appear to be fulfilling ancient prophecies. Most of these
agents do not believe in the original prophecies, and thus
view the computer's prediction as a mere "war game," a play
end-times scenario. But others, such as Edwards, are not so
sure.

Over the past decade, the NSA has weaned itself from
Sunburst Enterprises technology in favor of companies like
IBM, Motorola and Cray. Pentex is extremely upset about
this and has asked its allies in the NSA to find out why.

Personalities
Dr. Emil Zotos (AKA The Magic Czar)

To those in the NSA who have knowledge of the
supernatural, Dr. Zotos presents more than a minor mystery.
Zotos continues a family tradition in the paraintelligence
arena, originating with his grandfather at the beginning of
the century. No one is really sure just what Zotos' position
is, but he has the highest of security clearances and the
obvious favor of the upper echelon. It is said by some that
Zotos has deep connections with the supernatural
community, but these rumors are unsubstantiated.

46 Prosect Twiueat


General Clifford

General Clifford is a graduate of the Citadel, and is a
veteran of both the Korean and Vietnam wars. Now in his
late sixties, Clifford was preparing to retire two years ago,
butin the course of his investigation ofagent Bruce Higgins,
he stumbled upon evidence of the existence of the Sabbat.
Any notion of retirement was put on hold. Though at this
point he would prefer to be at home enjoying life with his
wife and grandchildren, he deems this information too
important to be ignored.

Surprisingly, he has been somewhat rejuvenated by his
experience in the NSA, and finds his work both exciting
and challenging. Several trusted subordinates do all of his
leg work for him while he coordinates their efforts. Still in
the information-gathering stage, he has only a general idea
of the threat posed by the Sabbat, and he seeks to learn
more. Clifford isa competent cryptographer, buthis primary
strength is in leadership. He has sent agents undercover to
other intelligence organizations (FBI, CIA) to learn the
extent of supernatural control in those agencies. He is also
desperately seeking allies to help him stem the tide at the
NSA. Felicity Price would be a natural choice, but the two
do not yet know about each other.

Felicity Price

Felicity Price, a subdirector of DIB, has recently come
tosuspect that her fellow subdirectors, Higginsand Edwards,
are compromised by supernatural forces, and she is now
investigating. She has three subordinates who also know of
her suspicions. Together they work as a self-appointed
police force to tid the NSA of all supernatural influence.
Price is easily the most intelligent and subtle of the DIB
subdirectors. She keeps her eyes open for potential allies
and enemies. (See The Hunters Hunted for more
information on her.)

Maurice Edwards

Edwards is a long time agent of DIB. He is also a
compulsive gambler, which has made him a prime target for
manipulation by outside groups. He is investigating Price
and Higgins, whom he suspects to have been compromised
by vampires. (See The Hunters Hunted for more
information on him.)

Bruce Higgins

Higgins is a long-time agent of DIB. He suspects that
Price is somehow secretly working with vampires. Both
men are investigating each other as covertly as possible, all
the while acting as if nothing is going on. (See The
Hunters Hunted for more information on him.)

Cuapten Taree: NSA



And ye shall know the ruth
And the truth shall set you free
John, VIIL32, inscription
headquarters, Langley, VA

in the main lobby at CIA

For some time, I have been disturbed by the way the CIA has been diverted
from its original assignment. It has become an operational arm and at times a
policy making arm of the government,

President Harry S. Truman, December 1963

| CIA has)been blithely unaware 6f the supeffatural
out its history (fourded 1947)| althoughliféyhas
rently crossed Ba) /2, sapernatural being al
Fale occasions In partieulaxgshe agency had someanasty
dhs regis Brijali-run haethe Height of the COUN Ay.
Iepas en had aseties of g ations with other supernattirally
bade' « ‘sty sive" ‘groups, Sach as he C Children 96 Gaia the

ge CIA hvala Tring allied isl
ipgigbygrpnibnactivityin Europe,
following theend of World WAAL Tn noone of thé'e instances,

however, did the CEA guess what they wereréally dealing with

Cuapren Four

In fact, only one agent in lower management has learned much
about the supernatural: Bob Schnoblin. He has tried to alert his
superiors to the situation and has thus been labeled something
of a crank.

In addition to its legitimate mission of intelligence
gathering, the CIA has a history of subverting elections in
foreign countries, engaging in sabotage, spying on its own
citizens, performing illicit medical and pharmaceutical
experimentson both its own agents and American citizens, and
committing murder both at home and abroad.

Security and Facilities

The CIA is housed in a large, high-security building
in Langley, Virginia. Its security measures are roughly
analogous to those of SAD, although their ignorance of
the supernatural proves to be a distinct disadvantage, as
they cannot defend against it very well.


THE
MYSTERIOUS
THREE (7)

THE
"SEVEN"
CLANS

OF THE
EUTHANATOS

Qader) | szapow

LORDS,

THE
WEREWOLF
=

ORDER
MOR the bla
CHSRO sabbat
AMERICAN]
THE INDIAN

VAMPIRE
wows

Ben & \[#INDUS
Jerry's

Prosect Twiuent


Bob Schnoblin

Bob Schnoblin is the only agent in the CIA who knows the
real truth about the supematural. To new agents, he comes off as
a latter-day Van Helsing. Chapter Five has more information
about this real American hero (Storyteller's only).

The Center for Disease Control (CDC)

Based in Atlanta, Georgia, the CDC is charged with the
of monitoring outbreaks of disease throughout the nation. It hasin
recent years charted a number of troubling and unexplainable
trends in both the demographics of existing diseases, and the
appearance of several hitherto unknown pathogens. A recent
upsurge in the incidence of AIDS in groups commonly considered
"low risk" has received attention in the news media over the last
few months; the CDC, however, has already spent several years
monitoring this puzzling trend. The disease is actually spread by
vampires who, while themselves immune to the virus, are more
and more frequently becoming carriers of HIV.

The CDC research team investigating this matter, led by Dr.
Marisa Fletcher (see also The Hunter's Hunted) is close to
uncovering the truth.

The Drug Enforcement
Adminis ration (OH

tural organizations
hough it does not

come into direct ¢
that are involve
recognize the trud
concentrated its

Stat al Local calPolice

When considered en masse the police forces of the nation
have more information about the supernatural than any other
group. This knowledge is fragmented, however, as individual
police around the country almost never report theit findings and
there are few networks between police departments. Supernatural

organ shave found it tobe an easy matter to bribe, threaten,
coopt, orkill individual officers to ensure their silence. Thus most
oftheofficersin-the-knowaresolitary, troubled and often paranoid

individuals.

The Department of Defense

The United Stasipitfitary ind&s@tah complex is the most
advanced and expegy ithe worldsENer with the downsizing
that followed th ext the Cold War, the Ypitary sill consumes
fain trust. Research

Pil dem opmeat
are some high-ranki

The Three Branches

Ironic isn't it, Smithers? This anonymous clan of slack-
jawed troglodytes have cost me the election. Yet if 1 was to have
them killed, I would be the one to go to jail! That's democracy for
you.

— Montgomery Burns, The Simpsons

Congress

Congress is the legislative branch of the government,
responsible for passing the laws that govern the nation. Many
members of both the House and Senate are dedicated public
servants with the bestinterestsofthepeopleatheart. Unfortunately,
in the World of Darkness, ifnotalso in the real world, the Congress
hasa long history of serving the will of special interests, whose only
credentials are the funds to buy a congressional ear. This trend has
increased precipitously of late. The voice of the people has become
increasingly inaudible against a background cacophony of high-
priced lobbyists, astro-turf campaigns, minute-to-minute polls,
and the jingle of change as money is handed over in exchange for
favors and influence. Big corporations are not the only power
brokers lining up in the so-called Gucci Gulf.

The Supreme Court

The Supreme Court has had very little contact with the
supematural world, Although various paranormal beings have
supported orscuttled nominations to the Courtoverthe years, they
have been unable to infiltrate this branch of the government. The
Court's involvementmaybeacrucial matterin the future, however;
if the existence of the supernatural is ever made public there will
be major legal and constitutional ramifications to address. The
proven existence of such creatures as wraiths and vampires (who
are dead, after all) will confuse the basic principle of "life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness." Ifa Garou killsa vampire because he
is "ofthe Wyrm," isita crime of hate? Ist even murder? Is making
someone Blood Bound a form of slavery? Do Garou violate the
leash laws? Should all supernaturals be herded into camps and
exterminated?

ThePresident

supernatural. This
intelligence czars
done everything
from the Presid

hisown political af
both asked for gov
seemed to make it
about little green men
all but the Storyteller.

ere in

ent t information'

agan reportedly
IFO's, but itnever

rkness is a mystery to

Guaprer Four 51

x



Thischapterlaysouttheelementsnecessary forrunning
a government agency-based hunters game. Detailed here
are thoughts on theme and mood, as well as some chronicle
ideas the Storyteller may wish to use. The chapter also
contains notes on the nature of the Masquerade and the
Veil and on Garou involvement in the government, along
with in-depth profiles (the real story) of many of the
personalities and organizations mentioned in earlier
chapters. In addition there is a brief discussion of the
nature and organization of paraintelligence agencies in
other countries. The final section reveals the truth (or at
least as much of it as we're allowed to print) about the
secret puppet masters.

Theme

Inagovernment hunters game there are many possible
motifs from which the Storyteller may choose. Three basic
themes, however, should be considered above all:

Mystery: From the rich tribal traditions of the Garou
to the byzantine and highly ritualistic power games of the
Kindred, the world of the supernatural is intricate almost
beyond description. To the government agent who observes

SE

Red

only small, isolated pieces of this tapestry, it will appear
yand confusing. The Storytellershould encourage the
characters to create their own theories about what is really
happening. If the players are not incorrect in their
conclu
going wrong in your game. Ultimately the player's
perceptions in the game should be quite different from what
they read in the rulesbooks

mu

ions at least 75% of the time, then something is

Horror: Another element is horror. Even when
compared with the least-powerful supernatural creature, a
normal human is relatively weak and defenseless. The
Delirium (a side effect) is enough to reduce most humans to
gibbering wrecks, leaving them at the mercy of the Garou.
Most Kindred view humans as mere foodstuff. The
Storyteller should constantly reinforce just how vulnerable
most humansare, and how tenuous their hold on reality and
sanity in the face of this essential weakness.

Paranoia: You're not paranoid if they're really out to
get you. They are. Rampant paranoia is a time-honored
tradition in any government conspiracy theory and should
be a central theme in a government agency-based hunters
game. The sources of this paranoia must be subtle. Something

Guapten Five: STORYTELLING 53


a 2

thatisonly one degree offkilter can bea lot more disturbing
than something that is obviously wrong (and hence can be
addressed). Ifthe Storyteller doesher ob right, the characters
should be turning in ever-smaller circles in an attempt to
watch their backs. "Trust no one."

Hunting the supernatural is a dark business, fraught
with much possible danger. These creatures are not only
more powerful than the hunters who track them, but are
also fundamentally different in their outlook. Many
supernatural beings are capable of atrocities that would
make the most vicious serial killers wince.

This is not entirely fair; humans have, afterall, killed far
more of their own kind than all the supernatural killers put
together. Nevertheless, the task the hunter faces is perilous
indeed. The game should be one of constant obstacles,
pitfalls, and near-misses, although the Storyteller should
also allow the characters a few moments of lightness and
even humor, so that the mood is not constantly oppressive.

Another approach is to have the agents discover that
not all supernatural entities are the blood-thirsty monsters
they expect them tobe. Indeed, some embody the best ideals
of the human condition. The most importantaspect of mood
in a government hunters game, however, is mystery. The
Storyteller should know what is going on but the players
should have to fight for every meager scrap of information.
Alll of the actions taken by the hunter's adversaries should
suggest several contradictory possibilities.

Chronicle Ideas

Below are several conflicts in which the characters may
find themselves embroiled.

Agents vs. Vampires

The government is under the delusion that it knows a
lot about the Kindred. In reality, it has seen only its surface
elements, The Kindred control the most byzantine and
treacherous multigenerational political scene in the world
(Machiavelli was an amateur in comparison). Any real harm
inflicted upon the Kindred's body politic will be answered in
kind, not only against the individual agent, but also against
the agency itself. This riposte will usually be so subtle that
the victim will not only be unable to track its source but will
even be unaware that anything has happened to him — at
least for a few years. Agents who become involved in the
Kindred's' schemes will find themselves frequently looking
over their shoulders, never knowing whom to trust.

Agents vs. Werewolves

The Garou area total mystery to the government. Little
atall is known about them. Field agents who investigate the
Garou will be in the bold forefront of government
intelligence, sometimes having even more information than

theit commanders. They may find the Garou to be vicious
monsters, or they may become converts to the Garou's cause,
and thus be forced to question their own loyalties.

Agents vs. Mages

Evenmore than the Camarilla, the Technocracy requires
that the secrets of the supernatural never be exposed to light
The Chantry views itself as a benign, ordered entity that
holds the forces of chaos at bay. Some agents may find
themselves in sympathy with this position. The Technocracy
has a strong influence over the government, and thus very
little information about mages of any sorthas managed to get
out. The Tradition mages are virtually unknown to most
government agencies, and the American government has
yet tocome into conflict with the Nephandi or the Marauders
(luckily for the government). Agents investigating any
group of mages will find themselves in unknown territory.

Agents vs. Wraiths

Wraiths do not share humanity's physical world and
thus are even more obscure and mysterious than the afore-
mentioned groups. The relationship between wraiths and
the government has not (at least as far as the government
knows) been an adversarial one. Most of the wraith-hunting
that the government has been involved in so far has been
with cameras, although this may soon change.

Agents vs. the Government

‘The characters may be forced to confront the reality that
the government has its own agenda. This agenda includes not
letting its field agents know too much. From day one, the
Storyteller should hine that the government is keeping dark
secrets from the agents. The characters should be made to
realize that they are working for a huge, faceless and almost
impenetrable bureaucracy. Ultimately, any agentwhoendangers
National Security (or the Regulators' definition of it) is
"regrettably" expendable. How evil the Storyteller wants to
make the government in her own chronicle is, of course, up to
her. Libertarians: Knock yourselves out.

Agents vs. Other Horrors

Vampires, werewolves, and mages (oh, my!) are not the
only horrors in the World of Darkness. There are othercreatures
lurking in the shadows. Many of these are malignant and
unspeakable beyond belief. Such monsters are disorganized,
solitary creatures and are often less adept at hiding their
existence than the Kindred or Garou. They may include Banes,
possessed serial killers, or even UFO's. For a good selection of
these creatures, see The Book of the Wyrm (for Werewolf),
The Book of Madness (for Mage) and the Werewolf
Storyteller's Handbook.

The Masquerade versus the Veil

One would assume that the Kindred, with all their guile
and subtlety, would be more adept at masking their presence
from humanity than the unsubtle Garou. In theory, this is

Proseet Twiuieat


notabad assumption. As creatures of civilization the Kindred
have insinuated themselves into many aspects of society and
wield considerable control over its institutions. This gives
them the power to cover any but the most blatant
transgressions committed by their less discreet members.
Over the centuries, the Kindred have come to understand
what humans expect and have shaped their behavior
accordingly. Some younger Kindred entertain the belief that
they could survive the destruction of the Masquerade, either
by making themselves the overlords of humanity (many
Sabbat feel this way), or by living in peaceful coexistence
with humans. Older Kindred, however, have learned a hard
lesson from the Inquisition; they understand the ramifications
of a breech in the Masquerade all to well, and enforce its
provisions under penalty of Final Death. This applies not
only to any Kindred who break the Masquerade's strictures,
but also to any mortals who have stumbled across the secret.

Ultimately, however, the Masquerade is merely an
artificial societal construct, and as such is prone to fault lines
and fractures. The Camarilla has its hands full just in trying
to plug the hundreds of leaks which have sprung from its
precarious structure.

Most Garou, on the otherhand, are anything but subtle.
A Wyrm-enraged werewolf will often attack any moving
object in sight with little thought of the consequences.
Fortunately forthe Garou (and for the humans), the Delirium
serves to guard against this occurring too frequently. The
Delirium is an inherent and primordial response, as old as
the human race itself, Most humans who observe a Garou in
its form of Rage (Crinos) will either flee in abject terror or
become paralyzed with fear, after which the human will
construct an adaptive rationale (the Veil), to protect his
fragile ego from the frightening reality of such creatures. The
Delirium is a survival mechanism for humans. An enraged
Garou involved in mortal combat will typically consider a
fleeing or unmoving human to be harmless and ignore him.
Additionally, Garou tribal structure is insular and its secret
customs are well protected by its human Kinfolk

A Kindred body isa good piece of evidence that vampires
exist (especially if it is just in torpor, and can be revived for
questioning), but once a werewolf dies it reverts to its breed
form and is indistinguishable from an ordinary dead human
or wolf. The only exception to this rule is a dead metis, for
a metis will revert back to its Crinos form. This makes the
metis valuable prizes for Garou hunters and all the more
despised by their fellow Garou (as if they needed another
reason) because of the problems it causes. Garou will make
a special effort to recover the body of any metis, lest it fall
into the hands of the authorities. Finally, despite their
idiosyncrasies, most Garou just fit into human society better
than Kindred (they can go out in the day, breath, eat, look
more human, etc.). All together, these factors have allowed
Garou to mingle with humanity with an ease that the
Kindred can only envy.

The Storytellershould realize thatunAwakened human
characters are just as susceptible to the Delirium as any other

spectator. Unless the agent is somehow immune to the
Delirium (if he has very high Willpower, Numina of three or
more, or isa Garou Kinfolk), a first-time confrontation with
Garou is going to be a terrifying experience, in which the
agents will almost certainly be rendered impotent. (See the
Delirium Chart, in the Werewolf rulesbook).

The Storyteller should use bizarre and surreal imagery
to describe the encounter. Relate how time seems to slow to
acrawl, how icy skeleton fingers grab at the character's spine
and howsweat feels like cold jelly rollingdown the character's
face. Afterwards, encourage the players to write the meeting
off as an encounter with wild dogs, or as a bad dream.
Characters who are immune to the Delirium (they should be
rare) will have a hard time convincing the others of the
truth, since those affected will resist believing in the reality
of the encounter.

Since the game is no fun if the characters pass out every
time the antagonists show up, players should become
somewhat more resistant to the Delirium with subsequent
encounters. Each additional encounter allows the character
an extra Willpower point for the purpose of resisting the
Delirium, up to a total of three.

Very few people will everbe blas¢ about theirencounters
with the Garou. There are certain drugs available, however,
which will block the receptor sites for adrenaline. This
lowers the fear response and helps a character to think
carefully in stressful situations. Just remember that there is
an evolutionary reason for the Delirium; fear of werewolves
is not necessarily a bad thing.

The Garou Dilemma

Of the three supernatural groups who interact regularly
with humankind (vampires, werewolves, mages), the Garou
have the least control over its governing institutions. This
has created a unique dilemma for them. Powerful as they are
individually, the Garou are virtually powerless as a force in
society. They ruminate bitterly about the encroachments of
the Wyrm and the Weaver which accompany (cause?)
human progress, yet most of them show a distinct lack of
ability for, or interest in, taking control of the most effective
instruments of change, namely institutions such as
government, industry, religion, and the media. Instead, they
initiatea violentand increasingly desperate rear-guard action
against the juggernaut of societal reformation. The
werewolves now find themselves in a position similar to that
of many indigenous peoples: faced with a mass culture that is
nearly overwhelming and which they cannot control.

This fault can be attributed to the basic nature of the
Garou. They are direct creatures, not well versed in the subtle
intricacies of persuasion and lacking in the patience for long-
term planning (they are prone to frenzy). Additionally, many
Garow hold human institutions in contempt, viewing them as
corrupt creations of the Wyrm and Weaver. Garou seek to
maintain their "purity" by removing themselves from the
tainted body politic.

Guapren Five: Stonyrewuing 55

<s

mmo

Of the thirteen Garou tribes, only four have proven
themselves to be a real factor in American political life. Of
these the Glass Walkers and the Children of Gaia are easily
the most active. The Glass Walkers are for the most part
involved on the local city level, and have financed and
controlled much of the old-style, party machine politics of
past decades. They work primarily in the rust bele states and
the industrial northeast, and just recently have become
active on the west coast as well. The Children of Gaia have
always had a strong power base in left-of-center, grass-roots
political organizing. Although they have had problems in
utilizing this base in recent years, there are signs that they are
now on the upswing.

The Silver Fangs and the Shadow Lords are usually too
busy battling each other for control of the Garou tribal
structure to pay much attention to outside matters, but there
are occasional exceptions. Ironically, the patrician, blue-
blooded Silver Fangs were a strong force behind the political
left's greatest success this century, the New Deal. It is even
rumored by some that the Kennedy clan are Silver Fang
Kinfolk. The Silver Fang are still a factor in the northeast,

Many Shadow Lord Kinfolk — and the Shadow Lords
with them—are recentarrivals to the United States, having
fled from their communist governments in Central Europe,
Their anticommunist sentiments have translated into near-
unanimous support for the political right. While not yet
highly influential, their power is growing. At least one
member of the House of Representatives is a Shadow Lord
Kinfolk; recent Republican gains have the Shadow Lords
flying high.

Perhaps the most dynamic Garou involved in politics
todayare the multitribal group called the Monkeywrenchers,
‘Asa result of their war with Pentex, many of them have
become politically involved and are working to increase the
political clout of all Garou, Other, less influential tribes
involved in the American political scene include the
Wendigo and the Uktena (through their affiliation with
AIM), the Black Furies in the feminist movement and the
Bone Gnawers' advocacy of homeless issues.

The FBI

Supernatural Conflicts with the
COINTELPROs

Although the FBI \is by-and-large ignorant of the
supernatural, its COINTELPROs have inadvertently aroused
an astonishing degree of acrimony from various supernatural
groups. The FBI's investigations into AIM have angered
both the Wendigo and the Uktena. The Bureau has also
become the brunt of hostility from the Brujah, Black Furies,
Children of Gaiaand the Cult of Eestasy, with consequences
that range from the deadly to the comical. The FBI's most
consistentopposition, however, hascome froman unexpected

Prosect Twitieit

source, Because of its Hollywood investigations and the
blacklisting of the forties and fifties, the FBI has raised the
ire of the vampire Toreador clan. Over the years, the
Toreadors have not missed a single chance to make the FBI
look bad, and the result has been a steady decrease in the
Bureau's popularity and funding. The FBI is a more
beleaguered organization in the World of Darkness than itis
in our own.

SAD Discipline (Sanctioning)

The greatest danger to department rule-breakers comes
not from departmental disciplinary action, but from forces
outside of SAD itself. The NSA subgroup the Regulators
acts as a secret police for all paraintelligence groups in the
U.S. government. They have little compunction about
killing wayward agents if they decide that national security
interests are at risk. Cynthia Forrest has the secret authority
to "flag" any individual whom she feels has not been dealt
with appropriately by SAD's disciplinary process (she has
done so at least once). Osbourne doesn't know about this,
and would be greatly opposed if he found out, though he
would have no real power to put an end to the process.

The Virtual Adepts and SAD

In light of their ability to use computers, the Adepts
have had little trouble breaking into the department's
computer system to remove or rearrange information. Several
enterprising Adepts have even gone so far as to install a "trip
switch" (see Virtual Adepts Tradition Book), which calls
out a SAD investigation team whenever the Adepts are
cornered by the Technocracy (who will usually abort a
mission when there are Sleeper witnesses around). The
department has begun to grow suspicious of these "prank
phone calls," and although SAD has not been able to root
out the computer mole, procedural safeguards have been put
in place to lessen the impact of the intrusions.

The Grubbholb Case

In the brief moments that he saw the wolf with Tandi's
choker around its neck, Senator Grubbholb's suspicions
were confirmed. The senator is a Garou Kinfolk, but he
believes his heritage to be a curse. Although the scourge had
skipped several generations, it has now returned with a
vengeance. Grubbholb has not told Osbourne thathe knows
his granddaughter is Garou, or that he knows her tribal
affiliation. A pack of mendicant Fianna has claimed Tandi
and she is now wandering the country with a heavy-metal
band. SAD agents have been given photos of her and are
instructed to bring her in unharmed. Tandi has made drastic
changes to her appearance, however, and she will be difficult
to track down.

SAD Personalities

Here are detailed Traits and personality profiles for
most of SAD's command staff.

Ee


Gerald Osbourne

Position: Director

Rank: 6

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Confidant

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Computer 3, Covert Culture 3, Investigation 4, Law 4, Occult 3, Politics 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Fellow FBI agents), Contacts 5, Influence 4 (Federal police powers of investigation), Resources 4

Numina: None

Merits/Flaws: Top Secret Access, Agency Insider, Common Sense, Political Ties/ Bad Sight

Willpower: 6

Image: Osbourne is a small, unassuming man in his late forties. He wears thick glasses, sports a black mustache and has
thinning hair with a noticeable bald spot (he is Mr. Whipple in asuit). His appearance gives the deceptive impression to those
who first meet him that he is just another Washington bureaucrat.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite your roly-poly appearance, you are a tough, tenacious and cool-headed leader. You are
intelligent and savvy when it comes to leading the department, and know how to look out for its interests in a larger political
context. Well-versed in working the system, you have
a wide net of political connections, as well as a clear
idea of where you want the department to go. Although
your managementstyle appears at first to be somewhat
detached, you are very perceptive; few things that go
onin the department escape your notice. You suspect
treachery from both Forrest and Fiske, butare currently
following the old axiom about "...keeping your
enemies closer." Your most trusted associate here is
Alan Kenchlow, whom you have known for many
years. To your way of thinking, the supernatural is not
inherently evil, but it is an unknown; as a pragmatist
you realize that steps must be taken to guard against it.
You have made a great effort to learn everything you
possibly can about the occult.

Background: Osbourne comes from a
conservative, midwestern political background. He
has handled all of the posts to which he has been
appointed in an honest and competent manner, and
thus has gained a number of powerful friends in
politics, including former President George Bush. He
was appointed to the Assistant Directorship of SAD
by the head of the FBI, who did not trust the former
Director. In spite of this, however, Osbourne had
nothing to do with Thomasson's ouster and defended
him up to the time that Thomasson was dragged
violent and ranting from the department's offices.
Recently Osbourne's son, Michael, who was also a
SAD agent, died while investigating the Evanstown
massacre (see Top Ten Most Wanted list in Chapter
Two). Gerald Osbourne has become a fanatic about
finding his son's killers.

Quote: Good work. I'll expect a full report and all

supporting documentation on my desk by 08:00. GeraldOsbourne

Guapren Five: StonyTeLuine 57

hy

2 — PE < 7.


Cynthia Forrest (a.k.a. the "Ice Queen")

Position: Assistant Director

Rank: SAD 5/ NSA 5 (Red Stripe Clearance; Colonel)

Nature: Autist/Manipulator

Demeanor: Critic

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Firearms 3, Security 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Covert Culture 4, Cryptology 3, Investigation 4, Linguistics 2 (French, Russian), Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (FBI and NSA), Contacts 5 (Dr. Zotos), Influence 4, Resources 4

Numina: None

Merits/Flaws: License to Kill, Top Secret Access, Agency Insider, Inter-Agency Permit, Eidetic Memory/ Vengeance

(Kindred), Dark Secret

Willpower: 9

Image: A slender, almost gaunt woman in her late thirties, Cynthia looks the part ofa stern corporate CEO. She has long black
hair flecked with white, which she wears in a severe, pulled-back style. She dresses conservatively, primarily in black or charcoal
gray, with glasses that are tapered almost to the point of being cat-eyed, Cynthia is a formidable presence and is not frequently
challenged.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't feel the least bit guilty about the fact that you are an NSA agent sent to spy on and manipulate
SAD. The department is clearly an important player and will serve as an excellent lightning rod to divert attention away from the
NSA's much deeper involvement with the supernatural. You area born spy, adept at spinning multiple layers of fiction around you
so that no one can guess your true motivations. You make an excellent Assistant Director and will continue to back Osbourne until
such a time (if it ever occurs) that he becomes expendable. Some would call you ruthless, but you prefer the term efficient.

Background: Cynthia's mother died in childbirth, and Cynthia's father raised her alone. She lived in France, where her father,
aCIA agent whom she idolized, was stationed until he was killed by the Soviets (or more specifically the Brujah). When Cynthia
discovered who was responsible for her father's death, she followed him into the CIA, and was attached for a time to the CIA's
nascent and pathetic version of SAD.

Frustrated by the agency's ineptitude,
Cynthia sought contacts elsewhere.

Eventually she met with the NSA's Dr.
Zotos, who promised her an opportunity
for revenge against the Kindred and an
outlet forher patriotism. Cynthiareceived
extensive training from the NSA/
Technocracy espionage group called the
Crow's Nest and isa protégé of Dr. Zotos.

She was planted in SAD, where a
combination of excellent performance
and subtle manipulation rocketed her to
hercurrent position. Because of her great
degree of animosity toward the Kindred,
Cynthia is somewhat disposed to leave
the Garou alone. She doesn't much care
forFiskeand will not hesitate toeliminate
him if he gets in her way. Cynthia favors
a high-tech approach against SAD; she
was a former participant in the NSA's
satellite spy program, Project Indigo.

Despite, or perhaps because of, her
propensity forspyingon others Cynthia isan
intensely private individual. She doesn't
socialize.

Quotes Your efficiency rating is down
2.5%, but [have away you can improve it.

Listen.


<

f= = 4

Martin Fiske

Position: Internal Security Chief
Rank
Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Honest Abe/ Bravo/ Confidant

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Drive 3, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Security 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Covert Culture 1, Investigation 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (FBI and Pentex), Contacts 3, Influence 4, Resources 4

Numina: None

Merits/Flaws: Corporate Ties/ Dark Secret, Intolerance (anyone perceived to be unpatriotic), Overconfident, One Eye, Siege

Mentality, Wyrm Tainted

Willpower: 6

Image: Imagine G. Gordon Liddy's idealized version of himself, but add an eye patch. Fiske is a large, barrel-chested man in
his late thirties. He has a fierce upturned mustache anda rich, though slightly thinning, head of black hair. Fiske wears a patch over
his left eye and dresses to show off his athletic build. In the field, he likes to wear the uniform of a rugged paramilitary-military
sportsman (leather jacket, combat boots, hunting cap, etc.).

Roleplaying Hints: No one but you knows what the hell they're doing! You are one of the last of the rugged individualists who
made this country great. You are a dead shot with any kind of gun, a crack driver, and God' gift to espionage and women alike. You
can't understand why your last three wives leftyou. In your eyes, the government'sfilled with commie-coddlin', dope-smoking fairies.
The whole country's going down the tubes, but you have powerful friends now and they're going to help you set things right.

Background: Fiske sought to live the Rambo fantasy, but failed. Using forged documents, he joined the army at age 17, but
was never able to rise above the rank of corporal; he was constantly questioning his superiors' orders and lacked resolution in his
decisions. By age thirty, he was discharged for assaulting an officer and hit rock-bottom when he lost an eye in a barroom brawl.
Through a string of circumstances,
he found himself in a Pentex First
Team, where he impressed his
superiors with his brutality and
military demeanor. After instilling
in himasense of manifestdestiny (an
easy task) and changing his military
records, Pentexset himon thecourse
that lead to hispresent position. Fiske
now so thoroughly believes Pentex's
pseudo-version of events (according
to which he lost his eye in a hostage
rescue mission), that he has
straightened out and has actually
become an effective leader. He is
more loyal to Pentex than he is to
SAD

Fiske considers himself a major
player, butitismostlyhisruthlessness
and bravado, along with some help
from Pentex, that has gotten him as
farasheis. While bynomeansstupid,
heisnotnearlyassubtleashebelieves;
compared to Forrest, he's a minnow.
He is careful to avoid contact with
Kenchlow, whoseemstohave guessed
too much about him.

Quote: Extremist? Hell, I'm just
telling it like ici!

Special: Fiske has been
conditioned against the Delirium.
He also carries a Bane fetish which
allows him to see Garou when they
are in the nearby Penumbra.

Cuapren Five: Stonyretuine 59

= Pas _——" Wa,


AlanKenchlow

Position: Research Director

Rank: 4

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Pedagogue

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Music 2, Repair 4, Security 2

Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Bureaucracy 3, Computer4, Covert Culture I, Finance 3, Investigation 4, Linguistics 5 (Welsh, Irish,

French, Latin, Greek), Medicine 4, Occult 4 (wraiths), Science 5 (Molecular Biology)

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (FBI, Arcanum), Influence 3, Contacts 4, Resources 5 (Inherited), Staff 5 (Butler, Chauffeur, Maid,

Nurse, Physical Therapist)

Numina: Telepathy 2 (see The Hunter's Hunted)

Merits/Flaws: Lightning Calculator, Mansion, Time Sense, Eidetic Memory, Computer Aptitude, Medium/ Speech

Impediment, Deformity, Paraplegic

Willpower: 8

Image: A victim of Lou Gehrig's disease, Kenchlow has been wheelchair bound since his childhood. He is an emaciated, frail
man with thin gray hair. Despite his near immobility, his eyes dance with intelligence and energy. Kenchlow is never seen
without his customized wheelchair, and often wears a virtual reality helmet which controls the chair's functions and helps
him in his research. Although mute, Kenchlow is able to communicate via a voice box built into his chair. Unlike most such
devices, this one speaks in a pleasant, well-modulated tone.

Roleplaying Hints: Your body has been a prison for you most of your life, but you donot complain. You have discovered vistas
in your own mind that most people have never even dreamed of. It's been 10 years since your doctor told you you had a year to live:
you wake up again every morning just to confound him. Since you were a child, you have been able to touch the spirit world, and
haveseen many things thatare hidden from the eyes of other humans. You hope, perhaps somewhat naively, to guide the department
(and thusgovernmentpolicy) in thedirection
of peaceful coexistence with thesupernatural.

After all, you've achieved it

Background: Born to a family with a
long tradition of occult interest, Kenchlow
learned to take the supernatural for granted
ashewas growingup. Hisfatherwasamember
of the Golden Dawn, an occult society
founded in Victorian England. Alan has
numerous contacts with other occultists,
hedge magicians and members of the
Arcanum, as well as secret connections with
thespirit world and evena handful of Garou.

He has divulged none of this for fear of what
the department (Fiske in particular) might
do.

Thomasson brought Kenchlow into
the department in the early eighties. He has
done hisduties well, butisselective about the
information he discloses. His mansion has
been in the family since the 1700's and is a
nexus for benign spirit activity (it is a 3rd
level Haunt). Kenchlow himself has
discovered that he is both a minor telepath
and a medium of great skill.

Special: Kenchlow has numerous
sensory devices built into his wheelchair
which effectively sharpen all his senses, as
wellasgive him the ability tosee the infrared
and ultraviolet ends of the visual spectrum.

Thehelmetpiecealsoactsasa videorecorder. Alan Kench low

60 Parogect Twiuient


Va 2 ea none A
Marsha Crowe

Position: East Coast Regional Director

Rank: 4

Nature: Confidant

Demeanor: Director

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 3, Investigation 4, Law 2, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Occult 3, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5 (FBI), Contacts 4, Influence 4, Kinfolk 5 (Silver Fang), Resources 4

Numina: None

Merits/Flaws: Police Ties, Garou Kinfolk, Agency Insider] Dark Secret (Garou Kinfolk)

Willpower: 6

Image: Marsha Crowe is a tall, attractive woman in her early thirties. She has an athletic build and long, wa

blonde hair. Instead of the standard SAD uniform of black and gray, Marsha usually wears s
usually in pastel or natural hues. Her bearing is a mix of New England aristocrat and New York street cop.

reddish-

fter, more feminine clothes,

Roleplaying Hints: You are a woman with a mission. Your father helped to keep the Veil intact when he controlled the
department and you must do the same. You realize, however, that no matter what you do the government will continue to
learn about Garou. When thishappens,
it will be up to you to plead your
people's case in order to prevent an
all-out war between humanity and the
Garou. Marsha knows that Fiske is
Wyrm-tainted, but will not act against
him until she learns who he is working
for. Crowe has worked consistently to
steer the department away from any
encounters with the Garou, or else
failing that, to encourage peaceful
research over violent confrontation.
To this end she has suppressed field
reports, destroyed evidence, diverted
investigations, and warned away
potential subjects of SAD
investigations, She has been more than
marginally successful in slowing down
the government's research into the
Gatou.

Background: Marsha, like her
father, is kin to the New York area
Silver Fang. She has had to battle the
Silver Fang notion that law
enforcement is too common for one of
her high birth, but has finally proven
that her calling is of service to the
Garoucause. Ather father's insistence
Marsha began on the police force
before she joined the FBI and
ultimately SAD, thus affording her a
good deal of "street" experience.

| Marsha Crowe

Cuapren Five: Stonytetuine


George Thomasson

Position: Former Director
Rank: 0
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Fanatic/Director
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 2, Security 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 1, Investigation 4, Law 2, Occult 4, Polities 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Minutemen)
Numina: None
Merits/Flaws: Political Ties/ Nightmares, Vengeance (vampires), Severe Phobia (vampires), Confused, Siege Mentality
Willpower: 7
Image: George Thomasson is a large, gray-haired man in his mid-fifties. He looks as though he had been very fit until just
recently. Now he wears astraight jacket atall timesso that he cannot endanger himself or others. His voice issteely and determined,
but if you listen long enough, you can hear the insanity creeping in. In spite of his words, the look in his eyes is always completely
rational.
Roleplaying Hints: You have been betrayed and locked up in this place, where they torture your body and soul — but they're
not going to break you! You'll get out of here and take your revenge! Now, if only you could get your mind to work right.
Background: Thomasson comes from a military background. Trained at the Citadel, he advanced to the rank of Colonel in
Vietnam, where he was thrice decorated for valor. Back in the States, he tumed his abilities to law enforcement and served in the
FBI'shomicide division, where he distinguished himself further. Itwas here thathe wasconfronted with the a case that would change
hisllfe forever. Assigned to investigate a serial killer who had eluded the police in six states, Thomasson showed a zeal that impressed
his superiors, at least until he filed his final report. He claimed that he had been forced to burn the vicious criminal to death because
bullets did not seem to harm her. The FBI finally concluded that the culprit must have been on PCP and thus was immune to pain.
But Thomasson knew the truth.
The report came to the attention of Charles Horner, who
requested that Thomasson be transferred to SAD. After Horner's
death, Thomasson ran the department aggressively until the
Camarilla ousted him.
Intheasylum, he has been tormented and driven even more
insane, but he still resists in the hope that he might escape. He is
onlyallowed visitors by special permission of theasylum'sdirector,
Jeffrey Granger. SADagents require Osbourne's approval to visit
him and must have a compelling reason to do so (i.e. as part of an
ongoing investigation). Thomasson committed some highly
questionable acts while director of SAD, but there is no validity
to the charges of financial impropriety leveled against him.
Although Thomasson can appear lucid for short periods of
time and is quite charismatic, he is violently insane. He may turn
on even his allies if he is freed.
Quote: Youknow what they're doing, don't you? Phaseitin, just
alittle ata time. One day they're just something you see in the movies,
Dracula... youknow. Bleah! Bleah! Next thing they're movingin next
door and sucking the life's blood out of your daughter. Meanwhile all
the bleeding hearts are telling you that dead people are justlike everyone
else and need special protection because they're an oppressed minority.
You don't know what they're capable of, but we can stop them. Just get
‘me out of this straighe jacket. Come on... hurry!
Special: Thomasson's cell is monitored by Jeffrey Granger.
Granger (Thommason's former psychiatrist) drove him insane at
the Camarilla's request because he was deemed a threat to the
Masquerade. Granger realizes that anyone who visits Thomasson
is almost certainly a Special Affairs agent. He will intervene (in
amanner consistent with the Masquerade) ifanyone tries to free

Thomasson, George Thomasson

62 Provect Twiueit


we ar

The NSA
TheNeo-Luddites

The Neo-Luddites are an unwitting tool of the
Technocracy. The group is infiltrated by the Technocracy,
which uses it asa Judas goat to detect any threats to its
hegemony

The Goddam Magpeyes

In the course of their information-brokering activities,
the Magpeyes have come into contact with the Garou Glass
Walkers, and are aware that they are supernatural creatures
(though not necessarily Garou). They have established a
tentative alliance which has, on occasion, gone beyond
mere information-trading; the two groups have pulled each
other out of trouble more than once. See the Glass Walkers
entry below.

Delphi

The Tradition mages are the smallest and most recent
addition to the NSA'ssupernatural contingent. They number
only three, but the individual members are fairly powerful.
They have carved out their own miniature department, code
named Delphi (as in the "Oracle of... "). They purport to be
an NSA-based but autonomous interagency information
gathering service. Many in the NSA's hierarchy chafe at the
group's freedom and seeming disregard for protocol, but they
have been unable to do anything since Delphi has obviously
been sanctioned at the highest levels.

In truth, Delphi shouldn't be there atall. It has planted
its bona fides so deeply into the NSA's computers that no
one has been able to root them out. Each of the Delphians
has the prerequisite security clearances and forged histories
necessary to allow them a high level of access. The
Technocracy has tried to block them, but the Delphians
have proven tenacious.

The Delphians know more about all the other
government agencies involved with the supernatural than
any other group, except for the Crow's Nest. They have
struck an alliance with the SAD group the Underground,
and will lend aid if necessary, but they have not revealed
their true nature to them. Delphi has mainly concerned
itself with trying to loosen the Technocracy's grip on the
NSA, but so far they have been unsuccessful.

The Technocracy believes it has identified one of
Delphi's members, a General Marlowe Thomas. Thomas is
a member of the command staff and is believed to belong to
the Order of Hermes. The Technocracy keeps its eye on him
in hopes that it will soon be able to crush Delphi once and
for all. Itis likely that there is at least one Virtual Adept in
the group.

TheRegulators

The Regulators are the enforcement/assassination arm
ofthe Technocracy in the NSA, a joint venture between the

New World Order and Iteration X. They are the Men in
Black (sleek black cars, hats, trenchcoats, body armor,
helicopters, etc.) whom the other Men in Black in the
government fear. They watch over all other government
intelligence organizations, keeping an eye open for agents
who, intentionally or not, are working against Technocracy
interests,

Usually, the Technocracy will try other methods to
dissuade those agents off the case (through bribes, threats,
etc.), but if these should fail, it will dispatch as many of its
agents as necessary — or, in the case of supernatural threats,
its HyperlntTech Mark V's.

The Regulators are not subtle about their work, and
thus are used only as a last resort. For all their supposed
power, the Men in Black are only a tool. They serve as a
distraction, drawing away their opponents' energies and
resources. Meanwhile the New World Order's silent
machinery of control continues to tighten its grip, unnoticed.

The Crow's Nest

Subtlety is the hallmark of this branch of the New
World Order. The Crow's Nest is the Technocracy's eyes
and ears in the NSA. It maintains a college for spies south
of Washington, in the forests of northern Virginia. Any
Technocracy agent involved with the government (though
the school is not limited to these) is required to train here
and is rigorously schooled in the arts of espionage and
sination. The college, run by an enigmatic French
woman known only as the Baroness, trains both mages and
Sleepers; itis the Technocracy's main information-gathering
branch in the government. Graduates become spies in the
truest sense of the word, and are almost impossible to detect.
Some have even infiltrated othersupernatural organizations.

In order to graduate, the student is expected to pass a
real-world test, perhaps assassinating a target chosen by the
board of directors.

Dr. Zotos (a.k.a. The Magic Czar)

Dr. Emil Zotos is a mage of considerable age and power.
Born in 1910, Zotos had become an importantagent for both
the Technocracy (New World Order) and the United States
government by the time he had reached his early twenties.
Zotos has made the U.S. government his home, and now
pretends to be his own son in order to account for his
youthful appearance. This gift of eternal youth was given to
him by a powerful Progenitor mage, who owed Zotos major
favors after Zotos allowed him access to the CDC. His failure
to age has raised the ire of his comrades in the Technocracy,
who believe he risks blowing his cover.

But Zotos is more knowledgeable about the workings of
the government than practically anyone else in the world.
He even dida stint as. Edgar Hoover's personal psychiatrist
when he served on the Army's Psychological Strategy Board.
He was in large measure responsible for the creation of SAD
and has been instrumental in shaping current U.S.
intelligence and law-enforcement policies. Ashe now serves

Cuapten Five: Stonyre.uine 63


as a U.S. advisor on the World Advisory Council (WAC),
he is one of the Technocracy's most valuable agents, and is
thus largely immune to their censure.

Zotos' official mission in the NSA is to crack down on
the supernatural elements within the agency. In certain
circles, he has gained the nickname "the Magic Czar." He
has recently become aware of the presence of both the
Tradition mages and the Sabbat in the NSA, and is taking
steps to root them out.

Felicity Price

Felicity Price was waylaid by members of the Camarilla
who sought to gain a foothold in the NSA (see The Hunters
Hunted and the Camarilla section below). She is their proxy
in the agency. She uses her position as a subdirector of DIB

to chart vampire activity throughout the country for her
"superiors," and to keep an eye on Higgins.

Maurice Edwards

Edwards, due to his weakness fordrinkingand gambling,
has found himself indebted to some mysterious "lenders,"
whom Edwards believes to be paraintelligence agents from
another organization, such as the NSA. They are in fact the
Star Chamber (see below).

BruceHiggins

Just as Price has been compromised by the Camarilla,
Higgins is in the hands of the Sabbat. Higgins has proven
himself to be a talented pupil of Henri Moreau (see The
Sabbat, below) and emulates his antisocial behavior. Moreau
has placed him in the most malignant of the ghoul families
(the Bratovitches) in order to hone his sadism. To prove his
loyalty to the Sabbat, Higgins has betrayed two fellow NSA
agents, resulting in their deaths. Higgins isa strong man and
very adept in combat

The GIA
CIASecurity Breech

The CIA's computer network has been infiltrated by
the Technocracy, the Virtual Adepts, and the Glass Walkers
(including several Monkeywrenchers). Certain Camarilla
clans (especially the Ventrue and the Malkavians) have
exercised a good deal of control over the agency, although
through political avenues rather than by more direct means.
Aswith the NSA, these groups will protect their turfand will
try to keep additional groups out.

Bob Schnoblin (Project Black Book)

Position: Senior Comptroller Missions and Programs
Rank: 2 (Senior Agent)

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Visionary/ Fanatic

Physi
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership
2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 2, Security 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Computer 3, Covert
Culture 2, Finance 3, Investigation 3, Law 2, Occult 4 (Pop

‘atanism), Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence 4,
Resource 3 (Personal), Resource 4 (Embezzled)

Numina: None

Flaws: Driving Goal (Defeat Satan), Agency Outsider,
Siege Mentality

Willpower: 6

Image: Bob is a small, overweight, balding man in his
mid-fifties. He still imagines himself to be a living weapon.
His voice is high pitched and whiny.

Roleplaying Hints: Schnoblin is a zealot. He sleeps
about four hours a night, and devotes all of his free time to
researching the supernatural. Though he has managed to
uncover a fair amount of information, his fanaticism leads
him to misconstrue mostofit. He is consistently interpreting
the results of his research in a manner that supports his
suspicions, rather than looking at the facts objectively.
Schnoblin also has a burning hatred for organized religions;
he places the Pope side-by-side with the Sabbat on his
"Pyramid of Satanic Power."

Background: Bob Schnoblin learned ofthe supernatural
when his wife left him for a mysterious, dark-eyed salesman
back in °65. Itwas clear that his rival had a strange hold over
her that could only be explained by sinister mystical powers.
He spent weeks spying on his wife, trying to uncover what
sort of creature had her in its power. After a restraining order
was placed against him, Bob was forced to give her up forlost,
but his determination to stop what he saw as a growing
Satanic menace had become an obsession. After trying
unsuccessfully to alert his superiors to the danger, Schnoblin
was transferred to an obscure wing of the Missions and
Programs staff, where he remains to this day.

Throughout the years, Schnoblin has amassed a wide
array of occult paraphernalia (evidence) which he keeps in
his home. He used his position as a senior comptroller to
carve a niche for himself, his own little subdepartment,
which he darkly refers to as "Project Black Book." He has
diverted some CIA funds to this end and will go to jail if this,
is ever discovered.

Over the years, Bob has managed to convince some
other (mostly junior) agents to his cause. Slightly higher in
rank and more advanced in years, Bob presents the image of
a sage and thoughtful senior agent (at least for the first few
weeks). Most of his protégés, however, leave Black Book
after they are promoted past him in Rank. The NSA's
Cynthia Forrest joined forabouta week before she moved on
to bigger and better things.

In the course of compiling his Pyramid of Power,
Schnoblin has actually stumbled across a few real names

Paosect Twiuieit


(though some are badly garbled), but only hisown convoluted
logic informs him how they relate to each other. His three
current subordinates have investigated a few of these at his
behest, but they did not get far before they found themselves
compromised by supernatural powers. The creatures he has
stumbled upon are curious to know the extent of the C1A's
information about them and may try to use Black Book as a
means to further infiltrate the CIA.

Despite his somewhat skewed view of the supernatural,
Bob has uncovered enough information to be considered
dangerous and he may be killed for it. Delphi has found out
about him and has tried to convince him to drop his
investigations, for his own good, but Schnoblin, of course,
merely sees these overtures as the machinations of Satan.

Bob is not very popular in the agency. His toadying
minions are referred to as "Schnoblin's Goblins." Any
character who starts out working for Schnoblin should
transfer quickly, as working under him for long is guaranteed
to destroy their career. Schnoblin's one reliable ally outside
the agency is the vampire hunter Edith Rose Keller (see The
Hunter's Hunted), with whom he trades information.

Quotes I am not a nut! You're the nut!

The Center for Disease Control

Asseveral new diseases have surfaced in the late eighties
and early nineties, and the center has its hands full with its
investigations. The so-called "Super Strep," a disease which
actually eats away muscle and flesh at the rate of an inch an
hour, has been a subject of intense news coverage. While
easily treated with penicillin, this is but the first of a new
breed of super diseases released by Panacea Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (a subsidiary of Magadon, which is a subsidiary of
Pentex).

Pentex has invented a number of new diseases and is
discreetly releasing them into the general populace. This is
in part tomake money throughselling the cures, but primarily
serves the purpose of raising the tension level throughout
the world and creating an end-times mentality that will be
perfect for the implementation of Pentex's Omega Plan.
Magadon has several agents placed in the CDC.

Ironically, Pentex has encountered a stumbling block
from an unexpected source: the Progenitors. This
Technocracy convention is also in the business of creating
new diseases (and the drugs to cure them); it is a rival of
Magadon's. The Progenitors have planted several of their
Pharmacopeists in the CDC and use them as a means to
disseminate cures for Pentex-generated diseases. The
Progenitors hold a good deal of clout in the CDC and would
have a great deal more, but they have recently been badly
out-maneuvered by their arch-enemies, the Verbena. This
convention, too, has gained a small toe-hold in the CDC
and is now slowly but inexorably gaining ground.

Evanstown (see Top Ten Most Wanted list in Chapter
Two) is the most frightening case the Center has come
across. In this incident, unknown forces used an entire

Connecticut town as a guinea pig to test out the most
virulent "thread virus" the center has ever seen. The virus is
airborne. Early symptoms include fever, disorientation and
an insatiable blood lust; once contracted, the disease has a
100% mortality rate. Victims undergo "extreme
amplification" of the virus which replicates itself so
thoroughly in the host that the host is partially transformed
intoa virus. After three or fourdays, all victims of the disease
"crash and bleed out" (die ofshock, with profuse hemorrhages
from every orifice of the body). The center is now afraid of
an explosive chain of lethal transmission throughout the
region. They have had tentative dealings with SAD on this
case. So far, they have had no luck in finding a cure for this
new "hot virus."

The Drug Enforcement Agency

The DEA has increasingly come into conflict with the
Cali cocaine cartel, which is backed by Pentex. Confiscated
samples of the drug have been found to be ofa level of purity
and potency rarely seen, Further studies have also uncovered
an unknown additive which increases the addictive properties
of the drug by 250%. Other supernatural groups heavily
involved in the drug trade include the Cult of Ecstasy, the
Progenitors, the Setites, the Syndicate and the Giovanni.
Each of these has contacts within the DEA to monitor the
agency's movements, but they don't exercise much control.

State and Local Police

Vampires have found it very useful to have pawns
among the police; indeed, there is bound to be at least one
ghoul in almost every metropolitan police force. The
Camarilla in particular has made good use of the local
constabulary. Its preferred method of control isto manipulate
some of the higher-ranking officers, including a few police
commissioners. This way, it can extend its influence down
through the ranks to the average beat cop. In more rural
settings, one will occasionally find local sheriffs who are
Garou, ortheir Kinfolk. Paraintelligence agentshave standing
orders to report any local police officers who know about the
supernatural, for the purpose of possible interrogation,
recruitment or assassination.

The Environmental Protection
Agency

Pentex board members routinely complain that both
the EPA and the Department of the Interior are "more
infested by werewolves than Bone Gnawers are by fleas." In
reality both of these agencies are in a state of dynamic
equilibrium, influenced by both sides. Pentex (and other
polluting companies) has spent millions of dollars to lobby
Congress to reduce environmental standards, enforcement
and funding. The Garou, on the other hand — particularly
the Glass Walkers and the Children of Gaia — have
embarked upon a combination grass-roots (the Children of

Cuapten Five: Stonyeuine 65

Gaia)/ high tech (Glass Walkers) campaign to influence
environmental policy through both legislation and
infiltration. Garou and their Kinfolk hold positions in the
EPA and Interior Department, though their numbers tend
to dwindle during less environmentally friendly
administrations.

The environmentalists have won some victories over
the past few years and have managed to bring
environmentalism into the public mainstream, but of late,
antienvironmentalistforceshave launched amajorcounter-
offensive, through such groups as the Wise Use movement.
Pentex subsidiaries have even managed to adopt a "green"
image and have branded other environmental groups
(including the EPA) tree-hugging extremists. See the
Monkeywrench: Pentex for a detailed analysis of Pentex
political/environmental strategies and other dirty schemes.

The Department of Defense

Much of the military's R&D is done through
independent conglomerates, including Pentex subsidiaries
such as Nastrum and Mars Electronics. All three main
branchesof the military have some covert program underway
involving the supernatural. The Army has initiated Project
Cagliostro. Set in a top secret facility in the Rocky
Mountains, this program strives (so far with limited success)
to unlock the secrets of the mages. The Air Force has had
little luck in uncovering the mysteries of the mind with
their Project PSI. The Navy has been researching
lycanthropy, based on its capture of a Rokea, or wereshark,
in the Sea of Japan in 1976. These programs are black-book
funded and secret to all but a select few.

Congress

‘A number of supernatural agencies have made their
desires known — albeit covertly — in the corridors of
power thatrun through the governmentsystem. The leading
money-spender is Pentex. With an army of lobbyists
representing each of its subsidiaries as separate companies,
the megaconglomerate is able to exert a degree of influence
unmatched by any other corporation. Most recently, it was
instrumental in stalling the health care reform movement.

Like Pentex, the Technocracy has exercised a good
deal of control over American legislation, primarily through
parceling lobby funds to front companies. The two main
Technocracy conventions involved in congressional
manipulation are the New World Orderand the Syndicate.

Of the Garou, the Children of Gaia have easily been
the most influential and have organized grass-roots efforts
among the general populace. The Children were highly
effective throughout the sixties and the seventies, though
their power has waned somewhat in recent years. The
Children of Gaia are politically progressive and have been

a force in environmental, civil rights and other social
justice movements.

Groups such as the Sabbat, the Tradition mages and
most of the Garou tribes are generally too factious or
disinterested in the mundane world to effect any kind of
sustained effort through the political process, instead
preferring direct action. Ofall the supernatural organizations
thathave their hands in congressional affairs, the Camarilla
is easily the most experienced. Its involvement with the
institution is primarily through retainers and the provision
of lobby funding. There is very little that goes on that the
Camarilla doesn't know about.

The President

Some past Presidents, notably Thomas Jefferson and
the intelligence-obsessed Harry Truman, had a glimmer of
knowledge of the supernatural's existence. The ill-fated
William Harrison was involved in the slaughter of a tribe of
Wendigo Kinfolk while fighting in the Indian Wars of the
Northwest Territory. Consequently, he died of pneumonia
a month after obtaining the Presidency.

Despite the President's ignorance of the supernatural,
he is not necessarily an easy target. Simply by virtue of his
office, he is protected from mage interference. The President
is so central a figure and watched so closely by the public
that evena slight hint of magick used near him would draw
the fullest possible measure of Paradox upon the user.

Several supernatural forces indirectly protect the
President, including the torem the American Dream (see
Bone Gnawers Tribebook). It is rumored that the White
House isa major Haunt frequented by the wraiths of several
past Presidents.

Other Countries

The United States is not the only nation with an
intelligence community investigating (and in turn being
investigated by) the supernatural.

Long before the forces of Christianity swept through
Russia, the country had a shared history with the Garou.
Many of the early Russian princes were either Silver Fang
or their Kin. This pattern continued with the rise of the
Caars. For centuries, Russia was one of the few nations that
could boasta more proactive Garou presence in its governing
bodies than a Kindred presence. Alll this changed, however,
with the Brujah coup of 1917, which coincided with the
Russian revolution. For over seventy years, the Soviet
Brujah ran the KGB like their own private army. This came
toan end with the reawakening of Baba Yaga, who hunted
the Brujah down one by one before installing her own
puppets to take charge. A cabal of her hand-picked

66 Provect Twiuigut


Nee =

lieutenants, including members of both the Sabbat and the
Black Spiral Dancers, manipulates the current intelligence
community. Baba Yaga has almost complete control of the
Russian military structure.

Great Britain

England is a prize sought by both the Ventrue and the
Tremere. This internal war within the Camarilla hasspilled
over into the nation's intelligence and law enforcement
agencies. Scotland Yard is loyal to Queen, country and the
Ventrue traditionalists. British military intelligence, on
the other hand, is heavily influenced by the Tremere.
Other influences in the British Isles include the Fianna
involvement on both sides of the troubles in Ireland. This
has placed the secessionist Fianna in direct conflict with
the English Kindred, while casting the Fianna on the
Republican side as de facto allies of the vampires. There is
also a strong Verbena presence in politics throughout the
Isles, especially in Wales.

Europe is a stronghold of tradition. Consequently, the
Camarilla is more powerful here than anywhere else in the
world. Much of the continent's history has been influenced
by its motives and a good bit of the blood spilled in the great
wars has been a mortal expression of the Jyhad. Various
clans have their hands in the nations' intelligence
organizations. France's S.D.E.C.E. (Service of External
Documentation and Counterespionage) is a hapless tool of
Toreador manipulators. The Tremere control Austria, and
many clans vie with the Sabbat, Anarchs and human mages
in Spain.

The police forces have at times become pawns in these
skirmishes, but they have astable inner core thatis resistant
tosupernatural manipulation. Garou involvement inhuman
politics in Europe has in the past been minimal, but now is
undergoing something of a revitalization. In a show of
solidarity, the Black Furies and the Children of Gaia (and
even some Gangrel) have joined forces. They are the major
motivators behind several "new left" movements such as
the Greens. Only time will tell if they have the staying
power to make changes against Europe's well- entrenched,

supernatural power elites.

Canada

Despite Canada's colonial roots, the power of the
Camarilla has never held as much sway here as it has in
Europe. Much of this is due to the strength of the Wendigo
who, whilenot power-players themselves in the government,
have created a power vacuum of sorts. Various supernatural
forces — Kindred, Garou, and mage alike — vie for
ascendancy in the Canadian Parliament, but none have yet
managed to obtain it. The Wendigo presence serves tokeep

Ghnpren Five: Stonyre.uine

67

Ky

everyone honest. Pentex has spent a lot of money trying to
exploit Canada's natural resources, but have recently been
countered by a strange Kindred/Garou alliance in
Vancouver.

Central and South America

Both Central and South America have served as a
battleground for the proxies of the United States and the
Soviet Union for many decades, and the supernatural
elements of these governments also reflect this. Currently,
Pentex and the Sabbat both hold a great deal of power in
this area. Supernatural agencies, as well as pure greed, are
behind the political machinations that have led to the
immanent devastation of the Amazon. The Garou are
waging an all-out war against them, and as the conflict
escalates, local governments are also being drawn into the
fray.

Japan

Japan is a jewel coveted by many supernatural
organizations in the West, but this country is not simply
free for the taking. Strange creatures such as the Gaki
(oriental vampires), the Kitsune (werefoxes), Japan'shome-
grown Shadow Lords, and Glass Walkers, as well as the
Yakuza (the Japanese Mafia), control much of the
government. Although various western groups have made
some inroads in Japan, they hold little sway.

Middle and Near East

This region, the cradle of civilization, carries a long
and complex history of supernatural involvement. Many
groups have managed to gain some control in its tumultuous
political scene: the Assamites have a strong influence over
the more conservative Arabic powers (i.e. Saudi Arabia);
while Jordan is the unquestioned possession of the enigmatic
vampire Talaq, who essentially decides all of its policies.
Religious fervor sparks much of the region, leading to
inevitable conflicts, and various supernatural groups (the
Assamites, the Setites, the Silent Striders, the Nephandi
and the Ahl-i-Batin, to name a few) choose sides and use
this backdrop to battle one another.

Israel's secret service, Mossad, is arguably the most
efficient intelligence agency in the world and has learned
much about the supernatural. Both civilian and military
commanders have tried to make Mossad a bulwark against
supernatural powers, oblivious to the fact that the agency
has already become a tool of the powerful Setite/Nephandi
coalition. Thisalliance uses Mossad's resources to eliminate
their regional rivals.

Parosect Twiuieat

The Puppet Masters

«the submission ofallforms of cultural life to the sovereignty
of technique and technology.

—Néeil Postman, Technopoly

TheTechnocracy

The manipulation of information technology is a trait
common to both the NSA and the Technocracy (especially
the New World Order), and these groups are alike in many
ways. It comes as small surprise, therefore, that the
Technocracy has infiltrated the NSA more thoroughly
than has any otherorganization. Itwas the firstsupernatural
organization to gain foothold in the agency (late'50s) and
it is now the most firmly ensconced. In spite of this, the
Technocracy's history in the NSA is less than auspicious
Ie was totally blind-sided by the supernatural organizations
that later worked their way into the agency. Though
horrified by the presence of the Sabbat and the Tradition
mages, they cannot strike out against them until they have
more information. The Technocracy has used the NSA as
a cash cow and considers it an indispensable intelligence
resource.

Although its technology far outstrips that of the NSA,
the NSA's data-crunching ability is far superior to the
Technocracy's. Access to this database gives the
Technocracy the ability to monitor coming trends in the
Consensus. Currently, the Technocracy has two top-secret
cabals within the NSA who will do its bidding. Both are
overseen by the same man: Dr. Emil Zotos.

The Star Chamber

The Star Chamber is a two-hundred-year-old
businessmen's club, which maintains its headquarters (a
swanky private lounge) in the old section of Boston. The
club is made up of multimillionaires and the occasional
billionaire, anumber of whom are ghouls. The organization's
goals are quite simply to accrue money and power. They
have been known to cause the collapse of small countries'
economies for their own personal profit. The government
is just one of the avenues through which they work to get
what they want.

The Star Chamber's primary method of gleaning
information and services from the government is bribery.
‘Their chief informant in the NSA is Maurice Edwards. The
Technocracy knows about this, but has not seen any harm
in letting it continue, since the Syndicate has infiltrated
the Star Chamber and is privy to its plans. Although not
puissant in a supernatural sense, the Star Chamber wields
analmostunlimited amount of economic power. Its members
control many of the world's multinationals, one of whom
even ran for President recently. The organization has
knowledge of the occult and of the Kindred in particular.


They have been careful not to cross the powerful vampire
groups, such as the Camarilla or the Sabbat, preying on
Caitiffs and anarchs as much as possible to provide them
with their blood supply. But, mistakes have been made...

The Glass Walkers

Amongthe Garou, the Glass Walkers have the greatest
degree of involvement in the government's intelligence
community. In addition to their computer moles in the
CIA, they have several personal contacts within the NSA.
The Glass Walkers' contact point is the insider faction the
Goddam Magpeyes. A number of the Garou involved are
Monkeywrenchers and hope to gain information they can
use against Pentex (it does exist). As their electronic
foothold in the organization extends ever further, they are
gradually learning of the existence of the Technocracy.

The Sabbat

The Sabbat has little grasp of how important a
commodity the NSA can be and thus does not use it to its
fullestadvantage. This has not stopped them from viciously
protecting their interests there, however; they have
murdered mote people to keep their involvement in the
NSA secret than any other group. These murders have, of
course, made people suspicious, which has lead to more
killings, and so on.

Ofall the supernatural groups, the Sabbat is the most
likely to be uncovered by mortals sooner or later, much to
the chagrin of the Technocracy. Yet, the Sabbat proves to
be the perfect foil for the Technocracy, serving, despite
their comparatively minor roll in the agency, to draw much
ofthe attention away from this Convention's doings. Forall
its efforts, the Sabbat's influence in the NSA is very
limited, and they have made practically no use of the
agency's informational capabilities, although they have
excelled in milking the NSA's technology and the funds
necessary to.utilize it. They have diverted over $400 million
dollars to build a super science complex, an institution
which they have christened the Menagerie.

‘The Menagerie isa bio-tech laboratory equipped with
the most advanced technology to which the Sabbat has

access in the United States. Staffed by Sabbat-controlled
scientists, the complex is entirely free of NSA control. Its
purpose is to study genetic manipulations of supernatural
creatures. The diversion of funds for the Menagerie has
been a simple task, merely requiring the domination of
several key budgetary officers and the manipulation of the
Sabbat's main pawn in the NSA, Bruce Higgins (see NSA
chapter). Henti Moreau, a Tremere Anti-Tribu of the
eighth generation, is the Sabbat's point man at the NSA.
Moreau is a devoted scientist, sadistic even by Sabbat
standards, He has used NSA funds to further his own
alchemical/bio-technological studies, and the Menagerie is
largely his own pet project (the Sabbat in general has no
interest in bio-tech). He has an ally in the Progenitors, who
see that the Technocracy will not step in and shut the
Menagerie down, in exchange forcredit forsome of Moreau's
discoveries. Moreau has little appreciation for the value of
information technology, thus he (and the Sabbat) are in
danger of falling behind and missing the boat.

The Camarilla

One would expect such a huge and labyrinthine
organization as the U.S. intelligence community to be well
suited to the purposes of the Camarilla, but in reality the
Camarilla has not bee able to make much use of it. The
world of modem espionage is far too fast moving for the
elders to fathom. Some younger vampires in its ranks have
argued that it could serve as a useful tool, but the elders
declare it to be too dangerous. The younger Kindred murmur
that the real reason the elders have declared the intelligence
community off limits is that they don't wish to see their
childer in control of powers they do not comprehend
themselves.

A small cabal of technologically minded vampires,
however, has disobeyed their elders' restrictions and gained
a foothold in the NSA by Dominating one of the DIB's
subdirectors, Felicity Price.

Nonetheless, the Camarilla's main influence in the
government comes through covert manipulation of the
political process. Their success here has been both subtle
and spectacular.

(Guapren Five: Stonyre.uing


ee NTS,


The St. Claire Contract is a story for beginning
governmentagent characters from the FBI's Special A fairs
Division. Itis designed to be both complex and challenging,
without exposing the agents to too much knowledge (this
comesas the chronicle proceeds). This story may be altered
toaccommodate characters from other White Wolf games,
although the Storyteller may wish to increase the power
level of the story's antagonist

This is a dark piece and deals with some real and
difficult social issues, namely spousal and child abuse. The
Storyteller is encouraged to give these matters the weight
and seriousness they deserve

Prologue

Unlike most SAD cases this one is in the public eye
prior to departmental involvement; the agents may well
have heard of the case on the national news a week before
itis assigned to them. The press accounts describe how the
small, upstate New York town of St. Claire has been rocked
by a series of kidnappings. The abductees are all children
between the ages of one and six. Each new abduction has

been covered assiduously by the press, which has approached
the story from the perspective of big-city crime coming to
small town America, News stories may start with, "This is
the sleepy town of St. Claire, a place where all of the faces
are familiar and nothing bad ever happens... " The press
has named the kidnapper the "Nappy Napper", for reasons
which remain obscure. The local police claim to have
matters in hand, but are obviously hard-pressed by the news
media for mote information. The first abduction occurred
about three weeks ago. The national news picked up the
story about one week later. Seven children havedi

appeared.

Kidnapping is a federal offense and the FBI has several
agents investigating the case. They have had little luck.
The case is definitely strange. Children have been abducted
from locked homes with no signs of forcible entry. The FBI's
big brass has reluctantly requested SAD's aid, because of its
record of past success in similar cases. SAD will be taking
complete control over the operation, except for one regular
FBI agent (Robert Danforth), who will remain as a liaison.

The case will be assigned to the characters by East
Coast Director Marsha Crowe. Information on St. Claire is

Guapren Six: Tae St. Cratne Contact 7

KY

7 a Le)

sketchy. She will inform the agents that it isa "company
town," run by Pangloss Cosmetics, a nationally known
beauty aids corporation. Despite her familiarity with Pentex,
Marsha does not know that Pangloss is a Pentex subsidiary.
SAD is unaccustomed to working in the media spotlight
and is leery about taking such a high-profile case. The
agents are drilled repeatedly that they are to avoid the press
as much as possible. Martin Fiske knows about the case and
knows that Pangloss is a Pentex company. If any of the
characters are Minutemen, he will take them aside and
suggest darkly that there might be werewolves involved. He
will press a clip of silver bullets into the agent's hand and
tell him to keep quiet about it. Both Fiske and Crowe
secretly suspect that the kidnapper may be Garou (entering
homes via the Penumbra), but they are only guessing.

Preparations

The characters will be given one day to prepare. Silver
bullets will not be issued since the facts of the case do not
warrant it. The agents will take a commercial flight to
Rochester, New York. A four-doorsedan from the local FBI
field office is parked at Rochester airport for them (if there
are more than four agents, a mini-van rental will be there
instead). The characters may use the car for the duration of
the case.

St. Claire
Location

St. Claire lies midway between the cities of Rochester
and Oswego in upstate New York, on the shores of Lake
Ontario. It is about 30 miles north of the nearest highway
(Rt. 90) and only accessible by winding country roads.
Thus the town is somewhat secluded. The terrain is hilly
and the town is surrounded by lush, verdant forest on all
sides. It is autumn and the trees are magnificently colorful.
The Storyteller is encouraged to contrast the sylvan beauty
of the township with the rot and corruption that lies
beneath.

History

St. Claire was founded in 1692 by Dutch settlers, in the
area now known as Norge Valley. Led by the town's
founder, Willhelm Norge, the hardy settlers set up
homesteads and began to farm the valley'srich soil. Though
forced to repel continuous Indian attacks, the community
flourished for a while. The town's hopes were dashed in the
winter of 1694, however, when a series of blizzards struck
that lasted for six months. Facing starvation and disease,
thesettlers were forced to abandon their homes. The town's
original location has not been rebuilt since.

The surrounding land has been farmed since that time,
but the St. Claire area remained underpopulated until the

early 1960s, when Pangloss Cosmetics chose the area to be
the site for its largest production facility. The town became
the subsidiary's headquarters. With bold vision, manner,
Pangloss designed to build an entire town from scratch, and
the community became a boom town throughout the sixties
and early seventies. Pangloss proved itself to be a good
corporate citizen, funding most of the town's construction.

The people of the town both hold on to the traditions
of the past, as epitomized by the statue of Willhelm Norge
in the town's square, and look forward optimistically to the
challenges of the twenty-first century.

SecretHistory

Actually, the town was founded on what had been
Seneca Indian lands for centuries. There were Wendigo
Garou living in the area. The servants of the Wyrm saw the
village asa fulcrum to expand their influence into the heart
of the Iroquois League of Five Nations. Norge Valley was
home to a small but potent Wendigo caern, which the
servants of the Wyrm especially covered. Their most willing
servant in this undertaking, Willhelm Norge, was a corrupt
Get of Fenris chieftain who was consecrated to the Beast-
of-War. Aided by other Wyrm spawn, he instigated strife
between the settlers and the native population. Using
"Indian aggression" as an excuse, he called in a regiment of
fomori disguised as Redcoats and drove the Wendigo from
their home. Ina final gesture of cruelty towards the fleeing
Wendigo, he whipped the townspeople into a frenzy and
had the Wendigo's healer burned as a witch in the town's
square.

With the expulsion of the Wendigo, theircaern became
twisted and corrupt, and was taken over by Black Spiral
Dancers. The Wendigo did not take this outrage lying
down, however. Their revenge came in the form of a deadly
blizzard which trapped settler and Black Spiral alike in the
narrow valley. Starvation quickly turned the Wyrm pawns
against each other in a spree of murder and cannibalism.
Ultimately, they attempted a forced march from the valley
in the dead of winter. Of the entire town, only 10 survived
The Black Spirals were dealt such a blow that they did not
try to reclaim the caern, and its very existence quickly fell
into the realm of myth. Norge Valley retained a bad
reputation in local folklore and has become a font for many
ghost stories. The few people who did settle in the area were
looked upon with suspicion by the surrounding communities.
This not-unreasonable prejudice has remained through the
present.

In the 1950s, Madame Paris noticed the area and
thought it would suit her uses well. Paris, the CEO and
founder of Siren Cosmetics (a Pentex subsidiary), had
recently bought out her competitor, Pangloss. Paris also
served Karnala, the Urge Wyrm of Desire.

Thecaern wassteered toward the Wyrm'sservice through
a series of dark rituals. The center of the caern became a

n Prosect Twiuigit

B |

\\ rer LLL
0 I 3 cu Z

WO

Gunpren Six: Tue St. Guaine Contract

St. Claire

il HUA

WS
cS
cS
; &
me
I
me
a
A
‘A
A
+

(}

eipabiaasaadbii Ub UNS |


AWWW

Storyteller's Map

Forest

F The Twine
= Wheglers |] Factory
c BD

Forest

‘a
Loose

caboose |

Valley Forest

Westen A

Slaughter a =
House

Forest
Sy
caomm\ |

Coal Mine m

Forest

WWIII :=&-BDW LED
MMM UMMMUUDDSWWWWIWIWS

ap by Bian J Bun

HMMM sw'

place of lusts turned sour. The surrounding town is now
affected by the dark energies of this place, although the
influence is subtle and many are able to resist. There is still
a much higher instance of deviancy in the local populace
than is found in society as a whole. Siren soon named the
town the site of its largest and most state-of-the-art
production facility. Pentex sociologists became involved
and itwas decided that St. Claire would serve asa laboratory
of sorts. The company planned and built the town as a
microcosm of the type of social engineering that it hopes to
accomplish in the second stage of its Omega Plan.

Oversixty percent of the town's population isemployed
by Pangloss, and the company influences most facets of the
town's life. The Pentex-owned police force is draconian in
enforcing the law on the streets (as a result, there is almost
no street crime). In contrast to this appearance of strong
law enforcement, the police turn a blind eye to such crimes
as domestic dispute, rape and sexual abuse. This is by direct
order of Pangloss's CEO, who wishes to observe the effects
of the town's psychic energy upon its residents. Pangloss is
little known as a Pentex subsidiary, even among those in
the know (such as the Monkeywrenchers). Thus, the need
for security from Garou has been minimal

The Town's Psychic Nature

St. Claire is a prime example of social duality. Its
people arealmost frighteningly normal in public butperverse

in private. This is because of the twin effects of the caern
and the Pangloss cosmetics given freely to all of Pangloss
employees —most of the town's population. These elements
have served to create a bizarre psychic resonance in the
area, a dark emotional undertow that is both subtle and all-
pervasive. Many in the town suffer nightmares, which are
usually of violent sexual experiences, or disjointed images
from the town's violent past.

The town is overrun with low-order Banes. These
spirits are distant progeny of Karnala, and they both induce
and subsist off human lust, yet they are not strong enough
to Materialize.

Ata distance, the caern's negative effects come solely
through dreams, although the aftereffects of these visions
intrude into the daylight hours. At short range, the caern
can create waking dreams of frightening reality. Most
adults who have lived in town for a long time have
nightmares every night, but remember them only
sporadically. Nevertheless, they are affected. Children are
usually less affected by the caern, since it is based on adult
predilections, but recently they have been having
nightmares about the Nappy Napper.

Strangers to the town will have vivid nightmares
almost every night for the first month. These dreams may
affect them during the day. The characters must roll
Willpower (difficulty 6) every night. A failure means the
character is tired and shaken, and the difficulties for all
Perception and Wits rolls that day are one higher. A botch,
or two accumulated failures, means that the dreams are
beginning to color the character's grip on reality. The
character will see disturbing things out of the corner of her
eye. Furthermore, she must make an additional Willpower
roll: a failure here means the character will have the urge to
act out her dreams; a botch makes this even more likely.
How this plays out depends on the character's Nature and
should be roleplayed. This impulse will grow even stronger
ifthe characteris exposed toany Pangloss products. Certain
Nature archetypes will be attracted to the town (Bon
Vivant, Bravo, Child, Deviant, Fanatic, Gallant) and will
want to stay. Others will be repelled (Caregiver, Child,
Traditionalist) and will wish to leave as soon as possible.

Dream Imagery

Several common themes tun through the dream imagery
the characters encounter. They will see images from the
town's past, such as the Indian massacres and the blizzard.
They will also have dreams involving their own suppressed
desires. It is possible that they may glimpse the Nappy
Napper, who has become quite a fixture in the town's
nocturnal psyche. The Storyteller should mix these images
in with elements from the characters' own lives.

Downtown

St. Claire hasa population of 25,000, plus and additional
10,000 local university students. The downtown area is a
perfect model ofa planned community, with an idyllic array
of small-town trappings. The shopping district is charming.

74 Prosect Twivieat


Many ofthe store frontsappear tohave been builtinto renovated
19th century houses, although this isan intentional deception.
Most of the downtown was built by Pangloss in the 1960's but
was designed to appear more historic.

Atthe town's center isa statue erected to honor Willhelm
Norge. There is a police station, a firehouse, and a post office
here as well. On the eastern edge of town is a 20,000-seat
coliseum, which plays host to both college and high school
sporting events. The college (New York Polytechnic Institute,
or "NYP1") is a self contained community to the west of St.
Claire. NYPI's biology and chemistry departments do some
research for Pangloss, and have become well-known. To the
south is a deep, wooded cleft known as Norge Valley. Often
shrouded in mist, this valley is populated by the town's poorest
residents.

Directly overlooking Norge Valley is the town's high
school, Norge High. Norge's football team, the Stallions, are
having a record season and are charted to play Syracuse for the
state championship.

The town hall is an old-fashioned, Cape Cod-style house
at the north end of town. Most of the town's business is done
here; there is currently a brisk trade in hunting licenses. Other
town buildings include: a modem community center, a twin
movie theatre (the Lyric), four churches, six downtown
restaurants and four hotels. On the fringes of town isa hospital,
aradio station, a defunct twine factory and an almost-forgotten
slaughterhouse. To the extreme north, close to Lake Ontario,
is situated the St. Claire Women's Shelter. The center, arather
austere white building set on a bluff overlooking the lake, is a
combined effort of the local churches, and in spite of its stated
purpose, tends to send most of its charges directly back to their
abusers.

St. Claire has far more "adult entertainment," in the form
of X-rated book stores and strip bars, than one would expect in
a town of this size. Alll of these establishments are by zoning
ordinance neatly hidden in the outskirts of town. The most
notable is the motorcycle/strip bar the Loose Caboose, which
lies on the periphery of Norge Valley.

Hotels

There are four hotels in St. Claire.

The Ontario: The Ontario is a hunting/fishing lodge
about two miles east of town. It is equipped with every
amenity, though there are cabins for those who prefer
roughing it. With hunting season just getting underway
the hotel is already doing good business.

The Iroquois Inn: The Iroquois is by far the most
conventional of the town's hotels and is run by a national
chain. It is comfortable and relatively inexpensive. The
hotel handles much of the hunting overflow from the
Ontario.

The Bissette: This is a creepy, run down hotel on
Tottlebein street on the north edge of Norge Valley. It has
a Bates Motel feel to it and seems to draw misfits.

The Maple Leaf Inn: A respectable bed-and- breakfast
establishment, which just happens to double as the town
bordello.

Scene One (Friday night/
Saturday) sai

(Refertothe timeline chartonpg. 106)

Theagentsarrivein town Friday eveningandaremetatthe
Ontario (where they have reservations) by the FBI'sliaison tothe
case, agent Robert Danforth. The Ontarioisfull ofboth hunters
and reporters, here to cover the Nappy Napperstory. Agent
Danforth will briefthe characters, and casually try to question
themabout SAD. He will tell the characters that the FBI has
determinedthatthekidnappermaybeusingthesewers,thoughnot
exclusively. Hewillnotethatthe local policehavebeenhelpfuland
thatthesewershavealreadybeen thoroughlysearched, Theyhave
founda bloody pair of pajamas down there, which have been
identifiedasbelongingtooneoftheabductees. Thisevidence willbe
madeavailable tothecharacters, butwillnotrenderany definitive
clues.

Agent Danforth

Robert Danforth is a fifteen-year veteran of the FBI
and has a distinguished record as a field agent. He is in his
early forties, thin and balding, Ashe has two children of his
own, he is particularly hot to solve this case, and is actually
a competent agent who will back the characters up, if they
don't try to cut him out of the loop altogether. He also
knows who the reporters are in town and can be useful in
helping the agents steer clear of them. The characters, of
course, have orders to keep him in the dark about any
supernatural activities. Danforth is discreet enough not to
pry too deeply into SAD affairs, but he is quite observant
and may pick up on things anyway. Itwill not be wise for the
characters to underestimate him. Danforth will remain on
the case forits duration, but will respect that SAD istheone
in charge.

Police Department

On Saturday, Danforth will take the agents to meet the
local police. They will generally be cooperative and will
makeany clues theyhave (including transcripts of interviews
with the abductee's parents) available to the agents. The
police will resist any requests by the characters to carry out
theirown interviews, but will relent ifthe agents insist. The
same applies to showing them any of the crime scenes, all
of which are private residences. The police will also tell the
agents — confidentially — that they suspect that none of
the children are alive.

Thereare 12 full-time police officersintheSCPDandseveral
part-time volunteer deputies. The players'initial impression ofthe
town constabulary may be that it is something out of Andy
Griffith, butthisisamisperception. The town policeareallbought
out by Pangloss Cosmetics, though only the chiefknowsanything
ofthesebehind/-the-scenesmachinations.Allmembersoftheforce

Guapren Six: Tue St. Guaine Contaact 75


though only the chiefknows anything of these behind-the-
scenesmachinations. All membersof the force have standing
orders to downplay, or totally ignore, domestic disputes.
The SCPD is remarkably well-equipped fora police force of
its size.

Chief Olson

The town's police chief, Robert Olson, is a big, friendly
man in his late forties. His management style is open and
cheerful, and this has earned him the love and respect of the
community, who is oblivious to his true history. Olson's real
name is Frederick Bellows and he is wanted for murderin South
Carolina. He reports directly to the Pangloss plant's General
Manager, Michael Norge, who knows his secret and uses it to
control him. Olson's fingerprints are on file at the FBI. He will
doeverythinghe can to avoid raising the characters' suspicions.

Interviews

If the characters decide not to push the police into
allowing them to interview the victims or examine the
crime scenes, they will merely learn that over the last
month there have been a number of abductions from locked
houses. If, however, they decide to take matters into their
own hands, they may learn a good bit more.

All of the parents are highly distraught, and some will
be hostile toward the agents, especially if they feel the
agents are not doing enough to solve the crimes. One
couple in particular, the Wheelers, may be of interest to the
players.

The Wheelers' four-year-old daughter, Tracy, was stolen.
from their bedroom just two nights ago. Both parents are
upset about the disappearance, but the Storyteller should
give the characters the impression that the couple is hiding
something (successful Perception + Empathy roll, difficulty 7).

The Wheelers live ina small mobile home just outside
of Norge Valley. If the characters search the grounds
around the Wheeler's home, they may find a two-day old
combat boot print in the backyard. The print was made by
the Nappy Napper.

Anna Wheeler

Anna Wheeler is a slightly overweight woman with
brown, frizzy hair. In her mid-thirties, she is an assembly
line worker at Pangloss and the family's only bread winner,
as her husband is chronically unemployed. She will appear
both nervous and sad during the interview. Her husband
beats her ona regular basis; he has almost killed her on more
than one occasion. She has no obvious physical scars or
bruises because she uses the Pangloss product Rejuviderm,
which is very effective at covering up such "unsightly
blemishes." Anna has been to the women'sshelter, but they
have turned her away. On top of this, she thinks that there
is something fishy about Pangloss. She will not share this
hunch, or the truth about her husband, with the agents. If
pressed she will deny that anything is wrong. Despite her

passivity toward her husband, she has reserves of strength
and will that she has not yet tapped.

Frank Wheeler

Frank Wheeler is a mean, unemployed drunk. He has
abused both his wife and daughter, and is afraid he will be
blamed (wrongly) for his daughter's disappearance. He will
be sullen and hostile toward the characters in alow key, non-
violent manner during the interview. He has some friends at
the local bar whom he might convince toambush the agents,
if he believes they suspect him. Any gang that he rounds up
for this purpose will consist of three to five men. They will
be wearing ski masks to protect their identities, and they will
be armed with shotguns, baseball bats and hunting knives.
They will also be pretty drunk. He will only do this if he is
convinced that the agents are out to get him. If he goes this
far, the intent will be to kill.

Inmore lucid moments, Frank realizes the immorality of
his actions and blames them on "the fumes." Like many of
those living near Norge Valley, he is psychically malformed
by both the caern and Pangloss products.

Scene Two (Sunday)

Sunday is the first day of hunting season. Both the
Ontario and the Iroquois will empty out during the day, as
close to 200 hunters flood the surrounding woods. That
morning (possibly at breakfast), the characters are likely to
be approached by Cindy Crawley.

Cindy Crawley

Cindy is a young reporter for a local network affiliate.
She has learned that the characters are FBI (by bribing the
police dispatcher) and will try to get them to comment on
the case. She is tireless and persistent. She has already made
something of a name for herself with this case and is the one
who popularized the term "Nappy Napper," although she did
not invent it. She heard the phrase when she interviewed
several of the children in town who have been plagued by
nightmares. Each of them came up with the same name for
the kidnapper, seemingly independently of each other.
Cindy, a skeptic at heart, has nevertheless toyed with the
idea that the children may somehow be psychically linked
with the kidnapper. She has not mentioned this, however,
for fear that it would damage her credibility. From these
interviews, Cindy hascreateda startlingly accurate composite
description of the Nappy Napper. She has also uncovered,
butnot yet reported on, the town's hidden record of domestic
violence. She might be willing to trade this information
with the characters for any information they may have.
Accompanied by her camera man, Cindy is in the habit of
showing up at the most unexpected (and inopportune)
moments. She has a contact at the FBI, and if she finds out
that the characters are from a covert branch of the agency,
she will also try to investigate them. She is very competent

76 Proseer Twitiet


a a Pn Ar eh

(though impulsive). Like Danforth, she should not be
underestimated.

The characters may continue their interviews during
this day. The agents will notice that the town is preparing for
a Homecoming game. Decorations are going up all over
town; and, next to the kidnappings, this is the most widely
discussed topic among the residents. It is during this day that
Samuel Norge and his pack (the Steppin' Wolves) ride into
town.

At 8:30 that night there is an incident in the Loose
Caboose. If the characters are listening to their police-band
radio they will hear that there was a murder at the bar and
that a police car has been dispatched. If the agents are
otherwise occupied, Danforth will hear about it and notify
them. If the characters decide to involve themselves and
hurry to the crime scene, they will arrive before all but the
first police car.

The Loose Caboose

The Loose Caboose is a seedy motorcycle/trucker strip
bar on the northern edge of Norge Valley. The building is a
windowless, wooden, barn-like structure, decorated with
blinking yellow lights and crude paintings of semi-clad
women. There are a number of motorcycles lined up outside,
one of which has been trashed. The inside is a gaudy
ensemble of mirrors and neon. There is a mirrored runway
along one side of the room and a bar covering another.

Also within isa glass-walled D,J.'s booth. There are two
bullet holes in the glass and some blood is spattered across
the outside, as though someone standing in front of the
booth had been shot. When the bullets are retrieved, both
are found to have blood on them, indicating that the shots
hie their target.

Usually, the bar is alive with loud country-rock music,
but when the agents arrive, they find an air of tragedy about
the place, Most of the patrons are in shock. Some are nearly
catatonic, while others are ramble on incoherently. Two
men have been hurt, though not seriously. A third has been
torn to shreds as though by wild animals. There is a gun in
his severed hand, which can be found on the pool table. The
bullets in the D.J's booth match his gun. Paramedics,
additional policemen, and Cindy Crawley (with her camera
man) will arrive on the scene within five minutes of the
characters' arrival. The bar's proprietor, Tom Bland, after he
has calmed down, can identify the victim as a Pangloss
security guard named Edgar Chase.

The customers will give varying accounts of what
happened. Most of the patrons are drunk and all seem
addled. Some of them are Norge Valley residents and are
more likely than usual to become violent if they think they
are being "pushed around." By interviewing several of the
witnesses, the agents should be able to put together that a
biker gang showed up with a pet wolf. They attacked Edgar
Chase, who returned fire with his pistol before the wolf
killed him. One of the strippers will add that she saw the
bikersdrinkingChase's blood, ‘just like that vampire movie."

The blood spattered on the D.J.'s booth is human and of a
different blood type than Chase's. The local coroner will
confirm that Chase died of multiple bites from a very large
wolf. Noone at the barcan give a coherent description of the
bikers, andas the town's outskirts see a great deal of transient
bike traffic, itis unlikely that they will be found. The police
will try to discourage the agents from investigating this case,
claiming that it is a local affair.

But it was no mere wolf that killed Edgar; he ran into the
Steppin' Wolves.

The Steppin' Wolves

The Steppin' Wolves are a mendicant, three-member
werewolf pack, they are the remnant of a large Get of Fenris
pack that was destroyed by a Sabbat/Pentex ambush in New
York City. The pack wandered aimlessly fora time, but now has
found a new purpose, and this is what drew them to St. Claire.
They stopped at the Loose Caboose for a drink and to gather
information about the town. The pack's Stargazer, Caprice,
sensed a strong Wyrm-taint from Chase, who was a hired killer
for Pentex. A fight ensued, in which the pack's most impulsive
member, Andrew Lee was shot (with regular bullets) and
shifted to Crinos form. This invoked the Delirium amongst the
bar's patrons. Chase was tom to pieces by the pack, and the
members left the bar unchallenged. Following the incident, the
pack checked into the Iroquois. They will keep a low profile for
a couple of days while they plan their next move.

The pack had intended tocome into town quietly andhave
a discreet look around, but two of the three pack members are
Get of Fenris, and subtlety and strategy are not their strong
points. Their actions at the bar will quickly arouse Pangloss's
suspicions. Thepack's leaderisSamuelNorge,adirectdescendent
of the town's founder, Willhelm Norge. He has leaned of
Willhelm's Wyrm-corruption and the history of the town from
a spirit ancestor, and is determined to clear the stain on his
family's honor. Samuel'sknowledge of the town isspotty andhe
has no concrete plan of action. His intention is to search the
town looking for Wyrm-taint and to trust in providence that
something will come up.

Once the pack has reconnoitered, they will realize that
Norge Valley and Pangloss Cosmetics are the two epicenters of
Wyrm activity in the area. The pack doesn't yet realize that
Pangloss is a Pentex subsidiary, or that the plant's General
Manager (Michael Norge) is Samuel's half brother. None of
them havea police record and one of the group isa lawyer; they
willbe hard toarrest without good cause. Marsha Crowe of SAD
has heard of them. If she finds out they are in town, she will try
to warn them away from the characters (for both sides' sake).

Note: The Steppin' Wolves are the good guys and will
try to avoid any conflict with the characters (this would
violate the Veil). They are only another element in the
story, however. The Storyteller should resist the impulse to
let them steal the show from the players.

Guapren Six: The St. Cuaine Contaact 77

|


q
\,
Vi
ms

Samuel Norge

Posi

Bree
Auspii
Tribe: Get of Fenris (Fangs of Garm)

Nature/Demeanor: Director/Alpha

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5), Stamina 4 (6/7/1/7)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 4 (motorcycle), Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Occult 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2, Pack Totem 4 (the Bear), Past Life 2, Pure Breed 2, Resources 2, Rites 1

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch (through totem), Persuasion, Resist Pain, Scentofthe True Form; (2) Call to Duty, Jam Technology
Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Talisman Dedication
s pirit Tracer

Merits/Flaws: Ancestor Ally/ Vengeance (Pentex/Sabbat)

Image: Samuel is tall, lean, muscular man in his mid-twenties. He has red crew-cut hair. He affects a paramilitary demeanor,
wearing fatigues and a leather jacket with military patches on it.

Roleplaying Hints: You are unsure of your ability to lead the remnants of the great pack. The Steppin' Wolves were one of
thestrongest Get packsin America before the massacre
and your father was one of the greatest leaders the Get
had seen ina generation. Everyone said so. Your father
and the rest of the pack died as heroes; it is up to you
to reform the pack and keep their memories alive.
Now, if only you knew how.

Background: Samuel learned of his Garou
heritage relatively late in life (age 19), while he served
as a sergeant in the Marines. His father was there for
him when he went through the shock of his firsting.
After he left the army his father (Robert Norge) made
aplace for him in his pack. Samuel doesn't know that
it was his father who arranged the ambush by Pentex.
His father betrayed the pack in return for cash, with
the stipulation that his son was not to be harmed.
Pentex double crossed him and killed him, along with
the rest of his pack. His other son, Michael, knows
about his treachery; he will throw this fact in Samuel's
face if the two meet. The Norge family hasbeen cursed
since Willhelm's crimes and in every generation, a
Norge male will serve the Wyrm.

Samuel is not a deep or a fast thinker, but he has
agood deal of common sense. Though he is youngand
untested, he has won the trust of his pack members. He
is a member of the Fangs of Garm camp and thus is
somewhat more open-minded than many Get. Samuel
tends to take things very seriously. The pack-leader is
honest and will always keep his word.

Equipment: 44 Magnum, motorcycle, maps, bible

78


Andrew Lee

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ahroun
Tribe: Get of Fenris (Mjolnir's Thunder)
Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Gallant
Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5), Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 3 (motorcycle), Firearms 3, Melee 2, Repair 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Occult 3, Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Pack Totem 4 (the Bear), Resources 1, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch (through totem), Razor Claws, Resist Pain, The Falling Touch; (2) Jam Technology, Sense Silver
Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6
Rank: 2
Rites: Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: Elk Tooth Necklace
Flaws: Vengeance (Sabbat/Pentex)
Image: Andrew Lee is an impressively large and muscular man in his early thirties. He has long, blonde hait and a beard.
He prides himself on looking (at least superficially) like the comic book version of the god Thor. Andrew wears black boots,
faded jeans, muscle tees and a leather jacket, and carries a big hammer.
Roleplaying Hints: You are Odin's right hand against the Wyrm. No, you're not crazy. You don't really believe you're
aNorse godling, but you've found the persona of a
carousing Viking warrior to be a lot of fun and it
scares the hell outof the Wyrm spawn. The bastards
killed your pack leader. Robert Norge was one of
the finest men you've ever known, and you follow
his son out of respect for his father's memory.
Background: Andrew Lee was a jock and a
surfing fanatic living in southern California when
he learned of his Garou heritage. For him, the
Change was a doorway to a brave new world. He
spent a year as a werewolf without any guidance,
using his new-found abilities to become king of
the beach. The Steppin' Wolves eventually found
him and convinced him that he had a more noble
purpose in life than winning surfing trophies.
Andrew rode with them for over 10 years. He
became a respected member of the pack, known
for his bravery and fighting skills. Since the Sabbat/
Pentex ambush, he has not missed a chance to kill
any servant of the Wyrm he comes actos.
Andrew Lee is a total anti-Wyrm fanatic. He
sometimes carries his war against the Wyrm to
near ridiculous lengths.
Equipment: Motorcycle, leather jacket, .45
pistol, war hammer (nicknamed Mjolnir — see
entry on Cracker Dan for a potential rivalry).


Caprice
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ragabash
Tribe: Stargazer (Zephyr)
Nature/Demeanor: Reveler/Reveler
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Expression 2, Kailindo 4 (No Moon fighting), Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3 (motorcycle), Melee 5 (throwing knives), Stealth 3, Survival 1
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Occult 3, Politics 1
Backgrounds: A\llies 2, Contacts 5, Fetish 2, Resources 3, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Balance, Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm; (2) Jam Technology, Surface Attunement,
Taking the Forgotten
Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7
Rank: 2
Rites: Talisman dedication
Fetishes: Surge of False Energy (credit card)
Merits: Eidetic Memory, Vampire Ally
Image: Caprice isa slender, attractive Hispanic woman in her mid-twenties. She has longish black hair with a shock of white
running through it. She wearsshiny, black motorcycle leathersand dresses achromatically (black and white only). She has numerous
pockets sewn into her clothes to carry her many throwing knives.
Roleplaying Hints: You live up to yourname. Youare the quintessential capricious Ragabash and proud of it. Being a Stargazer
has taught you the virtue of discipline and logic
(you're a lawyer for God's sake); your Ragabash
nature has taught you the value of chaos and
subversion. You dance this razor's edge with glee.
Blessed with a photographic memory, you devour
every piece of knowledge you come across. You've
been with the Get boys forabout six monthsnowand
it's been a blast. Sure, Sammy's a bit serious, but no
more so than your Stargazer buddies.
Besides, their Get mentality makes them easy as
hell to prank. Get this —three people traveling
together; two are the constant victims of practical
jokes and they can't figure out who the joker is!
You'll stick with them until the fun ends. The boys
have told you about the demise of their pack; the
whole thing smells pretty fishy to you.
Background: Caprice is a streetwise Mexican-
American from Los Angeles. Born into poverty, she
excelled academically and worked her way through
law school. She was a lawyer by the age of twenty-
one. Caprice was also an early bloomer as a Garou.
Her transformation occurred when she was eight.
Her uncle (also a Ragabash) guided her through the
rituals of the Stargazers. As a city werewolf, Caprice
has made contacts that most Garou would find
offensive. She hasa Malkavian vampire friend whom
she uses as a source of information. Through this
contact, she has heard rumor ofagovernmentagency
that deals with the supernatural (SAD).
Caprice has picked up some bad habits from her
friends, which her Getallies would surely disapprove
of, if they found out about them.
Equipment: Motorcycle, throwing knives

80 Provect Twiuaet


The same night that the Steppin' Wolves arrive, two
hunters encounter the Nappy Napper at the abandoned
twine factory outside of town. It will be two days before
their bodies are found, unless the agents show up there
before then.

The local police won't understand the real significance
of the bar killing, but Pangloss manager Michael Norge
does. Michael realizes that there are anti-Wyrm Garou in
town, though he is unaware that Samuel is one of them.
The Pangloss plant doesn't have a high-security profile (at
least by Pentex standards) and Michael is afraid of an
imminent attack. He is also concerned about the Nappy
Napper and the government agents who are in town. He
will call Pentex to request a crack First Team to bolster
plant security. What he gets instead is Dmitri.

The characters may notice that the local media doesn't
cover the murder at the Loose Caboose. It is covered by
Cindy Crawley's network, however. Unless the characters
took special pains to avoid being filmed by Crawley, they
will see themselves on television. Osbourne will not be
amused

Scene Three (Monday)

Note: This scene is "off stage" unless one of the agents
is tailing Anna forsome reason. The effects of this scene will
soon become apparent to the players, however.

Itisa regular work day and Anna Wheeler is working on
the Pangloss assembly line as usual. By lunch time, however,
the combined stress of her abusive husband and missing
child is too much for her. She leaves the plant sobbing and
ends up ata bar near the university. This is a regular student
hang-out, anditisn'tlongbefore Anna comesto theattention
of Robert Hill. Hill notices her Pangloss employee badge,
and, for reasons of his own, decides to question her. She is
clearly distraught. He asks her what's wrong, and itall comes
flooding out. Two hours (and many beers) later the two have
compared notes thoroughly.

Anna has long had a number of suspicions about
Pangloss, which she bases both on the odd things (and
feelings) she's noticed around the plant, and her own
misgivings about their products on her family life
Anna is an avid reader of trashy mystery novels and has up

effec

until now written off her suspicions as products of her
overactive imagination. Now she is not so sure. Anna tells
Robert about her husband and her missing daughter. Robert
agrees to help her. She also mentions the agents (if they
interviewed her). She will tell Robert where he can get in
contact with them (if she knows). If not he will scour the
hotels until he finds them. Neither Anna or Robert notice
that their conversation is observed by a Pangloss security
operative. The two part ways, but agree to keep in touch.

RobertHill

Robert Hill's suspicions of Pangloss stem from an
interesting source. Robert is a chemistry student at NYPI
He and his roommate were doing some experiments with
one of Pangloss's products (Kyrysma), and gradually began
tosuspect thatithad mind-altering qualities. Some behavioral
experiments with animals followed, during which the two
became convinced that Pangloss was deliberately selling
addictive drugs in the guise of cosmetics. The two spoke to
several people (including the police) to seek advice. A week
later, Robert's roommate was killed in a suspicious car wreck.
The police ruled the wreck an accident and have refused to
investigate further.

Robert knows his friend was murdered; he fears he
might be next. Robert is a young idealist and has an interest
in law enforcement (forensics). He will be very interested in
helping the agents if they meet and may be quite useful. In
addition to his skills as a chemist he has also studied
criminology and has some modest investigative skills.

Research on Pangloss

The incident at the Loose Caboose may prompt the
agents to investigate Pangloss. Information on the company
is not easy to come by and the agents may find most of their
research methods to be unsatisfactory. Everything seems to
be above-board. Pangloss is to all appearances a legitimate
and wildly successful international beauty-care company. Its
connections to Siren are obscure, but traceable with a good
deal of effort. Siren's connections to Pentex are, of course,
almost impossible to find. The agents will have to visit the
plant if they want to find out more.

Pangloss Cosmetics

Siren is the second largest cosmetics firm in the world
and is poised to take the number one slot. Its combination of
superior products and slick advertising have made it a
household name. The St. Claire Pangloss plant is relatively
unimportant in the scheme of things at Pentex, but Michael
Norge is trying to change this. He has created a new product

(Kyrysma™) and is using St. Claire as a "test market." If he
succeeds in his endeavors here he will be richly rewarded,
probably by a promotion to Siren's board of directors.

The plant has a low security profile, There are security
cameras, an above- average alarm system and fifteen armed
guards. The guards are Pentex-trained and quite competent
(though not elites like Pentex's First Teams). They are
armed with high-power assault rifles with silver bullets and
have been issued night-vision goggles. If the characters
decide to investigate the plant by stealth, it is very likely
they will be caught. In this case, they will be escorted toa
holding room to await the police. Pangloss will then press

Guapren Six: Tue St. Cuaine Conraact


legal charges against the FBI. By far the best approach for
the characters is to arrange for a guided tour.

Ifthe agents opt for the direct approach (requesting an
interview to discuss the Chase case), Pangloss will beall too
happy to accommodate them. The characters will be given
a partial tour by the plant's PR woman, Brenda Thompson.
The plant isprimarily aproduction facility, but does research
as well. It should become obvious to the characters
(Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 7, one success
required) that they are purposefully being steered away
from certain portions of the plant. If challenged on this,
Miss Thompson will explain that there are some corporate
secrets they want to protect. They are within their legal
rights here. The agents may also notice that there is an
elevated air of sexuality in the plant. Many of the employees
are wearing masks. When the agents question Miss
Thompson about the murdered employee, she will profess
to be mystified as to why anyone would want to kill such a
nice, gentle man ("he was a family man," etc).

Brenda Thompson

Miss Thompson is a woman in her late thirties
Although not attractive she is very neat and dresses well.
Her demeanor is peppy and cheerful (almost too much so).
The characters' general impression is that she isa corporate
cheerleader. She is eloquent when talking about the plant,
but will prevaricate if pressed on certain points. Brenda is

a company woman through and through, and is particularly
loyal to Michael Norge, upon whom she has a crush.

Despite her friendly persona, Thompson is ruthless in
the extreme and is capable ofcommitting heinous atrocities
on behalf of the company. She is currently addicting a
cheerleaderat the local high school (Sharon Miller) to one
of Pangloss's products, in order to make her into a Pentex
operative. They have already given her a two-week supply
of Entice (see below) and will soon be demanding a service
of her, in return for additional doses. Brenda may casually
mention to the agents that Pangloss is sponsoring the high
school's Homecoming pageant. She will also tell them that
the plant's manager is available for questioning.

Brenda has no supernatural abilities of any kind, but
carties a .38 pistol loaded with silver bullets.

Prosect Twiueat


Michael Norge

Position: Pangloss General Manager

Nature/Demeanor: Predator/Director

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5 (Karate), Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Finance 3, Investigation 3, Law 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3 (Garou), Politics 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: A\llies 4, Contacts 4, Resource 5

Powers: Michael is immune to the Delirium.

Willpower 7

Fetishes: Michael has one Bane fetish which gives him the level one Homid Gift, Persuasion. He has another which gives him
the equivalent of the fomori power, Hide of the Wyrm (+3 soak).

Merits/Flaws: Garou Kin/Intolerance (Garou)

Image: Michael is an athletic man in his late thirties. He dresses tastefully, if somewhat austerely, in custom-made suits. He
has short, wavy black hair which is going gray at the temples. The overall impression is one of dignity. Aside from his hair and his
age he is a dead ringer for his half brother, Samuel

Roleplaying Hints: You have not been treated fairly by Pentex. You were the fastest up-and-coming young executive at
Magadon before that unfortunate incident with the fomor. The creature had gone mad and was violating Pentex security protocols,
so youhad him destroyed. End of story, right? Wrong, [t turns out that particular fomor wasa favorite of the sociopath, Harold Hines.
After that your career did a nose dive and you began to fear for your life.

Here at Pangloss, you are relatively safe, but your career is still going nowhere. You ate too big a fish for this small pond, but,
come hell or high water, Pentex will give you your due. With the creation of Kyrysma you are on the fast track again. You believe
in the virtue of long-term planning. Despite the fact that you were cheated out of your Garou heritage, you know that you have a
great destiny ahead in the service of the Wyrm, and
you have prepared yourself accordingly

Background: Michael is the half-brother of
Samuel Norge, but, unlike Samuel, he did not breed
true. It is for this reason that he has developed an
aversion to the Garou. His distaste extends to his
associates in the Black Spiral Dancers, though he
hides it well. His father had some pull in Pentex and
got him his job at Magadon. After his falling-out
with Magadon's President, Harold Hines (see
Monkeywrench Pentex) Michael wasdemoted and
transferred to his current position at Pangloss. Here
he plots his comeback and eventual revenge.

Michael Norge is a very serious and intens
individual, just like his brother. He is also ruthless,
but prudent in the exercise of his power. In any
altercation with the agents, he will exhaust all legal
remedies before resorting to violence.

Special: In an effort to compensate for the fact
that he is not Garou, Michael has trained himself
rigorously in the martial arts. He is also well-versed
in the use of various weapons and is far more
formidable than his restrained demeanor may
indicate. An agent who thinks she is dealing with a
corporate creampuff may be in forasurprise. Despite
his fighting abilities, Michael will avoid any
physical altercations with the characters.

Equipment: Black Mercedes, 9mm automatic
with a silencer, hollow point silver bullets, silver
stiletto, expensive suits

Guaren Six: The St. Caine Gonraact


Siren Products

Siren has a large line of Bane-tainted products. Four of
these are at work in St. Claire. As the majority of the town's
population works for Pangloss in some capacity, most residents
receive Siren products for free. The incidence of use here is
thus far higher than it is in the general population. The
agents may well notice that the people of St. Claire seem to
be healthierand more attractive than they are anywhere else
this side of a California beach. This is not just because of
good country air and clean living. All of the more harmful
effects caused by Siren products are Bane-related and thus
difficult to detect from a scientific standpoint. Pangloss
producesa line of generic imitation Siren products forsale at
cheaper prices. Their motto is that they give you "the best of
all possible faces."

© Rejuviderm: Called a "facelift in a tube," Rejuviderm is
a facial beauty mask which hides all physical imperfections in
human skin. In addition, itgivestheskin ahealthy, natural glow
while the user appears not to be wearing makeup at all
Rejuviderm adds one dot to a person's Appearance when worn
(maximum 5). The downside of Rejuviderm is twofold. The
first is relatively minor: a slight blotchiness and unevenness to
the skin which persists fora month after the person stops using
the product. The second effect is far more insidious. The Bane
in the product affects the users' minds, making them extremely
paranoid about theirphysical appearance. Theslightest blemish
or imperfection will become an all-consuming obsession. Only
continued use of the product can allay this dementia. The
preoccupation will take up much of the user's energy and
self-esteem, ultimately resulting in a permanent drop of
Charisma by two dots. After many years of use, the product
will stop working for about 10% of its users, leaving them in
a hell of self-hatred and revulsion.

© Entice: This is the makeup developed by Siren to
create its servitors, the Enticers (see Book of the Wyrm).
The cost of the makeup is prohibitive, therefore Pentex only
uses it on carefully screened subjects. A local girl, Sharon
Miller, is one such candidate. The Enticer drug is highly
addictive and most users are fully in its clutches within two
weeks, Enticers will do anything to obtain continued doses
of the makeup and are thus some of Pentex's most loyal
agents. The user goes through four distinct phases before
becoming a full-fledged Enticer. Each phase but the final
one lasts about a week.

Phase One: Larval Stage — The first week of use is one
of heady euphoria, The user gains one dot of Appearance
and is more sexually attractive to those around her. The act,
of love-making is greatly enhanced and the user feels a
general sense of well-being. She will be swept off her feet.
Very few people are able to break free of the near instant
addiction that arises during this stage.

Phase Two: Demi-Enticer — During this phase the
Demi-Enticer may recover some of her rationality and be

84

Provect Twiuigat

able to break free of the addiction if she wishes (Willpower
roll, difficulty 6, three successes required). It is in this phase
that the user begins to change physically. The skin develo
glands that excrete a super-powerful pheromone. The user is
also surrounded by the Wyrm-derived Veil which makes the
Enticer so alluring. This Veil confers an immunity to the
Delirium.

Phase Three: Pupal Stage — This is the most dangerous
stage of the Enticer's development. During this period the
user has all of the powers of a full-blown Enticer, but none
of the control. The Enticer Pupa will experience wild mood
changes, swinging between sexual highs and devastating
depression. The Enticer is not thinking properly at this
stage, which is somewhat like an extended LSD trip. Some
Enticers also have wild hallucinations which can affect
those around them.

Obviously, this phase is very dangerous and Pentex
usually keeps its Enticers sequestered during this time. It is
also the final stage in which the Enticer may try to throw off
the Bane that is trying to possess her. If she is on the verge
ofsuccess, the Bane may reverse its usual powers ofattraction,
making the Enticer an object of hatred and revulsion to
those around her. The Bane will only do this asa measure of
last resort, since a Bane can not survive the death of its host.
During this stage the Enticer also undergoesher final physical
metamorphosis; her teeth become sharp and barbed. At
some point during this phase, the user will no longer need
the make-up to complete her transformation, although she
is still addicted.

Phase Four: Enticer — The final and permanent stage.
The user is now a full- fledged Enticer with all of the powers
of her kind. Enticers can take on any form they desire,
shaping their appearance toplease and ensnare their victims.
They are able to pull images of perfection directly from their
quarry's mind, and can even fool more than one person ata
time in this manner (appearing differently to two different
people). Pentex uses Enticers to lure its enemies into traps,
ortoseduce them into the service of the Wyrm. Enticers may
be of either sex. They are generally well-paid and well-
treated within the organization.

© Kyrysma: Kyrysma is the invention of Pangloss's St.
Claire facility; itis currently being used only in the St. Claire
test market. Kyrysma is a sexual/violence attractor disguised
asawoman's perfume. Kyrysma makes the user more sexually
desirable to the opposite sex, but the nature of the attraction
is violent; those who are attracted to the user will also wish
to harm her. With this product, Michael Norge hopes to
increase the incidence of rape and domestic violence
nationwide.

© Satyr-day Night: The advertising personality for this
line of men's colognes is a leering satyr, who is always
surrounded by fawning lingerie models. The commercials
promise the user increased self-confidence, and the cologne
keeps this promise, aftera fashion. The user becomesasexual


"gh cs A Sf —-

predator who desires to use, degrade and discard women. If
the user is notable to get them by means of seduction he may
do so through other means.

The effects of this product are subtle, but cumulative
over long periods of time. The product is not a huge seller
because most men don't like it (it makes them "feel weird"),
but Pangloss will keep it on the market as longas it continues

to corrupt a small portion of the male population. If taken
internally its effects are multiplied 10-fold. Those who use
y desire to ingest

the cologne long enough will subconscious
it. Pangloss covers itself legally by printing "not intended for
internal use" on every bottle. Kyrysma and Satyr-day Night
have a synergistic effect on each other.

OtherEvents

That day, at the local high school, two members of the
football team get into a violent brawl in the hallway. Later
that night, Brenda Thompson gives the cheerleader, Sharon
Miller, another dose of Entice. In return, she is expected to
"entertain" one of Michael Norge's business contacts.

The agents will notice that their nightmares are getting worse.

Scene Four (Tuesday)

The bodies of the two hunters killed by the Nappy
Napper are found outside the abandoned twine factory. The
police are called in. Since the crime is obviously connected
with the kidnappings, they call in the agents.

The Twine Factory

The twine factory isa large, boxlike affairsurrounded by
forest on every side. It has been abandoned since the early
seventies. It is covered with rusted metal siding and its
grounds are rapidly being reclaimed by the forest. Outside, a
careful investigation may uncover some boot prints which
match those found at the Wheeler residence.

The two hunters have been gutted in a manner similar
to the murdered Pangloss guard. It looks as if some other
animals have gotten to the bodies since then. The real
horror, however, is inside the factory. Behind a padlocked
door (the lock is brand new, while the door is rusted and old)
one of the rooms has been transformed into a twisted parody
ofa children's nursery. There is a crib, some toys and some
children's art on the wall. There is also a bloody pair of
children's pajamas balled up and shoved in the corner. In
another comer, there is a mall, floor-level ventilation shaft
with the screen pried off.

Behind the plant lies a shallow grave containing the
bodies of two of the missing children. Anna Wheeler's
daughter is not one of them.

Despite appearances, the Nappy Napper does not live
here; this is his "family place." There is a chilling air to the
place and the agents will feel decidedly uneasy. The police
will bring hunting dogs with the hope of tracking the Nappy
Napper, but the dogs are skittish and refuse to follow. The
police believe the kidnapper may return and will offer three
men to stake out the location. The characters may wish to

join them.

High School Disturbance

Later that day, the high school football captain walks
into the locker room, pulls his father's gun from his pocket,
and shoots his best friend between the eyes. News of the
horrendous act spreads like wildfire through the town. The
police will try to keep the agents far away from this case,
claiming (rightly) that it is purely a local matter. If the
characters decide to involve themselves they will need a
very compelling reason to do so. They will have to pull some
strings in order to get permission to interview the two
principles in the case. The police have the team captain in
custody. They also call in Sharon Miller, and Police Chief
Olson questions her personally. This is strictly a formality,
however, and she is released. Her parents and their lawyer

are also present. They will resist any involvementon the part
of the agents.

Jack Stevenson: Jack Stevenson is the captain of the
football team and has always had a crush on Sharon Miller.
This crush tured into a full-blown obsession last month
(since she started using Entice). Jack became jealous of his
best friend, who seemed to have won Sharon's favor. During
the course of the interview, it will become obvious that he
is genuinely remorseful forthe act. He will insist that Sharon
had nothing to do with the death. He will further confide
that most of the boys (and some teachers) are totally smitten
by her.

If the agents manage (by hook or crook) to interview
Sharon Miller, they will find her to be distracted, upset
about the shooting and nearly impossible to resist.

Gunpren Six: Tue St. Cusine Gonrract 85

Sharon Miller

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Reveler/Child

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5,

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Empathy 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Music 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics | (French), Occult 2, Science 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources | (parents have Resources 4)

Powers: At the time of the murder, Sharon is in the final days of the second stage of the Enticer metamorphosis. Those around her
must make a Willpower roll (dificulty 6) or be enamored by her. In another day or so, she will be in the third stage. She will have the full
powers of the Enticer, but little control.

Enhancement: The Enticer can become any living creature's ideal mate by scanning the target's mind. The Enticer must make a
Charisma + Empathy rll againsta dfhaley equal to che opponene's Willpower. This power ean alse disguise the Bncicer in les-appealing
forms for the purpose of hiding or escaping.

Succubus Veil: This power requires a Manipulation + Subterfuge roll against the targets Wits + Primal-Urge (or Willpower for
normal), Ifthe Enticer is succesful, the targets enthralled, ond wants nothing but to serve the Entioer's whims.

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Merits: Iron Will

Image: Visually, Sharon Miller is the archetype of the homecoming queen, She is a blonde, tan, buxom and athletic young woman
of eighteen. She dresses well and usually modestly. The past month, however, she has started dressing more provocatively, much to her
parents' chagrin

Roleplaying Hints: God, your life's gotten weird the past month. A few weeks ago, you were making plans for homecoming. After
that, you were going to go to NYPI to study veterinary medicine (you've always liked animals). Now Miss ‘Thompson and that creepy Mr.
Norge are talking $200,000--year modeling contracts Hollywood, and, lets not be naive... prostitution. The weird thing is, you're really
tempted. If nothing else it would show your folks a thing or two.

The last few weeks have been the strangest, wildest, and, in many ways, the best of your life. You're on a permanent high; you know
it has something to do with the makeup they've given you.

On one level, you realize that what is going on here is wrong. It's like you're not in control anymore, like there's two people inside your
head. On the other hand, youre enjoying the hell out of yourself The parties, the sex, the attention. It scares you, but you realize there
isn't anything you wouldn't do for more of the makeup.

Now, if only Mr. Norge didn't give you the absolute

heebie-jeebies. And that Miss Thompson? Marilyn Quayle
on speed, man.

Background: Sharon Miller was bon to one of the
wealthier families in town. Her parents both have high
positions with Pangless and are completely loyal tothe

4

company. Both are aware of the Wyrm and follow it,
though in a very tepid sort of way. They know that their
daughter has been chosen for some sort of advanced
position "at Pangloss; but they don't: know the specifies

hey are prepared to allow her be manipulated by Norge
in order to advance their own careers.

Sharon's parents place great value on respeceabilicy,
and are a little disappointed in their daughter, who has
‘always beens(comeymie' unconventional: /Suaran hes
Compensated for the fact that herparentsareratherdistant
toward het by havinga erégatious social life arschool. She
has been sexually active for several years. She is well-liked
by everyoneather school and has not resrcred herself 0,
one clique. Its generally conceded that shewill be chosen
to be the homecoming queen.

Sharon Miller is a very strong-willed gitl and is
equipped with a good (though confused) moral compass.
Pitted against these qualities is an addiction to a very
porgntdrug. The outcome shy nomeans eran, Despite
her homecomting- queen image, she is actually something
ofa tom-boy, Her parents are quite insistenc that she tow
the line and confonn euithie resected noni:

Equipment: Credit card, mace, fashionable clothes,
red sportscar

Note: Sharon hasalready used herabilitiesfor Pentex
(Ge Woes c busines deal) bur che has rie yer been
asked todo anything tharsoesigainsehec personal morals
Ultimately, if she serves Pentex, she will be told to help
them kill someone. If she is completely addicted to the
makeup, she will comply. If they try to push iton her too

soon, however, she will rebel. Sh aron M il ler

86 Provect TwiuaHt


Dmitri

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers (former Silver Fang)
Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Gallant
ical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)
: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/3/3)
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3 (whip), Leadership 3, Performance 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics 3 (Russian, French), Occult 4 (Wyrm), Politics 2, Rituals 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Pure Breed 3, Resources 5, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Spirit Speech; (2) Awe, Command Spirit, Jam Technology, Name the Spirit
5 , Willpower 6

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Devil Whip

Image: Dmitri is a handsome devil. He is tall with short blonde hair, and dresses like a 1940s movie star (fedora, double breasted
suit, etc.). He has very straight white teeth with prominent canines. There is something rather predatory about him. In wolf form,
he is snow white with a perfect black diamond patch between his eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Life was meant to be enjoyed. If the strong must derive pleasure at the expense of the weak, so much the
better. If you see something you want, you take it. Norge is just a provincial bureaucrat who doesn't see the big picture. He thinks
he runs the show? You've not gotten to where you are by letting the local boys tell you what to do. You'll handle things your own
way and have a good time doing it
yund: Dmitri is a former Silver Fang of Russian birth, Although a high- born who was groomed for a position of power,
his sympathies lay with the Wyrm. After delivering his pack leader's head to the Spirals as a token of his esteem, he became a full-
fledged member. His pack did occasional work for Pentex; before long he became a freelance trouble-shooter for the company. He
isnow much in demand. He isthe owner ofa respectable import/export company. Despite his unorthodox manner, he has maintained
an unblemished police record.

Dmitri isa deviant anda sadist. His Black Spiral derangement is Habromania (morbid gaiety) which manifests itselfas.a twisted
sense of humor. Unlike many Black Spirals, he can pass as sane in human society, but his henchmen (especially Janet Booth) have
to rein him in from time to time. Falling into Dmitri's hands is about the worst thing that could happen to Sharon Miller.

Equipment: Bullet-proof limo (on loan from Pangloss), two .45 pistols, double breasted suit, dark sun glasses, radio

Guapren Six: The St. Cuatne Contract 87

zs = atta a, n

Janet Booth (Human)

Nature/Demeanor: Predator/Loner
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4 (Gojo Ryu), Intimidation 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4 (rifle), Melee 3, Repair 2, Security 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Covert Culture 2, Investigation 3, Military Science 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources 4

Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Underworld Ties/One Eye

Image: An athletic woman with a medium build and short cropped black hair. She dresses for the outdoors (blue jeans, brown
leather jac he is missing her left eye and wears a mismatched glass in its place (her real eye is black, the fake one is blue).
She ustally wears yellow blue-blocker hunting glasses.

Roleplaying Hints: Dmitri is a good leader and one hell of an assassin, but he needs a steady hand at the rudder. You're the
facilitator, the one that makes sure that things get done and that the others don't get too out of hand.

Background: A former agent for the CIA, Janet shattered the glass ceiling. She was assigned to many covert operations
(including assassinations) in Central and South America. One of her missions brought her into contact with Pentex, and
the corporation offered her a better deal. She is the only one of Dmitri' followers who isn't a total misfit and can blend easily
with society. She has no police record and the CIA still tends to pick up after her.

Janet is an ice-cold assassin and the only rational person in the troupe. She receives extra money from Pentex to make
sure that Dmitri doesn't go too far over the line. She tries to avoid combat, preferring to pick her targets off at long range with
her sniper rifle

Equipment: High-powered sniper rifle with telescopic night scope, .45 pistol (with silver bullets), silver-plated dagger,
night-vision goggles, Kevlar vest, radio

Proseet Twiuiet


A S44 = ZS crs ra

0)

Cracker Dan (Kinfolk)

Nature/Demeanor: Bravo/Bravo

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 4 (baseball bat), Stealth 2,

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 3

Willpower 5

Merits: Garou Kinfolk, Huge, Underworld Ties

Image: Cracker Dan is a bald, bull-necked man in his late thirties. He is impressively large and extremely ugly, with
arather piggish quality about him. His head is tattooed around with a red, Nordic-looking dragon, and a stylized swastika
on top.

Roleplaying Hin
get any better than this

Background: Cracker was born into the Black Spiral tribe and has always been loyal to its cause. He is also a member
of WAR (White Aryan Resistance), a racist group of thugs spread throughout the nation. He is bitter that he wasn't born
Garou, and is even more violent in order to compensate for it. He has a criminal record (assault, hate crimes, attempted
murder), but has served his time; he is not currently wanted. He carries a gun illegally, which may give the agents an excuse
to arrest him, if they find out about his criminal record.

Equipment: .50 AE Desert Eagle (with silver bullets), baseball bat studded with silver-plated steel studs (Strength
+2 damage; his bat is nicknamed Mjolnir, which will cause much angst when he meets Andrew Lee), case of beer, rented
motorcycle

urvival 2

You work for Dmitri, ‘cause that's were the action is. Gettin' paid to smash people? Man, it doesn't

Guapren Six: Tue St. Caine Contract 89

< Seta ag

Hard-Core (Human)

Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Deviant

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4 (climbing), Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Streetwise 4 (drugs), Subterfuge 2

4 (get away), Firearms 2, Melee 4 (garrote), Music 3 (electric guitar), Repair 2, Ste

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Resources 3

Willpower 4

Flaws: Addiction (speed), Masochist

Image: Hard-Core is a human pincushion. He has pierced almost every part of his body (ears, nose, nipples, genitals,
tongue). His hair is long on one side, shaved on the other, and dyed multiple colors. He wears leather pants, a dirty T-shirt
and a leather jacket (all fashionably torn). His body is also adorned with multiple tattoos, most of which are obscene.

Roleplaying Hints: F*****"-A! Its An-ar-chy in the U-S-A!

Background: When he was younger Hard-Core used to travel around the country in a van nicknamed the Mystery-
mobile, with his clean-cut teenage friends and their dog. The others were whiz-kids and fancied themselves detectives. One
was a chemist, and got him strung out on speed. When he began to freak out they dumped him and the dog on the side of
the road. Since then, he's been everywhere and done everything (or so he thinks). He is a competent punk/metal fusion
guitarist. He has been convicted for a string of crimes (most drug-related), but his record has recently been cleaned up for
him by Pentex.

Hard-Core doesn't know if he's a punk anarchist, or a metal head, He just knows that he likes getting a good rush on,
making a lot of noise and bashing people over the head. He is a total speed freak and Dmitri uses his addiction to keep him
in line. Hard-Core is the most likely to lose it in a fire-fight. He is very stealthy and is under the impression that he can walk
in the Umbra and turn invisible. His only real friend is his dog, Spewey-Doo.

Equipment: Silver-plated switch-blade, .38 pistol (silver bullets), electric guitar, garrote with silver plated wire and
handles, various drugs

Paogeet Twiuiet


Scene Five (Wednesday)

Dmitri and company arrive in town. They are picked upat
the local airport by Pangloss security and driven to Pangloss to
meet Michael Norge. Dmitri and Norge immediately dislike
each other. Dmitri will view Norge as too cautious and overly
concerned about appearances. Furthermore, Norge won't give
Dmitri much in the way of support personnel; he needs all his
men to protect the plant. Dmitri is a loose cannon and Norge
is concemed that he might draw too much attention to the
plant. Norge will give Dmitri several assignments. Dmitri is to
hunt down and kill the Nappy Napper (who is disrupting
Norge's social experiments), eliminate the outsider Garou and
keep tabs on the agents.

Dmitri has brought his own team (Janet Booth, Cracker
Dan and Hard-Core). They are a loyal and well-organized
company. All have radio head-gear through which they keep in
contact with one another, and all have been treated by Pentex
to make them immune to the Delirium. They are a pretty
degenerate bunch, and because of their odd appearance will
stand out around town; but they have enough money and
Pentex-supplied lawyers to keep out of trouble with the law.
The police have orders not to interfere with them.

The stage is set. Dmitri decides to go after the Steppin'
Wolves first. If he actually meets the Nappy Napper, he will be

Guapren Six: Tue St. Cuatne Contract

also expresses an interest in meeting Sharon Miller. Sharon's
parents are called to arrange a meeting, but the girl has
disappeared. After the shooting she needed to getaway to think
things over, and she is now distractedly wandering around the
outskirts of town. It is possible that she may blunder into one of
the upcoming situations (Storyteller's discretion).

Pangloss Break-In

Over the last few days, the Steppin' Wolves have been
keepinga low profile and doingsome research about the town.
Caprice has investigated the Pangloss plantand found out that
its manager is Michael Norge. She tells the rest of her pack.

On Wednesday night, the Steppin' Wolves break into
Pangloss. Dmitri and his gang are not at the plant and arrive
to0 late to catch the Steppin' Wolves. Two guards are killed.
The break-in is captured on security video and Michael Norge
notices the family resemblance between he and Samuel. He
willnotshow the film tothe agents. Iftheagentsfindoutabout
the break-in, the police will insist that it isa local matter (they
won't back down this time).

The Steppin' Wolves find no direct clues to Wyrm
presence at the plant, and decide that Norge Valley will be
their destination for tomorrow.


Stu Powell (a.k.a. the Nappy Napper)

I low something about opening windows end doors
Tlenow how to move quietly, wo creep across creaky wooden floors
I know where to find precious things in all your cupboards and drawers

Inoruder's happy in the dark

— Peter Gabriel, "Intruder"
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ragabash
Tribe: Ronin (former Bone Gnawer)
Nature: Masochist/Martyr
Demeanor: Sycophant/Penitent
ical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)
: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1)
Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
lertness 4, Athletics 4 (swim), Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise
Performance 1, Stealth 5 (slinking), Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3 (riddles), Investigation 3 (spying), Occult 3, Rituals 1
Backgrounds: Rites |
Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal, Nose of the Hungry Hound, Scent of Running Water, Scent of Sweet Honey;
(2) Burrow
Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5
Rank: 0 (formerly 2)
Rites: Talisman Dedication

92 Provect Twiuent

Fetishes: The Lost Keyring

Merits/Flawst Pitiable, Double Jointed, Acute Hearing,
Acute Smell/ Haunted, Nightmares, Severe Phobia (Bone
Gnawers/Nosferatu), Low Self-Image, Sensitive to Light,
Amnesia, Compulsion (murder)

Image: Stu Powell is a bedraggled, Gollum-like figure.
He has deathly white skin, matted hair and bulging eyes. He
doesn't walk, butslinks, and perpetually looks like he'safraid
of being hit, He dresses in torn jeans, a dirty leather jacket,
a baseball cap (worn backwards) and combat boots. He also
wears sunglasses because he is light sensitive. He has an
eight-ball wrapped around his neck. Of course, you are not
likely to see him before he wraps his fingers around your
throat. There is something amphibian about him. In wolf
form, he is manged, almost to the point of being bald. His
fangs are crooked and yellow. He has the eight-balll around
his neck in any form.

Roleplaying Hints: Cute, cute little baby. Why not
pick him up? They hits, and hits, and hits and hits you. Tried
to kill you. But you got away. Bad, bad Boney Gnawers. Bad,
ugly necky biters. Good, good Nappy Napper. Never wants
to hurt anyone. Just wants to play. Baby. Baby. He's just a
play thing. Remember them all, every one. Follow you, they
do. Follow. Follow. Follow. Try to be nice. Play good, but
nasty babies cry and cry. Bad, bad noise. Make them stop!
Hush. Hush. Hush.

Background: Stu Powell is both contemptible and
unredeemable. He is a masochist who has turned his self-
loathing into the most vile of crimes, the abuse and murder
of children. He deceives himself into stealing them so he can
"take care of them," perhaps earning redemption for his past
crimes. Inevitably, they prove "too fragile" and die, after
which he punishes himself in a paroxysm of flagellation and
self-abuse.

Powell's past is shrouded in mystery. Even he doesn't
remember his early life, though it was obviously full of abuse.
His earliest memories are of Miami and the early ‘70's. He
was responsible for the death of six children. His actions
becameathreatto both the Veil and the vampire Masquerade.
An alliance of Bone Gnawers and Nosferatu hunted him
down and trapped him in the sewers. An impromptu field
court was convened and the Bone Gnawers performed the
Black Ball rite (see Bone Gnawer Tribebook) on him, but
this was merely a formality, since the penalty was death. A
severe beating followed, but Powell managed to escape.
Since that time, he has been a pariah, even among the
outcast Bone Gnawers. He has stuck mostly to the
countryside, since he is well known among the Bone Gnawers
and would be killed on sight in the city. He has traveled
extensively, spreading misery through a number of towns
since then.

Ifthe agents do some research on similar cases, they will
discover parallels to Powell's St. Claire killings in many
towns over the past two decades (Cindy Crawley has also
figured this out).

Cunpren Six: Tue St. Guatne Contact

Powell is a coward and will flee when confronted,
though if trapped, he will fight like a cornered rat. He likes
the sewersand the abandoned coal mine where he's taken up
residence. He is a superlative swimmer and will attack
pursuers where the water is deepest. If beaten, he will whine
and plead for mercy.

Special: Powell believes he is haunted by the ghosts of
the children he has murdered. He is right. They tormenthim
and will try to distract him when he is in danger. This gives
the agents an unseen ally in combat. He mutters about the
"ghosties" to himself. The characters may over hear this and
use it against him.

Equipment: Skinning knife, teddy bear, rattle, locket
with a woman's picture in it (possibly his mother — this is
his only valued possession.)

Scene Six Thursday)

Very early Thursday morning, before dawn, the Nappy
Napper strikes again. He abducts a young girl named Carol
Anne from between her sleeping parents and brings her to the
twine factory. He is outraged that people have invaded his
"special place." He is as silent as death and is likely to surprise
the three police on stake-out around the plant. If only police
are there he will attack them, killing two (the third flees). Ifthe
agents are there, the odds will be different. He may or may not
attack in this case, but Carol Anne will see them and cry for
help. If confronted in force, the Napper will retreat back
toward his hiding place. His flight will carry him through the
heart of Norge Valley.

The characters (or the surviving policeman if they're not
there) may notice that the Nappy Napper is covered with mud
and coal dust. Ifthe agentsask the police what the significance
of this might be the police will remember that "Oh, yeah.
There's an abandoned coal mine just south of Norge Valley."

The Nappy Napperis addle-brained and will not think to
change to Crinos form (thus invoking the Delirium and
insuring his escape) during this initial encounter. He will carry
the screaming girl off with him as he retreats. The Nappy
Napper runs, howling curses behind him into the woods. The
agents may be in hot pursuit.

Encounter in Norge Valley

The Steppin' Wolves are investigating Norge Valley at
the same time that the Nappy Napper is fleeing through it.
If he is unpursued, he will pass them by unnoticed. If he is
being pursued by the agents there will probably be a fair
amount of noise (screaming, gun shots), which will attract
their attention.

When the Steppin' Wolves arrive on the scene, they
will notice that Powell smells strongly of the Wyrm and they
will attack him, after shifting to Crinos. This will invoke the
Delirium, which may take the agents out of the action then
and there. They are likely to remember this encounter as a
fight between vicious dogs.


The Storyteller should play up this first encounter with
the Garou for all its worth, especially if the characters have
never seen a Garou before. Their fingers should freeze on
their gun triggers. The moon is full — or is it? The trees
dance around them as if in a mad ball. The Delirium may be
made even worse because of the nature of the valley (plus
one difficulty to Willpower rolls). Instead of four wolves
they may see hundreds — or maybe they just hear some
barking and see a stray run by. Other Norge Valley residents
who come out to see what's going on will see things too, but
be no better equipped to deal with them than the agents
(though they are accustomed to seeing weird things)

Powell will flee rather than fight. Using his Gifts, Blur
of the Milky Eye and Scent of Running Water, he can
become nearly invisible and untraceable. He has a good
chance of escaping. If he still has the girl, the Steppin'
Wolves will try to rescue her, but he will not let her go
without a struggle. If they manage to rescue her they will
leave her with the agents. The girl will be slightly stunned,
but otherwise unharmed. None of the Steppin' Wolves will
attack the agents, unless they are attacked first. Caprice may
try to lift one of the Delirium-stunned agents' pockets (Gift:
Taking the Forgotten) to find out who they are. She may also
prank them (tie their shoe laces together, etc.). If the
Steppin' Wolves manage to kill the Nappy Napper, the
agents will find his badly mangled body nearby.

If the Nappy Napper escapes this encounter (likely),
the Steppin' Wolves won't be able to trace him and will
leave the scene. The agents, on the other hand, may now
know about the coal mine (or can find out about it in town)

Storyteller's Note: For proper dramatic effect the
Steppin' Wolves should probably not be able to rescue the
girl, thus leaving it up to the agents. The agents should
realize that time is of the essence in rescuing her. Her peril
should force the agents to plunge directly into the dangers of
the coal mine in the next scene without debate

The Coal Mine

very few mongooses, however wise and old they may be,
care to follow a cobra into its hole
— Rudyard Kipling, Rikki-Tikki-Tavi
Abouta mile to the south of Norge Valley is the Harold
and Harold coal mine. The mine has been abandoned for
over 30 years, but even after all this time the devastation to
the surrounding environment is impressive. If any of the
agents know something about mining they will notice that
the company could not have done more damage to the
environment if they tried. The area is both extensively strip
and contour mined; it has one main shaft sunk into the side
of the hill. A rusted sign reads: "Harold and Harold # 217."

The entrance is partially collapsed (as are a number of
the tunnels). Loud sounds within the mine shaft are likely to
cause even more collapses. Several tunnels are neck deep in
water and others are completely submerged. More than
once, a pair of boot prints lead toa seeming dead end, where
there is a water-filled hole in the floor. The agents will be

94 Parogect Twiuieat


expected toswim through these tunnelsifthey wish tocontinue
pursuit. There are also rats, Hundreds of them.

The Nappy Napperknows the caves well and will use them
to his best advantage, retreating and counter-attacking. If the
Nappy Napper has managed to escape with Carol Anne, he will
bringher directly here. Ifshe is not rescued quickly, she will not
survive the experience. Following him in is near suicide (but
you know characters!).

The agents cannot call on the police for fear of violating
SAD security (ifthey've figured out Powell isa werewolf). Ifthe
agents do call the police they will volunteer up to five men
(good cannon fodder). A call for back-up to SAD at this point
will notrender assistance for two days, so the agents may as well
take the plunge. If so, this should be a climax of sorts for the
characters. The Storyteller should play up the fact that the
agents are doing the equivalent of following a snake into its
hole, Everything should be difficult. The floors are slick and
lined with mudandcoal slag, There are treacherous, unexpected
sink holes and small side passages. There are also shafts leading
up; the Nappy Napper may be waiting in one of these.

The agents may go into town to buy some supplies (rope,
waterproof flashlights, matches). Flashlights can get lost, or
broken, however. The Storytellershouldhavesomefun whittling
down the number of light sources one by one as the agents get
further into the tunnels. There isalso. great opportunity to get
lost if they do not mark their trail. (Don't remind them, unless
one of them has the Common Sense Merit.)

The mine is extensive and has a number of smaller exits
throughout the area. These may provide an avenue of escape for
the agents (if they are lost or trapped), but they also provide an
exit for the Nappy Napper. Near one end of the mine, the
Nappy Napper has uncovered the remains of 12 miners who
were killed in the collapse of 55. The bones have been gnawed,
but whether by ratsorby Powell isuncertain. Laterresearch may
reveal that Harold and Harold gave up the search for the miners
because it wasn't "cost effective.

When the Nappy Napper realizes that his home has been
invaded, he will goberserk. He will notattack directly, however.
Instead he will harry the intruders, using the Umbra, his
knowledge ofthe mineandhissuperlativestealth and swimming
skillstofull advantage. Atleast one agent may be pulled into the
dark, muddy water by him.

Ac the extreme end of the mine is a small subterranean
pond fed by rainfall and underground springs (riddles, anyone').
Ieis unlikely that Powell will be captured alive, so either he or
the agents may not walk out of Harold and Harold # 217. If
Powell escapes, he may meet with Dmitri, who is looking for
him. The two may come to an understanding.

Scene Seven (Thursday night/
Friday)

If the agents manage to capture or kill the Nappy Napper,
their mission is officially at an end — or is it?

The agents have probably already divined that there is
more going on in town than the kidnappings. Osbourne will
listen to the agents' recommendations and allow them to stay
if they request it. If the Nappy Napper has somehow been
captured, the agents will be ordered to return with him to
headquarters immediately. Keep in mind, however, thatholding
acreature who can escape into the Umbrais very difficult. Ifthe
Nappy Napper has been killed, the agents will be ordered to
notify the police (but not the press). The agents are given the
authority toblock the local coroner from performing an autopsy;
a SAD scientist will be there the next day (unless one of the
characters can perform this duty, which requires Investigation
2, Medicine 3 and Science 2).

Pangloss is glad to be rid of the whole affair and will not
protest the agents' methods. The autopsy will reveal no
supernatural qualities to the body. The local coroner may then
make out his death certificate and the body will besenttoSAD
forfurther testing. In the wake of the case's closing, the press will
be notified. The agents may brief Danforth (excluding any
supernatural elements); he will handle the media. In the end
(barring any major gaffes) the reporters will be satisfied and will
move on to their next assignments (except Cindy Crawley).
The police will thank the agents profusely and then hint that it
is time they leave.

The Note

Thursday evening, when the agents return to their hotel,
they will find an envelope stuffed under the door. The note
inside is an urgent request for the agents to meet at the Loose
Caboose at eight o'clock. The note is unsigned and claims to
have valuable information.

The Loose Caboose

The letter is from Robert Hill. If the agents heed the letter
they will arrive to find the club in full swing. The place is noisy
and smoke-filled. Robert is sitting alone in a comer booth; he
"casually" tries to signal the agents over. He is thoroughly out
of his element here, His dress is pseudo biker and he is trying to
fit in. He is wearing dark sunglasses and chain smoking (he
doesn't smoke). It should quickly become apparent to the
agents that Robert has seen one too many spy movies.

Hill will relate his suspicions about Kyrysma. He admits
thathe has little chemical proof, but he will tell them about
his behavioral experiments and the death of his roommate.
He isn't sure what to do and is clearly scared. He will tell
them that he suspects the police are in on it and that Anna
Wheeler can back him up on his accusations.

Anna Wheeler

Brenda Thompson has been informed of the
conversation between Anna Wheeler and Robert Hill, as
wellas of Hill's visit to the agents' hotel. She determines that
this situation is dangerous to Pangloss and decides to take

Guapren Six: Tue St. Guine Contact


ANOITIM 19308,

Aqjeonsuarsereyoun ue ur no axis 01 suiBaq pure ‘a10}9q 1YsTU
ayp UL-yearq ay? saye jeuoRe auodaq sey 2810N

‘afin Woy Aeme 19y 193 UED ay MOY SUTWAYDS
sueys pur suejd umo sry ou 1y IysIw oys Jey sapIoep a}{
{c aWOSYIOOI,, 194 spuy Pue Jay]! UoreYg siaaM LNW]
soreunysru nay ur Apusutwosd ody
ew uawg pue ‘oun sip Bunp paysremr Sutaq are Ao
Jey osuas [JIM SuDse oy] "moUy Aayp Tey ano puy o7 An
pur eiquinuag ayy woy swuase ayy mopeys |]! LANG]
"yno pue ur 1yZno1q Buraq sy rods ew Aoyp
(219 ‘soueasip e woy JUE]d ay Yorem) punose doous 49u] J]
‘squad ayy Woy 19y apty |[at aBION YBnoyp ‘oor "uy YBNI,
uo9q sey uoreyg a[qissod st yp "a2euaUt jo asuas payloa
& YIN pal]y pue asuar ds94 st Suneaur sry y "Auedwos pue
Hau] OW [PEM AOU BION PEYDIA Ya!M per JaypoUe 105
sojBueg 02 uM a2 sUase oY J] ""Yo1oU Jopoue dn ounssoud
ays ryoIer 0} asooyD AvUT ays 10 ‘sypeaIq sey YDIeD 07
aoueyp v sroqoereyp ayp oats Aew J9]]a14102g atp UOHIga}99
SurMosowoy s,usior ay2 or SuIpeay skep om ay UT

siaquneauysaiyg

"ino sem ay ayryar yeys UONE|NUEA
B yBnoryp podeoso ayg "pasvos sem Ys ng ‘poulseY 10U SEA
dYg ‘soaed oy Moge SuOMMU day ay TYP UONUEUI os|e
[14 9yg ,: 4880p e ovr wm, pjnoo saddeupry ay Moy sudse
942 01 soquOsap ays "ase9 1addeyy Addenj au Uo BuIsvaq 9aey
Agur 31 adults oy SuTuONsanb woy suase aya dors 10U ][IM
sorjod ay J, "uoruinas pryreaa v aq ]]} a19yp ‘aarye [asst eULY
pawEYUN astauiatpo s| ays ang ‘amsodxa 40} qwoUneaN
20} Jeaidsoy [eo9] 942 01 1yZNoIg st aYg "storUNY Own Aq aaI]e
punoy st siysnep srajay,y euUY Burw0W AepiLy

Smayy poog Jo aaald Y

"poof 10} pueqsny
Joy 289] 01 PPSuans ayp aavy Aypeuy [Jl euUy "FOIUNODUa
styasaarains ays J] "4x9 pur yjeq e ovr dn qJor Aeut ay 0 , "Aan
siy Suop,, Wry Yim axayroqut o7 An Aoyp jt stuAse oY Yee
Acu 9p] FUP YIM pouappeur pure Buons st rojay/y\ Yue!
-uoneozay]2 ay joayppru arp owt aysuyea ystus Aatp ‘Oxy
08 02 aproap Aaya Jy "(Jas at Woy paddy uaaq s,suoyd
auf) Surprosar zap10-jo-Ino ue 3B [flav Aay? (41028 11H
Ajli9A 02) Jay [Jed WUase ayp J] ‘apaouaqUT sioIEIEYD aya
ssayun ayS1U0 arp [JIM ayg "JY saySuENs ay [UN sorepeose
Suneog ayy "oyia sty Surder pur Buneag awoy we st yueL
qt Bunsow ose syuose ayp rep our sures atp anoqe ry
BURP}
ss pood-enIxa ue, ayia SIY aaz8 07 aULOY sa08 19]904,\,
4aBue pur yunup y -1y!N Aep-s4aeg jo TuNoW |peMs e YT
wiry sosop Ajsnonnadauins osje apy ‘ayn siy asurese uo wIy,
Sur38o Ayjequan ay!yar ‘syUUp yuRLy SuyAng sues
"squonbay 19]99y fy YuesY WYP aoy Furzarem eI] ay 01 1Uase
ay soypaedsip ayg "uonrennis SasawLOp seuUYy Inoge sMOUY,
dys YOIsaIIC] suONwpY jeuosIg sy ‘ssopSueg o2 aqeareN
Ayisea ou pue apigns st ued sayy sa]]IWY euUy Jepanur
09 (PUDLY S,]]FH PaT|P] OYA duo owes vyp) siad70JUP ssopsuLg
dup Jo auO SIDEIUOD epualg "spueY UM IBY OIU! sIANeUL


blatant manner. He may decide to kill everyone he considers a
threatand worry about the ramifications later. Belowareseveral
of the options he might pursue:

a) If the Nappy Napper is still alive, Norge will direct
Dmitri tokill theagentsand make it look like the Nappy Napper
did it.

b) He may try to use Sharon to lure the agents (or at least
one of them) into a trap. She will probably rebel at this. She is
under the impression that if she can get through homecoming,
things will be all right. She will try to put him off until then.

c) Robert Hill will be killed in a lab fire.

d) Anna Wheeler will be pushed into some machines at
work (if she's still alive and returns to work)

The above plans may go into effect at the Storyteller's
discretion.

Scene Eight (Saturday —
Homecoming)

The day of the homecoming game has arrived. The
weather is beautiful and the town seems to have thrown off
the pall that has enshrouded it for the past month. Some of
the residents wanted to cancel the game in light of the recent
tragedies; the mayor, however, declared "damn the torpedoes"
in astirring radio address, and so the festivities will go on as
planned. It is Saturday and the town is out in force.

That morning, the mayor, the football team, the police
force and fire department, some local clubs and the
cheerleading squad march in the Homecoming parade.
Sharon Miller is on the "teen angels" float with the other
cheerleaders. Now entering the third stage of the Enticer
metamorphosis, she is at peak sexuality. A number of people
in the crowd notice this; some decide there is definitely
something wrong about her.

The Game

With one of their best players dead and another in jail,
the town is somewhat pessimistic about their chances of
beating Syracuse. The team is obviously psyched, however.
The cheerleaders, with Sharon Miller in the lead, are in rare
form. The stadium atmosphere is high with excitement; the
town is caught up in a celebratory mood; although it seems
there is something hollow and brittle beneath the festivities.
As evening falls, the weather turns blustery and cold.

Pangloss sends a "chaperone" to pick Sharon up after
the game, to make sure that she doesn't cause anymore
trouble. Sharon gives him the slip and disappears. If the
agents are tracking her they may be able to catch her if
they're fast enough. If they interfere with the chaperone (the
same guy who killed Hill's friend), he will pull a gun and start
shooting. This will give Sharon a chance to escape in the
rush. She may be able to control her shape-shifting abilities
enough to aid her escape (blending into the crowd). Ifshe is
caught by the agents she may comply with their demands
temporarily, but will take advantage of any opportunity to
escape. She is not above using her abilities to this end,
though she will not hurt anyone.

%)

The Bonfire

Note: The scene below doesn't happen if Sharon Miller is
in the custody of either Pentex or the agents.

The night is cold and clear.,A frigid wind keens through
the high school grounds, as a medium size crowd (300 people)
gathers for the homecoming bonfire. The agents may find
something vaguely familiarand disconcertingabout the bonfire,
a remnant from their dreams. The high school is on a hill
directly overlooking Norge Valley. There is often a negative
charge to the area, but tonight the charge is even stronger than
usual. The crowd is restless and edgy. The coach, principal, and
mayor give longer speeches than necessary in this cold. The
crowd becomes more agitated, though they still maintain the
appearance of team spirit. The coach takes the podium to
announce the names of the homecoming king and queen. The
king is the team's new quarterback, Martin Schwab. The queen
(to no one's surprise) is Sharon Miller.

Sharon ascends the platform to accept her crown, but she
is obviously disintegrating. She staggers to the podium and
delivers a rambling and incoherent speech. Earlier in the day
she madeaconsolidated and heroic effort to throw off the effects
of the Enticer drug. She had some success, but the outcome is
uncertain. The Bane possessing her is exercising its powers of
revulsion to upset the crowd, thus hoping to scare her into
submission. It is not able to overcome her powers of attraction
(as well as her natural charisma) completely, however. The
result is a crowd which suddenly becomes violently polarized.
Some in the crowd are still strongly attracted to Sharon. Others
do not understand what she is saying on the podium; they only
know they don't like it. A low murmur sweeps through the
audience.

Ifthe charactersare there, they must make Willpower rolls
(difficulty 6, two successes needed) to avoid getting caught up
in the frenzy of emotion. If they fail, their Nature (and general
opinion of Sharon) will decide which side of the fracas they fall
on. The crowd is split roughly 60/20 against her. Those who are
unaffected may still take sides, or may just try to get out of the

Despite her power, Sharon is just the spark that lights the
fuse. The area is a psychic powder keg and the spirit of the
original town is strong here tonight. The energies of the caer
areactingasacatalyst, extendingSharon'suncontrolled abilities
farbeyond theirnormal limits. Thenature of the caer (visions)
is causing many of the townspeople to tap into their ancestral
memories. Their Puritan roots are boiling to the surface. More
and more, the scene is taking on the look ofa witch burning. A
number of people may be flashing directly on visions of burning
the Wendigo healer.

Tofurthercomplicate matters, both Dmitriand theSteppin'
Wolves have zeroed in on the event. Dmitri and company were
watching from the back of the crowd. If he's alive, the Nappy
Napper may be with them. The Steppin' Wolves were even
further back, hiding among some nearby trees, In something of
areversal of their usual roles, Dmitri will try to "rescue" Sharon
(for his own purposes). The Steppin' Wolves may try to kill her
because she smells slightly of the Wyrm.

The anti-Sharon crowd gets the upper hand; Sharon is
pulled offthe platform and dragged toward the bonfire. Some in

Gurren Six: Tue St. Cusine Contact 97

the crowd are chanting "bum the witch!" Others are speaking
in tongues and shaking uncontrollably. Even as she is dragged
from the platform the characters may notice that she is not
screaming forhelp, butseems to be struggling fiercely with some
internal conflict. Ifthe characters present a consolidated front
to protect her (firing guns in the air, etc.) they may slow the
process down, but the crowd is in no mood to listen to reason.
They may turn on the agents as well.

If Dmitri and the Steppin' Wolves involve themselves,
they will go to Crinos form, thus changing the equation
significantly. Most of the crowd will beaffected by the Delirium.
The townspeople must add two difficulty to their Willpower
rolls for purposes of confronting the Delirium (because of the
town's history). The agents may be a bit more resistant by this
time. The Steppin' Wolves won't go out of their way to hurt the
crowd and are diverted from attacking Sharon by Dmitri's
presence. Dmitridoesn'tcareabouthurting innocent bystanders,
but he has better things to do, thus any fatalities in the crowd
are liable to be unintentional.

‘Anexchange of gunfire and hand-to-hand combat ensues.
Cracker Dan and Andrew Lee clash over who has the real
Mjolnir.Ifthey are till mentally cognizant enough to doso, the
agents may playa pivotal role here, when they figure out whose
side they're on. Because of the Veil, the crowd will remember
little of what occurs. Any Garou who die here will revert to
human form, thus leaving no real evidence.

Dmitri will try to get Sharon to his car fora quick getaway.
Ifhe has too much trouble doing this (he is willing to sacrifice
Cracker Dan and Hard-Core, but not Janet Booth to procure
Sharon), he will decide that it isn't worth the effortand beat a
hasty retreat. If he feels he has suffered too much during the
proceedings he may stop briefly on the way out of town to kill
Michael Norge. He may have to rush to beat the Steppin'
Wolves to it.

Epilogue

The bonfire is probably the culminating event in the
agents' mission to St. Claire. Ifthe Nappy Napper is dead, things
should quiet down considerably after this. The agents may still
stay in the town if they feel there are loose ends to tie up, but
more likely they will be recalled. The following things may
happen.

If Sharon Miller survives, she may be cut off from her
supply of Entice. Developmentally, she was on the cusp of
whether or not she needed it to complete her transformation.
She may recover completely after a few weeks and go on to live
anormal life. She may finish her metamorphosis, in which case
Pentex (or the agents) may try to reacquire her. If Michael
Norge and Brenda Thompson are dead Pentex won't have any
record of her (she was a private project). She might even strike
‘out on her own.

The St. Claire police and Pangloss security will manage to
keep the agents from investigating the Pangloss plant. Pentex
lawyers can fend offany legal inquiries indefinitely. SAD won't
wantto getcaughtup in any legal (and potentially high-profile)
entanglements, anyway.

Extensive chemical analysis of Pangloss's products will
tum up nothing conclusive (the active ingredients are Bane

related). Behavioral studies will show that they have a strong
affect on people. These tests will take several years. If made
public, this knowledge may harm Pangloss (or boost its sales
through the roof).

IfMichael Norge survives, he may find his career at Pentex
even further stunted.

IfRobert Danforth learns too much about the supernatural
from this case he will be recruited by SAD.

If the Steppin' Wolves survive, they will bring in other
arou (includingsome Wendigo) toperform Ritesof Cleansing
on the caern. In time, it is possible that the caern may revert to
its original state, thus saving the soul of the town.

Ifthe characters found some teal evidence, or information
of use to SAD, they will be commended. Extraordinary results
may be rewarded by promotion.

The following three scenes are outside of the story's main
chronology. They maybe activatedatthe Storyteller'sdiscretion,
or be initiated by the players

Scene A

Ifthe agents save Anna Wheeler (orare seen with Hill, or
questioning Sharon Miller) they will now be viewed by Brenda
Thompson asa threat, and she will convince Norge of this. He
still prefers to do things non-violently at this point. He will
contact the mayor (Edmund Richards), who in turn makesacall
to the FBI. He complains that the agents are overstaying their
welcome (he embellishes somewhat) and demands action. He
is friends with the governor and can raise enough ofa stink that
the FBI may pressure SAD to withdraw the agents. Ifthe agents
can defend theiractions to the department both Marsha Crowe
and Osbourne will go to bat for them. Fiske will protest, but be
overruled.

Intheend, the charactersshould be allowed to stay, butthe
outcome should be in doubt for a while. This bureaucratic in-
fightingis typical ofthe intelligence community. TheStoryteller
should roleplay it to the hile, forcing the characters to fight to
stay on the case.

This process will take one or two days, during which time
other things will be happening. Ifthe agents stay, Norge may be
forced toconsider the possibilitiesof"an unfortunateaccident."

If the Nappy Napper is still alive, skip this scene.
SceneB

Norge Valley Caern

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Visions (Nightmares)

Tribal Structure: Abandoned (Former Wendigo/Black
Spiral Dancers)

Note: This scene will occur when and if the characters
decide to investigate Norge Valley.

Throughout theadventure the Storytellershould hint that
Norge Valley is the center of something very bad. It may figure
strongly in their dreams, or they may feel uneasy whenever they

98 Progect Twiuieit


approach its perimeter (atthe Loose Caboose, Wheeler residence
or high school). Eventually, they might decidean investigation
is in order.

Bawn: The agents ill find Norge Valley disquieting from
the start. The Storyteller should start the excursion off subtly
(with small omens and portents), then build to a crescendo of
horror if the agents follow the trail to its conclusion. The first
thing the agents may see is a deer carcass blocking the road. It
has been hit by a truck and crows are scavenging it. One plucks
an eye outand flies directly over the agents with it. The valley
has a timeless quality about it. Even if the agents arrive in the
full brightness of morning, they will inevitably be startled to see
the shadows lengthening as the sun sets. The valley is often
shrouded by fog that lies in some dells even at noon.

Thereareapproximately 400people distributed throughout
the valley. Most of the homes are either dilapidated wooden
structures or trailers. The people here are, without exception,
sullen and hostile. They will either directly refuse to answer the
agent's questions or will be deliberately evasive. If the agents
become too intrusive itis possible they may facea mob, in which
case they will be chased in the direction of the slaughterhouse.
The slaughterhouse is down an old tertiary road which is
obviously no longer used. A rusted sign (Weston Meats)
indicates what lies in that direction

Center: The Slaughterhouse. The Weston slaughterhouse
was a prime supplier of beef and pork products for the OTolley's
chain (a Pentex company). O'Tolley's liked the unsanitary
conditions and wanton cruelty inflicted on the animals here
Weston went out of business when O'Tolley's moved most ofits
meat harvesting operation to the Amazon. The plant has been
abandoned for over 10 years. The horror of the valley is
concentrated here, although the slaughterhouse isa symptom,
not the cause. The area is rife with malignant spirit activity (it
is in facta Hellhole), but the agents will not detect this. They
will only be aware that something is not right.

The Storyteller should be subtle at first in evoking the
moodofthearea. The charactersshould make several Percept
+ Empathy rolls. At first, the only sounds will be those of the
surrounding forest. Soon, however, the forest noises will segue
into what sounds like pigs being slaughtered. These are just on
the edge of perceptionand the agentsshouldn'tbe sure ifthey're
really hearing them or not. There isa definite chill to the place
and fog covers the ground. The snatches of pig sounds begin to
sound like human screams, wolf howls, and inhuman laughter.
The characters should make several Willpower rolls (of
increasing difficulty), or else go into hypnotic trances. They
may suffer hot flashes, cold sweats, momentary hallucinations
and violent impulses.

on

The slaughterhouse retains much of itsoriginal equipment,
and there are spatters of old blood on the floor. Forensic analysis
will prove this to be cow and pig blood. The sounds of animals
dyingand ofmachinesrunning (bone saws, electriccattle prods,
etc.) become more perceptible here. Some of the floors are
structurally unsound.

Ifthe agents search the grounds around the building, they
will find trail which leads down toa narrow, rocky ravine. This

Guapren Six: Tue St. Guume Contract

isthe ite of the original town (see History). There are signs
of the early settlement here (stone foundations). In the center
of these structuresisa large, flatcapstone witha faded inscription
chiseled into it. The inscription reads:

And Ilooked, and beheld a pale horse: and his name that sat on
him was Death, and Hell followed with him

May God have mercy on our souls.

Captain John Ameth — January (?) 1695

The capstone is partially sunk into the ground, held firmly
in place by grass roots and its own weight. The cap is almost
impossible to remove without tools. If the characters went into
the slaughterhouse, they will have seen several shovels in the
plant'smaintenance room. Thiscould be classifiedasa fortunate
coincidence, if lifting the stone was a good idea. With the tools
it should take the agents less than an hour to remove the cap.
The strange noises and visions will abate while the characters
dig. There is a rush of stale escaping air as soon as the cap is
removed. This is the last thing the agents may hear fora while.

Each character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8, 2
successes needed) to resist the sudden psychic onslaught. Any
character who succeeds will stagger backwards, stunned and
blinded with pain. She will notice that her compatriots (those
who failed) are in a deep, unbreakable trance. The visions
assaulting the stuporous agents are somewhat familiar to them
from their recent dreams, but much more real. They are images
of the original settlement, mixed with elements of the agent's
life. Each agent will have a separate nightmare to contend with
and the Storyteller should take each player aside and describe
it privately. These visions are part of the caem's original
function. The Wendigo used it for enlightenment, but the
Wyrm infection has twisted it into a dark and evil mockery of
its former self.

Visions

a) The agent is back at the J. Edgar Hoover building.
Hoover himself shows up. He is wearing a stunning black
cocktail dress and says he has a job for the agent to do. The
character and his fellow agents are flown to Norge Valley.
There, they fall in with a mob of Puritan settlers and proceed to
massacrea village of unarmed Indians. The agentistheringleader.
The bodies are thrown into a deep burial pit; some of them are
still alive and try to crawl out. The agent orders them buried
alive, He is covered from head to toe witha mantle of breathing
blood.

b) The agentisleadinga good, old-fashioned witch buming
in Washington, D.C. The accused witch isa Native American
woman (the Wendigo healer). A crowd of politicians screams
for her death. There are souvenir vendors scattered about. The
character proceeds to the stake with a torch in her hand. The
bonfires it. Asthe woman screams, the agent finds herself tied
to the stake in the witch's place. The flames seer the agent's
flesh. She isaware of the sound of cracklingskinand burning fat.

c) The agent is trapped in a snow-bound cabin with his
family. There isakeening, bitter wind which comes through the
cracks in the walls, and there is only one piece of wood left for
the stove. There is no food. The family is crying with hunger.

100

Prosect Twiuiet

The character tus to look at them and their cries become the
clucking of chickens. Hunger overwhelms him, and he reaches
for an ax.

d) The character is in the same cabin, but there is the
howling of wolves outside. The howls comesteadily closer. The
character is shaking uncontrollably with a mixture of fear and
cold, The door flies inward ina slow explosion of wooden shards
and snow. There are huge, gibbering shadows in the doorway.
The shadows emerge into the light of the fire. They are Garou
in Crinos form, but they are twisted and alien (Black Spiral
Dancers). The character is denied the usual madness provided
by the Delirium. He is forced to watch as the monsters slowly
flay him alive. The last thing he hears is the screaming of his
family and a hideous gibbering laughter.

The Storyteller is encouraged to add some visions of her
own, customizing them further to the individual characters.
The visions only last a few minutes (though it seems a lot
longer) and are probably the most intense experience of the
agents' lives. The potential for permanent psychic damage is
great. Each character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 8).
A failure means that the character has gained a temporary
mental disorder (Storyteller's discretion) which lasts about a
week. A botch means that the disorder is permanent and can
only be cured by extensive psychotherapy.

The Well

During the blizzard of 1695, the ground was frozen solidand
the inhabitants of the town could not bury their dead. Instead
they lowered the remains into the town welland covered it with
capstone. The well isa cylinder of stone and mortar, about 25,
feet deep. At the bottom is a jumble of human bones. The
remains are moderately well-preserved for their age and a
forensic scientist may be able to put togethera fairamount from
them. Some of the skulls have holes in them, indicating a
violent death. The bones have been gnawed by both human
and animal teeth. There are also several personal effects laid
carefully at the bottom of the well, the most valuable of which
is a set of perfectly preserved china, worth over $15,000 to a
collector.

‘The prize find also lies near the bottom ina rotted wooden
box. Inside, wrapped in a black cloth, is the skull of a wolf. The
skulls far larger than that ofa normal wolPsand italso hassome
human characteristics (most notably its increased cranial
capacity). Ithas a bullet hole in it. There is also a flattened out
silver bullet wrapped up with it. This isan important find; ifthe
agents get it back, Osbourne will be very pleased.

CASE CLOSED

I personally don't buy it (psychic powers), but I've run
across a couple of things I can't explain

— Kenneth Lanning, FBI Behavioral Science Unit,
Quantico, VA

Paraintelligence agents are of manystripes. They come other government agents. Proximity to the supernatural

in all ag
attitude. Although every agent has to go through someform nonetheless maintain a frustratingly conservative pace.

of indoctri
paraintelligence agents tend to exert more free will than one of them

Appenoix: Junior G-Men

. colors, and shapes, and each with their own _ wakesthemupand getsthem moving, although theiragencies

ion and training ("brainwashing"), Who knows, maybe that guy next to you on the bus is

101

fice You ate

ig

oF roth youdoube its
but Baus xougyant —

eg

Bets ont ‘
inderbtushy-you,
sur life forever

The
tthe
inge that

Provect Twitiget

knowledge:
Roleplaying Hints:
ware never ore
xxcited than when
you are faced wich

ae spite yg

ies Tie; the Bure
can dependion yous
\


Nature: Visionary

Name:

Rank: 2

Player: Demeanor: Loner Code Name:
Chronicle Agency: SAD Concept: Seeker of Truth
ed a Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength, i 000 Perception.
Dexterity. Manipulation. @000 Intelligence.
Stamina. Appearance. @000 Wits.
cement 6a AD lites meee rr
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness. e@e@00 =e Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Athletics, 00000 _ Drive_________@0000 Computer. @@000
Brawl e000 = Etiquette. 00000 Covert Culture. 000
Dodge. 00000 | Firearms. e000 _Investigation 00
Empathy. 00000 _ Melee. 00000 Law. 00000
Expression 00000 Performance. 00000 __Linguistics 00000
Intimidation, 00000 — Repair. 00000 ‘Medicine @0000
Leadership Security. @e000 Occult, @e00e0
Streetwise Stealth. @0000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge. Survival === 90000 __ Science. 00000

erred 6 g-= Advantages a

Numina Background
00000 Allies.

Merits & Fi.

jaws

00000 _ influence.

00000 Resources.

00000 Contacts.

00000) Fak

«True Faith=-Zim Willpower ~—4+—
ooo ss @e@e2ee000000
[

Maneuver/Weapon| Difficulty] Conceal

ft  Jeducket T= Trencheoat N= No concealment

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 3 Freebie Points: 21 (7/5/2/2)

wl Health comm Lovtm
Bruised Qo
Hurt 1a
Inred 1 0
Wounded 2 O
Maued 2 0
Crippled 5 0
Incapacitated O
Experience ~~

"y


jimall

Trouble Shooter (NSA Assassin)

Quote: Somy, pal. Just doing my job. (BLAM!)

Prelude: You are an ex-ClA assassin and
sometime Mafia hit-woman, currently an NSA trouble
shooter and an all-around patriotic American. Yep,
that's you. The shrinks labeled you a sociopath, but what
was a negative in the army became an asset in the CIA.
Dad was CIA; it's only fitting that his litele girl follow in
his footsteps. There was Central America, Beirut, and
that dangerous stint in Los Angeles. That's where you ran
into trouble, Some subversive, egg-head writer was going
to do an exposé on the Company. He had some real
damaging information, too. You put two bullets through
his heart, point blank. And he just tured around and
smiled that crazy, fanged grin that's caused you to wake up
screamingevery night forthe past year. You got out of
there, but everything had changed. The CIA
wouldn't listen toyou, but someone in the
NSA did. You were transferred a
month later

Roleplaying Hin
‘Yoilr outer facade is one.
of military discipline, but
~ inside you area seething."
cauldon of violence. To you,
killing is second nature, like breathing.
‘You are cold and methodical. It
"bothers you that there are:
creatures out there who are,
more ruthless than you.
Equipment fan Kit,
Kevlar vest, Uzi
submachinegun, double-
edged dagger

Progect Twiuieut


Name:
Player:
Chronicle

Strength
Dexterity.
Stamina

Alertness.
Athletics
Brawl.

Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression
Intimidation.
Leadership.
Street
Subterfuge

sical

Serre I

Nature: Bravo

nervy 9 = Attributes
Phy:

Demeanor: Jobsworth Code Name:
Agency: NSA Concept: Troubleshooter
Social Mental
Charisma. @0000 Perception.
Manipulation, @000 intelligence.
Appearance e00 Wits.
oe ee ae
Skills Knowledge
Animal Ken. 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Drive. —®0000 Computer. @0000
Etiquette. —__00000 Covert Culture, 000
Firearms, —®@@00 __Imvestigation. @e000
Melee. —@0000 Law. 00000
Performance. 00000 Linguistics, 00000
Repair__________ 90000 Medicine. 00000
Security_________@@@00 Occult, @0000
Stealth. —®@000 Politics, 00000
Survival. —00000 Science 00000

Rank: {

reed 6-2 Advantages ee

P- Pocket

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 3 Freebie Points: 2.

Je dacket

T

N= No concealment

Trenchooat

Numina Background Merits & Flaws
00000 Allies.
00000 _ = Influence.
00000 _ = ‘Resources.
00000 Eauiipment.
Rank
True Faith—=Zem Willpower nee nes Health mete
ooo ooo tea hfaateesttelat Bruised o
Hurt aa
Miaieuver/weapoa| itticutty] Damage Injured 3 =
Mauled 2 0
Gippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
Experience -—4—

11 (7/5/2/2)

ee "4,


Qunyuew Bunoous SH 7
wadden Addey y
: sjuabe jo0/\
wg
yea1g Seanjo suowwns me ssojGue,
iddaise ul
wuiddea}s: qunoy I d
euuy aa Sill
ete =_— al — ee
aE aa
ae Sen
@S00q29 88007

BUIWODaLOHe|
sjuabe
uo saids fueb 9 wyWwg
‘uoreYS Sioa He TRAWIYe
@S00GeD eS00]> sjuaBe joo
Laise| ce ail

@S00q2D eS007+

Aaymesg e1yyuig
syuebe joo)

Aepanyes Aepsanyy Aepsaupam Aepsony

OIOIOlOlOLO!O lL OlOP=

LOVHINOD WIIG "LS IHL WOd INIT


Name: Nature: Rank:

Player: Demeanor: Codename:
Chronicle Agency: Concept:
rr gE Attributes ee ae
Physical Social Mental
Strength_"______@0000 Charisma @0000 Perception ©0000
Dexterity________@0000 Manipulation, ©0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina. @0000 = Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000
ee ee ee
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken. 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Athletics, 00000 Drive. 00000 — Computer. 00000
Brawl 00000 _ Etiquette. ©0000 Covert Culture. 00000
Dodge___ 00000 —"Firearms____ 00000 Investigation__ 00000
Empathy 00000) =—Melee________00000_ law__________00000
Expression 00000 _ Performance. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation. 00000. Fepair_____———- 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership. 00000. Security___———Ss—— 07?71}000 Occult. 00000
Streetwise. 00000 _Stealth______00000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge, 00000. Survival 00000 Science. 00000
rere = Advantages Seine 72a
Numina Background Merits & Flaws
00000 Allies. @@000
00000 _—— Influence. @e000
00000 Resources @0000
00000 00000
00000 00000
See
True Faithancoim Wl power mma — mmrmensmens HAL EH mest
0000000000 QO0D00000000 Bruised oOo
Hurt 1a
Inred 1 0
Maneuver/Weapon Difficulty | Damage Wounded -2 0
Mauled -2 O
Gippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
Experience ~4—~

P-Pocket —SeJacket_——T = Trencheoat_ N+ Noconcealment

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 3 Freebie Points: 21 (7/5/2/2)


Other Traits

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

—— Description -4—~

History
Prelude —~=riem

First Case ==fem

Cases solved =xtmc

Service Record
Awards received (promotions, citations, etc.):

Black marks (disciplinary demerits, rank decrease, ete]

|

Distinguishing features:

Height
Weight
Brawling Chart
Eyes Race, z Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Sex Nationality. Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 Special
Grapple Dex+ Brawl 6 Strength
‘ Kiel Dex+Brawl 7 Strength + 1
Equipment Punch Dex +Brawl 6 Strength
Rank Roll Difficulty

Gear (carried)

Possessions (owned)


You Want the Truth?

The government is not wholly oblivious to the supernatural threats that hide
in the World of Darkness. Indeed, a handful of intrepid'agents tracks down and
hunts these horrors. But as these men and women begin to discover the secrets of
their elusive prey, an inevitable question atises: just who are the
agents really working for? Who , truly runs the government?

\
}
eS,

You Can't Handle the Truth!

Project Twilight is a Huntets sourcebook detailing the agents in the U.S. gov-
ernment who hun¢ vampires and werewolves. This book reveals just how much
the government agencies know and how much further they need dig into the dark.
ness to discover the real truth about their prey.

Feature:

* Character creation for government agents, including new Merits, Flaws and
Numina

® Detailor the FBI Special Affairs Department and its counterpoints in the
NSA and-Cl&

* A complete story for beginning agents

‘RO Anam Bony PERCE
Suey) ISBN 1-56504-310-3

3 (URIS SUN) WW 3064 $12.00
Us

80565"043100

PRINTED IN CANADA
