# File: Rage Across The Amazon.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------




The circle gathered as war drums sent heavy, booming song
to the overcast skies. Elder Galliards of all thirteen tribes
danced furiously around the fire as the Fianna Council of Song
assumed its place for the telling of tales.

Those gathered around the fire this night were pups, fresh
from the Rite of Passage. They sat expectantly as the elders
stood quietly in the shadows, glowing with pride and concern
for the new warriors. This night, the pups would travel the
Moon Bridge and join their brothers and sisters to stand as a
shield against the forces of corruption raping the pure Amazon.
They would cast away childhood and stand among the adult
warriors as equals. It was a night of courage, but also one of
despair, for many would not return.

The Galliards became frantic with the pounding music.
Faces flushed with sweat and tears, they raised arms to the sky
and screamed to the heavens to guide these pups in their
endeavors. The drumming reached a fever pitch, pounding at
the night sky and the surrounding woodlands with an ominous
passion.

Then the drums became softer, their thrumming and inten-
sity lowered, but still driven by fury. The Galliards ceased their
dance, and the Council of Song lifted arms to the moody skies
and prepared to weave their tale. The air became still as all eyes
looked to them. The time had come to remember.

The soft voices of the Council of Song caressed the ears of
the pups, lifting their spirits todance with the ghosts of the past.
Foramoment, the Council members smiled down on the pups,
perhaps remembering what it was like to be young and expe-

4 a

istant Chunder

rience the rush of life for the first time. But the smiles soon
faded and they became sad. The pups looked up to them,
granting them full attention as the tale began...

Thick, black smoke belched into the hot South American
sky as the bulldozers pushed the corpses of trees into lifeless
piles beside the newly-forged road. It was a good day's kill.
Everything seemed to be going as planned. Panel by panel, the
road was built. The Amazon had so much to offer. What better
company than Pentex to bring it to its fullest potential?

Pentex made its first move into the jungle in the midst of a
sweltering summer. They mercilessly ripped away any part of
the rain forest that dared get in their way. Acres of woodland
fell to the onslaught each day, and the newly barren land was
quickly laid with the foundation of their Amazon Headquar-
ters.

Most of the labor was performed by poor natives of the
region. They worked long, hard hours in the blazing sun for
minimal wages, but since this was more payment than they
were accustomed to, they endured these hardships for their
survival.

Early on, Pentex thought this undertaking would be simple:
move in, set up, begin extracting the area of natural resources,
and pay off the natives tokeep them ignorant of the truth. How
wrong they were.

It took only a few days for a pack of Garou to discover what
had happened. They arrived before Pentex could get their

Legends of the Garou 3


ak

dae

NU

operation into full swing. This Get of Fenris pack was known
as the Black Frost.

They were wanderers, living their lives like the Silent
Striders. Their blood was clearly that of the Get, obvious in
their quick, violent temperament. The Black Frost stumbled
upon the Pentex operation by accident. They had hired
themselves out as mercenaries in some futile human dispute.
Since the problem had been resolved, they were preparing for
their journey homeward. Stumbling across the roadway, they
discovered Pentex's foul plan.

Instead of informing other Garou, they quickly set into
action alone, still stoked with the fires of glory from their
former conflict. They followed the road back to a native
village, now being used as Pentex's base camp. For several
nights they watched it, getting an idea of the Pentex maraud-
ers' routine. Pentex, however, was well prepared for spies,
concealing the true extent of their operation from the curious.
The Black Frost was satisfied with the little information they
had gathered and rushed headlong into battle. They rushed to
their deaths.

As the heat of the day subsided, night came. The pack
assaulted the village. Alarms immediately rang out, alerting
the guards to the Garou's presence. The night was rent by the
cracking of automatic gunfire as the entire compound erupted

BRiPaoEesS

in activity. The Black Frost had not expected so much resis-
tance so quickly. They had failed to discover their enemies'
hidden strength: the fomori First Teams. Rushing forth from
hidden, underground warrens, the well-armed fomori leaped
forth to engage the pack.

The Black Frost, realizing their mistake and understanding
there was no turning back, jumped headlong into fray. Swords,
spears and claws flashed as they soiled the earth with enemy
blood. Despite their courage, it was only a matter of moments
before silver bullets ripped through their flesh. Warriors were
left dying on the blood-soaked soil.

Pentex soldiers encircled the fallen Garou as moonlight
reflected from smoking gun barrels. The victors looked down
upon their fallen prey and smirked, wallowing in arrogance.
They lowered their weapons, taking aim on the dying Garou.
All were still but one, the pack leader known as Grendel
Walks-with-Death.

Soldiers aimed weapons at Grendel as he opened his eyes.
He began to laugh, softly at first, but with more intensity as he
managed to summon what little strength remained in him.

"You have given me eternal life, you bastards! Gaia will
reward my pack for our sacrifice." He spat the words at them,
glowering with contempt. The soldiers looked startled for a
moment, even shaken. They traded glances with one another,

4 Rage Across the Amazon


unsure of the meaning of Grendel's words. "Others will come,
you pitiful fools," Grendel growled. "Others will come."

With this, the soldiers' confusion vanished and gave way to
anger. They unleashed their weapons upon Grendel, filling his
already wounded body with hundreds of silver bullets. Grendel
Walks-with-Death, his flesh torn and his body destroyed,
teleased his last breath into the calm Amazon night and died
with a smile spreading across his face.

A soft rain fell on the dead Garou as they lay at the feet of
the soldiers. Thunder echoed throughout the forests. Gaia
wept for the fallen heroes. The blood of the fallen washed in
crimson streams to the Amazon river.

The First had fallen in the Garou's most noble endeavor,

and many more would fall until the Garou tasted victory or
died.

As the Council of Song fell silent, an eerie green glow spilled
onto the gathering. The Moon Bridge opened. It was time for
the pups to step through and experience the glory of battle.
War drums echoed faintly from the far side of the Bridge.
Though far away, they shared the same intensity as the drums
around the cubs. From both sides of the portal, the pounding
becameasone. The elders lifted their voices to thesky tohonor
those who would taste war for the first time.

The pups rose from the circle, determination clearly visible
in their expressions. As they checked their possessions, they
glanced at one another, slowly smiling. They turned and
walked toward the Moon Bridge, never looking back.

As the pups stepped through, the Moon Bridge closed
behind them and the drums became silent. The elder Garou
wordlessly slipped from the clearing into the myriad shadows
of the night. Except for the smoke rising from the dying fire,
there was no sign they had ever come.

Legends of the Garou

%

P


Credits

Authors: J. Morrison, William Spencer-Hale and Bill
Bridges

Additional Material by: Sam Chupp, David Key, George
Neal

Developed by: Bill Bridges

Edited by: Brian Campbell

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Art: John Bridges, Jeff Rebner, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Dan Smith, Kathleen Ryan

Maps: Brian J. Blume, Eric Hotz

Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

Production Assistance: Kathleen Ryan

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisher is expressly denied,
except for the purpose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Rage Across the Amazon, Werewolf Players Guide, Under a
Blood Red Moon, Book of the Wyrm, Vampire: The Masquer-
ade, Garou, Bastet, Mokolé, Ananasi, Kailindo, Pentex, the
Wyrm, the Weaver, the Wyld, Incarna, Gaffling, Jaggling, all
Vampire Clan names and all Werewolf Tribe names are
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products
in these pages isnotachallenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned.

Maps: Some graphic elements © 1993 by Brian J. Blume.

Word from White Walt

Enjoying your summer? Fun at the beach, lazy evenings
in the lawn chair, no school? If so, you're wiser than Brian
Campbell, Kathleen Ryan and Keith Winkler. These fools
have all decided to be Summer Interns here at White Wolf.
They could have gone to the beach, they could have laid
back in a lawn chair and enjoyed their break from school
— but, noooo, they had to come here for grueling publica-
tion schedule punishment. What kind of guilt must seethe
within them to make them willingly suffer so? Will they
learn their lesson next summer and get in ona time-sharing
beach condo instead? Probably not...

Allkidding aside, these guys have been doing a great job.
It's already hard to remember how we got by before they
came. Thanks Brian, Kathy and Keith!

Specal Thanks to:

Benjamin "Lips" Monk, Jr. for his talking navel.

Sam "Public Domain" Chupp for giving everyone the
Wyrm. :

Travis "Mac Daddy Drac" Williams for his tally sheet on
Coppola's "Dracula."

William "Willy Pale" Hale for his blinding whiteness at
White Water and his blistering redness later. .

Lyndi "Swamp Thing" Hathaway for turning green at-
White Water.

Josh "Blood of the Leopard" Timbrook for taking us to the
authentic kung-fu movies.

Mark "Twenty dollars" Rein®Hagen for spending it on
Bourbon.

Wes "Texas Grolsch" Harris for that intoxicating salad
dressing at Origins '93.

Andrew "Sedentary" Greenberg for lucking out and missing
Origins

Stewart "Dead Letter Office" Wieck for the amount of mail
he let slide when working on Mage.

Stephen "The Suit" Wieck for frightening Generation X at
Origins '93.

Ken "Captain Canuck" Cliffe for his Canada Day festivities.

Michelle "Stacked" Prahler for when dreams come true.

Rob "Flubber" Hatch for his gelatinous, noisy birthday
present. -

Rene"Much Ado" Lilly forobsessingon Kenneth Brannagh's
film.

Chris "Raven" McDonough for wanting to ring with au-
thenticity like his hero.

Richard "Cherry Tomato" Thomas forwhat everyone didn't
eat at his party.

Jim "Half-Ogre" Townsend for a different colored Blood Pit
shirt every day of the week.

Matt "Incognito" Wagner because we forgot to give him
credit for the incredible Werewolf Players Guide cover — but
hey, who wouldn't recognize his art anyway?

6 Rage Across the Amazon


IN. ANNA ASI SI RSI SS

RAGE ACROSS ,

Contents
Legends of the Garou: "(Distant Thunder"

A tale of the first to fall in the war.

Introduction: Welcome to Hell
Chapter One: History

The supernatural history of the Amazon Basin and the war
against Pentex.

Chapter ‘Cwo: Geography
Details the region and its particular hot spots.
Chapter Three: People —

Who's who in the war: the Garou, Bastet, Mokolé and
Pentex Incorporated.

Chapter Four: Encounters

A full-length story:. "In Dreams and Nightmares," plus
many story ideas for Amazon War adventures.

Appendix One: Weapons and Equipment

The weapons of the war, from fetishes to LAW rockets.

Appendix. Cwo: Cotes and Tactical Storytelling
The strange totem spirits of the Amazon and optional rules
for running group encounters in the war.

Introduction

13

25

39

6l

H3


—
(———
Z i

UY

Gi

LEE yp
oe Ys
Wy fp
Y


Let This Be Our Last
Fttihep

She can't sleep now

The moon is red

She fights a fever

She burns in bed

— Paul Simon, "She Moves On"

The Amazon isa land of mystery and beauty, filled with the
wonders of Gaia in all Her myriad forms. This is a realm almost
alien to the world which surrounds it, a world that has
remained outside the thoughtless grasp of humanity and its
ever expanding greed.

Now that has changed.

The Amazon has become the front line in the battle to save
Gaia. The Wyrm and its twisted minions have begun their
advance into the jungles. Nothing remains safe from their
grasp. They plunder and rape the land with no intention of
giving back what they take. The despoiling of the Amazon has
become a symbol of the Apocalypse and the darkness that
awaits to engulf the planet.

Gaia lays wounded, Her chest ripped open, Her heart
exposed for the Wyrm to consume. The great Earth Mother,
Her breath shallow and weak, looks to the horizon whispering
prayers of salvation from dry, cracked lips.

There is still hope.

Gaia's valiant warriors, the Garou, have taken on the
oppressors. The Thirteen Tribes now stand as a shield against
the onslaught of Gaia's haven. The Amazon river runs ted with
the blood of those who sacrifice all for future generations. The
lines are drawn and a great war wages in the quiet, untouched
beauty of the Amazon. This war could decide the fate of the
Garou and their Kinfolk. Indeed, this war could decide the fate
of all.

Theme: Hell Js Here

The essence of war is violence. Moderation in war is imbecility.
—John A. Fisher

This book takes the defenders of Gaia into the heart of the
Apocalypse. It thrusts them into the front lines of the war to
save the planet from those who would destroy it. Itisa dark and
hopeless journey into the depths of all that is evil. A noble
cause inspires the Garou, showing them the true meaning of
being a warrior: fighting for what is just and willingly giving all
for victory.

The theme of this book is war: rival forces bent on conquest
and destruction. The Wyrm and its ally, Pentex, have made
the first move by establishing bases in the Amazon. They strike
out at Gaia with all their hatred and might, orchestrating the
destruction of the rain forests. Mercy is alien to them and they
spare nothing in their path. Only the Garou stand in their way.

The Garou forces are pitifully weak compared to the might
of Pentex and its armies, yet they do not falter, nor do they

Introduction 9


retreat. This is a war which must be won at any cost, for if it is
not, then there will be nothing left to fight for. Gaia will die.

Moor The Blood of My
Brothers

The war in the Amazon is a bloody one. Entire packs rush
into the blood-stained forests seeking revenge against the
Wyrm. They are often never seen again. A feeling of despair
creeps into the souls of those who fight in this haven of Gaia.
The Amazon is a land of mourning, not only for those who
have fallen in battle to the Wyrm, but also for those pups who
are yet tocome, those who have yet tosee the full horror of war.
It is a mourning for those who will die here.

As inall great wars, confusion is the order of the day. Chaos
reigns supreme in the Amazon as on all battlefields. It is the
anxiety of never knowing what the next day or the next
magent may bring. Warriors live under the shadow of death
as the sorrowful whispers of the fallen carry over restless
summer winds,

The Gothic-Punk

Amazon

The day is cold, and dark, and dreary;
It rains, and the wind is never weary;
The vine still clings to the moldering wall,
But at every gust the dead leaves fall,
And the day is dark and dreary.
— Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "The Rainy Day"

Tothe mortal visitor, the Amazon appears calm and serene.
Sunshine reflects off the dew, moistening the towering trees.
The rivers and streams whisper quietly to. the many animals
inhabiting this grand place. Under.the boughs, there lurks a
darker truth.

Bane spirits scream in the shadows of newly constructed
factories. Constant raids are launched by the Garou against
Pentex and their forces. The legions of the Wyrm strike nightly
in search and destroy missions, intent on suppressing Garou
resistance. To the casual observer, it is a great expanse of
untouched forest, but .to the Garou who fight here, it is a
twisted, macabre haven of despair, growing worse with each
passing day.

The air is filled with the tormented screams of Amazon
spirits as they cry to the winds for aid. The instigators of this
suffering — black-hearted, callous spirits — also lend their
cries to this symphony of misery that filters through the
towering trees, tugging at the hearts of all who listen. The
Gauntlet is weak in this area, torn apart by Pentex's destruc-
tion. A portal has been created through which many great evils
have entered the world. This is only the beginning.

Pentex's plan for the Amazon is simple: continue the
industrial expansion into the forests at any cost. The stage is
set. It is now Gaia's darkest hour and only the Garou stand in

her defense. It is a war that must be won, lest all be lost. The
time to act is now.

This Book

Rage Across the Amazon is a sourcebook chronicling the
Garou's bloody war in the Amazon. It explores in detail the
most important conflict in Garou society. The tactics, leaders
and objectives of the Garou face opposition from Pentex and
its evil allies.

This book takes into account all factions of the present
conflict and how they interact on the battlefield. Pentex is not
the only force involved. The mysterious werecrocodiles keep
their intentions secret from the Garou. The fierce and cunning
werejaguars side with no one and wage continuous war against
both Garou and Pentex to drive invaders from their forests.

Here you will find all the information necessary to run a
chronicle in the war-torn jungles of the Amazon. Also in-
cluded are many plot ideas designed to help you get started
immediately. This book is as much intended for a pack of pups
fresh from their Rite of Passage as it is for a pack of adult Garou
who are wise to the glories of battle. Gaia opens her arms to all

who would defend her.

Source Material

Much has been written and produced about the Amazon:
and its unique landscapes, history, culture and inhabitants.
Your local library should carry many such publications. You
should also have no problem finding inspirational material on
the topic of war. The following is a short list of books and
movies which may prove useful.

Books

¢ The Amazon: Past, Present, and Future, by Alain
Gheerbrant. A very good, lushly illustrated introduction to the
history of the Amazon, from the Conquistadors to the present
day. In the paperback Discoveries™ series, Henry Abrams,
Inc.

¢ Amazonia: Voices from the Rainforest, a Resource &
Action Guide, edited by AngelaGennino. A very good source
for details of the ongoing development in the Amazon. In-

cludes a reference guide for support groups working to save the
rainforests. Published-by Rainforest. Action Network.

Movies

© The Emerald Forest, directed by John Boorman. A tale
ofa boy raised by Amazon Indians and his father's search to find
him. When they are reunited, the father discovers that his son
has a more meaningful life than he does. This film is filled with
shamanic magic and great scenery.

© Apocalypse Now, directed by Francis Ford Coppola. One
of the best war movies ever made, though it's not really about
war: it's about a man's own inner journey and disillusionment
with...well, just about everything. Set in Vietnam, this is
Coppola's twist on Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness.

10 Rage Across the Amazon


® Medicine Man, directed by John McTiernan. Sean
Connery is a pharmacologist in the Amazon who finds a cure
for cancer only to lose it to humanity's encroaching push into
the jungle.

* Platoon, directed by Oliver Stone. War is hell, and this
film proves it. The film examines the personal impact of waron
an everyday American kid (the director's autobiographical
look at himself in Vietnam).

¢ The Mission, directed by Ronald Joffe. A Jesuit priest's
mission in the South American jungle becomes the center of
aconflict between the Church and the Native Indian's way of
life as Robert De Niro's character pursues his own quest for
penance. A lush and beautifully shot film.

¢ At Play in the Fields of the Lord, directed by Hector
Babenco, from the book by Peter Mathiessen. Baptist mission-
aries take over an abandoned Catholic mission and begin
converting the Indians. Everything goes wrong from there. A
very good film, highlighting the problem of one culture trying
to force its views onto another.

© Aguirre, Wrath of God, directed by Werner Herzog. In
1560, Conquistador Lope de Aguirre mutinies on an expedi-
tion for El Dorado. He takes over the expedition and leads the
men to their doom, blind with his own lust for power and glory.
Asomewhat surreal film: the eeriness and strange silence of the
unknown jungle is heightened by the lack of a score.

¢ Raiders of the Lost Ark, directed by Steven Spielberg.
The quintessential pulp adventure film. Indiana Jones risks
life, limb and his hat to recover important archeological
artifacts. The introductory sequence is a great source of atmo-
sphere for digging up lost caerns in the jungle.

The Real War

i breathe | my throat clenches | clutching to exclude | a dozen
different stenches in falmouth bay / a blue whale rolls / gonna drown
in swill | from city sewer holes | summers longer / deltas gashed |
ancient trees / uprooted, smashed / time is generous-more, take more
"J imust outrun the dinosaur

—~ Pete Townshend, "Outlive the Dinosaur"

Although this book is a work of fiction and should be
interpreted as such, some of the issues addressed are quite real.
A war of sortsis taking place in the Amazon today, a war of epic
proportions. Thousands of acres of forest land are destroyed
yearly by corporations intent on profit alone. It is a dark time
for the thousands of species of plants and animals that live in
the Amazon. Undiscovered plants in the jungle could hold the
cure for many devastating diseases. Millions of these plants are
wiped from existence by massive deforestation before they
have even been discovered. Every day, an estimated 74,000
acres of rain forest are lost to deforestation.

This book is a fantasy of rage and frustration brought to the
boiling point. The villains in this book are greed, hatred, and
short-sightedness. Pentex, in the guise of an international

corporation, is raping the land for no other reason than to hurt
Gaia.

The real situation is much more complicated than this book
portrays. Brazil is a country trying to escape its "third world"
status. Much of the deforestation is done for economic reasons.
In its desperate attempts to rise from poverty, Brazil and other
South American nations have initiated many programs that
seem to aid the nation economically, but only help to destroy
the rain forests.

Cattle farming is one activity responsible for the destruction
of the forest. Trees are cleared to make room for cattle grazing.
When the soil does not sustain the cattle's feed, the farmers
must push deeper into the forests, leaving useless fields behind
them.

Gold mining is one of the most toxic activities in the region.
Miners use massive amounts of poisonous mercury to refine the
small amounts of gold they dig up. This mercury is released
back into the environment, polluting rivers far downstream
from the mining. Fish populations are infected or destroyed,
which in tum contaminates the natives who rely on the fish for
their survival. The miners are also contaminated by their own
methods. Its an interconnecting web of cause and effect.

Another volatile situation in the rain forests concerns
landless workers fighting for land reform. Some are assassi-
nated by landowners intent on stifling the voices of discontent.
Local activists go "missing" every year. Near the Caraj4s Mine,
generously funded by foreign investors and international banks,
shanty towns hide assassins offering to set prices for the killing
of activists, priests, and anyone else who gets in the way of the
landowners. In one incident lumbermen, angered by their
eviction from Indian lands, hunted down and killed fourteen
Native American men, women and children.

In comparison to such real life atrocities, Pentex can seem
rather tame. In the World of Darkness, of course, Pentex is
deeply involved in such terror tactics. Any excuse to deliver
misery to the world is considered a good risk for this corpora-
tion. Itsprofits, measured not indollars but in Wyrm corruption,
depend on such bold actions in third world countries.

What You Can Do

You do not have to sit passively and allow the rain forest to
disappear. Ecology is not regional; the interlocking net of
nature extends past national boundaries. This is not politics,
but survival. Learn what is really going on in the Amazon. Your
voice is a powerful weapon in the struggle to save this beautiful
land. Make it heard.

There are many organizations that dedicate countless hours
to save the Amazon and other endangered lands and species
from the onslaught of misguided "progress." Please contact
your local chapter of the Rainforest Action Network, the
Nature Conservancy, the World Wildlife Foundation,
Greenpeace or any other organization dedicated to the preser-
vation of the Earth. Any effort can make a big difference. The

battle lines have been drawn. Now it is your time to rage.

Introduction 11


a .


Che Time of Long Ago

What is the little one thinking about?
Very wonderful things, no doubt;
Unwritten history!
Unfathomed mystery!
— Josiah Gilbert Holland, "Cradle Song"

The Earth ages. Mountains rise and fall, the sea ebbs and
- flows, and life is created and destroyed. The Amazon remains.
How long ago this river formed is unknown, but it has lasted.

Those with the memories to know say there has always been
an Amazon and always will be. The Mokolé dream of the past.
They speak of the river as the heart of this pure land, the blood
. stream of the earth. The werecrocodiles dream... and
dream...and dream... and the river begins to slow, to lose its
flow as the Wyrm sucks the water greedily from the world. The
werecrocodiles sleep as modern times catch up to the river.
Modern times are not kind to this ancient wonder.

Early Migrations

When the Pure Ones came across the Bering Strait land
bridge, they quickly spread out over the continent. The Garou
watched over them as they went. The Wendigo kept mainly to
the northern regions and the plains, the Croatan moved
towards the eastern coast and southern swamps and the
Uktena moved along the western coast and deserts.

When the other tribes settled, content in their new lands,
only the Uktena kept moving, spurred by their curiosity. Over

long years, the Uktena eventually reached the Amazon. None
of them stayed for long. While the jungles were awe-inspiring
and impressive, they were simply not what these wolves
wanted. Many returned the way they came, back to Central
America. They left behind them seeds: the Kinfolk of the Pure
Ones. The Kinfolk loved this new land and would not leave.

The Yative Pure Ones

The Uktena also found a mystery waiting for them in the
jungles: the existence of Pure Ones they had never seen before.
They believed that all the Pure Ones had crossed over with
them. The Garou thought they were the first to arrive. Here,
in the rain forests and rivers, were humans living in harmony
and joy with nature. The Uktena thanked Gaia for another
sign of Her wisdom and thought no more about the subject.

Later they learned of the Balam and Mokolé, the werejaguars
and crocodiles, long residents of the jungles. The natives had
come with them much earlier to the land as the shapeshifters
fled the persecution of the War of Rage. Their legends tell of
great treks across the sea and spirit world, similar to the Garou's
own legends of their trek to the Pure Land. Gaia had led them
to safety from Her own children. She had led these same
children away from the Wyrm's danger.

Yew Cubs

Many years after the Uktena had left the Amazon, Indian
Kinfolk gave birth to three Garou. The Garou who had led
them to this land were now legends in their tales, beings long

Chapter One: History 13


gone. These children had easy lives until their Change. When
they took the form of wolves, they did not know what had
become of them. No one in their tribe had ever seen a wolf
before. The shamans were perplexed. Obviously, these chil-
dren were the chosen shapechangers of a strange, new spirit,
but no one could say whether this spirit was good or bad.

They decided to summon the Jaguar for advice, and his
children came. When the Balam came to their Kinfolk's
village and discovered Garou, they were enraged. One noticed
that the three Garou seemed ignorant of their nature. A
werecat, no matter how angry, is still a werecat, and curiosity
soon won over. The Balam pledged to teach the children the
ways of their heritage as an experiment. They wished to
discover for themselves whether Garou were selfish, stingy and
arrogant by nature or simply by nurture.

The Amazonian Uktena

The Balam, after years of dealing with the young Garou,
finally decided that, while one of them showed the typical
loathsome Garou traits, the other two showed admirable
values. The bad one was called Cacu. The goods ones were Inki
and Huatopé. After a heated taghairm, or werecat moot, they
decided that it was time these young Garou met their own
kind.

Hoards-Thunder was chosen from among those at the
taghairm to march them from the jungles to their own kind in
Mayan lands. It was a long journey, filled with many adven-
tures and legends before they reached their destination. The
Mayan Uktena marveled at these new Garou, so pure and
strange. They seemed to possess the wisdom of cats. The lost
Garou were invited to stay and learn their ways. Hoards-
Thunder smiled from his hiding place in the trees and slipped
away for his journey home.

The Amazonians stayed for a while among their kind, but
became homesick for the rain forest. Eventually, they had to
return. On their trek home, they were joined by some of the
Mayan Uktena who also longed for the great forest. Thus was
created the Amazonian Uktena tribe.

Over the years, the tribe grew weak from its restricted blood.
There were no wolves to breed with and bolster their blood-
line. The Amazon was a pure place, a land of Gaia, and these
werewolves still discovered ways to live as one with the land.
They thrived, even as one heritage, and never lost the ability
to walk with two skins.

The Age of Discovery

Discovery is always a rape of the natural world. Always.
— Jan Malcolm, Jurassic Park

The Amazon was not always as it is today. The rain forests
of the Amazon Basin were once untouched by human civiliza-
tion. As foreign discoverers came in search of new lands, the
unexplored vastness of the interior of the South American
continent became a place for the survival of dreams. The
jungle was a place where living wonders were waiting to be

discovered for the edification of European citizens and the
study of science.

The Conquistadors

The first to exploit this land for European interests were the
Spanish Conquistadors. Francisco Pizarro overthrew the Inca
Empire for Spain in 1532. Soon, the natives of the region were
being exploited as slave labor, building cities for the Spanish.

Later, Gonzalo Pizarro led the first Conquistador expedi-
tion over the Andes and into the rain forest in search of
cinnamon. The expedition wasa failure. He was forced to turn
back, but not before killing many of his native guides out of
pure frustration andanger. Not long after, Franciscode Orellana
set out, accompanied by Gaspar de Carvajal who documented
their long journey. They were the first Europeans to encounter
many of the Indians. Carvajal's account stirred the imagina- .
tions of others. Soon explorers were rushing off to the Amazon,
desperate to uncover its many legends and wonders.

The Explorers

In the following decades, explorers entered the jungles with
dreams of what they would find. Was this, indeed, the fabled
land of Homer's Amazons? Was this actually the home of the
Ewaipanoma, a race of people with heads in their chests? Was
thisthe land where the greatest ofall dreams lived— the gilded
king, El Dorado, and his city of gold? :

In desperation for the riches of El Dorado, explorers such as
Sir Walter Raleigh delved deep into the rain forest, following
hints, rumors and legend. Raleigh never found his riches. That
neverstopped the flood of others. The Amazon wasa place that
stirred the soul and made the bold and the mad believe they
could become kings. Lope de Aguirre, a Conquistador subor-
dinate officer, took over the expedition he was in and declared
himself King of Amazonia. He was defeated by Venezuelan
troops and executed. This still did not dampen the courage of
others. What did this new land hold for these bold and curious
Europeans? The rain forests held nothing less than the hope
of dreams come true.

These explorers killed the spirit of the land as they discov-
ered it. As each map was made, as each scientist stated new
discoveries, as each line was written in a book, the wonders of
the land were banished to non-existence. What magic could
live before the onslaught of science? What could stand before

rationality and logic?

Che Cechnomancers

Simple discovery was not the source of the slow death of the
land. The true foes were the Technomancer mages, powerful
magicians who sought to make the world conform to their will,
to their single, mechanistic vision of existence. The Amazon
was perfect for them. Here was a chance to prove the inherent
"truth" of their new scientific theories to the world at large.

Their theories, however, were not based on truth, but on
denial. They sought to prove their ownstance through denying

14 Rage Across the Amazon


the very existence of those opposed to their vision. Any being
or creature of supernatural origin had no place in their clock-
work world and thus had to be purged from it. So began the
campaign of discovery in the Amazon.

Expeditions were sent out, funded by universities and
foundations in the control of the Technomancers. Their goal
was to banish the wild legends of this far-off land and shine the
"true" light of science and reason for all the world to see.

Only one being was strong enough to challenge the "Age of
Discovery": El Dorado, a native Dreamspeaker mage.

The Giled King: El Dorado

El Dorado was a king in his own lands, ruling the native
people with a just hand. He had been a most promising disciple
of the shamans and had grown beyond even their powers. His
travels to other worlds had given him powerful magic and a
wise understanding of the ways of this world. He recognized the
explorers for what they were. He saw the Technomancer
masters pulling their strings, even though the explorers were
ignorant of any wrong-doing. Were they not merely represen-
tatives of their respective crowns and universities? El Dorado
had seen their like before in the guise of the Incan Empire.

Greedy and domineering, they wanted to hold all the world in
their hands.

A secret magical war began. El Dorado marshaled the
ancient forces of the land. He resisted the Technomancer's
efforts to wipe them from the earth. From his city of gold, he
directed his allies to push back the explorers. The Mokolé
joined the fight, rousing from their nests. The Balam leapt into
the fray, bringing a fury that instilled terror in the hearts of the
fiercest mages. As always, the Garou were also there.

The Black Fury Amazons

Greatest of all allies in the war were the Amazons, Black
Fury Garou whose legend lived strong in the world. The
explorers had even named the great river after them. From the
distant lands of Scythia they had come, fleeing the persecution
of men. They took their stand in the jungles of the Amazon
Basin, swearing never to let men of any race move them again.

They saw the threat of the explorers and joined El Dorado
to fight them. Although El Dorado was a man, he was unlike
the European men the Black Furies raged about. He lived close
to Gaia, even witnessing the dreams of the Earth Mother, and
walked in balance on the earth. Finally, here was a worthy man
they could support.

— eS 5 ; Y

4
we IL
iN

—-

enn ELS

== AN
a =e Wl

BR ai S
Chapter One: History 15


4
7

The Lost City of Gold

Oh city of my dreams

Of speed and skill and schemes

Like Atlantis, you just disappeared from view

— Pogues, "White City"

Perhaps it was inevitable, considering the power the
Technomancers had over reality itself, but no one could have
predicted the outcome. In a masterpiece of magic, the
Technomancers finally destroyed the city of gold by mapping
it out of existence.

Vast amounts of power were required.-One of the
Technomancers was devoured by the Paradox of the reality
shift, but the city was shunted into its own realm, cut off from
the Earth. El Dorado's own magick fell flat, severed from their
valuable connection to Gaia. Their meaning was bereft with-
out Gaia's aid.

The city disappeared from the Earth and reappeared in the
Umbra, complete with its forest, mountain and lake. All paths
toearth and even the Umbrascape were shut off. El Dorado was
a land alone now, a realm unto itself, with no way out and no
way in.

The Technomancer's own magic was too powerful even for
them. They could not get into the new realm to finish the job
of destruction, nor could they even peer into it. It was as if it did
not exist within reality at all. Soon the Technomancers
announced victory and moved their efforts into other arenas.
El Dorado was forgotten in the conscious minds of men. In
their dreams, he lived on.

El Dorado had one last, invisible connection to earth:
dreams of the lost city of gold. As the years passed, the dreams
became legends. Legends fueled the greed of humans. In the
early 20th century, archeologist Joseph Herlich began an
expedition to find the lost city, spurred by his dreams of gold.
The dreams were not truly his, but were the subtle suggestions
of El Dorado himself, speaking to the man through sleep. The
Technomancers took no notice. They were busy with other
affairs. Thus, the path back to Earth was remade.

When Joseph Herlich finally discovered the valley of El
Dorado, he did not realize it was on a path he had forged
himself. El Dorado's magic led Herlichto the rediscovery of the
valley, breaking the spell sealing the city from the world. A
single, arduous path now existed. It remained hidden in the
depths of the Amazon jungle.

El Dorado was a gracious host to Herlich, but Herlich was
never to leave the city again. The Technomancers could not
be allowed to know their enemy had returned. The city is still
unknown to many residents of the jungle. El Dorado's citizens
know the danger of showing themselves.

With the war between Pentex and the Garou now being
fought, El Dorado is unsure of what course to take. Ifany were
to hear of his city, it would again be in danger. He must protect
the city at all cost.

Modern (Cimes

You better swim fast

Or you'll sink like a stone

For the times they are a changin'
— Bob Dylan

roubles in Brazil

Inthe 19th century, the country of Brazil enjoyed a political
stability uncommon to the South America continent. In the
20th century, all that was to change. Racked by political and
economic strife, Brazil changed governments on. an almost
regular basis. People can only be oppressed for so long. When
a government refuses to allow people rights endowed to all
humanity, a cycle of change is often initiated. More often than
not, it is done through violence, the only voice that some can
hear. '

In 1985, the military government of Brazil was overthrown
by the people and replaced by a civilian government. This new
government decided the time had come to join the rest of the
world on an equal social and economic level. Approval was
given toallow foreign corporations into the country, especially _
those of American origin. Little did the people know what a
terrible problem this would create.

Pentex

Smokestacks, belching black, we're the have-nots

in your shade.

How about a slice of life, how about some human trade?

Eat at the best restaurants in town.

No headwaiter going to turn us down

'cos we've all kinds of animals coming here:

occasional demons too.

— Jethro Tull, "Occasional Demons"

In 1986, the Pentex Corporation quietly moved into the
Amazon area to set up its operation and begin destroying the
Amazon Basin and the surrounding jungles. Pentex, in the
guise of the Developers Forestry Group, sent its first emissaries
of industry into the Amazon area. They were legal specialists
who negotiated the proper contracts. In the shadows, First
Teams scouted the countryside for the best possible construc-
tion sites.

Once the legalities were completed, the Brazilian govern-
ment was manipulated into believing the company would help
boost the economy of:this poor country. The mega-corpora- *
tion set its sinister plan into motion.

A native village, hidden in the jungle, was quietly taken
over to form the temporary headquarters. The foundation was
laid for the horror that was to come. Pentex began to plow
through the jungle unmercifully, destroying anything in its
path. They held no regard for the consequences of their

16 Rage Across the Amazon


actions. They worked day and night in shifts, wasting no time
in their destructive efforts. It was then; quite by accident, that
their operation was discovered.

The First Pack Falls

The Black Frost, a Get of Fenris pack, stumbled onto the
temporary village and immediately understood what was hap-
pening. The Black Frost stalked the jungle silently for several
days and nights before making their move, hoping to gain as
much information as possible about their adversaries. Once
this task was completed, the Black Frost pounced upon the
Pentex village. They came with rage in their hearts, only to be
struck down in moments by the overpowering might of the
hidden fomori First Team.

When these Garou did not return on schedule, their Kin-
folk became worried. An expedition was organized to retrieve
them, dead or alive. The Kinfolk soon discovered the Pentex
operation and realized the fate of the Black Frost.

Showing more wisdom than their slaughtered kin, the
members of this expedition quickly returned to inform the
Fenris elders of their discovery. An emergency war moot was
called. Emissaries from all tribes were invited to discuss the best
course of action. The quarrels began.

Golgol Fangs-First Takes
Charge

The Get of Fenris asserted their rights as the most powerful
and cunning warriors. The tribe declared themselves in com-
mand of all operations in the Amazon region. Their Fenris
leader, Golgol Fangs-First, was quick to take advantage of his
tribe's loyalty. He assumed the position of commander-in-
chief for the Garou forces preparing to leave for the Amazon.
This upset many elders of the other tribes, but there was no
time for disputes. It was imperative that a fighting force arrive
in the Amazon to set up a drop zone for further combat forces.

Once the first wave of Garou warriors arrived in the jungle,
they quickly set up a temporary base camp and made prepara-
tions for the arrival of the others. As soon as the other warriors
arrived and members of the Thirteen Tribes were forced to
interact, the fighting began.

The Fianna tribe, led by Killian Stormfist, did not believe
Golgol and his band of Nordic warmongers to be competent
leaders in a situation so vital to the survival of Gaia. With the
support of the Fianna, Killian immediately challenged Golgol
for the right to lead the Amazon Garou. Despite Killian's fine
fighting skills, he was bested by the Get of Fenris elder and
conceded the authority of Golgol.

Many others also tried to claim leadership of the Garou in
"the Amazon, believing it to be théir right. The Shadow Lords
wanted control because of their ancient rivalries with the other
tribes. The Black Furies believed the males were not worthy to
lead an operation of this importance. All lost to Golgol.

Chapter One: History


This petty bickering and savage in-fighting lasted for several
months. During this time the Garou lost track of the reason for
their presence in the Amazon. Pentex did not. They com-
pleted the construction of their Amazon headquarters and
began their operation to destroy all life in the rain forest.
Another terrible blow had been delivered to the Garou,
exploiting their short-sightedness and impatience.

At this point, all 13 tribes conceded to the leadership of
Golgol Fangs-First with the stipulation that a War Council be
setup toadvise the Fenris elder in his most important decisions.
Golgol found this to be agreeable, and the War Council was
instituted by the elders of the other twelve tribes. Thus, under
the guidance of the Amazon War Council, the Garou began
their great fight to liberate the Amazon jungle from its oppres-
sors.

Garou Bases

In the beginning, the war did not go well. The Garou
presence was pitifully small in comparison to the might of
Pentex and its allies. Garou casualty rates were astounding and
many who rushed into the jungle to defend Gaia were never
seen again. Those first days were the darkest. Hope was hard to
find and morale was low.

Golgol Fangs-First, realizing the ineffective organization of
the Garou troops, sought to change the tide of the war. He -
organized the Garou into more effective fighting units consist-
ing of Wargs, groups of packs commanded by a Battle Master.
Three packs made a Warg, with each assigned a separate
function to support all activities necessary for mission success.
Battle tactics also changed a great deal. The Garou forces were
losing far too many warriors by rushing headlong into the
Pentex armies. Pentex was just too well equipped and trained.
They outnumbered the Garou by a ratio of ten to one.

Golgol guided the Garou to establish hidden bases in the
jungles where they could launch their raids against Pentex.
The first, most famous and by far the most successful of these
hidden bases was established close to the Pentex Amazon
Headquarters. It has earned a reputation of unparalleled suc-
cess among the Garou. Ranch Apocalypse, as it has come to be
known, is an enigma to the fomori who constantly search the
jungle for its whereabouts. So far, they have been unsuccessful
in all their attempts. The warriors who staff this legendary
outpost continue in their mission to eliminate the Pentex
Headquarters.

As these hidden outposts were being established, Amazo-
nian caerns were also being built. The largest and most
powerful of these, the Hollow Heart Caern, became the

18 Rage Across the Amazon


primary base of operations in the Amazon War. Realizing the
conflict would not be settled overnight, the Garou set up
extensive medical and supply facilities. This caern served the
needs of all those who fought in the jungle. Here, all Garou
destined for glory in the Amazon first arrive.

The Hollow Heart Caern became the home of the Garou
War Council. All major tactical decisions were made there.
The caern was guarded fiercely by the Garou. It is the founda-
tion for success in the Amazon. Other caerns were awakened
as well, including the Sky River Caern and the Caer of Rain
Spirits. Most of these are open to members of all tribes. It is
understood that the war is a group effort. Only through unity
will the Garou taste victory.

As time passed, the Garou forces closed the gap on Pentex.
Golgol sent a message around the world: Garou in search of
glory could fight an unparalleled war with the Wyrm in the
jungle. Many responded to this call and fell into the chain of
command. Pentex faced a force to be reckoned with.

The Werejaguars

During the establishment of the hidden outposts, the Garou
discovered another adversary that Pentex had already suffered
losses from: the Balam. These werejaguars were fierce oppo-
nents, guarding their Den-Realms with every fiber of their
being.

The invading Garou discovered the site of a dormant caern,

the Hollow Heart, and began their preparations for re-awaken-
ing it. This was the realm of Matua, a Balam. She fought hard

? — todrive the numerous Garou from her realm, but the caern was

too important to them. At first, the Garou tried to negotiate
with Matia. When that failed, they tried to kill her. She was
forced to flee her lands with bitter hate for the Garou burning
in her heart. She sought out the most powerful Balam elder,
Black Claw, and swore fealty to him in return for his aid in

__ fighting the Garou. He accepted.

For a short time, the Garou focused their efforts into the
struggle against this new enemy. Pentex launched savage
attacks against both the Garou and the Balam. Both races were
preoccupied by their age-old grudge against one another. Once
again, Pentex inflicted heavy losses on the Garou. They were
forced to pull away from their fighting with the Balam and
concentrate their efforts on the activities of Pentex.

The Balam, on the other hand, saw no reason to cease their
struggle with an ancient enemy. The werejaguars began aseries
of guerrilla-style raids on Garou war parties. They maintain
these raids today on a constant basis, hindering the efforts of
not only the Garou, but Pentex as well. This has been their
jungle since the gray, forgotten times before history. They still
fight savagely to save it from all outsiders.

In 1991, Black Spiral Dancer allies of Pentex moved into
the area around Anama and began their Rite of Caern Build-
ing. This area was a nexus for three Balam Den-Realms. The
werejaguar owners rushed forth to fight the invading Garou.
They were nearly destroyed by the great numbers of the Hive

and fled from their realms. The Balam lost yet another realm
to the Garou.

These Balam went to the Black Claw and swore fealty to
him if he would help them regain their realms. He accepted.

Only the few native Uktena, among all the Garou in the
jungle, are free from Balam raids. The Balam have lived in
relative peace with these werewolves for years, since the first
three Amazonian Uktena were raised among them. The war is
even straining that relationship.

The Mokole Rampage

Alligators snap at your ankles

And branches snap at your brain

If I ever get through this swamp alive

I'L never more pray for rain

— Pogues, "Blue Heaven"

Pentex began a new operation deeper in the Amazon than
their other activities. An oil-drilling exercise would test the
area for oil. Areas of Peru have lucrative oil deposits. Very few
companies were willing to put forward the expense to move
east of the Andes into the Amazon Basin. Already, the huge
pipe which pumped oil westward over the Andes had broken
down multiple times, spewing its black contents over the
region. Endron Oil volunteered to risk the venture. Of course,
the government supplied tax incentives.

Soon, they were drilling indiscriminately all over the area.
They found a deposit and immediately set up a pipeline to
deliver it over the mountains. The government couldn't be
bothered when this pipe burst. Gallons of oil spilled into the
Amazon River. They expected Endron to clean it up. Endron.
sent afew men out to handle the affair. With a crew of only ten
men, it would take them years to clean up any problems. Too
bad, they said. Budgets were tight.

The clean-up crew was never seen again. Endron's drilling
camp disappeared overnight. All that was left was an empty
clearing... and some strange footprints. The footprints re-
sembled tracks left by a dinosaur. Endron covered up the
operation quickly and hasn't been back since.

If any of the clean-up crew had survived, they would have
described huge reptiles thrashing through the edge of the
clearing. Giant creatures tore the camp apart in minutes. A
horrible roar echoed through the hills. The Mokolé were on
the rampage.

Although the werecrocodile nests were far removed from
Pentex development, they also felt the pain of the war. Oil
flowed downstream from the drilling site to Mokolé enclaves,
polluting their nests and poisoning their hatchlings. The
Mokolé could not sleep through this. Their rampage was
against anyone in the area associated with Pentex, even
innocent workers who had been forced to work at the drill site.
Noone with even theslightest connection with the mega-corp
was spared.

When the Garou heard of this affair, even they voted to

leave the Mokolé alone.

Chapter One: History 19


The Battles

These few young men ea

The few who dare )

To battle in hell

Le Mercenaire!

Strength and muscle and jungle work

— Warren Zevon, "Jungle Work"

Many battles of this war have become famous. Stories are
told around the fire over and over again. The fame of their
participants has often spread to other regions. Veterans, too
maimed to fight, return home and tell the tales to their
septmates. Below are the most famous of these conflicts.

Battle of Bane Field

This was the first major assault against Pentex Headquar-
ters. It was an incredibly violent and destructive battle in both
the physical realm and the Umbra. Two Garou forces, the
"Dread Foe" and the "High Mountain," assaulted Pentex

Headquarters as the full moon rose in the night sky. By dawn,
many Garou were dead, but even more Pentex First Teamers
lay on the field of battle, never to rise again.

At last, the physical camp had been breached and some
havoc wreaked, but the Pentex battalion was too strong. The
Garou had to retreat by dawn. The security fencing had been
torn, requiring two weeks to replace it. All their helicopters
were also destroyed, requiring one week to replace. During this
time, Pentex had to send their teams out on foot for supplies,
causing them to fall under many Garou guerrilla assaults.

The battle is named, however, after the conflict in the
Umbra. The 50 meter kill-zone around the Headquarters
swarmed with Banes in the Umbra, hordes of which came
against the Garou who had stepped sideways for the assault.
Many Theurges gained immense glory from the battle, includ-
ing a Bone Gnawer called Dreads-Not. Many other Garou
died. The Banes were destroyed or driven away. A victory of
sorts was achieved.

20 Rage Across the Amazon


The March of the Crees

This battle deep in the recesses of the rain forest was the
occasion of a miracle from Gaia. A Garou pack was ambushed
bya fomori First Team in an ancient grove of trees. One of the
pack members, Airk Goldfist, was a member of "Gaia's Hand,"
a group following the chivalric ideals of Garret Faithful, the
Children of Gaia War Council member. When the battle
turned against his pack, Airk dropped his klaive and prayed to
Gaia for deliverance. He was answered. The ancient trees
groaned and cracked. They uprooted themselves and wrapped
their massive boughs about the fomori. The Wyrm minions
struggled desperately, but to no avail. They were smothered to
death by the trees. When the last fomor died, the trees froze in
place and their roots replanted into the ground. It wasas if they
had always been rooted there.

The pack thanked Gaia for Her aid and returned to their
caern. The tale quickly spread and "Gaia's Hand" became a
respected camp.

Battle of Sareaming Mud

A Garou Ware, led by the Black Fury Shress Hardheart,
. attacked the recently built Hell's Hand Hive of the Black
Spiral Dancers. The results were horrible. The Black Spirals
had only recently created their caern in the underground
tunnels around a blasted and defoliated field. They had already
gained dread allies in the waste land. The very mud of the
swampy ground came to life and sucked the Garou force down
totheir waists. The ground moaned, screaming a bone-chilling
roar. The Black Spirals spilled from their hole and attacked the
immobile Garou, slaying nearly all of chem. Shress was able to

» commandafewto step sideways with her, where they could see

| the giant H'ruggling holding them. They raked it with their
| claws until it released them. Crying, it fled.

The Garou suffered a bitter loss. This story is told whenever
they need to work up their rage against the Black Spiral
Dancers.

Battle of the Dreadful Moon

Thisaccountis told at the Pentex HQ asa warning forcocky

- First Teamers and by the Garou to acknowledge the power of

the spirits. Pentex had been laying a foundation for a toxic
waste factory when a Garou pack assaulted them. This pack
was known as the Tangible Spectres, famed for their powerful
spirit allies. These allies were with them. Lunes moved against
the fomori, chasing them down and wrapping themselves
about their faces. What magic they worked then is mysterious
even to most Garou Theurges, but the First' Teams who
sutvived still scream whenever the full moon is in the sky. One
survivor killed his whole team ina psychotic episode during the
next full moon. Since then, they have had to be tied to their
beds on those nights.

Battle of Freaks

The "Dread Claw" Garou force once raged a massive assault
on the Pentex Laboratories. The Warg was unprepared for
what came out to meet them. A disgusting and horrific

menagerie of fomori flooded from the building towards the
Garou. The Garou easily cut them down as they came, but
hordes kept coming. The leader of the force, Folk
Humblehammer, swore the fomori wanted to die, for they did
little attacking. They simply ran into the waiting claws of the
Garou. When it was over, as the last fomor lay dying on the
ground, he croaked out a "thank you" before expiring. The
Garou retreated, confused and horrified at that laboratory
where monsters were made against their will.

The Fall and Return of the Hero

This is one of the most treasured tales by the Garou, for it
proves to them that, even in defeat, they can be victorious. The
Garou had left their base ofRanch Apocalypse when they were
attacked by First Teams. Well outnumbered, the Garou soon
fell, but not before they took many fomori with them. Their
leader, a Silver Fang hero known as Earth's Anger, swore that
he would return to kill the First Team leader. He was torn apart
by silver bullets, but he kept his promise...

A year later, a young Silver Fang pup new to the war came
upon the First Team leader in battle. He cried the name of
Earth's Anger for courage. He got more than he asked for.
Earth's Anger himself visited the young pup, taking over his
limbs and leading his actions in battle. The First Team leader,
startled and confused, was torn to pieces in seconds. The pup
howled to the sky in the voice of Earth's Anger and all Garou
heard. The pup then sagged to the ground, exhausted, as his
ancestor left him.

The Garou marvel at this tale today, for it is proof that they
will return from past lives to fight again against the Wyrm.

A Yew Phase

For years the struggle continued in the shadows of the
human world as both human and werewolf died and spirits
screamed under the canopy of the Amazon jungle. For the
longest time neither side could claim the upper hand. Even
Pentex, despite their staggering quantity of troops and equip-
ment, could not claim victory.

In the winter of 1990, the tide was turned. The war took on
a new phase. Pentex sought to establish another base of
operations in the jungle under the guise of Green River
Awareness, a rain forest preservation research center. For
many long weeks, the Garou fought conventionally. Midnight
raids were made against Pentex excavation equipment. Am-
bushes were set for First Teams. It then dawned on a Garou
pack that it would be best for the Brazilian government to
intervene in this matter. A plan was devised to force them to
do so.

The Swiftclaw Pack pulled back, leaving Pentex to go about
its business. They held back and watched from the shadows.
Pentex continued with its construction, comfortable in the
lack of resistance they received in building their facility. The
Garou then adopted a new tactic, one which would prove to
be quite successful.

Chapter One: History _ 21


Pentex wallowed in its pride, believing they had extin-
guished the Garou presence in the area. The pack made its
move. They began to set fires at random in the jungle, causing
great blazes destroying many acres of woodland. Afterwards,
the ground was charred and inhospitable. As they did this, they
left the mark of Pentex on everything, using items stolen from
Pentex on raids.

At first, the Swiftclaw were highly criticized for what they
had done. They were taken before Golgol Fangs-First and
found guilty of conspiring with the Wyrm. Despite their
pleading, the Council would not be patient for the results that
were to come. Mere minutes before the pack to be was cast out
and disgraced, valuable news arrived. Green River Awareness
was accused by the government of irresponsible actions result-
ing in irreparable damaged to the Amazon rain forest. They
were therefore banned from further research in that particular
area.

Several other investigations were initiated against Green
River and its contacts, the other local Pentex companies, to
determine the validity of their research in the Amazon.
Almost overnight the war turned in the favor of the Garou as
Pentex was forced to face a new enemy, that of a legally
established government with the power to evict them from the
area. Pentex began to shuffle paperwork in order to hide their
true intentions from the constant investigations raised against

them. As this took place, they pulled back from the battlefield
to maintain their cover. The first major blow was delivered
against Pentex. They decided to stand back, lick their wounds
and reassess their position.

Golgol Fangs-First, realizing the intentions of the pack who
had brought Pentex to their knees, swallowed his pride and
removed the charges against them. Instead, he rewarded them
with the renown deserving of their deed.

Coday

Time marches on

Time stands still

Time on my hands

Time to kill

— Warren Zevon, "The Indifference of Heaven"

Today, the war still wages. Pentex desperately attempts to
regain its foothold in the Amazon while suffering through
governmental inquiries on their actions. Because of this, they
have stepped up raids against the Garou forces with everything
they have to throw against them. Black Spiral Dancers con-
stantly burrow through underground tunnels in search of
Garou outposts. Pentex First Teams show no mercy on their
nightly attacks.

22 Rage Across the Amazon


Yew Pups

The Garou have been forced to bring in more warriors to
stand against the anger of Pentex and its allies. Pups, fresh from
the Rite of Passage, are sent to the jungle to join the fight. They
work to preserve and protect Gaia against the treachery of the
Wyrm.

This recruitment has angered many septs. The elders argue
that there are too few cubs born every year to risk them ina war.
As young Garou, hot for glory, rush to the Amazon under
promises of power and renown, caerns are left behind with
fewerand fewer young to take the place of the old. Golgol sends
the word out wherever he can, tempting all Garou to join the
fight. Only very recently have others begun to resist this,
claiming that Golgol would kill them all in the jungle by
leading a war no one can win.

The split in the Garou nation is widening. The gap grows
ever greater between the pro-war and the anti-war factions.
How long can this struggle go on before the Garou are divided?

A Fragile Umbra

Another danger has arisen, one that is nearly unimaginable
tothe Garou and thus denied by them. The spirit world is being
plundered for the war effort. The Umbra has its own environ-
mental balance just as the rain forest does. In fact, both are
vitally linked to each other. A change in the physical world has
repercussions in the Umbra. To a certain degree, the reverse is
also true. Radical change in the spirit world will affect physical
reality.

The Garou in the war, desperate for power to use against
Pentex, have begun to summon spirits to bind into fetishes. In
their arrogance, the Garou do not care whether a spirit is
willing to cooperate. The Garou argue that they have come to
save the spirits from Pentex. The spirits must show their
gratitude in return by empowering weapons for the fight. The
Garou force them to become fetishes.

They do not recognize the vital role these spirits play in a
spiritual eco-structure. By taking them from their Umbral
homes, they leave the Umbrascape barren of guardians and the
life necessary to make the physical world meaningful. For
example, when an Anaconda spirit, whose role is to mystically
aid the river's flow, is taken from its Umbral river lair, the "real"
river, of which the Umbra river is a spiritual counterpart,
begins to stagnate. In addition, when the spirit is no longer
there to defend the river, Banes can move in to take up
residence, and the river can soon become a hell-hole.

Of course, the Black Spiral Dancers are just as guilty as the
Garou. They have listened more closely to their Bane aides.
They have realized some secrets of the Umbral rain forest.
Spiral Dancers use these secrets to selectively destroy the
spiritual environment, placing Banes whete spirits of harmony
and beauty once dwelled. The Balam and Mokolé have
realized the danger and fight all Garou, trying to throw them
from the jungle. Some Garou realize the dangers, but unless the
Garou as a whole catch on, they may harm the land they fight
to save.

It is a dark and desperate time for the Changing Breed and
for all the world. The fight continues and will do so until Gaia
can once again know peace or the last drop of Garou blood
spills to the earth.

Chapter One: History 23


' Ugg ily "bs 7
aM

| |
NN
WANN Ne

S

Bll


ee ee a

pe

Che Battlefieb

Ah! never shall the land forget

How gushed the life-blood of her brave,

Gushed, warm with hope and courage yet,

Upon the soil they fought to save.

— William Cullen Bryant, "The Battle-Field"

The Amazon is different from most areas where the Garou
are active. For the most part untouched and unexplored by
humans, the Amazon is a pristine place. It is a land where life
grows, free from the devastating touch of humanity.

There are mysteries in the Amazon outside the reach of
humankind and its ever-present greed. Like many other beau-
tiful lands before it, the Amazon hasnow captured theattention
of corporations and individuals wanting to discover these
mysteries. The damage that occurs is irreversible. Whether this
is intentional or not, the effects are the same.

There are no Garou protectorates in the Amazon and few
caerns. This is the land of werejaguars and werecrocodiles.
Until recently, the Garou have had no business in this area.
Most of the places they now occupy are make-shift base camps
used as points-of-origin for reconnaissance missions and guer-
tilla style raids. There are a few caerns, however, that function
in the area thanks to the patience and determination of their
Garou keepers. These caerns still stand, despite the constant
raids from Pentex.

South America

(See map on page 118)

Thecontinent of South America is the fourth largest in the
world, stretching for about 7,400 km from north to south and
5,150 from-east to west. The continent covers more than 17.8
million square miles. It is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on
its eastern shores and the Pacific on its west coast. Central
America and the Caribbean Sea are found to the north and
Drake Passage separates South America from Antarctica to
the south.

The arena for the Amazon War is mainly in the country of
Brazil. Brazil is the largest country in South America, stretch-
ing almost 4,350 km eastward from the foothills of the Andes
Mountains tothe Atlantic Ocean. Brazil borders every country
of the South American continent with the exception of Chile
and Ecuador, occupying nearly half the continent of South
America. It is the world's fifth largest country, only slightly
smaller than the continental United States. The population is
about 40% less than that of the U.S.

Brazil is mostly highlands and mountainous areas. The
country enjoyed a political stability in the 19th century,
unusual for most Latin American countries. Political strife and
social turmoil have led to the bloody overthrow of many
administrations in the 20th century. Underthe administration
of a civilian government since 1985, Brazil is currently at-
tempting to rise from the depths of third world status. One of
the methods it uses towards this end is to allow foreign
corporations, particularly American ones, to establish produc-
tion bases in the country. Pentex had the chance to make their
move.

Chapter Two: Geography 25


AN

Wlanaus

Manaus, the largest city in the area of the Amazon conflict,
is on the Rio Negro, seven miles from the junction with the
Amazon river. It has a population of over 800,000 people. The
city saw its boom late last century as the rubber market took off.
Manaus was the center of that rubber industry, and it quickly
grew in population and riches. The city even became a center
for European culture in the jungle with its own opera house to
serve the artistic tastes of the rubber barons.

Manaus today is the major transportation nexus in the area.
From here, vehicles cross the Amazon through the river, in the
air or over the Trans-Amazonian Highway. DFG, Inc. uses
Manaus as its major port. Their deforestation efforts are
supplied through this city.

Welcome to the Jungle

My forest is a world of tall, slender tree trunks thrusting straight
out of the ground, climbing and climbing and unfurling only way up
at the very top. Light streams in only where a lightning bolt has
knocked down a tree, but the forest closes its wounds right away. Its
natural state is a green, gloomy semidarkness, like a Romanesque
cathedral,

— Darcy Ribeiro, Maira
The Amazon rain forest holds 30 percent of all known plant
and animal species. In two and a half hectares, an average of
23,000 species of life can be found. The massive development

26 Rage Across t

ry

OB:

projects planned for the Amazon will irrevocably destroy many
species of plant and animal, some of which have never been
discovered by the modern world. Already, many species of
plants have been discovered and lost as the edges of the forest
recede.

The climate of Brazil and the Amazon area is relatively
moderate. Temperatures rarely exceed 95 degrees Fahrenheit
in the tropics due to the high atmospheric humidity. Average
temperatures vary from 71 degrees Fahrenheit in July, the
coldest month, to 80 degrees Fahrenheit in January, the
warmest month. The jungles are hot and humid, bringing a
constant sweat to anyone traveling there. Life in the jungle is
not a dry existence. The forest sees a rainfall of over 70 inches
per year. Thunder storms are also common.

The forest plays an important part in atmospheric recycling,
producing an estimated 40 percent of the world's oxygen. It
also plays a vital role in producing the moisture necessary for
rainfall in surrounding countries. As the forests are cut down,
the cycle of rain is impaired, leading to droughts. As the rain
forests are cleared for cattle farming, soil erosion increases
dramatically, leading eventually to useless, barren fields. Tropi-
cal rain forests cannot support the kind of farming techniques
that were developed for northern climes or soil. Rain forest soil
isnot nutrient rich. Tree roots rarely run deep, making it easier
for bulldozers to knock them down.

The Garou know that the destruction of the rain forest
means a deathblow to the world on a level scientists cannot
predict or perceive. There are also spiritual effects. The corrup-
tion of the Wyrm is quite real to the Garou.

he Amazon


The Great River

A winding river

Gets wound around a heart. Pull it

Tighter and tighter

Uneil the muddy water part

— Paul Simon, "Can't Run But"

The Amazon River is the longest on the South American
continent. Originating in the Peruvian Andes, the river flows
about 6,450 km to its mouth in the Atlantic. It is the world's
second longest river, yet no other river approaches its volume
of flow, exceeding the world's 10 next largest rivers combined.

The basin of this great river is found inside Brazil in the state
of Amazonas. Here, the forces of Pentex and their allies have

begun their conquest of this land and its resources. This is
where the war is fought.

Flora

..  Theriverand its many tributaries are home to various forms
:» ofplant and animal life. There are 80,000 species of plants in

* the Amazon. In one hectare of Amazonian rain forest, there is
an average of 300 trees. The numbers are staggering, especially
when compared to a California forest with an average of only
five to ten trees for each hectare.

Broadleaf evergreens are typical for the rain forest. They
form a closed canopy over the Amazon world. Vines prolifer-
ate. Other plants and flowers can be seen growing on the trees.
The highest upper canopy trees rise to 165 feet, with a few as
tall as 200 feet. The forest floor is rather open, but can get quite
tangled, especially close to the river banks or in areas of new
growth over developed land.

In all, the plant life of the Amazon is amazingly diverse, a
riot of unique form and color. Gaia has grown many wonders
here, and she waits for Her children to discover them. The
deeper into the undisturbed interior one goes, the weirder the
landscape gets. The Storyteller should feel free to create bizarre
and never-before-seen plants.

Fauna

The Amazon is home to 30 million insects. In one tree,
more species of ants can be found than exist in all of England.
The Rio Negro, a tributary of the Amazon, has the greatest of
diversity of fish in the world, while Columbia, another country
containing the rain forest, has the greatest diversity of birds.
The Peruvian section of the forest has 1,450 species of butter-
flies. All of North America contains only 730. Gaia has many
children in the rain forest.


Within the Amazon live anacondas, crocodiles, peccaries,
howler monkeys, sloths, piranhas, stony Matamata turtles and
thousands of other animals ranging from the deadly to the
beautiful. The Amazon is teeming with animal life.

The Amazon is not only a prime place for plant pharmacol-
ogy, but also for animal pharmacology. A recently discovered
species of frog emits oils that act as a powerful drug, known by
the Indians to deliver eerily prescient visions. Research on
such animals, however, may never come about, for the animals
disappear with the declining forest and native lore on such
things disappear with the Indians' culture.

Umbrascape

The Umbra landscape around the Amazon is one of the
most vivid and active in the world. Spirits flit to and fro ina
kaleidoscope of color and motion. In the Amazon, many of the
plant spirits are mobile, floating through the green, towering
trees and tending to flowers over vast areas. There are also
strange spirits looming here, awakened by native magic, such
as ayahuasca, the spirit of a powerful drug taken by native
medicine men.

Many spirits of long dead or extinct creatures still roam the
Umbra, seemingly unaware of their extinction. Occasionally,
a Great Beast roams free, awakened from its slumber in Gaia's
womb. The neck of a massive dinosaur can occasionally be
glimpsed rising above the distant trees. The lumbering strides
of a Megatherium, or Giant Sloth, might shake the ground.

rd | rr a ry A
of ihbers "oe

wilt maa
Na es ta

‘gua.

s

 iegie Y

Also in this landscape are the Den-Realms of the Balam
werejaguars, hidden among the Umbral trees.

The sensory impression of the Amazon Umbra is not the
usual gray. This place is a land of green, spattered with brilliant
reds, yellows and blues. Spirits find easy camouflage in this
background. Anaconda Gafflings lurk in huge trees and wind-
ing rivers, camouflaged against the green. They wait for their
prey: either their usual diet of frog Gafflings or a daring try at
a wandering Garou.

The smells of the Umbra are intense for any wolf. Potently
fragrant flowers, pungent rotting vegetation and the scent of
strange animal tracks can be found here. In some places, ascent
hasstuck, staying at that site forages, regardless ofhow long ago
it was left there. Characters may find the scent of a dinosaur
and believe one is nearby when the beast really passed through
the area ages ago. These fossilized scents can be quite confusing
for characters trying to track someone in the Umbra.

This Umbra, like the earthly rain forest, is a vast spiritual
ecosystem. While its balance is not as delicate as its physical
counterpart, it too suffers from destructive tampering. The
Pattern Spiders have slowly begun to penetrate this land of
pure Wyld, tearing huge chunks of living green and leaving
lifeless brown behind. It is now common to see their Pattern
strands choking the rivers and paths.

In addition, the Wyrm's minions have taken their toll on
this place. Black Spiral Dancers wander the area, destroying
natural spirits and putting Banes in their place. Glade Chil-
dren become Blight Children. The vast clear-cut areas have

28 Rage Across the Amazon


become nightmares of smoking dirt and empty fields. Areas
once healthy are now haunted by blasted and scorched plant
spirits mourning their lost roots.

The danger of this Umbra realm is the reaction of the Wyld
to the invaders. No one can predict what will happen in the
Umbra when an ecosystem is hurt. The paths and ways of the
f- Umbra no longer match those in the real world. No one can

" predict what features on the physical plane will exist in the
Umbra. It is easy enough to get lost in the "real" jungle, but the
Umbral jungle routinely swallows up Garou patrols. These
patrols disappear for months only to reappear half a continent
away from their entry point.

Garou Theurges are easily confused when mapping paths
through the spirit world. Mapping is a tactical necessity, but
also a near impossibility. So far, due to the confusion of this
, alien environment, the war has taken place mainly on the
E physical plane with occasional battles transferring into the
Umbra. Garou and Black Spiral Dancers step sideways to fight
p tothe death in spirit battles. Battles in both realms are crucial
F to the future of the Amazon.

t The Storyteller has complete freedom in the Umbra. This

isa place possessed by the Wyld, and therefore all rules are in
question. Whenever characters take tothe Umbra, itshould be
a real task for them to figure out what is going on. This is a
bizarre, spiritual jungle that defies reason. This Umbra can
provide a place for intense "Alice in Wonderland" settings
with enigmatic spirits constantly baffling outsider characters.

There are two ways a character can understand the Umbra:
bea native, or ally with a native spirit. Only a few Uktena are
actually native to this region. They have tried to avoid the war
t for the most part. These Garou will know which paths to take
fin the Umbra and which spirits to trust. It is up to the
Storyteller to decide whethera player can take anative Uktena
~ as her character.

If the characters want to ally with a local spirit, the Story-
teller should give them a hard task to achieve before they can
be accepted as part of the rain forest. Any of the totems given
in the Appendix can provide characters with a native-level
understanding of the Umbra, but spirits will not easily accept
outsiders. If the pack wishes to gain Coatimundi as their pack
: totem, they should have to quest to find Coatimundi first and
then perform any task she asks before they can gain her
supernatural aid.

Cravel

Most of the long travel in the jungle is by river. The forests
are simply too thick for outsiders to traverse quickly. The
; Native Amazonians, of course, know how to travel the forests
- on foot with relative ease, but most outsiders have not mas-
tered this art. The Garou even have trouble at times. They are
, used to forest of a different sort. The Appendix gives game
* statistics for various types of boats used on the rivers of the
F Amazon Basin.

" Foot travel for outsiders may require a machete to chop away
| undergrowth. Those unfamiliar with the jungle may have a

Chapter Two: Geography oo 29


hard time orienting themselves. It is very easy to get lost in a
land with no horizon line. Orienting by the sun may require a
character to climb a tree simply to see the sun's position.
Outsiders will have a greater difficulty for their Survival skill
rolls. Garou in Lupus form, however, will not need a machete
to travel through the undergrowth, although Garou may have
to rely more on Primal-Urge than Survival for getting around.
While Primal-Urge cannot be used to orient oneself, it can
help instinctively guide one to water or assist in tracking food.

Tracking can be very hard for someone used to a different
environment. The sheer detail that assaults the senses in the
rain forest provides a major distraction, and the number of
strange scents can confuse any wolf. The Storyteller should
remember this when non-native player characters try to track
prey through the forest.

Che Garou

The Garou have claimed multiple areas in the jungle, even
constructing a caern of their own called Sky River and taking
over a dormant Uktena caern known as Hollow Heart. They
have many smaller bases and hidden scout camps throughout
the region.

The Hollow Heart Caern

Caern: Forest clearing northeast of the Rio Negro

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Awareness

Tribal Structure: Headquarters for the North Ward; open
to all Amazonian Garou

Totem: Tree Frog

This is the replacement center and primary base for all
Garou operations in the Amazon. It isa level four caern cared
forand controlled by the War Council, the circle of elders. This
caern is the center of all Garou activity in the Amazon and
contains the reception point for all incoming warriors from
Moon Bridges across the world. It is the primary base for
logistics, ammunition and weapon storage and the most well
stocked area for hospital supplies and medical care. The North
Ward is stationed here.

The caer was awakened in 1987, shortly after Garou forces
began toarrive ona regular basis from various parts of the globe.
It was understood from the beginning that a primary base of
operations must be established. This is not a war that will end
soon, but one that could last for years or even decades.

This caern is a constant target for Pentex attacks. So far, it
has sustained its existence and avoided destruction. The caern
is located north of the Amazon river in Brazil and is surrounded
by harsh, unexplored woodlands.

Hollow Heart is a caern of Awareness. By successfully
performing the Rite of the Opened Caern, a ritemaster will
receive the Silent Strider Gift of Attunement.

Thecaern's totem, the Tree Frog, is adept at camouflage and
lends its ability to the caern. The caern is very hard to find for

those who have never been there. Until a searcher enters the
clearing, she must make a Perception plus Awareness roll
against a9 to perceive the caern's existence. Thecaern also has
the Rite of the Shrouded Glen cast upon it.

Sky River Caern

Caern: Near the Purus River

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 4

Type: War

Tribal Structure: Headquarters for the South Ward; open
to all Amazonian Garou

Totem: Howler Monkey

The Sky River Caern is located beside the Purus River,
found south of the Amazon. The South Ward is stationed here,
and it is their duty to protect the area from the Hell's Hand
Hive while sending raiding parties against the Pentex Labora-
tories.

This is a caern of War. The ritemasters of this caern can
channel its power into fighting skill with a successful Rite of
Caer Opening. All three points of caern rating can be
channeled into a Dice Pool in one fighting ability for all
members of the pack. The effects will last for one scene, but can
be saved until the pack needs todraw on the Pool. Forexample,
ifaritemastersucceeds with hiscaern opening roll, all members
of the pack could then set aside an additional three dice to the
Dice Pool of either Brawl, Melee, Firearms, Archery or Kailindo
for one scene. All the pack members would increase the Dice
Pool of the same skill.

30 Rage Across the Amazon


The caern's totem, the Howler Monkey, is constantly on

the lookout for trouble. If danger approaches the caern, he will

screech warnings to the Garou. Only members of the caern. can
hear these screeches.

Caern of the Rain Spirits

Caern: Near Codajas, off the Amazon River

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Elemental

Tribal Structure: Native Uktena or Wendigo; other Garou
can only visit.

Totem: King Thunder

This native Uktena caern is presently in shambles because
of the early Pentex raids launched against it. Located up river
from Codajas, this is one of the few caerns established and
cared for before the war began. Because of this, it was one of the
first targets chosen when Pentex began its onslaught on the
jungle.

This caern is level two and relatively small, but its inhabit-
ants defend it fiercely nonetheless. It isa caern of the Elements,
and can summon local elemental spirits, generally in the form

of rain-spirits. A successful caern opening can summon either
two minor elementals or one major elemental.

Most of the surrounding forest has either been bummed away
or defoliated in the hope that this would break the will of the
Garou defenders. So far, this has been to no avail. It is a dark
and brooding place, filled with a sense of mourning for its once
pristine beauty. The Uktena who care for the caern treat it as
though it is pure and unblemished.

There are very few Uktena natives left. They must now rely
on outsider Garou to help them defend their caern. So far, only
other Uktena or Wendigo are allowed to stay in residence, but
others can visit and receive some of the caern's powers.

The spiritual center of the caern is only a few meters across,
but quite powerful nonetheless. From this point, sudden rains
are summoned to blanket the areas surrounding the caem,
hindering the efforts of Pentex First Teams on missions of
destruction. Members of other tribes will quickly run to the aid
of the Uktena and their caern ifcalled. This is perhaps the only
reason that the caern still stands today.

The caern's totem, King Thunder, is a local spirit that
controls many elementals. He can deliver devastating storms
onto enemy. encampments. Many First Team assaults have
been delayed due to powerful storms over the DFG Headquar-
ters.

Chapter Two: Geography 31


A. North Warg Battle Master
BeNorth. Warg Pack Leader 1
C..North Warg Pack Leader 2
_D. North Warg Pack Leader'3
E, South Watg Battle Master
F. South Warg Pack Leader 1
G. South Warg Pack Leader 2
H. South Warg Pack Leader 3

Communal House

Ranch Apocalypse

For hours we live in constant fear that someone might say
something to remind us of the chilling stories of men who fell asleep
in the forest and lost their souls by turning into animals, and lived as
animals forevermore.

— Darcy Ribeiro, Matra

Ranch Apocalypse is the major base camp of Garou assault
activity in the Amazon. It is located a half-days march from
DFG headquarters and maintains a constant staff of Garou
guerrilla warriors. Ranch Apocalypse is a thorn in the side of
Pentex.

Ranch Apocalypse was built on the grounds of a native
village. Originally, Pentex had taken over the village when the
DFG Headquarters were being built. Now the village rests on
the soil where the Black Frost, the first pack in the war, were
slain. The area is considered hallowed ground.

Pentex is unaware that the Garouare using their abandoned
village. When the factory was completed, they moved out,
leaving only the community house behind. The jungle has
now grown over the road leading to the factory. The Garou
know it is there, but avoid it nonetheless.

Ranch Apocalypse has managed to remain a secret for many
reasons. No injured Garou is allowed to return to the ranch. If
a warrior is wounded to the point where she can no longer
outrun her pursuers, it is unwritten law that she is to flee into
the jungle, returning when it is safe or continuing to fight, even
if it means death. The Garou who are stationed at this camp

also set up mock camps to fool the nightly Pentex reconnais-
sance.

North and South Ward battalions both man this base with
one Warg each. (see Chapter Three)

Pentex
Pentex Amazon Headquarters

The headquarters of Pentex in the Amazon Basin can be
found in lands that were once proud and majestic woodlands
filled with the sounds of abundant life. The land is now a dark
and silent place, fearing what it has become.

The headquarters are hidden under the name of DFG, Inc.:
the Developers Forestry Group. They are located a few miles
from the Amazon and Negro rivers. The area was once rich
with life, untamed and beautiful. Headquarters covers an area
of nearly two square miles. All the facilities required for
industrial and military activities are here. The fortress is a
monument to the evil of greed.

The compound houses as many as 350 employees at any one
time, including the First Battalion (see Pentex, in Chapter
Three). The compound also houses a great variety of military
equipment, including armored personnel carriers, helicopters
and an incredible array of conventional and chemical weap-
ons. From this location, all the nightly raids against Garou-held
positions are launched. Despite the power and might of this

32 Rage Across the Amazon


. Guard Tower

. Guard Shack

. Guard Housing

. Vehicle Maintenance &
Troop Training

. Training Area

, Maintenance

. Factory

. Cro Bungalow
Storage

facility, it is constantly under attack from both Garou forces
and werejaguars.

This establishment is a macabre work of art rising gloriously
to the sky. The factories release hot, acrid smoke into the
heavens and fill the nearby streams and woodlands with toxic
residue. Uncaring and undaunted in its quest, the headquarters
of Pentex in the Amazon have become the greatest threat to
the ecology of this beautiful and untouched area of the world.
Because of this, it is the primary target of all Garou search and
destroy missions.

The grounds were once the Den-Realm of a werejaguar. She
once fought to save her territory, but was overcome by Bane
spirits unleashed into the area. Today, this Bastet serves the
cause of Pentex Corporation so she can remain in her once-
beautiful home. She has been so corrupted by Banes that she
no longer remembers Gaia. Only her realm is important to her
now.

DFG has so far been able to hide its military strength from
the rest of the world. When a Brazilian official visited recently,
Pentex explained away the electric fence and well-armed
guards by providing proof of hostile eco-guerrilla attacks. This
proof was faked, but the government was convinced. Worried
that eco-terrorists were threatening the economy, they granted
DFG a license to shoot any such terrorists on sight. The issue
of this license was, of course, influenced by heavy bribes and
the occult whispers of Banes.

- 8Q Meter
"Rill Zone
Cleared
Around
Complex

The Compound

The compound (see map) is surrounded by an extensive
network of security systems, including motion sensors and
microwave sensors. The motion sensors are placed on the
fences, alerting the guards of an intruder if they are touched.
The microwave sensors are placed throughout the compound.
The device transmits a beam between two points and triggers
an alarm if the beam is interrupted. There are also patrol routes
along the inside of the fences manned around the clock by
armed guards. Towers rise 60 feet from the ground, providing
clear visibility for the guards appointed to maintain surveil-
lance of the surrounding woodlands. The entire area is
surrounded by a 50 meter kill zone. This area has been
completely defoliated, helpingpatrols toprotect against would-
be intruders.

Inside the compound are a variety of storage, training and
maintenance facilities serving the needs of both the troops and
the employees of the factory. The front and back gates are
manned at all times by a force of seven heavily armed troops.
A fast pursuit vehicle armed with a .50 caliber machine gun
stands by. Located on the north side of the compound is the
primary maintenance facility for all che vehicles and equip-
ment.

In the east side of the compound, one of the few areas inside
the gates still wooded, is the bungalow of the Chief Regional
Officer, Barnaby Shadrack. The morning sun cascades through
the windows on the eastern side of the house and provides a

Chapter Two: Geography 33


pleasant atmosphere for his morning meal. The house is
constantly guarded by a platoon of troops and is surrounded by
tripwires and claymore mines to prevent unauthorized en-
trance.

The factory facility is located near the center of the com-
pound and is as heavily guarded as the other important
buildings. The laboratories are located nearby toward the
southern fence line. It is necessary to house this particular
operation close to the fence so that toxic wastes are filtered
outside the gates instead of accumulating inside. Along the
northwestern side of the compound are the housing and
training areas for the troops stationed here. This area main-
tains its own surveillance system separate from those found in
the rest of the compound. It not only houses the troops, but also
their vehicles, helicopters and weapons. Guard patrols around
this area are twice those in the rest of the compound. The guard
towers erected on the western end of this area provide an extra
degree of security for both the troop compound and the rest of
the facility.

Only Pentex employees are allowed access to any portion of
the compound with the exception of Barnaby Shadrack's
bungalow and selected areas of the factory. The Brazilian
government has been bribed to look the other way and not
stick their noses in Pentex's business.

The troop configuration includes the First Battalion: Alpha
Company (1st, 2nd and 3rd platoons) and Beta Company (Ist
and 2nd platoons).

This compound is the source of the disease that now infects
the Amazon jungles. The sickness grows stronger with each
passing day.

Pentex Laboratories

This smaller facility is located near Manicore on the Ma-
deira River. This location contains the primary research and
development plant for Pentex in the Amazon, hidden under
the auspices of Magadon, Inc. Here, genetic and biological
research are pursued. Everything is done under the guise of
medical research.

Thenative Brazilians who work for Pentex in this facility are
asad lot indeed. They are listless, lacking the drive of human-
ity. These poor souls have been so tortured.and exploited by
Pentex that they are no longer truly human. They have been
used as guinea pigs for all the biological agents developed in
this facility. Now they are the willing cohorts of Pentex's plan
for the future of the Amazon.

The majority of those whostaff this facility are scientists and
research personnel. A small contingent of troops are on
continuous standby to protect against raids by both Garou and
Balam war parties. These attacks have been rare up to this
point because the effort these two forces have been focusing on
DFG's Headquarters. As a result, Pentex has been able to go
about its research relatively undisturbed.

The compound is built upon a native village with a
missionary's church. The church is now the storage building,
next to the new, more modern laboratory facility. Troop

Rage Across the Amazon


barracks are in the large, native hut. The security is similar to
» the DFG Headquarters, with reinforced chain-link fencing
Fy and electronic sensors. Guards patrol the perimeter con-
FL. stantly.
q The troop configuration consists of Gamma Company (1st
tf and 2nd platoons) and Delta Company (3rd platoon, on
FP roving patrol).

Pentex Storage and Supply
Faality

To resupply their Amazonian forces efficiently, Pentex
. maintains a large group of warehouses in the Manaus port.
— Through extensive bribes, these warehouses have avoided any
government inspections. From here, the equipment is either
| loaded ontoa boat for travel deeper into the Amazon or carried
inland and transported across the River Negro to the jungle
: headquarters in secret.

The warehouses are heavily guarded around the clock by a
platoon. The place is always well lit. A fence with video camera
security surrounds the compound. The warehouses extend
down arow with lift vehicles parked in front of the five separate
buildings. Each building has a key-card lock system. Only the
First Team leader and local executives carry key-cards.

This center is guarded by the Gamma Company's 3rd
platoon.

Pentex Mining Faality

And some have sailed from a distant shore

And the company takes what the company wants

And nothing's as precious

As a hole in the ground

—— Midnight Oil, "Blue Sky Mine"

. This mining facility located near Catrimani in the Andes
; Mountains has been in operation since the beginning of
|. Pentex's involvement in the Amazon. It is still a relatively
P small operation and has come up barren in most of its mining
} efforts. So far, the Garou have all but ignored the mining
facility, although it has been expanding at a rapid rate in the
past few months. Black Spiral Dancers now assist with the
+ burrowing. The cover company is Harold & Harold Mining,
e Inc.
f While the site does not unearth much silver, Harold &
FP Harold smuggles silver here hidden in supply crates. The silver
Fis then taken by helicopter to the DFG Headquarters and
manufactured into bullets. Occasionally, the silver is marched
"over land if Pentex believes a helicopter will fall under too
much scrutiny. In this case, First Teams must guard it over the
long march.

This facility is guarded by the Beta Company's 3rd platoon.

Operation Blight

Far down the Amazon river is Pentex's vilest operation yet:
adefoliant factory in the jungle. Most of the Garou are unaware

Chapter Two: Geography


of this factory far from the Pentex HQ. They were able to lay
the foundations and begin initial work before they were finally
discovered. The Garou are unsure what to do. The factory is far
from their support lines, so any packs which assault it cannot
be assured of any back-up aid or assistance. It has thus become
a place for frantic assaults by single packs greedy for glory. Few
packs have returned from these raids.

Every day, the factory churns out more chemicals to lay
waste to tracts of forest. The factory waste is then dumped in
the river.

This operation is guarded by Delta Company's Ist and 2nd
platoons.

Hell's Hand Hive

Located near Anama is the Hive of Hell's Hand. Once, this
area held three Balam Den-Realms. Then the Black Spiral
Dancers came, pushing them out and destroying both the
Umbral and physical Balam territory. The Black Spiral Danc-
ers now call this recently destroyed land home.

This place is now barren of all life. There is no beauty here
and the mere sight of it is enough to rack the soul with hollow
sobs. It stinks of the Wyrm and its corruption. Most of the
activity of the Black Spiral Dancers who now inhabit this place
is carried out underground. There is an extensive network of
tunnels just below the surface extending over an area of several
miles. No light ever spills inside the blackness of their cunnels.
The Black Spirals prefer to rest by day and come out under the

cover of darkness. The tunnels have flooded often, drowning
some Black Spirals. The swampy soil cannot support too much
digging. This has not prevented them from continued burrow-
ing, however. Their madness will not allow them to abandon
such futile tasks.

There are no trails in the area to prove any movement takes
place. The only visible difference between this area and the
surrounding forest is the blatant chemical desolation.

Che Balam

The Balam tribe of the Bastet werecats called the Amazon
home long before the Garou arrived. The recent war has
caused them grief. They have begun to rage against both
Pentex and Garou factions in the war. This is their territary
and they will be damned if anyone, fomor or wolf, is going to
claim it.

Den of Black Claw

The Den of Black Claw is the current stronghold of the
Balam fighting forces in the Amazon area. It holdsa total of five
Bastet. The first is the elder Black Claw himself. Three Balam
have come from Anama after being pushed from their former
realms by Black Spiral Dancers. The fifth is Matda, who lost
her home to the Garou at Hollow Heart. After the great losses
they sustained at Anama, the Balam made a hurried effort to
reestablish themselves. Located near Manaus, this is a well
fortified and guarded post.

The Balam who serve in the Den of Black Claw are perhaps
the fiercest of all the werejaguars in the jungle. Despite their
individual natures, they have managed to work together quite
well to expel the Pentex threat from their homeland.

This physical territory of the den is built as a network of tree
dwellings well camouflaged against the backdrop of the Ama-
zon. The Umbral territory of the realm isa pristine, uncorrupted
jungle. Huge trees abound, with limbs large enough to seat the
entire Balam force for a taghairm. So far, no one has breached
the Umbral Gauntlet of thisden. Noone, outside of the Balam,
realizes that it exists.

The realm is small for five predators, covering 27 square
miles, and has a Gauntlet rating of 8.

Den-Realm of Rorth Son-of-
Bast

Along the Purus River is the Den-Realm of Rorth Son-of-
Bast. He dwells alone, untouched by the present conflict. As
one of the eldest among the Bastet, he chooses not to partici-
pate in the activities of the younger Balam. He believes his
time to fight has passed.

Rorth's area of jungle is not as beautiful as it once was. The
warrior's failing health and the ravages of war have dulled this
place. They have not, however; extinguished the light that

shines from Rorth's aged eyes. The area covers nine square
miles and has a Gauntlet of 8. If chis den is invaded, whether

36 Rage Across the Amazon


by Pentex or the Garou, Rorth's kin will respond quickly and

| savagely, as he is well respected among his kind.
Grrrash tak nyrer

Thisisthe main territory of the Mokolé, the werecrocodiles.
| Itissituated on the banks of the Urucu river and has been their
| home for millennia. Grrrash tak'nyrrr is a primitive place,
seemingly unchanged from prehistoric times. It ishere that the
Mokolé live as one with the indigenous life of the area. Grrrash
tak'nyrtr is the Mokolé nesting ground.

To outsiders in this area, the territory of the Mokolé is very
inhospitable. It has avoided the horrible destruction other
places in the Amazon have suffered. This may not last for much
longer. A smaller nest up the Amazon River, Hooark'Coark,
was poisoned by Endron Oil, forcing the Mokolé there to
abandon it. The same fate may lie in store for Grrrash tak'nyrrr.

Pentex First Teams have recently scouted the area on
| reconnaissance missions for Garou strongholds. They not only
came back empty-handed, but failed to return at all. The
Mokolé do not abide unwelcome visitors in their realm.
Although they have little understanding of the politics of the
current conflict, they nonetheless have been forced to act.
Their leaders are currently pondering a meeting with Garou
| forces. They are considering an alliance so that their territory
might be protected against further Pentex missions.

Chapter Two:

It must be pitch dark in my village now. Inside the houses,
everyone's asleep in hammocks tied to posts in the wall and poles,
forming little family clusters. The man's hammock below; his wife's
above him and their children's above her. Underneath, to take the
chill off the early morning air, some paltry embers are burning,
casting a glow on nothing but the floor...

— Darcy Ribeiro, Maéra

All over the Amazon, the villages of indigenous people can
still be found, dotting clearings along the riverways. These
grow fewer as time marches on. The Indians are often forced to
leave to seek jobs in the cities and towns. Empty and aban-
doned villages are left along the rivers. The clearings are
already being retaken by the jungle.

In the Gothic Punk jungle, this has wounded Gaia. The
Indians havea place in Gaia's plan as caretakers. Without their
wise management of the jungle, it is easier for Banes and other
Wyrm creatures to take over once-pure areas. Garou trekking
through the jungle may come across an abandoned village and
think to spend the night there. They should think again. The
village may have become the home of a Wyrm monster. Skull
Pigs (see Book of the Wyrm) breeding with the native peccaries
and tapirs have become numerous in the jungles, often taking
up residence in the empty villages.

As for the still-inhabited villages, they often house Kinfolk
for the Balam or Mokolé. Any Garou who thinks to lay aclaim
may find himself toe-to-toe with an enraged shapeshifter.

Geography 37


G«
mE

; ! ff 4 fu if
/

Hi Ha
5 jie it

tn

FON

Hl
co

Mt

&
te Hh feces
ly
‘ Sl

Mi

a a


Che Garou

There I stand with my own kin

At the end of everything

Finally the dream is gone

I've had enough of hanging on

— Big Country, "Steeltown"

From the moment the Garou first discovered Pentex's
plans, they have come in force to the Amazon. At first, packs
fought among themselves more than they fought Pentex.
Since the arrival of Golgol Fangs-First, the Garou have shaped
up into an organized fighting force.

Golgol instilled discipline with the threat of death. This war
was not to be taken lightly. It was a matter which concerned
the entire Garou nation. Golgol has used his knowledge of
! human fighting tactics to arrange the Garou into disciplined
forces with a hierarchy of command. This has worked incred-
" ibly well so far, strengthening the basic Garou social unit, the
pack. Golgol realized that pack competition was an important
factor, but also that such competition must be directed against
} the enemy. The most rewarded packs are those with the most
; enemy kills. Packs that fight among themselves are punished
E severely.

At one point, 190 Garou were fighting Pentex in the
Amazon, but casualties have reduced this number to 130.
Golgol is desperately trying to draw more Garou into the fight.

He has begun recruiting. cubs who have not yet undergone
their Rite of Passage.

Player Character Packs

Player character packs in the Amazon will be part ofa Ware,
a group of three packs under the command of a Battle Master.
Each pack still has a pack leader, but this leader must take
orders from the Battle Master. A leader who doesn't will
answer to Golgol.

Wargs are usually named after their Battle Master. For
example, Battle Master Jurgen Kreig's Warg is simply called
"Kreig's Warg."

Each Warg is assigned to a Moon. There are two Moons in
a Ward, or battalion. There are two Wards in the Amazon: the
North Ward and the South Ward. The Garou Organization
sidebar explains the command structure. This is an ideal
structure, the way Golgol would like it to be. Reality has
prevented his dream of a perfect war from coming true; not all
the positions on the chart are filled. As packs get killed, holes
are left in the structure that cannot easily be filled.

So far, the structure has held due to successful dominance
challenges from the Battle Masters and War Leaders. There
have been cases where individual pack leaders have won
significant challenges over their superiors. These Garou have
been promoted to higher positions. Also, a few rogue packs
have run off into the jungle to run the war their own way. Few

Chapter Three: People 39


Garou Organization
¢ Basic Amazon War unit: the Pack (commanded by a
Pack Leader). Avg. 5 Garou
Types of Packs: War, Borzoi* (Scout), Guardian

© A "Warg"(commanded by a Battle Master). Avg: 15
Garou

Consists of three packs, usually two War and one
Borzoi. Caern Wargs have one War and two Guardian.

© A "Moon" (commanded by a War Leader). Avg. 45
Garou

Consists of three Wargs.

e A "Ward" (commanded by a War Chieftain). Avg. 90
Garou

Consists of a caern and two Moons

*"Borzoi": a Russian wolfhound, from the Russian word
borzoy = swift.

are heard from again. The Ghost Raptor Pack is the most
famous and successful of these rogue groups.

Where and how the player character pack fits into this
structure is up to the Storyteller. Most of the stories given in the
Encounters chapter assume that the pack is relatively low on
the totem pole, that they are one of three packs in "Krieg's
Warg." Kreig (see South Ward below) is a grizzled drill sergeant
kind of Garou. He sends his packs out on important missions
and expects them to follow his orders. The Storyteller is free to
make up his own Warg for the pack, or even to allow the pack
to go rogue (thus making them Golgol's enemies).

Moots

Battle Moots are called on a regular basis in all the Amazon
caerns. These are more like strategy or mission objective
sessions than actual moots. These small moots are open only to
those who are invited: usually the pack, Warg or Moon who
will carry out the strategy discussed there. A Battle Moot opens
with a Moot Rite. Then all involved get down to the business
at hand. There are no stories told or grievances aired; these are
tactical moots.

Another kind of war moot is the Victory Moot. These are
celebrations for heroic actions. The moot is open to all in the
camp. A pack is.singled out to receive this honor, although
sometimes an entire Warg is chosen to gain recognition. Their
victory is recounted for all to hear. These are the moots in
which player characters will gain immediate renown for their
missions.

A Council Moot is often called to discuss high-level strat-~

egy. Only the War Council is allowed to participate. Tribal
secrets are sometimes revealed. The Council members have all
taken oaths, sealed by rites, to never repeat the secrets they
discover here.

Regular moots are called for general get-togethers. Any
Garou in the region is invited. These are usually occasions for
the telling of legends and myths, the airing of grievances or the

calling of challenges between members of different caerns.
Another purpose for these moots is to recharge the caern. All
present are expected to join in these energizing rites.

Golgol Fangs-First, High War
Chieftain

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Enigmas 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Contacts 2 (septs outside of
the Amazon), Allies 5 (the Amazon war force)

Gifts: Smell of Man, Inspiration, Razor Claws, Resist Pain,
Staredown, Spirit of the Fray, Silver Claws, Combat Healing,
Strength of Will, Body Shift, Might of Thor, Hero's Stand,
Horde of Valhalla

Unstoppable Warrior (6th Level Ahroun Gift) — A
Garou who uses this potent Gift can regenerate aggravated
damage. This works against all attacks except those from silver
weapons. Each turn, roll Stamina + Primal-Urge against a

difficulty 8; if successful, then spend one point of Rage per
Health Level healed (much like a vampiric Blood Pool).

Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 10
Merits/Flaws: Overconfident, Untamable
Rank: 6

Renown: Glory 160,000, Honor 110,000, Wisdom 90,000

Rites: Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, Stone of
Scorn, The Hunt

40 Rage Across the Amazon


p Fetishes: Fist of Thor (see Tribal Weapons, in Appendix
F One). Battle Harness (Level 5, Gnosis 6; this regal looking iron
F vest adds plus two to the wearer's Strength and adds three

F armordice. It must first be activated before it can even be lifted.

& It becomes weightless after successful activation).

| — Image: Golgol is a huge Garou, over seven feet tall in
k Homidformand 13 feet in Crinos. He is almost 65 years old and
E isgetting gray hairs, even in Lupus form, butisstill in incredibly
B trim and fit fighting shape. He wears an impressive battle
E harness (see Fetishes, above) and his body is laced with battle
scars and ritual pictograms.

Roleplaying Notes: You are quite level-headed for a Get of
| Fenris. You have seen so many battles that you remain com-
; pletely calm during a fight, even with bombs dropping on all
E sides. Through your life, you have grown from a fierce, excit-
} able pup to a disciplined and introspective tactician.

| = Background: Golgol was born on a World War II battle-
+ field. That day, his Garou mother only stopped fighting long
f enough give birth before going back into battle. She died in
F glory before he could suck at her teat, but her pack adopted him
F and ensured his survival. His human father never knew he —

For the Garou — existed.

t. Asthe war ended, his mother's pack achieved a position of
E> honor. They had been among the few Get of Fenris packs who
F had fought against Germany. As Golgol grew up, he worked to
| live up to his reputation. In Vietnam, he fought for the fun of
E - itand learned about jungle tactics. Now he is using this hard-

won lore in the Amazon War.

Many of the young Fenris fear him, for they have grown up
hearing legends of his exploits. This causes the other tribes,
who haven't heard all the tales, to wonder just what he does to
them for disciplinary action. All he really has to do is dart a
: scowling glance at a Fenris to stop any problem behavior.

Che War Counal
Black Furies

Lanya Wings-Afire is the eldest among the Furies. She
' ensures that the wisdom and desires of her tribe are represented
in all the council meetings. She is from the Dakota Badlands
and isstill getting used to the jungle territory. There are rumors
that she left her caern because of a political squabble with the
sept leader. She is allegedly here only to gain enough glory to
* return and overthrow the leader in a challenge. Lanya denies
this whenever it is brought up and has challenged the last few
who have accused her of this. She is a Rank Five Philodox.

Bone Gnawers

There is no Bone Gnawer representative on the council.
The Get and Shadow Lords have deliberately scared away any
who were interested. Not many were. The few Bone Gnawers

involved in the conflict have relied on Code Red, the Glass
Walker elder, to represent them.

Children of Gaia: Garret Faithful

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 3,
Melee 4, Kailindo 2, Leadership 5, Survival 2, Enigmas 3,
Medicine 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3 (Gaia's Hand), Pure Breed 2, Past
Life 4

Gifts: Persuasion, Mother's Touch, Call of the Wyld,
Mindspeak, Dreamspeak, Luna's Armor, The Guilty Mind,
Unicorn's Grace, Bridge Walker, Halo of the Sun, Head
Games

Special Power: True Faith in Gaia: 7. Garret has extreme
faith in the will of the Earth Mother. This faith gives him
amazing abilities and can even allow the intervention of
miracles at times. Garret can use his Faith Dice Pool to cause
vampires to flee (difficulty 8) or to pray for miraculous events
(Storyteller's discretion). .

Complete rules for Faith are given in Vampire: the Mas-
querade and the supplement Hunters Hunted.

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 45,000, Honor 80,000, Wisdom 60,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Questing Stone, Rite of Con-
trition, Rite of Cleansing, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of
Spirit Awakening

Fetishes: Garret holds the Chalice of Renewal (see Tribal
Weapons in Appendix One), Great Klaive, Tears of Gaia, and
Clear Water (three vials).

Chapter Three: People 41


Image: A very handsome man with pure white hair and
clear blue eyes. He is 6°3" and weights about 160 Ibs. He is in
his early forties but wears his age well. The weathered lines on
his face seem more like marks of wisdom than the result of hard
living.

Roleplaying Notes: Walk with peace and others will
follow. Your duty to Gaia is to provide an example for all Garou
tofollow. Be fair and generous to all whoare noble. Be decisive
and just when punishing those who are dishonorable. You do
not like the war, but realize it is necessary.

Background: Garret Faithful is the eldest of the Children
of Gaia in the Amazon. He sees his duty here as a chance to
ensure that the "superior" Gaian fighting ideal is enforced.
This means that the Garou must display honor, mercy and
fairness. Because of this near pacifist ideal, Garret is at odds
with many of the other council members. He is also a devout
follower of this code of Gaia, and miraculous events have
occurred around him.

These miracles have convinced many of the young Garou
that he is blessed by Gaia. Some packs have pledged to follow
his methods and "chivalric code," much like the knights of
Arthurian times. They call themselves "Gaia's Hand". Most
Get of Fenris, Shadow Lords and Red Talons call them fools.
These packs, however, have displayed amazing amounts of
sheer luck, forcing the council to admit that this may be a
message from Gaia.

Fianna

Breoghan Dances-in-Clover is the elder council member
for the Fianna. He is a Rank Five Galliard and also a member
of the camp known as the Grandchildren of Fionn. Breoghan
is widely respected by both the Fianna and the members of the
council. He is a fair man, always willing to consider the
thoughts of others.

Breoghan's happy-go-lucky personality makes him an easy
person to get along with, although he can be quite fierce if
pushed too far. He tends to trust the decisions made by the
Council unless they seem too extreme. He is an accomplished
musician, as are many members of his tribe, and he will gladly
play his guitar if asked. Breoghan truly believes that the Garou
presence in the Amazon is necessary for the survival of Gaia
and he is quick to anger around any who do not believe so.
Despite the fact that Golgol is of the Get of Fenris, Breoghan
trusts Golgol completely and will defend his decisions against
any who oppose him.

Get of Fenris

Golgol Fangs-First is the council member for the Get. As he
is also High War Chieftain, he has a disproportionate amount
of power. The Fenris say this is only right, for they were the first
in the war. Many on the council grumble, but none have dared
to question this.

Glass Walkers

Code Red is the odd name of the eccentric Glass Walker |
who represents his tribe on the council. Red is a mysterious
figure. He is a cabocuo, having both Brazilian and Portuguese
ancestors. Some believe he may be from Rio de Janeiro, but no
one really knows much about his past. All admit he is an
exemplary member of his tribe. This makes him disliked by |
most of the council, but quite respected by the Glass Walkers 4
in the war. It is Code Red who has provided the Garou with
some of the most potent weapons and defenses for the war:
high-tech gadgetry and electric spirits that have confounded
even Pentex. Code Red's Glass Walkers have even been able
toturn Pentex' own equipment against them by awakening the
spirits within the mechanisms. This has caused Golgol to value
his advice, even though the rest of the Fenris shake their heads
in disgust. Code Red is a Rank Four Ragabash.

Red Talons

Fierce Hunger is the Red Talon of the council. She isa Rank

_ Four Ahroun anda member of the Anti-Extermination camp.

She respects the native tribes of the Amazon and the Garou
homids she has worked with in the war, but must, as a Red
Talon, demand harsh restrictions against all humans. She
trusts the rest of the lupus on the council more than any of the
homids, even Golgol. The sharp contrast in weather between
Brazil and her native British Columbia has made her job more
difficult.

-@

42 Rage Across the Amazon


Shadow Lords

Last-One-Out is the lupus Shadow Lord elder of the council
and a rank five Theurge. He sarcastically criticizes everything
the council discusses, but when the time for decision arrives, he
is among the most decisive of all Garou in the jungle. All the
Shadow Lords in the Amazon follow him faithfully, although
Last-One-Out demands they follow Golgol's chain-of-com-
mand in all cases. The only exception, of course, is when the
Lords are to gain from disobedience.

Silent Striders

. Horus the Sword is the Silent Strider who sits on council for
this tribe. He is a Rank Five Ahroun famed in many different
exploits and especially known for rescuing an African caern
from Pentex. His experiences there make him invaluable to
- Golgol in decision making. He is the Chief of all the Borzoi, or
scout, packs. They take their training directly from him.

Silver Fangs

Maria Orrelano is the Silver Fang of the council. Her sept
} in Mexico wars with the Black Spiral Dancers of that country.
' Her glory from these battles has earned her the Black Spiral
- canines she wears around her neck. Some whisper that close
proximity to the Spirals has made her somewhat mad, but
' others say it simply the Silver Fang blood. She is eager to lead
; many missions herself, and the rest of the council must

- continually stop her. They are here to lead, not to get killed in
» battle. Maria is a Rank Four Galliard.

~ Stargazers

Awena Walks-The-Airts is the one of the very few Stargaz-
| ers involved in the war. She is a master of Kailindo and will
«teach this art to any cub she believes can learn it. Very few can.
Anyone she believes will not be able to finish training will not
be taught. Gung-ho glory-seeking Garou cannot learn from
her. She says little during council but when she gives advice,
it is usually correct. Awena is a Rank Four lupus Ragabash.

Uktena

Cavalo is the Uktena council member. He is from southern
: Brazil, where he was a priest of Macumba before his Change.
| His contact with the spirits only improved after he discovered
| _hisheritage. He is one of the most feared Theurges in the area.
- Many native magicians, even Kinfolk of the Mokolé, have
allied with the Garou out of fear for what Cavalo would do to
them if they didn't. Cavalo is Rank Five.

Wendigo

Argues-With-Anger isthe Wendigocouncil member. Much
of her Mexican wolf pack was destroyed by human encroach-
ment, leaving her bitter and hostile. She has come to the
_ Amazon to exact her vengeance against Pentex, for she knows
they are responsible for many of the world's natural disasters.

_ Heradvice is tainted with this anger, and few council members
take her seriously anymore. They always know how she will

Chapter Three: People

vote: for the most direct, destructive options possible. She is a

Rank Five Ahroun.

The Leaders of the North Ward

This battalion of Garou operates out of the Hollow Heart
Caer. Members of this Ward are often sent far afield on
missions against Pentex.

The two Moons of this Ward are the "High Mountain"
Moon and the "Dark Foe" Moon. Golgol Fangs-First is the War
Chieftain of the North Ward in addition to being the High
War Chieftain.

Shandy, War Leader

Breed: Homid,

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna -

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2,
Leadership 4, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3 (the High Mountain Moon)

Gifts: Resist Toxin, Inspiration, Smell of Man, Brew, Glib

Tongue, Silver Claws, Balor's Gaze, Troll's Bridge, Woadling,
Cocoon

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Merits/Flaws: none

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 50,000, Honor 30,000, Wisdom 35,000

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caer, Moot Rite, Rite of
Passage, Voice of the Jackal

Fetishes: Heart of the Spirit (holds 5 Rage points; see
Players Guide); Great Klaive


Image: Shandy is a tall, lanky fellow in Homid form and a
long, lanky wolf in Lupus. He has long, stringy red hair and an
engaging smile. His green eyes glow with energy. He has Celtic
design tattoos on his biceps.

Roleplaying Notes: Smile! Sure, war can be a real hell, but
it brings people together. You glory in the unprecedented
chance to party with ali the tribes. Always crack a joke if
someone looks down-and-out and give a good pat on the back
to anyone who needs it.

Background: Shandy is the War Leader of the Dark Foe
Moon. He is a competent and outgoing leader, well respected
by everyone involved in the Amazon conflict. He is a strong-
willed, loud and boisterous man who enjoys a good fight and a
stiff drink. Shandy is formerly a member of the Irish Republi-
can Army and was disillusioned with the cowardly way in
which they chose to fight. He volunteered for duty in the
Amazon in search of the real thing. His large victory parties
have been a boon to morale for those whoserve in the Amazon.
The victory parties are held whether victory was achieved or
not. He always volunteers to be first into the fray and will
quickly challenge others for the right if they volunteer before
him. He is well known for his broad smile, quick wit and savage
temperament.

Tanzt, Battle Master

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Silent Striders

Camp: Harbingers

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 2, Animal Ken 2, Drive 1,

Sy oS

Melee 4, Kailindo 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Inves-
tigation 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Past Life 5

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Scent of the True Form, Speed
of Thought, Resist Pain, Scent of Sight, Summon Talisman,
Weak Arm

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Driving Goal (destroy all Setites.)

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 16,000, Honor 12,500, Wisdom 13,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Stalk the Heart (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this is an
Egyptian wand which will lead the user to the location of a
vampire's heart —whether it is in the vampire's body or placed
elsewhere, such as a Setite's heart. A successful activation roll
must be made. Tanzfit has dedicated this item to herself and
can summon it with her Gift), Sword of the Avenging Son
(Level 5, Gnosis 6; this Egyptian sword is very old. A spirit from
ancient Egypt resides in it, seething with hate for the Followers
of Set who destroyed its homeland. Against Setites, this sword
doubles its damage Dice Pool once activated. This is dedicated
to Tanziit and she can summon it with her Gift).

Image: In Lupus form, Tanzfit isan Ethiopian wolf, lean and
sleek with reddish-fur. In Homid form, she appears as a woman
of Coptic descent with dark hair and complexion. She has
Egyptian hieroglyphs tattooed all over herself; they appear in
all forms. She wears worn-out, loose-fitting clothing.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a very quiet person, for there is
very little that needs saying. When you do speak, it is plain and
straight with no attempt at subtlety. You are on a mission of
vengeance and have little time for anything else.

Background: Tanziit is the leader of her own Warg. She
came to South America in search of her enemies: the Followers
of Set. After a batrle in Medein nearly killed her, she fled to the
jungles of the Amazon and discovered the war. She quickly
joined up for the fight, rising quickly in the ranks.

The war is only a temporary distraction for her. She realizes
the need to aid Gaia, but her seething hate for the Followers of
Set may drive her to leave soon. Hunting down the vampires
whodrove her tribe from their homeland ages ago is her driving
goal.

The secret behind Tanziit's hate is arcane. She is possessed
by an ancestor who died under the fangs of a Setite. The past
lives of a Strider's ancestors are normally closed to their
experience, but Tanziit is different from the rest of her tribe.
She wears this wondrous ability as a curse. Why she alone
among her tribe has this ability to call her ancestors is a
mystery, but the dead have seized the opportunity and use her
as a tool for vengeance.

Rage Across the Amazon


Ee IE Se FE ee

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Camp: Judges of Doom

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3, Enigmas 2,
Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2 (local enemies of Golgol), Past

Life 1, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: Smell of Man, Truth of Gaia, Fatal Flaw, Resist Pain,
Clap of Thunder, Weak Arm, Icy Chill of Despair

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Driving Goal (must "purify" world)

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 20,000, Honor 7,000, Wisdom 15,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Voice of the Jackal

Fetishes: Silver Scimitar, Scar Fetish Armor (Level 3,
Gnosis 5; this is a small tattoo of a shield. It acts as magical
protection for Sherrick's whole body, providing two dice of
armor).

Image: Sherrick is of British and Turkish descent. He is a
dark man with black hair, black eyes and a fierce scowl. In
Lupus form, he is a black furred wolf. He stands about six feet
tall and is of medium build. His hair is braided into three pony-
tails, which hang well-below his shoulders.

Roleplaying Notes: You are not a happy person. The world
is in deep trouble and others just haven't realized that the fun's
over. Only through discipline and asceticism can the world be
purified. All this joy clouds the issue. Damn those Children of
Gaia, they always get in the way. Golgol will fall soon, and

you'll be ready to push your agenda to the Shadow Lord who
succeeds him.

Background: Sherrick grew up in aslum of London, the son
of a poor British man and a Turkish immigrant. He hated his
mixed blood. The children ridiculed him about it at school,
especially Elmo Hubble and his gang. He got into many fights,
and his irrational anger became legendary to all the school
children.

When Sherrick underwent his first Change, it was revolu-
tionary. He now had a form with which his anger could be
delivered. He broke into Elmo Hubble's house that night and
tore him to pieces as Elmo's parents watched and screamed.
Then he was grabbed from behind and thrown from the house.
Surrounded by growling and snarling wolves, he ran, but they
nipped at his heels no matter how fast he went. He was lost,
running through the woods.

The Shadow Lords caught him and taught him a lesson in
obedience. Although the scars would last him a lifetime, the
discipline fulfilled a long-suppressed desire. He felt a sense of
belonging. As a homid, he had loathed his "mixed breeding",
but as a Garou, his blood was strong. Sherrick was a pure bred
Shadow Lord and fit well into their primitive hierarchy.

The Judges of Doom came to him much later, impressed
with his ethics and discipline. He went through a rigorous and
harrowing initiation, but was soon a member of that feared
camp. Few in the Amazon know of his affiliation. He keeps it
quiet, for he knows the Judges have a bad reputation among
foolish Garou.

For now, he leads his pack of Shadow Lords, the "Gaunt
Dogs," and instills in them terrifying standards of duty and
obedience.

Leaders of the South Ward

The South Ward is the battle force located south of the
Amazon river. They are headquartered at the Sky River Caern.
They experience much fighting with the Black Spiral Dancers
of the Hell's Hand Hive.

The two Moons of this Ward are the "Red Sky" Moon and
the "Dread Claw" Moon.

(Dag Hateful Hand, War Chieltain

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 3, Law 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Past Life 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Inspiration, Razor Claws, Resist Pain,
Snarl of the Predator, Staredown, True Fear, Disquiet, Heart
of Fury, Might of Thor, Clenched Jaw

Chapter Three: People 45


Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Merits/Flaws: Huge Size (one extra Health Level)
Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 40,000, Honor 23,000, Wisdom 32,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Rager (see Players Guide); Great Klaive

Image: Standing nearly ten feet tall in Crinos form, Dag is
an intimidating sight to his opponents and most of his allies.
His fur is a deep, rusty brown with aubum highlights. His eyes
are steel gray and maintain their passion and fury even in
Homid form. Dag's body is mostly covered with tattoos, serving
as reminders of his adventures and travels. When in Homid
form, Dag is completely bald.

Roleplaying Notes: Dag is a very quiet person, preferring
not to speak unless absolutely necessary and then using as few
words as possible. He is quick to anger, reacting to ignorance
and disrespectful behavior with a sudden fury. When in a
conversation, Dag will never break eye contact. If the person
he is conversing with averts his glance, Dag will quickly point
out an inherent weakness of that person. ;

Background: Dag Hateful Hand is the Get of Fenris War
Chieftain of the South Ward and a very quiet person. Born in
Germany in the 1950s, Dag has spent his life since his first
Change traveling the world in search of martial adventure. He
is a born leader, never following anything but the ways of the
Garou. As a long time friend and fellow warrior to Golgol
Fangs-First, he was chosen by his friend to lead the South Ward
early on in the war. In the beginning, he accepted this position
more for the adventure than the ideals of the conflict, but has
since become a stalwart champion of the Amazon War. He
leads the South Ward with quiet glares and an iron fist. None
dare to cross him, fearing his legendary battle skills.

Dag has fought as a mercenary in many campaigns around
the world and is a fitting leader for the South Ward. The
discipline he maintains with his underlings, however harsh it

may be, not only strengthens the pack units, but also teaches
the warriors necessary survival skills.

Jurgen Kreig, Battle Master

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Leadership 2, Survival 2,
Politics 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2 (other Battle Masters)

Gifts: Smell of Man, Razor Claws, The Falling Touch, Jam
Technology, Staredown, Halt the Coward's Flight, Heart of
Fury, Venom Blood

Rage 6, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: none

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 21,000, Honor 18,000, Wisdom 11,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Wounding, Rite of
Passage, Stone of Scorn

Fetishes: Gaia's Poultice, Heart of the Spirit (as a Scar
Fetish; 3 points of Willpower), Small Klaive

Image: Jurgen is an old-battle-scarred hulk. He is a wide
man, broad-shouldered and broad-chested. He has a continual
scowl on his face, heightened by the scar running down from
the left side of his mouth and has glory pictograms carved into
his arm.

Roleplaying Notes: You are gruff, surly and cantankerous
— everything a Battle Master must be to ensure his Wargs'
survival. Yeah, renown is important to you, but even more
important is getting the job done. If any under your command

\ —o—

. .
> wae
™~

46 Rage Across the Amazon


goout of their way for glory, knock them around some. They're
here to fight under your orders. If they get glory along the way,
~ fine, but orders come first.

t Background: Jurgen was one of the second pack of Fenris to
' arrive in the Amazon. He has been here for some time and
y doesn't plan on leaving anytime soon. This is the most impor-
+ tantplace in the world, the true battleground of the Apocalypse.
. Everything else pales in comparison.

f Hehasbeen here too long to care much for renown, having
; seen too much to be fazed by anything these days. Just doing
- one's job is the most important thing to him now.

It's his personal duty to see that the new cubs put under his
: command survive, at least until they get promoted to another
' Battle Master's charge. He will go well out of his way to make
F. sure they live, but will not coddle them in any way.

Crick Rumwrangler, Battle Master

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Bone Gnawer
| Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
| Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 5
Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 2,
:. Expression 2, Primal-Unge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Ani-
- mal Ken 2, Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 1, Leadership 1, Repair 2,
' Computer 2, Enigmas 1, Politics 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2 (pack of dogs)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Cooking, Scent of the True
Form, Call to Duty, Gift of the Termite

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Luck

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 20,000, Honor 20,000, Wisdom 30,000
Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Blanket of Peaceful Dreams, Friendship Ring,
Bouncing Rock (with sling)

Image: Crick isa lanky wolf with mottled dark spots over his
fur; giving him the look of an ugly mongrel. He keeps his fur
trim, and is well-groomed in Homid form. He feels he has to
keep up appearances so others will like him. As a human, he is
half-Caucasian and half-Spanish, a meztico. He stands five feet
tall and weighs about 115 pounds. He appears to be in his
thirties.

Roleplaying Notes: Take things easy and slow. Rushing
things never got anyone anywhere except into trouble. Smile
and nod a lot when your superiors talk to you. Be friendly with
those under you. Younever know when they'll be goin' up the
ladder and you'll be goin' down.

Background: Crick is one of the few Bone Gnawers in the
Amazon and not widely respected because of it. He commands
his unit with a sense of caution because he always seems to be
the object of criticism from somewhere, either from the War
Council or from his peers. He is cleaner than most of his tribe,
due in part to his need to impress those in the chain of
command. .

Crick isa quiet type but will not allow himself to be if pushed
too far. When this happens, his competency as a warrior
becomes obvious. He also listens to the needs of those who
serve under him and tries his best to meet ther ifat all possible.

He is in charge of the Warg which defends the Sky River
Caer.

Roshen One-Arm, Pack Leader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Silver Fang

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Performance 2, Medi-
cine 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Allies 2 (other packs in the
Warg)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Scent of Running Water, Lam-
bent Flame, Awe, Jam Technology

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Merits/Flaws: One Arm, Metamorph

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 10,000, Honor 8,000, Wisdom 4,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Severed Arm (Level: special, Gnosis 7; this is
Roshen's old arm, turned into a fetish. It is a Crinos form arm
that Roshen uses as a club. It delivers Strength + 2 aggravated
damage when it hits).

Image: A scraggly guy of about twenty years. He is 5'2" and
weighs 120 pounds. He has a nutty looking smile and likes to
walk waving his severed arm.

Chapter Three: People 47


\

NSF
Sef

Roleplaying Notes: Pretend you're crazy. You get a lot of
attention that way and your enemies fear you. You know it's
just a put on, as does your pack, who plays along with you.

Background: Roshen One-Arm lost his arm in battle some
years ago. The arm, severed while he was in Crinos form, was
preserved and made into a fetish. Now, Roshen uses it as aclub
in battle, wielding the tattooed limb with no mercy against his
enemies. Each member of his pack has a severed arm tattooed
across his chest to show his membership in the Pack of the
Severed Arm.

Roshen is considered to be somewhat nuts by most people,
but he's just a Ragabash through and through. He came to the
Amazon from California, where he is a member in a Napa
Valley sept of Silver Fangs.

Freebooters

Members of this Black Furies camp were among the first to
arrive in the Amazon when the war began. They have main-
tained aconstant involvement since that time. This particular
pack is comprised of Black Furies from the African Congo,
although there are several members of other tribes who aid
them. They have been given housing in the Hollow Heart
Caern, which they use as a base camp for their expeditions.

They can often be encountered in the field, searching for
lost caerns or fetishes.

Joba Fareye

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Furies

Camp: Freebooters

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 5, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Archery 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1,
Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 1, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2,

Firearms 4, Melee 2, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics 2 (Yanomami, Portuguese), Occult 2, Rituals 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2

Gifts: Create Element, Sense Wyrm, Heightened Senses,
Burrow, Sight From Beyond

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4

Merits/Flaws: Daredevil

Metis Disfigurement: Fragile Claws

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 10,000, Honor 7,000, Wisdom 4,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Unveiled Glen

Fetishes: Bane Arrows (quiver of 20), Bane Skin, Small
Klaive :

Image: In Homid form, Ioba is a thin black woman about
5'3" in height. In Lupus form, she is a thin black wolf. In her
natural Crinos form, she stands nine feet tall with black fur.
She wears gloves in all forms to protect her claws, for it hurts
touse her fragile natural weaponry. She appears to be in her late
teens.

Roleplaying Notes: Always be on the lookout for danger
and adventure. You are a wide-eyed girl, always ready for
excitement. Laugh a lot when you talk.

Background: Ioba arrived in the Amazon two months ago,
joining her pack at the Hollow Heart Caern. She had already
learned two of the local languages and was ready for explora-
tion. She is angry and disappointed to discover the rules down
here. Golgol, for instance, will only allow her pack to leave the
camp when he thinks it is safe. She has yet to get into the deep
jungle. It is her dream to discover a lost city of the Incas or an
older caetn of some sort.

She is almost to the point of forging ahead without her pack,
tired of waiting for them. Ifany packs are heading into the deep
jungle, she will try to join them, bribing them with promises of
great treasures which she claims only she can find.

48 Rage Across the Amazon


The Ghost Raptor Pack

Hidden in a secret, dark recess of the jungle rumored to be
an abandoned Bastet domain, a pack of Garou follow the
Ahroun known only as "White Father." These 12 Garou of
mixed breeds and tribes, and the Kinfolk who have come to
follow them, are warriors par excellance.

The Ghost Raptors are a group of Theurges, Ragabash, and
Ahrouns who follow Uktena as their pack totem and were
among the first packs to arrive in the Amazon. They were
assigned a command of their own, an elite unit with orders to
wreak havoc behind enemy lines as much as possible. They
went into the bush and have subsequently ignored all calls for
them to return. .

The Ghost Raptor pack would be an incredible ally to the
main force of Garou in the Amazon War. Golgol and the War
Council, however, have declared them "rogue." They are due
for judgment. Only the continuing conflict keeps the War
Council from calling a hunt and performing various punish-
ment Rites on them once they are captured.

The identity of "White Father" is not known, but the Ghost
Raptors serve him as they would serve a god: living, fighting,
and even dying at his command. Some of the information on
White Father seems to point to the idea that one of the Garou
in the Raptors has become infected with a Bane and now seeks
toset himself up asa deity to be worshipped by the other Garou.

The Raptors keep their home asecret, although rumors that

they have supply caches all over the Amazon are probably true..

No one is quite sure how the Ghost Raptors stand in the
War. They are certainly an effective fighting force, however.
The Raptors are prone to appear out of the mists without
warning, striking hard before retreating. They will leave no
sign of their ever having been there. The only evidence of their
actions will be the corpses that litter the ground. They are often
sighted in battles near the Balam's Den Realms. Lately they
have begun the disturbing practice of breaking up Moot Rites
by disrupting the proceedings with distracting, but harmless,
explosions. Figures dart through the Moot and disappear into
the shadows. A group of Ghost Raptors broke into one of the
fetish storehouses last month and burned every last fetish to
ashes with an as-yet-unidentified Gift. Why they would attack
their own kind in this fashion is beyond the War Council.
Golgol is growing impatient with the need to deal with the
Raptors once and for all.

Many tales whisper of their powers and legendary adven-
tures. Some say they have befriended the Bastet and can
traverse their domains with impunity. Some also say that they
have befriended the Incarna Panthesilea, the warrior-spirit of
the Amazon, and serve her as well as Uktena. This might
explain why they brand their flesh with the symbol of the
labrys, a double-headed axe. Furthermore, it is whispered that
they have personally been responsible for the destruction of
several Pentex outposts and the elimination of a few pieces of
heavy machinery. They have also stolen two Bell jet helicop-
ters from Pentex.

The werecats refuse to tell the Garou anything about the
Raptors, saying that they are noble and good warriors, if
nothing else. The Mokolé are also close-mouthed about them.
Golgol believes that the Raptors have made allies of these two
groups, and feels that they may be working for their interests in
some way.

They are considered loose cannons and not a few raids on
Pentex have gone awry because of their untimely appearance.
Golgol would like to have these crack warriors under his
command. Failing that, he would rather have them punished
and perhaps even killed if necessary. Now that they have begun
to interfere with the Garou presence in the Amazon directly,
Golgol feels that he might soon have to divert necessary war
resources to hunting these rogues down and dealing with them.

Background

The Ghost Raptors have a compound in the deep jungle
that is an abandoned Den-Realm. They have several weapons
and supply caches throughout the Amazon Basin and have
scouts who keep a watch on Pentex's every move. They donot
serve Gaia in this matter, however. They have been contacted
by Panthesilea through their leader, White Father, a Theurge
accustomed to being possessed by that spirit regularly.

Panthesilea is an incredible warrior in her own right and has
been responsible for the reasoned, regular fashion with which
her Garou conduct themselves. She has become alarmed at the
number of fetishes, talens and spirit thralls that the Garou have
been making in the Amazon. Her Pack has been directed to go
forth and prevent further destruction of the spiritual environ-
ment. White Father also directs the Ghost Raptors to help any
Garou they can without revealing themselves too much or
revealing the secret location of their home domain.

Through Panthesilea's blessing, the Raptors enjoy very
good relations with the indigenous people and the indigenous
weres. This is the secret of their success. Local workers provide
them with detailed knowledge of the layout of the Pentex
facilities, allowing them to move in a small force and get the
most out of their manpower. Because they have limited
resources as a group, the Ghost Raptors have had to lear to
make the most of what supplies and equipment they have, in
addition to "acquiring" from Pentex exactly what they need.
While one of the helicopters they have stolen has been
reduced to a rusted hulk by the humidity and poor conditions
of the jungle, the other one still functions. A Glass Walker
mechanic has imbued the helicopter with an Owl totem spirit
and the group uses it for night raids. A side effect of this is that
the helicopter is completely silent in operation and is easily
navigated in the dark. Unfortunately, they cannot get the
helicopter tostart during the day. The Owl is anocturnal spirit.

The chief problem the Ghost Raptors face is that their
leader, White Father, has been exposed to too much toxic

waste and radiation. He will soon die. There is noclearsecond-_

in-command within the Pack. The Ghost Raptors face
extinction if they cannot decide among themselves who will
command this elite corps. The most prominent contenders for
the position of leader are a Shadow Lord Ragabash named

Chapter Three: People 49

i

AN

Orson Bladewalker, a Silver Fang Ahroun named Uthor
Bitesilver, and a Black Fury Theurge named Dione
Shadowbreeze.

Lately, the Uktena pack totem has been warning them that
the Wyrm seeks to infiltrate them. This has made the Raptors
very uneasy. They will often cause a delay a few minutes before
helping anyone (including player characters) while a pack
member scans them with Sense the Unnatural orat least Sense
Wyrm. They will still be very distrustful of any Garou since
they are technically outlaws and wanted for punishment.

Chunder Tiger

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Stargazers

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness (ambushes) 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge (bodyguard) 4, Expression 1, Empathy 3, Intimidation 1,
Primal-Urge (tracking prey) 4, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 1, Melee 1, Leadership 2, Stealth 3, Survival (jungle) 4,
Kailindo (Leaping Kick) 4, Enigmas 1, Medicine 3, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Familiar Spirit 4 (East Wind; gives +2 Dodge),
Past Lives 1, Pack Totem 2
_ Gifts: Balance, Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Inner
Strength, Leap of the Kangaroo, Sense the Unnatural, Silver
Claws, Whispering Wind, Shriek (Level Two Bastet Gift),

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 25,000, Honor 9,500, Wisdom 7,500

Fetishes: Tiger-Scar (Level 2, Gnosis 5; a gift from
Panthesilea, this is a mark of great pride and respect. Thunder
Tiger is at -2 to any Social roll difficulty with the Bastet)

Image: In Lupus form, Thunder Tiger is a gray wolf with
yellow eyes. He hasa large scar-like marking on his flank in the

(iy
|

"

|

ai
Us

AN

S

N

YF

SS

LLL.

N

LZ

50

shape of a leaping tiger. In Homid form, the tiger-scar trans-
forms to a tiger tattoo marking him as a member of the East
Wind school of Kailindo. He dresses in the battered fatigues
the Ghost Raptors ordinarily wear.

Roleplaying Notes: Thunder Tiger usually grunts replies to
all questions asked of him and uses the least number of words
necessary. He continually watches all those around him, even
when not on duty.

Background: Thunder Tiger was born in the Pacific North-
west and went through the First Change alone in the wilderness.
His cries of anguish attracted a Theurge Stargazer named
Windsinger. Windsinger took the young pup to a mountain.
hideaway and befriended him. He was taught how to wear the
Homid shape comfortably, and eventually began to train
Thunder Tiger for the destiny that Windsinger had seen for
him in a precognitive vision.

Thunder Tiger received his name from his Kailindo tutor,
Sharpened Breeze. Because of Tiger's natural instincts and his
fluid dexterity, he was a perfect study for the disciplines of
Kailindo. The warrior was able to channel his Rage well and

- could "concentrate in the now-time of eternal vigilance."

When Windsinger's pack, the Ghost Raptors, decided to
travel to the Amazon, Thunder Tiger asked to be one of the
Raptors and was willingly accepted. He grew in rank with the
pack as they began their tour of duty in the Amazon, soon
becoming one.of the chief bodyguards of White Father.

When the pack first met the Bastet, he quickly bested their
champion. Windsinger was accorded the honor of being Chief
Guardian of White Father and elevated in rank. His van-
quished foe taught him one of her ancient Gift-secrets, the
werejaguar's Shriek.

Thunder Tiger is perhaps too devoted to his position as a
bodyguard. He will quite literally do anything to protect White
Father from harm. He will challenge anyone to defend White
Father's honor. It is this foolhardy fanaticism which gets
Thunder Tiger into trouble, but it is also this loyalty which has
brought him so far so quickly in the pack's hierarchy. None
among the Ghost Raptors will challenge him, although he
rarely asserts his own dominance.

Thunder Tiger is a potent warrior, and his level of expertise
is commensurate with the Ghost Raptors pack. They are an
elite fighting force, and there is no room for the weak amongst
them.

Native Uktena
Most of the few native Uktena live at the Caern of Rain
Spirits. In all the Amazon, there are only six natives left. There

were not many to begin with and most have been killed in the
war.

Rage Across the Amazon


Jubati

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Uktena

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 4, Stealth 3, Survival 5,
Enigmas 3, Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Balam and Mokolé), Mentor 4
(native elder) ;

Gifts: Smell of Man, Blur of the Milky Eye, Shroud, Spirit
of the Fish, Alter Scent

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 5

Merits/Flaws: Phobia (Mild): Heavy Machinery

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 6,000, Honor 13,000, Wisdom 8,000

Rites: Questing Stone, Talisman Dedication, RiteofCleans-
ing, Rite of Binding, Rite of Sprit Awakening, Ritual of
Summoning

Fetishes: Tsansti's Blowgun (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this 10 foot
long blowgun once belonged to a local Uktena hero. It has
some magical abilities associated with it: arange of 40 yards and
adamage Pool of 5 dice, used for penetrating armor only. Jubati
has 15 darts); Curare (see Drugs and Poisons, in Appendix One;
there is enough of this poison for 10 blowdarts); Ayahuasca
(see Drugs and Poisons, in Appendix One; one gourd full of the
mystical drug) .

Image: In Homid form, Jubati is a Native Indian of the
Yanomami tribe. He is 4'7" and weighs 100 pounds. His body
is painted with many of the war and beauty marks of his tribe.
In Lupus, he is a sleek wolf with reddish fur.

Roleplaying Notes: You used to smile a lot, for you were
happy. Now the world is dying and you are very sad. Your
friends worry about you, warning you to "not let Harano take
you." You cannot stop worrying. Let Harano come.

Background: Jubatf lived in the first village that Pentex
took over when they entered the jungle, the very place where
the Black Frost pack died. He had fled when the machines first
came. They scared him like nothing he had ever seen. When
he returned and discovered the machines living in his village,
he went to visit Atahualpa, his Bastet friend who lived in her
realm near the village, and was horrified to discover what she
had become. He barely escaped her trap and fled to the Caern
of Rain Spirits, where the rest of his tribe lived.

Since the outsider Garou have come, he has felt a little
better. They worry him with their strange and destructive
ways, but they are here to help, aren't they? More than
anything, though, he cannot help but dwell on the loss of his
home and his Bastet friend. Ifhe is given the chance tosave her,
he would take it.

Pentex

Pack your bags full of guns and ammunition

Bills fall due for the industrial revolution

Scorch the earth till the Earth surrenders.

~—- Midnight Oil, "Mountains of Burma"

Pentex does not advertise its activities in the Amazon. Ithas
hidden its own existence in the jungle by staging its operations
through various companies. Their main company in the region
is known as the Developers Forestry Group. Despite the name,
this company specializes in clearcutting large areas. Ostensi-
bly, it is a conglomeration of manufacturers, each specializing
in a line of forest management equipment. Bulldozers, chain.
saws, and even defoliant chemicals are all marketed. In actu-
ality, it isa Pentex holding company, an excuse to pull all their
deforestation schemes into one corporate entity.

The DFG won the major bidding from the Brazilian govern-
ment to clearcut Amazon Basin forests for cattle farming. The
meat from the cattle is sold to fast food restaurants all over the
world (and a large percentage going to O'Tolley's).

DFG was Elliot Meiche's brain child. In his international
efforts to deforest the world, the Amazon would have been his
majoraccomplishment. DFG'sactivities weren'tsecret enough.
The Garou found out. Since the war has broken out, Meiche
has been pulled out of DFG management and Robert Allred
has been given the task of directing the war effort from afar.
DFG is now, more than anything else, a front for Pentex's First
Teams.

Pentex South American Headquarters is located in Rio de
Janeiro. From there, finances and construction were overseen
for the manufacture of the DFG Headquarters near Manaus.
DFG also maintainsstorage facilitiesand warehouses in Manaus'
port.

Among the other companies Pentex operates in the region
is Harold & Harold Mining, Inc. This international mining

Chapter Three: People 51


Pentex Organization
¢ Basic unit: the First Team (commanded by a Ser-
geant). Avg. 5
Types of Teams: Assault, Ranger, Support
¢ A Platoon (commanded by a Lieutenant). Avg. 20
Consists of four First Teams, usually including two
Assault and one Ranger. HQ platoons have one Assault
and two Support.
¢ A Company (commanded by a Captain). Avg. 80
Consists of four platoons.
¢ A Battalion (commanded by a Colonel). Avg. 160
Consists of an HQ and 2 companies

company is tearing apart the Andes in search of precious
metals and gems. They are aided in their efforts by burrowing
Black Spiral Dancers. The war has caused Pentex to place a
platoon of First Teams near their Andean operations to protect
them from Garou assaults.

Magadon, Inc. has a laboratory in the Amazon. Their
official story is that they are researching the rare plant life of the
Amazon and searching for cures to humankind's deadliest
diseases. They are actually digging up the plants to discover
deadly new toxins and addictive drugs. Their laboratory is also
guarded by First Teams.

Rainbow, Inc. is also involved in the Amazon, although
they are now headquartered in Rio. They no longer own a
factory in the region. Instead, individual natives spend the year
collecting rubber from the trees, rolling them into large balls,
taking them down river to Manaus and selling them to
Rainbow. The company's main efforts are currently in Indone-
sia, although the company began when Pentex bought out the
holdings of a Manaus rubber baron.

Promotion

Besides the normal promises of power and revenge on their
enemies, one thing drives the First Teams of the Amazon: the
chance of promotion. Promotion allows a First Teamer not
only the chance to boss around those of lesser rank, but also a
two-week vacation in Rio. The chance to get away from the
war for even two weeks has First Teamers fighting among
themselves for that valued promotion.

Three things are judged when considering a soldier for
promotion: kills, cunning and corruption. The number of kills
they have to their name is very important. They prove the
valor of the First Teamer, or at least his sheer insanity. Garou
kills are valued highly. Cunning is another trait which is well
rewarded, although harder to judge. Those First Teamers who
have devised unique or ingenious methods of ambushing or
fooling the Garou are considered to have meritorious cunning.
Finally, corruption is considered, The amount of damage a First
Teamer has done to the rain forest is tallied and rewards are
given for extreme destruction, especially if toxic waste was
involved.

Promotion is measured in military ranks: private, corporal,
sergeant, and so on. The highest promotion is from major to
executive. The soldier has effectively been given an executive
position with the company, a cushy office job with high salary
and retirement plan. This is the dream of most fomori. Few
achieve it. The carrot is dangled before the soldier's nose. The
Pentex executives do not like giving office jobs to uncouth

Barnaby Shadrack, Chief

Regional Officer ("Crow")

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 5,
Subterfuge 5, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Leadership 5,
Computer 3, Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics (Spanish,
Portuguese) 2, Occult 1, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Mentor 4 (Robert Allred),
Contacts 5, Allies 5

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage Across the Amazon


Rage 0, Gnosis 1, Willpower 10

Equipment: Mini-Uzi submachine gun with three clips of
silver bullets.

Image: A tall, thin, clean shaven man with perfectly
groomed black hair. His eyes are steel-gray and his glare is
intense. He never blinks when talking to others. Never. He
wears a fine suit, whatever is in fashion at the moment, and has
a Rolex. He always has a briefcase with him and hides an Uzi
inside it.

Roleplaying Notes: You wonder why other people have a
hard time keeping their cool. You have no trouble whatsoever
in keeping your emotions bottled up. You know that to show
any kind of emotion — other than what you want to show, of
course — is the ultimate sign of weakness."

Background: Joseph Sheldan was one of the most feared
corporate raiders on Wall Street before he took a high-
powered job with Endron Oil. The tragic accident that took his
life on a deep-sea derrick was well-publicized. Thus, Joseph was
put to rest and Barnaby was born, a whole new identity for the
hot-shot Pentex executive. Joseph... er, Barnaby, didn't care if
his public life was gone. The raw power of his new position was
enough to occupy him.

When his good friend and mentor, Robert Allred, moved
him down to the Amazon to clean up one of Elliot Meiche's
mistakes, he knew he was on a stepping stone to the Board.
Barnaby knows his job and his future is riding on his perfor-
mance here, so he's not about to let a bunch of furry animals on
two legs get in the way. No, the Garou will simply have to step
aside for his interests. Of course, Barnaby knew they wouldn't,
and that just gave him a chance to show a good kill ratio to his
superiors. Why the ratio isn't as good as expected is beginning
to trouble him.

Regional Board

Catherine Snodgrass: Catherine (Ms. Snodgrass to you)
has never taken any **** from anyone. She was practically
born to her present job. Quick and decisive decisions are her
forte. She had been the president of a shipping company, and
when the company was bought out by Pentex Inc., she decided
not to take her lay-off sitting down. She marched into the
Headquarters and demanded to see "who's in charge." The
security guard smiled and led the way. All those stairs down
were odd (the basement was deep...) She figured the top man
was down here looking over the operations. The guard assured
her that it was but a minor malfunction when the lights went
out, and he turned on his flashlight for her. Then she heard the
growling, like a mad dog waiting in the darkness. She knew
she'd been fooled, but she didn't run. She charged. She
knocked the guard over and into something moving. He
screamed as he was tom to pieces. Again, she didn't run.
Instead, she leaped onto the beast and fought it to the ground.
Those years of self-defense training came in handy, and her
attitude gave her an edge. The monster didn't stand a chance.

Finally, the beast quit struggling. She could hear him talking
as his voice was muffled in the floor: "C'mon, lady, get offa me."
She jumped off in surprise. There was now just a man there, a
rather hairy guy. He walked her back upstairs, explaining that
he was a werewolf and that he liked her style. Soon she was
recommended for a position in Pentex by a Black Spiral
Dancer.

Over the next five years, she rose in the ranks and was finally
granted a high-level position in the Rio office. The waractually
thrills her, and she is convinced Pentex will win here easily.
Catherine tends to dominate the board meetings.

Robert C. Barnacre: Robert, while no stranger to the
corporate world, is still a little unsure of his present employers.
They are all awfully odd, what with some changing into wolves
while others routinely leak pus from their joints. It's enough to
give most people a nervous breakdown. Robert is too profes-
sional for that. He does his job and does it well. That's why he's
where he is today in a top-level executive position. Sure, he
knows that just about everything his company does is illegal,
but he also knows all the ways around that. Hell, doesn't every
company bend the rules a little?

What Robert hasn't realized is that the company is annoyed
with him for not doing more to fit in. Robert has been singled
out for some mysterious purpose by Lethargg, the Urge of
Apathy. No one dares disturb him.

Bethany Kiker: Bethany is the spoiled daughter of James
Kiker, member of the Pentex Board of Directors. She knows
nothing about being an executive and doesn't care. She
demanded that daddy get her a job in Rio, and so he did. She
comes to all the board meetings but doesn't really listen to
what's going on there. She's too busy thinking about shopping.
She's well aware of the disgusting monsters who work for
"daddy's company," but she's seen them in the movies before,
so they must be real. She's sure every company has secret
monsters working for them.

Chapter Three: People 53


Salazar Eustis: Salazar used to be a standup comedian, but
he was a miserable failure. He just wasn't funny. Because of his
addiction to gambling, he owed a lot of people a lot of money,
and they wanted it right away. Salazar fled to South America
and eventually became a foreman at Harold & Harold Mining
Company's operation in the Andes. He got quite a reputation
as a cruel taskmaster. Then one day, he got drunk and wan-
dered into the minesat night. He had never met the mysterious
night shift who did a hell ofa lot of digging at night. He thought
he'd just go say "hi" to them. They weren't pleased to see him.

The only thing that saved Salazar from death at the claws of
the Black Spirals was his bad jokes. As they toyed with him,
cutting him a little here and there, he went a bit nuts and
started spouting his club act. In minutes, he had the Black
Spirals rolling in the dirt, clutching their stomachs and almost
choking on their own laughter.

This debacle quickly brought him to the attention of Robert
Allred. Allred, always on the lookout for someone who could
control the mad Garou, promoted Salazar to the Regional
Board ona lark. Salazar has done surprisingly well, and anytime
another board member threatens to screw him over, he invites
his Black Spiral buddies to the boardroom for a few laughs. The
board members shut up awful quick.

Dean Herburger: Dean was the premiere salesman for a
high-priced L.A. advertising firm until he went to that weird
party and took those strange drugs. The next thing he knew, he
was ina state hospital with the blood of 10 people on his hands.
He was going to fry in the chair as soon as the doctors declared

him "sane." But Herburger was considered a valuable asset to
Pentex, so the underpaid doctors were given handsome sums
to lock Herburger up in a maximum security loony bin for life.
Of course, Herberger is not in his cell, he's now in Rio sitting
on the Regional Board. He'sstill gota very good feel for selling,
too. He can easily convince the other board members to see his
way on most things... except when he has those flashbacks...

Deborah Garcia: Deborah ran away from home at 16 and
came to Rio. It was such a beautiful city and her life was
wondrous fora time. Jt was all one big party until the one night
she got drunk in the wrong part of town. Her date dumped her
near the poor shantytowns. She was a bit scared, for she had
never seen this side of Rio. Poor people stared out of tin shacks
at her as she stumbled past. But nothing could happen to her
— this was still Rio, right?

The Seeder Bane hunting in the shantytown came across
her and knew it had found a prize. She was dragged screaming
into the Umbra and experienced the torture of a new birth —
as a fomor. When the Bane spat her back into the physical
world, she was crazed and enraged. By the time the Pentex First
Team finally arrived to retrieve her, she had killed eight
children. They took her back to Pentex Headquarters and
trained her in her new role as a fomor. She exhibited amazing
command abilities akin to the vampires' domination powers.

She rose in. the ranks quickly, and Pentex discovered that
her powers of command could come in handy in an executive

Rage Across the Amazon

‘ccwtt an thactalndte

position, so she was promoted to the Regional Board. In times
of stress, she reverts back to the personality ofa 16 year old girl.

Samuel Jehosaphat Linedecker: Samuel began his career
at Pentex as nothing more than a janitor. Responding to a
temp assignment, he arrived at the Toronto HQ and was given
the task of waxing the basement laboratory floors. Pentex was
careless. Samuel did not have a security clearance for that
level. The guards let him in, simply assuming that he was
cleared. The Banes don't assume anything. Samuel was discov-
ered by the guards later. They tried everything, but even
high-powered stomach pumps could not get that "thing" out of
him.

The horrible "thing", ChemBatch #373 to be exact, got to
be good friends with its new host. It told its host many
things.. special things...secret things about the Toronto ex-
ecutives. Samuel was not above bribery, and soon he had
landed a cushy job as an executive on a regional board— in
Rio! Finally, a vacation.

They hadn'ttold him about the war and the danger of Garou
guerrilla attacks. ChemBatch #373 knows nothing about
being an executive, so Samuel has to pretend that he knows
what he's doing most of the time. He hopes the others don't
catch on.

Elap Vliw, "Misses-Reveille', First Team
Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
» Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
; Wits 4

: Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
| Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
; Survival 2, Enigmas 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4 (Hell's Hand Hive), Past Life 3
Gifts: Smell of Man, Call of the Wyld, Shroud, Staredown,
F Ears of the Bat, Foaming Fury

| Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Merits/Flaws: Dark Secret (see below)

Rank: 3

Renown: Power 15,000, Cunning 11,000, Infamy 25,000
Rites: none

Fetishes: The Black Pistol (Level 6, Gnosis 8; this is a
: standard issue, old US army .45 Colt automatic, painted black.
; It takes normal load ammunition, but...does things to these
| bullets. Once a bullet passes down the barrel of this baby, it
won't stop going until it tastes blood. All attack and damage
. Dice Pools are normal, but the bullet will keep flying around its
target until it hits or is destroyed. The owner of this gun.can fire
. his full clip and not hit once. The bullets will keep swarming
: around their target until they hit. Keep making attack rolls for
' each bullet every round until every bullet hits. The bullets can
: be fooled, but exactly how is up to the Storyteller).

Image: In Homid form, Elap is lanky and thin with long red
hair. He has an unnerving smile and glare. There's madness in
those eyes. In Lupus, he is a reddish wolf with the same ill glare.

Roleplaying Notes: You area quiet person. To say anything
may give your secret away. They must not know your secret.
Until it is revealed, be very cagey around snoops and nosy
superiors.

Background: Elap had his first Change at the age of nine.
Before he could tell anyone, the Black Spirals came and
kidnapped him from his parent's Irish farm and took him by
boat to their dread caern in Scotland. Elap remembers very
little of his Rite of Passage and successive life. When he finally
returned to some semblance of sanity, he found that he was an
honored and respected Black Spiral Dancer. He did not know
why. He could remember nothing.

He has pieced together some facts from hearsay. Elap was
privy to some very special lore from the Wyrm itself. No one
knows what this secret is, but they all want to be his friend for
when he reveals it. A lot of young Spirals have kissed up to him
in hopes of his favor. He knows that when they find out he
forgot, they'll tear him to pieces, He hides his ignorance around
others, desperately afraid of what will happen to him.

To get away from prying ears, he joined Pentex for their
Amazon War. This only made things worse. Other Garou
rushed down to the Hell's Hand Hive, sure that the secret
would be revealed in the War. He's trying now to get sent on
a mission to keep him well away from any other Black Spirals.

Pentex HQ Personnel

Charley Riley (Chief Engineer): Riley is an expert engi-
neer, adept at designing functional facilities that maximize the
amount of waste to dump. He is a devout and almost religious
servant of those Maeljin Incarna who regulate the Elemental
Wyrms. He does not know it yet, but he has a horrid disease
which is eating him away from inside. This disease can only be

Chapter Three: People 55


detected on the Umbra, and thus has not been discovered. It
is already too late for a cure, and when Riley finds out about it,
he will probably freak out and attempt to destroy his factory in
vengeance. How could his patrons have allowed this? He does
not realize that this disease is the reward for his loyalty.

Doctor George Bernard (Head Scientist): Director of the
local Project Hiad. Bernard's life's work is to create breeds of
fomori that share the same characteristics from parent to child.
Bernard is jubilant over the war, a perfect chance for him to try
out new fomori breeds. The constant casualties in the war have
caused his superiors to give him carte blanche in his experi-
ments. All the First Teams fear him, living in terror of being
summoned to his labs for "reconfiguring". Bernard is con-
stantly trying to improve on past creations.

He has hordes of Banes to makes deals with. He promises
them a permanent material form in return for allowing him to
alter their natures. He is continually attempting to create the
perfect mix of Wyrm and human.

Bernard's partner, Dr. Elise Bornman, the director of Project
Odyssey, is currently stationed in Rio. From there, she is able
to track potential psychics for recruitment.

Mel Westerburg (Foreman): Mel is a regular kind of guy
except for his Iliad altered muscles which give him the strength
to lift steel girders as if they were paperweights. He is a fair
foreman, but somewhat racist to the local natives who have
been conscripted into service. He does not like it when other
officials give his crew orders and will side with his men over the
"suits" in any dispute. His loyalty to Pentex as a whole,
however, is unquestioned. He believes his retirement plan will
allow him to go to Hollywood with his muscles and become a
star. He does not realize that Pentex will never allow him to
leave the company.

Atahualpa, ‘Blood of the Incas" - Corrupt
Bastet

Tribe: Balam

Breed: Feline

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 2,
Etiquette 1, Stealth 5, Survival 4, Area Knowledge 3, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics (English, native Yanomami) 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pride 3 (corrupt Jaguars), Den Realm 2 (9
square miles, Gauntlet 6)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Catfeet, Eyes of the
Cat, Sense of the Prey, Call the Pride

Fomori Powers: Lashing Tail, Roar of the Wyrm

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Dragon's Ichor (3 applications), Soul Ruby (gives
the following: Science 2, Black Spiral Sign Language 2,
Computer 1)

Image: Atahualpa appears to be a very sick jaguar. Her fur
is falling out in patches and she has an incessant cough. These
are all effectsfrom the Bane which inhabits her body. In Homid
form, she is from an almost extinct Incan. blood line. She
appears as a local native with very pure bred-features and is
twenty five years old. .

Roleplaying Notes: Pace about often. You are a jaguar ina
cage. Your own home has become your hell. That's what you
got for staying to defend it. You now fight the Bane within you
to control your actions. Snarl and growl to the unjust skies.

Background: Atahualpa's Den Realm isin the Umbra right
where Pentex decided to build its headquarters. She tried with
all her might, but couldnotstop them. Her realm isnowahome
to Banes, which have possessed Atahualpa and her pride. She
is desperate for escape, but most days she cannot remember her
real identity and her place in Gaia's plan. The Bane is winning
possession of her.

She knows only one way out now: to attack as many Garou
as she can. Atahualpa hopes they are fierce enough to kill her
and give her peace. The cursed Bane will not allow this. It has
aself-preservation motive and has caused her to ran wounded
from two battles. She is mustering all her will for the next fight
to ensure that she dies on that field.

Che Balam

The werejaguars are usually very individualistic creatures,
staking out their own territories (the Den-Realms) and keep-
ing away unwanted intruders. The war has caused many of
them to come together and formulate a fighting force of their

56 Rage Across the Amazon


own, or at least a method by which they can work together.
Black Claw, one of the highest ranking among them, has been
chosen as their war leader. In his realm four other Balam are
following his lead in the war.

Throughout the whole Amazon Basin there are about 22
Balam, but they are separated from each other and tend to
ignore the war, except where it impinges on their borders.

Black Claw

Tribe: Balam
Breed: Feline
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,

Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 5,'

Wits 4
. Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
; Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 3, Area Knowledge 4, Enigmas 2, Rituals 3
_ Backgrounds: Pride 5 (Jaguars), Kinfolk 2 (Yanomami
: natives), Den Realm 3 (27 square miles, Gauntlet 8)
- Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Eyes
_ ofthe Cat, Eerie Eyes, Call the Pride, Shriek, Trackless Waste,
~ Attunement, Walking Between Worlds, Song of the Great
. Beast (Black Claw can summon a Hoplophoneus, or a saber-
. tooth tiger. This creature is huge and vicious; statsare left to the
,. Storyteller)

Rage 8, Gnosis 3, Willpower 7

Rank: 5 :

Rites: Taghairm Rite, Rite of Fealty, Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Skin of the Toad (Level 4, Gnosis 5; this is the
shedded skin of a giant poisonous toad. Black Claw will pull it
from his pouch, wrap it about his hand over a grass glove, and
| then rake his foe with his other claw. After he has opened a
; wound, he will touch this glove to it, thus introducing the
poison into his foe's body. The victim must make a Stamina roll
-against a difficulty of 8 or lose three Health Levels per touch).

Image: Black Claw is very large and muscular in all forms
from human to jaguar. His Homid form appears to be a
Yanomami and he also wears the garb of this tribe.

Roleplaying Notes: Youare astern cat. Unlike your fellows,
you don't like to play with the others often. You are too angry
and would tear them to pieces. No, you must reserve your rage
for the invaders, both Pentex and Garou. You will not speak to
any werewolves.except a native Garou or an acknowledged
leader of at least pack leader status.

Background: Black Claw has always been a respected cat,
for he stood up against the homids long ago. The rest of the
Balam thought there was little to fear from the apes. Now he
is bitter at the losses in battle. The Balam's overconfidence is
affecting their strategy. Those Balam who have sworn obei-
sance to him through the Rite of Fealty must follow his orders
explicitly or they will be thrown from his realm.

He is enraged at Golgol's arrogance and imperialism. If it
were not for Golgol, in fact, the Garou might have allied with
Black Claw longago. Now they suffer Black Claw's raids, for he

will not rest until all outsiders are thrust from the jungle.

The Mokole

The Mokolé are trying to remain noncombatants in the
war, but encroachment into their nests has caused a few to go
on the rampage. A few First Teams have disappeared in the
jungle, never to be seen again. They are the victims of

‘marauding werecrocodiles and cannot compete against the

Mokolé's superior knowledge of the jungle.

The Mokolé are somewhat confused about the issues: in-
volved in the war. They realize that Pentex is very bad, but all
of them have a deep-seated fear and hatred of the Garou. The
wisest among them, Nyi (see Players Guide), is considering an
alliance with Garou, but is unsure how to approach them. She
is hoping they will approach the Mokolé first.

There are about 33 Mokolé in the entire Amazon Basin,
gathered into seven family groups. Nyi's family resides in
Grrrash tak'nyrrr. It consists of four adults and two new
hatchlings, including the young adult Song-Of-Younger-Days.

Song-OF Vounger-Days

Breed: Suchid

Aspect: The Rising Sun, "Strike"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Mnesis 2, Kinfolk (crocodiles) 2

Gifts: Bellow, Heightened Senses, Razor Claws

Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Willpower 4

Rank: 1

Archid Characteristics: Terrible Claws (on feet), Bipedal
Walking, Great Speed (add five to Dexterity for movement)

Chapter Three: People 57


Special: +1 Initiative

Fetishes: none

Image: In Archid form, Song-Of-Younger-Days appears as
aseven foot tall Velociraptor. In Homid form, he looks like a
Native Indian. In Suchid, he is a normal looking river reptile.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a watchful and quick-witted
guardian of the nest. You don't speak much. Words are not
important to you. You can communicate well enough with a
sharp-toothed grin or a slash of your claws.

Background: Song-Of-Younger-Days is the youngest adult
in his family group at Grrrash tak'nyrrr, but he is certainly the
most energetic. While the rest wish to wallow in the mud, he
wants to hunt. He has already caught many apes wandering too
close to the nest. They were strange apes who stank of
corruption and darkness. They tasted bad.

Nyi has asked Song-Of-Younger-Days not to attack any
Garou who come near incase they want to make friends. Song-
Of-Younger-Days will never disobey Nyi, buthehasneverseen
a Garou before. He understands what a wolf looks like and will
leave them alone; but he will attack any human shape he finds,
even a Garou in Homid form.

Animals

There are many unique animals living in the Amazon Rain
Forest. The sheer amount of diversity in even a small region is
unbelievable. Below are a few animals that can provide a
danger to others. Dice-rolling combat encounters can be built
around these. The Storyteller should also keep in mind that
specific animals might be chosen by the Wyrm to do its
bidding. These infected creatures would have altered or greater
statistics. :

Allanimals have a minimum Survival 2 and Primal-Urge 2.

Anaconda

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2, Perception 2

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3

Attacks: Constriction attack: once a successful overbear
has been done, the Anaconda can squeeze for Str + 2 damage.
Bite: damage is based on Strength.

Health Levels: 0/-2/ -5

These snakes can grow to 25 feet in length. They are not
venomous; they instead constrict their prey, squeezing small
animals and birds to death. They are members of the boa
family, and live either in trees or rivers.

Jaguar

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Perception 2

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Stealth 2

Attacks: Rake: Strength + 2. Bite: Strength +2.

Health Levels: normal

Supreme hunters, jaguars are spotted big cats. They hunt
from trees, which means they drop down on prey in surprise
attacks. While they are residents of the rain forests, jaguars
range as far north as Mexico and even Texas. Many Amazo-
nian jaguars are Kinfolk to the Balam werejaguars.

Crocodiles .

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Perception 1

Abilities: (normal/in water) Athletics 2/3, Brawl 2/3,
Dodge 1/2, Intimidation 4

Attacks: Bite: Strength + 3 (yikes!). Tail thrash: Strength
as damage (difficulty 7).

Health Levels: normal

Armor: One die.

These leftovers from the Cretaceous period are scary look-
ing creatures, but are rather tame unless they are hungry or
threatened. In combat, they are not the sluggish reptiles most
people believe them to be: they are surprisingly fast. Many
Amazonian crocs are Kinfolk to the Mokolé.

Electric Eel

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1, Perception 1

Abilities: Athletics 2, Dodge 3

Health Levels: -2/-3/ -5

Attacks: Electric discharge (600 volts up to 25 yards away;
only in water): roll Stamina + Athletics, difficulty 6. Anyone
in the water must then try to soak the number of successes; if
any damage gets through then the victim takes one point of
aggravated damage, regardless of how much damage actually
got past the soak.

Electric Eels will use their electric discharge to stun prey
while hunting; a Garou may be affected by this accidentally.
Eels can, however, become territorial and feel the need to
defend a particular area.

58 Rage Across the Amazon


The electric eel can be found in still waters in many of the

rivers of the Amazon Basin. It looks like a vertically flat.

combination between a snake and a fish.

Piranha

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1, Perception 1
Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4

Attacks: Bite: Strength +1, but the victim's soak roll
difficulty is raised by one due to the number of bites.

Health Levels: 0/0/ -2/ -3/ -4/ -5

The statistics here are for a swarm of piranha (generally five
to ten; add one dot per ten extra piranha that join the fray).
These vicious fish are attracted by any movement in the water:
a thrashing swimmer will summon swarms of them.

Chapter Three: People 59


Z Hi j
Ht

sah


The Pack

Packs may contain autocrats, petulant individuals, or even
cretins; and the personalities involved may make one pack more
Prussian and austere in its organization than another.

— Barry Lopez, Of Wolves and Men

The player characters, in war or during peacetime, are part
of a pack. Pack cohesion and identity are different in a war.
Warriors are not just a group, they are a rigidly defined military
unit. The pack must be able to function as one. Pack members
must protect and watch out for each other.

Pack dominance roles are intensified, and these roles are
reinforced by harsh penalties for disobedience. Each pack must
have a clearly defined leader whose commands are obeyed
without question during battle. He may be challenged later
back incamp, buton the field, all Garou must fall in line. Doing
otherwise will not only kill the individual, but the pack as well.

The Storyteller should demonstrate the importance of this
by examples of non-player character packs. It's a fine line to
walk: balancing the individuality required for creative
roleplaying with the rigid patterns imposed by dominance law.
This is really no different than roleplaying any other game of
war: soldiers always have commanders who in turn have
commanders above them. Orders will often conflict with the
desires of the heroes, but that's where dramatic conflict lies.

The Amazon War isa fractious war. Warriors are torn between

pack loyalty and the rage of individuality. The drama and

legends of the war are created from this mix of emotions.

Wtulti-Cribal Packs

Multi-tribal packs in the Amazon are not unusual. Most
tribes send their favored packs down to fight, but as pack
members die, they must be replaced by whoever can fill the gap.
Usually, this is a member of another tribe who has lost his
entire pack to the war. Over the period of the war, the original,
"pure" tribal packs have become conglomerates of many tribes.

This has added to the cohesion necessary for the Garou to
operate in the war. Inter-tribal conflict, originally a problem,
has lessened due to the mix of tribes fighting side-by-side with
each otherona regular basis. A pack witha Silver Fang, aSilent
Strider, an Uktena, a Black Fury and even a Bone Gnawer
would not be unusual.

Pack Names

All packs need names to identify themselves. In the Ama-
zon War, packs vie with each other for glory. They live to howl
their pack names around the fires of a moot. Missions are
assigned to packs, not individuals. Thus, a pack's name is a
major part of any story in the Amazon conflict. Encourage the
players to get together and name themselves.

Chapter Four: Encounters 61


Travel Times

When Garou packs travel in the rain forest, they must
choose one among them to lead the way. This lead charac-
ter will make the travel rolls listed below once per day.

By Land:

Garou in Homid - Crinos form roll Intelligence +
Survival against a six difficulty. Five miles are travelled for
every success on the roll. Those in Hispo form roll against
a five difficulty, while those in Lupus roll against a four.
Natives to the region roll against a four difficulty in all
forms. A botch on the roll means the pack is lost.

If a character has Area Knowledge: Amazon, she may
know some short cuts. Add the Area Knowledge score to
the Dice Pool for the roll.

By River:

Garou must have a rudimentary skill with boating to
take this route. Roll Intelligence + Athletics against a six
difficulty. 10 miles are travelled for every success on the
roll. A Garou must be in Homid - Crinos to steer the boat,
although the Crinos form may be too heavy for fast travel,
cutting down on the number of successes for the roll. A
botch means the boat is caught in an eddy, and the pack
must spend the whole day getting it out.

By Umbra:

If a Garou is non-native to the region and is not allied
with a local totem, she must make a Wits + Enigmas roll to
successfully travel the Umbra without getting lost. The
difficulty is generally six, but this can be higher or lower
depending on familiarity with the immediate area. The
number of miles travelled per success is up to the Story-
teller; great distances can be traversed quickly at times,
while walking the length of a city block can take a full day
at other times. If the Storyteller needs to get characters a
great distance quickly, hecanallowthem up to 20 miles per
success.

A native or a local totem-ally can roll Intelligence +
Survival instead against a five difficulty. The number of
miles travelled per success is usually five, but this can
increase as noted above.

Stories

There were great complexes of stories , some that, strung together,
could be weeks in the telling. Other stories were told only once ina
person's lifetime.

— Barry Lopez, Giving Birth To Thunder, Sleeping
With His Daughter

Below are some story ideas, springboards for the adventures
that are to be had in the Amazon. These brief encounters are
followed by a short adventure called "Rio by Night" and the
full-length adventure "In Dreams and Nightmares." In this last
section, the pack must race to prevent Pentex from destroying
the lost city of El Dorado. They be in for a surprise when they

encounter a famous Garou enemy: Samuel Haight, "The

Skinner."

Using ‘Che Ghost Raptors

Occasionally, the players will get in over their heads. The
Ghost Raptors (see Chapter Three) make an excellent plot
device if this happens. Since the Balam continually report
Garou activity to the Ghost Raptors, they may be alerted to
your characters' fate if they are in trouble.

There are other possible stories involving the Raptors:

A Battle Master may decide it is time to deal with the Ghost
Raptors once and forall and send the pack after them. This will
involve an "Apocalypse Now" sort of story where the players
must penetrate the deepest parts of the jungle, skirting the
Mokolé and the Balam and attempting to locate the secret
domain of the Raptors.

One of your packmates (or even one of your Battle Masters)
may be a Ghost Raptor in disguise waiting for the opportunity
to either recruit the players or prevent them from making more
fetishes and further damaging the spiritual environment.

The Ghost Raptors are everywhere, but it is possible that the
players may accidentally stumble into one of their secret
caches of supplies, especially when they need them most.

Your pack might get asked to join the Raptors if they begin
toshowaconcern forthe amount of destruction in the Amazon
because of Garou violence. They will only be accepted if they
have proved themselves to be good warriors. This would be an
interesting Chronicle: being part of an elite force that is
independent of both the Garou and Pentex.

Recon Missions
(Day Recon

The pack is sent to investigate a nearby indigenous village
where Pentex activity is suspected. Upon arrival at the village,
the Garou will find the villagers quite helpful and friendly.
They will offer food and show the Garou a nearby clear-cut site
that has been abandoned for several weeks. The site bears the
faint echo of Wyrm taint, but the taint is long gone.

After the investigation of the site, the villagers will offer the
pack a place to stay for the night. If they accept, the horror
begins. As soon as the sky is dark and the moon rides above the
horizon, Banes descend on the village and possess the villagers,
causing them to attack the Garou and attempt to subdue them.

Shortly after the Bane-infected villagers attack, a Pentex
First Team will move in. Their objective is to take the pack
alive in order to gain information regarding the Garou's base
camp. The players' actions could very well affect the outcome
of the war...

Night Recon

The pack is sent by their elders to carry outa reconnaissance
mission on a new Pentex camp in order to prepare for a full-

62 Rage Across the Amazon


scale assault. The camp is located further into the jungle than
Headquarters, and Pentex is trying to keep it a secret.

The outer defenses of the camp consist of roving patrols,
watch Banes and various electronic detection devices. The
pack, after slipping through, will get its:first glimpse of the
camp.

Nothing at the camp appears out of the ordinary for Pentex.
There is a stockpile of military hardware that reeks of the

Wyrm. While the entire camp is strongly tainted, the central
. tent, a massive construct, is the focus for a greater taint.

In the Umbra, the central tent is surrounded by a whirling
dance of Banes. If the pack manages to penetrate far enough
into the camp to actually view the inside of the tent, they will
discover the camp's horrible secret. A massive, metal pit
surrounded by technological devices tended by people in
protective uniforms. Contained within is a massive
Thunderwyrm. Pentex has outfitted the beast with a control
device they believe will allow them to direct the creature as

- > they will. They intend to use it in an attack on the Garou.

Ifthe pack can get the device, they can perhaps control the

- Thunderwyrm to wreak havoc on the Pentex base. Good

luck...

Thunderwyrm: Str 6, Dx 2, Sta 6, Per 3, Int 1, Wits 2, Athl 3,
Brwl 3

Attacks: Body Slam, Punch or Bite

Health Levels: OK/OK/OK/-1/-1/-1/-2/-2/-3/-3/-4/-4/-5]-
5/Incapacitated

This thing is 25 feet long, ugly and pissed off about being told
what to do.

Recon Encounter

On a routine patrol in the area near the Garou's camp, the
pack happens across a small, obnoxiously friendly monkey that

» chatters loudly and follows them around. Sense Wyrm will
_ show the creature to be Wyrm-tainted. If attacked, it will flee,

trying to lead the group into a Pentex ambush. If not attacked,

- it will merely observe the pack's movements and report their

patrol pattern. This creature is one of several that Pentex is

F sending out to spy on the Garou in preparation for the big

assault on the Garou's base camp.

Search and (Destroy Missions
The Rogue Pit

The pack is ordered to secure a section of jungle that Pentex
has begun to exploit. The Garou elders believe that Pentex
forces have not yet fully dug in and that the majority of the
Pentex forces are mere humans who can be quickly driven

- away before a First Team arrives. Such is not the case. The

group will be tracked and ambushed en route by an equivalent

* pack of Black Spiral Dancers. This ambush will appear to be

totally unrelated to the mission, instead seeming to be mere
happenstance.

Chapter Four: Encounters

If the pack is not deterred by the Black Spirals, they will
arrive at the Pentex base to discover that the "mere humans"
are actually another pack of Black Spirals posing as Pentex
grunts. The Black Spirals intend todespoil the area with toxins
and create another Pit. They are led by a powerful Theurge
who knows the Ritual of Caern Building. The area they have
moved into is virgin jungle.

This move by the Black Spirals is not condoned by Pentex.
The Black Spirals want to create their own base of operations
away from the Pentex base in order to create a second front.
Pentex does not approve of this splitting of forces and neither
do the elders of the Hell's Hand Hive. Nonetheless, this Pit of
Black Spiral corruption must be investigated and eliminated
before the base is established.

Unearthed Remains

The Pentex crews are very excited about some type of buried
treasure they located. It is up to the pack to go in, find out what
this treasure is and deal with it. The characters will be advised
that there is extensive security, and astealthy night infiltration.
will be recommended.

Upon arrival at the sight, the pack finds far less security in
the area than was anticipated. The posts appear to be aban-
doned. If they continue to investigate, they will find the
excavation sight where Pentex was working, as well as what
looks like a deeply buried tunnel.

Mae


Going into the tunnel reveals a series of rooms with various
treasures, mostly works of art dating back over a thousand
years. In the next chamber they find dead Pentex personnel
scattered about, most of them broken like dolls. After a short
while, the pack hears shooting from further into the tunnel.

As they arrive in the last room, they find the true "treasure"
Pentex was after. Standing in the middle of the room, waiting
for the pack, isan ancient vampire the company has unearthed
and awakened. She holds in her hands an assault rifle she has
just discovered how to use.

Killing the vampire is not the only possible outcome to this
encounter...

Finding the Craitor

A Garou warrior has decided it means more to win than to
stand up for a cause. To that end, the warrior has turned to the
Wyrm and seeks to join the Black Spiral Dancers. The traitor
has taken off into the jungle and must be destroyed before she
reaches the Black Spiral hive.

This is truly a pity. He was one of the finest jungle warriors
in the Garou camp. The pack must race against the Black
Spirals to find a traitor who knows the jungle better than
anyone else and does not wish to be found.

Tunnel Rats

Pentex has done a great deal of work digging themselves
into their present positions. The extent of this was only
discovered when the Garou recently managed to capture a
secret Pentex position. This site was supposed to be a second
division of Pentex Laboratories until the Garou took it. Under
all the major buildings are tunnels leading off in various
directions. The pack is sent to investigate these tunnels.

Not only must they deal with any traps placed in the area,
but also with the problem of fighting in closed spaces. Should
the pack manage to prevail, even under these conditions, they
must still deal with the Bane-infested giant rat used to build the
underground labyrinth. They must also deal with the possibil-
ity that a Black Spiral Pit or even an entire Hive could exist in
this underground nightmare.

Fomor Rat: Str 3, Dx 5, Sta 3, Athl 3, Brwl 4, Dodge 3

Attacks: Bite (Str + 2)

Powers: Plague Bite (as the Ratkin Gift)

Health Levels: OK/-2/-3/-5/Incapacitated.

This is a rat the size of a Saint Bernard and acts rabid due to
the Bane possessing it.

See and Flee

The Garou have found out that a Black Spiral Theurge,
with the assistance of certain Pentex personnel willing to be
sacrificed, is going to attempt a great ritual of some type. The
pack is sent to sneak close enough to the Pit to be able to step
sideways into the Umbra, see what is happening and run home
before anyone can react.

The problem, however, is threefold. First, they will have an
entire Pit of Black Spiral Dancers after them. Second, the

Umbra in that area is swarming with Banes. Third, the
Theurge just summoned and bound something that looks
strikingly like a Nexus Crawler.

Combat Encounters
Air Raid

Ona routine patrol, the pack will start to hear odd buzzing
sounds. If they choose to investigate, and even if they don't, the
buzzing sounds will grow louder. The pack is ambushed and
quickly becomes a participant in a Pentex combat readiness
test. The corporation wants to use the pack to see how well a
new air force deals with combat.

The air force consists of 15 Wyrm-tainted and Bane-ridden
insects. Most of these creatures are giant mosquitoes, though
some are giant locusts. The average size of one of these
creatures is three feet, alchough some range from half a foot to
six feet. There is one "bug" Pentex is trying to work out of this
system. The Wyrm-tainted insects don't do aggravated dam-
age, but the Bane-ridden ones do.

A small First Team hides nearby judging the performance of
the air corps. They all have been given a fetish to protect them

from the attacks of the giant insects.
Giant Mosquitoes: Str 2, Dx 3, Sta 3, Athl 3, Brwl 3, Dodge 3.

"Ay Y

"yy
a
%
.%,
AN
a
wy
4"

wn)
Bayan

Zam

BRot=s

64 Rage Across the Amazon


Attacks: Pincer nose (Str + 2; can drain blood with success-
ful attack: one aggravated Health Level per turn in addition to
regular damage).

Health Levels: OK/OK/ -3/-5/Incapacitated.

Flight Speed: 30 yds + Dx per turn. These mosquitoes are
fast and quick.

Giant Locusts: Str 3, Dx 2, Sta 4, Athl 3, Brwl 3, Dodge 2.

Attacks: Chewing (Str + 1), Ram (Str + 3; the locust flies
into a target after spending one turn in full flight. The damage

roll is resisted by the target's Athletics + 2; ifthe locust wins the

contest, the target is knocked down).

Health Levels: OK/OK/-2/-3/-5/Incapacitated.

Flight Speed: 15 yds + Dx per turn. These are larger and
heavier than the mosquitoes and not as bright.

Balefirefight

Pentex has been burning large areas of jungle all across the
Amazon. The Garou have discovered the next sight to be
decimated and the pack is sent to deal with it. Pentex is not
surprised to see the warriors of Gaia arrive. The company has
prepared its best pyromaniacs to deal with them. The Garou
will arrive to find four Furmlings (Wyrm-spawned fire
elementals) running wild among the trees — and heading
straight for them.

Furmlings (Balefire Elementals): These appear as lumi-
nous blobs ofnapalm-like plasma. They glow with an irradiated
phosphorescence.

Rage 10, Willpower 5, Gnosis, 5, Power 30
Charms: Balefire (as the Black Spiral Gift, Cost 2), Airt

Sense

Guard (Duty

In the past few days, there has been a remarkable rise in
Pentex movements. Instead of being sent out on more "impor-
tant" missions, the pack is stuck with guard duty. They are
guarding a border outpost that coincides with an Umbral Glen.
This will prove to be a rather dull assignment until late the
following night.

Off in the distance, a howl sounds, followed soon by
another. The first is the Warning of the Wyrm's Approach,
and the second is the Call for Succor. It is easy to pick out the
direction of the howls, and the pack may wish to go to the aid
of their fellows, especially once the sound of gunfire begins.

Any who go to investigate will discover another pack
seriously outgunned and outmaneuvered by a Pentex First
Team. A little stealth will allow the newcomers to ambush the
First Team and reverse the situation. This particular First
Team consists entirely of fomori.

After the defeat of the First Team, the pack will find two
members of the other pack still alive. Both have been badly
wounded and will require escort if they are to make it back to
base. They are little more than pups fresh from their Rite of
Passage and are traumatized by losing the rest of their pack.

Whoever takes it upon themselves to escort these pups to base
will not be around for the events that follow.

If the pack deserts its post to assist the pups, a pair of Black
Spirals, a Ferectoi and a number of Banes will move in and
plant the seeds of corruption in the Glen. They hope to be
finished and gone before the pack returns. However, if they are
not able to do this, or if the pack left behind a watch member,
the Wyrm creatures will try to take them out swiftly and
silently before continuing with their mission.

Investigation
(Dance of the Dead

The Garou base is under siege in the Umbra. The spirits of
long dead Native Amazonians are attacking those who walk in
the spirit world. The Garou don't have the slightest idea why.

The pack is sent to the known burial grounds of one the
tribes. There they find the spirit of an old tribal leader. Upon
speaking to him, the pack learns the location of a secret burial
ground.

‘Should the pack choose to investigate the sight, they will
find it guarded by four Black Spiral Dancers and two Ferectoi.
If the pack is able to defeat the guards, they will find nothing
of interest at the sight itself. Only in the Umbra will light be
shed on the problem. In the Umbra, the pack will find the spirit
of a small girl dressed in the robes of a tribal priestess. She
appears to be sleeping and is surrounded by Banes. The Banes
are holding her hostage to blackmail the spirits of the native
dead to attack the Garou.

If freed, the girl will awaken and smile. She will take the
hand of the Garou who did the most towards freeing her and
lead him outside. She will then disappear. Unknown to the
character, she has shown him to the spirits to let them know
that he is her savior. The character will have good luck in the
jungle thereafter, which will show up in minor ways: mosqui-
toes don't bother him as much, it is easier to move through the
thick growth, and soon. The effects should last long enough for
the rest of the group to guess the honor he has been bestowed.

Rescue Missions
Che Captured Friend

A Garou messenger was intercepted and captured by Pentex.
She has information on the location and methods to be used
during the next raid on Pentex. She must be returned to the
Garou camp or killed before the information can be retrieved
from her. It seems only fair to assign those who she calls friends
to this task; thus, the pack will be sent.

Che Trapped Theurge

A Garou Theurge is trapped in the Umbra by a host of
Banes. She has used her powers tostay alive, but maynot return
to the normal world without assistance. The pack has been

Chapter Four: Encounters 65


AN

assigned as part of the group who must fight off the Banes. The
mission must be accomplished before the Banes receive rein-
forcements.

Che Hostage Pups

Pentex has managed tokidnap the latest litter of Garou pups
and is intending to use them in a horrid ritual to bring a major
Wyrm minion into the world. The pups are very important, for

divinations reveal they will be important in the war with the
Wyrm, though none know how. They must not be lost.

Pentex intends to use the pups to lure as many Garou packs
as possible into traps and ambushes. As for the important pups,
if they truly are important and powerful, it isa bad thing for the
Garou: the pups have already undergone the Dance of the
Black Spiral. The hostages have already been brainwashed; the
amount of damage this bit of espionage will inflict is largely the
result of the players' actions.

Rio By Night

This story takes the pack to Rio de Janeiro, a city of tropical
wonder and beauty. There the characters become entangled in
Kindred affairs, have a run-in with Pentex and learn about the
unsung heroes of the war: the Glass Walker monkeywrenchers.

Scene One: Che Mission

The pack is called before their Battle Master, Jurgen Krieg.
He tells them to sit down and then paces about, looking at
them and pondering, then looking back at them and ponder-
ingsome more. "All right, I guess you're the ones," he says. "We
needa pack to goto Rio." He looks for the characters' reactions,
waiting for one of them to look relieved or to make a remark
about a vacation. He will then get in that character's face and
yell: "This ain't no beach vacation! You ain't going to the
Copacabana!"

He will stand back and explain the mission in full: "Pentex
has something big planned, but we haven't been able to find
out what. They're keeping this one all hush-hush. Wedo know
that they've been briefing some execs in Rio.

"These execs arrived two days ago by boat and went straight
to Pentex HQ downtown. They haven't left the building since
then. In case youdidn't know, we have some operatives in Rio,
monkeywrenchers who are handling the logistics end of the
war. One of these guys was able to spy in on these execs'
meeting using Pentex's own vid-comp security system. He
heard some... interesting things before they shut his connec-
tion down.

"Anyway, it appears there is now a plan afoot for Pentex to
build an alliance with the Leeches of Rio to help wipe out our
operatives there. We can't let this happen. Ifa Leech war were
to break out, it would drain too much of our resources and
probably lose us our foothold in Rio. In case you bozos didn't
know, our Rio boys were instrumental in the'92 Earth Summit.
We can't lose them.

"Now, I.don't know all the details about these Leeches.
You'll be briefed on them when you get to Rio. You're mission
is to defend our operatives. They aren't very military and may
not be able to handle themselves if Cadavers start hunting
them down. So the War Council decided that we would send
down a pack to watch out for 'em. But the Rio guys didn't like
this idea at all; found it insulting in fact. Too bad. I don't care

66 Rage Across the Amazon

what they want, I've got orders and so do you: defend these guys.
It's their job tostop thealliance. It's yours to defend them while
they do it.

"I don't now how long this will take, but I expect to get you
back here as soon as this situation blows over. Now, get outta
here!"

He turns and walks away. A Glass Walker waiting nearby
walks up and introduces himself: "Hello, I'm Nathan
Duskrunner. I will escort you to Rio. If you'll come this way..."
He leads the pack towards the caern center, where the Master
of the Rite is ready to open a Moon Bridge.

Nathan has obviously already made up his mind about the
pack. He turns to the them as they wait and says: "A few words
of advice: don't antagonize anyone. We take enough flack for
you gung-ho types and frankly we're sick of it. You can't
possibly understand what we do for the cause, so let's leave it
at that. Oh, your host will be the Open Arms Sept." The Moon
Bridge opens just as he says this, and he steps forward into the
silver radiance. An ocean breeze wafts past him. The Master of
the Rite bids the pack to enter. On the other side of the Moon
Bridge, the adventure in Rio awaits.

The City

Thecharacters come out on the otherside intoan expensive
looking living room. The living room is part of a nice home.
Well-kept grounds can be seen just outside the window. A
security fencesurrounds the estate. The homesitson Corcovado
mountain, and the living room walls contain huge windows
looking out over the city of Rio towards Guanabara Bay.

Garou in Homid form stand around in the room watching
the characters as they arrive. They look very much like typical
rich residents of the city. Some are obviously of European
backgrounds, but others are meztico (of mixed descent). The six
Garou say nothing to the newly arrived pack.

Nathan waits for all the characters to arrive and then
motions to them to follow him. He walks outside, across the
lawn and into a grove of trees. There is a wrought iron table
with a glass top and matching chairs. An old man sits at the
table, obviously waiting for the group. Nathan stands behind
the man and motions the characters to sit down.


The man smiles at them and says, "Welcome to Rio. I am
Guiterrez, the leader of this sept." He leans back in his chair.
"| must tell you, [am not happy about your arrival. ] am aware
of your orders and I dispute them. However, since I have been.
outvoted by the Council, I shall be a gracious host. You are
welcome to accompany us in our activities, but you will not
participate — only watch. I cannot stress how delicate affairs
are here. Pentex is stirring up many old feelings. I believe I can
handle them, but you are not to interfere. Is this clear?"

He waits for an answer. If the characters argue, he will scowl,
get up and walk away. If they agree, he will smile and say,
"Good. [have a young man who will show you around Rio. We
have quite the night life here." He will chuckle, stand up and
leave. .

Nathan then leads the characters to their quarters. There is
a hall of guest rooms in a separate building from the house.
They are very plush guest quarters, modeled after the many
resorts in the area. For any city-bred homids, it is a very nice
break from the harsh jungle.

Nathan tells them to wait there. In a little while, they are
visited by their guide. He isasmall man about 18 yearsold. This
Lupine is a native of Rio, a meztico of mixed Indian and
European blood with a broad and infectious smile. He intro-
duces himself as Rough Tangent of the Glass Walker Tribe and
proudly proclaims, "I am your tour guide!"

Rough Tangent

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Drive 4, Firearms 3, Repair 2,
Stealth 2, Computer 5, Enigmas 3, Occult 2, Rituals 1,
Science 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4 (hackers), Resources 3

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Spirit Speech, Control Simple
Machines, Cyber Senses, Jam Technology

Rage 2, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4

Merits/Flaws: Compulsion (talking)

Rank: 2

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Free Ride (Level 5, Gnosis 6; this device is a small
alligator clip with a wire attached to Rough's belt. When
hooked up to a power line, it allows Rough and anyone
touching him to be instantly transported through the power
conduits and out again at the closest transformer, similar to the
Glass Walker Gift: Phone Travel).

Image: In Homid form, Rough is of mixed Brazilian and
European blood. He has a broad and infectious smile. In Lupus,
he is a shaggy brown wolf with white streaks through his fur.:

Roleplaying Notes: Oh, boy, are you excited! You're tired
of partying alone. Now that these out-of-town Garou are here,
it's your chance to show off.

Background: Rough was born toashe-wolf who lived in the
shantytowns of Rio, taking what scraps she could find. The
Open Arms Sept looked after her occasionally, hoping she
would one day bear a true Garou. When she did, they took the
pup and placed him in a home of knowing homid Kinfolk.
Rough grew up more a homid than a lupus.

He loves computers and their potential for revealing new
spirit mysteries. He hopes Rio can become a real cutting edge
high-tech city some day.

Che Cour

Rough takes the pack out on the town. He seems desperate
to show off the city, especially to any lupus. He will make
roultiple comments about how Rio is a rare city — one where
the humans know how to have fun. The pack may soon realize
that, despite his behavior and attitude, Rough is actually a
lupus.

It is around 5:00 p.m. when the tour begins. Rough leads
them toa mini-van ("Careful! It's belongs to Guiterrez. If it gets
so much asa tiny scratch, I'm history! Just kidding. No, really,
have fun!"). He drives them down the mountain. They can see
above them, on the top of the mountain, one of Rio's most
famous attractions: the statue of Christ the Redeemer, arms
open to accept the city.

BAIA DE GUANABARA

ATLANTIC
OCEAN

| 1. Pentex HQ
2. Open Arms Sept
3. Kindred Assault
4. Meeting Site

Rio de Janeiro :

Chapter Four: Encounters 67


Legends of Rio

© Lupe's Vision: "Early on in the city's history, one
crazy Bone Gnawercalled Lupe swore he hada vision at the
foot of the statue of Christ the Redeemer. He recounted
how the statue looked down at him and, with open arms,
pointed to a cathedral. He took this a sign that he should
join the church (after all, he was crazy). Well, he went
there, found the local priest, and introduced himself as a
werewolf. The priest, horrified, threw him from the church.
Lupe shrugged his shoulders and thought no more about his
minor run-in with homid religion. The priest, however,
had summoned some friends to Rio, and soon the Inquisi-
tion was hunting in the favelas and woods for us.

"Our leader then was a smart fellow and knew what to
do. If you simply point the fanatics at a vampire, he
thought, they'd forget werewolves ever existed in their
fervor to destroy the unholy dead. So, he sent a pack out
to nab a neonate. They got one and dropped him off,
beaten and hurting, in the shantytown. Since this guy was
hungry after his beating, he found one of the shum locals
and began feasting. This is when L'Inquisition came on
him. They staked the poor fool.

"This neonate had a sire who was rather fond of him. A
minor war started between the two gangs, hunters on one
side, vampires on the other. Of course, the vampires finally
won, but I think one of the hunters escaped by ship.

"Oh well, just goes to show you what happens when you
get all hung up on religion. Huh? What about Gaia? Hey!
Gaia's not religion — She's real! Get with it."

e A Visit From Welles: "Then there was the time
Orson Welles came to Rio. This was back in '43 or '44, I
don't remember which. He turned the whole town into
one big party — which isn't hard todo. He's filming this big
movie, right? He doesn't really have a script, so he spends
the time just filming the party. Boy, is the studio getting
pissed too! They eventually cut off his money, but they had
to put ads in the papers to do it, telling the hotels and bars
not to honor his credit. They were scared. They finally
pulled the whole crew outta there.

"The film never got released. Hell, most of the footage
is lost, too. It's a shame, because some of our elders were in
the film, dancing around the streets like everybody else.
But I hear that Welles caught Suarez on film. You know,
Suarez, the vampire Prince of Rio? I hear Welles and his
roving camera saw something they shouldn't have. That's
why the studio really cut his funding, because of a phone
call from Suarez. And all that film — it's gone. You don't
just throw away that much footage, right? Ah, well, it
would have been a cool film."

Rough drives them around town and points out famous
buildings, including the site of the 92 Earth Summit ("A real
coup for us. Hell, I got a lot of renown myself for that gig.").

He then slows the car and becomes quiet. They are in the
Centro, the downtown district. Tall buildings surround them:
banks and corporate offices. He stops the car in the middle of
the street and points a block away to a building on the far
comer. "There," he says. "That's it. The enemy." The building
is nondescript, looking much like the other office buildings
surrounding it. A plain logo can be seen above the main doors:
ALLIED BANK. "That's supposed to be a ‘financial lending
institution'. Don't be fooled. It's really Pentex."

If any of the characters try to get out of the car for a closer
look, he will warn them instantly. "Don't! Are you crazy? They
guard this place like gold! You can bet there's something
watching us even now. C'mon let's go." If the characters resist,
he will say, "Hey, remember your orders! You aren't here to
screw up our operations. You're here to defend us! That means
me, too. Let's get outta here."

He will then take them straight to Copacabana Beach, park
the car and lead them to a bar called "Margaritas." Inside, he
will then start telling the pack tall tales, regaling them with his
adventures and relating legends of the sept. If the characters
feel the need for background information on the city, this is the
perfect time to ask for it. They should time their questions
carefully, however. As the evening passes, Rough will steadily
and methodically get drunk.

68 Rage Across the Amazon


Brujah Neonates

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 3, Firearms 2, Melee (knives) 2

Disciplines: Potence 2 (add two dice to damage Pools
for Melee and Brawl), Fortitude 1 (acts as one level of
armor)

Humanity 6, Willpower 5.

Blood Pool: 5 (they can spend one Blood Point per turn
and add it to any Physical Attribute for one scene. Vam-
pires can spend Blood Points to heal damage at the rate of
one Blood Point per wound level. If they fall below three
Blood Points, they must roll three dice against a difficulty
6 or they will frenzy, desperate for blood).

Equipment: They all have switchblades and light re-
volvers. No one is using silver. When they realize that they
can't really hurt the Garou without special weapons, they
will flee.

Rough then starts rambling about things he was not sup-
posed to reveal. The players might inquire about Guiterrez's
plans. Even if they don't, he will tell in a very proud, drunken
way how Guiterrez told him to take the pack out on the town
and distract them. He says that Guiterrez didn't want a bunch
of war heroes messing up his delicate negotiations with Boyer.
When the characters ask who Boyer is, as any good player
surely would, he will look at them in surprise. He'll realize that
hehassaid too much. It is now too late to cover up. He will look
sheepishly at them and say, "Well...Boyer's the right-hand
man of Suarez, the Kindred Prince of Rio."

Scene Two: The Meeting

It is very easy for the characters to get Rough to spill the
location of Guiterrez's meeting and even to get directions
there. Despite getting the information from Rough, the char-
acters have still been removed from the real action. While the
characters were talking to Rough in the bar, vampires were
surrounding the meeting sight. Guiterrez was being stalked by
a group of vampires as he waited for Boyer to arrive.

In actuality, the vampires are responding to an earlier
attack. Boyer was ambushed by a group of Black Spiral Dancers
before he even left for the meeting site. Since many vampires
don't distinguish Black Spirals from regular Garou, the local
Kindred now believe they are all being hunted by Garou.
(News about the war in Chicago hasn't helped). They have
either gone into hiding, or, as the characters discover, are
taking the initiative against the Garou.

Atthe bar, as the pack and Rough head out into the parking
lot, they are surrounded by a group of men. The men seem like
a group of locals and Europeans, but they are actually Brujah

vampires. The vampires have their own reasons for delaying
the pack.

The Brujah will demand to know the location of the
assassins who attacked Boyer. Rough will argue that no one was
assigned to attack Boyer; the Lupines wanted the negotiations
to succeed. The argument will become very intense unless the
players (especially any Philodox involved) can turn the situa-
tion to their advantage. The Brujah were given a description
of the Lupines that attacked Boyer: a pack was seen fleeing
from the scene of the crime. Rough will be able to identify the
pack as a local gang of Black Spirals. It should be evident that
Pentex would have a lot to gain by setting the Kindred against
the Garou. The Brujah, of course, don't care about the distinc-
tion between who is a Black Spiral and who is not, and they
don't give a damn about Pentex. They will gleefully report that
Guiterrez is probably dead by now and attack. Rough is still
trying to sober up; the pack must now carry out their duty and
protect him.

The Brujah are clearly outmatched. Once the vampires
realize they can't win the fight without silver, they will flee into
the beach crowd. If the characters pursue them, the crowd will
assume they are police chasing the locals for no good reason
and will try todetain them. Ifthe characters are in Crinos form,
the Delirium will take effect and the beachgoers will panic.
Their haphazard riot will prevent the characters from getting
to the vampires before they disappear down the streets.

Rough tells the pack that they've got to get to the meeting
site quickly and begs them to get in the car; otherwise, he will
leave them behind. Following Rough's directions while driv-
ing quickly through the streets will, of course, require a roll of
Wits or Dexterity + Drive. Rough is going to have to sober up
fast...

Rough screeches to a halt at the meeting site, a stretch of
beach in Ipanema, and jumps from the car. A group of Garou
are gathered about the body of Guiterrez. Two dead Kindred lie
nearby torn limb from limb. Nathan looks up at Rough and the
characters and scowls (a character who gets five successes on
a Perception + Empathy roll will see that he is actually
ashamed. The characters should have been here as they were
ordered).

Nathan says to the characters, "We've been tricked. Damn
Pentex! Damn this war!" Rough looks shaken and stares at
Guiterrez's body. He suddenly shifts into Lupus form and lets
loose a Howl of Mourning. The other Garou, except for
Nathan, shift to Lupus and do the same. Nathan simply stands
with his head bowed, clearly ashamed.

It is obvious to Nathan that Pentex is trying to start a war
in Rio between the Lupines and the Kindred. Give the
characters a chance to suggest courses of action. The Open
Arms Sept wants to end the coming Kindred-Garou war. Any
arguments about this could lead to intense and impassioned
roleplaying. The characters may have personal feelings, but
they still have their orders.

Rough does have one idea that may help the players. He
explains that Pentex keeps video tapes ofall their meetings and
planning sessions. Since this was clearly a Pentex ploy, they

Chapter Four: Encounters 69


had to have planned it at their HQ, which means that there
would be tapes of those involved "confessing" to the crime. If
the Garou could get these tapes and show them to the prince,
he would realize what was really going on, and the Garou would
actually gain an ally against Pentex.

This may spark a lot of arguing about making deals with
vampires, but Nathan will explain that during war, you choose
your enemies as carefully as possible. Any who are not your
immediate enemy should be left alone. The Kindred are not
participants in the Amazon War and thus should not be given
any excuse to attack Garou. Nathan, like most of his sept, is a
Glass Walker and is not overly bothered by vampires. He
considers the matter closed. They must not start a war with the
Kindred.

Despite any personal feelings, the pack is under orders to
protect the Glass Walkers. Their best option is to protect
Rough Tangent as he infiltrates Pentex headquarters.

Seene Three: Corporate
Assets

Rough takes the pack back to Corcovado caern. He tells
them to catch a few hours of sleep, because "they're going to
need it." The next morning, he wakes them up and hands them
some business suits. "These will help. Our Theurges worked all
night on them. Don't worry, they'll fit." The suits fit perfectly,
as if they were custom tailored. Rough explains that there is a
spirit bound into each suit exuding an aura of respectability and
importance. The pack will disguise themselves as business
executives. If questioned about what type of spirit it is, Rough
will be vague, saying he is unsure. (They are rare finance spirits
found in downtown Rio, created from the energy of interna-
tional finance taking place. Since these are Weaver spirits, the
Glass Walkers are reluctant to talk about them to other
Garou.)

Rough then drives the pack to within a few blocks of the
Pentex building. He parks on the street and says, "C'mon. No
matter what, don't change form until I say it's safe. P''ve done
a lot of work on figuring out their security. A hell of a lot of
people walk through their doors every day, so they rely on
Banes tokeep an eye out for shapechangers. I've got a few tricks
to fool them. Those suits are just one of 'em."

He leads the pack to the building's front doors and walks
through with no hesitation. A small group of businessmen is
coming out at the same time. He holds the door open for them
and smiles. Everything seems normal. If the characters delay,
he will "hsst!" at them and motion them into the building.

The lobby is huge. People sit in plush chairs waiting for their
appointments. A bank of elevators is straight ahead, flanked by
security guards. Video cameras are placed in every comer. The
red lightseems to stare at the pack likea malevolent eye. Rough
gathers the pack to him and says, "Just in time for our
appointment." He then leads them towards the elevators.

He then stops dead and turns around to face the pack. "Oh,
oh. Black Spiral at 12 O'clock. Damn." If the characters look,

they will see nothing out of the ordinary, just a security guard
who looks bored. "Believe me, that's a Black Spiral. I recognize
him-and he'll recognize me. We've got to hide." Give the
players a few moments to notice the restroom nearby. If the
players don't think of it, Rough will walk off towards a small
side wing where the universal icon for "men's room" can be
seen on a sign. If any of the characters are female, Rough will
immediately pull them into the men's room anyway.

Fortunately, all the stalls are empty. Rough desperately
needs to get to a computer terminal to find where the tapes are
stored. The players will no doubt regret not having the chance
to make a better plan for breaking into the building. Rough
does, however, have a quick solution. "I don't like it, but it
looks like we'll have to walk the spirit sooner than I thought.
This could be good — they won't expect it. We'll use these to
shift," he says, pointing at the bathroom mirrors.

The Web of Finance

The characters can enter the Umbra by stepping sideways
using the light reflecting off the mirrors. A strange landscape
and a horrible stench are on the other side of the Gauntlet.
They are still in the rest room, but the room is now very
ominous. They can hear something belching behind a stall.
Rough signals them to quietly get out. If anyone looks back
before exiting, they can see a small H'ruggling leaving the stall
with something very disgusting dripping from its mouth.

The lobby looks similar, but is currently empty of people.
Banes with glowing red eyes can be seen in the corners where
the video cameras were. They stare intently at the pack, but
soon look away. Rough whispers, "It's the suits. The Banes
think we belong here. C'mon."

Rough opens a door marked "stairs" and enters. The stairs,
normally concrete, are now rickety and appear to be made of
wood. Rough warns everyone to be careful and begins to walk
up the creaky winding stairwell. On the second floor, he walks
into the first office he can find.

Beyond the door is a large room filled with partitioned
cubicles. The partitions appear to be spider webbing. Pattern
Spiders can be seen moving about repairing bits of the web. If
anyone peeks into the physical world, they will see an office
room. In each cubicle, people are working at computers. Every
time one of them tries to lean over and look into another
cubicle or talk to another employee, a Pattern Spider zips over
and begins building a wall between them. This seems to negate
any disturbance. The spiders insure that the workers remain at
their tasks.

There are two terminals in this room not being used. Rough
quietly walks in and sits at one of them. "I'm going to find out
where they keep the tapes." A player character might decide
touse the other machine. Ifso, a roll of Wits + Computer versus
a difficulty of 7 will be sufficient to find the information. It is
possible that the player may wish to discover other informa-
tion. Placing information on other Pentex activities here
could easily lead to another adventure in the campaign.

70 Rage Across the Amazon


NE ITE OEE

While this is going on, the pack may notice the Spiders
getting edgy. Eventually, one Spider comes over to Rough and
is about to attack. Rough finishes right before the Spider leaps.
The moment Rough stops typing, the Spider seems to forget
what it was doing. It turns away and returns to its weaving.
"Storage Room #5 on the basement level," Rough says. He will
leave the room and walk down the stairs, seemingly unfazed by
the Spiders. (If the characters panic, or something goes terribly
wrong, statistics for Pattern Spiders are on pg. 164 of Werewolf.)

Scene Four: It's Never That
Easy

The exit is at the lowest level in the stairwell at a door
marked "Basement — No Unauthorized Entry." Rough will
step out of the Umbra. The players will need tofollow him. The
tapes exist only in physical reality. The door knob reflects
enough light from above to provide a focus for stepping
sideways.

The hallway beyond the door is dark with dim light bulbs
strung every 15 feet. Right outside is another door marked
"Storage Room 1". Rough points down the hall toa door on the
left. He'll lead them out while watching for trouble.

Nothing impedes their way and the door is not locked.
However, a Black Spiral guard is standing just inside the
storage room. He has heard the pack in the hallway and has
activated a silent alarm to call for his team. Ifthe players donot

hap

ff

caution him, Rough will quickly open the door, and the guard
will grab him instantly. If the team is cautious, they will easily
eliminate the guard. Either way, an alarm light will be flashing
in the storage room and First Teamers with pistols will be on
the way. They will arrive from the stairwell and charge towards
the pack.

Once inside the room, anyone who makes a successful
Perception + Alertness roll against a difficulty of 7 will see rows
of video tape stacked on shelves along the walls. Unless they
get closer, they cannot read the labels.

The First Team will arrive shortly, and the pack will have
a fight on their hands: one Black Spiral and four (or five, if the

odds aren't even) First Teamers.

First Team Mumber 17
Goltrag Huolg

Goltrag is an ugly Black Spiral metis. He is the leader of the
First Team.

Sur 4, Dx 3, Sta 5, Cha 1, Man 3, App 0, Per 2, Int 2,Wts 3,
Athl 3, Brwl 5, Dodge 3, Intim 4, Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 3

Gifts: Shroud, Sense Wyrm, Smell Fear, Howl of the
Banshee, Ears of the Bat

ter Four: Encounters 71


First ‘Ceamers

Str 3, Dx 3, Sta3, Cha 2, Man 2, App 2, Per 2, Int 3, Wts 3,
Alert 2, Athi 2, Brwl 2, Dodge 3, Firearms 3

Weapons: M-16 assault rifles (1 clip silver bullets, 2 clips
normal), silver knives.

Cake the Tapes and Run

During the battle, one of the characters will hopefully,
instead of fighting, try to find the tape. If not, Rough will call
to a pack member for help and point toward the wall of tapes.
An Intelligence + Enigmas roll at difficulty 8 will allow a
character to figure out the filing system. From there, a Percep-
tion + Alertness roll, difficulty 7, will allow the character to
find the right tape amid the clamor of battle.

Rough has something else to do. As soon as one of the
characters begins looking for the tape, Rough will run to
another wall. If no one will assist him, he will still run to the

other side of the room. There are many pipes stretching along

‘ the basement walls. Rough looks them over and finds what he

needs: a power conduit. He pulls out a screwdriver and begins
toopena panel. Ifanyone asks him what he is doing, he will say,
"Just get the tape, dammit!"

The panel is easy to open. He pulls an alligator clip from his
pocket with a wire attached to his belt and asks the pack if they
have the tape yet. Ifso, he will tell them to quit fighting and run
towards him. He will then tell them to hold on to his suit —
and they're off!

Rough activates his Free Ride fetish and the pack is instantly
transported through the building's power lines to the trans-
former two blocks down the street. They materialize on the
street, none the worse for their ride through a maelstrom of
megavolts.

Rough conveniently parked his car nearby in case he had to
use his fetish. Security guards are starting to pour from the
building and will start firing at the pack. It will only take a few
tums for Rough to prepare the getaway vehicle. Rough and the
characters will quickly drive away from the building.

Rough will turn up the stereo for the ride home, and the van
will pull up outside of the house on Corcovado. Rough rushes
the tape to Nathan, who is astonished that the plan succeeded.
He then thanks the pack immensely and rushes off with his
own pack to get the tape to the prince. He tells the pack to
defend the caern, as Kindred may try to assault it.

Cying Jt Up - or Lettin
J Re 9

It isup to the Storyteller where to go with story now. Ideally,
Nathan should be able to stop the brewing troubles with the
tape — but what if he never gets the tape to the prince? Also,
will the caern attacked by vampires while the players guard it?

A vampire war will complicate matters for the Garou and
the Storyteller. It is the Seoryteller's call whether he wants this
to happen. It could be the beginning of a Vampire/Werewolf
crossover chronicle.

Regardless, the pack and Rough will eventually be treated
toa fine feast and a victory moot. They will get all the renown
they deserve and an invitation to stay in Rioaslongas they like.
The characters will receive a permanent invite to return
anytime.

Even if things work out, the characters must return to the
Amazon soon. That's were the real war is. As important as Rio
is, it is removed from the true theater of conflict.

72 Rage Across the Amazon


Jn Creams and
Yightmares

by J. Morrison

‘Over the Mountains
Of the Moon,
Down the Valley of the Shadow,
Ride, boldly ride,'
the shade replied,
‘Tf you seek for Eldorado.'
— Edgar Allan Poe, Eldorado

While the battle for the Amazon rages on, the pack learns
the truth about an ancient myth. "In Dreams and Nightmares"
revolves around the legend of El Dorado, most commonly
known as the fabled lost city of gold. The pack learns the hard
way that most legends havea basis in fact. They must try tosave
the legendary city from the minions of Pentex.

From the very start, the pack is in a race against time as they
discover the importance of the ancient city, the truth about El
Dorado and the importance of El Dorado to the Amazon.
Pentex has a head start, and certain signs along the way could
lead the pack to understand that they are up against someone
they've met before...

Samuel Haight has appeared previously in the Werewolf
supplement Valkenburg Foundation and the Vampire supple-
ment Sabbat Storyteller's Handbook. Neither of these
supplements is necessary for running "In Dreams and Night-
mares" or for the use of this character. A brief recap of Samuel
Haight's history is given later in this story, as well as updated
character statistics.

The Plot

Scene One: The pack engages in combat with an inexpe-
rienced First Team. The Garou win the battle, but one of the
Team members wants to bargain information for his life. This
information could make a big difference in the outcome of the
war. It concerns El Dorado and Pentex's plans to acquire the
vast amount of gold to be found there and destroy the city.

Upon reporting to their superiors, the pack is told the truth
about El Dorado: it is not only a city but the name of the
powerful mage who rules there. They are given the assignment
to save El Dorado before it is too late. A map will show them
the only way to reach the Realm, but the Pentex Team already
has a substantial head start.

Scene Two: The pack must race through the Amazon Rain
Forest, attempting to reach the gateway to El Dorado. A few
surprises are waiting for them in the jungle's depths.

Scene Three: The pack is ambushed by another First Team,
this one having a few advantages. Their machine guns are
loaded with silver bullets and ingenious traps have been
quickly set behind them. The truth is revealed: the leaderof the
Pentex Team is none other than Samuel Haight, "The Skin-
ner".

Scene Four: The Garou madly dash through the jungle, but
Samuel Haight is up to his old tricks: booby traps and jungle
snares await the unwary Garou. Can the pack beat Haight to
El Dorado?

Scene Five: Haight wins the race to El Dorado and the pack
must find the source of the realm's power, El Dorado himself,
before Haight can complete his mission of destruction. Haight's
First Team blocks the way...

Scene Six: The pack is face to face with a legend. El Dorado
ishere, but so is Samuel Haight, and Haight hasa few new tricks
up his sleeve. A fight to the finish ensues, and the pack must
leave the realm of El Dorado or face the effects of a legend's
death. To escape the realm they must first face Samuel Haight
and his new friends.

What is Really Going On

Samuel Haight is once again working for Pentex, but is now
in a position of power far greater than he had before. Pentex
believes that El Dorado is a caern and possibly a source for
controlling the market of gold in the world. What they do not
understand is that El Dorado is not just a place, but a place
named after the powerful Dreamspeaker mage who has ruled
and protected his city for millennia.

What Pentex also does not understand is that Samuel
Haight already knows about El Dorado the mage and that he
intends to steal the mage's power for himself. To aid him in his
task, Haight has personally chosen some powerful allies: the
surviving members of First Teams that have fallen to the
Garou. What the unsuspecting Garou do not know is that,
once again, Samuel Haight is looking forward to gathering a
few Garou pelts. He already has Kinfolk whoare anxious to join
him in the creation of a new tribe — and in the destruction of
all Garou.

About El Dorado

El Dorado is a powerful Dreamspeaker mage. The world at
large has effectively forgotten about his existence, save for the
occasional legends of a city of gold and a king called El Dorado
who was anointed with gold dust daily. Centuries ago, when
the Conquistadors came to the new world and invaded the

Chapter Four: Encounters 73


South American continent, they slaughtered tribes of people
and searched diligently for the city of gold they had heard the
natives describe. The Conquistadors never succeeded. The
reason they could not find El Dorado's city of gold was simply
that he had no desire to be found. Ensuring that he could not
be captured and that his city could not be destroyed, El Dorado
made bargains with the Black Furies living in the area and with
the Bastet as well. He promised his aid whenever they needed
him in exchange for the destruction of any Conquistadors that
came too close to his city.

El Dorado's assistance had always been theirs anyway. Both
groups readily agreed. El Dorado was called upon frequently as
the increasing waves of invaders came into his lands, and he
never faltered in his promise to assist the Black Furies and
Bastet. Likewise, they never faltered in keeping their vows to
him. Neither group had expected El Dorado's magick to be
detected by the Technomancers.

The Technomancers sent several mages of their own into
the region. They attempted to locate and destroy the power of
El Dorado. The first few were never heard from again. They had
no choice but to send a small army of mages to assault the city.
Instead of actually doing combat, the mages opted to perform
powerful rituals that effectively "mapped" El Dorado's city out
of existence.

The entire city and the largest fresh water lake ever to exist
on earth shifted into the Umbra. It was nowa place apart. The
Technomancer's own magick backfired on them, for while no
one could leave the realm, they could not get in to finish the
job. After a time, they became convinced that nothing would
ever escape. Pleased with the results of their experiment, the
mages went back to Spain and told of their success.

El Dorado still maintained his connection to the earth
through dreams. After long years, he finally fed the dreams of
one man who would become obsessed with the city. In 1933,
Joseph Herlech, an archeologist, led an expedition into the
trackless jungles in search of the fabled lost city of gold. He
found it.

Herlech was unknowingly forging a path to the realm
through his own desires and will. When he finally entered the
lost valley, it was the first time in centuries that a new face was
seen in El Dorado. Through powerful magick and great sacri-
fice, El Dorado managed to slow the passage of time in his
realm. Nearly three centuries had passed on earth while only
thirty years had passed inside the Dorado Realm.

Herlech never left his newly discovered city, for El Dorado
could not allow the Technomancers to learn that their spell
had been breached. El Dorado's own spell was also destroyed by
the reconnection to earth; time passed again at the same rate
as the rest of the world.

El Dorado had been receiving visions of a dire future for the
rain forest, and he knew he had to live long enough to prevent
it. He put himself in a deep ageless sleep with the magical gold
dust he had used to coat his body. Now El Dorado sleeps. He
is using vast mental powers at his command to leave his body.
He roams the Amazon, reincarnating himself in the forms of

various animals and living entire lives in intimate contact with
Gaia.

He has learned more than he ever thought possible and has
grown substantially in power. He has never hesitated to be of |
aid when he was needed. The Black Furies who have served
him for generations have stayed with him in the Dorado |
Realm, protecting the sleeping mage and coming out into the
Umbra only when absolutely necessary, such as during their
raids to gather Kinfolk when the time for mating has come. »
The Furies of El Dorado were the cause of the original rumors
of Amazon warriors in South America. Many still dress as they
did in ages long gone, never realizing their attire is archaic.

El Dorado has visited the elders of the Garou in dreams, |
advising them of potential risks when he knew of them and |
warning them that their present course is detrimental to the |
jungles. While the Garou elders do not always agree with El §
Dorado, they understand that he has been very helpful inhis 4
ownright. They will doall that theycantoassisthiminhistime 4
of need. q

Sadly, El Dorado's time of need is now. The Wyrm's }
corruption has even managed to reach the South American 4
continent. Atahualpa, a Balam werecat who knew the loca- 1
tion of El Dorado, has been corrupted by the Wyrm. She has 4
told all she knows to Pentex. Pentex has plans for the vast
amounts of gold residing in the Dorado Realm. That is where 4
Samuel Haight and his First Team come into the story...

Theme

Greed is the theme of this story. Greed destroys the last 4
bastion of Amazon myth, shattering the remnants of a once 4
powerful city and a mage that served nature as surely asdothe
Garou. Greed finally brings about the end of a Golden Age.

Mood

The mood for "In Dreams and Nightmares" is desperation.
The Amazon is falling to Pentex, and one of the few truly
powerful allies of the Garou is about to be destroyed — unless
the pack can reach El Dorado in time.

The mood for the story is also vengeance. The Skinner has
returned, and a chance for retribution is at hand. But once
again, Samuel Haight is prepared for the Garou as few others §
could be. He has studied his enemies: he knows their weak-
nesses and knows how to hurt them psychologically as well as
physically. As many in the pack may want revenge on Samuel
Haight, he wants revenge against allGarou. He wasbormmere
Kinfolk, jealous of his brothers' Garou heritage. Make no J
mistakes, Samuel Haight is a twisted man, but he is also a very
brilliant one. He is as cold blooded a killer as the pack is likely
to meet.

A complete background for Samuel Haight is listed at the
end of this adventure. Players who have not met Haight
personally might still know pieces of the legend. A roll against
Intelligence + Occult roll might allow acharacter to recall bits 4
and pieces of Haight's methods and history. A Galliard might

74 Rage Across the Amazon


have heard a story or song detailing the Skinner's infamy. Ifall
else fails, a convenient non-player character assigned to the
pack could slowly reveal important details throughout the
adventure.

Scene One:

Down Behind The

Lines

» "Listen, I got information, see? I got information you could use
. to fry bigger fish than me."

- — Any bad guy in a bad situation:

The pack has been given the dubious honor of guarding
their caern's bawn. This is a duty fraught with danger. At any
time, a group of Pentex mercenaries could show up. Pentex has
recently taken to actively searching out the locations of caerns
in the area. The cost of their operations in the Amazon have

become preposterous. Barnaby Shadrack has demanded that
the search be made. The sept leaders were alerted of the danger

f when they intercepted a messenger with a note authorizing the

added expense of the operation.

The pack is soon engaged in a major skirmish with Pentex
| First Team Number 13. The First Team is comprised of five
¢ members and is only lightly armed right now. Their mission is
simply one of reconnaissance. However, even without heavy
| artillery, the First Team is not to be taken lightly. They do not
; know that they have been set up. Samuel Haight has had it
| with the political back-stabbing that the local Pentex leaders
have been engaged in. Back-stabbing would not bother Haight
f so much, but all of the knives have been pointed at him.

f One of the less subtle moves by the executive committee
was fueling a rivalry between Haight and Roland Thompson,
tthe head of First Team Number 13. Thompson has long been
accustomed to having things his way at the Pentex camp, but
| all that changed when Haight arrived. Haight has been given
: a great deal of bureaucratic run-around by the Executive
; Committee and has generally ignored Pentex's problems. The
{committee cannot understand why Haight has been promoted
* unduly in the ranks of the company, and they cannot condone
: the odd assortment of individuals Haight has brought with
' him. Just to ensure that Haight knows his place, they have
started conceding to his wishes, taking away the equipment
| and privileges that Thompson once had and giving them to

; him.

|  Theyhavealsomade certain that Thompson knows why his
F requests for equipment have been delayed. As faras Thompson
- cansee, Haight is behind all of his troubles of late. He has made
; certain that Haight understands his resentment. The original
} plans around the Pentex camp involved having First Team
: Number 13 go in search of El Dorado. With the help of Robert
f Allred, Haight has vetoed that move and taken on the task
: himself. In truth, Haight is far more qualified for the task of
f leading the assault on El Dorado, but that had little to do with
; his request for interference.

By taking the most important tasks assigned to the First
Teams for himself, Haight has left First Team 13 with the
dangerous task of scouting out the locations of the Amazon
caerns. Elliot Meiche, infuriated by Robert Allred's successful
takeover of the Amazon Project, has been playing a few games
of his own, including arranging for a message of authorization
to be "discovered" by the Garou. Meiche is doing his best to
assure the destruction of his would-be rival, and has insured
that Haight will have his chance at the powers of El Dorado —
with the Garou hot on his trail.

What Haight doesn't understand is how deep the rivalry is.
Thompson will do anything he can to make Haight look bad,
including selling out Pentex to assure Haight's defeat. At least
one member of the First Team should be captured. The
prisoner or prisoners will then attempt to barter information in
exchange for their lives. Whether or not the pack agrees to the
exchange is entirely up to the players, of course, but they should
at least be willing to listen.

The information to be exchanged is this: the First Team
member will offer to let the pack know about a planned assault
on El Dorado, a caern well-hidden in: the jungle. The plan is
not only to attack the caern, but to utterly destroy it and take
the gold that lies there. It is possible that the pack will not
believe the team member, pointing out that they have never
heard of the El Dorado caern. The team member will tell them
to send someone back to their camp and ask one of the local
Garou about El Dorado. He will go on to explain that there is

Chapter Four: Encounters 75


a heavily armed First Team on the way to El Dorado right now
assisted by vampires.

Whether the pack decides to let the remaining team
member live is entirely up to the players again. They should at
least consider whether the First Team member has seen the
caern, as well as a deciding whether killing the enemy in this
situation is honorable. The First Team member will probably
not be willing to talk about the assault until after the Garou
have promised safety. The question is, ultimately, which is
more important: the honor of the pack or the safety of the
caern. It's not really much of a choice: the safety of the caern
should come first. However, any member of the Children of
Gaia tribe that gives her word and then kills a Team Member
anyway will lose honor in the eyes of that tribe.

Should the pack decide to take their prisoner with them
back to their Battle Master, they may have an unpleasant
surprise on their hands. The First Team members are all
carrying radio tracking devices, and unless they have been
searched, the tracking devices will later lead a heavily armed
assault battalion straight to the caern.

The information the pack has received should be important
enough to call for a meeting with their Battle Master, Jurgen
Kreig. Kreig will take the information poorly, grumbling and
griping under his breath. He will finally decide that the
information is too important for him to vote on himself. Jurgen
will send the pack to talk with their War Chieftain, Dag
Hateful Hand. Dag also will be displeased with the informa-

tion, and he will in turn send the pack, along with asmall scout

pack, as quickly as possible to the Hollow Heart Caern. The
pack now gets a chance to see the Garou chain of command in
action as they are asked to tell their story repeatedly. At last
they are handed to the top authority, Golgol Fangs-First, the
High War Chieftain. Golgol Fangs-First will take the news as
poorly as the rest, but he will finally have something to say
about the entire affair.

"This is grave news. El Dorado has spoken to us in dreams,
and has offered to aid us when he is able. El Dorado must be
warned, but no Moon Bridge exists that can send you there."

The High War Chieftain will give the pack a map. The map
details the area where they are and shows the fastest, safest
route to El Dorado and to the Dorado Realm. "There is only
one way to El Dorado, and that is to follow this map. El Dorado
is removed from the rest of the world ina section of the Umbra
that is unreachable. But there isan opening, a single spot where
El Dorado can be entered. It is deep in the jungle, three days
travel from here.

"You must go to El Dorado and warn him of the assault. El
Dorado has protection in his realm, but it may not be enough
to stop Pentex, not without advanced warning."

In the event that there are no Black Furies in the pack, he
will hand them asmall fetish. The fetish simply allows the pack
toenter the Dorado Realm and not be attacked on sight by the
Black Furies that have made the realm their home. If there are
any Black Furies in the pack, the fetish will not be needed.


The pack is sent on their way with praise for the information
they have captured and the hope that the information came
soon enough.

First Team Yurnber 13
Sgt. Roland Thompson

Position: Team Leader

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 2 Firearms 4,
Melee 3, Leadership 4, Repair 2, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Com-
puter 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Politics 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 8

Weapons: H&K G3 (two clips silver ammo, 3 clips nor-
mal), survival knife

Image: Roland is a perfect straight man: he looks slightly
stupid and slack-faced, and he carries himself with an appalling
lack of bearing. In truth, he slumps slightly because he is always
very relaxed, a state of mind and body that works best when
performing the martial arts. He does not appear threatening

Roleplaying Notes: You don't much like or trust anyone
who is not a part of your Team. You have learned all too well
how easily those around you will try to stab you in the back. As
aresult, you have no hesitation to stab them first.

Background: Roland Thompson spent the majority of his
' life moving around the world from one military base to
another. His father was a career soldier and his mother kept
busy with half a dozen hobbies. By fourteen he had become a
perpetual problem child, joining in fights and bullying the
younger children. When the Allred Military Academy offered
totake the problem child in and teach him the error of his ways,
his parents readily agreed.

Thompson was trained by the best teachers money can buy
to be a killing machine. The Allred Academy is a division of
' Pentex that specializes in teaching the art of killing to children
that want to learn and, at the same time, teaches them how to
appear perfectly sane to the people they meet. On the few
occasions when Thompson came home to visit his parents,
they were stunned by the changes. He had gone from being a
disorganized, emotional mess to being a disciplined, clean-cut
and seemingly loving child. The day after his graduation from
the academy, Roland Thompson sabotaged the car his parents
had rented and waited to collect his inheritance. He has
worked for Pentex ever since and quickly became an efficient
First Team leader.

anya Woo

Position: Second in Command/ Demolitions Expert

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Subterfuge 4, Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Demolitions 5, Firearms 4,
Melee 3, Leadership 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enig-
mas 2, Medicine 4, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Resources 1

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Weapons: Glock-17 (one clip of silver ammo, two clips
normal), flare gun, several pounds of plastic explosive and
detonators.

Image: Tanya is a fairly stocky Oriental woman, very
muscular and just a little soft around the gut. Her hair is black
and starting to go gray. She will often flash a quick smile.

Roleplaying Notes: You are almost always smiling because
you are usually thinking about how lovely it will be to watch
everything around you burn. You are also just a little distracted
by the images you see in your mind, the images of things you've
burned in the past.

Background: The first time you smiled was when you set
your pesky brother on fire. The gag in his mouth kept him quiet
and the wire wrapped around his wrists and ankles kept him
from thrashing around too much. He should never have raped
you. Naturally the rest of the family had to go as well. They
would have told on you. You've been running ever since, but
now you get paid to burn things.

Abraxas

Position: Fomor Agent

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 4, Survival 2

Weapons: "Oh, none for me, thanks."

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium, Exoskeleton, Body-barbs,
Lashing Tail

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Health Levels: 0, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Image: Abraxas is huge. He stands just under 12 feet tall and
is almost as wide. His body is covered with a thick, horny hide
colored a glossy black and his face has just enough room for eyes
above the large beak that has replaced his mouth. Like an
insect, his skin is segmented, and he can squeeze into remark-
ably narrow regions and can pass between trees that are only a
few inches apart. Lately, a thick syrupy fluid has started leaking
from inside his body. No one has explained to him that he is
dying. He would be less willing to fight if he knew.

Chapter Four: Encounters 77


Roleplaying Notes: Don't talk; kill.

Background: Few people would believe that Abraxas is
only 16 years old. No one so young should be so enormous.
Abraxas decided to run away from home only last year, and,
unfortunately, he ran into a Wyrm-Hole in the process of
trying to find shelter from an approaching storm. The three
hours in that hole caused many changes in Abraxas, and he
would certainly have gone insane if not for his discovery by
Pentex. Pentex supplies Abraxas with food and a place to stay;
the First Team provides him with companionship.

The transformations that continue in Abraxas have re-
moved three levels of health permanently. He will be dead by
the end of the year if his metamorphosis continues.

Jack Sardis

Position: Heavy Artillery

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 3, Drive 4, Firearms 5, Melee 2,
Leadership 2, Repair 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Computer 3,
Politics 2, Science 4,

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Resources 1

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 6

Weapons: Two Colt .45's (one clip of silver ammo each, 6
clips normal).

Image: Balding and scarred, Jack has seen the results of
exploding artillery from less than two feet away. He has large
burn scars over about 80 percent of his body and a smile that
promises great pain to anyone who is an enemy.

Roleplaying Notes: Your only friends are the First Team
members with you at any given time. At the present time, you
only have two heavy handguns with silencers. You're feeling
quite naked without at least a mortar cannon.

Background: Jack came away from Vietnam with a perma-
nent attitude adjustment. He missed the sound of artillery so
much thathe decided the mercenary life was forhim. He's been
fighting ever since.

Scene Cwo: (Day One
(Gun Chrough h Che
Jungle)

"I love the smell of napalm in the morning. It smells like... .It

smells like victory!"
— Robert Duvall, Apocalypse Now

In this scene, the pack must trek through unfamiliar sec-
tions of the jungle in an attempt to beat the First Team to El
Dorado. The jungle here is heavy. with undergrowth. The
location is just right for hiding the first of Samuel Haight's
traps. After several hours of trekking through the woods, the

XN

78 Rage Across the Amazon


pack will run across a faint path where Haight's caravan of

supplies was carried through the undergrowth. A quick glimpse.

at the map will show that this path leads directly towards El
Dorado.

It is true that the some of the First Team and their supply
caravan have come this way, but only as a deliberate ploy to
drive the pack into pursuit. The only people that have actually
~ come this way are the Stragglers, a small group of local natives
(see below) hired to haul supplies and Samuel Haight. Haight
has been along to assist in the scouting of this area. He has
personally chosen the best areas for both placing traps and
hiding the Stragglers.

Any Garou with the Heightened Senses Gift has a decent
chance of recognizing the scent of Samuel Haight (Perception
+ Alertness, difficulty 8). If the scent is recognized (especially
if the character has met Samuel Haight in Valkenburg Founda-
tion ), the character will regain one Rage point automatically.

Haight believes in being prepared for any contingency, so
he has decided to lead any pursuing Garou from the true trail
he follows. Simply leading the Garou away is not enough.
Samuel Haight wants their skins; he needs to gather all the
Garou skins that he can for his own sick plans to create his own
tribe of Garou.

Following the path is sure to do two things: lead the pack
away from their actual target and lead them right into a field.
The trap is set up to maim and destroy as many of them as
possible. It will also let Haight know that the Garou are on his
trail.

Samuel Haight has prepared for the Garou, but because of
his own twisted sense of fair play, the traps that wait ahead are
not meant to be fatal. They are simply meant to slow the
pursuers down and "soften them up" for the Stragglers.

Following the path, or even skirting the surrounding area,
will lead the pack to a very thick area of dense growth; it is in
this area that the traps wait. A very obvious trail has been
hacked through here. Past the initial wall of growth, there are
carefully laid claymore mines about every two yards for the
next 20 yards. They are detonated by tripwires (roll Perception
+ Alertness, difficulty 9, to notice). To avoid an exploding
mine, roll Dexterity + Dodge against a difficulty of 9. Each
mine delivers seven levels of non-aggravated damage.

There are also a good number of Samuel Haight's patented
silver-coated throwing spikes. The spikes are set to fall from
concealed boxes hidden in the trees. Wires are on the ground
beneath the boxes (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 9 to
notice). When these are tripped, the contents of the box will
spill onto the Garou. Roll five dice against a difficulty of the
character's Dodge + 3; one spike hits per success scored. Each
spike that strikes a Garou does one level of aggravated damage,
but most of these should simply scatter over the area without
actually striking any of the pack. They are here to simply make
it harder for the pack to get through. If none of the pack has
recognized Samuel Haight is running things, and if they have

met with Haight before, they should have another chance to
recognize his work now.

In addition, Haight has set several simple snares in the area
made of stainless steel cord with silver wires carefully woven
into place. These require a Perception + Alertness roll, diffi-
culty 9, to detect. A Dexterity + Dodge roll, difficulty 8, is
required avoid one that has been triggered. There are only
three of these set. The cords will cause one level of aggravated
damage each turn they are in contact with a Garou's body. The

- easiest way to avoid damage is to simply shift into natural breed
' form, as silver then does no damage. Of course, the character

still may not be strong enough to break free. Cutting a cord
requires five levels of damage.

Haight's last surprise in the area actually comprises about 50
percent of the traps. Haight has placed what he calls "howlers"
throughout the area. Howlers donothingmore than cause loud
explosions followed by high pitched, piercing screeches. Those
with Heightened Senses active will effectively be deafened and
will likely go into a frenzy to escape the painful noise (the
chance to resist a frenzy is lowered by one for this roll). Of
course, going into a fox frenzy in a mine field can have messy
results.

There is little likelihood of any characters being killed here,
but there isa very real likelihood of being severely injured. Any
of the pack that is still frenzying will run across the final trap on
the other side of the dense growth: two Stragglers with assault
rifles are in the trees patiently waiting for the Garou to come
out. They will gain automatic initiative if any Garou come out
of the traps in a frenzy. The good news for the pack is that they
only have five silver bullets each. The bad news is that the two
Stragglers are sharpshooters.

Six successes at jumping are needed to reach the Stragglers
in the tree. There is a +2 difficulty to hit the Stragglers since
they are partially concealed in the trees.

Sharp Shooting Stragglers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Firearms 5, Melee 3, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4,
Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Weapons: H&K G3 (five silver bullets, four normal clips),
combat knife, Colt .45 auto (2 normal clips)

The Stragglers have been promised a bounty of $5,000 for
each Garou they bring back to Samuel Haight, provided the
pelts are mostly intact. Everybody needs extra money in these
times of inflation. These guys intend to bag as many Garou as
possible.

They are the only two surviving members of First Team 18.

Chapter Four: Encounters 79


Scene hree Day
(Meet Yew Frien wy yoo

Cause I got a name and I got a number

D've got a job.to do

I got a name and I got a number

and I'm comin' after you.

~~ Genesis, "I'm coming after you"

By this point, the pack should have a few wounds in need of
healing. Let the pack rest. When night comes, no lights will be
seen in the distance; what little light that exists comes from the
stars above and from the thin sliver of a crescent moon. The
nightis hardly restful, for there are odd sounds in the rain forest.
Distant screams and faint shrieks can be heard. Odd shadows
move through the deeper sections of the jungle.

When the morning comes, the jungle looks more oppres-
sive. The trees that surround the Garou are the same, but the
air feels heavier. The temperature is high enough to make
breathing difficult. Clouds cover the sky and promise to bring
rain in the near future. After the pack has marched for an hour
or so, the rain will begin. Lightning dances across the skies,
thunder shakes the ground and extremely heavy rains wash
from. the skies in a futile attempt to wash away the Wyrm's
growing corruption.

BRIDGES

Several hours of trudging through the mud and rain pass
before much of anything happens. There is a very real danger
of quicksand in the area, but the pack should have little trouble
pulling their friends from the thick quagmires. None of. the
spots with quicksand are large enough to grab more than one
Garou at a time.

As the sun is beginning to set at the end of the second day,
the pack meets up with the remaining Stragglers. Unlike the
previous Stragglers, this group is comprised entirely of fomori.
There are four in all, and their only desire is to destroy the pack.
While this group has been offered a substantial sum for intact
Garou pelts, they have also been cautioned by Haight that it
is more important to stop any Garou from breaking through;
nothing must prevent him from getting to El Dorado. The
Stragglers are almost fanatically loyal to Haight and will do
their very best to kill the Garou and leave the pelts intact.

The pack may not be strong enough to do battle with this
many fomori. Do nothesitate to have the Chimera switch sides
immediately or to simply reduce the number of fomori oppo-
nents. In either case, thescales should be fairly evenly balanced
between the fomori and the pack.

By the time the pack has finished with the fomori, the sun
has finished setting. Again, the Garou should find it necessary
to rest and recover. Throughout the battle, the rains continue
and lightning thrashes through the tortured skies.

80 Rage Across the Amazon


More Stragglers
Abigail Peabody, "CDrowner"

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 4,
Drive 1, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Performance
(Striptease) 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Linguistics 4 (Portuguese, Spanish, French, German), Medi-
cine 3 , Occult 2, Politics 2, Science 3 _

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 1

Powers: Infectious Touch, Plasmic Form, Immunity to
Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0 , Willpower 7

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (2 clips silver bullets, 2
regular clips)

Image: Abigail is surprisingly normal in appearance. She
has light brown hair and dark brown eyes. Her skin is oddly
pale.

Roleplaying Notes: There is nothing that delights you
more than watching a Garou slowly suffocate. Your standard
method of attack is to turn into your Plasmic Form and force
yourself down a Garou's throat. (This is a resisted roll of
Dexterity + Brawl versus the target's Stamina + Dodge; three
or more successes will successfully allow her to force herself
down the Garou's throat. Damage is equivalent to Abigail's
Strength and worksas suffocation or drowning in the Werewolf
tulebook. While this damage is not aggravated, the Garou
cannot heal the damage until successfully breaking away from
Abigail.)

When there are too many around to indulge in that simple
pleasure, transform into your Plasmic form and hit as many as
you can with your Infectious Touch. You laugh shrilly when-
ever you succeed in touching an opponent.

Background: Abigail was Kinfolk to the Garou, but she
never knew it. Her parents died in a car accident at an early age
and left her to go from one foster home to another. When she
reached the age of nineteen, Abigail had the misfortune to
attract the attention of an Odyssey research team when
volunteering for college experiments to pay her tuition. Odys-
sey has remade Abigail and explained to her that the Garouare
vile creatures that desire the death of all humans. Everything
that she has seen to date, including the dismemberment of her
original First'Team, has convinced her that Odyssey is correct.

Her original team was First Team Number 22.

Lance White, "Fatso"

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4, Melee 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 2,

Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Occult 1,
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2, Allies 2

Powers: Mega-Strength, Hide of the Wyrm, Mouth of the
Wyrm, Stomach Pumper

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 5

Weapons: Silver Axe

Image: Fatso lives up to his name and thensome. He weighs
just under 800 pounds and is buried in greasy, seeping flesh.
Lance's hair has fallen out and left open sores. His skin has
taken on a decidedly reddish tone with large purple streaks
from the stretch marks on his skin. Fatso's breath makes sewers
smell sweet in comparison.

Roleplaying Notes: Chuckle to yourself a lot, and swing at
your opponents with all of your might. If you succeed in killing
an opponent, dig in and chow down! Them Garou make
mighty good eatin'!

Background: Lance has always been heavy was always on
one diet plan or another. Then one day he found out about
Iliad and what he thought was a weight reduction program.
Oops!

His original team was First Team Number 36. Except for Eel,
the rest of the team was destroyed in a Garou engagement.

Charles Grammmercy, Eel"

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4,
Performance 3, Repair 1, Stealth 5, Survival 3, Enigmas 2,
Investigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 5,
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Powers: Extra Limbs, Body-barbs, Umbral Passage, Claws
and Fangs, Hide of the Wyrm

Rage 5, Gnosis 0, Willpower 9

Weapons: Why bother?

Image: Eel is extremely gaunt in appearance with sleek
black skin. His body is entirely hairless and his face rather
resembles that of an eel. Virtually every joint in his body has
spurs of bone erupting from the flesh. Most of these spurs leave
acrust of blue scabrous material where they have erupted. The
spurs are something new to Eel. He has yet to decide whether
he likes them.

Roleplaying Notes: You practically purr when youtalk, and
you like the way you look. You are extremely grateful to Pentex
and will gladly do anything for them.

Background: When the doctors told Charles Grammercy
he had only a few months to live he took it very poorly. Who
wouldn't? When the Iliad Project offered a slim chance of
recovery, a chance to beat the thrice-damned AIDS virus that
was destroying his body, Charles jumped at the chance. The
chemical stew he was injected with was incredible. His entire

Chapter Four: Encounters 81


body felt revitalized. It was less than a week later that more
serious changes started to occur. Charles is very grateful for the
second chance at life... even if the life is destined to be very
different from the one he once knew. Charles is willing to do
anything at all for Pentex. They saved him from his worst
nightmare: a slow agonizing death. Charles was always the type
of man who preferred the idea of "going out in a blaze of glory."

His original team, along with Fatso, was First Team Number 36.

Meeks

Race: Chimera

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5 , Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 6,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 5, Leadership 1 ,
Performance 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Investiga-
tion 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 5

Backgrounds: none

Powers: Shapeshifting, Extra Limbs (adds six dice to mul-
tiple attacks only), Claws and Fangs

Rage 0, Gnosis 2, Willpower 7

Weapons: Two large klaives. .

Image: Meeks has chosen to be female and normally shows
itself as an attractive woman with long blond hair and blue
eyes.

Roleplaying Notes: Picka target carefully, find the one that
looks most injured amongst your enemies and shape yourself to
the exact image. Apologize profusely for what you are about to
do, for it hurts you to kill Garou;they have always been friendly
to you in the past. This job bothers you, for you have always
liked Garou, but the only way to get your mate back is to assist
in the Pentex battle for the Amazon. If you ever find Robert
Allred on the street, he is a dead man.

Under no circumstances will you harm a follower of the
Chimera! Meeks will attempt, using facial expressions, to
explain that she wishes no harm. If the tides have turned
against the Garou, she will beg the Garou she attacks to play
"pos: SUI im"

Background: Meeks does not like Pentex. She simply has
no choice in what she is doing. If a Garou were to offer
assistance, she would switch sides immediately, asshe has come
to think of the Garou as honorable. There is no honor in
Pentex, only pain. Meeks believes her mate is held by Robert
Allred and feels she has no choice but to assist Pentex in their
schemes. In truth, it is Elliot Meiche who held her poor mate
Tobora, but he has long since destroyed him in an attempt to
gain information about the Chimera race.

Arthur Barrister

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 0,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 1,
Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 5, Leadership 4, Performance 1,
Repair 4, Stealth 4, Survival 1, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4

Powers: Eyes of the Wyrm, Webbing, Roar of the Wyrm,
Immunity to Delirium, Lashing Tail

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic

Image: His slimy skin is covered with pus-filled blisters. Of
the four Team members, Arthur Barrister looks the most like
acreature of the Wyrm. He has no legs and his long tail slithers
across the ground. His eyes are always wide open and his mouth
is filled with cilia instead of teeth.

Roleplaying Notes: Kill, Kill, Kill!

Background: Arthur Barrister was born the illegitimate son
of Robert Allred, who didn't like the idea of illegitimate
children or lawsuits very much. Allred had both the newborn
and his mother captured by a First Team and personally
delivered to Iliad. Poor Arthur has been in the hands of Pentex
for the last fifteen years. Only Samuel Haight and the other
fomori have ever shown him kindness without squirming at
the thought.

He was a member of First Team Number 55, destroyed

during a Garou assault.
Chree

Scene Four: (D
(Hardships Untold And
(Dangers Unnumbered)

Thought it was a nightmare

Lord, it was so true

Here come the don't know walkin' slow

Devil's on the loose

Better run through-the jungle...

~—— Credence Clearwater Revival, "Run Through
The Jungle"

The first light of the moming is virtually non-existent. The
storm clouds have darkened. The only hint of sunrise is a pale
circle of light trying in vain to break through the clouds. The
rains are now. so severe that the leaves of the trees are bent
down by the crushing weight of the falling water.

In the far distance, the Garou can hear a roaring rushing
sound. A small creek has now become a raging river. Even the
water-soaked trees are only dark silhouettes in the furious
torrent of rain. Occasionally, the entire sky is briefly lit by blasts
of lightning that stretch from horizon to horizon.

82 Rage Across the Amazon


The map that the pack carries is wet, but readable. The path
the pack has followed this far is gone. The only option is to
trudge on. Gaia is maddened with pain and, in the deep
untouched jungles, Gaia's pain is a very real danger. After only
a few hundred yards, the pack will notice that the sound of the
river is coming closer. The river will be visible soon.

The flood waters have lifted the river well beyond the banks
normally here; trees have become submerged in the raging
waters, and rapidly dying Glade Spirits can be seen in the
depths of the trees that are lifted and hurled aside by the foam

crested waters.

Any Garou brave or foolish enough to attempt swimming
across the river must make no less than five successes on a
Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 7) for every 10 feet he
crosses. The river is 50 feet across at its narrowest. A failure will
have the Garou dragged by the waters for at least a mile, and
a betch will result in the unfortunate Garou being struck by
high speed debris and knocked senseless for two turns. Should
the Garou have more than two consecutive botches, she will
be knocked unconscious by the repeated impacts.

Ifthere isno rope, the Garou may feel that there is no choice
but to force a tree down and use it as a bridge. The trees are
certainly tall enough here, but the feat of crossing the tree
without falling into the river below wil] require a Dexterity +
Athletics roll (difficulty 7). Well equipped Garou may also
attempt to attach ropes to the trees to use as anchors. If the
Garou are this sensible, then their difficulty is reduced to 5. If
acharacter falls, refer to the Werewolf rulebook (page 196) for
rules on drowning.

The pack will likely be substantially delayed by the unex-
pected river. Beyond the river itself, the ground starts to slowly
climb upwards. The ground is not steep, but five accumulated
successes on an extended Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty
7) is required to successfully climb up the water slicked hills. A
failure will result in a slip and tumble to the foot of the hills,
causing another delay in reaching El Dorado. A botch will send
the character rolling and tumbling all the way down to the
river where the unfortunate Garou must again climb from the
waters and trek up the hill. The pack should be reminded that
somewhere ahead of them, Samuel Haight and his First Team
are also struggling to get to El Dorado.

Beyond the hills, there is a sheer cliff face, dropping down
into a deep valley. It is here that El Dorado once existed in the
physical world. The face of the cliff has many minute cracks
and crevices. A good climber should have little difficulty in
getting down the cliff on a clear sunny day. Today is anything
but sunny. Between the winds in excess of 30 miles an hourand
the torrential rainfall, the slick stone wall might as well be oiled
glass.

The cliffs face is extremely steep and drops for over 200 feet.
Climbing down will require a cumulative total of 20 successes
on a Dexterity + Athletics roll at a difficulty of 8. For each
success, the character has successfully lowered 10 feet. A botch
at any time means that the character has slipped and fallen.
Roll one die of damage for every 10 feet that the character falls.
This is normal damage and may be soaked. Again, characters

C

Sy

pter Four: Encounters 83


who have brought a substantial length of rope with them
should be just fine; the difficulty for descending is then reduced
to 5.

The valley spans across a substantial area and looks rather
like a crater from above. The forest is closely packed in the
valley. In the distance, towards the center of the valley, a
column of stone is visible. From the valley's floor the stone is
no longer visible, blocked from view by the trees of the forest.
According to the map, this stone is the pack's destination.

After descending (or falling) into the valley, the pack has
one more obstacle, a Bastet of the Balam tribe. Ballengash is
not used to Garou, save for the occasional Black Fury passing
through his territory very politely. He will be extremely
displeased by any Garou bearing a bad attitude. Ballengash
holds the entire valley as his Den-Realm and has done so for
the last 15 years.

Should the pack contain any members of the Black Fury
tribe or show Ballengash their Black Fury fetish, he will let
them pass through his territory. Should the pack be offensive
in any way, especially if they are contemptuous, Ballengash
will make their livesa living hell. Samuel Haight has managed
to slip past the Balam while he was busy in his Den-Realm.
Ballengash knows that someone passed through earlier, but
does not who it was.

Garou attempting to pass into the Umbra will find a
substantial barrier in their way (Gauntlet 7). Again, the Garou
shouldbe civil or they will find themselves harried by Ballengash.
Social skills will be far more useful than combat abilities. If the
pack is civil, Ballengash will lead them directly to El Dorado's
Realm. If the pack is offensive, Ballengash will step into his
Den-Realm and skip about the characters, making sudden
sneak attacks while drawing them slowly away from their
target (roll Ballengash's Manipulation + Enigmas versus the
Wits + Enigmas of the characters to succeed in misleading the
pack).

If Ballengash decides to lead the pack away from the Dorado
Realm's entrance, he will attempt to get them hopelessly lost.
If he succeeds, he will then leave them alone, keeping a
watchful eye. If he fails, he will start using guerrilla warfare
tactics and his superior knowledge of the area. As the Den-
Realm is directly linked to the Dorado Realm, Ballengash also
has easy access to a large supply of silver and, if blatantly
attacked, he will retaliate with silver tipped spears.

Ballengash is extremely defensive about his territory and
will fight to the death against a pack that causes him grief. If the
pack actually takes the time to simply discuss their problem
with Ballengash, he will aid them in any way possible. Ballengash
considers El Dorado to be his friend and will gladly fight to
protect the mage.

Ballengash

Tribe: Balam

Age: 32

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 1, Animal Ken 3, Melee 3, Leadership 2, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 5, Survival 5, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Medicine 3, Occult 5, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Den-Realm 3, Resources 5 (El Dorado's
gold, which he constantly "borrows").

Gifts: Beastmind, Trackless Waste, Catfeet, Razor Claws,
Blur of the Milky Eye, Lick Wounds, Eyes of the Cat, Sense of
the Prey, Taking the Forgotten, Shriek, Walking Between
Worlds

Rank: 4

Rage 6, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7

Rites: Taghairm Rite, Rite of Claiming, Rite of Binding,
Rite of the Fetish, The Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Bastet Klaive, Sanctuary Chimes

Image: In Homid form, Ballengash is dark skinned with
long straight black hair and greenish-gold eyes. He dresses in
a traditional style, with a ceremonial kilt and a long feather
decorated cloak. The clothes have been chosen just in case
anyone important will visit. While he would never admit it, he
thinks of the Garou as important visitors to his area. He wears
an omate headdress made of cloth, woven with gold and
adorned with feathers. In the center of the headdress is a gold
jaguar's head.

In Crinos form, Ballengash is just over eight feet tall with
light brown fur. The sun has bleached his fur in some places.

Roleplaying Notes: You will wait to be formally addressed
by the Garou. This is only proper. They are entering your
territory and should request permission. You will not speak
unless spoken to, and you love to stare at the Garou intently.
You like it when the Garou are nervous. Always smile before
answering questions and always snarl when insulted.

Background: Ballengash has always lived in this valley. He
has left only once, and even then, he returned as quickly as he
could. He knows the precise location of El Dorado and has
been to the Dorado Realm on numerous occasions. The Black
Furies respect him and could not care less about the gold he
pilfers from time to time. The gold is everywhere in the Dorado
Realm and is effectively useless to the Furies.

84 Rage Across the Amazon


a hia re

Scene Five:
Lost Or Won, The Race

Js Done

With or without the assistance of Ballengash, the pack
finally reaches entrance to the Dorado Realm. The Dorado
Realm is well hidden and would normally require years to find.
This is because the passage to the Realm is hidden fifteen feet
off the floor of the valley on the side of the stone column. It
appears as a hole in the stone.

The column is only 40 feet tall. The vast majority of the
stone is entwined in vines, making it'seem like any of the other
countless trees unless a Perception + Alertness roll is made
against a difficulty of 6. The entrance to El Dorado's Realm is
only open at night. It can only be reached by climbing the side
of the column facing Luna. Even on nights where there is no
moon, the passage is there, just harder to find.

The Dorado Realm

The entrance to the Realm opensa mere foot anda halfinto
the stone column. The Dorado Realm is extremely large-
several times larger than the entire area of the valley . It is
nighttime in the Dorado Realm as well, but there are no storm
clouds. The air is sweet with the distant smell of cinnamon.
The air is drier ¢ 1d cooler by at least 15 degrees. The pack will

a. El. Dorado. .Square
(see : detail map)
b. Agricultural. Terraces

find themselves standing on a shelf of stone. A hundred yards
from the entrance is a great, gaping chasm that reaches a long
way towards the horizon on both sides.

Far to the left (the north), there is a primordial jungle with
trees that are almost impossibly tall. It is from this direction
that the wind carries the scent of cinnamon. Still a good
distance away to the right (the south), but closer than the
jungle, there is an immense lake. There is apparently no end to
this lake. It goes on forever, as if the pack were staring at the
ocean. Directly across the chasm is El Dorado, a good quarter
mile or more away. It is a clear night, and the city is bathed in
moonlight.

Next to this picture of idyllic paradise is one of horror. Two
dead Garou corpses lie nearby in pools of their own blood.
There skins have been removed. The victims are Black Furies
from the El Dorado Sept of Gold.

If the characters have met Haight before (Valkenburg Foun-
dation), and still haven't recognized his scent or actions, they
will definitely recognize who they are up against now. If the
team has never met with Haight previously, then they should
be allowed a Intelligence + Occult roll at a difficulty of 8 to
recognize the trademark work of the Skinner. It is safe to
assume that even if the pack has never met with Samuel Haight
before, they would have a substantial chance of having heard
of the fiend's actions.

All members of the pack gain an automatic point of Rage.
This isa heinous crime. Any Black Fury will gain an automatic

Chapter Four: Encounters

85


three Rage points. In the far distance, well beyond the gaping
chasm, sounds of gunfire and howls of pain can be heard.
The pack must now find a way across the chasm. On the
near side, a bridge can be seen hanging downwards, cut at the
far end by Haight after crossing. The pack can either run the
mile and a half to the deep forest, or run to the edge of Lake
Parima, halfa mile away, swimming a good mile orso until they

can reach solid land. Either way, they will be substantially
delayed.

The Chasm

The chasm before Dorado is immense, easily a thousand or
more yards across. The chasm has grown steadily over the
centuries, the only sign of instability in the Dorado Realm. The
shifting into the Umbra of so large a mass caused minor flaws
in the land transported. The chasm exists as a result of these
flaws and a bridge has existed almost since the time of the
original shifting.

The chasm is quite literally bottomless. Any foolish enough
to attempt scaling down one side will enter a different section
of the Umbra. There is no way to return from a fall into the
chasm. There is only one entrance into the Dorado Realm. A
character who falls or climbs down into the chasm would have
to physically walk back to the main entrance of the Dorado
Realm, a trek that would take months.

The Chasm has grown so large now that a waterfall on the
same scale as Niagara Falls now exists where Lake Parima pours
into the Chasm. Being in the Umbra, Parima is constantly
renewed and in no danger of ever draining. There has never
been a need to halt the water's descent.

Swimming Lake Parima

Should the pack attempt to swim Lake Parima in an attempt
to get to the actual city of Dorado, they may have a few nasty
surprises on their hands. A powerful undertow pulls towards
the chasm. If the pack attempts to simply dive in and start
swimming, they will find that the undertow is easily as strong
as the river they encountered before (extended action of four
rolls: Strength + Athletics or Swimming, difficulty 7; 15
successes to clear the shortest distance between the two
shores). A botch means the difficulty increases to 9 as the
character is pulled into a even stronger section of the under-
tow. A second botch means increasing the difficulty to 10,
while a third botch means that the character has gone over the
edge of the chasm. Three successes on a subsequent Strength
+ Athletics roll, difficulty 8, will allow the character to catch
herself on the edge of the chasm and climb back up. She would
then have to start all over again.

If the pack tries "dog-paddling" at the surface of the lake, the
difficulty is only a5 (for those in Lupus form, itisa4). Ifthe pack
once again uses a life saving rope by tying themselves into a
chain, they can make the trek across with no serious risk. The
minimum time to run the required half mile and swim the
necessary distance is 30 minutes.

86 Rage Across the Amazon


The Forest of El Dorado

The forest of El Dorado is not just a jungle, it is a jungle in
the Umbra. Long ago, when this section of the jungle was
simply a part of Earth, the oddities that still reside here were
known to all. The Technomancers who mapped El Dorado
and his city out of existence also mapped the denizens of these
woods out of existence as well. There is only one place left for
these creatures- the Realm of El Dorado.

Should the Garou ask for help from the oddities, they will
teceive assistance. Should they ignore them, the oddities will
return the favor. Should the pack foolishly decide to attack,
this will also be returned in kind.

Other creatures can be seen in the jungles. Reptilian beasts
scurry away when anything approaches. Boars as large as
economy cars lumber in the distance. Strange monkeys with
snakelike fangs watch from the trees. All of them will keep
their distance from the Garou.

The trip through the jungle is relatively harmless and will
take 30 to 40 minutes without assistance. The Ewaipanoma
- know short cuts to the city and could get them there in ten
minutes.

Ewaipanoma - The Headless Men

The Ewaipanoma are "Headless Men," an unusual tribe of
beings that has long been extinct in the material world, wiped
out by the Wyrm-corrupted Europeans. These Europeans
called them "Acephali," naming them from their own ancient
legends. They feared them as cannibals and savages. While it
is true that they are primarily meat eaters, they are hardly
cannibals. They are only savage in their fighting techniques.
Few Ewaipanoma remain in El Dorado and, in truth, are hardly
"headless." Their faces are simply located in the center of their
chests.

Living strictly in these woods, having little contact with
humans or Garou, the Ewaipanoma are almost painfully shy.
This does not, however, stop them from hunting down the
gigantic boars that roam the woods, and it certainly does not
stop them from protecting themselves.

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 5,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Animal Ken 4,
Melee 5, Stealth 3, Survival 5, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 3,
Occult 2 —

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (El Dorado)

Powers: The Ewaipanoma may be considered to have the
equivalent of Rage only for the purpose of gaining extra
actions. They do not frenzy.

Rage 3, Gnosis 1, Willpower 5

Weapons: The headless men have no natural weaponry,
but they carry long spears with silver tips.

Image: The Ewaipanoma are heavily muscled and gargan-
tuan, standing just over 12 feet tall. The Ewaipanoma's thick

skin is dark brown and textured like bark. While the headless
men are not in any way Wyrm-corrupted, it is always possible
that, spotted one at a time, the pack may think that they are
fomori. If attacked, the Ewaipanoma will call for assistance
from its people and fight to the death. The headless men give
and ask no quarter.

Roleplaying Notes: Never turn your back on the enemy
and never surrender. If you are treated civil, you will welcome
anyone you meet as a friend. Long association with the Black
Furies has left you with the ability to understand and even
speak with the Garou. El Dorado is your friend and protector,
and you would die for him. ,

Scene Six:
The Fall of El Dorado

She cried to the southern winds

About a love that was sure to end

Every dream in her heart was gone

Heading for a showdown...

— Electric Light Orchestra, "Showdown"

At first glimpse, the city of El Dorado is a miraculous sight.
Buildings of marble and gold stand proudly against the night
sky and torches light streets that are quite literally lined with
gold. The amount of gold in the city of El Dorado could easily
destroy the market price of gold irrevocably. Tons upon tons of
gold can be seen here.

Upon closer inspection, the pack can see where large
portions of the city have now fallen into disrepair. Buildings
have been deserted for years and are slowly being reclaimed by
the forest. Atone time, the area where the pack meets with the
Ewaipanoma was the edge of the city. Now, unless they have
the help of the Headless Men, the area looks like nothing more
than steep, inaccessible hills. In truth, there is a short-cut, but
the chances of the pack locating the path are extremely slim
(Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 10 with a minimum of
three successes required).

Unless the pack was successful in beating Samuel Haight to
El Dorado, they will come across devastation on a level that is
physically repellent. Coming into the actual city, they will find
the bodies of 30 or so Native Amazonian Kinfolk, all merci-
lessly shot down or simply torn apart by the First Team.
Scattered among the remains of the Kinfolk, three Garou
corpses can be found. Each Black Fury corpse has been meticu-
lously skinned.

For once, though, things look a little advantageous to the
pack. There are three First Team members out here as well, all
quite dead. There is no sign of anyone else. If the Ewaipanoma
or Ballengash have joined the pack, they can point the way to
where El Dorado lies sleeping. Otherwise, the Garou will have
to try locating the mage inside the remains of the city.

Even without help, though, the pack should have little
difficulty in locating El Dorado: the sounds of battle lead
deeper into the city proper, as do the signs of devastation.

Chapter Four: Encounters 87


Halfway to El Dorado's resting place, two Black Furies are
fighting savagely against members of Haight's First Team. The
Black Furies have already been injured. These First Teamers
have a surprising amount of silver ammunition, much more
than is typical for the Pentex troops. A great deal of that
ammunition has already been spent.

Four First Team members are hiding nearby. They are the
remains of First Team Number 69. Consider all members of the
First Team to be down two Health Levels; the Black Furies are |
down four levels each. If the pack does not assist the Black
Furies, they will be dead soon. This has been a bloody battle, |
and the Black Furies have definitely lived up to their tribal
name.

The Black Fury Amazons:
Klymtra and Alestro

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Galliard and Ahroun

—— Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-

oT A | risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Aor

; one A Intelligence 3; Wits 4
ce EO La Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Archery 5,

~~ Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimida-
tion 4, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1,
Melee 5 (spears), Leadership 2, Stealth 2, Survival 4,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 4, Occult 4, Ritu-
als 3

Weapons: Bow and Arrows (silver), silver tipped spears

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Pure Breed 2, Resources 5

Gifts: Klymtra: Smell of Man, Beast Speech, Heightened
Senses, Distractions, Sense of the Prey, Visceral Agony; Alestro:
Persuasion, Razor Claws, Sense Wynm, Sense Silver, Staredown,
Coup de Grace

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Image: The Black Furies of the Dorado Realm are as
traditional as any to be found. Even in Homid form they wear
very little clothing. They are almost entirely South American
in appearance, a result of breeding with the natives of the
Amazon.

S "FCO

cea he

~

Roleplaying Notes: Under normal circumstances, these
are not very outgoing Garou. Under the present circum-
stances, they are grateful to any who are of assistance and busy
tearing apart anything that gets in their way.
Background: The Black Furies of the Sept of Gold have
been living in the Dorado Realm for centuries, leaving only
when low on good breeding stock to mate with. If the natives
of the closest villages could be convinced to talk, they would
tell stories of the demons that came in the night and stole their
men or simply forced themselves on them before leaving. The
Kinfolk in El Dorado are almost entirely the victims of pillag-
ing in local villages and are — or were — quite content with
their lives. They have been treated very well, although they are
still second-class citizens. These Furies are the basis for the

88 Rage Across the Amazon


legendary Amazon warriors of lore, and their ancestors were
responsible for the deaths of many of the Conquistadors of old.

When the time came for El Dorado to rest and learn the
ways of Gaia, the Black Furies of the Amazon vowed to protect
him in return for the assistance he had given countless times
in the past. This is a vow they have always kept.

If the characters aid the Furies and survive, they will plead
with the pack to rush to the inner square to save El Dorado
before it is too late.

First Team Number 69
Anthony Blakemoor

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Drive 3, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Investigation 2,
Medicine 3 , Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3

Powers: Infectious Touch, Eyes of the Wyrm, Immunity to
Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0 , Willpower 7

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (2 clips silver bullets, 2
regular clips), two silver knives.

Image: Anthony is covered with blisters. Upon contact, the
rapidly growing blisters crack and spill infection upon any who
come in touch them. His face is so blistered that only one eye
opens properly.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a non-stop flurry of foul
language. Insult the heritage of everyone you fight.

Background: Some people have all the luck; you've had
none of it. If you'd thought a little blackmail on the side would
cause you this much trouble, you'd just have given Elliot
Meiche back his collection of private video tapes instead of
trying to sell them.

Cerry Williamson
Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Cha-

risma 0, Manipulation 0 Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 1, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Powers: Mega-Strength, Exoskeleton, Body-barbs

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Weapons: None

Chapter Four: Encounters 89


Image: Terry is completely covered by a thick bony hide
covered with spikes.

Roleplaying Notes: Most of Terry's mind was destroyed a
long time ago, but she still knows how to fight, so she is still
useful. Smile broadly, drool and take your best shot at anything
your teammate tells you to destroy.

Background: When your father was dismissed from Pentex,
you made itastrong point to go after the bastard that cost daddy
his job. You should have never slapped Danforth Stern in the
face, and youcertainly should have made certain his bodyguard
fomori weren't present. If you could remember any of this,
you'd probably still be pissed off about the whole thing.

(Danny Danderhooten

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Melee 4, Stealth 5, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Occult 1,
Politics 3, Web-Making 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3

Powers: Tail, Claws and Fangs, Webbing, Berserker

Rage 5, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: Silver studded club.

Image: Danny's body has changed to the point where he
rather resembles a large black scorpion standing on its hind
legs. His skin looks deceptively hard and is only as tough as
normal flesh.

Roleplaying Notes: You have the annoying tendency of
trying to sing victoriously in battle. Sadly, your vocal cords no
longer function properly, so all anyone hears is a series of
grunts.

Background: Hey, all Danny was trying to do was get a
medication that would finally cure his terminal case of acne,
okay? It's not his fault! Just ask him, he'll do his best to tell you.

Dwayne Billingsley

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 3,
Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 5, Leadership 4, Performance 1,
Repair 4, Stealth 4, Survival 1, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3

Powers: Fangs and Claws, Roar of the Wyrm, Immunity to
Delirium, Extra Limbs

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (1 clip silver, 2 clips regular),
Rocket Launcher (now empty).

Image: Dwayne has dark gray skin and seven extra limbs
that resemble crab arms growing from his elbows. His face has

twelve tiny orbs in a perfect circle growing over the cavern he
calls his mouth.
Roleplaying Notes: Grab 'em, bite 'em, eat 'em.
Background: Dwayne learned a important lesson too late
in his life: never volunteer to be a guinea pig in place of a life-
time spent in prison. Dwayne is brought to you courtesy of the
fine people at the Iliad Project.

At The Gates

The pack will likely be kept occupied for some time while
helping the Black Furies, but when the fighting is done, there
will be little time for anything beyond a nod of thanks. There
is still Samuel Haight to deal with and, once again, Haight has
a few tricks up his sleeve.

The run to El Dorado's square is short, only a few hundred
yards, but the pack soon discovers that Samuel Haight is not
alone. Samuel Haight has a tendency to draw the twisted and
lonely to his side, and it seldom takes him long to win their
loyalty. Standing outside of El Dorado's square are two vam-
pires, one more fomori, and a Garou. They stand in front of a
set of closed doors, and they are ready to do bloody combat to
the death. The worst part of this, aside from the combat, is that
one of the Leeches might look very familiar if the pack helped
in the war against the Leeches in Under A Blood Red Moon.

One of the Leeches is Mary Johnson, a 10-year old Kinfolk
of the Garou who was Embraced by Sabbat and believed
destroyed in Chicago. The other vampire is Mary's first at-

<Aniazon Quarters
8. Main Square

90 Rage Across the Amazon


tempt at Embracing another (she's still quite new at it). The
fomori makes most of those the pack has faced so far look down-
right petite. The Garou is a poor soul who has been corrupted
by a fomori and is easily mistaken for a Black Spiral Dancer.

All but Owl Eyes, the Garou, will attack the pack immedi-
ately. The pack and the Black Furies have a fight on their
hands. Mary Johnson will immediately attack any Garou she
recognizes from Chicago. She will scream accusations and
condemnations at the top of her lungs and start firing. She will
give them no chance to apologize or explain why they mur-
dered her family. If she does not recognize a member of the
pack, killing the closest Lupine will just have to do.

Mary Johnson

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 5, Firearms 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 4, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Allies 5

Disciplines: Fortitude 3, Presence 2, Dominate 1, Vicissi-
tude 1 (allows her to make minor alterations in her appearance
or mimic the voice of another; full details are in The Sabbat
Players Guide).

Path of Enlightenment: none

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self Control 3, Courage 5

Willpower 10

Blood Pool: 10/1

Weapons: A serious case of guilt (to be thrown immediately
at any Garou she has met in the past), an H&K G3 assault rifle,
two full silver clips and a very bad attitude.

Image: Mary is a cute little moppet with curly blond hair,
pretty blue eyes and an adorable pout that hides her sizable
fangs. Mary is also cut in several places from the damage done
to her by the Garou when they believed they had killed her.
Most of the serious damage is gone, but the surface wounds are
still there. Every day when Mary sleeps she has horrible
nightmares about how her Kinfolk came into the house and
killed her. They killed her family, too. Each day when she
awakens, the wounds are back. Today she has not gotten
around to curing them.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate Garou! They came into your
house, they assaulted your family and tore them apart just
because they were different. You know what Samuel Haight
told you was right: they were resentful of your family gaining
power, because with the power that you and Sam have, the
Garou can no longer consider you as second class citizens.
Well, here's your chance to blow the bastards to Kingdom
Come. Start firing away, just like Samuel taught you to.

Background: If you have Under A Blood Red Moon, you
already know about Mary Johnson, but just to be safe, here it
goes: Mary was a 10-year old Kinfolk of the Garou when the
war for Chicago was fought. She and her family allowed a
Garou pack (the player characters) to stay with them and after
a few days were attacked by a Sabbat pack and Embraced.

When the Garou came back to the house, they found that the
entire family (except for a few missing and dead members) had
become Leeches.

The chances are good that the pack killed the Kinfolk on
sight, but even if they did not, other Garou certainly would
have. In either case, Mary was believed dead when she wasn't.
She managed to crawl away as the Garou were starting to
dispose of the bodies. Having heard discussions about Pentex,
she even managed to make her way to one of the Pentex offices
in the weeks that followed.

Finding a young Sabbat vampire who wanted assistance,
Robert Allred was all too eager to help. Allred has promised
assistance in her training in exchange for Mary's loyalty to
Pentex, and Mary has agreed. Having seen her family torn to
shreds by Garou, Mary has developed a perverse hatred for all
Garou. Then she met Samuel Haight. Haight has told Mary
the truth about what he is, and Mary has come to look upon
Haight with a sense of awe that borders on religious fervor.
Mary will do anything for Samuel Haight, anything at all.

Richard Justice, "Juicer"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2,

Chapter Four: Encounters 91


Firearms 4, Melee 4, Leadership 2, Repair 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Computer 3, Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3

Disciplines: Fortitude 1

Weapons: H&K G3 assault rifle with no bullets left.

Path of Enlightenment: none

Conscience 1, Self Control 4, Courage 5

Willpower 6

Blood Pool: 10/1

Image: Richard is stili wearing his shredded Pentex uni-
form. Despite his current lack of wounds, his clothes are still
wet with his fresh blood. He has dark curly hair, gray eyes and
big fangs in a very hungry looking mouth.

Roleplaying Notes: Until just a few minutes ago, you were
dying, torn apart by one of those freaky bears with the big claws.
Now you feel just fine- damn good in fact. It was that little girl's
blood in your mouth that did it. But man, are you hungry.
Maybe if you tackled one of the big guys coming your way you
could drink him dry. Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.

Background: Richard got himself torn apart in the fighting
just minutes ago. Samuel decided it would be sweet of Mary to
give him the Embrace and even made sure that she licked his
wounds first. He lost a lot of blood, and right now he's seconds
away from a feeding frenzy.

(Dominic King

Attributes: Strength 9, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge 4, Leadership 3,
Survival 5, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3

Powers: Mindblock and Sense Magic (both function as the
Garou Gifts), Hand of the Earth Lord, Body-barbs, Mega-
Strength, Infectious Touch, Exoskeleton, Extra Limbs, Eyes of
the Wyrm

Rage 0, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Image: Dominic looks like a praying mantis seen under the
influence of mind altering drugs. He is just under seven feet tall
and has a red chitinous hide with six small arms all ending in
pincers or giant serrated blades.

Roleplaying Notes: You adore Samuel Haight; you would
die for Samuel Haight. Mostly, you will kill and skin Garou for
Samuel Haight. After all, if not for him, you wouldn't even be
here.

Background: Once upon a time, Dominic King worked for
the Nolan Harker Mining and Transportation Company. He
knew Samuel very well; they talked often about what they were
going todowith their lives. Dominic heard all about the Garou
and the plans that Samuel had for them. Samuel even offered
to let Dominic in on the plans once he had enough skins, but
fate took the opportunity away from him. When the two of
them were inspecting one of the company's mines, fate opted

instead to have Dominic fall into a shaft that shouldn't have
been there.

Samuel Haight risked great personal injury topull Dominic's
broken body from the Wyrm Hole. Then he pulled few strings
to ensure that Project Jliad came up with a way to save
Dominic. The metamorphosis hurt, but when he had finally
clawed his way out of the cocoon his body had built, he was a
glorious killing machine. Samuel even took the whole thing
one step further and made sure that Project Odyssey knew of
Dominic's unique mental talents. Now Dominic is a fighting
machine in more ways than one.

Owl Eyes Bane Snatcher

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Uktena

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 3, Performance 2, Stealth 4, Survival 2, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 3, Occult 5,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 4, Kinfolk 3, Allies 3, Resources 2

Gifts: Spirit Speech, Sense Magic, Sense Wyrm, Burrow,
Curse of Hatred, Sight from Beyond, Spirit of the Fish, Spirit
of the Bird

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 10,000, Wisdom 20,000, Honor 14,000

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Ritual of the Questing Stone,
Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite
of Binding, Rite of Becoming, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of
the Fetish

Image: Owl Eyes is covered in patchy fur and has one
ridiculously short arm. His furless sections of flesh are rapidly
being covered over with hard callused scales, and the stench of
the Wyrm is oozing from him. His eyes are maddened with the
fight to retain control, a fight that he is rapidly losing.

Roleplaying Notes: The damnable voices won't leave you
alone! You are Garou, you must honor Gaia, but the voices
keep telling you otherwise. You will not attack the Garou, and
if they should attack you, you will thank them and bare your
throat. You want the suffering to end.

Background: Owl Eyes Bane-Snatcher always suffered for
being born a metis. He had hoped that coming down to the
Amazon and gaining glory would change that. So far, ithas not.
When Owl Eyes found the Conquistador's Sword, he knew he
was doing well. When he saw Samuel Haight, he knew that
there would soon be much renown for the killing of the
Skinner. Samuel Haight beat him to the ground and knocked

him unconscious.

92 Rage Across the Amazon


When he awoke, Haight thanked him forthe Conquistador's
Sword and left Owl Eye's bound body to the gentle ministra-
tions of Dominic King. That was three weeks ago. The Wyrm
has started eating away at the Garou's soul. He could feel the
changes occurring in his body, but he has lacked the courage
to just kill himself outright. He will gladly let the pack end his
suffering. Whether he can still stay his hand in combat is
debatable. The Wyrm's corruption has spread through his
body. He is barely capable of keeping control and has been
using sheer Willpower to keep himself on Gaia's path.

Che Chambers

If the pack has allied themselves with Ballengash, the
Ewaipanoma or the Chimera, they will likely be in fairly good
shape by the end of this battle. If the pack has opted to go it
alone, there isa pretty good chance that they are suffering from
heavy damages by the time this battle is finished. Either way
there is still one final task: Samuel Haight must be stopped
from killing El Dorado.

The next obstacle is a set of heavy gold doors. These doors
are closed and have been barricaded from the inside. Opening
these doors will require a Strength of 15. More than one person
is needed to push these doors open. A Willpower roll to force
these doors would be at a difficulty of 9.

Once inside the main room of El Dorado's lair, there is much
to see. Three Black Furies lay heavily wounded. They have
joined hands and are concentrating. These three Furies are
older than any of the warriors the pack has seen so far. They are
concentrating on summoning Wyld Spirits. All three have
been wounded beyond the point of fighting, and trails of blood
can be seen where two of them have crawled' over to the
weakest of the three.

The entire room is covered in gold and precious gems. In the
very center of the room is El Dorado himself, struggling for his
life against Samuel Haight. El Dorado has just awakened. He
is fatigued by his sudden trip back in to his own body and is still
disoriented. Confusion and pain can be seen on his face, even
through the protective golden dust that covers his body.
Haight is taking full advantage of the situation.

As the pack enters the room and finally sees the reason for
their quest, Samuel Haight thrusts the Conquistador's Sword
deep into El Dorado's heart. The mage and Haight are both
briefly covered in a corona of energy. As the energy fades, El
Dorado slumps forward. El Dorado is dead.

The energies continue to surround Samuel Haight. He grins
triumphantly until the Conquistador's Sword in his massive
hands shatters into tiny fragments. His glee quickly switches to
shock and then to fury.

At this point, it is very likely that the pack will attempt to
attack Samuel Haight, but they will be too late again. Haight
is attacked instead by the three Wyld Spirits that have been
summoned by the Black Fury elders. Even as the pack ad-
vances, three whirling maelstroms erupt around Haight, lifting
him into the air and devouring him. Haight can be seen

through the rushing maelstrom of the spirit's bodies, briefly
surrounded by strange energies before he is torn apart.

A Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 10, will allow an
observer to see that, in truth, Haight has used his fetish,
Shedding the Spirit's Skin, to reform in another part of the
Umbra. Do not let the pack members have a roll to see this
unless the players state that they are looking closely to see what
is happening to Haight. Samuel Haight should not be captured
by the pack, nor should he be destroyed by the pack, for he will
return again in future stories.

The Wyld Spirits continue whirling through the room in
the opposite direction, leaving a path open to see if El Dorado
isstill alive. He is, but the blow was fatal. He will mumble under
his breath, speaking in Incan. Everyone will be able to under-
stand his words inside their minds. "It is over... My reign... I
now fly with eagles. .." El Dorado dies coughing blood from his
ruptured lungs.

Scene Seven:
Condusions and
Catastrophes

And now my bitter hands

Shake beneath the clouds

Of what was everything.

— Pearl Jam, "Black"

As El Dorado dies, so dies the magic that has held the
Dorado Realm stable in the Umbra. The realm has long been
surrounded by spirits of the Wyld, attracted and held in the
area by the Rites of the Black Furies over the centuries. Those
spirits now move in, claiming the realm for their own.

The spirits do not assault the realm, but age it out of
existence. The city begins to crumble. The strange and beau-
tiful creatures that have existed here for centuries start to
shrivel and wither until they are dust in a matter of seconds.
The great jungles grow larger and larger, rapidly growing over
the tops of buildings and rising through the streets and build-
ings of El Dorado. The few remaining Kinfolk, hidden in the
huts that were their homes, scream in dismay as their world falls
apart. The Black Furies will attempt to save the Kinfolk, as will
Ballengash if he is present. The pack's help would naturally be
highly appreciated.

The Black Furies lead their Kin to the widening chasm. One
of the Black Fury elders, although wounded, uses her Wings of
Pegasus Gift and flies to the dangling end of the cut rope bridge.
She flies it back to the edge, where another elder uses her
Reshape Object Gift to mend it. They then quickly file
everyone across into Ballengash's Den-Realm. From there,
they return to Earth.

As the pack and survivors step out of the Dorado Realm, the
waters of Lake Parima can be seen swallowing the lands of El
Dorado, taking everything that the mage had preserved into
their depths. The once clear skies are filled with multicolored
clouds and dancing explosions of lightning. The realm is gone.

Chapter Four: Encounters 93


Unknown to all but the most perceptive, Samuel Haight
was not destroyed in the attack by the Wyld Spirits. He used
his fetish to throw himself into the Umbra. There is absolutely
no chance that the pack could locate him, even if they tried.
Haight could literally be anywhere at all in the Umbra. The
Conquistador's Sword has been destroyed, and the knowledge
that Haight desired has been destroyed with it. In truth, the
sword was never meant to contain the knowledge of one as
powerful as El Dorado, but the fetish has granted Samuel
Haight rudimentary knowledge in several Spheres of Power.
Haight now understands the ways of the mages and the
principles involved in using magick. What he will do with this
knowledge remains to be seen in his next adventure...

As for El Dorado himself, only the Black Furies know his
secret. They will not reveal that he is still alive, living reincar-
nated in the body of an eagle as he has done for the last few
decades, He is living the dreams of Gaia. He is no longer what
he was, for he is now part of Gaia's preater reality, living as one
with the animal totems. Perhaps he will return one day, but it
is unlikely.

Samuel Haight

I want it all,

I want it all,

IT want it all,

And I want it now!

— Queen, "I Want It All"

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Outcast — he thinks of himself as the first of the
Skin-Dancer tribe.

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
tisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Leadership 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 5, Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Resources 5

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Inspiration, Curse
of Aeolus, Visceral Agony, Thieving Talons of the Magpie;
Bane Protector, Wyrm Hide, Blood Omen.

The first six Gifts were taken from Garou; last three Gifts
were from Black Spiral Dancers (see Book of the Wyrm). Most
Gifts were gained by using the Conquistador's Sword.

Thaumaturgy: Samuel Haight knowsseveral Thaumaturgic
paths and rituals, most of which can be found in Vampire: The
Masquerade: Movementof Mind 3, Lure ofFlames 2, Weather
Control 2, Spirit Thaumaturgy 1. He also knows the following
rites: the Ritual of Sacred Rebirth (see below), Donning the
Mask of Shadows, Puissant Shield, and Ward against Lupine
(he's still a bit leery of trying that last one, just in case).

Fetishes: Shedding the Spirit Skin (Level 5, Gnosis 7; this
bizarre necklace is actually a mummified snake painted with
bizarre runes. Samuel took it from a Black Spiral Dancer he
killed a while back. It allows the wearer to Reform in the
Umbra as if he were a spirit. The area he Reforms in is random
and normally linked to an area under the dominion of the

The Conquistador's Sword (Level 6, Gnosis 6; This is a
powerful artifact that has only recently come into Samuel
Haight's possession. This sword was created centuries ago by
the Technomancers as a way of assisting Pedro de Ursua in his
attempts to map Amazonia. No one had counted on one of the
mage's subordinates, Lope de Aguirre, to start a mutiny.
Aguirre was later beheaded by the troops sent by
Technomancers, but the Conquistador's Sword was never
found until it was located recently by an Uktena Garou, Owl
Eyes-Bane Snatcher. Owl Eyes Bane-Snatcher, a metis, was
trying to win respect from his fellow troops and, in locating the
sword, opened his heart to the Wyrm. Haight has since
"liberated" the powerful fetish and learned how it works.
Effectively, the Conquistador's Sword will steal the memories
of anyone it kills and take any paths of power into itself. The
paths of power can then be learned by the bearer of the sword,
rather like the Thieving Talons of the Magpie, but on a
permanent basis. Haight has now used this powerful fetish
against several opponents and has learned several powerful
Gifts. He plans to use the Conquistador's Sword against El
Dorado to learn the powers of the mage).

94 Rage Across the Amazon


ticle ated Si area aia ieee ean

Image: Samuel Haight is a middle aged man with hazel eyes
and pure white hair. Haight is in excellent physical condition.
In all his forms, Haight will maintain a white coat.

Roleplaying Notes: You have learned so much since your
rebirth. You have always been a schemer, but you now realize
that you were a novice. There is still so much to learn, so many
ways you can shape the world to the way you want. You hate
all Garou, and you will gladly kill them all. You will spare the
Kinforlk, saving them from their hideous lives as Kinfolk.

Never step into a direct confrontation when you are out-
numbered; that would be foolish. You have so much to correct,
so much to change, and your work has only just begun. If you
can kill El Dorado with the Conquistador' s Sword, you can
control the powers at his command!

Background: Samuel Haight was a Kinfolk of the Garou,
but Haight was never satisfied with just being Kinfolk. He
wanted all the powers that the Garou possess. Haight's father
and his cousins, the Carney Brothers, had known the glory of
being Garou, and Samuel Haight resented this. Haight tried
many times to gain his father's respect in other ways, but was
always something of a disappointment to his father.

Samuel Haight liveda life of near-successes: he almost made

it as a professional football star, but his knee was ruined; he

almost made it to the top of his class in college, but there were
others who studied more; he almost made it into medical
school ona full scholarship... but there were always obstacles
that Samuel Haight could not quite surpass.

Samuel finally found something that he was truly good at:
hunting. Sam hunted big game the world over, stalking and
killing every type of dangerous prey that could be imagined. At
thesame time, Samuel Haight started learning about the world
away from other Kinfolk. He uncovered secrets of the other
supernatural powers that existed. Samuel's fascination with
the occult even led him into battle with a vampire of the
Tremere clan, a vampire he assaulted and eventually managed
tokill. Samuel drank the vampire's blood when he left, having
learned in his travels that the blood of vampires was healing
and life-extending. He also took all the vampire's books of
magic and, through trial and error, he started teaching himself
the dark art of Thaumaturgy.

As Samuel Haight traveled the world, learning more of the
Thaumaturgic arts and hunting more and more exotic crea-
tures. He found a ritual that changed his life. The Ritual of
Sacred Rebirth, found in the possession of a dark cult in India,
taught Samuel that he could take control of all aspects of his
life. With the ritual, Samuel Haight could become a Garou
himself — ifhe was willing to pay the price. Samuel Haight had
to have the skins of five Garou to change himself. It took years
of effort, but Samuel finally achieved his goal only a short time
ago using the skins of lunatic Garou from the Valkenburg
Foundation.

With these skins of slaughtered Garou, Samuel Haight
enacted the ritual to become a werewolf himself. But, in the
process, he became a pawn of the Wyrm. Chased by other
Garou, Samuel Haight used his powerful fetish, Shedding the
Spirit Skin, and escaped into the Umbra. While he had

Chapter Four: Encounters

95


escaped his pursuers, he could not escape the results of his own
pride. Samuel saw that his actions had made a Wyrm-hole of
hishome and that he himself was horribly corrupt: Hecouldno
longer hide the magnitude of his actions from himself.

The shock of seeing the Banes attracted by his actions and
the sheer magnitude of how far he had fallen from the ways of
the Garou temporarily drove Samuel Haight insane. He used
his fetish again and disappeared far into the Umbra. There he
found the lair of Ischen, a powerful Wyrm minion. The
creature desired a way back to the material plane and felt that
Samuel Haight's fetish was a perfect way to ensure its escape.
The unintentional intervention of several Sabbat vampires
foiled the creature's attempts, allowing Samuel Haight to
escape back into the material world. (See the Sabbat Storyteller's
Handbook.)

Samuel Haight had long worked for Pentex before his
"rebirth" and saw no reason not to return to his previous
employers upon coming home. He soon attracted the atten-
tion of Robert Allred, one of the Pentex Board of Directors.
Like Haight, Allred was a Kinfolk of the Garou who grew tired
of being considered a second class citizen by some of the more
arrogant Garou. He saw a kindred spirit in Samuel Haight and
was very impressed by what Haight had managed to achieve.
The two men soon became, ifnot good friends, then comrades-
in-arms. Haight has promised to use the Ritual of Sacred
Rebirth on Allred, turning him into Garou as well. He needs
Garou pelts, and so Allred has sent him to the Amazon with
carte blanche, desperate for the promise of power Haight holds.

But Haight is not being hasty in living up to his promise, for he
knows that it is the only bargaining tool he holds. He plans to
hold it as long as possible.

There are many more among the Kinfolk that loathe the
Garou, resenting everything the Garou believe and all that has
been denied them by the whim of fate. Allred and Haight have
already set plans in motion for creating a tribe of their own: a
tribe of "Skin-Dancers" to liberate the Kinfolk and destroy the
Garou.

While in the Amazon, Samuel Haight has met with several
problems. The local heads of Pentex have grown resentful of
the power effectively given to Haight by Allred and the
amount of authority this newcomer has been granted. Even
more, they resent Haight havingaccess toso muchsilver; while
the rest of the First Teams have to cut through wave after wave
of bureaucratic red tape, Haight has been using his connec-
tions in the mining operations of Pentex to get all the silver he
could possibly need. Haight was the Director of Operations for
a division of Pentex, the Nolan-Harker Mining and Transpor-
tation Company, for over five years before he used the Ritual
of Sacred Rebirth on himself. As a result of his time in a
position of some authority, Samuel became good friends with
several of the more important people in the mining divisions
of Pentex. His connections include Harold & Harold, the
company in direct charge of issuing silver ammunition to the
troops in the Amazon assault.

The local heads of Pentex have deliberately done all that
they could to delay shipments of equipment to Haight and to

96 Rage Across the Amazon


insure that the troops he is given are some of the weakest. Many
of the stragglers left over from devastated First Teams were
essentially handed over to Haight to make his life more
complicated. What none of the executives counted on was
Haight's powerful charismatic affect on all of the Stragglers
and on Mary Johnson. Most of them have come to look at
Haight as a sort of messiah, a messenger of the new ways. Mary
Johnson, also a Kinfolk before her embrace by vampires, looks
at Haight as she would a father, having been orphaned even

before the war for Chicago. Haight has had no hesitation in
manipulating those feelings to his own end, constantly taking
Mary's blood to restock his dwindling supplies — all the while
being careful of the Blood Bond — and supporting Mary in her
efforts to learn more about her vampiric powers. Most of the
Stragglers would die for Haight, convinced that he would
manage to even bring them back from the dead.

While Samuel was locked in Ischen's domain, he learned
several new tricks from his host. He has also learned several
new Gifts from Robert Allred. He has continued to drink the
blood of Leeches, slowing his aging substantially and adding to
his own natural strength.

Chapter Four: Encounters 97


Sere SS

WS

—


The war in the Amazon is fought on three levels: conven-
tional, tribal and spiritual. The following isa list of statistics for
weapons used in the conflict. Storytellers are urged to expand
this list as they see fit, although it should be noted that some
weapons would not be used often due to their gross destructive
power or high visibility. It would not be wise for Pentex to shell
a known Garou stronghold with a battery of howitzers — this
would bring about unwanted attention for all those involved
and would not make for good press.

These are the conventional weapons that are most likely to
be in use on both sides of the Amazon conflict. The Storyteller
may use any of the other weapons found on the chart in this
chapter, but discretion is advised. This is a secret war that
neither side wishes to publicize. The integrity of the Veil must
remain intact and Pentex has no desire for the world to
discover and understand its sinister plots.

Archaic Weapons

There are many tribal weapons the Garou use in the
Amazon in addition to conventional weaponry. Among these
are the typical spears, clubs, bows and slings detailed in the

Werewolf Players Guide. Another weapon used often in the
Amazon is the blowgun.

Blowgun

This weapon fires a sharp projectile propelled by breathing
through a slender tube. The damage is minimal, so the projec-
tile is dipped in poison. The most common poison employed

is curare (see Poisons), which causes muscle paralysis and quick
death.

Use of a blowgun requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll
against a difficulty of 8. The range is generally 20 yards,
although extremely long blowguns will increase this distance.

Fetish Weapons

The war in the Amazon is a sacred conflict to the Garou.
The horrors committed in the South American jungles epito-
mize everything that the Garou have dedicated themselves to
prevent. The battle is indeed a warning of the Apocalypse.

Each of the Thirteen Tribes has a weapon it holds sacred, a
weapon of such legendary power that it has become a symbol
of the tribe and its ways. For many generations, these weapons
were not used in conflict, but were instead under the protec-
tion of a guardian appointed by the owning tribe. The war has
changed this. Today, these weapons are wielded with rage and
vengeance in the Amazon, both as a powerful means to put a
stop.to the onslaught of the enemy and as asymbol of pride and
history for the individual tribes.

These weapons are usually entrusted to the elder warrior of
each tribe. This Garou has earned the right to wield such a
weapon for further glory of the tribe. A description of each of
the sacred tribal weapons follows.

Among these weapons are swords, bows, slings, staves,
daggers and spears. Many of these weapons have spiritual
properties at the discretion of the storyteller. The use of spirits

Appendix One: Weapons 99


has become a subject of great debate in the Amazon conflict as
it has begun to upset the spiritual balance of the entire area.

Black Furies

Axe of the Matriarch: The Black Furies created this
weapon to be a symbol of feminine power and authority. It is
a six foot long, two-handed axe with roses carved along the
entire length of the haft.

When wielded in combat by a Black Fury, the axe screams
a blood-curdling cry as it cuts the air. It silences upon impact.
The axe steals virility from its male victims to feed its wielder:
for every point of damage inflicted (not soaked), the victim
loses a dot of Strength. This Strength is added to the wielder's
Willpower points for the duration of the battle. The damage
delivered by this weapon is also aggravated.

Needless to say, men quake in fear when this weapon is on

the field.
@one Gnawers

The Bone Gnawers have no special weapon in this war.
They are a tribe of misfits, vagabonds and rejects who have
never possessed a weapon of glory. This by no means makes
them a useless ally in the war. Since the conflict began, the
Bone Gnawers have been collecting and hoarding weapons of
all makes and designs to be used by their Tribe and its allies.
One never knows what a Bone Gnawer in the Amazon will
turn up with next.

Children of Gaia

The Children have no special weapon in the war, for they
are here to promote peace. Instead, they have one of their
greatest fetishes with them.

Chalice of Renewal: This ancient golden cup shines with
the glow of the sun. It is said to have once contained the tears
Gaia wept for Her children, the dead young cubs who were
raised again by Her to become the Children of Gaia. For one
night only, once every third new moon, the cup is mysteriously
filled with salty water. Any who drink a draught of this water
are instantly cured of any physical wounds or diseases. This is
a minor power compared with the true purpose of the chalice.
The drinker will also experience a delirious night where she is
gifted with a vision from Gaia Herself.

This vision can take any form, and the Storyteller is
encouraged to add details of the character's life to the visions,
but the following traits always appear in a vision of renewal: a
sense of overwhelming loss, as if the drinker was a mother
looking upon her dead children; a sense of renewed hope as the
sun dawns in the east and spreads warmth to the world; and a
sense of joyous victory as life returns to the world, as if the
drinker herself caused the life to grow by will alone. These are
the experiences of Gaia from long ago.

The drinker will awaken from his delirium upon the dawn
and will possess one point of True Faith in Gaia. The character
will be able to call upon this Faith to turn vampires (see
Vampire: The Masquerade) and may sometimes be granted

100

miracles. The Vampire supplement Hunters Hunted has details
on using True Faith. Gaia's miracles will all be nature oriented.
Fianna

Sword of Fionn: This is the most prized possession of the
Fianna. Stories are told about the sword being used by Fionn
MacCumhal, legendary Garou Kinfolk. Fionn was a heto of
Eire and pursued many adventures with his mercenary band,
the Fianna, who took their name from this Garou tribe.

Legend holds that when this blade is used in battle, it
summons the spirits of not only Fionn MacCumhal, but all
those who fought by his side, to join in the fray once more.
When the blade is unsheathed, the surrounding area comes
alive with hundreds of shadows. They will constantly mock
and torment all the enemies of the Fianna and their allies.

These shadowy warriors will fight for the Fianna, mirroring
the actions of the present warriors. Add two dice to each
Fianna's attack Pool and subtract two from each opponent's
Dice Pools due to the distraction. Many enemies have been
known to flee the battlefield to escape the spectres, their minds
unable to cope with such a sight.

The sword also adds four dice to all damage rolls due to its
keen edge and well-balanced weight.

Get of Fenris

Fist of Thor: This is a spiked steel gauntlet. Each link is
beautifully engraved with scenes of a wolf pack hunting a stag

Rage Across the Amazon


under the light of a full moon. Ic is said that Thor himself was
inspired by the courage and bloodthirst of Jorgen Fists-of-
Thunder, the legendary Get of Fenris warrior, and rewarded
him with this gauntlet.

When used in battle, the Fist of Thor delivers four extra dice
of damage for every successful attack and the Clap of Thunder
Gift. This thunder is heard with every blow struck.

Glass Walkers

Laying Down the Law: This is a regular looking L.A.W.
rocket. There is a major difference, however, between the
legendary weapon and its normal cousins: a spirit of judicious
vengeance inhabits this technological wonder. It never runs
out of rockets nor does it need to be reloaded — just aim and
fire. Each rocket will seek out an enemy deserving of its
judgment. The punishment is detonation. Use the regular
statistics for a L.A.W. rocket (see Heavy Weapons, below),
except with a bonus of three dice to the attack Pool. If it is
aimed at an innocent (usually a non- Wyrm being), the rocket
will veer off and hit the closest guilty parry — which could be
the user!

Red Talons

The Red Talons have no "weapon" in the war, but instead
possess a powerful spirit ally. This being takes the form of a
tattoo engraved upon the greatest hero of the tribe. If the hero
dies, the tattoo disapears from her body and reappears on the
next rightful heir. The spirit is from a primordial realm of raw
nature and is a vicious predator known simply as the Hunter.
It lends its bearer an extra four dice to tracking Dice Pools, two
dice to Stealth (stalking), three dice to Intimidation and two
dice to Rake and Bite manuevers.

Shadow Lords

The Black Bow: This bow was created by the Shadow Lords
as a weapon of assassination. Its sole purpose is to eliminate its
intended victim quietly and unerringly. The bow and stringare
completely black. The bow is made of unknown wood of the
smoothest texture.

This weapon always strikes it target, although it does no
extra damage. The Black Bow is the favored weapon on many
of the Garou's search and destroy missions through the Ama-

zon jungles and also a means of eliminating specific Pentex
officials.

Silent Striders

The Whispering Crystal: This crystal ball was given to the
Silent Striders by their Gypsy Kinfolk back in the dark
reccesses of time. It appears to be a very plain crystal ball. Looks
are deceiving.

When employed, the Whispering Crystal becomes a pow-
erful tool for determining future events. Its user can see so
clearly into the future as to point out troop strengths, weaponry
used by opposing forces and the location of ambushes. This
vision extends about 24 hours into the future. There is a dark

Appendix One: Weapons

side to this artifact. Because it cansee so clearly what is tocome,
those who look into the crystal will see who is to live and who
is to die in the futue. Because of this, it is widely feared by other
tribes and holds an ominous reputation even among the Silent
Striders themselves.

Silver Fangs

Sceptre of the Impergium: This beautifully ornate sceptre,
intricately carved with scenes of an old world forest, is a
weapon of power for the Silver Fangs. This rod is rumored to
be truly ancient, a relic of the Impergium. It is typically carried
by the high marshall of a Silver Fang war party.

When this weapon is used on an enemy, the effects are the
same as the Delirium against one of human kind, except that
everyone is affected with a minus two modifier on the effects
chart (see pg. 201 of Werewolf). This effect extends to all
creatures — none are immune. This weapon is just as effective
when used against a Bane spirit as it is against a Pentex
employee. The sceptre affects all enemies within a 25 foot
radius.

The Children of Gaia warn against the use of this weapon,
for they claim it is cursed. They say the Delerium is a curse
against the Garou for the arrogance of their actions during the
Impergium; this sceptre represents that curse, and to still use it
will bring doom upon the Garou.

The Sceptre of the Delirium is approximately five feet in
length with a circumference of about four inches. It is capped
by a dull gray spiked ball similar to the head of a mace.

Stargazers

Orb of the Umbra: This Stargazer artifact has been consid-
ered a blessing by other tribes when it has been used in battle.
The item is perfectly spherical with no blemishes. It constantly
draws and reflects even the faintest ambient light around it; the
internal colors are constantly in flux.

When this item is brought into use, it acts as a portal to the
Umbra, forcibly drawing in all Bane spirits within a 50 foot
radius. All Banes within this area of effect must make a
successful Gnosis resistance roll to avoid this fate. Those Banes
who are unsuccessful are unable to return to the battlefield.

Uktena

Wand of Ashes: This artifact of the Uktena is a potent
bringer of flame. It was created for the express purpose of
destroying Kindred and has succeeded brilliantly. It is rumored
that the wand was forged from the lava fires of Mount Vesuvius
as it destroyed Pompeii.

The Wand of Ashes delivers a gout of flame and inflicts two
wounds with a difficulty of 8 to resist. The only restriction is
line-of-sight. The Storyteller should be warned: the Wand of
Ashes can be just as deadly to Garou as it is to Kindred.

The wand appears as a gnarled and charred piece of wood
about 15 inches in length with no special markings of any kind.

101


Wendigo

Buffalo Spear: This Wendigo artifact was created long
before the white man ever discovered the new world and has
been the symbol of Wendigo pride for generations. The Buffalo
Spear is nearly six feet in length with a broad, blunt head and
a shaft wrapped entirely in buffalo hides. The spear is very
heavy, but not unwieldy.

When thrown, the Buffalo Spear nearly always strikes its
intended target. The wielder receives five extra dice to her
attack Pool. When this weapon hits an enemy, it does two
extra dice of damage due to its weight. The weapon is primi-
tive, but formidable, not unlike the Wendigo themselves.

Black Spiral Dancers

Spiral Boomerang: These black, intricately-carved boo-
merangs are forged in the Pit of Malfeas by twisted metis Black
Spiral weaponsmiths. These are horrible weapons indeed, for
each one is the home of one to ten Banes waiting patiently for
their time to come.

When a Garou is struck by a Spiral Boomerang, she is
"pushed" sideways into the Umbra unless a successful Gnosis
resistance roll is made. Once in the Umbra, the Banes are
released from the weapon and instantly attack the Garou
victim. If the Garou is victorious, she may step out of the
Umbra at will; if not, the Banes will carry the bested Garou
wartiot to whatever black depths of the Umbra the Bane

considers home. This could mean a quick death — or slow
torture. Justifyibly, this weapon is feared by all Garou.

Silver Weaponry

Pentex has fought werewolves many times before and is
ready for an extended conflict with the furry beasts. Harold &
Harold Mining is responsible for most Pentex silver reserves.
Mining operations all over the world dig up silver for shipping
to the Amazon. In addition, Pentex's various subsidiary com-
panies buy silver in the world's market, always careful that the
massive purchases can never be traced to one company.

The DFG HQ has extensive handloading facilities where
silver is made into bullets and handed out to troops. The HQ
also has a group of silversmiths who can make sturdy silver
coated knives. These are handed out as standard issue. The
silver is first melted into forms designed to get past most
customs barriers: tent poles of silver that look like aluminum,
hurricane fencing, andso on; all these items would be expected
in a jungle compound. Shipments are transported to the port
in Manaus, where they are stored in warehouses until they can
be secretly transported to the HQ.

Pentex, like many companies, often strangles itself in red
tape. The First Teams have to fight to get the proper ammuni-
tion requisition. Bribery and favors influence the supply clerks.
Any First Teamer who loses his knife in the jungle could wait
months before he is issued another.

So far, the teams have been provided with enough to keep
them alive, but they cannot accomplish too much without the
valuable silver. Instead, Pentex is pumping up funding on
Project Iliad to provide troops with proper "natural" weaponry
that does not require costly shipping.

Guns
Heavy Pistols

M1911: A mainstay ofthe U.S. Army for years, this gun was
replaced in 1985, but many are still in use. It is also a popular
model in civilian markets.

Desert Eagle .50 AE: This huge pistol has found little
acceptance among those who would really use it in combat, but
it is still popular with armchair soldiers. Made in Israel, this
pistol has great stoppirig power and can also be found in .357
and .44 magnum calibers.

Submachine Guns

Ingram MAC-10: Perhaps one of the easiest weapons in
the world to operate and maintain, the MAC-10 has found a
place in the hearts of everyone from terrorists to housewives.
The MAC-10 fires a standard 9mm round and its light weight
and concealibility make it even more endearing.

Uzi 9mm: The most common submachinegun on the
market today, the Uzi is widely accepted and easy to acquire.
Yet another in the family of weapons that fire the common

Rage Across the Amazon

er eee

Firearms Chart

Name
Heavy Pistols

Caliber Difficulty

50AE

Desert Eagle
Submachine Guns

Heckler & Koch MP-5 *

Assault Rifles

ump-Action Shotguns

12 gauge

SPAS 12

USAS 12 12 gauge 7
Difficulty: The difficulty to hit a target at close range.
Damage: The base damage done on a successful hit.
Capacity: The number of bullets the gun can hold.

be hidden on one's person.

* indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts

Rate: The maximum number of bullets a gun can fire in a turn.

Concealment: P = can be hidden ina pocket; J = can be hidden in a jacket; T = can be hidden ina trenchcoat; N = cannot

Range: Maximum range is double this listing, but anything above the listed range is considered a long-range shot.

Damage Rate Clip Conceal Range

30

/ 20

9mm round, it can be found in any walk of life, especially
criminal lives, earning it a spot in many nightly news broad-
casts.

Heckler & Koch MP-5: This popular German-made
submachine gun isa mainstay ofSWAT teams, counterterrorist
forces like England's SAS and even some U.S. Special Opera-
tions troops. The MP-5 is arguably the best SMG currently on
the open market, known for its reliability and fast handling.
There is also a more concealable model — the MP-5K.

This weapon of choice is probably one of the most trustwor-
thy and well constructed weapons on the market although,
along with many other automatic weapons, it is banned in the
United States. This 9mm submachinegun isa trusted friend to
many European counter-terrorist groups due to its fast action
and unerring reliability.

Thompson M1928: The Thompson M1928 is the classic
Tommy gun of gangster movie fame. It is an especially heavy
submachine gun, and becomes even heavier with the addition
of its well-known 100-round drum.

Appendix One: Weapons

Assault Rifles

M-16A1, M-16A2: This 5.56mm weapon is used by many
military groups around the world and is the mainstay of the
U.S. Army. The M-16A1 is a lightweight and dependable
combat rifle which can used as an automatic or semi-automatic
weapon with the flick of a switch. It is also constructed so that
an M203 40mm grenade launcher can be mounted on the
underside of the barrel. The M-16A2 is much the same, with
the exception that it is only capable of a three-round burst and,
due to the barrel construction, is unable to support the grenade
launcher.

M203: This rifle-mounted grenade launcher fires a 40mm
round to a maximum effective range of 450 meters. The
munitions available for this weapon vary greatly and include
high explosive, incendiary and shotgun rounds, as well as
various riot gases. It is a very effective weapon for use against
unarmored vehicles and small troop units.

103


AK-47: The AK-47 is quite common in Third World
countries and is now becoming popular in the United States.
Once the main weapon of the Soviet Union, it was replaced by
the AK-74.

Heckler and Koch G3: A state-of-the-art combat rifle.
This German made assault rifle is a favorite of special opera-
tions groups and anti-terrorist forces around the world. Using
astandard Nato 7.62mm round, it is versatile, reliable and easy
to maintain.

Shotguns

Ithica M37: This shotgun is a mainstay of anti-drug units
and riot control squads. Its 12 gauge format makes it quite
formidable. The weapon is quite concealable in the stakeout
version: the stock is removed to make room fora pistol grip and
the barrel is shortened considerably.

Fianchi Law 12: This Italian-made shotgun is very expen-
sive and generally comes with intricate detail work to make it
look more attractive.

SPAS-12: A military weapon, the SPAS-12 has been
adopted in Europe.

Remington 1100: This American-made shotgun is popular
with both hunters and police in the United States.

USAS 12: The USAS isa full-auto shotgun. Its appearance
is that of a very large M-16. Now being purchased by SWAT
teams inside the United States, it was tested by Special Forces
during the invasion of Panama.

Ammunition

A wide variety of ammunition is available to all who use
firearms, but the differences between most types are usually
quite minor. The exceptions to this rule follow.

Armor-pierang

Armor-piercing or "cop-killer" bullets gained infamy in the
1980s, and these deadly little fellows are still prevalent. The
most famous type is the so-called Teflon-coated bullet, but this
is by no means the only one. Hardened steel and tungsten
carbide also have their uses. These bullets donot have the same
sort of impact area that regular slugs do. Armored vests used
against them will provide one less die of armor, but the guns
will do one less die of damage.

Garou who carry guns will use these bullets against Pentex
First Teams, but Pentex has found that the manstoppers (see
below) work better against the lightly-armored Garou.

Manstoppers

The opposite of armor-piercing bullets, manstoppers are
designed to have an even greater impact area. They generally
widen or fragment when they hit their target, causing damage
over a wider area. These include hollow-point rounds (which
flatten when they hit), glazier rounds (which fragment) and
homemade rounds (which are made by carving an "x" on the
slug). These bullets cause an extra die of damage when theyhit,

but armor provides double its usual protection.

Incendiary

Incendiary rounds are especially repulsive to Garou because
they inflict aggravated wounds. They are rarely used with small
arms. The most common form is the Dragonsbreath shotgun
shell. This phosphorus shell turns a shotgun into a mini-
flamethrower fora turn, spraying a spout of fire up to 20 feet.
It hits like a regular shotgun, but inflicts two aggravated
wounds (difficulty 7 to resist) and may cause nearby Garou to
check their Rage. Multiple use of Dragonsbreath rounds can
seriously damage the integrity of a shotgun barrel, so Storytell-
ers should take full advantage of botched Firearms rolls.

(Drugs

Not all bullets are designed to kill their targets. Many types
of nonlethal ammunition have been created. Each has its own
purpose.

Commonly used to capture animals, tranquilizer darts are
usually fired out of large, single-shot rifles. They do eight dice
of damage to humans and Garou. This damage is not applied
to Health Levels. Each level of damage subtracts one die from
the victim's Dice Pools. Additionally, if the target takes more
damage than he has Stamina (or Stamina + Rage for Garou),
he passes out for one hour for every point of damage beyond
Stamina.

104 Rage Across the Amazon

"pbpetieee 6 binges tue


‘Other kinds of drugs can also be fired from these guns; the
Storyteller is encouraged to create interesting Pentex manu-
factured pharmaceuticals.

Heavy Weapons

Few who have not witnessed the effects of high explosives
and heavy weapons understand their destructive power. To
illustrate the damage ratings in the sections that follow, here
are some examples:

* A homemade black powder bomb weighing 10 pounds
willmake acrater 10 feet deep by 20 feet around (possibly larger
than the room in which you are now sitting). Ordnance
dropped by aircraft use a higher grade of explosive and weigh
from 50 to 1000 lbs.

© One medium-sized artillery shell landing in the center of
a block of brownstone rowhouses would level half the block
and shatter every'window for five blocks. An artillery barrage
consists of hundreds of such shells.

@ 50 caliber machine gun bullets will retain lethal force
after passing completely through a stone house. Such machine
guns commonly fire 600 rounds per minute.

Grenades
Fragmentation Grenades

A fragmentation grenade has a damage Pool of 12 dice at
ground zero (such as in a character's hand). For every yard
between the grenade explosion and the character, reduce the
damage Pool by one die.

Example: A 12 die fragmentation grenade detonates 5 yards
away from a character. The damage Pool is 12-5, or 7 dice of
damage.

Weight: .6 lbs Size: A 6" x 4" cylinder

Smoke Grenades and ‘Cear Gas Grenades

Smoke grenades emit a dense cloud of white or colored
smoke. Tear gas grenades emit a cloud of irritating gas. There
is no blast from these grenades. The smoke is released through
holes in the canister. The cloud will filla 10 yard by 10 yard area
in one minute and will last 10 minutes in still air.

The Shadow Lords have discovered that smoke grenades
are very good at covering their melee attacks. Pentex usually
harms as many of their own troops while firing into the smoke
as they do Garou.

Weight: .6 Ibs Size: A 7" x 5" cylinder

White Phosphorus

White phosphorus grenades generate a temperature of
2700° F when they explode. A WP grenade has a Pool of 12
dice at its point of detonation. Reduce the Dice Pool by one for
every two yards between the character and the grenade. This
is aggravated damage because of the burning, although Garou

Appendix One: Weapons

can. try to soak the damage. WP grenades will ignite most
common materials that are even slightly flammable.
Weight: .6 lbs Size: A 7" x 3" cylinder

Explosives

Explosives are rated in terms of Blast Power. Every point of
an explosive's Blast Power is worth one die per pound of the
explosive. Each listing also states what will detonate the
substance and whether it will burn without exploding.

Blasting Powder

This modern gunpowder is used in commercially sold small-
arms ammunition. Itisalsocalled "smokeless powder" (because
it does not smoke as black powder does). Frequently sold under
the brand name "Pyrodex," it is legal to purchase in small
quantities.

Pentex has a lot of this around. They manufacture most of
their own ammunition in the Amazon to prevent nosy journal-
ists from noticing huge ammunition purchases.

Blast Power: 2 Detonator: Flame or Heat Burn: Yes. Blast
powder will typically only explode when it is encased under
pressure.

Nitroglycerine

Nitroglycerine is an oily, clear liquid that can be easily made
in a home workshop. It is very unstable and quite powerful.
Nitro is unpopular for both these reasons. Rules for the
detonation of liquid nitroglycerin are left up to the Storyteller.
Be capricious; nitro is unpredictable. Nitro may be "safety-
packed" by.a character trained in the handling of explosives.
Such a process significantly reduces the danger.

Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Varies; usually reacts to move-
ment and changes in temperature. Burn: No, although the
chances of exploding decrease if the substance is not encased
under pressure.

Nitrocellulose (Gun Cotton)

Nitrocellulose (gun cotton) is manufactured by soaking
cotton (cellulose) in nitroglycerine (nitro). This stabilizes the
nitroglycerin.

Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Exremes of Heat, Impact Burn:
Yes, at low temperatures it even makes an excellent fuse.

(Dynamite

Dynamite, also called TNT, is-nitroglycerin stabilized in
charcoal or another absorbent.: Dynamite that goes through
changes of temperature over a fairly long period of time will
"sweat" pure nitroglycerine crystals. Dynamite in this state
appears shiny, not waxy as it normal does.

Dynamite can be found in many construction sites through-
out the Amazon, where it is used to blow away huge trees that
won't go down any other way.

105


Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Fulminating Primer (which can
also be used as an emergency flare), Heat Burn: No. If you set
dynamite on fire, it will explode.

Plastique (C-4)

Plastique (plastic explosive) is manufactured in varying
strengths. It is similar to modeling clay in consistency, and is
extremely stable. Most military explosives are plastique.

Blast Power: 1-20 Detonator: Primer or Elecrical Charge
Burn: Yes (but why would you want to burn it?)

Primacord

Also called instant fuse, primacord is an explosive manufac-
tured in string form. It is used to detonate widely separated
explosives at the same time. It can also be used as a "main
charge" by an expert.

Blast Power: .5 Detonator: Primer Only, Open Flame
Burn: No

Yapaln

Napalm is jellied gasoline. When it burns, it tends to cling
to its target. Napalm will continue to burn underwater. The
only way to remove burning napalm is to scrape it off, invari-
ably removing the skin as well. All damage done by napalm is
aggravated. Roll one die tosee how much of the body is covered
by napalm (the Storyteller may modify this roll as she sees fit).
Roll that many dice of damage every turn for 10 turns. Napalm
can be made in home laboratories and placed in glass bottles for
throwing.

Napalm bombs will have a Blast Power of 6 - 12 tospread the
napalm out. Modern jets drop napalm canisters without explo-
sives, as they rely on the speed of the jet to spread the napalm
when the canister ruptures.

Pentex is being very careful with this stuff. They have only
used it twice in the Amazon, as it is very noticable to any
outside observer. They will only use it to quickly defoliate an
area if they have no other choice.

Blast Power: 0 (unless used in a napalm bomb) Detonator:
Open Flame Burn: Yes, it is supposed to burn without explo-
sive force.

Support Weapons

Support weapons provide heavy or sustained firepower and
require a separate Skill of either Heavy Weapons or Artillery

to use (Complementary Skills for these are listed in Vampire
Player's Guide). Machine guns are the only exception to this;
they require the Firearms Skill.

Firing any tripod-based weapon without a tripod requires a
minimum Strength of six.

.30 Caliber Machine Gun: This weapon is often found on
vehicles or as a squad support weapon among Third World
armies. It comes with a bipod; ammunition is belt-fed.

-50 Cal Machinegun: According to the Geneva Conven-
tion, this weapon is only to be used against equipment, not
personnel, due to its grisly effects. (The Geneva Convention,
however, classifies uniforms and boots as equipment....) This
is a powerful weapon used for assaults against heavy equipment
and as a means of suppressive fire. This weapon is often found
on vehicles or as a squad support weapon. It comes with a
tripod; ammunition is belt-fed.

M-79 Grenade Launcher: The M-79 grenade launcher
looks and operates like a stubby shotgun with a two-inch
barrel. The grenades explode on impact. There is no magazine
to this weapon. After each shot, the weapon must be reloaded.

Flamethrower: A backpack carries tanks of napalm with a
hose connecting to a rifle-like launcher. The flamethrower
weighs 50 pounds with all three tanks, bur only one tank is
needed. Each tank is good for five minutes of constant spraying.

LAW: LAW stands for Light Antitank Weapon. The
LAW is a disposable, one-shot rocket and launcher. The
launcher is a tube about two and a half feet long and about four
inches in diameter. The rocket is about 14 inches long.

The LAW produces "backblast" when fired. Flames and
rocket exhaust emit from the rear of the firing tube. Because of
the backblast, there is a two-yard danger zone directly behind
any such weapon. Anyone in the danger zone when the
weapon is fired suffers four dice of aggravated damage from the
flames.

Artillery

Indirect-fire weapons like mortars send their projectiles in
an arc, rather than line-of-sight like a gun. Because of this, no
mortar can be fired inside a building. Mortar shells fall verti-
cally onto their targets and do damage like explosives, losing
one die of damage for every yard from ground zero. The smallest
mortars fire grenade-sized shells. Large mortars break down
into three-man portable loads (consisting of the barrel and the

two halves of the baseplate). Some large mortars are towed on
small trailers.

Support Weapons Chart
N.

Difficulty Damage

) 50 Caliber Machine Gun
- Flamethrower

106

Rage Across the Amazon


Artillery Chart

Large Mortar 24

Damage Min/Max Range.

Weight

660 lbs 1.5 lbs

600 yards/two miles
Wheeled Vehide Chart
Safe Speed Max Speed
Seal tech

Maneuver

Brake Factor

Mortars are extremely rare in the Amazon conflict, but
Pentex will occasionally use them to lob a few shells toward
where they believe Garou are gathered. If questioned about the
explosions by any "outsiders" (such as the media), they will
claim it was simply a pre-scheduled detonation of hard-to-
remove stumps during clear-cutting. They will then produce
all the correct documentation to prove it.

Small Mortar: Breaks down into barrel and baseplate, each
25 pounds.

Large Mortar: Splits into three nearly equal pieces.

Dehides
Wheeled Vehides

A new statistic for vehicles, the Brake Factor, is multiplied
by the current speed (in miles per hour) to figure stopping
distance in feet. At speeds below 25 mph, do not use the Brake
Factor. Instead, assume any vehicle can stop within a distance
equal to its own length.

Jeep: Jeeps have exceptional off-road mobility.

Truck: Small trucks are no longer than 15 feet, large trucks
can be up to 28 feet long, and tractor-trailers measure up to 60
feet long. Note that the normal "dry van" hauled by 18-
wheelers cannot be opened from the inside.

Boats

Boats have, instead of a Brake Factor, a listed amount by
which it can decelerate each turn.

All speeds on the following chart are measured in knots. (1
knot per hour equals approximately 1.15 mph.)

Pirogue: A native Amazonian boat, well-suited for
manuevering the waterways of the rainforest. The boat is wider
than a canoe and has a flatter keel.

Johnboat: A johnboat is.a flat-bottomed fishing boat with
a small electric motor.

Small Powerboat: This group includes ski boats.
Aircraft
Stall is the minimum speed for an aircraft. Stall x 100 is the

minimum length of runway (in yards) the plane requires to
land. Note also that flying at night is considerably more

Boat Chart

Type Cruise Maximum

3x Strength

Maneuver

Deceleration Passengers

2 x Strength

Aircraft Chart

Aircraft

Cruise

Medium Prop ._

Appendix One: Weapons

107


Military Airralt Chart

Aircraft Stall

Crew Range

AH-64 Apache 2 450 0

Safe Maximum Maneuver Deceleration Armor

180 300 9 20 6/9

difficult than flying by day, though a pilot may take a specialty
of Instrument Flying ifshe hasa skill of 4 or 5 in Pilot. All speeds
on both Aircraft Charts are in miles per hour.

Parachutes: A parachute takes 30 minutes for a skilled
person to pack, and one full turn to put on. A normal one-
person parachute can support 600 pounds in an emergency, but
everyone relying on it will have to make a Dexterity roll
(difficulty depends on terrain) to avoid injury upon landing.

Miltary Aircraft

UH-60A (Blackhawk): A U.S. Army general utility heli-
copter, used for troop transport and resupply. It can be armed
with .30 caliber machine guns which fire from the sides of the
vehicle. It can carry 11 passengers. Pentex has purchased some
of these for First Team transports.

AH-64 Apache: The current U.S. Army attack helicopter.

It can land on a 15 degree slope. It is equipped with a radio and
can be sealed against radiation, biological weapons and chemi-

108

cal attacks. It is armed with a 30mm chain gun, four rocket
launchers or 16 TOW missiles and two 2.75" rocket pods. It

carries no passengers.

(Drugs and Poisons

Drug and poison listings include a vector (a means of
entering the system), sensory information on how to detect the
toxin, and an effect, which is normally a loss of Health Levels
and any specific effects. Also listed are the means of protection
and antidotes for the substance.

Chemical weapons such as mustard gas were used against
troops for the first time in WWI. These horrible weapons have
eared a morbid reputation in the history of warfare and a
healthy fear from soldiers of all nations. They come in many
forms, each with its own fatal effects. A partial listing of
chemical weapons follows.

Ayahuasca

Vector: Imbibed

Sensory: Awful tasting liquid.

Effects: Powerful hallucinogen. It is used by native doctors
asa curative for many ills, especially spiritually caused diseases.
An ayahuasquero or curandero, a plant medicine doctor, is said
to be able to take this drug and actually see the sickness in a
person. A person taking this drug will become a friend of the
forest. She can thensee at night, not be bothered by insects and
walk the jungle with ease. While on this drug, the user is
guarded by the spirit of ayahuasca.

Protection: Don't drink it. Someone who wishes to take
ayahuasca must convince a curandero to make it for her.

Curare

Vector: Injected.

Sensory: Reddish, brown gum.

Effects: Skeletal muscle relaxant. Curare is used by Ama-
zonian Indians as an arrow or dart poison. The poison is carried
inahollowcanesealedon both ends with fur. The arrow is then
inserted into the cane and dipped into the gummy substance.
The word is derived from a native word, woorari, meaning
"poison." Each turn after the poison enters the bloodstream,
the victim looses one level of Dexterity until he can no longer
move (zero dots). He will then lose one Health Level per turn
until dead from paralysis.

Protection: Curare is usually injected with an arrow or
blowdart. Armor or tough skin can prevent the arrow from

Rage Across the Amazon


penetrating. It was once rumored that garlic applied to the
wound may heal the poison, but this actually requires a garlic
plant whose spirit has been awoken. A Garou may spend two
points of Rage to purge the poison from her body, or the Resist
Toxin Gift will nullify the effects.

Blood Agent

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless and odorless in a gaseous form

Effects: Coma and death. It attacks the white blood cells
and cripples their ability to carry oxygen throughout the body.
A victim will slowly asphyxiate over about six hours. Symp-
toms for this weapon are nausea, vomiting, blue fingernails and
toenails, a gradually increasing numbing of the extremeties,
shortness of breath and loss of bowel control. There is no cure
or antidote. This agent is commonly mixed with an acidic
substance which can destroy the filters in many military-issue
protective masks, thus insuring a painful demise to any who are
unlucky enough to be caught in an effected area. This is the
worst fear of many soldiers.

This weapon attacks the Physical Attributes, beginning
with Strength and then attacking Dexterity and Stamina at
the rate of one dot per turn until death occurs (when the victim
is reduced to zero in all Attributes). Although this weapon is
incredibly lethal to humans, a Garou may use the Resist Toxin
Gift to nullify the effects of the chemical.

Protection: NBC (Nuclear, Biological and Chemical) or
M.O.P.P. (Mission Oriented Protective Posture) suit. WARN-
ING: Leave the area immediately! The acidic chemicals in this
agent will eat through filters and protective masks within 10
minutes. .

Cear Gas
Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless (frequently mixed with smoke), distinct
odor

Effects: Coughing, gagging, severe irritation of the eyes and
mucus membranes. Subtract two dice from all Dice Pools until
clear of the gas cloud for 10 minutes.

Protection: A gas mask will protect fully, scuba mask or
goggles will protect the eyes, and breathing through a wet cloth
will protect the lungs. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the
effects of tear gas.

Mustard Gas

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Faintly yellowish, distinctive odor

Effect: Caustic; causes blisters to exposed flesh. If inhaled,
blistering inside the lungs may prove fatal. Subtract one
Health Level per turn the skin is exposed to the gas. Victims
lose two Health Levels per turn of breathing the gas.

Protection: Full-skin coverage and a gas mask are necessary
for any protection. Ordinary clothing will protect for one turn

only. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the effects of this gas. Wy,
/

|

i l'

Appendix One: Weapons 109


Nerve Agent (Sarin)

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless, odorless

Effect: Highly concentrated nerve gas inflicts one Health
Level per turn; this cannot be soaked. Ata low concentration,
it inflicts one Health Level per minute with the same restric-
tion. Ata trace concentration, it inflicts one Health Level per
hour.

Nerve gas causes nausea and disorientation, followed by
death. It is important to realize that the lethal effects of Sarin
occur at a concentration of 10 - 100 parts per million and that
the effects are always lethal. (Chances of nonlethal but still
symptom-inducing exposure are less than 1 in 10,000).

Protection: Sealed NBC or M.O.P.P. gear

Antidote: Atropine Injection Kit (hypdermic needles with
antropine; must be administered before symptoms begin. At-
ropine taken without exposure to Sarin becomes a toxin).
There are rumors that Pentex has engineeered this poison so
that antropine will only give the victim three to four more
hours of life. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the effects of the
gas.

NOTE: It may be possible to protect oneself from Sarin by
sealing a room in a high place. Israel used this approach to

110

protect its population during the 1991 Gulf War, but the
effectiveness was not tested (there were no gas attacks).

Atropine

Vector: Injected

Sensory: Odorless, colorless liquid

Effect: Over a period of (Stamina + 3) hours, victims suffer
nausea, Cramps, vomiting, disorientation and congested breath-
ing before they die. - -

Antidote: Blood transfusion, hospital care.

Chemical Protection
MOP Suit

The M.O.P.P. suit, or Mission Oriented Protective Posture
suit, is lead-lined and designed to cover the entire body with
the exception of the head. It is used as a means of protection
in a chemical environment. The suit comes in a basic olive
drab green, although newer versions are in a camouflage
pattern to provide greater protection from visual sightings ina
wooded environment.

The suit protects the wearer from the effects of chemical and
biological weapons with a shield of lead sewn into the inside of

Rage Across the Amazon


the suit, preventing the agent from coming in contact with the
skin. The suit only provides complete protection when used in
conjunction with the M17A1] protection mask. The mask uses
filters to trap the harmful agents and prevent them from being
introduced into the respiratory system. Some chemical agents,
however, are mixed with acidic agents that, although non-
toxic, have a corrosive effect on the filters of the mask, thus
destroying them and rendering the mask useless.

The M.O.P.P. suit isa common item in most of the world's
armies due to the popularity of chemical weapons on the
battlefield. In the United States, Great Britian, Germany and
other highly developed nations, it is considered basic issue and
no soldier is ever without one.

Seaurity Systems

Pentex's security systems are audiovisual, involving cam-
eras, closed-circuit. televisions and microphones. Often the
mikes are tuned to pick up certain sounds (breaking glass,
voices, etc.)

These security systems are based on sensors and come in two
types: on/off and perception-based.

On/Off sensors do not require a roll to detect something.
They either trigger or they do not. For example, a window
breakage sensor will go off only if the window is broken. An

electric eye will go off only if the light beam is broken. There
is no roll for these sensors. The Storyteller must have the
players describe their actions very carefully. The sensors must
respond accordingly.

Perception-based sensors have a Perception Attribute used
in the same manner as a character's attribute. For example, a
thermal sensor might have a Perception rating of 8. The sensor
will roll eight dice against a difficulty rating of six to detect a
character and trigger an alarm.

Security Systems

Sensors

Perception

Motion Sensors

Door (metal)

Wall (cement)

Perception: The Dice Pool used to detect intruders.
Strength: The Dice Pool (see the Strength Chart in
Werewolf) required to break through the barrier.

Appendix One: Weapons 111


T/ELSD\ — a ,

| >t


All the following totems are local to the tropical rainforests
of South America. Some of them extend their powers up to
Mexico, but it is rare to find their children north of the Rio
Grande.

Each of these totems is wise in the ways of the jungle. In
addition to the benefits listed below, they will grant their
outsider children the wisdom to navigate the confusing
rainforest. Thisdoes not negate any normal modifiers. Itsimply
allows a northern Garou to understand the jungle as well as she
does her pine forests or southern swamps. Without this lore, it
will be much harder for her to travel or track through the
rainforest. The Storyteller should add extra difficulties to such
actions for any Garou not allied to local totems.

Allying with these totems will usually require a quest of
some sort. The Storyteller should feel free to come up with
imaginative adventures for the characters who wish to search
for these totems.

Cotes of War
Anaconda

Background Cost: 5

Anaconda is the lurking hunter of the jungle, slithering
from the trees above or through the water below to suddenly
leap at her prey. She does not use poison to take down her
enemies, but instead relieson herconstriction and terrible bite.
She squeezes her enemies near to death and then sinks her
fangs in.

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling

Characters with this totem gain two dice in Brawl for any
grappling or overbearing maneuvers. They also gain one die of
damage in bite attacks. She also gives them Stealth 3 for
sneaking up on enemies or hiding from them (so that they can
set up for the kill, of course).

Anaconda is not popular with Garou, for they believe her
tactics are those of the Wyrm. The native Uktena know better.

Ban: Anaconda has few restrictions, but she asks that her
children not harm any snakes.

Jaguar

Background Cost: 7

Jaguar is the king ofthe rainforest, the supreme predator of
the Amazon. EI Tigre ,asthe Spanish call him, isa powerful and
deadly hunter; many defer to him. He is also allied with the
Balam tribe of the werecats, who can assume his form.

Jaguar's children gain one die in Strength, one die. in
Dexterity and one die to claw damage.

Ban: Children of Jaguar must kill any who destroy the
rainforest. This would seemingly make Jaguar an ally of the
Garou, but Jaguar believes the Garou harm the forest: any
Garou who allies with Jaguar must fight his own kind.

Panthesilea
Background Cost: 9

It is thought that Panthesilea may once have been the spirit
of one of the first Black Furies to ever set foot in the Amazon
Basin. In time, the collective spirit of the Amazon has continu-

113


ally reinforced the power of Panthesilea, and she has grown to
represent the Amazon's beauty, mystery, and fierce vitality.

Panthesilea is perhaps one of the most difficult of the
Amazonian totems to contact, and she rarely chooses an entire
pack. When she does manifest, she tends to focus on one
member of her chosen pack and totally possess that person,
speaking to the pack directly and taking a hand in the business
she feels needs to be done. That pack member immediately
develops an effective Pure Breed score of 5 for the duration of
his possession. This Incarna's commands ate exceedingly hard
toignore. This possession, unfortunately, causes madness in all
but the most strong-willed of Garou: make a Willpower roll,
difficulty 9; unless three successes are scored, lose one point of
Willpower per possession. Her consciousness is vast and com-
plicated, reflecting the diversity and wilderness that is the
Amazon.

The possessed packmember has a Leadership of 7, a Melee
skill of 5, and a Brawl talent of 7. Panthesilea. often directs the
activites of the pack with her talents, organizing them into an
elite fighting force.

The rest of the pack gains the Silent Strider Gift of
Attunement. Also, any animal native to the Amazon will
never harm one of Panthesilea's children. Those packs she
chooses gain instant alliance with all of the native Uktena,
Bastet and Mokolé in the area: they all instinctively know
someone touched by the Jungle Warrior.

Panthesilea is concerned with the longevity and vivacity of
both the spiritual and physical life of the Amazon: currently

114

she is involved with trying to stop the mass-production of
fetishes and talens. This production results in many of the
Amazonian nature spirits being sucked away.

Ban: Panthesilea will often give her children missions to
undertake. If they do not follow her orders in such things, she
leaves them. The nature of the missions are usually to right the
balance of the ecosystem, but the specifics are up to the
Storyteller.

Totem of Respect
Harpy Eagle

Background Cost: 6

Harpy isa huge bird and lords over the highest canopy of the
rainforest. From her vantage point, she can see much that
endangers the forest, but she can rarely see details, for the thick
canopy hides the world below. It is said that Harpy understands
the big picture but misses the small details.

Harpy gives her children the Spirit of the Bird Gift and
Intimidation 2. In addition, they receive 100 Honor upon
allying with her.

Ban: Harpy asks her children to protect the trees. They
must prevent the deforestation of the Amazon.

Totem of Wisdom
Gad ,

Background Cost: 6

Toad is a very strange totem. He is lord of many medicines
and poisons, and can concoct on his back anything from
hallucinogens to-deadly toxins. He can also provide healing
elixirs.

Children of the Toad gain Medicine 3. With the right
materials, they can concoct many strange elixirs (Storyteller's
discretion). They also gain the Resist Toxin and Venom Gifts.
However, toad demands a price for his powers... ‘

Ban: Toad's children are ugly: lose two points from A ppear-
ance. They also must not harm toads.

Cote of Cunning
Coatimundi

Background Cost: 4

Coatimundi is the most curious totem in the jungle. Related
to Raccoon, he has his nose in everything and is always
breaking things. But he knows his way around like few others
and gives his lore and secrets to his children.

Children of Coatimundi gain Subterfuge 3, Stealth 2 and
Area Knowledge (Amazon) 3. However, as a totem of cun-
ning, he is without honor. His children lose 25 honor every
time they gain renown.

Ban: Coatimundi's children must not scold or harm pests,
such as Coatimundis, mice and curious monkeys. They must
always give a beggar something for his troubles (hischildren are
quite popular with Bone Gnawers).

Rage across the Amazon


Che Cactical
Storytelling Method

Fora Storyteller, sometimes running a war can be hell. How
do you arbitrate the background action? When battles take
place, who wins and who loses? This is a Storytelling game —
in other words, the needs of the story dictate the plot. This can
sometimes seem forced. The players may feel the Storyteller is
not being fair in his rulings.

One way around this is the Tactical Method of Storytelling.
This little system was introduced in the Vampire supplement
Anarch Cookbook. It isa method by which group conflicts can
be resolved in a simple manner with the same type of dice
rolling that goes on in regular person-to-person combat.

There are two different ways this system can be used. In the
first method, the Storyteller resolves what will happen in these
battles by himself. Group character sheets and some dice-
rolling are used to find the outcome. This is sort of like solo
wargaming. For this, it is best if the Storyteller makes all the
rolls and figures the results before the game, when the players
come into the action. This will require adjusting the results,
though, to match any player action that could change the
predetermined outcome.

In the second method, the players take one or more groups
and run them against the Storyteller's groups. It is not recom-

~ mended that they use their character's pack as a group in this

method. This robs the game of its unique roleplaying potential.
Character packs are meant to resolve things while roleplaying,
not by simply rolling dice. This method should instead be used
toresolve large-scale battles between Garou Wargsand Pentex
platoons.

Groups have much the same statistics that characters do:
names, Abilities, Backgrounds and, optionally, Natures and
Demeanors. Instead of the full range of Attributes, groups only
have Physical, Social and Mental stats. Groups also have
weapons and powers. They do not have Rage, Gnosis or
Willpower, although there are optional rules for these as well.

Each group involved in the war should be written up by the
Storyteller. Actions can then be resolved between these
groups with simple dice rolls. The results are introduced as
background information.

Certain equipment can add to a group's attack Pool. Claws
and Fangs add one die to Brawl Dice Pools, while small Klaives
add one die to Melee Dice Pools and large Klaives add two.
Normally, pistols add one die, rifles add two, and shotguns and
submachine guns add three, but unless the bullets are silver,
Garou can regenerate this damage. All silver weapons add one
die when used against Garou groups.

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling

Groups also have Powers. These represent certain Gifts,
fetishes or fomori powers which will have an effect on group-
level combat.

Garou groups will have two physical stats. One is for their
natural forms, even if there is a mix of forms, such as homid and
lupus Garou together. The other stat is for their Crinos form,
their war form. Garou in this latter mode automatically "regen-
erate" one enemy success against them per turn (as shown in
the example), unless the damage was aggravated (claws, silver,
fire, etc.).

Combat between groups is resolved through resisted dice
rolls. In the case of two or more groups attacking one group, the
single group must split its Dice Pool to be able to attack both
of the other groups.

The results of combat between groups still requires Story-
teller interpretation. The outcome is defined by a set number
of successes that need to be achieved by one of the groups. The
group that first achieves that many successes wins. Itisup tothe
Storyteller to interpret how they win. Inacity game, the police
will rarely shoot to kill; if they win, they will have successfully
subdued and arrested the group. In the Amazon war, however,
platoons are more ruthless. In this case, the Storyteller can
decide that each success kills one member of the opposing
group. This way, they can lose the fight and still cause casual-
ties.

Sample Groups

The Savage Gristle Pack: Number: 5; Nature: Bravo,
Demeanor: Bravo; Attributes: Physical 3/6, Social 1, Mental 2;
Abilities: Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge (tracking) 3,
Stealth 2,eArea Knowledge (Amazon) 1..Backgrounds: Allies
2 (other packs), Rage 4. Weapons: Claws and Fangs. Powers:
Elemental Gift (the elements can be commanded to attack
foes; for instance, the Gift could turn the ground to mud toslow
enemy movement).

First Team Number 31: Number: 5; Nature: Fanatic,
Demeanor: Bravo; Attributes: Physical 3, Social 1, Mental 2;
Abilities: Brawl 1, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3, Firearms 3,
Melee 1, Demolitions 1, Stealth 3. Backgrounds: Allies (other
teams) 2. Weapons: Uzis (+3 firearms, but no silver bullets),
knives (+1 Melee). Powers: Toxic Touch (all Brawl attacks are

aggravated).

115


Neon,
a

Ae MeN
Example of Cactical Resolution

While the player character pack sneaks into the Pentex
Laboratories, the Savage Gristle Pack is assigned the job of
keeping the First Team guards busy outside. Both Savage
Gristle and the First Team are NPC groups. The Storyteller
decides that she wants to run the actual story of the player
characters' own attack using roleplaying, but will use the
Tactical Method for the other attack.

She chooses one of the players (or lets them choose from
among themselves) to run the Savage Gristle Pack while she
takes the First Team. She will "cut" back and forth between the
two actions throughout the story.

The Storyteller decides that a total of five successes are
required for one side to win (each success represents an enemy
kill). She first rolls initiative for the two groups, giving the
player an extra two dice for surprise, and declares that if the
player wins, he can have an unresisted attack. They each roll
their group's Mental + Alertness against a six difficulty; the
First Team wins with two successes. The attack is thusa resisted
roll as usual.

First Team Number 31 attacks with their guns (Physical 3
+ Firearms 3, plus three dice for their Uzis = 9 dice) and are
resisted by the Savage Gristle's claws (Physical 6+ Brawl 4, plus
one for their claws = 11). The difficulty for both sides is set at
six. The First Team gets five successes, while the Garou get
two, leaving the First Team with three successes.

116

The Storyteller sums up the turn: the Garou charged from
the jungle, but Pentex was not taken by surprise. They pulled
out their guns and began firing. The Garou took casualties, cut
down by the heavy fire.

The Storyteller then decides to return to regular play for a
while, roleplaying the player pack in their adventures. A little
while later, when he comes to a good cliffhanger moment, she
decides to switch the scene back to the Tactical action going
on outside the labs.

At the start of the second turn, the Garou regenerate the
damage they took last turn. Since the bullets used were not
silver, they regenerate one damage success. The First Team
now only has two successes over the Garou, rather than three.

This turn, the First Team gets two more successes, while the
Garou get five, leaving the Garou with three successes. The
First Team still has a total of two successes from last turn.

Again, the Storytellersums up the action: the bullets didnot
keep the Garou down for long; they leaped into the fray again,
barely wounded. Pentex faltered and the werewolves valiantly
raked their foes.

Later in the adventure, the Storyteller gets around to the
third turn. First the Garou regenerate another of the First
Team's successes, leaving the team with only one now, while
the Garou have three. This time, the First Team gains two
successes and the Garou get four; this leaves the Garou with
two successes this turn. Added to their running total, they have
five successes — the number required to win.

The Storyteller sums up: the Garou tear once again into

their foes and decimate them. The First Team is left to rot on
the field of battle. yates

Willpower is a trait that represents a very individual char-
acteristic. However, particularly tight-nit groupscan sometimes
have a Willpower score, especially under the influence of the
Strength of Will Ahroun Gift. They can then use this to resist
certain Mental or Social attacks (see Other Tactical Situations:
below).

As for Rage: ifa tight-nit group is united in their anger, then
they may get a Rage score. Get of Fenris packs are likely to have
Rage as a group. Whenever a group suffers a bad loss, the
Storyteller should get them to check their Rage with a normal
frenzy roll. lf they get four or more successes, they frenzy: they
are all dragged into a chain-reaction of Rage taken to the
boiling point. In battle, it is most often a berserker frenzy. This
will cause the Garou to attack with their simplest weaponry
(usually claws) until their enemy is dead. During a frenzy, they
gain one die to their attack Pool. However, if an enemy used
a wildly successful Intimidation attack on the Garou, then a
fox frenzy may be the result. In this case, the Garou flee the
field. In this system, Rage cannot be spent for extra actions.

As for Gnosis, if the group is fighting a horde of Banes in the
Umbra, they can be assigned a Gnosis trait for use asa Dice Pool
in Binding Rites or other spirit magics at the Storyteller's
discretion.

Rage across the Amazon


Remember, all these traits are usually very individualistic. It
is rare to find a group that can average out enough to have a
score in these traits. Use Willpower, Rage and Gnosis with
discretion.

Other Cactical Situations

Group situations outside of war can also be resolved with
this system, giving groups extended actions. For example, the
Shadow Lords have to make an extended action roll of Social
+ Subterfuge (or Intimidation) to convince the Get of Fenris
to side with them against the sept leader.

While combat actions can be resolved in short turns (per-
haps five or ten minutes each), Social or Mental actions will
usually require longer. In the above example, it may take weeks

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling

per roll to convince the Get that the Shadow Lords' advice is
sound, or it could take months.

Final Advice
The Storyteller should never let this system intrude on
roleplaying. Itis used with background actions, not the primary
story action. If the results clash with the story, then the
Storytellershould feel free tochange them or ignore them. The
tules are meant to complement the game, not overcome it.
Remember that, above all, Werewolf isa Storytelling game.

If this system fouls the play or slows up the game, ditch it. It is
presented here simply as one method for arbitrating group

__ interactions. Don't get hung up on these rules and don't panic

if they don't work right for your style of gaming.

117


e
a
5
—
i)
a
ot
Pa
fas)
¢
3
=

NYFIO Sell dg

SoTTU OOT - T
ayeog

ISI} uoNeIedg "Ey
wraed Joary AAS "71
BUTUTAY XOWUAg "LT ]
Ajddngyesei0jg xojued ‘OT
Usd S,quO"Y *6

oATH PUPH SJI9H "8
LAU Ye L, YSPLUID ‘1

. Sttdg Urey Jo WaeD 9
Uoqd 8, MRI) Yoerg_ ‘¢
sqe'] Xaquag "p

UJORD ROH MOTOH "¢
asdAjeoody youey ‘7
(DAC) OH xed "I


Clan Shirt
Oifer

Gangrel Malkavian

Nosferatu Toreador Tremere

Watch Your Back!

You'd better be careful out there because when you break the Masquerade with your new Clan Shirt you
don't know who or what will be after you.

Actually, there is no real danger when you put on our 100% cotton black Clan tees — except maybe
from jealous friends drooling over the distinctive Tim Bradstreet artwork.

Stop by your favorite Game Store and pick afew up today, or if your Clan is unavailable, give us a call or
write us directly. The cost is $18, plus $3 shipping and handling, overseas orders add 30%.

CLAN SHIRT OFFER
[RORGMENA = 4598-B STONEGATE INDUSTRIAL BLVD.
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA 30083

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling


Werewolf Temporary Tattoos

Inserted into this book is a sheet of temporary transfer
tattoos of Garou pictograms, including:

© One for each of the 13 tribes.

* Renown marks: two each for Glory, Honor and Wisdom.
These represent two different grades: merit and high valor (the
pictograms with the side marks are for high valor).

See the chart in the Werewolf Players Guide to identify the
Garou pictograms.

Use these tattoos as you please. They are meant to be fun,
so have fun with them. The Storyteller can hand them out as
rewards for good roleplaying or when a player succeeds ex-
tremely well in the game.

They are meant to be props, just like music, lighting and
costumes can be props for roleplaying. If you find the idea of a

A Note From the
White Wolf Environmental Action Committee

gaming tattoo to be an affront to your dignity, don't use them
— it's that simple. Don't take life too seriously.

How to Apply Your Tattoo

1. Moisten the area you want tattooed with water (not too
wet or the ink will smear; not too dry or it won't stick).

2. Place tattoo face down and press on slightly moistened
area for a few seconds,

3. Lift up, and now you are tattooed.

4. Washes off with soap and water.

NOTE: Although the tattoo is printed using safe, non-toxic
vegetable FDA regulated colors, they are not recommended for
sensitive skin. Do not place near eyes or take internally.

WHITE WOLF

ENVIRONMENTAL ACTION

COMMITTEE

Wal Kills Still Planned in Alaskal

That's the bignews here with the EAC. Youmay have heard
about Alaska's attempt last November to begin aerial shooting
of wolves. Their.excuse was that wolves were harming the
caribou population —--even though evidence and environ-
mental studies stated otherwise. The fact was that Alaska
wanted more caribou available for hunting. Well, the plan was
stopped after massive boycotting by people from all over. The
incident made the national news. In early 1993, Governer
Hickle declared that the plan would be halted and no more
wolf control programs would be instituted this year.

He's gone back on his word. Alaska has yet another plan to
kill wolves. Aerial shooting will commence in October unless
the state officials can again be convinced that what they are
doing is wrong. Anyone cannow buy a$15 license tokilla wolf.
All the plans they have concocted up to now are not based on
any evidence that wolves are harming the caribou population.
Don't just take our word for it— look into this issue yourselves.
If you care about the dwindling wolf populations of the world,
then you must make your voice heard on this issue.

120

For more information, write to:

Friends of Animals
National Headquarters
P.O. Box 1244
Norwalk, CT 06856

Also, you can write, call or fax. the Governor at:

Walter J. Hickel, Governor
State of Alaska ,

P.O. Box 110001

Juneau, AK 99811-0001
(907)465-3500, FAX 463-3454

You can write us at the Environmental Action Committee
and we'll be glad to send you what information we have on this
issue:

EAC

White Wolf

4598 Stonegate Industrial Blvd.

Stone Mountain, GA 30083

Rage across the Amazon



HOW TO APPLY
YOUR TATTOO:

1. Moisten the area you want tattooed
with water (not too wet or the ink will
smear, not too dry, or it won't stick).

2. Place tattoo face down and press on
slightly moistened area for a few
seconds.

3. Lift up, and now you are tattooed.

4. Washes off with soap and water.

NOTE: Although the tattoo is printed

using safe, non-toxic vegetable FDA

regulated colors, they are not recom-
mended for sensitive skin or near eyes
or to be taken internally.

Che Greatest Threat

The Wyrm has made its move — Pentex Incorporated is behind the
destruction of the Amazon Rain Forest. Bulldozers tear down ancient trees,
leaving scorched wastelands behind. Factories vomit balefire into the rivers,
poisoning Gaia's bloodstream. Banes screech through the jungle, maiming the
ae and Umbral glens. The hungry maw of the Wyrm opens wide to devour
its feast...

The Greatest Sacrifice

...but the Wyrm chokes on the bitter rage of the Garou. The warriors of Gaia
are here to end the corruption, destroy the defilers and take back the Earth.
The Amazon War has begun, the greatest battle yet for the body and soul of
Gaia. In their darkest hour, the Garou must succeed before the Dark Foe
destroys everything.
\ Rage Across the Amazon is a chronicle setting for Werewolf, It includes:
‘a © The heroes and villains of the War, from the mighty Garou
: Golgol Fangs-First to Pentex's Samuel Haight , the Garou Skinner.
bere © The Others in the war: the Bastet
it werejaguars and Mokolé werecrocodiles
whose homes are threatened by
the conflict.
© A sheet of full-color temporary
tattoos, including tribal pictograms:
and marks of renown.

ey 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
STONE MTN, CA 30083

CANE STUDIO

We he Apocalypse" Dayar

515.00
ii}

:

|
|
