# File: Rage Across Australia.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Regional Sourcebook for Werewolf;.Che: Apocalypse

"a See RS


By Richard? Watts, Marc Rudgley an? Ben Chessell



Moonlightshone upon the gathered tribes as they waited
for Grek Twice-Tongue to begin his song. Light in the
outback is harsh and unforgiving; it reveals everything in
the starkest fashion. Grek was metis, and the moon merci-
lessly exposed his deformities. Those jealous of the Philodox's
power said Grek's spirit was as twisted as his body, but few
heeded such rumors.

Grek's hairless Crinos form crouched over the didgeridoo
while one knotted hand beat out a counterpoint rhythm
upon the dry earth. Grek's skin (white as Meeka the Moon,
for he was albino) was daubed with red, black and yellow
ochre. Feathers had been affixed with blood to his wrists.
He looked like some incarnation of Kurpannga, the Devil
Dingo, come to deliver judgment and retribution upon the
Garou. The didgeridoo's moaning breath washed over the

gathered tribes as the dancers whirled into the clearing,
their bodies painted with ochres of white and red. Some had
leaves tied to their knees and elbows; others had small
feathers plastered to their chests and backs with blood.

Legends of the Garou

Grek began to sing. His voice rose, wailing into the clear
night sky, and the dancers began to beat the earth with
their feet. Only one dancer remained still; he was to
perform the role of Wyrmbaiter in the ritual to come.
Wyrmbaiter had been Alpha of the Red Talons last cen-
tury. He had won his renown and his nom du guerre by
leading Wyrm beasts into traps with his own body as bait.
Now he was reviled, for Wyrmbaiter's passions had led the
Garou into the War of Tears, when war was waged against
the Bunyip. The dancers' movements and Grek's voice
rolled back the barrier of time, and once again the last
Fianna moot sat in judgment in the Australian bush...
eee

Wyrmbaiter stood stiff-legged before the decaying, rav-
aged body of Greyflank, his sister. Occasionally he would
e her cold flanks. He had allowed
no one to touch her corpse, let alone dispose of the body as
was fitting, since it was discovered five days ago near the

lower his muzzle to m


Three Sisters. Greyflank's cadaver had been found spread
across a large carving of the Rainbow Serpent, ribs cracked
openand head severed. Her guts had been devoured and her
heart burnt to a cinder. The charred lump of muscle still
glowed like an ember, radiating soft waves of heat. The best
Garou hunters had been unable to find her head.

Now Wyrmbaiter's muscles rippled as he changed, swell-
ing upward from Lupus through Hispo to Crinos. He swung
his heavy head this way and that, glaring at the assembled
Garou gathered in moot around him.

"Greyflank's killers must die," Wyrmbaiter said with
difficulty, his voice harsh and guttural. "Death toall Bunyip."

For the Red Talon, this was a veritable speech. The
Garou muttered and snarled among themselves, while
Wyrmbaiter shifted back to Lupus, awaiting the moot's
decision.

Keally O'Shannesy leaned back impassively, but her
mind was in turmoil. Her fingers drummed a complex
tattoo on one powerful thigh, the only outward sign of her
tension. What to do? To whom could she turn for advice?
If only Fingal Truth-Sayer had not been killed last month
by Black Spiral Dancers; he would have known what to do.
Keally felt herself too new to her position as Fianna Righ to
pass a decree of such importance, and nothing in her
training had prepared her fora judgment like this. She must
decide quickly. Wyrmbaiter would take any hesitation as a
sign of weakness, and that she could not afford. She could
not afford to lose face now. If only the Bunyip had come to
the moot to defend themselves. Keally had sent Fianna and
Silent Striders to scour the land and the Dreamtime alike;
no sign of the Bunyip had been found. Was their absence
proof of their guilt?

"Surely there is another way." The tribes parted to allow
Kanakis, a homid Glass Walker, access to the circle. At 96,
Kanakis was the oldest Garou in Australia. His great age
and wisdom, and his knowledge of humans and their ways,
had earned Kanakis a degree of respect even though he had
but recently arrived on Australian shores. Of late, as age
weakened him, Kanakis had begun to lean upon a walking
stick, a long length of silver gum. Now his stick struck the
hard-packed earth emphatically.

"| share your grief, Wyrmbaiter. Your sister will be missed
by all the tribes."

A low growl, and the flick of one ragged ear, was the Red
Talon's only reply. Kanakis paused for a moment, then
went on.

"But the evidence you present is hardly irrefutable," the
old Glass Walker continued. "While the Three Sisters are
sacred to the Bunyip, and the Rainbow Serpentis the tribe's
most respected totem, any Wyrm-poisoned mind could
have killed Greyflank."

Keally looked on as another elderly Garou, also in
Homid form, made his way forward.

Kropotkin Rain-on-Leaves of the Stargazers now stood
beside Kanakis. "The words of Kanakis make sense to me.
What advantage would the Bunyip gain from this act?

Although they have always been distant, they have never
offered us any sign of violence in the past."

A derisive howl rang out through the gathered tribes,
and a sable wolf the size of a small pony trotted into the
circle. None could mistake Black Ivan, foremost amongst
the GetofFenris. He glared first at Keally, then dismissively
at Kanakis and Kropotkin, before shifting into Glabro.

"Are the Fianna so weak that they cannot judge what is
obvious? All here know the detestable Bunyip murdered
Greyflank." Black Ivan squatted on his haunches, a smug
expression crossing his brutish countenance.

"Aye," anew voice snarled. "Ivan is right. Why have the
Bunyip hidden from us for so long? Because they know that
we will smell the stink of the Wyrm on them. We should
destroy them now before they can ready their defenses."

Kanakis looked around to see from whom this latest
inflammatory comment came.

"Why did I not guess that the Shadow Lords would
support this call for blood?" the Glass Walker said with
bitter resignation.

"Here less than five years, and already he thinks he
knows more about Australia and the Bunyip than his
betters. Typical Glass Walker arrogance." Tepes Godkin,
sinewy arms folded across his chest, glared at Kanakis with
undisguised loathing. The Shadow Lord's pack snarled,
pacing at Godkin's feet.

"And blinded by his close association with the Bunyip,"
Black Ivan barked. "Kanakis, you are mesmerized by these
creatures because you do not understand them. I do not
need to understand them to see them for what they are:
creatures of the Wyrm. And as such they must be de-
stroyed!" %

Wyrmbaiter's rage could no longer be restrained. He
began to shake with barely repressed fury.

"I will have this hunt," Wyrmbaiter growled, not both-
ering to shift into the detestable Homid form in order to
speak. He talked as a wolf talks, with muzzle and tail. "I will
tear the heart from the body of every Bunyip even as they
have torn out my sister's soul. I will spill the blood of the
Bunyip upon the soil as an offering to Gaia. Fianna, give me
your judgment now. The time for talking is past. Let us
rage."

Keally could see that Wyrmbaiter was barely under
control. She did not want to provoke him to a frenzy here.
She looked over the Garou before her, assessing their
mood. Tepes Godkin smiled coldly at her as he cleaned his
talons with his klaive. She had no choice. It had taken her
too long to rise to her current position; if she did not give
Wyrmbaiter the decision he wanted, the Red Talons,
Shadow Lords and Get of Fenris would pull her down. If all
her years of struggle were not to be wasted, then she would
have to give Wyrmbaiter his hunt. But perhaps she could
limit the damage it would cause.

"Gather the tribes. In three days the hunt for the Bunyip
begins." Keally gazed calmly at the Red Talon leader.

Rage Across Australia


"Hunt, Wyrmbaiter, until your grief has been assuaged by
Bunyip blood." Surely, she reasoned, his genocidal fury
would be quenched once Greyflank's killer lay dead at his
feet; his rage could not be so great that he would destroy an
entire tribe.

Wyrmbaiter loped away, a bright, feral light in his eyes.
Black Ivan and Tepes Godkin followed him.

In the darkness, a watching shadow, gaunt and sinister,
smiled to itself and loped away.

Three days passed quickly. During the first night,
Greyflank's still-glowing heart disappeared. None could
determine who had stolen it, and the crime, like many
others, was laid at the paws of the Bunyip.

The second day Wyrmbaiter sang open a ghost gum, and
Greyflank's body was laid to rest within the woody womb of
the tree. The gathering tribes howled their grief and fury,
and the outback echoed with their lament.

The dawning of the third day was red and wild, as if Gaia
herself sensed the threatening tempest. Garou had gath-
ered from across the land, bringing with them tales of
floods, of strange spirits walking abroad, of great unrest in
the Dreamtime. Sings-with-the-Moon, an Uktena Theurge,
viewed such omens and marked well their meaning, but
said nothing, only smiled a small, secret smile. The Uktena
were as yet few in this oldest of lands, and even if he had
called for peace and parley between the Bunyip and the
Garou, none would have listened to his words. Soon, Sings-
with-the-Moon knew, the secrets of the Bunyip, jealously
guarded, would belong to him and his tribe.

Wyrmbaiter had sat beside Greyflank's final resting
place since her burial. That night, as the sun set, he took
Crinos form and loped toward the foothills of the Blue
Mountains. His muscular arms were banded in leather
thongs and fetishes, and scars adorned his arms and chest.
Wyrmbaiter had neither slept nor eaten in three days. Only
his rage sustained him. At his side hunga long silver klaive,
engraved with runes, the Griffin carved upon its hilt. His
stride was slow and determined as his eyes rose from the
forest floor to settle upon those awaiting him. Some 50
Garou had gathered for the hunt. Most, although not all,
were Red Talons, Shadow Lords and Get of Fenris. Keally
of the Fianna'stood among them, her eyes grim and sad. She
would accompany the hunt lest her judgment was needed,
and so that she might tell future Garou whatever tale
unfolded over the following months. Bone Gnawers; a
Silent Strider or two; the enigmatic, mistrusted Uktena;
evenaChild of Gaia, a bitter outcast from his tribe: all these
had gathered, eager for Bunyip blood. Ever since the Garou
had arrived upon Australian shores they had feared the
Bunyip and their alien ways. They waited for the hunt to
begin.

Wyrmbaiter stood before the assembled Garou and cast
his maddened gaze across them. He was no homid. He was
no Fianna. He was not one for grand speeches and fancy
talk. He spit his words through his fangs.

"We have come to kill Bunyip. Let us kill."

Facing the setting sun,.Wyrmbaiter drew his klaive and
screamed rather than sang the Litany of the Hunt. With
claw and klaive he ripped through the Gauntlet, tearing a
ragged opening into the Dreamtime. This was not the
proper way to enter the Penumbra. This was spiritual rape.

The baying pack followed Wyrmbaiter into the
Dreamtime. Around them, the Penumbra reflected the
turmoil of the physical world and its spiritual guardians.
The ground rippled like the flanks of a frightened kangaroo,
and the eternal twilight shimmered with strange colors and
sounds. From nearby came the bellow of a nervous
diprotodon, while flocks of cockatoos flapped and circled
overhead, shrieking like the Wyrm itself. Turongs hissed
angrily in the trees overhead, shaking stick-thin limbs at
the invaders. A cold wind, not the usual warmth of the
outback breeze, hurled twigs and leaves at the invading
Garou, most of whom were now in Lupus form, sniffing for
the scent of Bunyip.

A young Red Talon, Terror-in-His-Teeth, was the first
tocomeupona Bunyip spoor. Howling eagerly, he followed
the scent, nose to the ground and tail held high. The hunt
followed hard at his heels. Some among them shifted to
Hispo or Crinos form, the better toslay the first Bunyip they
met.

When they did encounter their enemy, maddened as
they were by rage, none saw that the Bunyip was already
weak and wounded, as if from some previous battle. She
stood in her strange Lupus form, blood encrusted on her
lean, striped flanks, narrow muzzle raised and sniffing the
wind. Before the Bunyip could even utter her coughing
bark, Terror-in-His-Teeth flung himself upon her and was
soon the victor. Grinning in pride, he swaggered toward the
hunt, only to be slain by the enraged Wyrmbaiter. The
Bunyip had died too quickly; Wyrmbaiter had desired the
creature's agony to rival that experienced by his sister. As
leader of the hunt, the right of first blood should have been
his. Wyrmbaiter was ever ruled by pride, and he was quick
to prove that none, not even another Red Talon, should
deprive him of that which was his by law.

In the bloody months thereafter, death followed death.
Blood stained the soil of the Outback and the Dreamtime.
Mighty deeds and terrible atrocities were committed by
both sides. Spirits joined the fray, attempting to save the
Bunyip from the Garou's rage, to no avail. A Shadow Lord,
Ironfang by name, won immortal fame for his battle against
a Nargun, a lumbering spirit of stone; Kropotkin Rain-on-
Leaves, the Stargazer who had tried to stop the hunt before
it ever began, died attempting to save a Bunyip cub from
Tepes Godkin'sklaive. Tepes himself was terribly wounded,
dying soon afterward. Bunyip whose names are now forgot-
ten held off Garou packs, allowing their brethren to escape
(although always such survivors were hunted down, and
always they were slain). Ultimately, it was the European

Garou who claimed victory.
.

Legends of the Garou


A year after the death of Greyflank, the last Bunyip was
found in a cave on the slopes of Mount Kosciusko, high in
the Great Dividing Range. He had fled the horrors that
shook the Dreamtime, taking refuge in the land he and his
people had vowed to protect. Wyrmbaiter entered the cave
alone. Deep within he found the Bunyip. He was sitting
beside a fire, wearing the Glabro, singing the song of
mourning quietly to himself, his back to the cave mouth.

When Wyrmbaiter entered the cave the last Bunyip
spoke.

"So you are my death. I shall be glad to die. You have
spared none of my kindred, and were I to live, | would be so
lonely that death should seem a blessing."

Wyrmbaiter said nothing, but the bloodlust and mad-
ness in his eyes made words unnecessary. Trembling, he
transformed into Crinos.

"You are no Garou," Wyrmbaiter grunted, his voice
thick with rage. "The Wyrm's taint marks you."

"The only Wyrm I see is the Wyrm in your eyes, cousin,"
the last Bunyip said with resignation. Outside, the wind
sobbed around the mouth of the cave, while the greatly
diminished hunting pack waited for Wyrmbaiter's trium-
phant return. "Enough words now. You would not listen to
us when we tried to show you the error of your ways. When
we tried to tell you that Black Spiral Dancers hindered us
from attending your moot and mourning your sister, you
turned away. I am weary. All I crave is death."

Wyrmbaiter drew back his paw. With one blow, he
removed the top of the last Bunyip's head. The Bunyip fell
forward into Wyrmbaiter's arms, blood pulsing from its
wound in time with the slowing of its heart. The Red Talon
grinned down, teeth bared. Even as he raised his head to
howl in triumph, he felt the Bunyip's spirit leave its dying
body. It brushed past him, and in it Wyrmbaiter felt no evil,
no corruption, no taint of the Wyrm. The spirit told him of
a life lived in tranquillity and peace, of a level of commun-
ion with Gaia about which Garou could only dream.
Wyrmbaiter opened his eyes and met the dead gaze of a
young Aboriginal boy, scarcely more than 16 years old. In
shock, he shifted back into Lupus, dropping the body. He
began to whimper. Distantly, Wyrmbaiter registered the
sound of falling rock at the rear of the cave, and a waft of
stale, sickly air, ‘as if from some newly opened, deeper
cavern.

"What's this? The mighty Wyrmbaiter crying? This will
not do. This will not do at all."

He looked into the darkness, ears pricked despite his
exhaustion. A darkly beautiful woman stepped out of the
shadows. Her eyes swallowed the light of the Bunyip's fire.
Long, straight hair, black as the shadows from which she
had sprung, fell over her pale shoulders. Her skin was pallid
and faintly phosphorescent, like subterranean fungi. The
woman carried a stained hemp bag in her left hand. "You
have been magnificent, as | knew you would be. The
greatest tool I have ever used."

Wyrmbaiter snarled, and crouched, ready to spring.

"Come now, my love, do you not recognize your own
mistress? Ah, I forgot, we have never been formally intro-
duced. My name is Mara. Mara the Scream. I knew your
sister, intimately. In fact, she gave me a little present for
you."

The woman reached into the hemp bag and tossed its
contents toward Wyrmbaiter. Something rolled across the
cave, landing at his paws. Looking down, he beheld his
sister's rotting head.

"You have done the Dancers a great service by destroying
the Bunyip. This little gift is the least we can give you in
return. The Dreamtime is now defenseless. Its spirits will
turn against you, having witnessed your destruction of their
guardians. Once we have gained control of the Dreamtime,
the whole of Australia will fall to the Wyrm. Don't you see
how clever we have been?" Mara the Scream laughed, an
evil, liquid gurgle.

"We killed your sister. We delayed the Bunyip from
reaching your moot. I was listening when you demanded
justice, a hunt against those who had done you no wrong.
Oh, Wyrmbaiter, what a magnificent fool you have been!"

Shock cut Wyrmbaiter's heart like a knife, and for a
moment he thought he would die. He gazed without com-
prehension at the woman standing before him, noticing
only now the boneless, fluid movement of her sinuous body
as she turned and walked, still laughing, back into the
shadows that had spawned her. In the darkness beyond,
something stirred, and Wyrmbaiter caught a glimpse of
other Black Spiral Dancers, welcoming Mara as she re-
turned to the mouth of their newly dug warren.

Outside, the gathered Garou heard Wyrmbaiter's mad,
hopeless howl. Bursting into the cave, claws scrabbling
against the stone, they found him weeping and nearly mad,
snapping at the empty air. Wyrmbaiter spat out a garbled
account of what the Black Spiral Dancer had told him. It
was not the Bunyip who had slain his sister. The hunt he
had launched was an obscene mistake. He must atone for
his sins.

Howling, Wyrmbaiter flung himself into the yawning
cleft at the rear of the cave. None of the other Garou were
brave enough to follow him. He was never seen again...

eee

The dance was over. The participants, gleaming with
sweat, ochre running down their skin like blood, withdrew
into the shadows. Grek Twice-Tongue finished his tale,
and the lonely dirge of the didgeridoo began once more. As
the gathered tribes slunk away into the night, Grek dropped
the instrument from his lips, and slowly, joints creaking,
stood to his feet. As he left the circle, a single Garou pup
nervously approached him. What was the child's name?
Grek searched his memory. Ranjil? Gulai?

"Yes, child?" His voice was thin, throat dry from the long
singing. Gaia, but he needed a drink.

Rage Across Australia


"Does no one know what happened to Wyrmbaiter,
Grek?" the cub asked tentatively.

"There are tales, my dear. There are always tales. Some
say he died in the darkness beneath the earth, overcome by
the Wyrm itself. Others prefer to say that he lives still,
hunting the outback, seeking vengeance; or that he haunts
the Dreamtime, an unhappy revenantawaiting the Bunyip's
return from the Deep Umbra, should any of that tribe have
survived his rage, which I doubt. If you listen carefully
enough, they say, on some nights you can still hear him
howling."

"And are all the Bunyip truly dead?"

"What did I just say, child? Weren't you listening? The
Bunyipare all dead. We killed them, afterall, and we Garou
have always been good hunters. For that deed we can never
make amends, but we must try. Now, you can start by
helping me walk back to the camp."

The two figures, one old, one young, turned and shuffled
slowly away into the night.

Legends of the Garou


Credits

Authors: Richard Watts, Marc Rudgley and Ben Chessell

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Robert Hatch

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, SCAR (Steve Carter
and Antoinette Rydyr),Des Waterman, Tonia Walden

Cover Art: Richard Kane Ferguson

Maps: Brian J. Blume

Front and Back Cover : Lawrence Snelly

Typesetting & Layout: Kethleen Ryan

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Werewolf the Apocalypse™ isa trademark of White Wolf,
Inc. Rage Across Australia and all material contained
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Maps: Some graphic elements © 1994 by Brian J. Blume

4598 _STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
* Sh i: MTN., GA 30083

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO
© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

Repreoduction without the written permission of the
publisher in expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Werewolf the Apocalypse and Rage
Across Australia are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc.
All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company
or product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Special Thanks

Chris "Love Boat" McDonough for the cruise...

Josh "Charo" Timbrook for guest-starring on the cruise...

Steve "Capt. Steubing" Wieck for steering the boat.

Michelle "I Am Not a Moron" Prahler because Street
Fighter has "cool background things on the things."

Rich "I'll Be Back" Thomas for arguing Conan the De-

stroyer was better than Conan the Barbarian. (Hey, maybe
he's right...)

Aileen "Progenitor Got Your Tongue" Miles for what
the Technocracy did to her Bastet.

Larry "Wicked City" Snelly for the weird movies.

Ben "Merchant Prince" Monk Jr. for being a Renais-
sance man -— hat and all.

Jim "AOL" Townsend for reaching out and touching
others with his blood pit.

Rage Across Australia

9 eT os A OY,

|

Contents

Legends of the Garou: The Death of the Bunyip 3
Introduction Il
Chapter One: History 1S
Chapter Two: Geography 29
Chapter Three: People 55
Chapter Four: Enemies 91
Chapter Five: The Dreamtime 103
Chapter Six: Dreaming the Dawn 119

Appendix: Dreamtime Totems

Introduction

ee



We have in our arteries the blood of the Original Australians, who have lived in this land for many
thousands of years. You came here only recently, and you took our land away from us by force. You have
almost exterminated our people, but there are enough of us remaining to expose the humbug of your claim,
as white Australians, to be a civilised, progressive, kindly and humane nation. By your cruelty and
callousness towards the Aborigines you stand condemned in the eyes of the civilised world.

-—~ from the manifesto "Aborigines Claim Citizen Rights," published 1938 °

Welcome to Australia

Australia is one of the last wilderness areas left on the
globe. Here, the Umbra and the physical Realm are virtu-
ally one, despite the efforts of humanity and the Wyrm to
the contrary. Although Australia is a modern, postindustrial
nation, it also houses the world's oldest continuous culture.
Australian Aboriginals were hunting kangaroos long be-
fore the dynasties of Egypt raised their monuments of
graven stone. The ancestors of the Aboriginals arrived in
Australia at least 50,000 years ago — before the Garou had
declared their Impergium upon humanity, before the War
of Rage, and long before the Pure Ones crossed the Bering
Strait to settle the Americas. Shepherded by the gentle,
spiritual Garou tribe known as the Bunyip, Australia and
her people existed in peace until the coming of the Europe-
ans in 1788.

Within the last two centuries the Bunyip have been
exterminated, the Aboriginals subjected to attempted geno-
cide, and the land itself exploited and violated. The world's
oldest continent is slowly dying.

Preconceptions about Australia are many and varied:
that it is a broad, sunburnt land of endless beaches and
outback, its people bronzed and vigorous, toughened by
exposure to the many natural disasters that plague the land.
In America the myth endures that Australia is a land of
opportunity, a younger U.S.A. innocent of its elder's sins.
Europeans, particularly Britons, see Australia as a harsh,
barren land, devoid of culture, but even so, the last remnant
of the once-great British Empire.

In the World of Darkness, Australia is a land of contrasts.
Its glass-and-steel skylines cower on the edge of a vast
expanse of desert and scrub, the famed Australian outback.
Gothic-Punk Australia is home to bronzed surfers sunning
themselves on golden beaches, but also to pallid drug
addicts shivering and starving in squalid inner-city hovels.
Serene platypuses swim through clear pools, while the
scream of chainsaws echoes through the bush. In the short
space of 200 years, Europeans have permanently altered the
Australian landscape, correspondingly affecting the spiri-

Introduction il

YE PS ET ie //,


tual environment. Concrete covers the red earth, industrial
poisons seep into the soil, and residue from nuclear tests
scars the land. Australia's Penumbra, called the Dreamtime,
already shows the stains of the Wyrm's corruption. Along
the coast, where Europeans concentrated their settlements,
the Penumbra is a dark, distorted place. In the outback the
Penumbra is relatively unspoiled, but agents of the Wyrm
have begun to penetrate the Dreamtime's mysteries, and
now there are no Bunyip to repel the invaders.

Theme: Strangers in a
Strange Land

Australia teeters on the edge of the abyss; below waits
the Wyrm. Australia's immigrant Garou have alienated the
land's spirits, their traditional allies, chrough their senseless
slaughter of the Bunyip tribe. Before the Australian Garou
can hope to win the battle against the Wyrm, they must
reconcile themselves with the inhabitants of the Dreamtime.
Australia's Garou must somehow gain the spirits' trust, lost
when the Bunyip were slain. Many such spirits have been
seduced by the Wyrm, while those that remain free fear the
Garou and their savage, indiscriminate rage.

The Garou's enemies are strongly entrenched in Austra-
lia. Besides their traditional foes — Black Spiral Dancers,
vampires and the scientific excess of Pentex — the
Dreamtime and its spirits also oppose the Garou. The
Australian Penumbra does not welcome the Garou; they
must fight to make it their home. Some Garou speak words
of peace, urging their brethren to renounce their pride and
ally peacefully with the spirits. Most Garou, however, sneer
that such diplomacy is the way of the weak, and that the
Garou must force the spirits to aid them. Can the Garou
overcome the pride that has in the past destroyed Gurahl,
Mokolé, Bastet and Bunyip, or will Australia be another
victim of their arrogance, another reason for the Garou to
hang their heads in shame?

Moor: Guilt and Atonement

This book has two moods. The first is one of guilt.
Australia's Garou are racked by guilt over their role in the
death of the Bunyip. It pervades their every action and
poisons their every thought. The presence of guilt, remorse
and sorrow should be accentuated by the Storyteller at
every available opportunity. Echoing the guilt of the Garou
is the guilt felt by Australia's human populace, who have for
200 years displaced, dispatched and ignored the Aboriginal
inhabitants of the land, and who only now seek, sometimes
clumsily, to make amends.

Because of their guilt, the Garou seek to atone for their
sins. The secondary mood of this book is one of atonement.
The Garou must attempt to gain a deeper understanding of
this land they have inherited by default, in order to rectify
the wrongs they have perpetrated and save Australia from
the Wyrm. By forging close ties with Dreamtime spirits and

Jy

by placing the needs of Aboriginal Australians before their
own, the Garou hope that their guilt can be absolved.

Gothic-Punk Australia

This book describes a fictional Australia, a dark shadow
of the real nation. Although closely based upon Australia,
and written by Australians, it does not claim to emulate
Australia exactly as it exists in our world. Rage Across
Australia depicts a grimmer continent, where the attempted
genocide of the Aboriginals continued into the 1950s, and
where even today young blacks are taken from their homes
by the police and forcibly integrated into white families in
an attempt to destroy Aboriginal culture.

Some liberties have been taken with the representation
of Aboriginal culture, spirits and legends in this book,
although the authors hope that the material used has been
treated with sensitivity and care. Unfortunately, in this
short work we cannot adequately detail the beliefs and
cultures of the more than 250 Australian Aboriginal tribes.
If you desire more information regarding this oldest of
cultures, we urge you to visit your local library.

Throughout Rage Across Australia, the word "Aborigi-
nal" has been used to describe Australia's indigenous people
and their culture. Since the late 1980s, many Aboriginal
activists have embraced the name "Koori," a generic term
of identification used by the tribes of Southern New South
Wales and Victoria prior to the European invasion. It is
slowly becoming a term of national identification among
Australia's indigenous people, and is also gaining accep-
tance among whites. The authors have not employed the

LU

PT
Pl-AT

@-
4

prs Dol
PT Not

re


A

word "Koori" in this manuscript, as its use represents a
degree of empowerment totally absent from the Gothic-
Punk world, and lacking even in the real Australia.

If you are an Australian, or have traveled there, you will
recognize some of the places depicted in this book. The
setting presents a grim, distorted picture of reality, appro-
priate for the World of Darkness; it is not, and does not
claim to be, the real thing. Ignore parts of this work that you
do not like, or that conflict with your own view of Gothic-
Punk Australia. As Storyteller, the version of Gothic-Punk
Australia you present should be tailored to your own
chronicle.

References

Here is a brief list of references to aid in running an
Australian chronicle. This list is by no means exhaustive.
The films and books suggested below should familiarize you
with the Australian landscape and culture. Other films,
such as Crocodile Dundee and The Man from Snowy River,
provide a more stereotypical view of Australian life, while
Howling 3: The Marsupials and Walkabout should be avoided
at all costs. Television programs such as Neighbours and
Sylvania Waters present a sanitized view of Australian life.
Most large libraries should have a selection of books about
Australia.

Films

Directed by Peter Weir: Gallipoli (two young men join up
to fight in the Great War — and wind up in the disastrous
battle of Gallipoli; starring Mel Gibson), Picnic at Hanging
Rock (the mysterious disappearance of a girl during a trip
into the outback —- an eerie film), The Last Wave (Richard
Chamberlain encounters Aboriginal apocalyptic prophe-
cies).

Directed by George Miller (all starring Mel Gibson):
Mad Max, The Road Warrior (Mad Max II), Mad Max III:
Beyond Thunderdome (the saga of Max Rocketansky, from
amodern Australia in turmoil toa post-apocalyptic outback
and the rebirth of civilization. The second film is a must
see).

Also: Death in Brunswick, Dogs in Space, Evil Angels (A
Cryin The Dark) , Ground Zero, Monkey Grip, Mull, Nirvana
Street Murder, The Odd Angry Shot, Proof, Razorback (a
monstrous wild boar rages across the outback; directed by
Russell Mulcahey), Romper Stomper (a fictional look at
Australia's skinheads), Sirens (great scenery as a preacher
travels to the outback to convince an artist — played by
Sam Neil — not to display his risqué pictures), Sunday
Bloody Sunday, The Year My Voice Broke.

Fiction

Puberty Blues by Gabrielle Carey and Cathy Lette; The
Songlines by Bruce Chatwin; The Soul Stone by Brad Collis;
Monkey Grip by Helen Garner; The Fringe Dwellers by Nene
Grare; The Chant of Jimmy Blacksmith by Thomas Keneally;
Storm Boy, The Fire in the Stone by Colin Thiele; and by
Patricia Wrightson: The Song of Wirrun (The Ice is Coming,

The Dark Bright Water, Behind the Wind), The Nargun and
the Stars, The Rocks of Honey, An Older Kind Of Magic.

Nonfiction

A Short History of Australia by Manning Clarke; The Fatal
Shore by Robert Hughes; Australian Dreaming: 40,000 Years
of Aboriginal History by Jennifer Isaacs; Doctor Wooreddy's
Prescription for Enduring the Ending of the World by Colin
Johnson; Koori: A Will To Win (The heroic resistance,
survival and triumph of black Australia) by James Miller; and
A Secret Country by John Pilger.

"4

Introduction 13

Sn


; "te fe ook Wy
taey, wee ms At,
* th) } ")

iE ND) WO ‘\
a oN Te ey

" . wt et x
y\ cen ae M4 _ Feo, .

‘ Ue
Mi,

Way Hey
Ve.

a

. o.

So at

SS

\

- == =
tis


Aborigines in it, the story is completely different. It is a story of theft,
dispossession and warfare, of massacre and resistance. It is a story every
bit of rapacious as that of the United States, Spanish America and
colonial Africa and Asia. It is, above all, a political story.

| — John Pilger, "A Secret Country"

Prehistory First Settlement

Gaia dreams. Sixty-five million years ago, the tectonic Round about the dawn of time
plate bearing Australia broke away from the subcontinent
of Gondwanaland and began the long migration northward
to its present location. For some time migration between
the rest of Gondwanaland and what was eventually to
become Australia was possible. Animals swam between the

The Dreamin' all began,

‘nd proud people came

They were lookin' for the Promised Land
-Running from the heart of darkness

With the Aborigines written out, the Australian story seems apolitical,
a faintly heroic tale of white man against nature, of "national achieve-
ment" devoid of blacks, women and other complicating factors. With the |

two land masses, and birds flew between the two conti- Searchin' for the heart of light.
nents. Eventually, however, almost all species stopped — Goanna, "Solid Rock"
emigrating to Australia. For most of the next 65 million Some anthropologists argue that Australia may have

years, Australia remained isolated from the rest of the —_ been inhabited as early as 120,000 years ago, although the
world. This led to the evolution of some of the world's most —_ evidence for this hypothesis is slim at best. More likely, the
yy unique and unusual animal life (described in greater detail people who were to become the Australian Aboriginals
in the next chapter). migrated from Indochina to Australia between 60,000 and

Chapter One: History 15


ary

ie
. at
Cd

AW
"Tie
O
ts

a)

_eeiwe"

me sagittis +
ed Tye
pnesn tt

SS.

ou
Sr:

50,000 years ago. They arrived in several waves, probably at
the peak of each Ice Age, and spread out across the conti-
nent. As the ice retreated, the people became isolated in
their new home, developing their own culture and over 250
different languages. The human history of Australia had
begun.

The War of Rage and the
Jmpergium

Although Garou themselves, the Bunyip tribe could not
stomach the hatred and suspicion their kin felt for others of the
Changing Breed. The Bunyip had never supported violence,
arguing that it only encouraged the growth of the Wyrm, in
particular that aspect of the Wyrm called Calamity, Beast-of-
War. The Bunyip withdrew into the Penumbra, trusting Gaia
to lead them to a place of peace unspoiled by the ravages and
ranting of the other Garou. After many years of wandering, the
Bunyip emerged in Australia. Once in Australia the Bunyip
enacted powerful rituals to seal the Dreamtime from further
invasion, knowing full well the horrors that would be inflicted
upon Australia by their warlike brethren were they to be
discovered. Travel to Australia via Moon Bridge became
impossible, and remained so until the Garou gained control of
Australia's caerns. In this way the Bunyip became, like the
flora and fauna of Australia, isolated from external influence,
maintaining much knowledge that was lost to the Garou
during the War of Rage.

The Bunyip began to explore the new land Gaia had
granted them. They found its people already well established,

I

SS.
y f Mi a a ee
* SEO. ~ Tee D . nt
< oe y ys o
> 4 ots <
y > a:
Ps . &
N
. ‘a'
4
c4 f 4
ww of , B
4 :
4,
%,
% 4,
q . y hos, -
74, : + a
an 2 Ly ak wa
$$, % 4% &
a% & * yo , pts #h
2% 4%. BS BI, -

living in harmony with the world and one another. Primarily
hunter-gathers, with strong spiritual linkstothe land, Australia's
people never experienced the horrors of the Impergium. For
this reason, pure-blood Aboriginals do not suffer the Delirium.
In addition, those Aboriginals closely tied to their spiritual
traditions also exhibit a resistance to the Delirium. Guided by
the Bunyip, Australia's people continued to maintain a social
structure that respected the individual and environment.

Australia was not immune to the corruption of the Wyrm,
but those few Wyrm beasts already present were soon slain or
magically bound by concerted Bunyip and Aboriginal action.
In the respite that followed, the Bunyip began to breed with
thylacines, wolflike marsupials native to Australia, and forged
powerful alliances with native spirits. As the centuries passed,
the Bunyip began to distance themselves from the physical
world, content to observe the Aboriginals from the Penumbra
rather than directly interfere with their development.

Once the madness of the War of Rage had passed, few
among Europe's Garou wondered at the absence of the Bunyip.
Most speculated that the entire tribe had fallen victim to
Harano and had traveled deep into the Penumbra to die.
Others, the Red Talons and Get of Fenris among them,
claimed that the Bunyip must have betrayed the Garou and
allied with the Wyrm, and that perhaps even now they laired
in the dark realm of Malfeas.

Southeast Asia, to Australia's north, was uninhabited by
Garou. Those few Uktena who had remained in Siberia after
the Pure Ones' migration across the Bering Strait dwelt too far
north to be aware of the Bunyip. The Bastet and other
shapeshifters of the region did not travel to Australia, not
wishing to leave their Kinfolk and tribal lands. Nor were they
in communication with the Garou; the horrors of the War of
Rage were still fresh in their minds. So well had'‘the Bunyip
hidden their tracks that they were lost to the Garou for
thousands of years.

Jnitial Contact

Shame the legends crack the paint upon his face

His knees at dance and they fly

And they sing

The poet woman has changed her name in shame

Cool river bed it masks the bones

Of those who died before our time

Made their claim before

Terra Nullius.

~~ Not Drowning, Waving, "Terra Nullius"

The earliest visitors to Australia were the Chinese, in the
years between 1400 and 1435. The Portuguese discovered and
mapped much of the western coast of Australia in the early
16th century, but, like the Chinese before them, saw little
value in the barren lands they surveyed. The Bunyip ensured
that these early visitors saw none of the beauty of the conti-
nent, but were greeted by bushfires, blowflies and sand. The
Dutch touched briefly upon Australia at the beginning of the

Rage Across Australia

OLD. PT ET eile //


17th century, but left with similar impressions. William
Dampier, a pirate, was the first Englishman to set foot on
Australian soil. Landing on the arid northwestern coast in
1688, his first act was to shoot an Aboriginal, setting the tone
for the next 300 years of white conquest. Captain James Cook,
another Englishman, mapped the east coast of Australia in
1770 as part of a Technocracy-funded mission to demystify the
legendary southern continent and map enigma out of exist-
ence. The Technocracy's powers enabled Cook to penetrate
the Bunyip tribe's wards, seeing the fertile eastern seaboard for
what it was.

European Invasion

Few seemed to care that within days of the English landing
in Australia the Aboriginal Dreamtime ended as a nightmare
began.

— John Pilger, "A Secret Country"

During the 18th century, America was used as a dumping
site for England's unwanted masses, criminals and political
prisoners, invariably commoners. After the Declaration of
Independence in 1776, America refused to receive England's
convicts any longer. Britain had to find a new jail. Simulta-
neously, the Kindred, who infested England's monarchy and
tuling class, sought to spread their influence beyond the
confines of the British Isles and create a new realm far from the
influence of Europe's ancients. The Bunyip's vigilance had
thus far prevented the Wyrm from obtaining a foothold in
Australia, but now, utilizing England's need to banish her

convicts to distant shores, its minions mounted an invasion of
the southern continent.

Those Silver Fangs with Kinfolk among the British aristoc-
racy opposed the colonization of Australia, citing the harshness
of the land and its great distance from England as factors
against settlement. Unfortunately, they were defeated by
vampiric and Technomantic factions. May 1787 saw the First
Fleet, 11 store ships and transports, set sail from Portsmouth
with more than 1,000 felons and their jailers on board. Many
of these convicts were Fianna Kinfolk, and entire families were
often transported from Ireland by the English. The Fianna
followed their Kinfolk to protect them from the harsh treat-
ment meted out to convicts by Australia's Silver Fang Kinfolk,
many of whom held positions of power in the human govern-
ment.

More than one Bane was transported to Australia in the
holds of the First Fleet, nourished on the suffering of the
surrounding convicts. After a perilous, nine-month journey,
the fleet arrived at Botany Bay on January 20th, 1788. The bay,
despite Captain Cook's earlier recommendations, was found
to be an unsuitable port, and the surrounding land was grim
and threatening. Undaunted, asmall number of marines sailed
north, discovering Sydney Cove, and there established Sydney
Town on January 26th. The colony of New South Wales was
formally declared by Governor Arthur Phillip on February
7th, 1788, in the name of King George III, although the 26th
of January has ever after been celebrated as the official found-
ing day of the Australian nation.

i
ul


.

Because the Garou had failed to stop the settlement of
Australia, they ensured that a number of their kind were
included among the crew of the First Fleet. These Garou,
predominantly Silver Fang officers and Bone Gnawer sailors,
were entrusted with the task of ensuring that the British did
not adversely affect Gaia in their colonization of Australia.
Not knowing that Australia's population was already guided
by the Bunyip, the Garou travelers were also appointed to
become the guardians of the newly discovered southern land.
These Garou were led by Earl Blaze of Uffington, a Silver Fang
whose Kinfolk served in England's House of Lords. Earl Blaze
was a fierce imperialist and fervently believed in the Gaia-
given right of the nobility to dominate the common herd. He
also believed the Silver Fangs were Gaia's chosen children,
appointed to rule over other Garou.

Although in later years the Silver Fangs denied it, a Bone
Gnawer, Porkchop, was the first European Garou to set foot on
Australian soil. Porkchop was a voluntary exile from England,
a charismatic Bone Gnawer determined to raise the status of
her tribe. She and her newfound packmates were soon deemed
troublesome by Blaze and were dispatched to scout out the
lands surrounding Sydney Cove, in the hope that they might
be killed. After only a few weeks, Porkchop returned to the
settlement bearing startling news. She gleefully informed Earl
Blaze, who was grooming himself to become King of Australia,
that Australia was already home to a Garou tribe — the long-
lost Bunyip.

The Silver Fangs had expected to find Australia deserted
save for its Aboriginals. Their shock upon encountering the

«2!
ww

+

Bunyip was indescribable. Blaze, far from welcoming the
discovery that his responsibilities in Australia were limited
only to the European settlements rather than to the continent
as a whole, was mortally insulted. He had spent months
readying himself to be a great leader and did not take kindly to
having his ambitions dashed. Earl Blaze took refuge in bigotry,
claiming that the Bunyip's isolation must have rendered them
hopelessly inferior to European Garou and thus unfit to rule
Australia. This view was not shared by all the newly arrived
Garou, but only Raymond Love-of-the-Goddess, a Child of
Gaia, spoke out against Blaze's decree. As punishment, Earl
Blaze banished Raymond to Norfolk Island, a rugged outcrop
of rock east of Sydney that became the convict settlement's
prison-within-a-prison.

While the Bone Gnawers set about creating information
networks among convicts and colonists alike and learning as
much as they could about their new home, the Bunyip
remained aloof and distant in the Dreamtime. They made no
attempt to communicate with their European cousins. Earl
Blaze could not understand this and was infuriated by it. After
a number of months he attempted to force the Bunyip into
making contact with him by kidnapping seven Aboriginal
Bunyip Kinfolk. The Aboriginals perceived the European
Garou to be enemies of the Dreamtime and knew that they
could not allow the Bunyip to be corrupted by them. They
began to will their own deaths, and within a week all of them
were dead.

Rather than blaming himself for the deaths of these
Aboriginals, who in his eyes were only primitive blacks, Blaze
blamed the Bunyip. Because they would not respect him, a
Silver Fang and Gaia's chosen, the Bunyip must be creatures
of the Wyrm. From this point on, the attitudes of Australian
Garou toward the Bunyip tribe began to turn, and the legend
of the Bunyip tribe's evil began to spread. Raymond Love-of-
the-Goddess was one of the few voices to defend the Bunyip,
but, exhausted by battling the harsh conditions under which
the convicts labored, he died young. His words remained
unheeded save by Luther Gazes-Inwards, a Stargazer newly
arrived from the Dutch East Indies.

Tensions between the Silver Fangs and the Fianna flared
during the Castle Hill uprising of 1798. Spurred on by charis-
matic Fianna, a group of Irish convicts, many Kinfolk among
them, marched on Sydney bearing stolen muskets, improvised
pikes, and swords. Meanwhile, a pack of incensed Fianna, led
by Bridget of the Flashing Eyes, took their grievances directly
to the Silver Fang king. The Fianna pack was overwhelmed by
Earl Blaze's courtiers and ripped to shreds by their silver claws.
Before they died, however, Bridget and her brother Dhugal
each took an arm of the king and tore him in two. Thus ended
the unhappy reign of King Blaze. His successor, Greymane
Sleekfur, wisely prevented war between the tribes, decreeing
that the deaths of six Fianna were fair compensation for Blaze's
murder. It has been suggested that Greymane was glad of the
unexpected opportunity to become King of Australia. Despite
Greymane' s efforts, relations between Fianna and Silver Fangs
remained hostile. Furthermore, the wisdom Greymane showed

iia //,


in preventing war did not extend to his treatment of the
Australian environment or Aboriginal people.

For the remainder of the 18th century and the first decades
of the 19th, Britain continued to send her unwanted, un-
washed masses to Australia as convicts. Almost any crime
could carry the punishment of transportation: stealing bread
to feed one's family, pickpocketing, prostitution, and political
crimes such as organizing against exploitation.

Despite the great distances involved and the harsh condi-
tions awaiting them, free settlers also began to travel to the
colony. These settlers, who had to pay their own transport and
expenses, were mostly members of Britain's aristocracy, often
youngest sons who stood to inherit little in England and so
emigrated to Australia to make their fortunes. More Garou
arrived in the colony; their attitudes toward the Bunyip and
the alien Australian environment were universally cold and
unforgiving. The European Garou decided that the Bunyip
had been unfit guardians of Australia; why else was the
landscape so barren, the animals that dwelt here so obviously
deformed by the Wyrm? For this reason the Garou did little to
halt the European transformation of the Australian landscape
until it was too late.

Further Colonies

Cut yer name across me backbone,
Stretch me skin across a drum.

— Traditional Australian folk song, "The
Convict's Rum Song"

\

The expansion of settlements was not limited to Sydney;
many new colonies were established in the first half of the 19th
century. In 1803 Van Dieman's Land, now Tasmania, was
selected as the second site for settlement in Australia, and
Hobart was founded on the Derwent River. Shortly afterward,
the extermination of the island's original inhabitants began.
Truganini, the last full-blooded Tasmanian Aboriginal, died
in 1876 at the age of 73, after being repeatedly raped and
witnessing both the murder of her family and the exploitation
of her homeland. Black Furies, led by Athena Mother's-Child,
reveled in Tasmania's rugged wilderness, although they were
spurned by the Bunyip. In later years, after the War of Tears,
the Black Furies were ousted from Tasmania by the Shadow
Lords. Enmity exists between the two tribes to this day.

Other settlements followed the establishment of Van
Dieman's Land: Queensland's Moreton Bay in 1825, and
Swan River in Western Australia in 1829. Both were champi-
oned by James Stirling, the son-in-law of a powerful director
of the East India Company. He became its first governor, and
was the only Australian governor to lead an attack upon an
Aboriginal settlement personally. Stirling, a Hermetic mage
of considerable power, needed isolation and an imprisoned
population upon which to experiment. He sought and success-
fully attained immortality, and dwells in Perth to this day. In
its early years Perth was almost destroyed, as the Bunyip
worked with the spirits to ensure drought and famine plagued
the settlement. Only Stirling's magick kept the colony alive.

Whereas Western Australian was built upon the greed and
power-lust of a mage, the settlement of South Australia was

Chapter One: History 19

YR PS TY ET tetiey //,

SNR
"ny
if

hs

we


ieVarsagevgetist
—_

yi
igs

a rere

Fran

id

44

guided by more enlightened principles. It became the only
state never to receive convicts, and its spiritual environment

was never stained by the emotional blight that accompanied
convict labor.

Saco

A Victorian settlement was founded by two rivals, Batman
and Fawkner, who settled in Port Phillip Bay on the present
site of Melbourne in 1835. They were astonished to find a
white man by the name of William Buckley, an escaped
convict, living with the area's Aboriginals. Melbourne was
soon to eclipse New South Wales as the most prosperous and
fastest-growing colony in Australia. Bone Gnawer Kinfolk,
seeking to escape the squalor of Sydney Town, made up the
bulk of the first colonists, although they were preceded by a
small pack of Glass Walkers hoping to shape Melbourne into
a utopian city, part of Gaia rather than a blight upon her.

The Rise of the Squattocracy

During the early years of Australia's colonization, the
Wyrm's agents had remained quiet, satisfied with building a
firm base for the corruption of the continent. By 1830 they had
established control over much of the economy and had
provoked excessive violence toward both convicts and
Aboriginals. The anguish this caused nourished the Banes that
they had summoned to Australia, and, it was hoped, would
weaken the Dreamtime enough to allow its corruption to
begin. At this time, servants of the Wyrm, both witting and
unwitting, formed the Squatters' Council, or Squattocracy.

The Squattocracy comprised a group of powerful and rich
pastoralists who desired to extend their grazing and farming

2

| eZ

lands into the unspoiled interior of Australia. Few of them
were aware that they served the Wyrm, and those who didkept
their dark secret well hidden. Previous European settlements
had been restricted to the fertile but narrow east coast; the
barrier of the Blue Mountains prevented movement to the
west. The members of the Squattocracy used their wealth to
encourage explorer-in-chief Major Thomas Mitchell to open
up the prime grazing lands lying beyond the Great Dividing
Range, between the Murray River and the Victorian coast.
Mitchell was the first person to use the word "dispersion" as a
euphemism for the wholesale murder of Aboriginals.

Thus, the Aboriginals were pushed further and further back
into the interior. The Squattocracy's desires were, on the
surface, wealth, property and prestige. These motives con-
cealed a more sinister aim, directed by the handful of Wyrm
% agents (including at least one Leech and several

e" —_, fomori) who sat on the Squatters' Council: the

Z-destruction of the Australian environment. Actions
in one Realm affected the other, and it was reasoned
a that if the environment were ravaged, then the
Dreamtime would also be hurt, and perhaps the
~ guardians of the Dreamtime, the Bunyip, would simi-
larly suffer.

The initial and most effective method of destroying
the environment was the introduction of European-style
agriculture. To establish crops and grazing land, the bush had
to be cleared; thus, extensive destruction of bushland began.
Wheat and other cereal crops were planted in order to destroy
native vegetation and exhaust the soil. Rabbits, horses, sheep,
cattle, foxes, pigs, cats and dogs were introduced, and all
inflicted massive damage upon the environment and the
native animal population.

ue

The Garou were slow to realize the implications of the
Squattocracy's actions. Many trusted the Silver Fangs' judg-
ment that Australia had been mismanaged by the Bunyip and
believed that the introduction of European vegetation and
animals was for the best. Silver Fang Kinfolk also sat on the
Squatters' Council, and the Silver Fangs naturally defended
their families from the accusations of other Garou. Only when
irrefutable evidence of the Wyrm's influence in the
Squattocracy was presented to King Greymane by his sen-
eschal, Malcolm As-My-Lord-Commands, did the king act,
rooting out and destroying those among the squatters who
were Bane-ridden or otherwise Wyrm-corrupted. Coupled
with the troubled rule of Earl Blaze, the loss of face the Silver
Fangs experienced over the Squattocracy affair did much to
damage their reputation as leaders of Australia's Garou. The
Fianna exploited this, ridiculing the Silver Fangs' inability to
tule. King Greymane fell victim to Harano and died of shame.

Resistance

The Bunyip began to fight back during this period, attempt-
ing to organize Aboriginal resistance to the invasion. They
met with only marginal success, as Aboriginal history and
tradition left them unprepared for an armed struggle. Still,

Rage Across Australia

aati tiie //.


a A"

some counterstrikes were made. Whites were speared and
their houses burned down. Aboriginals burnt wheat fields,
killed sheep and cattle and murdered European explorers. One
expedition, led by Ludwig Leichhardt, was lured by the Bunyip
through a temporary breach in the Gauntlet and utterly
destroyed.

Notwithstanding, Bunyip attempts at inciting resistance
were doomed from the start. The Europeans had their guns and
were backed, although unknowingly, by the Wyrm. For many
years a state of war existed between the tribes and the invaders.
Aboriginals were shot, tortured, murdered with poisoned flour
and similar gifts, and ravaged by the diseases introduced by the
settlers. Sadly, the superior forces of the Europeans, coupled
with their advanced technology, proved too much for the
Aboriginals. "Dispersion" was implemented on a major scale.
In Queensland a mounted white army, led by one Major
Nunn, was formed to slaughter Aboriginals wherever they
were found. Most important Australian explorers were also
responsible for acts of genocide, although such facts are rarely
taught in schools.

European Garou attempted to establish contact with the
Bunyip, to no avail. In the eyes of the Bunyip, the Garou were
arrogant European invaders, to be avoided and ignored. On
the occasions Garou did come into contact with their Austra-
lian cousins, the Bunyip always withdrew into the Dreamtime,
where they easily lost their pursuers. Shunning violence, the
Bunyip instead turned the land and its spirits against the
human and Garou invaders. Droughts, floods and bushfires
increased as the Bunyip worked their magic, attempting to
drive the invaders back across the sea.

Before 1838, when transportation ended, most European
Australians were convicts, the families of convicts, or aristo-
crats. Silver Fangs and Fianna dominated the Garou in
Australia, with Bone Gnawers and Silent Striders present in
lesser numbers. Shadow Lords, Get of Fenris, and Red Talons
had also emigrated to the colony in these early years. Relations
between Fianna and Silver Fangs remained poor. After 1838,
more Garou Kinfolk arrived in Australia. By 1851 the popu-
lation of Australia numbered some 450,000, of which only
150,000 were convicts. The population of immigrant Garou
now numbered approximately 50.

The Rush for Gold

Gold was discovered in New South Wales at Bathurst and
in Victoria at Glenmoona Station. Between 1850 and 1860
Australia's population more than doubled, swelling from
450,000 people to 1,150,000. An Irish influx, including Garou
and Kinfolk, occurred during the gold rush. Tension between
Silver Fangs and Fianna further increased during this period.
In 1854 this tension once again resulted in violence. The
rebellion known as the Eureka Stockade (in which miners, the
majority of them Irish, revolted at the indignities imposed
upon them by the colonial government) was the result of long
years of frustration and mistreatment. Although fighting was
mainly restricted to Kinfolk and other humans, Garou of both
tribes were involved in the uprising to a degree. At least one

Yk

=
at

Wt

BEAR a4

Silver Fang rode with the troopers responsible for putting
down the revolt, and more than one Fianna sided with the
miners. 22 miners and 6 soldiers died, but no Garou were slain.

The gold rushes in Victoria, New South Wales and West-
em Australia began the process of urbanization that was to
transform Australia. Within 40 years Australia's major cities
had more than doubled in size. It was at this time that
Australia's vampire population began to grow. The Garou
were too preoccupied in minimizing the gold rush's impact on
the environment to notice the number of Leeches creeping
into the country. This period also saw the Glass Walkers begin
their rise to cultural dominance in Australia. Elsewhere, Glass
Walkers were scorned by other Garou; in Australia they hoped
to find freedom and acceptance. They were the only tribe
aware of the growing vampire population, but were ignored by
their fellow Garou when they tried to alert them. Rebuffed, the
Glass Walkers elected to keep their counsel to themselves
thereafter.

The Aboriginal Protection
Board

This inhuman treatment of Koori children [by the Aboriginal
Protection Board] lasted for 60 years, from 1909 to 1969. During
those years over 5300 Koori children were taken away to the homes,
or to domestic service. A very significant number of Koori families
were affected. In fact, it has been established that one in every six
or seven Koori children were taken from their families this century,

Chapter One: History 21

J


while the figure for white children was about one in 300. Many
people, both parents and children, had their lives totally ruined by the
Board's policies. Others were deeply scarred for years. No white
person cried out against this brutal system. I suppose most whites
would plead ignorance, but so did the Germans after the Second
World War.

~~ James Miller, "Koori: A Will to Win"

Pleased with their successful disruption of the environ-
ment, the Wyrm's minions, predominantly Black Spiral Dancer
Kinfolk who had infiltrated Australia's colonial government,
decided to destroy the Bunyip's human Kinfolk. The Aborigi-
nal Protection Board was formed in Melbourne in 1860.
Although allegedly established to help the Aboriginals, it was
designed to ensure their elimination and destroy their tradi-
tional way of life. Aboriginal populations were rounded up and
incarcerated on reserves. In essence, such reserves were con-
centration camps controlled by the Wyrm.

By the 1930s the Aboriginal Protection Board was firmly
entrenched in political circles. Aboriginal children were
stolen from their families and given to white families and
missionaries to raise, resulting in a loss of Aboriginal culture
and identity. Many such children were virtually enslaved,
reared as poorly paid and maltreated servants in upper-class
white homes. (In the World of Darkness this assimilation
continues sporadically up to the present day; in reality it ceased

in 1969.) Only the Children of Gaia fought against the

Aboriginal Protection Board. The Red Talons took advantage
of the formation of Aboriginal reserves to demand the return
of the Impergium; with all the Aboriginals gathered together,
they claimed, it would be easy to monitor their numbers,
culling where necessary. Such a proposal was greeted with
horror by the Children of Gaia; only their outcry prevented
more than a few rogue Red Talons from carrying out their plan.

The War of Cears

Ask me why I write so many poems about the dead,
And I tell you it is because there are so mary of them.

--- Stephen J. Williams, "Flowers for the Dead"

Because of the ever-increasing European population, the
Bunyip and indigenous Australians withdrew into the inte-
rior, where they attempted to limit the expansion of Europeans
and Garou. The Bunyip continued to ignore the Garou, whose
pride could not deal with this insult. Hostility toward the
Bunyip increased. The Red Talons, who aspired to live in the
unspoiled purity of the outback, were the most offended by the
actions of the Bunyip tribe, alchough the Black Furies were
similarly angered by the refusal of the Bunyip to allow them to
dwell in their traditional territories. While the Bunyip at-
tempted to prevent European expansion into the outback, the
Wyrm marshaled its forces. Black Spiral Dancers began to
contact the more inimical Dreamtime spirits. Over time they
subverted the darker spirits to the Wyrm and forged alliances
with others.

HARA,


\ S

pS \
\

\ Bushrangers

Even with Wyrm-corrupted spirits roaming the outback,
the Bunyip remained strong. Mara the Scream, most insidious
corrupter among the Black Spiral Dancers, was chosen to
destroy the tribe's power forever. Playing upon the distrust the
European Garou felt for their Bunyip cousins, Mara the
Scream tricked the Red Talon leader, Wyrmbaiter, into
believing that the Bunyip had killed his sister. Maddened by
grief, Wyrmbaiter led the Garou against the Bunyip. A year of
carnage followed. This genocide is today referred to as the War
of Tears, one of the blackest events in the history of the Garou.
Every last Bunyip was hunted down and killed. With the
destruction of the Bunyip complete, the Black Spiral Dancers
and other Wyrm agents began their conquest of the Dreamtime.
Europeans were also freed to move into the outback.

A period of virtual civil war plagued Australia's Garou, as
they bickered and fought over the vacant Bunyip caerns.
While the more violent tribes fought over caerns that were
later discovered to be inactive, the Glass Walkers drafted plans
for the Jindabyne Council and recruited the Silver Fangs to
their cause. During this short but bloody period, the Shadow
Lords wrested Tasmania from the Black Furies in a swift and
brutal coup.

While these momentous events transpired among the
Garou, humans continued to live their lives in ignorance,
too busy establishing their own distinctly Australian identity

to realize they stood in the midst of a supernatural war.
Bushrangers, outlaws who lived by stealing from institutions
such as banks or wealthy squatters, influenced Australia's
national identity. As with England's highwaymen, a romantic
reputation developed around them. Many bushrangers en-
joyed popular support. Among their ranks were such flamboyant
figures as Captain Midnight and Captain Moonlite, but the
best-known bushranger was Ned Kelly.

Kelly came from a poor Irish family living in north-
ern Victoria. He began his career by shooting a trooper
when the officer came to arrest his brother Dan for

horse-stealing. The Kelly gang raided throughout Victoria and
New South Wales between 1878 and 1880. Among his claims
to fame is Kelly's desire to create an independent Irish state
within Australia. Kelly was a Fianna Kinfolk, his political
dream motivated by the mistreatment the Irish had received
at the hands of the English since Australia's settlement. In
November of 1880 Kelly was captured after a sustained gun
battle, during which he was shot more than six times. His
homemade suit of armor enabled Kelly to withstand his
wounds for some hours. Not until the police fired the house in
which his gang sheltered, killing, among others, Steve Hart
and his lover Joe Byrne, was Kelly captured. Ned Kelly was
sentenced to hang. He is today an Australian hero, especially
among Fianna.

Chapter One: History 23

rn ieimney //,


Fedveration and the Jindabyne
Counal

Before 1900, each of Australia's states was administered as
a separate colony, although support for a national assemblage
had grown since the 1880s. In July 1900, Queen Victoria
(rumored to be the founder of the New World Order Conven-
tion of the Technocracy) approved an act to constitute the
Commonwealth of Australia. A federal government would
have power to enforce and spread the Technocracy's aims and
teachings in the new society. In 1901 the first Australian
government was proclaimed, with great celebration around
the nation and quiet satisfaction in the boardrooms of the
Technocracy.

Echoing this event was the Garou's formation of the
Council of Jindabyne in the Snowy Mountains of New South
Wales. The council's aims were to oversee and coordinate
opposition to the Wyrm's activities, organize the protection of
both the Dreamtime and the outback, and counter any gains
humans had made through the formation of their federal
government. All the tribes were represented upon this coun-
cil, although some were rather unenthusiastic participants.
The Red Talons scorned the council, as did the Get of Fenris
and the Shadow Lords. No tribe, however, could afford to
ignore such a gathering lest it be disenfranchised by its
absence.

The first act of the Jindabyne Council was the division of
Australia into recognized protectorates. The council took
nine months to determine the boundaries of the protectorates,
which were assigned among the septs. Many Garou were
unhappy with the council's decisions and often found them-
selves at odds even with their own representativesat Jindabyne.
Nonetheless, the council's important role in the maintenance
of peace and the resolution of disputes was recognized and
sufficiently valued to permit its continued existence.

Today, the council has largely been reduced to a tool for
tribal infighting and political point-scoring, leading many
younger Garou to question its effectiveness. Even its own
members find its usefulness questionable, and the Jindabyne
Council is in real danger of dissolution.

Che Razor Wars

During the 1920s, Australia, like America, saw the intro-
duction of organized crime. These gangs, controlled by either
Glass Walkers or vampire clans such as the Giovanni and the
Followers of Set, fought over the lucrative cocaine traffic and
other vices of Sydney and Melbourne. The gang leaders
included Kate Leigh and Tilley Devine in Sydney, and Leslie
"Squizzy" Taylor in Melbourne. Taylor was Embraced by Red
Meg, a rogue Brujah, after a gun battle in an inner-city
boarding house, and is today Prince of Melbourne.

Open street warfare between Leeches and Garou occurred
in both Sydney and Melbourne, and only great effort on the
part on the cities' supernatural rulers ensured that these
incidents did not become national news. Neither side could

4
Ld


‘~

A

destroy the other, and eventually the "Cress Truce" (named
after the hotel where it was signed) was negotiated by Luisa
Calabria of Clan Giovanni and Don Abacus of the Glass
Walkers. This uneasy, unnatural truce has been maintained
for the past 60 years. The Cress Truce divides both Sydney and
Melbourne into various zones of Garou and Kindred control,
with each city also possessing areas of neutral ground. Some
Garou point to the truce as evidence of the Glass Walkers'
corruption.

Depression and World War JJ

Arguments rage regarding the role of Leeches in the Great
Depression. Within Australia there can be no doubt that the
Depression was exacerbated by vampiric activities, particu-
larly by the Prince of Sydney. Prince Sarrasine, having only
recently taken control of his city, required a period of eco-
nomic and social unrest to help him establish his rule. While
human stockbrokers were often ruined by the Depression,
Glass Walkers took advantage of the economic mayhem to
improve their power base. Those Glass Walkers with power
bases in organized crime began to lose power to the emerging
corporate arm of the tribe. The Wise Guy camp still bears a
grudge against the Glass Walker Board, which has controlled
the tribe, and much else besides, since the end of the Great
Depression.

World War II had little effect on Australia's Garou until
after the wat was actually over. Following the cessation of
hostilities, a vast influx of displaced European immigrants
migrated to Australia. Among these were many Garou and
their Kinfolk. Black Furies, Get of Fenris, and especially
Shadow Lords were the Garou most commonly represented on
the migrant ships, and did much to bolster the position of their
tribes. The new Garou also did much to aggravate tensions
between Australia's Garou and the Dreamtime spirits. Some
small progress had been made by individual Theurges, but
much of their good work was destroyed by the influx of brash
and proud Garou, who refused to understand the new land and
its spiritual inhabitants.

The Postwar Boom

So you cut all the tall trees down
You poisoned the sky and the sea
You've taken what's good from the ground
But you left precious little for me...
River runs red
Black rain falls
Dust in my hand
River runs red
Black rain falls
On my bleeding land.
— Midnight Oil, "River Runs Red"

The government's mobilization of industry during the
Second World War and the years immediately thereafter
bolstered the effectiveness of big business, preparing society for

Me

what Pentex referred to as "the mechanization of the indi-
vidual." If every person could be reduced to a cog in the world
machine, the aims of Eater-of-Souls would be greatly fur-
thered. Pentex now began to infiltrate Australia's business
community. Companies such as APM (Australian Paper
Manufacturers) and BHP (Broken Hill Proprietaries, a mining
company), which already enjoyed virtual monopolies, were
bought out by Good House International and Harold and
Harold Mining. Exploration in the late 1950s discovered that
Australia possessed some of the richest metal and mineral
deposits in the world; these were immediately exploited via
strip mining and blasting ona massive scale. Such exploration
did not merely aid in locating mineral sites, but also covered
Pentex's search for the Wyrm's great Incarna, trapped deep
below the outback by the Bunyip long ago.

The Garou failed to create a united strategy to deal with
Pentex's excesses. The exploration was concentrated in Uktena
and Red Talon territory; thus, little cooperation was at-
tempted, and the Garou were unable to hamper the
development of the mining industry in any significant fashion.

Australia's economy began to move away from farming and
grazing and toward industrialization, encouraged by highly
placed Pentex officials. This was unwittingly supported by the
Glass Walkers, whose infatuation with technology allowed
them to overlook the damage being done to the environment
in the name of progress. Most tribes have never forgiven the

h

AWS il


Glass Walkers for this, for had they been more vigilant and less
greedy, Australia might still be a largely unspoiled land. (This
negligence is the one blot on the Glass Walkers' sterling
reputation in Australia.) The Glass Walkers rebut that
Australia's ecology had already been vandalized by the intro-
duction of foreign animal and plant species, for which they
could not be blamed, and that the scientific advances the
tribe has patronized have led to new ways of combating the
Wyrm.

As Australian society changed economically, it also began
tochange socially, making the move froma British-dominated
society toa more multicultural one. Asian, Indian and African
students began to win scholarships at Australian universities,
while the government's "populate or perish" creed opened the
gates to an influx of immigrants. Between 1947 and 1959 more
than 700,000 immigrants, many from Mediterranean, Baltic,
Slavic and Scandinavian backgrounds, settled in Australia. By
1960 Australia's population exceeded 10 million.

During this period the Garou experienced their greatest
triumph to date, with the successful completion of the Snowy
River Scheme. As well as allowing the Garou to bring many
of their Kinfolk to Australia to work on the tunnels dug
through the Snowy Mountains, the diverting ofan entire river
inland irrigated vast areas of previously arid landscape.

However, the construction and blasting necessary to divert
the Snowy River angered many spirits, which had been either
ignored or insufficiently placated by the ignorant Garou. The
Children of Gaia objected to the massive engineering scheme,
claiming that rerouting a river was a perversion of Gaia's
natural order, but the Jindabyne Council overruled the tribe's
pleas.

Australia's world view began to change during the 1950s,
partly because of the return of soldiers who had served in the
Pacific, but also because of the introduction of television.
Hosting the 1956 Olympics in Melbourne added to the slow
changes taking place in Australian society. Technological
advances in production and communication, and the in-
creased demand for Australian production during the Cold
War, resulted in a standard of living comparable to that of the
United States of America, with whom Australians increas-
ingly saw themselves as allied. Old allegiances to Great Britain
fell by the wayside among the young, although many imperi-
alists remained, particularly among the middle and upper
classes.

Resentment toward Great Britain increased when the
British government chose Australia asa site for testing nuclear
weapons. Maralinga, a South Australian region perceived as
useless and uninhabited desert, was the site chosen for the
explosion of several nuclear devices. The Aboriginal tribes in
the area were neither consulted nor warned about the tests,
with the result that many of them later died from fallout and
radiation sickness, while others were incinerated in the blast.
Maralinga marked one of the few Bunyip caerns still active,
and was chosen as the test site largely because of the efforts of
a British Black Spiral Dancer. Besides destroying the Bunyip
caern, it was hoped that the nuclear blasts would both awaken
a massive Wyrm-beast slumbering nearby and create a new
Black Spiral caern. The latter action was successful, but the
Wyrm-beast still sleeps (although perhaps not for long).


Doices of (Dissent

Asking Aborigines to celebrate the landing of the First Fleet was

like asking the Jews to celebrate the birth of the Third Reich.
— Gary Foley, Aboriginal activist

The 1960s saw Australians begin to question their new
American masters. The carnage of Vietnam, in which Austra-
lian troops fought for U.S. interests, opened the eyes of many.
Even as the war raged in Vietnam, rebellion grew among the
Australian populace. Stargazers and Children of Gaia were
instrumental in leading demonstrations against the war, which
led to the rediscovery of spiritualism and rejection of the
barren values of capitalism commonly found among the '60s
counterculture. Conflict among the Garou was commonplace
during the ‘60s, and the Jindabyne Council was sorely pressed
to keep its members from one another's throats.

The Present

Maintain your rage.
~~ Gough Whitlam, Australian Prime Minister

1972-1975

Following 23 years in opposition, the Labor Party, led by
Gough Whitlam, was elected in 1972. It immediately began to
make sweeping social reforms, including the introduction of
socialized medicine and the tentative recognition of Aborigi-
nal land rights, The party's first action in office was to om
withdraw Australian troops from Vietnam. Despite its good
intentions, the Labor Party was internationally and economi-
cally inexperienced; as a result, inflation and unemployment _ rather than with Britain or the U.S., that the nation's future
increased dramatically during its reign. The party's strong _ lies.
stand on environmental issues earned the Whitlam govern- The taint of the Wyrm can now be found at every level of
ment the enmity of Pentex, and steps were taken to ensure its Australian society. Political and economic control are assur-
dismissal. Not even the number of Kinfolk working as advisors edly in the hands of the Wyrm's minions, although the Garou

to the government could prevent the government's dismissal. _attle in these arenas as in any other. Although no Garou yet
On November 11th, 1975, the Labor government was sacked —_gpenly defies the increasingly weak Jindabyne Council and its
by the Governor General, an act that sent shockwaves rip- edicts, it is increasingly viewed as anachronistic. Several
pling through the country. powerful mages have allied themselves with the Wyrm in

The 1980s saw Pentex recognize that ithad paidtoomuch exchange for personal power, and many Dreamtime spirits
attention to economic power in the past, allowing Australian have been corrupted by Black Spiral Dancers. Worse, old
politicians relative freedom. Economic might was used to buy —_ Bunyip caerns, long in the hands of the Garou, have begun to
into the two main political parties. Boom times for bigbusiness weaken and die. Outback septs have been attacked by
followed. The Garou matched Pentex's advances by support- — unknown assailants, leaving only a handful of insane survi-
ing smaller political groups that focused on environmental _vors, who are unable to provide coherent descriptions of the
and social issues. Australia's first Green politicians wereelected attackers. Umbral Moon Paths twist back upon themselves or
to federal and state parliaments in the ‘80s, while increasing vanish overnight. No explanation for these events has been
Glass Walker influence in the media drew attention to envi- _ forthcoming. It is not even known if they are related. Fear of
ronmental issues, such as the proposeddammingofthe Franklin an unknown enemy spreads slowly among the Garou. Many
River. Decades of conflict in Southeast Asia fostered an influx believe that Australia is to be the first battleground of the
of refugees from countries such as Vietnam and Cambodia. Apocalypse, and that withoutspirit allies, the Garou will stand
Today Australia is cementing its ties with Asia, aspoliticaland _ helpless against the rising Wyrm.
public leaders recognize that it is with the Asia-Pacific region,

ue

Ze
Chapter One: History
OF PT inion //,


DUPRE TIATE

—
= =
= =
— 4 a
= =
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
=
= =
= —
= —
—} —
ant —
=
Ue

awe

(07S

oh, op
?~ mr 4s Uae '
2 a — 2

a n

iY

NSA

In Australia alone is to be found the Grotesque, the Weird, the strange scribblings of Nature
learning how to write. Some see no beauty in our trees without shade, our flowers without
perfume, our birds who cannot fly, and our beasts who have not yet learned to walk on all fours.
But the dweller of the wilderness acknowledges the subtle charm of this fantastic land of

monstrosities.

~ Marcus Clarke, author of "For the Term of His Natural Life"

Australia is the largest island in the world, and the only
continent to consist of a single country. Australia has
38,000 kilometers of coast. The continent stretches over
4200 kilometers from east to west and 3400 kilometers from
north to south. Australia covers an area roughly equivalent
to the United States (excluding Alaska). Whereas the
population of the U.S. is some 250 million, Australia is
home to little more than 17 million people, about 11
million of whom live in the eight major cities: Adelaide,
Brisbane, Canberra, Darwin, Hobart, Melbourne, Perth
and Sydney. Two-thirds of this urban population lives in
Melbourne and Sydney.

Settlement is concentrated on Australia's fertile eastern
and southeastern coast, where five of the eight capitals lie
and where most major provincial cities are located. The
remainder of the country consists of the thinly populated
outback, a term generally used to describe the arid inland
regions lying beyond the verdant slopes of the Great Divid-

ing Range. The outback covers more than three-quarters of
the Australian continent. While the popular image of
Australia is that of a parched, sunburnt and empty land,
only 20% of Australia's population experiences the loneli-
ness and desolation of the outback.

For tens of thousands of years, the Pacific Ocean isolated
Australia from the world at large. This allowed an abundant
variety of unique flora and fauna, Gaia's earliest experi-
ments, to thrive. Similarly, until the European invasion of
the [8th century, Australia was home to over 200 separate
tribes whose lifestyle, unchanged for millennia, displayed a
profound intimacy with the environment. The Australian
population was an estimated 750,000 when white settlers
arrived at Botany Bay in 1788. The European campaign of
genocide, coupled with the effects of previously unknown
diseases such as smallpox and syphilis, caused the deaths of
more than 600,000 Aboriginal people in the following
years.

Chapter Two: Geography 29

/ i immaay //,


Conversions: Measurements of distance are
given in kilometers. One kilometer equals .6214
miles. One meter equals 3.3 feet.

Climate and
Environment

The daughter works over ploughed hills,

not much grows there

the wind pelts the earth

and the sound

is the sound of her hopes and her dreams

tied to the seasons' heartless rounds.

-~ Not Drowning, Waving, "Yellow Earth"

Australia is an old land; its mountains are worn down,
and its rocky bones lie exposed. Two-fifths of the continent
lies above the Tropic of Capricorn, where severe cyclones
occasionally strike the coast, bringing violent, 160-kilome-
ter+ winds and flooding rain. Of Australia's capital cities,
Darwin and Brisbane are most at risk from cyclones. Lo-
cated in the Southern Hemisphere, Australia's seasons are
the reverse of those in the Northern Hemisphere. Australia's
summer begins in December; its winter, in June. Snowfalls
are uncommon except on the highest peaks; none of
Australia's cities experiences snow except in freak weather
conditions. No Australian mountains are above the perma-
nent snowline.

As well as being the flattest continent in the world,
Australia also qualifies as the driest. The average Austra-
lian rainfall is only 420 millimeters, compared with a world
average of 660 millimeters. Most of this rain falls along the
east coast, or in the southwest, around Perth. Australia's
vast deserts receive less than 127 millimeters of rain a year,
although when it does rain in the outback, the showers are
brief but torrential. Australia's enormous size creates a
considerable range of climatic variation. Despite the
continent's general aridity, Australia also supports pockets
of lush rainforest.

Australia's eastern seaboard enjoysa pleasant, temperate
climate for much of the year. Sydney, for example, has an
average summer temperature of 22 degrees Celsius and a
winter temperature of 12 degrees Celsius. Irregular cycles of
flooding, drought and bushfires are triggered by extremes in
the Australian climate. The lowest temperature ever re-
corded in Australia was -22 degrees Celsius (-8 degrees
Fahrenheit) at Charlotte Pass, New South Wales, in Au-
gust 1947; the highest was 53 degrees Celsius (127 degrees
Fahrenheit) at Cloncurry, Queensland, in January 1889.

East Coast

The eastern seaboard has most suffered from European
habitation. Early settlers, disturbed by the alien landscape

30 Rage Across Australia

OAL Ts TE teeny //,

in which they found themselves, did their best to transplant
amore familiar environment onto Australian soil. Uncom-
fortable with the sun-bleached browns, dusty grays and
olive greens that predominated prior to their arrival, the
European invaders sought to establish a brighter, softer
landscape, one more pleasing to their eyes. Native forests
were uprooted and burnt out, replaced by fruit trees, green
fields, and stands of artificially nurtured English wood-
lands. Wildlife was killed or driven off, to be replaced by
herds of sheep and cattle whose grazing destroyed native
grasslands, while Aboriginal tribes were shot, poisoned, or
imprisoned on missions and reserves. Worst of all were the
huge, sprawling cities established along the east and south-
east coasts. Melbourne alone is twice the size of Los Angeles,
although housing a dramatically smaller population.

Great Dividing Range

These vast, weathered mountains extend 3100 kilome-
ters along the east coast of Australia —~ from Cape York in
Queensland's far north, down through New South Wales,
swinging west in Victoria to form the Australian Alps, and
continuing south into Tasmania as islands across Bass
Strait. The Great Dividing Range separates the coastal
plains from the outback. Its mountains lie an average
distance of 130 kilometers from the coast, although in some
areas the Great Divide stands as much as 400 kilometers
from the sea.

The range contains many and varied ecosystems within
its length, from tropical rainforest to alpine meadow. Rain-
fall on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range flows
directly to the Pacific Ocean, accounting for the lush
growth of the eastern seaboard. Rainfall on the western
slopes either flows into the Darling and Murray River
system to be carried southwest to the sea, or flows into the
outback to be swallowed by the dry earth.

Included among the mountains of the Great Divide is
Australia's highest peak, Mt. Kosciusko, which rises 2200
meters above sea level. Not always so rugged as its name
suggests, the Great Dividing Range possesses many spec-
tacular and scenic areas. One such area is the New England
Tableland, which, at 26,000 square kilometers, is Australia's
largest plateau. The highest points of the tableland are less
than 32 kilometers from the sea. Here, the steep descent of
the eucalyptus-clad slopes to the shore creates beautiful
tableaux. South of the New England Tableland lie the
world-famed Blue Mountains, rich in gorges and waterfalls.
Further south, in the Australian Alps, the mountains are
covered with deep, crisp snow for three months or longer
each winter, while in summer the high alpine plains are
speckled with bright wildflowers and crisscrossed by swiftly
flowing streams. The Snowy River catchment area lies high
in the Snowy Mountains, an area of the Australian Alps.

Che Murray River

Australia's greatest river, the Murray, rises in the Snowy
Mountains, beginning its journey to the sea as a swift stream


~

of clear, icy water. After the river reaches the flat plains of
the Upper Murray Valley, it matures, becoming a broad,
slow course of muddy water. The Murray's meanderings
produce numerous billabongs, swamps and marshes. As it
flows, the Murray is fed by many tributaries, including the
mighty Darling and Murrumbidgee Rivers. By the time it
enters South Australia, the swollen Murray is a major
waterway, sedately making its way past the many limestone
cliffs that are a feature of its course in this state. After
passing through Lake Alexandrina and Lake Albert, the
Murray River pours its waters into the sea through a narrow
mouth slowly becoming choked with sand and sediment.

The 2750-kilometer Murray River drains more than a
fifth of Australia's water from four states. It is dotted with
houseboats, water skiers, paddle steamers, and pleasure
craft. European carp have been introduced to its waters,
with serious impact on native fish, while the river itself has
been ignored, abused and maltreated by generations of
Australians.

Outback

More than half the continent consists of the outback, an
arid region of desert, scrub, rocky plains, salr lakes and
mountainous tablelands. This barren region is also known
as the Red Centre or Dead Heart. The outback is domi-
nated by the Western Plateau, a 19,300-kilometer expanse
of dusty red and yellow-ochre earth. The outback also
includes the sand-blown wastes of the Gibson and Great

Sandy Deserts, as well as the massive sandstone outcroppings
of Katajuta and Uluru, known to Europeans as the Olgas
and Ayers Rock respectively.

Outback rivers and lakes are dry for most of the year. The
best-known temporary body of water in the outback is the
240-kilometer Lake Eyre, whose salt flats gleam stark white
under the merciless rays of the sun. After the occasional
downpour the desert blooms ina brief but beautiful display,
as its lakes and rivers fill. The northern coast, bordering the
outback, is wetter; grasslands and mangrove swamps cluster
along its shore.

Although much of the outback is wilderness, and some
is protected national park, the area is not unspoiled. The
Wyrm has encroached even within the borders of the parks,
supposedly government-designated wildlife sanctuaries.

Southwest

Unlike most of Western Australia, the southwest of the
state enjoys adequate and well-distributed rainfall, and has
a climate that in Europe would be described as Mediterra-
nean. The southwest is a prosperous farming area, producing
dairy products, beef, fruit, vegetables and wool. As might be
expected, the Wyrm's minions are well established in the
area. Ports such as Bunbury, 190 kilometers southeast of
Perth, produce titanium dioxide, used in the manufacture
of paints and other chemicals. Western Australia's only

Chapter Two: Geography 31

Y aati ete //,

\ el


A

—

coal deposits are also found nearby. Pollution from mining
further degrades the environment.

Inland, che southwest is wooded and rugged. A national
park has been set aside on the 100-kilometer stretch of
coast between Capes Naturaliste and Leeuwin, and con-
tains at least 120 limestone caves. Few of the caverns have
been fully explored, and only four are open to the public.

More than 6,000 species of plants found in the southwest
are unique to the area, including jarrah and karri, giant
hardwood eucalyptuses that can reach 87 meters in height.
Forests of these trees tower amid the region. Thirty-seven
of Australia's 54 species of banksias also grow in the region.
The southwest's resident fauna population similarly con-
tains many animal species found nowhere else in Australia.
The region's offshore islands have provided refuges for
many rare marsupials.

Great Barrier Reef

The Great Barrier Reef is one of Gaia's natural wonders.
It is the world's largest coral reef, stretching south from the
Torres Strait and paralleling the coast for some 2000
kilometers. Amid the limestone rock formed from the
calcified exoskeletons of more than 300 species of coral
polyps dwells a diversity of life, color and form unmatched
anywhere else in the ocean. The reef houses thousands of
species of brightly colored fish, mollusks, echinoderms,
coelenterates, crustaceans and other creatures. The reef

also provides haven to the mysterious Rokea, or weresharks,
who patrol its waters.

Even the Rokea's vigilance, however, has not saved the
reef from the depravations of humanity; fishing, oil explo-
ration and family resorts threaten the Barrier Reef's fragile
ecosystem. Silt stirred up by underwater mining endangers
the coral, which can only survive in warm, clear water
where sunlight is plentiful. The Great Barrier Reef bleaches
and dies by the year, and the Rokea's eyes turn with growing
wrath toward the surface world...

Politics and Economics

Each of Australia's eight states and territories has its own
government, which administrates day-to-day functions such
as education, health, lands, water supply and emergency
services. The increasingly powerful federal government,
located in Canberra, is responsible for interstate and inter-
national affairs, tertiary education, defense and nationwide
health initiatives.

Australia's political parties are unstable, occasionally
collapsing and reforming in new combinations. This is
particularly true of conservative parties during the 20th
century, although the increasingly middle-of-the-road, so-
cialist Labor Party has also suffered from two major splits in
its history. The National Party (previously called the Coun-
try Party, and largely representing rural interests) and the
Liberal Party are Australia's two main conservative parties.
Independent candidates, often representing environmen-
tal interests, have flourished since the 1980s. In Gothic-Punk
Australia, elected governments wield even less power than
they do in real life; business interests influence most politi-
cal decisions. °

Each state is led by a Premier, who commands the
currently elected political party, while the federal leader is
known as the Prime Minister. Australia's political structure
resembles that of England, on which itis based. The Queen,
Australia's official head of state, is represented by a Gover-
nor at state level, and federally by the Governor General.
It is within the power of the Governor General to dismiss
elected governments and to muster the armed forces. The
various Parliament Houses, at state and federal levels, are
divided into upper and lower houses, with representatives
elected approximately every three years.

Economically, Australia was ruled in the 19th century by
large-scale pastoralists, who developed the wool industry.
This Squattocracy was riddled by servants of the Wyrm.
Pastoralists remain influential in rural areas, despite having
suffered great losses at the hands of the Garou. Improve-
ments in machine technology (particularly mining
technology) toward the end of the 19th century allowed
industrialists to challenge the pastoralists' supremacy. By
the end of World War II, industrialists ruled Australia
through its economy. Over the long term, industrialization
transformed rural laborers into an industrial proletariat,

Rage Across Australia

etait //,

aA


~

changed cities from seaports into polluted manufacturing
centers, and drastically redirected the economy.

Travel

Australia is no longer an isolated continent, thanks to
the scientific advances of the 20th century. Even as late as
the 1950s the majority of international travelers arrived in
Australia after sea journeys lasting many months. Today
most international airlines, including British Airways,
Continental, Garuda and Aeroflot, offer direct flights to
Australia. International flights generally land in either
Sydney or Melbourne. From the U.S.A., airlines fly across
the Pacific, stopping over in Hawaii and New Zealand
before arriving in Australia. From Europe, airplanes stop
over in Kuwait and Singapore. The aerial journey to Aus-
tralia from either Europe or the U.S. lasts approximately 24
hours, although U.S. travelers lose a day when they cross
the International Date Line. Australians and others travel-
ing to America gain a day for the same reason. Australia
itself is divided into three time zones: Eastern Standard
Time; Central Time, which applies to south, central and
northern Australia and is half an hour behind the east; and
Western Time, which is three hours behind Eastern Stan-
dard Time.

Australia's capital cities are well serviced by public
transport, although the nature of these systems varies from
city to city. A sprawling network of trains accesses Sydney's
many suburbs, while Melbourne is famed for its trams.
Public transport in Adelaide, Perth and Canberra is pre-
dominantly via bus. Crossing the country is done by train,
notably the Indian-Pacific, which travels from Perth to
Sydney in three days; by air, flying Australian Airlines or
Quantas; or by road. National highways generally cling to
the coast; an exception is the Stuart Highway, a 2800-
kilometer road bisecting the outback from Adelaide to
Darwin. Such highways are maintained by the federal
government.

States of Australia

(Refer to the map at the end of this book.)

Australia's six states and two territories have their own
unique qualities, as do their capital cities. Australia's capi-
tals, despite being settled in three different centuries, are
surprisingly similar. Because the majority of early settlers
were British, the cities they founded shared the same basic
laws, customs, institutions and language. This differs con-
siderably from the United States, for example, where an
early influx of various nationalities significantly affected
city growth during the founding years.

Australian capitals settled in the 18th and 19th centu-
ties were laid out on sites chosen for their proximity to the
coast and fresh water, as well as for their strategic value in
defending what was then an isolated and vulnerable British
colony. Unlike European capitals, Australian cities were

Chapter Two: Geography

A ————

planned and carefully laid out in a grid pattern. Lesser
villages around the cities have been swallowed and con-
sumed as the cities grew, surviving today as suburbs.
Although the Garou do not recognize political boundaries,
the states are discussed here in order to present a more
detailed overview of the Australian continent.

Australian Capital Cerritory

The site of Australia's national capital was chosen in
1909, although it would be another four years before
Canberra's first foundation stones were laid. The Austra-
lian Capital Territory originally consisted of 2360 square
kilometers at an average of 580 meters above sea level. An
additional 73 square kilometers on the coast at Jervis Bay
was annexed with the intent to establish a seaport for the
capital. This never came about, but today Jervis Bay is the
home of the Royal Australian Naval College and a haven
for vacationers in summer. Outside the capital, the ACT is
arich agricultural area supporting horses, cattle and sheep.

New South Wales

There was a time when New South Wales was the only
colony in Australia, and its inhabitants' belief that it
remains the most important and influential state is under-
standable. Important as it may be, New South Wales is far
from the physically largest state, with just over 800,000
square kilometers of territory. However, this land is inhab-
ited by more than 4,500,000 people — almost a third of the
Australian population in just over 10% of its area. Of those,
more than 60% live in metropolitan Sydney, the capital of
the state and the first city of the Commonwealth.

Some 70 kilometers from Sydney rear the Blue Mountains.
Beyond the escarpment is the rolling countryside of the west,
traditionally given over to wheat and wool. Southern central
New South Wales, known as the Riverina, is heavily irrigated
as a result of the Snowy Mountain Scheme, and produces
wheat, oats, barley and fruit. In the state's far west lie the
beginnings of the outback. South of Sydney stretches the
Illawarra Coast, where Australians pursue their love of the sea
and sand. Marring the splendor of the region is the industrial
city of Wollongong (population 200,000). Exploiting the oil-
bearing shale found locally, Wollongong manufactures coal,
iron, steel and industrial chemicals. Banes infest this bleak,
gray, depressing city. Further south are the towns of Bateman's
Bay (popular among surfers), and Ulladulla, located at the
northern end of almost 40 miles of coastal lakes and lagoons.
To Sydney's north is Newcastle, an important industrial city.
The Hunter Valley runs inland from Newcastle, producing
some of Australia's finest wines. Further north, the New South
Wales coast is predominantly rural, producing fruit, sugar,
maize and vegetables, as well as hosting a large beef and dairy
industry. Once an area of swamps and wetlands, most of New
South Wales' north coast has long since been drained to
provide farmland. This policy has resulted in severe soil
erosion and the collapse of the delicate wetland ecosystems.

33

einem //,


Northern Cerritory

The Northern Territory is six times larger than Great
Britain. Its borders encompass almost a sixth of the continent.
The Territory is almost entirely tropical, with only a small
section of its total area lying below the Tropic of Capricorn.
Between November and April the area endures its wet season,
a period of heavy rainfall and hot humid weather. By contrast,
the dry season, corresponding to the rest of the continent's
winter, is warm and pleasant. In the Territory's north are
monsoon-swept coastal plains, near sea level and extensively
forested. The coast itself is tropical. In the far northwest of the
Territory, and in the south, near Alice Springs, are low
mountain ranges. Between the ranges and the coast lies semi-
desert. Unfit for agriculture, the desert has been less damaged
by European colonization than other parts of Australia have.
The seemingly lifeless scrub and sands are rich in native fauna,
active only around dusk and dawn. Beneath the soil lie
substantial deposits of gold, copper, iron and other minerals.
Mining operations to extract these geologic riches threaten
the otherwise unspoiled environment. The southern and
northern coastal areas of the Northern Territory support
cattle; more than one cattle station in the Territory is larger
than the U.S. state of Connecticut.

Queensland

Queensland is Australia's second-largest state, covering
1,728,000 square kilometers. It is larger than the British
Isles, France, Belgium, Germany, Italy and Greece com-
bined. Half in the tropics, Queensland has the climatic
range to produce sugar, pineapples, coffee, apples, cotton
and grain; the state also supports a massive sheep, beef and
dairy industry. Queensland contains huge reserves of gas,
oil, coal, lead, bauxite, copper, silver, manganese and zinc
beneath its varied topography. It also supports a thriving
tourist industry, exploiting the state's rainforests, coral
reefs and long miles of beaches. Despite these redeeming
features, Queensland is Australia's "Deep North," with an
unpleasant reputation for rednecks, racism, and govern-
ment and police corruption.

In the state's far north, on the Cape York Peninsula, a
reclusive scientific community is building a rocket-launch-
ing platform from which to fire Australian satellites into
orbit. In Cape York, the mountains of the Great Dividing
Range rear only 24 kilometers from the coast. Their heavily
forested slopes include tropical rainforest such as the
Daintree National Park, where crocodiles regularly claim
unwary or foolish tourists. In Queensland's west lie the
semi-arid plains of the Great Artesian Basin, a parched and
stony desert. The many artesian wells in the area permit
sheep to be raised, but because of this, the water table has
become dangerously low and is still dropping.

South Australia

Unlike the eastern states it adjoins, South Australia
eg has little high ground, although the Mount Lofty
Ranges and the craggy Flinders Ranges are ex-
ceptions. Sixty percent of the state is arid
desert. Close to the Victorian border stands

" the extinct and flooded volcano Mount Gam-

bier; its crater lakes have become considerable
tourist attractions. North of the state capital,
Adelaide, stretches the Barossa Valley, settled by
disaffected German Lutherans early in the state's history.
They brought the art of winemaking with them, and today
the Barossa is renowned for its many wineries. Northwest of
Adelaide is Maralinga, access to which is still prohibited.
Permission is also needed to enter the adjoining Woomera
Restricted Area, which has been used since the early 1950s
for rocket and weapons testing, army exercises and training.
South Australia is the only state in Australia to have passed
laws restricting logging to timber plantations.

(Casmania

Tasmania, off Australia's southern coast, is the smallest
state in the Commonwealth. It bears the distinction of
being the most mountainous island in the world. Because of
its isolation, Tasmania has retained a largely Anglo-Saxon
population, unlike the increasingly multicultural main-


7 (e>

—,
Fase
Me

ear \ Y LS
~?,
Reef " San
. n} Qne \ i \ <
~ i] Aye
VAS ee
GOAN
J a KOON
aS ae
weil oe ty way. ? aap
\ ‘ hy ; fi ~
4, * 4 Xs
ey AB. i ~
SB ae ™ Se,
~ ow 1 a mon,
OF Mepe f, o . hy' ae * me
ae ad 4 sn S ri ma
nad \ \ S ™ tea

Lf?

land. Tasmanians are dismissed as inbred and provincial by
mainlanders, for whom Tasmanians display equal con-
tempt.

The island was settled by Europeans as the prison of a
penal colony continent, the perfect dumping ground for
difficult, dangerous and otherwise incorrigible offenders.
The conditions under which these convicts labored were
extremely brutal. The best example of such settlements is
Port Arthur, today a tourist attraction. Transportation of
convicts to Tasmania continued until 1853, and Port
Arthur remained an active penal colony until 1877, Until
1852 Tasmania was known as Van Dieman's Land, after the
Governor-General of the Dutch Indies, under whose orders
the haphazard navigator Abel Tasman discovered and
partially mapped Tasmania in 1642.

When European settlers arrived in Tasmania in 1803,
the island was home to the oldest Aboriginal tribe in
Australia. Because of the tribe's resistance to the invaders,
its members were subjected to a campaign of genocide
unparalleled in Australia's savage history. Most of the four
or five thousand Tasmanian Aboriginals were killed in the
first 20 years of European settlement. Similarly, the Tasma-
nian tiger, or thylacine, was driven to extinction by settlers.
Colonization in Tasmania was ferocious, sweeping away
anything that stood between it and total domination of the
island. Fortunately, the settlers were not completely suc-
cessful. Southwest Tasmania has not been thoroughly
explored even today, and it is possible that thylacines still

survive in the area's inaccessible forests and deep ravines.
Tasmania's mountainous Central Plateau rises to heights of
almost 1500 meters above sea level. Alpine meadows, deep
tarns and rushing, icy streams cover the plateau. The north
coast, by contrast, is flat, fertile, and given ovef to farming.
Apples and hops are Tasmania's largest cash crops.

Victoria

Despite having a smaller area than any other mainland
state, Victoria houses almost a quarter of Australia's popu-
lation. Ar 228,000 square kilometers (half the size of
Germany), Victoria has the greatest population density on
the continent. High rainfall (63.5 centimeters by compari-
son to the national average of 42 centimeters), fertile soils
and extensive irrigation result in flourishing crops and
livestock: citrus fruits in the north, wheat in the west, and
dairy products, wool and meat across the state. The state
capital is Melbourne, which was also the national capital in
the years between the country's federation and the found-
ing of Canberra.

The Great Dividing Range bisects Victoria, although an
important pass, the Kilmore Gap, lies just north of
Melbourne, permitting access to the fertile lands of the
Murray River Valley. The area south of the Great Divide
and east of Melbourne is named Gippsland. The largest
open-cut coal mine in Australia is found here, in an area
that was once a vast swamp. In East Gippsland flourish
several stands of temperate rainforest, now under threat

Chapter Two: Geography 35

FOF L LA PT LE ST TL TY


Speers rere. ere aren erence arvana rem mr wremmearenars

a AA

from logging and woodchipping. The coast is dominated by
a series of lakes and lagoons. Central Gippsland is flat and
fertile, squeezed between the Great Dividing and Strzelecki
Ranges, and given over to a large dairy industry. Spectacu-
lar coastlines west of Port Phillip Bay (the largest natural
port on the southern Australian coast) prove constant
tourist attractions, as do the parades of fairy penguins and
the koala sanctuaries of Phillip Island.

The state's southwest, known as the Western District, is
the world's largest uninterrupted lava plain, and is scattered
with several extinct volcanoes. The area was once exten-
sively forested, but has longsince been cleared as pasture for
sheep and cattle. The rugged coastline of the Western
District, dominated by forested highlands, gives way to flat
and uninteresting terrain inland. Victoria's central west,
the Wimmera, provides farmland for the growth of wheat,
oats and cereals. Several of Victoria's largest national parks
are found in the Wimmera; one such houses the Grampians,
a series of spectacular sandstone outcroppings. As well as
featuring Aboriginal rock art and a large variety of wildlife,
the Grampians were the retreat of Ben Hall, a bushranger.
In the extreme northwest of Victoria is the Mallee District,
conforming in part to the stereotypical picture of Australia;
the flat, red, semi-arid plain of the outback. Victoria's
northern border is largely delineated by the Murray River.

Western Australia

Western Australia, Australia's largest state, is three
times the size of Texas. Despite its size (almost third of the
continent's land mass), it houses under 5% of the popula-
tion. From extreme northwest to southwest, Western
Australia stretches for more than 2,400 kilometers. Despite
its size, the state has less than 177,000 kilometers of road,
most of them dirt tracks providing little more than an
indication of direction through the endless spinifex and
saltbush. Western Australia's terrain is mostly flat, around
305 meters above sea level, arid, and largely incapable of
supporting agriculture. Its red sands hide vast mineral
wealth, which, despite a century of mining, remains gener-
ally unassessed and untouched.

The northwest of the state, some 151,800 square kilome-
ters, holds barely 30,000 inhabitants. Features of the area
include the Hammersley Ranges. The Hammersleys are
Western Australia's highest peaks, great rugged hillsides
whose steep and colorful valleys stretch for more than 400
kilometers across the Pilbara District. In the far north of the
state is found the Kimberley region, an area of worn ranges
and splendid gorges.

Cities of Western Australia include Perth, the state
capital; Albany, a holiday resort and deep-water port,
where Australia's last shore-based whaling station operated
until 1978; and Fremantle, briefly home to the America's
Cup.

Garou Protectorates

Older than Kosciusko

Driven back to Alice Springs

Endless storm and struggle

Mark the spirit of the age.

— Midnight Oil, "Kosciusko"

(Refer to the map at the end of this book.)

The Garou have divided Australia into 19 protectorates
(not including the cities, which are battlegrounds between
werewolves and vampires, as well as being contested among
the Garou tribes). Some of these protectorates are vast
areas, covering many thousands of square kilometers; oth-
ers are quite small. At least one caern is found in every
protectorate. Not all caerns are described in the text,
leaving Storytellers free to create their own should they
desire.

Arnhem Land Protectorate

This protectorate encompasses Arnhem Land itself (a
restricted area governed by local Aboriginal tribes), as well
as the magnificent Kakadu Waifional Park. The protector-
ate is the domain of Black

The Arnhem Furie
nium mine in Kakag
unite the land's

the mine's closure
Reactionary elem
with increasit

uries have sought to
an attempt to force
e had little success.

Furies suggest

provides haven for a small but
deadly pack of Black Spiral Dancers, who rarely leave
Ranger's immediate envifons.

Black Spirals may nofbe the only other inhabitants of
Arnhem Land. Local Aboriginal legends describe the
Gumagan, crocodile men, said to be spirits of Arnhem
Land's lagoons and rivers. The Black Furies have yet to
determine the significance of such tales.

The City of Darwin

Australia's northernmost capital was founded in 1869. It
was designed to be a second Singapore, capitalizing on the
trade potential of the nearby Indonesian archipelago. This
grand idea was foiled for many years by the antagonism and
xenophobia of white Australians. Only in recent years does
it seem possible for the plans of Darwin's founder to see
fruition. Darwin provides a strategic base for navy vessels
patrolling the northern seas; this factor also played a part in
deciding the city's location. Darwin's population, under
100,000, is a cosmopolitan blend of European Australian,
Aboriginal Australian and Asian, particularly Chinese.

36 Rage Across Australia

LL EERIE. CRP, ESD LT TD, Shs PE ETE, PF ELD IL


eS AY

Darwin's tropical climate and heterogeneous citizenry
combine to make the city significantly different from other
Australian capitals, both culturally and physically. The city
has a reputation as a rough frontier town. Darwin's popula-
tion consumes more alcohol per head than that of any other
Australian city. The city is unusually modern in appear-
ance, a result of rebuilding following Japanese bombing in
World War II and, more recently, Cyclone Tracey, which
devastated Darwin in 1974. Although the city lagged
behind the rest of Australia for many years, the discovery of
nearby uranium deposits in the 1950s boosted its economy
and population considerably.

Namorrkan Caern

Caern: Arnhem Land

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Lightning

Tribal Structure: Only Black Furies. The caern is closed
to all male Garou, but female visitors are permitted unless
they are Red Talons.

Totem: Namortkan, the Lightning Spirit

This well-guarded caern lies in the escarpment region of
northern Kakadu National Park, some 50 kilometers west
of the Arnhem Land border. The ridge on which the caern
stands is called ‘Lightning Dreaming' by the local Aborigi-
nal people. The area is taboo to the local Aboriginals, who
believe that Namorrkan will strike dead with his lightning
any who dare to venture too close to the site. The caern lies
atop a bare hill, encircled by tree:
below contains a gallery of rock art, among which is
pictured Namorrkan himself.

A cavern in the hill

Namorrkan Caern is closely guarded by the Black Furies,
despite the fact that the Lightning Man has not spoken to
them since they took control of the site following the War
of Tears. Namorrkan is an aloof, elemen

spirit who
speaks only to men. The Black Furies of Arnhem Land
debate among themselves whether to ask other Garou for
help in contacting the spirit (with his aid, the nearby
Ranger uranium mine might be destroyed), although their
pride has thus far prevented them from taking such action.

The Cape York Protectorate

More than 90% of Cape York, Australia's northernmost
protectorate, remains pristine wilderness. Cape York pro-
vides refuge for 633 species of end@fig lants, more than
$e Jardine River
ustralia's most

any other biological region in

vamps, heaths
and rainforest. The thy
also contained withi
the south lies thé"Da
fainforest grows' dain
haired al
inhabited by sltwa

dugongs. The Great Barrier Reef is found in the waters east
of Cape York. The warm, shallow waters of the Gulf of
Carpentaria, lying off the C
barramundi and great shoals of prawns. A bauxite smelter

pe's west coast, are home to.

has been proposed for Weipa, a coastal town; naturally, the
Red Talon guardians of Cape York will do anything to
prevent this development.

The Eungella Protectorate

From the tropical city of Cairns, south along the co:
far as Fraser Island, and bordéred to the west by the Great
Dividing Range, lies the Stargazer protectorate of Eungella

tas

From Eungella's shores one fffay gazeybut over the crystal-
aters of the Gieat Baffier Réef, or inland to Bartle
Frere, Queensland's highest mounfain. Is 1622-meter peak
offers an unparalleled Yiew across fe Arthurton Table-
lands, including the Ctafer lakes 6f Barrine and Eacham,
and the Coral Sea, where lit/Himehinbrook Island.

In the southerna@aches ofhe protectorate stretch the
Mount Etna bat homdt@the@ndangered little bent-
wing bat. Some of MofineBuiia's 46.caves Raye already been
destroyed by blaStingfIn fhe west of Eungella winds
Carnarvon Gorge, it00-meter wall
and orchids and de€orated with Aboriginal rock art.

Fraser Island, which markg/the southern border of the
protectorate, is the world's largest sand island. Its dunes rise
to 235 meters and supporta rich growth of rainforest, as well
as some 40 freshwater lakes. To date, the Stargazers and

SOO

7) D *S

blue w

festooned with ferns


their Kinfolk have successfully defeated any attempts by
the government to mine Fraser Island's mineral sands.

The Web of Dreaming Hands

Caern: Queensland, Carnarvon Gorge

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: True Dreaming

Tribal Structure: Stargazers; other tribes are allowed to
visit with Stargazer permission.

Totem: Fog

Thiscaern issituated within the 30-kilometer Carnarvon
Gorge system. The gorge floor is covered in dense rainforest.
Inaconcealed valley, a tributary of the major gorge system,
lies the Web of Dreaming Hands. Within this lesser canyon
live thousands of spiders, spinning webs from tree to tree
and filling the gorge with softly undulating sheets of silk. In
the center of these webs rise two trees, their bare branches
reaching upward like silk-gloved hands. Fog hides the
entrance of the gorge from those who seek the caern unless
they are accompanied by a Stargazer or bear a Stargazer
fetish. It is rare forany Stargazer to remain long at the caern.

If a Garou sleeps within the cupped hands of the trees
and sacrifices a point of Gnosis, she will dream a true dream.
The dream's events will always occur, but may be difficult
to interpret. Many who dream true dreams do not under-
stand their visions until after the events they foretell have
passed. Some Garou can control the flow of their vision,
allowing them to dream about a specific topic. This requires
a Wits + Enigmas roll (difficulty 8).

To visit the Web of the Dreaming Hands, a Stargazer
must first be found, then convinced to open the caern to the
appellant. The caern's totem, Fog, besides concealing the
caern from the unworthy, whispers secrets to the Stargazers
during their infrequent visits.

The Flinders Protectorate

The Flinders Protectorate is the dominion of the Get of
Fenris, whose human Kinfolk settle area's Barossa
Valley. The rugged Flinders Re ich the protec-

torate isnamed,

jn-tainted Maralinga. The

to abandon their cubs

within Maralin; B Passage. The cub who can
safely navigate hisgi ss the desert back to the sept,
avoiding Black Sp' ncers and soldiers, many of them
fomori, is welcomed as a full-fledged member of the tribe.


ae AA

The City of Adelaide

Adelaide, the capital of South Australia, was founded in
1836. Unlike most Australian capitals, Adelaide was purely
a colonial city, with no strategic importance. Nor was it
built with convict labor. Adelaide is called "the city of
churches," and even early in its history presented itself as
the moral, civic and constitutional model of anew commu-
nity. Today Adelaide isa city of broad streets and sandstone
buildings, renowned for its international arts festival and its
reserved atmosphere. Ironically, the racist organization
National Action has its headquarters in Adelaide. A belt of
parklands surrounds the central grid of the city. Through
the north of this belt runs the Torrens River, beside which
can be found the Adelaide Zoo and the Botanical Gardens.

Many of Adelaide's suburbs are found in the leafy sur-
roundings of the Adelaide Hills. Bushfires regularly scourge
the area, often with devastating effect. Adelaide has been
chosen by the Sabbat as the site of its next Australian
conquest. As a result of the sect's actions, the city has the
highest violent crime rate of any Australian capital.

The Gariwerd Protectorate

The Fianna have overseen the Gariwerd Protectorate
since the War of Tears. The protectorate takes its name
from the Aboriginal name of the Grampians. Gariwerd is
tich in rock art and home to 2: . Recently the
Fianna's Kinfolk convince 's Labor government
to change the title of ¢ ians National Park to
Gariwerd, but the newly4@lec! conservative Victorian
government has reverte;

The magnificent co:
with its isolated stac

ine along the Gi: Ocean Road,

pinnacles, arches, cliffs and

rn extent of Gariwerd's range.

's northern boundary.

estern District are con-

is the arid Little Desert.

lies Coorong National

unspoiled beach and 30-

indlocked saltwater lagoons

the sea. The park includes Aboriginal middens and

jal grounds. It also provides a breeding ground for

crested terns, silver gulls, shags, ibis, swans and pelicans. It

adelicate area of unique environmental concern, and one

Fianna protect as best they can, repelling hunters and
ists with equal ferocity.

r Hill Caern

‘Caern: Flooded crater of Tower Hill, an extinct volcano
Warrnambool, Victoria

The wheatfields of
tained within the

Tribal Structure: Open, but controlled by Fianna
‘otem: Tulu the Kookaburra

Tower Hill was once thickly forested, but was cleared in
the early 1800s for grazing, with the result that the caern
itself was threatened. The Fianna blame the Silver Fangs
for the near-destruction of the Tower Hill environment
and have recently begun a reforestation campaign, using a
landscape of Tower Hill (painted in 1815 by a Kinfolk) as
their guide.

The Silver Fangs have more than once tried to wrest
control of Tower Hill from the Fianna, claiming that such
an important caern should be guarded by a more fitting
tribe than "a group of Irish drunkards," but to no avail. After
the last such attempt, in 1983, the Fianna complained to
the Jindabyne Council, who judged in their favor, much to
the Silver Fangs' disgust.

The spirit of the caern, Tulu, is a great Wyrm-fighter.
Kookaburra is also a great one for laughing, and reminds the
Fianna never to lose their sense of humor, no matter what
they face. As a caern of humor, Tower Hill's atmosphere
prevents outbreaks of violence among the usually short-
tempered Garou when they are gathered here.

The Gippsland Protectorate

The Silver Fang protectorate of Gippsland stretches east
from Melbourne as far as Mallacoota Inlet, near the New

and Snowy River reps

inlets and flooded val ins ee Ceethagalaaa and the
Gippsland Lakes. Rights to the high country of the alpine
plains are disputed among mountain cattlemen, the skiing
lobby (who wish to expand the ski resort of Thredbo), and
environmentalists.

The southernmost extreme of the Gippsland Protector-
ate, and of the Australian mainland as a whole, is Wilson's
Promontory National Park. The park is home to 240 bird
species. Over 80 kilometers of walking tracks wind through
the mountains, headlands, heaths, rainforest pockets, and
sandy beaches of this granite peninsula. The promontory
juts into the cold waters of Bass Strait, and its wild weather,
often the despair of tourists, provides the Garou with
opportunities to roam the national park undisturbed.

The La Trobe Valley, an area of English-style fields and
farms in Central Gippsland, is overhung by smog from two
major power stations. The Yallourn open-cut coal mine, in
Central Gippsland, provides vast quantities of low-grade
brown coal at great cost to the environment. The valley is
Victoria's second most polluted area (after Melbourne) and
is haunted by Banes, fomori and worse horrors. The Garou
can but gaze sadly over its poisoned expanse and hope to
contain its evil.

Chapter Two: Geography
I EELGEIRE 1, TP ESD ED, PEs DEA a EE, EP


A ft

The City of Melbourne

Melbourne was founded on the banks of the Yarra River
in 1845 (after two previous colonization attempts in the
area had failed) to deter French settlers in southern Austra-
lia. The site of the city's founding was "purchased" from the
Doutagalla tribe for 100 blankets, 50 pairs of scissors, 50
mirrors, 50 knives, 50 tomahawks, 20 suits of clothes and
two tons of flour.

A well-planned city, Melbourne features many grand
Victorian and neo-Gothic buildings along its elm and
plane-tree lined streets. Melbourne's many fine theatres,
restaurants and galleries have earned the city the title of
Australia's cultural mecca (although Sydney would dispute
this claim). A stuffy, somewhat reserved air, and an obses-
sion with the genteel past, mar the city's otherwise
cosmopolitan atmosphere.

Melbourne has never adopted the air of a maritime city,
despite its location on the shores of Port Phillip Bay. The
limited depth of water at the entrance to the bay has
inhibited the harbor's development in the age of giant
container ships and tankers. Still, the 19 kilometers of
quayside, wharves and warehouses by the docks have greatly
contributed to Melbourne's population.

Once a strictly European-style city, with strong links to
England, Melbourne today is avowedly multicultural, with
a population of three million. Considerable rivalry exists
between Melbourne and Sydney's human residents, dating
to the time when Melbourne was chosen over Sydney as the
temporary national capital.

The Sept of the Mother and the
Sacred King

Caern: Fitzroy and Treasury Gardens, Melbourne

Level: 1

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Vision

Tribal Structure: Open, controlled by a multitribal
pack.

Totem: Moodai the Possum

The center of this caern is marked by a statue of the
goddess Artemis, standing amid a small pool in the Fitzroy
Gardens. Supplicants who come here will occasionally be
granted visions.

A narrow road separates the caern's surrounding parkland
from Treasury Gardens, where stands a memorial to assas-
sinated U.S. President John F. Kennedy. Many Black Furies
claim Kennedy was an aspect of the Sacred King, the
ritually slain consort of the Mother Goddess.

The sept is led by Voula Kostikidas, a metis Black Fury.
The sept is the only urban caern guarded by a Black Fury.
The rest of the sept are, like their leader, outcasts and
outsiders.

Moodai, the caern's totem, is a possum spirit linked with
the moon. The Fitzroy Gardens are home to many possums,

some of which are albino. These animals are regarded by the
sept as Moodai's special children.

The Hunter Valley
Protectorate

The polluted industrial city of Newcastle lies at the
mouth of the Hunter Valley Protectorate, as if to enrage the
area's Fianna guardians. The Fianna despise this symbol of
the Wyrm's corruption, but can, i

The protectorate, which
gland Ranges in the north
pastoral lands given to c:
as well as coal mining,
great.

A major earthquake
of the decade, killing
to determine whether
some fearsome Wyrm-bea:

the New En-
ty in the south, is rich in
g and wine production,
Newgastle has grown

ick Newcastle at the beginning
e 15 people; the Garou have yet
earthquake was natural, or if
irs beneath the city.

'dney boasts a population
of some four milli ie oldest, largest and most
densely crowded city on the continent. Sydney was settled
in 1788 with the arrival of the First Fleet. Despite (or
perhaps because of) its beginnings as a convict city, Sydney
has long sheltered a powerful free enterprise system, and is
now known as much for its capitalists as for its criminals.
Indeed, Sydney is home to many of Australia's wealthiest
citizens, as well as the Australian branch office of Pentex.

Money has made Sydney brash, bright and aggressively
modern. The city is justifiably renowned for its beautiful
harbor and its remarkable Opera House. However, Sydne
police are allegedly Australia's most corrupt, while Sydney's
red-light district, King's Cross, is a notorious den of vice,
including drugs, clubs and prostitution. Skyscrapers tower
over Sydney's crowded, squalid inner suburbs. Here dwell
many urban Aboriginals, particularly in Redfern, an area
avoided by most whites after dark. Redfern's Aboriginal
populace regularly experiences violence at the hands of the
police. Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers are Sydney's most
dominant Garou tribes.

The Rocks Caern

Caern: Basement of the King's Arms Hotel, the Rocks,
Sydney

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Streetwise

Tribal Structure: Open, although dominated by Bone
Gnawers

Totem: Sydney's City Mother

The Rocks is Sydney's oldest area. Much of it lies
beneath the arch of the Sydney Harbor Bridge. The Rocks

40 Rage Across Australia

am:

a


a 2A

is an area of narrow, cobbled streets and terrace houses,
many of them constructed from bluestone. Convict-built
houses of sandstone and mudbrick still stand in the Rocks.

Although popular with tourists by day, the Rocks is
poorly lit at night, and shunned by most save the homeless,
who congregate there in large numbers. In our world much
of the Rocks has been gentrified, but in the Gothic-Punk
world few developers have moved into the area, leaving it
to the poor, the dispossessed, and the Bone Gnawers.

The Rocks Sept, led by Mother Pasta, has its caern in the
basement of the King's Arms, one of the locale's most
rundown hotels. Rats and cockroaches scuttle amongst the
beer kegs, while the bar is frequented by chronic alcoholics,
rough-looking locals and numerous thugs. Although by
rights the caern is open to all tribes, most tribes shun it.
Certainly no Silver Fang would ever lower herself to set foot
within the King's Arms.

The totem of the sept is Sydney's City Mother, who
appears as a gaunt punk girl adorned in bright makeup and
wearing a leather vest over a dress of stained white lace.

Striped stockings and heavy boots complete her ensemble.

Her attitude is insulting, aggressive and nervous.

The Kangaroo Jsland
Protectorate

Thanks to the efforts of Garou Kinfolk and their human
allies, more than 70,000 he 's of the Kangaroo Island
Protectorate were declared a ional park in 1993. Kanga-
too Island is home to mar wallaby, already
extinct on the mainle sy black cockatoo, of
which only 150 ind The island's formi-
dable cliffs are hg 's apd white-bellied
$ea eagles. Unf y ¥ u, which was
unique to Kangart tt legislation came
too late. The species is no'

Kangaroo Island's humagginhabitants are mainly farmers
and crayfishers, while the pptectorate's guardians are Black
Furies, who maintain a powerful caern on the western tip of
theisland. In the Aboriginal mythology of South Australia,
Kangaroo Island was Karta, the Land of the Dead. Its
Dreamtime, largely preserved from the ravages of the main-
land, is rich and mysterious.

The Katajuta Protectorate

The enigmatic Uktena have claimed the Katajuta Pro-
fectorate as their own. The Sept of the Waking Dream
(detailed in Caerns: Places of Power) is found here. The
Protectorate stretches from the treeless plain of Nullarbor
inthe south to the Tanami Desert in the north. Its eastern
border is marked by the Simpson Desert and Maralinga,
While in the west the protectorate border is formed by the
Great Sandy Desert. Southern right whales breed in the
Turbulent, storm-wracked seas off the Nullarbor cliffs, while
ancient Wyrm-beasts slumber beneath the plain. Much of


a A

the Katajuta Protectorate consists of desert sands, mulga,
and saltbush scrub.

Uluru, known as Ayers Rock toEuropeans, is a powerful

meters high, with a
powerful Bunyip c:
who hoped to decipher
locals to belie
not that they were slain by,

Uluru's many topograp!
variety of totemic spirits
women of the Kuniya, or,
boulders of Tjukiki Gorge,

ts. The Uktena have led
Wyrm,
ir ww Garou.
features were created by a
lia was formed. The
e people, became the
red mineral stains on the
rock are the blood of Kuli eri of the Lira, warrior of a
venomous snake tribe who fought the Kuniya. The spears of
the Liru made the many potholes in Uluru's cliff faces,
while the tracks of the Liru men became the many fissures
on Uluru's southwest face. A cave holds the spirits of Willy
Wagtail Woman's children, slain by the Liru.

Sept of the Waking Dream

Caern: Katajuta rock formation (the Olgas) in the
Australian Outback

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Enigmas

Tribal Structure: Closed; power held by the Uktena
Aboriginals

Totems: Uktena

Details on the guardians of this caern can be found in the
Werewolf sourcebook, Caerns: Places of Power.

The Kimberley Protectorate

The magnificently wild and rugged Kimberley region is also
an Uktena protectorate, claimed immediately after the War of
Tears. This remote and inaccessib{@jland houses Australia's
only boab trees, wit
rootlike branches.
meter tides, whirlpool
Saltwater crocodil
nentrivers
dangerous, freshwater Johns‘

The Bungle Bungle
eroded, banded domes like Zigan'
Kimberley'splains. The lu Caern isfound in the center
of the Bungle Bungles, ina le to all but the most persis-
tent Garou.

A second caern is located at the site of the Wolf Creek
Meteorite Crater, which at 880 meters wide and 49 meters
deep is the world's second-largest authenticated meteorite
crater. The caer is especially favored by Uktena Skywalkers.
Because it lies so close to the Tanami Protectorate, the crater
is contested by the Red Talons, who wish to wrest it from the
Uktena's control.

Tal dangerously swift currents.

The Kimberley Protectorate is bordered to the southwest by
the Great Sandy Desert and to the south by the Tanami
Desert. To the west is found the Ord River, dammed in 1971
to create Lake Argyle, Australia's largest body of fresh water,
inafailed irrigation scheme. The Argyle Diamond Mine, close
to the lake, is rumored to be the location of a sleeping Wyrm-
beast, entombed for tens of thousands of years. Harold and
Harold Mining Inc. has approached the Argyle owners with
the prospect of increasing the mine's output and depth.

The Barnambirr Caern

Caern: Wolf Creek Meteorite Crater, Kimberley protec-
torate

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Gnosis

Tribal Structure: Closed; controlled by Uktena

Totem: Barnambirr, Spirit of the Morning Star

This is one of four caerns held by the Uktena in Australia;
the other three are located at Uluru, Katajuta, and Purnululu.
The crater holding the caern was formed 250,000 years ago,
although the caer itself was only opened in 1975. Since then,
the Red Talons, led by Kirijunu of the Tanami Protectorate,
have tried to seize the caer from the Uktena, without success.

Barnambirr, the caern's totem spirit, guards the spirits of
dead Garou until their reincarnation. The ritemasters of the
caern can channel the spirit's power into their Past Life Dice
Pools, greatly facilitating communication with Ancestor-
spirits (one Past Life die persuccesses forall participating in the
rite). They also gain Gnosis to distribute among the caern's
sept.

The Mount Jsa Protectorate

The vast Red Talon protectorate of Mount Isa encom-
passes most of central and southern Queensland, as well as
parts of New South Wales and b Australia. It is
bordered by the Great Dividing ‘o the east, the
savanna coast of the Gulf of Cag he north, the
Simpson Desert to the south @lonne River to
the southeast.

Mount Isa, for whig
notable as the site o}

is named, is
largest silver-lead

test town, while noftherly Riversley, in the Barkly Tableland,
is one of the world's richest fossil sites. Remains of more
than 200 species spanning 25 million years have been
uncovered at Riversley.

The Mount Isa region is semi-arid, whereas in prehis-
toric times it was an area of rich rainforest. Its deserts of sand
and stone are inhospitable to Europeans, save for isolated
oases where artesian wells pump water to the surface,
perhaps bringing with them unknown taints from deep

42 Rage Across Australia

ae

es


underground. In the protectorate's Dreamtime, however,
the primeval forest still stands. Here, great cycads and
waving palms march down to the shores of the Penumbral
inland sea.

The Nimbin Protectorate

The Nimbin Protectorate, beloved home of the Children of
Gaia, stretches south along the coast from Fraser Island as far
as the New England Tablelands, The protectorate's western
border is marked by the of the Great Divide,
r ige of environments,

the Gold Coast and semi-tropical
falls, rock pools, rugged gorges and
rea. The Gold

from the urban sprai
Brisbane, to the wa

rainforested valleys

fountains, named

reitnded by their shape of

the glass furnaces of industrial' Yorkshire, his home. The

mountains are the remains of lava plugs from extinct volca-

noes. Their cones have long since weathered away, leaving

only the hard central spires to rear over rich farmlands and

forest. Ancient, moss-covered Antarctic beeches, some more

than 3000 years old, grow on the Lamington Plateau between
Queensland and New South Wales.

Chapter Two: Geography

The small town of Nimbin is Australia's best known show-
piece for alternate lifestylers. Under the aegis of the Children
of Gaia, Nimbin isa place for humans to rediscover their love
for and dependence upon Mother Earth. Since the 1960s
Nimbin has faced an increasing drug problem, as burned-out
hippies flocked to the area, followed by punks, assorted addicts
and those who catered to them. The Children of Gaia fear that
Pentex and its agents are behind the flood of low-grade,
impure, synthetic drugs infiltrating and wreaking havoc in the
Nimbin communities.

The City of Brisbane

Located where the Brisbane River flows into Moreton Bay,
Brisbane was founded in 1825 as a penal settlement but was
opened to colonists in 1842. The city has a semitropical
climate, with mild winters, relatively hot, humid summers,
and a puritanical reputation concerning alcohol, entertain-
ment and social. behavior. Unlike other capitals, Brisbane's
streets are narrow, resulting in many traffic jams. Itisnonethe-
less almost provincial in character. The climate encourages a
profusion of brilliantly colored flowering trees and shrubs.
These help to offset the inherently drab, rectangular bunga-
lows that characterize the city's urban sprawl. Brisbane's
Garou feud constantly with vampires of the Sabbat, whomake

thearea, particularly the tourist mecca of the Gold Coast, their
home and hunting ground.

The Pilbara Protectorate

The rugged wilderness of the Pilbara Protectorate is the
province of the Red Talons, who spend their time attempting
to shut down the area's six major mjg@$§lim the Hammersley

blue asbestos

is now closed,
asbestos tailings still lie
many of whichare still inb

aus, gorges, terraced cliffs
fersley Ranges themselves. The
ling dunes, and dry salt lakes lie
further inland: OffgRe coast are found coral reefs and small,
scattered islands,' including the Montebello Islands, still
radioactive from a British nuclear test in the 195 ark
Bay, with its seagrass meadows, marks the southern expanse
of the Pilbara Protectorate, while its northern border is
delineated by the Great Sandy Desert.

The Riverina Protectorate

The Silver Fang protectorate of Riverina embraces the
irrigated pastoral lands of central and northeast Victoria, as
well as southeast New South Wales. The northern border
of the protectorate is marked by the slow curve of the
Lachlan River, which flows into the Murrumbidgee and
thence into the Murray River. The Great Dividing Range

and deep pools<t
stony Gibson

43

ee


a A

delineates the protectorate's southern and eastern extremes,
while its western boundary is drawn by the Loddon River.
Riverina borders the Fianna EEE of Gariwerd,

and tension betwee mains high, as it has
since Austr: § the town of
ranger Ned
lakes' water
stand OP * Witssante cs
system. The lakes n €tg@humerous water-

fowl, including ‘ma sunlficent black swans. Wheat, oats,
barley, grapes and fruit grow in Riverina, and great herds of
sheep are raised for their mene ene

The Murray River, which flows through central Riverina,
is the lifeblood of the protectorate's many cities, towns and
hamlets. Thousands of fertile farms have been established
in Riverina in the years since Australia's colonization,
feeding off the Murray and transforming an area that was
previously a delicately balanced, semi-arid wilderness. The
Europeanization of the environmenthas sounded the death
knell for many species of flora and fauna along the river's
length, and much of the Riverina landscape now suffers the
effects of increased salinity from constant, unchecked irri-
gation.

The Tanami Protectorate

The sand plains and spinifex of the Tanami Desert are
the main features of this protectorategwhich is guarded by
the Red Talons. The protectorafeembraces some of the
loneliest territory in the Ai back, from the
Sandy Desert in the west to arpentaria in the
northeast. Here stretchey
Barkly Tableland (an
ing 300 meters aba
Marbles. Scatterg@ fo
the Sturt Highta
graphical phe

s Marbles are a unique geo-

6n of spherical boulders. The
Aboriginals 4 Wirliayajarrayi and Warrabri tribes
claim the MarbleSare the eggs of the Rainbow Serpent. The
Red Talons of Tanami are also engaged in battling mining
interests. Copper, gold and silver have been mined at
Tennant Creek since 1933, desecrating the formerly pure
outback environment.

The Tasmania Protectorate

The mountainous island state of Tasmania consists of a
single protectorate dominated by the Shadow Lords. Most
Shadow Lords dwell in the sparsely settled Tasmanian
southwest, whe: ‘oast is lashed by gales
from the Pacific. ‘flows through
the mountai ictory was
won by the early 1980s,
when a ionally
e lost. Copper
mining at om sulfur
mining at Qui the area's hills for
many miles, reducing its rugged beauty to a stark and barren
moonscape completely devoid of plant life. Such a victory
for the Wyrm in the midst of Tasmania's largely unspoiled
wilderness is a constant thorn in the side of the Shadow
Lords. Logging still threatens much of Tasmania's old-
growth forests, which may be the last domain of the
thylacine, if the animal still survives. The rugged splendor
of the region, with its alpine lakes and tarns carved by
glaciers during the last ice age, reduces even the strongest
Garou to tears.

The City of Hobart

Situated on the estuary of the Derwent River, Hobart
was founded in 1804 as a convict settlement. It is the
southernmost city in Australia. The moody mass of Mount
Wellington rises behind Hobart, while the sea lies before it.
Hobart is a beautiful city, retaining much of its Old World
charm. For many Antarctic expeditions, it was, and re-
mains, the last sight of settled lands before reaching the
frozen wastes.


Hobart today is a modern, bustling city, with heavy
industries scattered about its outskirts. It has its own rush-
hour madness, but Hobart's saving grace is its proximity to
the natural environment. The eucalyptus-clad hills and
dolerite spires of Mount Wellington are visible throughout
Hobart, and are no more than an hour's drive from any-
where in the city.

Cradle Mountain Caern

Caern: Cradle Mountain, Tasmania

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Strength

Tribal Structure: Shadow Lords

Totem: Grandfather Thunder

Before the death of the Bunyip, this was a powerful,
Level Five caern. After the War of Tears the caern was
administered by the Black Furies, although they never
managed to discover its secrets. The Black Furies held the
caern only a short while before the Shadow Lords attacked
and drove them from Tasmania. This bloody, unprovoked
attack was integral in convincing many Garou of the
necessity for the proposed Jindabyne Council. The Shadow
Lords managed to reopen the caern 50 years ago, but only
atits current level. The Black Furies claim that this proves
the Shadow Lords unfit guardians.

Cradle Mountain overlooks numerous alpine lakes in

Tasmania's central highlands, and is a place of breathtak-
ing, savage beauty. Even in summer, severe storms can
Metitnis veavelop the sreastdiscoutagine hikers: and
bushwalkers. The caern stands atop the mountain's wind-
Bwept peak, and is often obscured by clouds, Within the
bawn of the sept, the Shadow Lords maintain a small wolf
Beck, imported from Russia, with which to breed.

The Warbilliga Protectorate

The Wadbilliga Protectorate is the province of the
aristocratic Silver Fangs, who have ruled the area since the
earliest days of the Australian colony. Bordered to the
south by Mallacoota Inlet, to the west by Mount Kosciusko,
and to the north by Sydamey, billiga is a rqughly trian-

gular area D
Mountains, A a
inlets, lakeSy eftilaries q
human fish@fmal

The first nf@gti adaby

the Silver Fangs as the protectorate's gudtdians. Jindabyne
lies within Wadbilliga, overlooking a broad artificial lake
high above sea level. The town first came to prominence
among humans with the construction of the Snowy River
Scheme, although Garou had been meeting in the town
since the turn of the century.

The political feuding of the Silver Fangs has blinded the
tribe to many events within Wadbilliga, including a grow-

a Sea

ing population of Black Spiral Dancers within the tunnels
of the Snowy River Scheme, and the Bane-ridden city of
Wollongong, which pumps soot and smoke into the atmo-
sphere at a frightening rate. Another concern of the Garou
are the ever-increasing number of skiers who flock to the
high country in winter, demanding more hotels and similar
facilities at the cost of the alpine wilderness. (More details
concerning Wadbilliga, including the Silver Fang court
and the Crackenback Sept, are given in Chapter Six.)

The City of Canberra

Canberra, Australia's federal capital, was founded in
1913 following intense lobbying from both Melbourne and
Sydney for the honor. Canberra and the Australian Capital
Territory were created in accord with the Australian states'
wishes for a federal capital free from the political or na-
tional domination of any one state. As a result, Canberra is
a strangely passionless city, quite artificial, although well
planned and neatly laid out. It is home, in the main, to
politicians and public servants, and the hospitality and
service industries that have arisen to meet their needs.
Fewer than 300,000 people live in Canberra.

Garou influence upon Walter Burley-Griffin, the archi-
tect who designed Canberra, caused him to construct the
city around a central, man-made lake, and to include belts
of native vegetation between the city's suburbs, thus blend-
ing Canberra somewhat with the environment. As Canberra
expands, its growth threatens the harmony of Burley-
Griffin's plans. Many Glass Walkers make their home in


Canberra, close to the human power-brokers and politi-
cians who provide the tribe with wealth and influence.

The West Coast Protectorate

The geography of this magnificent protectorate ranges
from towering stands of Karri fprest to the limestone col-
umns of the Pinnacle Deseft to sfretches of secluded beaches
and inlets. The West Coagt Pgptectorate is controlled by
the Perth-based Glass Wa arely set a paw outside
the city's confines. A 0 packs, led by Red
Talons and Black Bare moved into the area to
combat a growing Bla eer menace.

e protectorate have been
@ spread the Wyrm's
aths and hills of the
rom. n Perth regularly make
es in order to plan further

taint throughout t
wild southwest. Pentex
the 230-kilometer,

eir Perth battles against
Pentex are waged ff Garou. Nonetheless,
the roaming packs e West Coast Protec-
torate have accused the tribe of i ignoring its responsibilities
in favor of boardroom prestige and power. The packs are
preparing to bring this charge before the Jindabyne Coun-
cil.

The City of Perth

The city of Perth was founded on the banks of the Swan
River in 1836 — surprisingly late in Australia's history
given that the Dutch had mapped the west coast as early as
1616. Because of the area's barren coastline, even the site's
strategic importance was not enough toattract settlers until
after the British had claimed Australia in the name of their
king. Poor planning and harsh conditions meant that Perth
almost failed as a settlement within its first few years. Today
Perth is a flourishing city, although the entrepreneurs and
business tycoons who provided its wealth in recent years
have lately gone bankrupt. Despite problems with Leeches,
Perth is still ruled by the Order of Hermes mage James
Stirling, who has sought to please both the Garou and the
Wyrm in order to stay in power.

Once regarded as the most isolated capital in the world,
Perth has been transformed by the influences of high-speed
flight and modern technology. Situated some 20 kilometers
from the mouth of the Swan River, Perth has a climate that
is undeniably the best of any of the state capitals, with mean
temperatures of 24 degrees Celsius in February, and 13
degrees in July. It is an attractive, tidy-looking city, featur-
ing carefully preserved parklands within the metropolis and
the considerable beauty of the Darling Ranges within easy
driving distance. An oil refinery, steelworks, iron ore mines,
nickel-refining plant, and aluminum smelter stand within
the city's confines or close by. The second-largest Pentex
offices in Australia are located in Perth, befitting the city's
status as a haven of mining tycoons.

J

ee 2

The Western Plains
Protectorate

The Silver Fang protectorate of Western Plains encom-
passes most of rural New South Wales. Its southern border,
adjoining the Riverina Protectorate, is marked by the
Lachlan River; its western border is demarcated by the
Flinders Ranges. The ere Divide marks the eastern

extreme of ¢ ile in the
north, the e Barwon
River.

The land: reotypically
Australian: leached grass,

surrounded by
stands of gum trees, and everywhere vast flocks of sheep.
Mobs of kangaroos compete with the sheep for grazing,
while flocks of galahs and cockatoos wheel overhead.

Broken Hillis the largest city in outback Western Plains.
The city owes its wealth to a rich vein of silver beneath the
town. Lead, zinc and copper are also mined in the area. The
mines are located in some of Australia's driest territory,
with summer temperatures often exceeding 38 degrees
Celsius (100 degrees Fahrenheit).

The Western Plains' caern is located as far as possible
from the silver mine, in Warrumbungle National Park.
Despite the Silver Fangs' best efforts, the Broken Hill silver
mine remains open. Evidently some powerful entity favors
the mine's continued existence. "

The 3750-kilometer long Darling River flows through
Western Plains and is dammed at Menindee Lakes, some
110 kilometers east of Broken Hill. Its waters irrigate the
city and surrounding countryside. The waters of the Dar-
ling River were once rich in native fish, but in recent
decades the European carp has filled the indigenous fishes'
ecological niches.

The earliest Silver Fangs in the Western Plains accom-
panied the area's human settlers before they knew of the
Squattocracy's links with the Wyrm. Western Plains' Silver
Fangs are among the oldest and most arrogant Silver Fang
families in the land, as well as the most inbred.

Flora

Australia's native vegetation has suffered greatly from
European settlement. Even prior to the invasion, the
Aboriginals had done much to reshape the face of the
continent through their use of fire. Guided by the Bunyip,
Aboriginals ensured that grain-bearing grasses never flour-
ished in Australia. This was achieved by way of large-scale
grass fires, inhibiting agriculture and instead encouraging
the spread of plants requiring periodic fire to trigger seeds
into growth, such as eucalyptuses and acacias (more than
400 species of each are found in Australia today).

Although most native Australian trees differ greatly
from their European counterparts, they frequently bear the

Rage Across Australia

niin </


same names, because of similarities between Australian and
European timbers. Oaks, for example, grow in Australia,
but are never named without an attributive, such as she-
oak, bull-oak or silky oak; are members of the genus
Casuarina; and bear veiled, gray-green foliage of slender,
wiry branchlets from which grow inconspicuous, tuftlike
leaves. Red cedar, rosewood and walnut are all names given
to Australian trees, all of which differ greatly from their
European counterparts save for their wood, the grain and
color of which resemble those of their foreign namesakes.
Most European trees have long since been transplanted to
Australian soils.

In the deserts, plants such as the tough, spiny spinifex
and cane grass thrive, shadowed by she-oaks and mulga
trees in places where underground water enables them to
survive, Beside the deep gorge pools grow white ghost gums,
unchanged for tens of thousands of years, while the short
and hardy tea tree and salt bush grow close to clay plain salt
pans. Grass trees, with their fringe of skirtlike leaves and
tall spearheads of tightly packed blossoms, are common
throughout the outback. Along the northern coast grow
thick stands of mangroves. Their twisted roots slowly claim
the sea for the land, building up mudflats which, over time,
become nutrient-rich soil.

Eucalyptuses, also known as gum trees, flourish through-
out Australia and have since been introduced as far afield
as California and the Black Sea. Their long, thin leaves,
which grow year round, are rich in aromatic oil, and turn

edgewise to the sun during the heat of the day, reducing
evaporation. Eucalyptuses range from the outback deserts
to the temperate rainforests of Gippsland and Tasmania.
They are Australia's hardiest and most diverse species of
tree, and, with their thin trunks, high, spreading branches
and peeling strips of bark, also the most distinctive.

Tree ferns, orchids, mosses, lichens, bracken and ferns
— primitive plants that have grown in isolation in Austra-
lia for hundreds of thousands of years — flourish in the
rainforests, while the alpine areas of Tasmania and the
Australian Alps are rich in buttongrass and other low,
clinging ground plants. Elsewhere grow beech forests, cling-
ing figs, and many native pines.

Flowering plants common in Australia include acacias
such as bottle-brushes and waratah, Also represented is
wattle, the national emblem. Its cylindrical and globular
blooms range in color from flaming reds to lambent golds.
Orchids; pink, white and red heath; delicate bluebells; the
crimson desert pea; and the graceful kangaroo paw, with its
furry stalks, vermilion blossoms and yellow stamens, are
among the best-known and most beautiful of Australia's
flowering flora.

Fauna

Geographically isolated from the rest of the world for at
least 50 million years, Australia's fauna demonstrate the
effects of a long, invasion-free period. Animals that have
no counterparts anywhere else in the world (save in South
America, to which Australia was once joined) thrive in
Australia.

The majority of Australia's fauna are marsupials, pouched
animals that have filled as wide a variety of evolutionary
niches as their more advanced placental counterparts in
the rest of the world; and the even stranger monotremes, a
splinter group tracing its ancestry back to that moment in
time when reptiles began to evolve into primitive mam-
mals.

Marsupials are mammals that give birth to their young
live, still in a fetal stage, and then rear the developing
offspring in a teat-bearing pouch. In this they are less
advanced than most mammals, which possess a placenta
through which nutrients are supplied to the young in utero
until they are mature enough to be born.

(Staunch defenders of marsupials, however, claim the
qualities of the marsupials have been given too little con-
sideration simply because they apparently lost the
evolutionary race with placentals. Some of these biologists
say this defamation stems from "pouch envy" and the fact
that marsupial males' genitalia are much bigger in compari-
son to those of placental males. The Bunyip, by the way,
bred with marsupials...)

The best known of Australia's mammals are the kanga-
rooand the koala (the latter, despite its appearance, is inno
way related to bears). The kangaroo family contains several
subfamilies and many genera. Species range in size from
dwarf kangaroos no larger than a rat, to the red kangaroo,

47


ne A"

which may be taller than a man and weigh up to 76
kilograms. All are herbivorous. Kangaroos and wallabies,
their smaller cousins, possess deerlike heads and long,
alertly pricked ears. They use their prehensile forepaws and
short front limbs only when grazing or moving slowly.
Kangaroos' heavily muscled rear legs are employed for
leaping; the thick tail is used for balance. Kangaroos may
jump up to eight meters horizontally and more than two
meters vertically. Red and grey kangaroos, the largest and
best known of their species, can employ their rear claws
with considerable effect in a fight.

Koalas are arboreal and eat only certain types of eucalyp-
tus leaves. They dwell only in the eastern part of the
continent. Other marsupials include possums, mice, the
anteater-like bandicoot, the wombat (a heavy-set, burrow-
ing quadruped similar in some ways toa groundhog, although
tailless and considerably larger), the Tasmanian devil, and,
of course, the thylacine (about which more information is
given below).

Monotremes are unique to Australia. Only two
monotremes—the echidna and the platypus — are known.
Platypuses lay eggs like a reptile, but, once their young have
hatched, suckle them as do mammals. Lacking a distinct
nipple, they instead secrete milk through certain pores via
a subdermal gland. They have webbed paws, a beaverlike
pelt and tail, and a sensitive, rubbery bill reminiscent of a
duck's. The platypus bears backward-pointing spurs on its
hind paws; these are connected to poison-secreting glands.
Platypuses are aquatic and construct winding tunnels in the
banks of their river homes. One of their most unique
features is an array of electrical sensors that allows them to
detect the muscle movements of other nearby animals.

Echidnas, sometimes called spiny anteaters, resemble
the British hedgehog in appearance. Their long, sticky
tongues are adept at flicking ants out of their nests. Echid-
nas are powerful burrowers; when threatened, they sink
tapidly into the soil, leaving only their spines exposed to
deter predators. Echidnas also lay eggs, but transfer their
young into their pouches when they hatch. Both species are
protected by law. Another unique Australian animal, also
a protected species, is the giant Gippsland earthworm,
which grows to more than a meter long.

Birds of Australia include the flightless emu, a species
similar to the African ostrich; the lyrebird, the world's
largest perching bird, whose ability to mimic other birds
and even humans is unparalleled, although its own call is
loud and tuneless; numerous honeyeaters, parrots and para-
keets, including sulfur-crested cockatoos; galahs, with their
grey and pink plumage; and budgerigars. The wild laugh of
the kookaburra, a species of kingfisher, is well known, while
the rarely seen wedge-tailed eagle is Australia's largest bird
of prey.

About 2,000 species of fish inhabit Australian waters,
although the warm coastal currents keep a check on plank-
ton growth, preventing huge coastal shoals. Large predators,
including great white sharks, patrol the seas. Despite this

48 Rage Across Australia

OE ET Ss TR tinier //,

hazard, shark attacks account for only two or three deaths
each year. Inland waters abound in fish species, such as the
Murray cod, which can grow to 100 pounds (45 kilograms),
although the introduction of European carp has threatened
or exterminated many species.

Other phyla are also represented in Australia's waters.
One of the most poisonous species of mollusks is the
Australian blue-ringed octopus, whose bite can be lethal.
Equally deadly is the sea wasp, a species of jellyfish indig-
enous to the area. Cool Tasmanian seas are rich in crayfish,
while fur seals and sea lions dwell off the southern Austra-
lian coast, notably at Phillip Island in Victoriaand Kangaroo
Island off South Australia.

Reptiles thrive in Australia. The continent's many spe-
cies of lizards range from small geckos and skinks (such as
the stumpy-tailed and blue-tongued lizards) to large goan-
nas, which can reach over two meters in length. Perhaps
the best-known reptile in Australia is the frill-necked
lizard, which raises an impressive ruff when frightened.
Australia is home to over half of the world's most poisonous
snakes, including the tiger snake, copperhead, red and
yellow-bellied black snakes, death adder, king brown snake,
and taipan (this last species is the world's most poisonous
snake). A species of venomous sea snake swims the warm
coral seas off the Queensland coast. Other venomous Aus-
tralian animals include red-back, funnel-web and
white-tailed spiders, scorpions, stonefish, jellyfish and ticks.

+

rs

|

es


(Dingos

The dingo is arguably not an Australian native animal.
It arrived less than 3,500 years ago from Southeast Asia,
presumably transported to Australia at the same time the
seafarers of Timor arrived on northern Australian shores in
search of sea slugs. It has since spread across the Australian
continent, although in recent years dingos have been
driven from settled areas. More aggressive than the marsu-
pial thylacine, dingos also proved to be more successful
hunters, and soon drove the Tasmanian tiger to near-
extinction. The dingo itself is in no danger of extinction,
despite being killed in large numbers by sheep farmers, who
consider it a pest. What is a danger to the dingo is the
possibility of its genes being swept away ina tide of domestic
and feral dog genes, for dingos and dogs can and do inter-
breed.

The dingo, Canis familiaris dingo, is of the same genus as
the wolf, Canis lupus, and is thought to be descended from
the Indian plains wolf. The dingo is more closely related to
the domestic dog than to the wild wolf. It is smaller than the
northern wolf, weighing between 10 and 20 kilograms, with
large males reaching a shoulder height of 50 centimeters.
Dingos are usually a sandy, yellow-orange color, often with
white-tipped tails, although their coloring ranges from pure
black to pure white. Dingo packs have complex social
arrangements and can range from a single pair to an
extended family group of up to 10 individuals. Dingos hunt
as a coordinated pack; one animal chases the prey to
exhaust it, while others wait in ambush. Their diet is varied,
ranging from morsels scavenged from rubbish heaps, to
marsupial mice and insects, up to large kangaroos and
sheep. Dingos howl in a manner similar to wolves. These
howls serve as a means of long-distance communication
among dingos.

Aboriginal people have had a long association with the
dingo, and anthropologists previously thought that they
used the animals to help with their hunting. Recent studies
have shown that Aboriginals used the dingo for compan-
ionship rather than for hunting, as the dingo is a lazy
animal, not suited to the role of a trained hunting dog.
Modern farmers perceive dingos as pests and have set
poison baits and traps for the animals, as well as shot them.
Bounties have been set on dingo pelts. The animals have
also had to contend with the Dingo Fence. This is an
unbroken line of wire fencing, some of it electrified and all
of it supposedly dingoproof, stretching 5614 kilometers
through rural Queensland and New South Wales. The
Dingo Fence is the longest fence in the world, 3374 kilome-
ters longer than the Great Wall of China.

Since Garou arrived in Australia, they began to breed
with dingos, although at first infrequently. Bone Gnawers
embraced the dingo as Kinfolk immediately upon their
arrival in Australia. Black Furies, Children of Gaia, Fianna,
Glass Walkers, Red Talons, Silent Striders, Stargazers, and
especially Uktena have accepted dingos as Kinfolk in

recent years and have begun to breed with them. More
Eurocentric Garou such as Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords
spurn both the dingo and those who mate with them. Today
more than half of Australia's Garou bear some dingo blood,
while almost all lupus Garou born in Australia this century
are of dingo heritage.

Chylacines

The Tasmanian tiger, Thylacinus cynocephalus, was not
in any sense a tiger. It looked much more like a dog, but was
not a member of the canid family, as are wolves and dogs.
The Tasmanian tiger, more properly known as the thyla-
cine, was a marsupial. The kangaroo is the thylacine's
closest living relative. The Tasmanian tiger earned its
name from the series of deep brown stripes across its back,
numbering up to 19 in larger individuals. The rest of its
short fur was a lighter brown in color, fading to a sandy
yellow on its belly. The thylacine had a wolflike head with
powerful jaws, a smaller body and shorter legs than those of
a wolf, anda long, thin tail. The thylacine also had rear legs
much like those of a kangaroo, on which it could sit upright
and was sometimes seen to hop short distances. Unlike the
wolf and dingo, the thylacine was a slow runner, which may
have contributed to the species' extinction.

Thylacines survived only on Tasmania when Europeans
settled Australia. They were a remnant of a much earlier
group of Australian animals, the Megafauna. These prehis-
toric animals included a massive wombat, a sabertoothed
marsupial cat, 20-foot tall kangaroos, and the thylacine.
Some of these animals still roamed the continent when the
first Australians arrived more than 50,000 years ago. A few,
including the thylacine, survived into this century.

More than 3,000 years ago the thylacine was, save for
humans, the major predator on mainland Australia. Then
the dingo arrived. In the following centuries the dingo
ptoved to be a more effective hunter, hunting in packs
rather than singly as did the thylacine. The dingo also
brought with it diseases to which the thylacine had no
resistance. It seems probable that the thylacine was extinct
on mainland Australia several thousand years before the
European invasion. In Tasmania, which remained free of
dingos, thylacines lived on. Then, in 1803, Europeans came
to Tasmania. In less than 150 years they had so thoroughly
hunted the thylacine and destroyed its habitat that the
animal is now presumed extinct. Bounties were paid for the
pelts of more than 2,000 specimens during this period. The
last thylacine to be caught in the wild was captured in 1933;
the last thylacine in captivity died in 1936. There have
been hundreds of possible sightings since, but no conclu-
sive evidence that the animal still lives.

The thylacine gave birth to between one and four pups,
carrying them in its pouch until they were quite large. Both
the male and female of the species possessed pouches,
which faced backwards, preventing twigs or leaves from
penetrating the pouch and harming the young as the parent

Chapter Two: Geography 49

OFLA PS ET Dt etter //

|


trotted through the undergrowth. The animal's habitat
consisted of dense, dry forest; its preferred diet consisted of
various herbivores, from small marsupials right up to larger
wallabies and sheep. It was the thylacine's habit of preying
on herd animals that caused a bounty to be placed on the
species' heads. A sudden decrease in their number occurred
in 1910, due to distemper, introduced from Europe.

The thylacine was not a pack animal and generally
hunted alone or in pairs, mostly at night. Thylacines were
extremely single-minded hunters and would patiently stalk
their prey for hours. Not evolved for long-distance running,
thylacines were nonetheless capable of short bursts of high
speed. The animal had large, strong jaws and the ability to
open its mouth far wider than any other predator (more
than 120 degrees), in order to obtain a strong grip upon its
prey. Thylacines were extremely agile and were observed to
perform extraordinary feats of jumping and balancing in
captivity. Far from howling like a wolf, the thylacine
ptoduced a coughlike bark or a high-pitched yapping sound
when excited. Though a successful hunter, the thylacine
was not a vicious or aggressive animal; it was, in, fact quite
the opposite, avoiding contact with humans whenever
possible. This is another factor that contributes to the
possibility of thylacines surviving today in Tasmania's wild
southwest.

The hunt for the thylacine continues. Between the
1930s and the present day there have been countless

reported sightings of the thylacine in Tasmania, ranging
from very dubious reports to quite plausible incidents
involving tracks and scats (1938, 1946), possible aerial
photographs (1957), sheep killings (1960), and the strange
corpse of an animal that disappeared from the possession of
two fisherman in 1961. An extensive scientific search for
the animal using automatic cameras and baited traps found
nothing in 1980. It is rumored that Walt Disney sent a film
crew to search for thylacines, and that Sir Edmund Hillary
hunted the animal on his Tasmanian expedition in 1960.
Despite these efforts, no thylacines have been found. Tas-
mania possesses much rugged and remote forest territory,
although this is now under threat from logging. If it still
survives, the thylacine's last possible habitat is rapidly
diminishing. Of the 60 species of mammal that have be-
come extinct in the last 200 years, 20 have been Australian.
It is all too likely that the thylacine is included among their
number.

Like the Bunyip, their Garou Kinfolk, thylacines were
exterminated through European intervention. Although
concerned at the success of dingos in restricting the
thylacine's range to Tasmania, the Bunyip had not acted to
prevent this, seeing it as part of Gaia's plan. Moon Bridges
allowed the Bunyip free access to Tasmania and the thyla-
cine. After the genocide of the Bunyip, thylacines lacked
protectors, and rapidly began to die out. Australia's newly
arrived Garou, still shocked by their role in the Bunyip
genocide, did nothing to halt the thylacine's inexorable
slide toward extinction until it was too late. Today some
Garou seek to make amends by mounting expeditions to
Tasmania in search of any surviving thylacines. Conceiv-
ably, the Bunyip bloodline may still exist amongst the
thylacine, although, as previously noted, the species' sur-
vival is unlikely. Tasmania's wild southwest, the only
possible area in which thylacines might survive, was not
traditionally part of the thylacine's habitat, being wetter
and more rugged terrain than the sort thylacines preferred.

Introduced Species

The European invasion, besides directly causing the
extinction of numerous native species through hunting and
the destruction of their habitat, has also disrupted the
Australian environment via the introduction of many
foreign animal species. Rabbits, introduced so that bored
squatters would have something to shoot, quickly bred to
plague proportions (the myxonmatosis virus has lessened
their number considerably, but rabbits are still considered
a nuisance in most areas of rural Australia). Foxes, intro-
duced for similar reasons, have likewise bred furiously,
competing with dingos for food. Domesticated animals
such as pigs, cats, dogs and horses have escaped and turned
feral, harrying native wildlife, while water buffalo, im-
ported from Asia, now run wild in the Northern Territory,
destroying large areas of vegetation and polluting water
supplies.

iiemey //,

wae


Other species introduced with equally serious effect on
the environment include cane toads, poisonous and aggres-
sive amphibians that were introduced to the cane fields in
Queensland in order to keep insect pests under control and
which now range as far south as Sydney; the prickly pear, a
species of fruit-bearing cactus that once threatened to
choke out all other forms of vegetation in Queensland and
New South Wales; starlings; pigs; carp; and rats. In most
cases, imported animals have bred out of control because no
natural predator exists to cull them.

Pollution and
Environmental
Destruction

One more species has ceased to exist,
One more river steaming chemical mist,
One more forest that's turned into sand,
One more pot-plant in an urban wasteland.
— The Ergot Derivative, "Oh Mercy"

The increasing industrialization of Australia has had a
severe impact on Australia's varied ecosystems. Although
campaigns by Garou allies have saved certain locations
from destruction, many other wilderness areas are still
threatened. Major areas of concern, both general and
specific, are discussed below.

Air Pollution: Australia's capital cities are major con-
tributors to environmental destruction. Having
wholeheartedly embraced the motor car, one in 10 Austra-
lians now suffers from asthma, due in part to the constant
outpouring of fumes from the cars crowding the cities. Lead
and ozone in all major cities exceed World Health Organi-
zation recommended levels, although sulfur dioxide and
carbon monoxide are at manageable levels. Smog regularly
blankets the sky above most capital cities, as well as re-
gional cities such as Morwell, Victoria, and Wollongong,
New South Wales.

Coastal Development: All along the coastline, where
settlements were concentrated during the first century of
colonization, inappropriate development has occurred. Rare
heathland is threatened by housing estates along Victoria's
Great Ocean Road. The Western Australian government
has recently authorized shell grit mining in Shark Bay
National Park, home to colonies of stromatolites (the
Earth's most ancient lifeform at 3,500 million years of age),
dolphins, dugongs and turtles. Western Australia's Ningaloo
Reef, home to whale sharks, coral, rare starfish, humpback
whales and other species, is set to become Australia's latest
offshore oil production site.

A new oil terminal site is under consideration at Point
Crib, near Victoria's Phillip Island seal and fairy penguin
colonies. If constructed, the site will receive more than
150,000 tons of crude oil each week from visiting tankers.
Point Crib also features internationally significant migra-

tory bird wetlands, which, like Phillip Island's coastal
wildlife, would be ravaged by an oil spill.

Nearby Point Wilson (a nesting ground for various rare
birds) is under consideration as a site for the relocated
Coode Island chemical storage facility, following a dra-
matic chemical fire in 1989. This fire sent a vast plume of
toxic smoke drifting over Melbourne's industrialized west-
ern suburbs, forcing the evacuation of thousands of homes.
Point Wilson is also being considered by the federal gov-
ernment as a location for the East Coast Armaments
Complex, a munitions dump for army explosives.

Hinchinbrook Island, off the far north coast of
Queensland, is the largest island national park on Earth. It
is separated from the mainland by Hinchinbrook Channel.
The channel's banks support one of the most diverse and
abundant mangrove forests in Australia, a habitat for en-
dangered sea turtles, dugongs, and dolphin species. The
island lies at the edge of the Great Barrier Reef Marine
Park. A business consortium plans to build a 2,000-bed
tourist resort and 250-berth marina on Hinchinbrook Is-
land; this will require dredging of the channel. This same
consortium also plans to construct a golf course, airport and
backpacker's hostel on the island itself, in the process
destroying wilderness areas and indigenous cultural sites,

Deforestation: Australia continues to decimate her na-
tive forests at a frightening rate. Old-growth forests in East
Gippsland; the Otways in Victoria, southeast and north-
east New South Wales; the Tarkine and Great Western
Tiers; the southern and central highlands of Tasmania; the
Bunbury region of southwest Western Australia; and
Queensland's Pinkemba District are all being harvested for
export woodchipping. Five-and-one-half million tons of
woodchips are exported from Australia each year, the
majority bound for Japan to become cardboard and packag-
ing products.

In Queensland's Cape York Peninsula, 2,500 hectares of
tropical savanna-woodland have been cleared, immedi-
ately upstream from rivers feeding the prolific freshwater
wetlands of Lakefield National Park. Intensive farming is
planned for the area once more clearing (25,000 hectares
total) is completed; such farming will pour nitrates and
phosphates into the ecosystems of Lakefield and thence
into the Great Barrier Reef National Parks.

Mining: Countless mines are scattered across the Aus-
tralian landscape. Oil platforms, some of them homes for
Banes and fomori, rear from the storm-tossed waters of Bass
Strait separating Tasmania from the mainland. The North-
west Shelf, 135 kilometers off the coast of Western
Australia's Pilbara region, is one of the world's largest
national gas mining projects, and located in an area prone
to severe hurricanes. The Pilbara region is rich in iron ore;
20 years after mining began in earnest, 200 billion tons of
ore remain. Six major mines, 10 townships, 1200 kilome-
ters of railway, and five separate port facilities have been

built in the area. The area's population has correspondingly
increased from 4,000 to 50,000.

Chapter Two: Geography 51

ELE PS OT LE ST TY


Soil Erosion and Salinity: Valuable topsoil has been lost
nationwide when the trees whose roots held the soil in place
were cleared for farming. Constant irrigation of the now-
exhausted soil has raised the underground water table in
Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia, with the
result that salt has been carried to the earth's surface. Salinity
has poisoned large areas of farmland along the Murray River
and threatens to engulf increasingly wider areas.

Water Pollution: Tasmania's Derwent River has long been
poisoned with mercury and chlorine from the Australian
Newsprint paper mill in Boyer. Other paper mills using organo-
chlorines are located on the Murray River in Albury, New
South Wales; at Maryvale in Victoria; Kimbery-Clark in
South Australia; and Burnie, Tasmania. Toxins used by paper
mills are implicated as carcinogens and thought to inflict
immune system and reproductive system disorders. Elsewhere,
phosphates from laundry detergents have contributed to blue-
green algae blooms in major waterways such as the Darling
River, depleting oxygen and killing fish and other marine life.
The Darling River was recently recorded as having the world's
largest blue-green algae bloom, a growth 1000 kilometers long.

Wyrm Caerns

The Black Spiral Dancers have been quick to take advan-
tage of the Bunyip genocide. Within less than 100 years they
have established several caerns across Australia. Three such
caerns are described below.

7
Y
;

Hive of the Melted Sands

Caern: Maralinga
Level: 3
Gauntlet: 2
Type: Toxin

\)

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers

Totem: Kendi the Frill-Necked Lizard

This Hive is contained within the glassy slag of the British
nuclear test site in the South Australian desert. It is barren,
poisoned and dead, save for the twisted Black Spiral Dancers
who cavort and gibber here. The Maralinga Hive is the most
powerful Wyrm caern in Australia. The Hive leader, Claws-
in-the-Heart-of-Gaia, is a ferocious advocate of corruption.
He has personally kidnapped numerous soldiers from the
neighboring Woomera Prohibited Area. The hapless victims
are carried to the caern. There, they are either possessed by
Banes and transmogrified into fomori, or devoured in the
Black Spiral Dancers' rituals.

Hive of The Corrupted Flesh
Caern: King's Cross, Sydney
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Lust
Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers
Totem: Brolga

A
,
4
4

Located within Sydney's fleshpot, where drugs and prosti-
tution flourish on a grand scale, the Hive of the Corrupted
Flesh stands within an abandoned brothel. The building has
been closed for 20 years following the mass slaughter of the
brothel's prostitutes by an impotent and psychotic client.
Their ghosts still haunt the shell of the building, witnesses to
the obscene rites the Black Spiral Dancers hold on moonless
nights. The leader of the Black Spiral Hive, the metis Ragabash
Eye-Swallower, delights in using the extra Appearance he
gains from Hive rites, disguising himself as an attractive
woman and luring men into the building to slake the lusts of
his pack members. Children born by the pack's females
following such rapes invariably bear the Black Spiral Dancer
gene,

Hive of the Poisoned Lungs

Caern: Wittenoom

Level: I

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Toxin

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers

Totem: Shush'thull, Spirit of Asbestos

Where once humans toiled to bring asbestos to the surface
(and died by the thousands, lungs poisoned by the mine's blue
dust), today Black Spiral Dancersscuttle and crawl. Wittenocom
is not yet a ghost town, although it is haunted by the past.
It is also haunted by anew Wyrm caern established in the
tunnels that riddle the ground beneath its fibro-concrete

AN


4

shacks. The Hive's Dancers, led by the Philodox Coughs-
Lingering-Death, have reopened the asbestos mine and
transport its product to their Kinfolk in cities across Austra-
lia, Atthese places, with the aid of Pentex-run corporations,
the asbestos is purified and concentrated. The Dancers plan
to release asbestos dust into the air-conditioning systems of
office buildings, thus causing outbreaks of asbestosis across
the country.

The totem of the Wittenoom Caern is a hideous, hulking
spirit born of the mining town's nightmares. Shush'thull
grants members of the caern the following Gift:

Blue Breath (Level Three) — This Gift enables the
Dancer to exhale asbestos fibers in a deadly cloud of dust.
This Gift is taught by Shush'thull, the Bane spirit of
asbestos.

System: The Dancer must spend one Gnosis point.
Anyone inhaling the dust will begin to choke, suffering
three Health Levels of aggravated damage, if she fails a roll
of Stamina + Medicine (difficulty 8). Players must state
that their characters are holding their breath; otherwise,
they inhale the dust. A Garou who uses the Resist Toxin
Gift in the same turn is immune to the effects,

Chapter Two: Geography 53

2 a 2 eee ile 2/,


*,
‘ 7 TS
* hs


SZ

feet.. .but really it is the land that claims them. -

The Inlanders are from the same stock as the Happy Folk... .but the great old silent land that claims the People
for its own has been at work on the Inlanders too, and by now they have become a separate race.

So these races struggle to come together and drift farther apart, while the oldest race of all lives amongst them
and is hidden. This is a race of creatures born of the land itself; of red rock and secret waters, dust devils and far
places, green jungle and copper-blue saltbush. They are shy and secret creatures. The People have known them
for along time and said little. As for the other two races, if a man of them ever meets an earth spirit he is silent

for lack of a word, and so no word is said.
~~ Patricia Wrightson, "The Ice Is Coming"

Australian Aboriginals Before the Invasion

The ancestors of the Aboriginal people of Australia arrived They were standing on the shore one day
on the continent's shores at least 50,000 years ago — 25,000 Saw the white sails in the sun
years before the Pure Ones made their journey across the ice Wasn't long before they felt the sting
to settle the Americas. Aboriginal culture remained un- White man — White law — White gun.
changed until European colonization. Europeans, however,
perceived the Aboriginals as uncivilized savages; some even
saw them as animals. In declaring the Aboriginals primitives,
the newcomers justified their invasion, displacing those whom
they saw as unfit guardians of Australia. This view was plainly
a lie, and some among the Europeans, particularly Garou
Kinfolk, perceived the truth concerning both their settlement

The old south land lies across the world... Along its green margins, clustered in towns...live the Happy Folk,
with their faces to the sea. They live for happiness; it is their business and their duty. They study it and teach it
to their children, debate it, make laws to force it on each other, struggle for it, export and import it. Most of all
they buy and sell it. They have no time to look over their shoulders at the old land behind them....
Yet between the towns, and inland, behind cliffed and chasmed mountains, live other races... The People are
dark-skinned with heavy brows and watching eyes, and they belong to the land; it flows into them through their |

— Goanna, "Solid Rock"

It is estimated that between 200 and 300 Aboriginal tribes
existed in Australia before the invasion. These tribes roamed
their territories in family groups of between 20 and 80, coming
together occasionally to trade, to exchange informationand to
arrange marriages.

>

and the indigenous people whom they had ousted. Aboriginal society was based upon the beliefs that all things
were linked and that no one element should hold dominion
Chapter Three : People 55

77 em
=

Sy *
a,

Taf

~

ae t. ,

> at,
=,
q
~~ SO Nv,

NX

ae |
ag

Ap per

pao ~
Waar

'

eae yan

pay

over any other. Ifany element was to survive, then all must be
in balance. Spirit, land and people dwelt in harmony, with few
territorial disputes, no master-slave relationships, and no class
divisions. Aboriginal tribes had no chieftain or headman.
Decisions were made by those with the most experience or by
those who were held in high respect. Natural leaders came
forward as others fell away because of age, sickness or death.
There was little competition in Aboriginal society, and the
cyclic transference of leadership was not regarded as a personal
insult.

The cultural life of the Aboriginal people was rich in song,
poetry, painting, and dance. These arts were woven into a
cohesive cultural whole rather than being practiced as indi-
vidual art forms. Aboriginals' art was influenced by their
relations with the spirits and the land. Song-cycles, Aboriginal
oral histories, detailed the deeds of their ancestors, while the
stories of the Dreamtime described a continuous history, from
their first settlement in Australia up to and including the
European invasion.

Life was good to the Aboriginal people. They worked less
than any European peasant to achieve the necessities of food
and shelter. Child labor was virtually unknown, and children
were given time to explore their world through play. Men
hunted for meat while women provided vegetables. Many
items in their diet would have been considered luxuries in
Europe. The tribes cared for the land, ensuring that no creature
bred out of proportion. Bushfires were started to encourage
new plant growth. Waterholes were dug so that animals would
revitalize a depleted area. These actions were motivated by a
deep concern for the health of the land, as well as a need to
ensure that the tribes had all the food they required.

Aboriginals believed in the eternity of the spirit. When a
person was born, the spirit that came to inhabit the body had
existed since the beginning of the Dreamtime. When the
person died, the spirit returned to the Dreamtime to await its
next birth. The Aboriginals did not believe that the spirit
migrated from lower life forms to higher life forms; in their
cosmology, all living beings were equal.

All Aboriginal tribes and families could trace their origins
to the Tjukurka, the ancestor-spirits of the Dreamtime. Many
Aboriginal people thus shared, ifonly in part, the powers of the
Tjukurka. Some could call storms, kill over a distance by
pointing the bone, use telepathy to pass information in con-
junction with smoke signals, cure illness, will their own
deaths, talk with the animals of the bush, and move silently
and invisibly. Certain rare individuals could enter the
Dreamtime. This was sometimes as easy as walking over a hill,
although often special chants were required as the tribes
traveled the route of a song-line.

The Bunyip guided the Aboriginals' interaction with the
Dreamtime. The Australian Garou guarded the Dreamtime
and taught the tribes how to balance their own needs with the
needs of the landand its spirits. Attimes the Bunyip helped the
tribes perform ceremonies to strengthen the land or commu-
nicate with spirits. A young Aboriginal who began to exhibit
signs of becoming a Garou was given ereat respect. The Bunyip


would be called to take the Garou-to-be for training. The
Aboriginals were never subjected to the terror of the Impergium,
for the Bunyip saw no need to cull their number as was the case
in Europe. Consequently, Australian Aboriginals do not suffer
the Delirium unless their traditional culture and spirituality
have been eroded by white society and its rules, as is the case
for many urban Aboriginals.

Aboriginal society was seen by the invaders as primitive and
bestial. The people wore few or no clothes, had virtually no
agriculture, and had not developed such "necessities" of civi-
lization as cities or writing. The Europeans embarked on a
program of genocide, or "dispersion," as it was more euphemis-
tically known, to rid the land of its original inhabitants.
Aboriginals were not recognized as human until the mid-20th

century, and received neither the vote nor other rights until
1967.

Aboriginals Today

Then we'd bite around,

Until we'd score

A flagon of McWilliam' s port,

Enough to take away our misery.

Then we'd all get drunk,

Oh so drunk,

And maybe a little insane,

Then we'd stagger home,

All alone,

And the next day we'd do it again.

— Archie Roach, "Charcoal Lane"

In general, Aboriginal people belong to one of two separate
groups: those who live on rural reservations, and those who
have moved into the cities in search of employment and
money. It is rare for either of these groups to live ina traditional
manner, although in the outback (and even among some city-
dwellers) the old traditions are maintained as best they can be.

Most reservations, particularly those run by the Aboriginal
Protection Board, are home to a dispossessed and despondent
people, with little pride in their history and culture, living in
corrugated iron shacks with no electricity or running water.
Those few amenities provided are rarely maintained.

Child mortality rates are 400 to 500 times higher in the
reservations than in the white community. Malnutrition and
alcoholism are common. The Aboriginals, on the advice of the
white community, have changed their diet, foregoing the
healthy meats and vegetables of the bush for Coca-Cola and
junk foods. Diseases such as leprosy, tuberculosis and glau-
coma, virtually unknown in white communities, are common
on the reservations. It is expected that AIDS will become a
severe problem among the outback Aboriginal communities
unless drastic action is taken.

Urban Aboriginals generally live in the poorest inner-city
suburbs. Alcoholism and unemployment are common in these
suburbs among both the Aboriginal and white communities.
Aboriginals must also contend with racism. Urban Aboriginal

communitiesare targeted by the authoritiesas breeding grounds
of criminal activity, and Aboriginals, especially the young, are
regularly harassed by the police. Aboriginals make up approxi-
mately 25% of Australia's prison population, yet are less than
2% of the total population.

The machinations of the Squattocracy and Aboriginal
Protection Board have ensured that no Bunyip Kinfolk have
survived among Aboriginal communities. Tribal elders aware
of the secret connection to the Bunyip believe that the
Rainbow Serpent will not allow another Bunyip to live in
Australia until the invaders have been destroyed or been
driven beyond the shores.

Among both urban and rural Aboriginals a new voice has
been heard in recent years. Aboriginals have begun to exam-
ine their heritage and history, and to feel a sense of pride in
their traditional culture. With this new awareness and pride
has come an increased desire for a political voice, for land
rights, and for self-determination. In Gothic-Punk Australia
this voice has only just begun to make itself heard, although in
reality this movement began in the late 1960s.

Yon-Aboriginal

Australians

According to the myth the "Typical Australian" is a practical
man, rough and ready in his manners and quick to decry any
appearance of affectation in others. He is a great improviser... He
is a ‘hard case', sceptical about the value of religion and of
intellectual pursuits generally. He believes that Jack is not only as
good as his master but, at least in principle, probably a good deal
better, and so he is a great knocker of eminent people unless...they
are distinguished by physical prowess. He is a fiercely independent
person who hates officiousness and authority...yet he is very
hospitable and above all will stick to his mates through thick and
thin...

— Russel Ward, "The Australian Legend"

Since 1788 Australia has been colonized by Europeans and,
more recently, Asians and other races. In the last 50 years the
immigrant population has changed from monotonously Anglo-
Saxon to broadly multicultural, although this is less obvious in
rural areas, where the heritage and prejudices of British culture
remain strong. Australia has been among the most successful
of multicultural countries because of its policy of encouraging
each nationality to celebrate its diversity, thereby enriching
Australian culture as a whole. Greek, Italian and Turkish
immigrants have been joined by Lithuanians, Tibetans, Chi-
nese, Cambodians, Vietnamese, Senegalese, Kenyans, and a
plethora of other nationalities, making modern Australia a
tich blend of cultures and lifestyles.

Nonetheless, stereotypes of Australian culture abound.
Australians are allegedly easygoing, resilient, generous, com-
passionate, and friendly, with a healthy disregard for authority
and a firm belief in equality for all. Few Australians would
claim to be patriotic, and tourists from the U.S.A. are often
taken aback at the lack of nationalism they encounter.

Chapter Three : People 57

ELD PT neni //,


|

aA

Considerable pride is taken in Australian achievement,
although this is often reflected in criticism of other coun-
tries rather than compliments toward Australia.

Australia's distance from England, and the vast spaces
early settlers had to traverse in order to visit one another,
encouraged self-sufficiency among Australians. The Aus-
tralian tradition of mateship was thereby founded. A mate
is one's best friend, someone for whom you would die and
who would definitely die for you. Mateship originated in
the harsh conditions of the outback, when a man had to
depend on his mate for all things. Mateship has been
described as sexist and homoerotic, an expression of non-
physical love between men who have been taught to
believe that any form of tenderness, even toward a best
friend, isunmanly and un-Australian. The bond of mateship
endures today, even between total strangers, whose use of
the word with one another indicates that they are men
united against the world, and often against women. "Mate"
is a code word, admitting its user to a secret society, a
fraternal order. Just as mateship suggests all men are equal,
it also suggests women are unequal. Derision and exclusion
sometimes extend to anyone who is perceived as different,
whether sexually, physically or racially.

As recently as the 1960s, most Australians looked to-
ward England for cultural fidelity and for political and
economic support. Australia's origin as a nation of convicts
was seen as shameful, especially by the upper classes. These
Australians aped English behavior in every way, dreaming
of white Christmases in midsummer and rounding their
vowels to minimize the nasal Australian drawl. The cul-
tural cringe of the past saw many Australian artists flee the
narrow-minded, conservative Australian society for over-
seas, including personalities as diverse as comedian Barry
Humphries and musician Nick Cave. The egalitarian,
"Jack's as good as his master" nature of Australian society
became restrictive, as those who achieved a greater level of
success than their fellows were derided and despised — the
"tall poppy syndrome," as it has been called.

Following World War Il, when England was widely
believed to be abandoning Australia, the U.S.A. became
an increasingly important ally. Paranoia instilled by the
Cold War, American expansion into the Pacific region,
and the increasing dominance of the U.S.A. in media and
entertainment all contributed to the embrace of Ameri-
canism. Sections of the population are beginning to resent
the subversion of their culture by the U.S.A., although
U.S. trends are embraced wholeheartedly by the young.

While most Australians perceive multiculturalism as
good, certain sections of the Australian population regret
the loss of Anglo-Saxon dominance. In the most extreme
examples, gangs of neo-Nazi skinheads have arisen in
capital cities from the 1970s onward. Generally such preju-
dices are more common among older Australians; the
young are proud of Australia's multicultural society.

5

am

The Garou Tribes

We are the earth, through the plants and animals that nourish us.

Wee are the rains and the oceans that flow through our veins.

We are the breath of the forests of the land, and the plants of the sea.

— Declaration of Interdependence, David Suzuki

Foundation

Approximately 350 Garou live in Australia. Of these, two-
thirds are native-born Garou, their Kinfolk either dingo or
human. Garou immigrants have decreased in number since
immediately after World War II, when the greatest influx
occurred. Most Australian Garou live in rural areas, shunning
the cities; Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers are obvious
exceptions.

Black Furies

The Black Furies have suffered immense guilt over the
death of the Bunyip, now correctly perceiving it as a shameful
atrocity. Since the War of Tears, Australian Black Furieshave
tured away from destruction to become caretakers and
nurturers. Defenders of Wyld

they are now much more
'o conflict rather than the

likely to seek peaceful resolut
violence for which they ;
Nonetheless, Blac!
they must be. Th
Dreamtime, for the

arsome warriors when
in protecting the
ware of the interde-
lack Furies are

jing the filth-

choked cities o}

History

Individual Black Furies
when the Philodox Ath

ved in Australia as early as 1800,
Mother's-Child traveled from
Greece to the colony in{®rder to take charge of the new
wilderness territory. Spurn@d by Earl Blaze, Athena traveled to
the island of Tasmania. Others of her tribe, concerned at what
might befall the Australian environment if the traditional
defenders of the Wyld were not present, joined her. Their
attempts to take charge of the Australian wilderness, and to
cull what they saw as unnecessary numbers of Aboriginals,
were interfered with by the Bunyip. It was this insult to their
pride that goaded the Black Furies into joining forces with
their fellow Garou during the War of Tears.

The Black Furies were appalled at their actions when the
truth behind the War of Tears was revealed. Their tendency
for violence and pride, they saw, had led them to the very maw
of the Wyrm. Since those terrible times, Australian Black
Furieshave avoided violence, instead working closely with the
Children of Gaia to guide humanity toward a more peaceful
relationship with Gaia. In 1902 Australia became the first
country in the world to give women the vote, a great achieve-
ment for the tribe.

The majority of Australia's Black Furies arrived with their
Greek Kinfolk after the Second World War. Australian Greeks

Rage Across Australia

ry


:

A

are concentrated in Sydney and Melbourne, but also dwell on
scattered farms throughout the outback. Tension has arisen
between more traditional Black Furies, who consider pacifism
a weakness, and their violence-abhorring elders. Today many
Black Furies concentrate on preventing violence against
women. One of the few packs of urban Black Furies has taken
it upon itself to execute or castrate rapists, earning the displea-
sure of the older members of their tribe.

Organization

Australia is home to some 25 Black Furies, concentrated in
their protectorates of Amhem Land and Kangaroo Island,
although members of the tribe are also found among intertribal
packs. One member of the Outer Calyx makes Australia her
home, although she was bom in Greece. Aphrodite Delphius
spends much of the year on Kangaroo Island, where she is sept
leader. Occupied as she is with international concerns,
Aphrodite leaves Wungala Rose, of the Arnhem Land Protec-
torate, to oversee Australian Black Fury affairs. Although
Aphrodite is a traditionalist, she understands the changes
Australia's Black Furies have undergone, and even hopes that
her tribe worldwide may learn something from their Austra-
lian sisters.

Other Black Furies of note include the homid Theurge
Circe Chisolm, who is regularly beset by visions of the Apoca-
lypse; and the lupus Ahroun Ball-Biter, who leads a rogue,
nomadic Black Fury pack against rapists.

Most Australian Black Furies subscribe to the Temple of
Artemis camp, though the Amazons of Diana have consider-
able support. Freebooters ply their trade in search of Bunyip
fetishes and lost caerns. Relationships between the Black
Furies and other tribes in Australia are generally harmonious,
save for the Shadow Lords, whom they will never forgive for
ousting them from Tasmania. They are closest to the Children
of Gaia in their philosophy, but respect the Glass Walkers for
remaining distant from the War of Tears, often deferring to
them where matters of technology and cities are concerned.
Black Furies consider the Get of Fenris and Red Talons to be
irreconcilably violent, and never associate with them unless
under duress. They believe that the Fianna are attempting to
make amends for their past crimes, and especially revere the
Children of Gaia, whom most Black Furies uphold as paragons
of Garou behavior.

Wungala Rose

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Black Furies

Nature/Demeanor: Maker/Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

WungalaQ ose

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 5, Expression 4, Primal-
Urge 3

Skills: Leadership 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 4, Past'Life 2

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm, Truth of
Gaia; (2) Curse of Aeolus; (3) Wisdom of the Ancient Ways;
(4) Scent of Beyond

Rank: 4

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot
Rite, Rite of Binding, Rite of Summoning, Rite of Passage, The
Wombat's Burrow (as Badger's Burrow)

Fetishes: Clear Water, Gaia's Poultice, Spirit Drum, Tears
of Gaia

Image: Wungala is a small Aboriginal woman, bent with
age, although her eyes are still bright and her wits sharp. Her
graying hair is boundup in neat dreadlocks, kept out of her eyes
with a headband in the Aboriginal colors of red, yellow and
black. In Lupus form she is asmall, dark wolf; her fur isspeckled

with white, and her muzzle and the tip of her tail are white as
snow.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a woman of deep compassion,
although you have known much sorrow. Never succumb to
grief, for the Wyrm isa great exploiter of anguish and uses it to
mire people in depression. You hope that by educating your
own people and the whitefellas you can make peace between
them, although it will be a long struggle. Smile calmly but
sadly, and always be ready, with a soft touch or a gentle word,
tocalm those Garou whose Rage threatens to erupt in mindless
brutality.

Chapter Three : People 59

OP TD TI ioe //,


|

a A"

History: Wungala was born in 1931 ona cattle station in
the Norther Territory. Her mother, Bulangu, was a member
of the Pitjantjatjara tribe. Her father, whom Wungala never
knew, was a Greek-bom shepherd-turned-stockman who un-
knowingly bore the Garou gene. Bulangu worked for the
station owner's wife as a maid for many years, during which
time she met and fell in love with Wungala's father, becoming
pregnant to him. Once she was with child, the stockman
abandoned her. Bulangu was dismissed by the station owner,
and, barefoot and pregnant, returned to her tribe. Here, near
Uluru, Wungala was born.

As Wungala grew, she witnessed the havoc wreaked upon
her people by alcohol and disease. The love the Pitjantjatara
once bore for one another and the land was lost; Bulangu was
slain by herown brother ina drunken rage when Wungala was
only 12. Soon afterward, Wungala was carried off by the
Garou.

For many years Wungala has sought to help Aboriginals,
Garou, and even the whitefellas who have destroyed the
Aboriginal way of life. She is the leader of Amhem Land's
Black Furies. In this role, Wungala guides her tribe in assisting
Aboriginals, especially Aboriginal women, who suffer at the
hands of white men and Aboriginal men alike.

In the early 1970s, Wungala was offered a seat on the
Jindabyne Council. She now divides her time equally between
Ambhem Land and Jindabyne Council business. Wungala was
instrumental in setting up the Aboriginal, community-run
health centers that sprang up across Australia in the late '70s
and early '80s, and took special care in establishing women's
refuges and self-help groups in inner-city Melbourne and
Sydney. Once she was sure that such models were effective,
Wungala introduced similar centers in Darwin, Alice Springs
and the outback. Although she is proud of her achievements,
she sees themas only a beginning, and now tums herattention
toward uniting Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal Australians.
Only through a united human population can the corrupting
taint of the Wyrm be defeated.

Despite her age she is still strong, although within the next
10 years or so she knows she must find a successor capable of
continuing her plan. Wungala defers to Aphrodite Delphius,
Australia's representative upon the Outer Calyx, as befits a
Black Fury of her rank and wisdom.

Doula Kostikidas

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Furies

Nature/Demeanor: Penitent/Bravo

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
3 (2/0/3/3) (2/0/1/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Leadership 3, Stealth 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resources 1, Totem 3

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Heightened Senses, Sense
Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Curse of Hatred; (3) Visceral Agony

Rank: 3

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Metis Disfigurement: Hermaphrodite

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of the Opened Caern, Baptism of
Fire

Fetishes: None

Image: In her Lupus form, Voula isa gaunt, black, male wolf
with burning green eyes. Her Homid form is that ofa tall, olive-
skinned woman in her late teens, with long, black hair, a thin
face and pain-filled green eyes. In Crinos form, Voula is
hermaphroditic, with a woman's breasts but male genitalia.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate yourself, and compensate by
inflicting that hate on other people. You are cold, detached
and cruel. Do not hesitate to resort to violence in order to
convince others to follow your orders, although your remorse
is always great when violence gains control of your actions.
Take every opportunity to revile the city and the weaklings
who inhabit it. Although you hate the city, you hate yourself
more, and so remain within its confines, trapped in a vicious
circle of self-loathing.

History: Voula was born of a relationship between her
mother, a Black Fury of the Kangaroo Island Protectorate, and
her Red Talon father. Already despised by her mother's pack

for her metis status, Voula is doubly reviled for the unusual

60 Rage Across Australia

ll ——

ii /,


Wh S74

nature of her metis taint. Voula is a hermaphrodite, although
hercondition only becomes apparent when she changes out of
Homid form. She was exiled from Kangaroo Island as soon as
she was old enough to fend for herself.

Rejected byhertribe, Voulaeventually arrived in Melbourne
and took shelter in the Fitzroy Gardens, where she was visited
bya vision from Artemis. Voula saw herself leading a pack of
outcasts and outsiders and taking refuge in the long-forgotten
Bunyip caern located where the Fitzroy Gardens now stand.
Since that day Voula has welded together a suitable pack,
although she fears thatshe will one day lead them into disaster.
Voula compensates for her fears and insecurities by bullying
her pack.

Although she has dwelt in Melbourne for many years, she
hates the city; as a Black Fury, she knows that her true place
is in the wilderness. Spumed by her tribe for not being a true
woman, she feels that she must live a life of shame, and what
place is more shameful for a Black Fury to inhabit than the
heart ofa metropolis? Wracked by guilt, tortured by doubt and
self-hatred, Voula lives only for the fight against the Wyrm.

Bone Gnawers

The members of this tribe are quite common in Australia,
breeding as often with dinggs
dogs that ro roam the city stg

Cs is their
overseas cousins ible! Bone ¢ lowest com-
mon denominator of Australian Garou, delighting in earthy
humor and a cold beer. They see themselves as being the
epitome of the "true-blue Aussie battler" and the backbone of
Garou society. A love of sports is firmly entrenched in Austra-
lian Bone Gnawer culture.

History

Bone Gnawers were the first European Garou to settle
Australia in significant numbers, serving as marines upon the
convict transports of the First Fleet. Included as a passenger
was the Bone Gnawer named Porkchop. Porkchop was per-
ceived as a provocateur by Britain's Silver Fangs, for she held a
dream of Bone Gnawer equality. Porkchop's passionate words
during the long journey to the colony gained her many
disciples by the time the First Fleet arrived in Sydney Cove.
The Silver Fangs, hoping that these troublesome Bone Gnaw-
ers would die, were assigned the task of scouting and mapping
the harsh Australian interior. But the Bone Gnawerssurvived,
even flourished, and returned to Sydney Town bearing de-
tailed maps. In so doing they won the grudging respect of their
fellow Garou. Isolation from Europe knit the newly arrived
Garou into a tighter social group that largely ignored the
customary tribal cliques. This led to members of other tribes,
especially Fianna and Glass Walkers, appreciating the Bone

Chapter Three : People

JL me

Gnawers' practical approach to life, strength of will, and
ability to survive everything thrown at them.

During the War of Tears, Bone Gnawers participated both
as scouts and combatants. When the manipulation of the
Black Spiral Dancers was revealed, the Bone Gnawers de-
clared a year of mourning. At the end of this period they
resumed their livesas normal. The Bone Gnawers' practicality
was expressed by one of their warriors, when asked about the
War of Tears by a child. "We made a mistake and will
remember it for the rest of our lives. But thisdoesn't mean that
we should live our lives in the shadow of that mistake. We
survive. Now, are you finished with that leg? I'd like the bone."

Organization

There are approximately 40 Bone Gnawers in Australia,
concentrated in the capital cities. Of these, more than half
dwell in Sydney, where they keep aclose eye on the down-and-
outof Australia's largestand most densely populated metropolis.
Elsewhere, Bone Gnawers snoop and spy, selling information
to any Garou who will buy them a meal. They also maintain
their traditional responsibility of watching over the homeless
and destitute.

Some Australian Bone Gnawers of note are: the metis
Ragabash Choco-Loco of Sydney, renowned for tricking a
powerful vampire into getting up an hour early and walking
into the rays of the setting sun; Melbourne's Carn-the-Pies, a
homid Galliard and fanatical Collingwood Football Club
supporter; and the would-be Glass Walker Square-Eyes, a
metis Philodox of Perth.

Bone Gnawers are despised by Silver Fangs and Shadow
Lords, who consider them hopelessly inferior. Red Talons and
Get of Fenris look down on Bone Gnawers as decadent, city-
bred weaklings, but treat them with grudging respect when
appropriate. Other tribes, especially the Fianna, treat Bone
Gnawers respectfully, especially when they can annoy Silver
Fangs by doing so.

Two unique Bone Gnawer camps — Fans and Idealists —
have their adherents in Australia. Of the other camps, as
described in the Werewolf Players Guide and the Bone
Gnawers Tribebook, both the Rat Finks and the Hood have
members in Australia, although no Deserters are present.

Fans are those Bone Gnawers who take the tribal mentality
to an extreme. Within each Bone Gnawer pack, the Fans
adorn themselves in the colorsof their chosen football or rugby
team, disdaining Bone Gnawers who follow other teams.
Their contempt for rival Fans is matched only by their love of
a fight, followed by a beer, after which their rivalry is tempo-
rarily forgotten until next week's game.

Idealists are those Bone Gnawers who share Porkchop's
dream. They are frequently found among multitribal packs,
where they seek to elevate their position at any cost. As
well as proving their worth as unflinching enemies of the
Wyrm, Idealists often attempt to elevate their social status,
hoarding money and goods instead of the more traditional
Bone Gnawer junk. Idealists are dismissed as nouveau riche by

61

cae 7 a


Silver Fangs, and in turn often look down upon other Bone
Gnawers.

Mother Pasta

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Caregiver

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance
2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 2, Performance 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Politics 1, Rituals 3, Science 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Kinfolk 1, Resources 1

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Open Seal, Persuasion, Scent of Run-
ning Water; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Jam Technology; (3)
Gremlins; (4) Attunement

Rank: 4

Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of the Questing Stone, Moot
Rite, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Summoning

Fetishes: Coin of Wealth, Bowl of Perpetual Pasta (Level 2,
Gnosis 4. This chipped china bowl fills magically with pasta when
the name of the desired dish is spoken and a fetish activation
roll is successful. The resulting pasta is always slightly over-

cooked.)

Mother Pasta

62 Rage Across Australia

A. PT Ss TR en eieniemay //,

Image: Mother Pasta is a plump, smiling woman of Italian
origin. Since the death of her husband she has dressed in black
from head to toe. A black shawl covers her gray hair, which is
usually tied back in a bun. She has rosy cheeks, dark eyes, and,
despite missing a few teeth, a bright smile. Her olive skin is
tanned and wrinkled. Short and heavily built, she stomps
about in sensible shoes. In Lupus form, Mother Pasta isa small,
fat wolf, her glossy pelt brown with red highlights.

Roleplaying Notes: You are warm and motherly on the
surface, but hide great anxiety. Every now and again this
manifests in sudden snaps of the tongue and barely repressed
anger. Regardless of your mood, shrug often and constantly
gesture with your hands. You have a heavy Italian accent.

History: Mother Pasta emigrated to Australiafrom Calabria,
Italy, with her parents in the late 1940s. After many years her
father found work on the Snowy Mountain Scheme, and the
family's home became a corrugated iron shed in Jindabyne. It
was here that Mother Pasta, then known as Maria Condotta,
was sought out by the Garou. A number of Bone Gnawers lived
among the laborers, and, sensing that Maria was of their tribe,
made themselves known to her. Maria had always felt an
outsider; among the Garou she felt that she had found her
rightful place. After her transformation, Pasta, as she was now
known, stayed in Jindabyne for many years, marrying a Kinfolk
boy and working closely with the Bone Gnawer representative
of the Jindabyne Council. Father Meat-and-Three-Veg was
also the leader of a large Sydney Bone Gnawer sept; as he grew
older, he groomed Pasta to inherit his position. Today she is
leader of the Rocks Sept and holds the Bone Gnawer chair at
Jindabyne. "

Unknown to all, Mother Pasta has become unhinged by
grief over the death of her husband five years ago. Her great
love of pasta has been replaced by a growing desire for human
flesh, ideally that of small children. She has practiced stalking
children as they walk home from school, as well as streetkids.
To date, she has not yet put her fantasies into action, but it is
only a matter of time. Should her psychopathic nature be
discovered, Mother Pasta's actions will be exploited by the
Shadow Lords, who have long maintained that the Bone
Gnawers are unfit to sit upon the Jindabyne Council. Al-
though a suitable successor exists, in the form of Melbourne's
Scratches-at-Fleas, it would be difficult to convince him of his
worthiness. Meanwhile Mother Pasta nods and smiles, all the
while coming closer and closer to acting out her insane
fantasies.

Scratches-at-Fleas

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Nature/Demeanor: Caregiver/Jester

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance
1 (O/O/1/1)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

ans

AA"

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Primal-
Urge 5, Streetwise 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Leadership 3, Melee 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 3

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Inspiration, Heightened Senses, Leap
of the Kangaroo; (2) True Fear; (3) Catfeet, Heart of Fury

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: In Lupus form, which he favors, Scratches-at-Fleas
isa small but muscular beast of indeterminate heritage: part
wolf, part dog, part dingo. His fur is ragged and dusty, a mottled
combination of black, white and yellow-brown. Despite his
fagtag appearance, his brown eyes are sharp and alert. In
Homid form, Scratches is a short, stocky man in his late 20s,
with sandy hair and bright eyes. He favors plaid shirts, blue
singlets, faded jeans and work boots. Occasionally Scratches-
at-Fleas will disguise himselfas a mechanic, hospital orderly or
similar blue-collar worker if he needs to infiltrate some human
organization. Regardless of his form, he is forever absentmind-
edly scratching himself for fleas, often at inappropriate
moments.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a Bone Gnawer hero, albeit a
modest one. Grin disarmingly, defer to others, and always ask
people for advice. Treat everything as a joke, except for the
topic of the homeless and the dispossessed, which you take
extremely seriously.

History: Scratches-at-Fleas spent the first two years of his
life scrounging from garbage bins and dumpsters behind res-
taurants. Even before his change he wasasocial animal, always
sharing his scraps with the weaker scavengers of his pack.
When cornered by dogcatchers he would snarl and bark
threateningly, making sure others were clear before he made
his escape.

It was during one such confrontation that Scratches-at-
Fleas experienced his first transformation. As he stood barking
ata fat, greedy dogcatcher, he felt Rage boiling up inside him.
Before he understood what was happening, Scratches-at-Fleas
found himself standing on his hind paws. One great claw
tossed the dogcatcher aside, while the other ripped open the
man's truck and released the dogs within.

Since that day Scratches-at-Fleas has made it his duty to
serve Gaia's weakest children. A member of the Sept of the
Mother and the Sacred King, he is also part of the Hood. He
takes special care of those humans who cannot fend for
themselves: the homeless and the helpless, schizophrenic
streetkids, prostitutes raped by the police, trampsand derelicts.
He brings them food and protects them from further harm.
Scratches-at-Fleas is one of the greatest warriors ofhisseptand
has often sprung new cubs from hospitals, prisons and insane
asylums. These actions have won him much acclaim, but he is
a modest Garou, much happier telling jokes around the fire
than listening to praise.

Children of Gaia

Since the War of Tears, Australia's Children of Gaia have
rejected violence out of hand, disdaining all who are domi-
nated by Rage. They are aloof, arrogant and patronizing in
their attitude toward "Gaia's fallen children," as they call their
fellow Garou. They alone among the Garou are closest to the
Mother, the Children smugly assert. The Children of Gaia
exploit the guilt of the A
to make other tribes
With Australia's Blac
dren of Gaia have
who they feel are in

History
iigrants to Australia.

The then A ere ear
The tribe's envoy carteonthe Fi et, asa priest to minister

to the convicts' souls. Father Raymond Hawkins, known
among the Garou as Raymond Love-of-the-Goddess, died
exhausted, worn out fighting the brutality of a regime that
considered convicts expendable beasts of burden. Such atti-
tudes were anathema to the Children of Gaia, who arrived in
ever-increasing numbers in Australia as news spread of the
harsh conditions under which the convicts labored. At first

wu, and always manage

ies nurturing humanity, the Chil-
their attentions toward the Garou,
re immediate need of healing.

the Children were scattered individuals traveling to separate
penal settlements to combat the depravity and fear sown by
the Wyrm's agents. Soon, however, the Children of Gaia
united. In 1864 they were instrumental in ending transporta-
tion of convicts to the colonies.

The Children then tumed their attentions toward saving
the Aboriginals, but were horrified to discover how quickly the
Wyrm's agents liad ravaged and slaughtered the indigenous
Australians. Before they had marshaled their forces to combat

Chapter Three : People 63


Sere rere ene ree cere sie Arve oer eee res umcerenamearenseh)

the Aboriginal Protection Board, the Children of Gaia were
faced with battle on another front, against the Bunyip. The
more impetuous among the tribe, those whose loathing of the
Wyrm outweighed their quest for spiritual perfection, fought
alongside the other tribes in the War of Tears. Sickened by the
knowledge of their beguilement by the Black Spiral Dancers,
they swore as one never to raise a paw in violence again.

Over the last century the Children of Gaia have been
occupied with healing the wounds inflicted on the Garou by
the Bunyip genocide. Many Children believe that the scars
caused by the War of Tears can be healed only by confronting
the events of those tragic days. An obsession with the repercus-
sions of the War of Tears is central to Australia's Children of
Gaia. Many have embraced the teachings of psychology and
psychotherapy. Others have joined the Church, playing a
major part in the decision of the Anglican and Uniting
churches to admit women to the priesthood. Children of Gaia
were also responsible for the angry protests that met soldiers
returning from the Vietnam War.

Since the heady days of the 1960s, the Children have
remained in touch with counterculture movements and are
active among antinuclear and green organizations. It is a
testament to the Children of Gaia that green movements, and
an awareness of the importance of the environment, continue
to thrive in human society today.

Organization

Some 20 Children of Gaia make Australia their home. The
majority dwell in the Nimbin Protectorate, although one pack
of Children roams the Daintree Rainforest in northern
Queensland. Other Children of Gaia serve in multitribal
packs throughout the land; these Children are invariably
outcasts from their tribe, ronin who have tumed to violence.

Important Australian Children include Stewart Sweet-Is-
the-Morning, a Ragabash drug dealer who, because of his
belief that mind-altering drugs will increase humanity's love
for Gaia, seeks to spike Adelaide's water supply with LSD; the
Galliard folk singer Kirsten Songs-of-Harmony, who travels
up and down the east coast performing to countless audiences,
human and Garou alike; and the Ahroun ronin Love-Is-a-
Bloody-Claw.

Australian Children of Gaia are predominantly adherents
of the Patient Deed camp, although the Imminent Strike
faction does have its few followers. The Children work closely
with Australia's Black Furies and Fianna. The voices of the
Children of Gaiaare often heard supporting the Glass Walkers
against the Silver Fangs, and they are ever full of praise for the
Bone Gnawers. They mourn the violent tendencies of the Get
of Fenris and Red Talons, and constantly remind the other
tribes that a Red Talon's Rage triggered the war of Tears.

Innana, Doice of the Godvdess

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

64
LL ———

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature/Demeanor: Visionary/Traditionalist

Physical: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 3, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Leadership 1, Performance 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Medicine 3, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Past Life 4

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Smell of (Wo)man, Spirit
Speech, Resist Pain; (2) Calm; (3) Dazzle; (4) Serenity

Rank: 4

Rage 2, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caer, Rite of Cleansing, Moot
Rite, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Spirit Awakening,
Rite of Becoming, Rite of the Opened Bridge, Rite of the
Shrouded Glen

Fetishes: Friendship Ring, Key to the Umbra

Image: In Homid form, Innana isa tall, slender woman in
her mid-20s, with long, loose blond hair. Her eyes are brilliant
green, her skin pale, and her expression detached. She favors
flowing robes of light blue and green, and always goes barefoot.
Her Lupus form is that of a fine-boned and solemn dingo; her
fur is soft, golden, and much longer than usual.

Roleplaying Notes: You are never entirely focused and
have a short attention span. No one can predict what you will
say next. Your conversations are sporadic and disconnected.
You smile vaguely, and often attempt to encourage others to
"relax, flow, and feel the Goddess." You also practice Tai Chi
at unusual moments.

nnana

Rage Across Australia

tiie 2/4


History: Innana was born to hippie parents in Nimbin,
where she has spent all her life. Raised on a diet of peace, love,
and marijuana, Innana (previously named Crystal) was always
astrange child. She heard voices whispering to her in the wind,
and dreamed of quaint, curious creatures peering through the
windows of her parents' mudbrick house, promising to take her
to faraway, magical places. When the Change took her,
Innana was not in the least bit troubled; indeed, she embraced
this new life with her usual distracted joy.

As a Garou, Innana found her visions stronger and more
frequent. Indeed, because of her visions, Innana was chosen by
her tribe as Voice of the Goddess, for it was apparent that the
Goddess spoke through her. Unfortunately, her visions often
contradict each other, and Innana does not yet have the
insight to decipher them. Sometimes she sees the Children of
Gaia leading the Garou into a new and better millennium.
Other visions show the Children ceasing to exist as a tribe,
instead going among the Garou individually to guide their
spiritual development at a personal level. On rare occasions
Innana even sees herself abdicating her position in favor of a
more important spiritual quest, although exactly what this
quest might entail she does not know.

Innana is considered eccentric by the members of the
Jindabyne Council, upon which she occasionally sits. Her
practice of dancing naked every morning on the hilltops of
Nimbin in a ceremony to honor Gaia contributes to this, and
her penchants for fumigating Jindabyne meetings with in-
cense and distributing dope cookies and tofu smacks to her
fellow councilors increase her misunderstood position. Innana
is neither insane nor simple-minded, but the strength of her
many and contrary visions interferes with her interactions
with the real world. She prefers spiritual matters to those of the
physical world and spends as much time as possible in Nimbin.
The protectorate's Arm of the Goddess also sits on the
Jindabyne Council, representing the interests of the Children
of Gaiawhen Innanaisnot present. Unlike Innana, Cernonous
is a realist, and the two rarely see eye to eye.

Cernonous, Arm of the Godvess

Position: Jindabyne Council member (part-time)

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Curmudgeon

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5}, Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Leadership 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 4,
Medicine 3, Rituals 3, Science 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Chapter Three : People

OA PT YR ST TY

Gifts: (1) Create Element, Mother's Touch, Resist Pain,
Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse of Hatred; (3) Reshape Object; (4)
Gift of the Echidna (Porcupine)

Rank: 4

Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Metis Disfigurement: Horns

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Ostracism, Rite of the
Totem

Fetishes: Shard of Despair, Vulcan's Interface

Image: Cernonous' Homid form appears as a thick-set man
of late middle age, with a faintly Polynesian cast to his swarthy
features. His dark hair is receding, his eyes are grim, and his
expression is dour. He is capable of kind words, and his
occasional smiles are like the sun shining through clouds on an
overcast day. His Lupus form is that of a gaunt, gray wolf with
small horns growing from his forehead. These horns, his metis
deformity, are evident in all of his forms save Homid. It is
because of this disfigurement that he bears the name Cernonous,
after the Horned God of Celtic myth, consort of the Goddess.
When dealing with humans he calls himself Professor Curwen
Nostrum.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a serious Garou, bearing the
weight of the world on your broad shoulders. Although
capable of mirth, you are more inclined to solemnity. Speak
slowly, considering your every word, and smile only rarely.

History: Cernonous was born of two Children of Gaia. His
mother was of Serbian descent, his father Filipino. They
believed that their love was not unnatural, for surely it came
from Gaia, not the Wyrm. Cernonous was raised without guilt,
and it came as a shock to him when he first experienced the
prejudice and scorn most metis experience. For many years he
lived bewildered and frightened, gradually coming to know
shame. Cernonous perceived that his horns were what marked
him out to other Garou as unnatural, and so he swore to enter

65


human society and lear all he could about genetics, in order
to free himself of his metis taint.

Years of study taught Cernonous much, and, under the
name Curwen Nostrum, he became one of the rising stars in
Australian genetic research. The answer to his quest still
eluded him, however, and Cernonous began shunning hu-
mans and Garou alike in favor of furious research and heavy
drinking. Late one night, while staggering along Bondi Beach
singing drunkenly to the stars, Cernonous received a vision of
Gaia. He saw the Goddess dancing down a path of moonlight
reflected across the waves, a thylacine fawning at her feet.

Since that day Cernonous has devoted himself to the task
of bringing back the Bunyip. He believes that he might find
the Bunyip gene in a thylacine, if any still live in Tasmania's
wilderness, or, failing that, viable cells in bones or hair from
museum specimens. With his knowledge, Cernonous hopes to
extract DNA andclone the Bunyip, reintroducing them to the
world. To date he has had no success, but Cernonous perse-
veres. He keepshis research secret from other Garou. Were the
Red Talons to discover that he sought to return the Bunyip to
the world, Cernonous believes that Mamu and his tribe would
not hesitate to kill him. The only Garou Cernonous has
entrusted with his secret is Darius Winchester, the Silver Fang
king, whohas funded hisresearch. Unknown toall, Cernonous's
research is monitored by the Progenitor Convention of the
Technocracy. Its members have not acted to prevent his
discoveries, hoping to claim the results as their own.

His dedication to the Goddess and his strength of spirit
caused Cernonous's election by his tribe as the Nimbin
Protectorate's Arm of the Goddess, and thus a part-time
representative on the Jindabyne Council. The time he is
forced to spend away from his true work chafes at Cemonous's
patience. So does Innana, Voice of the Goddess, whom he
considers hopelessly optimistic and naive. Having experi-
enced the bigotry of his fellow Garou firsthand, Cernonous
knows well the evil they are capable of and believes ita waste
of time seeking to guide them toward Gaia's love. He expresses
his bitterness by constantly reminding his fellow Garou of the
War of Tears.

Diem

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Nature/Demeanor: Survivor/Lone Wolf

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Expression 4, Primal-Urge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Performance (Photography) 5, Sur-
vival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Rituals 3, Science 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 1, Past Life 2

66
i ——_—

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Open Seal, Persuasion, Scentof
Running Water; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Calm

Rank: 2

Rage 2, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Questing

Fetishes: Dream Trap

Image: Diem is a middle-aged Cambodian, small in stature
and lightly built. Diem is going slightly bald on his crown, but
gray hairsweeps down his shoulders; this is often tied back with
a colorful ribbon. He always appears balanced, relaxed and
comfortable, and is extremely patient. His lined face is more
often smiling than frowning, and he peers with penetrating
eyes from behind delicate, gold-rimmed glasses.

Roleplaying Notes: You area man who knows how to wait.
Unfailingly polite, you always listen to what people have tosay
and respond with a few carefully chosen words. You are a great
believer in beauty and a voracious devourer of stories, and will
pay special attention to anyone who provides you with either
of these. Although quiet and serene, you are always scrutiniz-
ing people, and can detect lies with uncanny accuracy.

History: Diem was born in Cambodia, which he fled with
his family at age 13 during the reign of Pol Pot and the Khmer
Rouge, just before undergoing his First Change. Diem had
been contacted by a mysterious group of Cambodian Garou,
who had claimed him as their own. Diem, however, chose to
leave Cambodia with his family, and to this day he does not
know who these Garou were or whether he will ever meet one
of them again.

Upon his arrival in a refugee camp on the Australian coast,
the young and frightened Diem was found by Michelle Moon-
rise, a Child of Gaia from the Nimbin Protectorate. The
Children of Gaia taught Diem the lore of the Garou and made

Rage Across Australia

aay /


AZ

him one of their own. Years later, Diem is still unsure of who
he really is, and is torn between the Children's kindness and
a nagging feeling that he does not belong in Australia.

Diem is an accomplished photographer. He often travels to
the outback, where, using a combination of his skills and
Garou abilities, he takes spectacular photographs. Diem serves
Gaia by printing these photographs and showing humanity
the beauty of Her creations. He is responsible for many of the
pictures, whether of whales or desert landscapes, that hang in
suburban homes, schools, corporate offices, etc., across the
nation. It is a private joke of Diem's that the picture hanging
in Pentex's Sydney reception room isa photo of Mamu, leader
of the Red Talons, sleeping in Lupus form beneath a boab tree.

When Diem began photographing Garou he encountered
opposition from many quarters, but that did not stop many
dingo lupus Garou posing for him. Diem claims that nothing
conveys the beauty of Gaia better than a Garou, and this
appeals to the egos of many lupus. Diem's most recentachieve-
ment was a trip to America to produce a nature calendar filled
with pictures of some of the most prominent lupus in the
country. Lately he has become more restless concerning his
origins, and is planning a photographic trip to Cambodia in
the near future.

Fianna

Australia's Fianna have long been dominant on the conti-
nent, arriving in large numbers since the European invasion.
The tribe's habit of involving itself in human politics has
earned it considerable power in Australia, to the point where
Fianna Kinfolk currently advise important ministers in the
federal government. Such political influence is usually used
against the Silver Fangs, whom ti have long hated.

The Fianna called the Hug the Bunyip, an act for
which they have never fgfgi emselves. Since then,
Australian Fianna have judgmental where the
crimes of other Garou a have not called
another Hunt to date.

History

Fianna Kinfolk arrived
bers of the tribe, tra rl
against the English

tempered Bridget

Australia well before any mem-
convicts for political crimes
e quick to follow; the fiery-
lyes and her pack landed in
Sydney Town in anna were horrified at the
callousness with whi Blaze of the Silver Fangs treated
their Fenian Kinfolk, and this inspired them to revolution.
Despite their feud with the Silver Fangs, Australia's Fianna
maintained their traditional rolesas loremasters. This brought
them into contact with the Bunyip, for the Fianna sought to
learn the history of this long-lost Garou tribe. Unfortunately,
they were rebuffed. Resentment against the Bunyip grew in
the Fianna's hearts. Finally, the Fianna, submitting to the

wishes of more outspoken Garou, acquiesced toa Huntagainst
the Bunyip. When the truth became known, the Fianna,

wracked by guilt, swore to Gaia that they would never again
allow popular opinion to sway their decisions.

Since those terrible days, Australia's Fianna have become
self-reliant, determined to be ruled by conscience rather than
instinct. They have also grown more impartial and less judg-
mental. Never again will they be rushed into making a
decision. This habit has led to the mockery of some tribes,
notably the Shadow Lords, who compare the Fianna to the
Children of Gaia in their alleged inability to commit them-
selves to action.

Since the late 1800s, the Fianna and their Kinfolk have
infiltrated numerous Australian political organizations, nota-
bly the Labor Party, in which working-class Irish Catholics
have always been prominent. Over the following years the
Fianna's political clout has come to rival that of their Silver
Fang foes.

Organization

There are 35 Fianna in Australia, notably in their protec-
torates of Gariwerd and the Hunter Valley. The current Righ
of Australia is the Ahroun Fingal Flashing-Claws, who, with
his Council of Song, rules the tribe from the Hunter Valley
Protectorate. Fingal grows old and has not faced a challenge in
over a decade. Younger Fianna have begun to disparage him,
saying that the Fiannaneed amore vigorous leader rather than
a Garou born before the First World War. Nonetheless,
supported by the wisdom of his councilors, Fingal Flashing-
Claws has yet to put a paw wrong.

Other important Fianna in Australia include the lupus
Galliard Colleen Foe-of-Despair, whose stirring songs are said
to lift the deepest Harano; and the homid Philodox Dermot
Millane, a member of the Council of Song, who in his past life
fought in the War of Tears, and whose tales of those dark years
bring tears to the eyes of even the fiercest Ahroun.

Fianna camps are well represented in Australia save for the
Children of Dire, who are completely absent, and the Broth-
ethood of Hern and Grandchildren of Fionn. Fianna drawn to
these latter camps generally make their way to England and
Ireland, the better to serve their passions. Whispering Rovers
make their way blithely about the country andare often closely
linked with Silent Striders (one well-known pack of thiscamp
calls itself simply The Rovers, and plays in major cities as an
Trish folk band). The few Eire Fundamentalists in Australia
can be found in multitribal packs with Red Talons and Get of
Fenris.

The Fianna have never forgiven the Red Talons and Get of
Fenris for their part in the needless destruction of the Bunyip,
and their disdain for the Talons is almost as great as their long-
standing rivalry with the Silver Fangs. The Fianna take every
chance they can to belittle the Silver Fangs, which of late
seems increasingly easy. Because of the tribe's great remorse
over the War of Tears, the Fianna are tolerated by the
Children of Gaia. Australian Fianna are more mature than
their cousins elsewhere, and their relationships with other
tribes are generally excellent. Being less judgmental than in

Chapter Three : People 67

am

aaa aaa c/_

|


: ne oA

previous centuries, the Fianna respect the Uktena for their
compassion for the Aboriginals. They even feel comradeship
for the Shadow Lords, who like themselves despise the Silver
Fangs. A sense of friendly rivalry exists between the Fianna
and the Glass Walkers.

Bartholomew Wise-in-the-Ways-of-
the-Wyrm

Breed: Homid

Nature/Demeanor: Penitent/Maker

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appearance 2
(12/2)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Expression 5, Primal-
Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Rituals 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Past Life 4, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Toxin, Spirit Speech, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Name the Spirit, Glib Tongue; (3) Faerie Kin

Rank: 3

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Binding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of
the Fetish

Fetishes: Any fetish at the Storyteller's discretion, includ-
ing stolen Wyrm fetishes.

Image: Bartholomew, in the Homid form he prefers, isa tall
man of 76, with graying aubum hair and soft gray eyes. He

Bartholomew

68 Rage Across Australia

wears thin-rimmed glasses when reading ortalking tosomeone
he does not know. He is most often dressed in badly fitting
pants of gray or brown, boots, a black dinner jacket and an
Aboriginal liberation T-shirt. In Lupus form, Bartholomew is
a large, red wolf with gray fur around his long muzzle, and alert
ears.

Roleplaying Notes: Although youare an oldman, and your
movements are necessarily slow, you are capable of bursts of
intense energy and enthusiasm. A collector, you hoard both
wisdom and artifacts. You are always fair, rewarding someone
who brings you a useful snippet of information with a glance
through your extensive library or a piece of unfailingly wise
and inevitably obtuse advice.

History: Born in northern Scotland toan Irish mother and
a Welsh father, Bartholomew was the quintessential Celt.
Christened James, he emigrated to Australia when he was 16,
prior to his First Change. After a relatively painless transition
into one of Gaia's warriors, James began a dashing career of
lightning raidson Wyrm-tainted areasand Black Spiral caerns,
retrieving stolen fetishes or imprisoned spirits.

One day James's lust for treasure and glory got the better of
him. Disguising himself as a Black Spiral Dancer, he raided a
Silver Fang caern and recovered a lost Fianna fetish, a set of
silver aeolian pipes that he had suspected were hidden there.
In the process, however, he fought with a young Silver Fang,
Amanda Grace-of-Gaia, and killed her. James died that night,
and Bartholomew was bom. Horrified by the lengths to which
his obsession had driven him, he ceased his active life and
retired to solitude in the Blue Mountains. Despite his guilt,
Bartholomew's passion for recovering that which was lost still
drove him. He swore to make amends for his misdeeds.

Bartholomew's mission is tocatalogue all of the spirits of the
Dreamtime, the better to understand them and gain their
trust. To this end he wanders far in the Umbra, employing
other Garou toscout out all they can about the Bunyip and the
spirits that served them. News of Bartholomew and his quest
has filtered through Garou society over the years, and young
Garou who discover lost fetishes or encounter new spirits
know they will be well rewarded for informing the eccentric
Fianna. His great library, collection of fetishes and extensive
personal knowledge are known to many. None knows of
Bartholomew's past, and James and his deeds, good and ill,
have long since been forgotten by all save Bartholomew
himself.

Fingal Flashing-Claws

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna

Nature/Demeanor: Judge/Director

Physical: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 1 (3/4/4/3)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

TT 1


a A"

Talents: Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expression 4,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 4, Performance 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 3, Past Life 5, Pure Breed 3

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Smell of Man, The
Falling Touch; (2) Howl of the Banshee, True Fear; (3) Silver
Claws, (4) Balor's Gaze; (5) Gift of the Spriggan

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Rank: 5

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: None

Image: In his Homid form (from which he finds it harder
and harder to transform), Fingal is a shaky old man in his 80s,
with balding white hair and wrinkled, parchment-like skin.
His faded blue eyes are watery, and his skin is liver-spotted. His
broad shoulders are now hunched, his once strong muscles
weak. His every movement is difficult, and any exertion sets
him to trembling. His Lupus form is that of a great black wolf,
his fur silvered, bearing many scars.

Roleplaying Notes: You mumble often and frequently
reminisce about "the good old days." Only the mention of the
hated Silver Fangs brings back your alertness of old. Despite
yourage, and the fact that youhaveneverseen Ireland, youstill
speak with a faint accent,

History: Fingal Flashing-Claws was born the youngest son
of a family of working-class Irish Australians in 1910. Despite
the many years between Fingal and his father, the boy was
always treated as somehow special. When he reached puberty,
Fingal discovered why. His father, the renowned Crushes-the-
Wyrm-as-Grapes-beneath-his-Paws, led the newly established
Hunter Valley Protectorate, and Fingal was the only one of his
children to express the Garou gene. Groomed to succeed his
father as Righ, Fingal was instilled with reverence for his tribe,
guilt at the destruction of the Bunyip, and an overwhelming
hatred of the Silver Fangs, who had brought his ancestors to
Australia in chains.

Fingal took his seat on the Jindabyne Council after his
father was slain by Banes in Newcastle before his son's eyes.
Fingal himself barely escaped with his life, and bears the scars
of that encounter even today. Thereafter he fought a constant
battle, political and physical, against both the Wyrm and the
Silver Fangs. Fingal's Past Lives are strong in him, and from
them he learnt firsthand of the Silver Fangs' infamy. He
learned, too, of the death of the Bunyip tribe.

Paralyzed by guilt and wrapped up in the Fianna-Silver Fang
feud, Fingal became less and less effective with the passing
years. Today he is so set in his ways as to be almost helpless,
though he has overseen his tribe's rise to considerable political
power. Recent advances in technology frighten him, and in
such matters he defers to the Glass Walkers, whom he consid-
ers allies against the Silver Fangs. It is partially because of the
Glass Walkers' advice that Fingal has not acted to stop the
spread of industry and technology in his protectorate.

N

Fingal Flashing-Claws

Fingal wishes to die in Ireland, and although he has not yet
appointed a successor, he already makes plans for his funeral
rites. His son, Brendan, an arrogant young Garou, will prob-
ably follow in Fingal's footsteps if declared heir, although
Brendan is less a fighter than a boaster and singer of exagger-
ated tales praising his own glory.

Yo'iiri'n Ni' Dhonaill

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna

Nature/Demeanor: Rebel/Gallant

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 5, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Leadership 2, Performance 2

Knowledges: Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 2, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor Claws, Resist
Toxin; (2) Glib Tongue; (3) Silver Claws

Rank: 3

Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: Despite her homid heritage, No'iri'n vastly prefers
her Lupus form, in which she appears as a dainty wolf with
reddish, white-tipped fur. Her tongue lolls, and her head is

Chapter Three : People 69

OFA Ps EY iieey //,


a
bs

AZ

invariably cocked inquisitively to one side. When in Homid
form, No'iri'n has a permanent grin on her fine-boned face.
Freckles dust her nose and cheeks, and her auburn hair is cut
short and ragged. She has green, dancing eyes. She wears
whateverclothesareathand, from baggy tracksuits toballgowns.

Roleplaying Notes: You are never content with the way
things are and believe there isa better way to achieve any goal.
You think the Fianna are in a rut, and that you are just the
Garou to lead them out, even if you have to drag them by the
ears.

History: No‘iri'n was always a troublemaker. Even when
carried off by the Garou, she did not fit in, questioning
assumptions and beliefs held for millennia. Returning to
human society after her Rite of Passage, No'iri'n discovered
that Melbourne no longer held any attraction for her. Thusshe
set off once more into the country. Today No'iri'n isa member
of the Tower Hill Sept. Unlike most Ahroun, she is not a
mindless killer, although when angered she is a deadly fighter.
Unlike most Fianna, she does not despise the Silver Fangs.
Despite her flamboyance, her roguish, devil-may-care behav-
ior and desire for attention, No'iri'n is a serious candidate for
the Righ of Australia, although as yet none knows it save
herself.

No'iri'n believes that the ongoing feud between her tribe
and the Silver Fangs diverts their Rage from the Wyrm, against
which it should be aimed. She also believes that the Garou
should cease wallowing in griefand self-pity over the genocide
of the Bunyip. Rather than mourn that which is lost, No'iri'n
believes the Garou must make amends for what they have
done. To this end, she argues constantly for Garou support of
Aboriginal land rights and similar issues, in the process earn-
ing the hatred of the Red Talons and Get of Fenris. Energetic
and conscientious, No'iri'n speaks her mind at all Fianna

moots, and slowly begins to gain followers among the youth of
her tribe.

Get of Fenris

Australian Get of Fenris are extremists. A savage and
bloodthirsty tribe, they keep to rural areas. Even so, their
violence against humans is matched only by that of the Red
Talons. The Getof Fenris support the return of the Impergium,
although they have yet to gain suj uch a plan.

The Gevexeriilaye nin ‘Australias where

: ey are renowned for their
which involveaban-

A vocal minority
National

e0-Nazi skinheads; and simi-
Get of Fenris deny any guilt
of Tears; ach rong elal
blinds the tribé
placed sorrow wi
main concern of A reali Get of Fenris is other Garou's
penchant for breeding with dingos, which they perceive as
diluting the purity of their wolf heritage.

History

Although individual Get of Fenris arrived in Australia in
the early 1800s, not until the Gold Rush of the 1850s did the
tribe emigrate in any great numbers. News of humanity's
spread into the previously untamed Australian bush rallied the
Get of Fenris. Under the leadership of Jarl Thorstrom Blood-
Drinker, of the Swords of Heimdall Camp, the Get arrived in
force to take charge of what they perceived as an inadequately
guarded continent. One of the Jar!'s first actions was to stir up
racial dissent on the gold fields, inciting riots that led to
massacres of Chinese miners. The Get also tried to seize
control of numerous Bunyip caerns, but were savagely re-
pelled. Among those killed in such skirmishes was Thorstrom.
His successor, Black Ivan, was instrumental in fanning the
flames of the War of Tears. Even when the dust of battle
cleared, and the Bunyip tribes' innocence was revealed, the
Get of Fenris did not grieve. Even if the Bunyip had not been
of the Wyrm, Black Ivan argued, they could have been, now
orin the future. Better to destroy any potential contagion than
let it spread to other Garou.

Despite their resolve, the Get of Fenris were weakened by
the War of Tears, and their determination not to breed with
dingos decreased the tribe's numbers even further. The harsh
climate also affected their ability to flourish in Australia, as the
Get of Fenris were accustomed to European winters. Regard-
less, the Get of Fenris established themselves in the Barossa
Valley in South Australia, where large numbers of their
Kinfolk still dwell. Despite their disdain for other Garou tribes,
the Get of Fenris took part in the first Jindabyne Council in
1901, thinking it would be a one-shot occurrence. It was the
Gert's belief that their passionate argument for introducing the
Impergium in Australia, whose nativeshad never felt the claws

70 Rage Across Australia

caer cea alae / 1


nnenrenee eres eene

of the Garou and who were brazenly immune to the Delirium,
would sway the assembled councilors. So shocked were the
Get of Fenris when their demands were rebuffed that, dazed,
they promised to take part in every Council meeting thereaf-
ter. This agreement has since been a thorn in the tribe's
collective hide.

Organization

The Get of Fenris number approximately 20 individuals,
led by Jarl Carla Grimsson of the Flinders Protectorate. Other
Get, often those who disagree with the racist views of their
fellows, can be found in multitribal packs throughout Austra-
lia; conversely, young Get of Fenris can also be found leading
skinhead gangs from Perth to Melbourne.

Important Australian Get include Hans Dieter, a seem-
ingly urbane homid Ragabash who leads National Action; the
European-born lupus Theurge Sings-of-War, who seeks to
oust the Jarl, believing that no woman, especially an ape,
should lead the Get of Fenris; and Hrothgar Bloodfang, a gay
homid Ahroun, rejected by his family and his tribe and now
living in Melbourne.

Most Get in Australia belong to either the Mjolnir's
Thunder, Swords of Heimdall, or Glorious Fist of Wotan
camp. Of late the Fangs of Garm have experienced a slow
increase in adherents, mainly among urban youth. Despite the
Red Talons' habit of breeding with dingos, Get of Fenris
consider this tribe their closest ally in Australia, although the
Shadow Lords are also trusted, as they too spurn dingos. The
Get consider Bone Gnawers corrupted by the cities in which
they dwell, but prefer them to the Glass Walkers; at least Bone
Gnawers occasionally make decent warriors. They despise
Children of Gaia and Black Furies as weaklings, and consider
the Fianna cowards for rescinding their judgment against the
Bunyip. Silver Fangs, of course, are already Wyrm-tainted and

should be destroyed, though convincing other tribes of this
will be difficult.

Carla Grimsson

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Martyr

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appearance

3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 4, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 4

Knowledges: Law 3, Science 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Resist Pain, Razor Claws, Scent of
the True Form, Truth of Gaia; (2) Staredown; (3) Disquiet,
Might of Thor; (4) Screarn of Gaia

Rank: 4

Rage 6, Gnosis 3, Willpower 9

Rites: Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, Rite of the
Winter Wolf

Fetishes: Pine Dagger

Image: Carla is a tall woman of obvious Nordic ancestry.
Even among other Get of Fenris, she stands out as a born
leader. Carla has short, platinum-blond hair and ice-blue eyes.
She does not appear arrogant, though certainly confident. Her
intelligence shows in her expression, and she seems to antici-
pate any question asked of her. Carla's Lupus form, which she
proudly displays, is an arctic wolf, pure white, lean and fierce.

Roleplaying Notes: If you are confident in your position,
there is no need to talk loudly — people will listen even if you
whisper. You do not take kindly to being interrupted and will
give the offender a scowl just animal enough to reveal the beast
within. You take every opportunity to demonstrate your
intellectual superiority, sometimes as a teacher, sometimes as
a Critic.

History: Despite her appearance, Carla has been an Aus-
tralian all her life. She was born in rural New South Wales,
though her childhood home is now a suburb of Sydney. Carla
was distressed by the spread of suburbia even before she
discovered her Garou nature. Now, as Jarl of the Get of Fenris
and leader of the Flinders Protectorate, Carla is a determined
campaigner against immigration into Australia. To her dis-
gust, because of her activities, she has been associated with the
few young Get of Fenris who take it upon themselves to lead
skinhead gangs and the neo-Nazi movement. Carla has noth-
ing but contempt for these groups, but, because their aims

Carla Grimsson

Chapter Three : People 71

OLE PS ET Se I riley //,

Seer rere renee core  ren cae arvana re marensnerenrvh)

ne AA

often coincide with hers, she has found herself linked with
them on occasion.

Carla is not a racist and in fact has worked hard to temper
her colleagues' aggression against the Aboriginal people, who
she believes have every right to be in Australia (as muchas any
human can claim that right). What Carla fears is that the
remaining Australian wilderness will be eaten up by housing
as more and more refugees come to Australian shores. For the
moment, Carla, bitterly wearing the mantle of racist, argues
against immigration at the Jindabyne Council, upon which
she s

Glass Walkers

TheGlass Walkersareamongthe most respected werewolves
in Australia, a fact that puzzles and often outrages foreign
Garou. They were the only Garou apart from the Children of
Gaia not to participate in the War of Tears; accordingly, most
tribes hold them in high regard. The Glass Walkers have
exploited this admiration tp increase their powerand position.
A wealthy tribe, they congentfate their activities in board-
rooms and businesses. ing their financial power to
combat Pentex, the Gla ers wield considerable influ-
ence over Australia's

n Vities. Most importantly,
they guide the decisions indabyne Council. Because
their Gifts are largely; ‘eaver-spirits, Glass
Walkers are among Aus' B ost powerful Garou.

History

Australian Gla Volved in the European
ing stifled under the conser-
gs, British Glass Walkers,
ew society on Australia's
experimental urban colony
in harmony with Gaia, one constructed according to the ideals
of their tribe. Unfortunately, the interference of other Garou
tribes, who ridiculed them as naive visionaries and fools,
prevented the fruition of such a glorious dream. Still, as each
new colony was established, Glass Walkers infiltrated the
human population. Soon Lord Steel's utopia was forgotten as
individual Glass Walkers' goals took precedence.

The War of Tears gave the Glass Walkers the opportunity
they sought to increase their power. Kanakis, a newly arrived
Glass Walker and ruthless politician, had previously sought to
contact the Bunyip, but without success. Eventually, the
furious Kanakis tracked down and attacked a member of the
Bunyip tribe. Holding him calmly at arm's length, the Bunyip
told Kanakis that not until the Garou had found the balance
that the Bunyip themselves demonstrated could there be
meaningful communication between their tribes. When news
of Greyflank's death spread among the tribes, Kanakis was firm.
in his convictions that the Bunyip were not responsible for her
death. He made only a tentative attempt to prevent the Hunt
being called, however, for Kanakis perceived that by remain-
ing aloof from any conflict he could better his tribe's position.

72
/ a

When the War of Tears ended, Kanakis and his daughter
Cynan were instrumental in establishing the Jindabyne Coun-
cil.

After the Council's formation, the Glass Walkers formed
the Board, a group of Glass Walker executives. These Glass
Walkers rapidly advanced their tribe's position among the
Garou, disparaging those tribes who had participated in the
genocide of the Bunyip and proclaiming themselves innocent
of any involvement. Likewise, the Board set about increasing
their tribe's influence over humanity. By establishing power
over the Australian economy, the Board believed it would be
able to control the economy's direction and thus the develop-
ment of Australian society. To this end, Glass Walkers began
amassing wealth in order to buy out various corporations. As
Australian business expanded after World War II, so did the
Glass Walkers' power, to the detriment of those among them
involved in organized crime. Even after Children of Gaia
revealed links between several Glass Walker holdings and
Pentex, forcing the tribe to jettison many lucrative assets, the
Glass Walkers remain an influential and powerful tribe.

Organization

There are approximately 40 Glass Walkers in Australia.
Most of them dwell in the cities of the eastern seaboard,
although the tribe also has considerable influence in Perth.
Each of Australia's major cities has itsown Don or Lord. These
influential Glass Walkers compose the Board, meeting to
discuss the future of their tribe. They have a structure similar
toa major corporation, with five-year, two-year and one-year
strategic plans. Their present policies involve increasing the
Glass Walkers' influence and prestige, combating Pentex
financially, determining the extent of the Technocracy's
influence in the Australian business community, and aveng-
ing themselves upon the Children of Gaia. Whetherornotthe
Technomancers are allies or enemies is a point of contention
in the Board's meetings.

Many young Glass Walkers have begun to demand decen-
tralization of the Board's power structure and reassessment of
its policies, which they claim are indistinguishable from those
of any business. Among these younger Glass Walkers are
Dances-with-Cursors, a streetwise homid Philodox whose
anarchic views have angered her Melbourne superiors; the
metis Galliard Sings-through- Wires, a pirate radio D] given to
hijacking programs, exposing a variety of listeners to live
bushland transmissions;and Tuft,ano-nonsense lupus Theurge,
ambitious but patient.

City Farmers and Urban Primitives are on the increase
among Australian Glass Walkers, much to the horror of the
Board, whose members adhere to more traditional camps.
Glass Walkers disdain most tribes, although they consider
Bone Gnawers useful lackeys. Because of both tribes' intensely
political natures, the Glass Walkers work closely with the
Fianna, although they do their best to conceal their goals from
the members of this boisterous tribe. Because the Fianna seek

Rage Across Australia

=


Vi
—

political power, while the Glass Walkers seek economic clout,
they have yet to come to blows; sharing a mutual enemy in the
Silver Fangs furthers their relationship. Most tribes respect the
Glass Walkers for not taking part in the War of Tears,
although if the truth concerning their neutrality were known,
the Glass Walkers' reputation would surely suffer. Red Talons
and Get of Fenris despise Glass Walkers, a loathing that is
enthusiastically returned by the tribe. Many Glass Walkers
also harbor a secret grudge against the Children of Gaia for the
loss of face they suffered in the late 1950s.

Ceeth-of-Titanium

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Nature/Demeanor: Masochist/Alpha

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexteriry 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (7/8/8/6)*

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (3/3/0/0)*, Appear-
ance 1 (0/0/1/1) ,

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

* While in Glabro, Crinos and Higpo forms, Teeth-of-
Titanium gainsadditional Staminabécause of his technological
nature. Furthermore, he is capable of perfect, if mechanical,
human speech in his Glabro and Crinos forms.

Talents: Alertness'3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 5, Primal-Urge 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Melee 3, Repair 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Occult 3, Rituals 3, Science 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Resources 1

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, The Falling Touch,
Heightened Senses, Leap of the Kangaroo; (2) Cybersenses;
(3) Control Complex Machine, Elemental Favor

Rank: 3

Rage 5+, Gnosis 3, Willpower 8

+ Because of his quasi-mechanical nature, Teeth-of-Tita-
nium needs five successes on a Rage roll to frenzy.

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Passage, Rite
of Cleansing, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Wounding

Fetishes: The Technomantic device implanted in him
allows Teeth-of-Titanium to use the Gifts of Control Simple
Machine, Control Complex Machine and Summon Net-
Spider automatically.

Image: In Homid form, Teeth-of-Titanium isa well-dressed
man of middle age. He is fit and trim, his gray hair is slicked
back, his nails are manicured, and his expensive suits are
spotless. Astute observers note a cold gleam in his eyes. Teeth-
of-Titanium's dingo Lupus form is similarly slick, though his
glossy pelt smells faintly of machine oil. In his Crinos form,
which he favors, Teeth-of-Titanium is most startling. The
entire left side of his hulking body is sheathed in metal, with

numerous wires, hydraulic pistons, gears and circuitry ex-
posed. His Hispo and Glabro forms are similarly cybernetic.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a doer, not a thinker, and
prefer to act instead of talk. Your speech is cold and mechani-
cal, and you are capable of perfect speech in your imposing
Crinos form.

History: Teeth-of-Titanium was born Bloody Teeth, aRed
Talon. On a raid against Perth's Technomancers he was
kidnapped by Iteration X for use in a series of experiments.
After months of agony, the hideously disfigured Bloody Teeth
escaped from Autochthonia. The Technomancers had im-
planted a living mechanical entity in his body, and over the
next few months Bloody Teeth was transformed into a cyber-
netic mockery of a Garou. Bloody Teeth returned to his tribe,
but, after almost being slain by them, fled to Perth, where he
was found by the Glass Walkers. Fascinated by his condition,
the Glass Walkers adopted Bloody Teeth, renaming him
Teeth-of-Titanium. Grateful to his new tribe, Teeth-of-Tita-
nium has served the Glass Walkers faithfully and learned to
master his new body. With the passing years he has risen to
become the Lord of Perth, holding a seat on the Glass Walker
Board.

Teeth-of-Titanium's long struggle to master the machine
he has become has left him virtually bereft of emotion. He
finds it difficult to understand the motivations of fleshy
creatures. Because of his lack of emotion, he rarely frenzies.
The technological creature he has become has separated him
from his bestial nature.

Teeth-of-Titanium is a dedicated foe of the Technocracy
and understands them as does no other Garou. His control of
Perth is implacable and remorseless. Teeth-of-Titanium has
no qualms about eliminating those who stand in his way; such
deaths are invariably explained as industrial accidents.

Ceeth-of-Citanium

Chapter Three : People 73

ne


ee AZ

Mariko Ten

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Nature/Demeanor: Traditionalist/Conniver

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/0/0/0), Appearance
3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Melee 3, Leadership 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 1,
Politics 3, Rituals 3, Science 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Control Simple Machine,
Open Seal, Persuasion; (2) Power Surge; (3) Gremlins; (4)
Doppelganger

Rank: 4

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caem, Gathering for the Departed, Voice of the Jackal, Rite
of the Winter Wolf

Fetishes: Loon's Refund, Surge of False Energy

Image: Mariko is a petite Japanese woman in her late 30s.
She wears traditional kimonos and piles her long black hair
atop her head. Her bearing is deceptively demure. In her Lupus
form, which she dislikes, Mariko isa slender, long-legged wolf,
with a delicate, foxlike muzzle and white-tipped paws.

Mariko Cen

74

i  —

Roleplaying Notes: You demand to be called sensei by all
you meet unless they can prove themselves equal. Youattempt
to hide your Ragabash nature behind a traditionalist front.
Everything must be structured and formalized for you to be
comfortable.

History: Mariko Ten came to Australia as a young girl,
accompanying her Japanese parents. Her father, a high-rank-
ing executive with Toyota, had been appointed to oversee
production in a Sydney plant. Renowned for his managerial
skills, he was headhunted by Pentex executives, who quickly
corrupted him. Mariko was on the verge of experiencing her
first transformation, and only through luck did the Sydney
Glass Walkers abduct her before her father and his new
business associates arrived home to introduce her to their
superiors. To this day Mariko bears a special hatred for Pentex
and its pet Black Spiral Dancers. Mariko's father still pursues
her, although her position and power have thusfarallowed her
to avoid his clutches.

Clever, efficient and determined, Mariko soon mastered
the intricacies of Garou society and swiftly ascended the rungs
of the Glass Walker ladder. She isnow the Glass Walker Lord
of Sydney and has many contacts among the Yakuza and
Japanese business communities. Mother Pasta, the Bone
Gnawer leader of Sydney's Rocks Sept, is another of Mariko's
allies.

Mariko demands absolute respect from all her pack and has
been known to order the execution of those who transgress her
rules. She is obsessive and pursues her enemies fanatically.
Unknown to most Glass Walkers, Mariko has a pathological
fear of transforming out of her Homid form. She despises the
wildness of the Beast inside her and triesher utmost to suppress
herGarou nature. Mariko rarely loses control of her Rage. She
is never without a briefcase and portable phone, and plays
compact discs at moots, considering the more traditional
howling and drumming unbearably primitive.

Don Mephisto

Position: Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Nature/Demeanor: Reveler/Traditionalist

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Performance 2, Leadership 3

Knowledges: Politics 3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Resources 4

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machine, Persuasion, Scent of
the True Form, Smell of Man; (2) Strength of Purpose; (3)
Control Complex Machine; (4) Roll Over

Rage Across Australia

enemies


Don Mephisto

Rank: 4

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Talisman
Dedication, Rite of Ostracism

Fetishes: None

Image: Don Mephisto is a plump, florid gentleman, fond of
voluble insults in Italian, his native tongue. His expensive
suits are invariably stained with pasta and are far too small for
his considerable girth. He has a neat goatee and wears his long
black hair in a ponytail. His thick fingers are adorned with
countless gold rings. In Lupus form, he is a barrel-bellied,
waddling wolf with exceptionally large ears and tousled fur.

Roleplaying Notes: You try to be the epitome of the urbane
sophisticate, but your passionate nature always comes between
you and that goal. You are prone to expansive gestures and

apid-fire monologues. Your Rage bleeds off in these
harmless displays of energy, andso you very seldom frenzy. You
adore technological trinkets, but regularly misplace or break
them.

History: Don Mephisto was born in Italy, in the Abruzzi
Mountains, where he ran with a wild wolf pack. Eventually
returning to human society, Mephisto took up a position
within the Italian Glass Walkers, gaining extensive Mafia
contacts in the process. Mephisto was appointed to his current
position upon the death of the previous Don of Melbourne. He
embraced his new responsibilities with gusto, becoming a
much-liked and well-respected member of Australia's Garou
community. Ironically, the werewolves who find him the most
distasteful are his own Glass Walkers.

Nonetheless, the Don's seat on the Jindabyne Council is
currently safe from any challenge. Don Mephisto is a shrewd
political operator and skillfully furthers the aims of the Glass
Walkers. He is also one of the few Glass Walkers earthy
enough not to offend Garou of other tribes. While his flamboy-

ance is no affectation, he is aware of his reputation asa buffoon
and exploits it. Don Mephisto is troubled by Mariko's connec-
tions with the Yakuza, butisconfident that his extensive Mafia
influences will be more than enough to protect the Glass
Walkers' traditional power base. He wishes to erode the
traditional anti-Glass Walker prejudices harbored by Red
Talons and Get of Fenris, and has had some small success in
this endeavor.

Red Talons

Australia's Red Talons are composed entirely of dingo
stock. Because of the tribe's access to numerous dingo packs,
Red Talons are much stronger and more populous here than
on other continents. Since their arrival in the early days of
Australian settlement, the Red Talons have dwelt in the
outback, as far as possible from human settlement.

To the Red Talons, action is everything. They are fanatic
defenders of the wilderness, and ruthlessly savage. Their
hatred of the Wyrm and humanity knewsifip bounds. Unlike

Mophave an over-
Mcounter them.
ither tribe and

f war.

The first Red,

t Kings who had urged for the
Impergium to nd who had been exiled to Australia
to remove their infléience from the tribe. In Australia, having
recovered from the torment of their journey, the Red Talons
made straight for the outback, where they began to breed with
the region's dingos.

Soon after their arrival, the Red Talons encountered the
Bunyip, whodid their best to drive them back to the coast with
bushfires and other magics. The very Dreamtime turned
against the Red Talons; any excursion into the Penumbra
beyond the thinly settled coast became a nightmare. Anger
against the Bunyip grew in the Talons' hearts. Who were
these strange Garou to prevent the Red Talons from roam-
ing the wilderness and the spirit world, which were their
birthrights? Decades passed, and the Red Talons' Rage
grew. With Rage came resolve. Despite the best efforts of
the Bunyip, the Red Talons pushed deeper into the outback.
Bravest among the Talons was Wyrmbaiter, who led his
pack as far west as the Tanami Desert. Wyrmbaiter had a
special hatred for the Bunyip, and it was his Rage that the
Black Spiral Dancers exploited to ensure the Bunyip tribe's
complete destruction.

The Red Talons instigated and led the War of Tears, and
even when the truth became known, the Red Talons admitted
no guilt. The fact that other Garou blamed them for the
genocide of the Bunyip maddened them, forin the Red Talons'
eyes the Bunyip were not innocent. Had they not sought to
stop the Red Talons from claiming what was rightfully theirs?
Since the War of Tears, the Red Talons have shunned other

Chapter Three : People 75


Seer rare een cre recA arr amr NPL rem musrwrensmvearensh)

Garou out of a sense of anger and betrayal, while other tribes
shun the Red Talons out of shame.

Having successfully united the tribes to destroy one enemy,
Australia's Red Talons now urge all-out war upon humanity.
It was with this aim in mind, and for no other reason, that the
Red Talons agreed toa seat upon the Jindabyne Council. The
theme of humanity's destruction is one the Red Talons repeat
again and again, much to the irritation of the remaining
members of the Jindabyne Council, who have their own
proposals and ideas to carry out.

Organization

Australia is home to some 45 Red Talons. Their numbers
are divided among the protectorates of Pilbara, Tanami,
Mount Isa and Cape York. Rivalry is strong among the leaders
of the separate protectorates; each attempts to defeat the
others in combat whenever they meet. At present the stron-
gest Red Talon is Mamu, who leads the Pilbara Protectorate.
Having defeated his rivals — Kirijunu of Tanami, Wantibirri
of Mount Isa, and Marindi of Cape York — Mamu holds the
Red Talon seat upon the Jindabyne Council. The rivalry
among the Red Talon leaders amuses most Garou, for regard-
less of which Talon sits on the Council, the tribe's agenda
remains the same — total war against humanity.

Competition among protectorate leaders notwithstanding,
Australian Red Talonsarea tightly knit tribe. The Red Talons'
pro-lupus philosophies and shared stigma from the War of
Tears bind the Red Talons strongly to each other. However,
because of their dingo heritage, pack hierarchy is not so rigidly
stratified. Dingoes tend to be solitary hunters.

Red Talons of note include Nose-to-the-Wind, an eager
young Ragabash, said to be almost as mad as a Black Spiral
Dancer, whose elaborate pranks have angered many of his
elders while earning him the respect of his peers; Snarls-at-
Thunder, a ferocious Ahroun with an insatiable hatred of the
Uktena; and the sly and ambitious Galliard Teeth-Scrape-
Bone, who has met more than once with a strange Garou who
promises to make him leader of the Tanami Protectorate.

Australian Red Talons have always been drawn toward the
Predator Kings camp. Many so-called "Aboriginal" attacks
upon settlers have been committed by Red Talons, and it is
only with difficulty that the Garou have maintained the Veil
in light of the Red Talons' frequent excesses. Members of the
Anti-Extinction faction have arisen among the Red Talons
since the 1960s, although their words carry little weight. The
Red Talons despise all tribes save the Get of Fenris, with whom
they are united by their hate of the manipulative Uktena,
although their dingo heritage is a bone of contention with the
traditionalist Get. Some members of the tribe respect Silent
Striders, who like themselves face the harsh conditions of the
outback unflinchingly, although this is not a common atti-
tude.

Dingo Pure Breeding

No Red Talon of dingo heritage can have a Pure Breed
rating over 3. While the Red Talons breed strictly with pure,
wild dingos (never with half-dog breed dingos), it is still not
close enough to the wolf for pure breeding.

Mamu

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Red Talons

Nature/Demeanor: Bravo/Alpha

Physical: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 3 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0), Appearance
2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 5, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 4, Past Life 3

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Inspiration, Leap of the
Kangaroo, Scent of Running Water; (2) Sense of the Prey,
Sense the Unnatural; (3) Trackless Waste, True Fear; (4)
Stoking Fury's Furnace; (5) Song of the Great Beast

Rank: 5

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism

Fetishes: None 3

Image: Mamualmost never assumes Homid form, despising
it as weak and helpless. On the rare occasions he appears in
Homid, he has the appearance of a shaggy-haired, sullen
Aboriginal giant, standing well over six feet. His build is solid
and rippling with muscle; his skin is a glossy black. In Lupus
form, Mamu is a calf-sized dingo. His jet-black hair is shot
through with red highlights. In Hispo, Mamu is the size of a
Shetland Pony, a monstrous, terrifying beast. His red-rimmed
eyes mark him as a dangerous predator regardless of his form,
while the scars that cover his hide reveal him to bea fierce and
successful fighter.

Roleplaying Notes: Rarely speak, only grunt and snarl.
When you must speak, your voice is hoarse and guttural. Stare
down all who would threaten you, or tear out their throats.

History: For the first two years of his life Mamu ran with his
dingo pack, always fighting with his fellows, more from battle-
lust than a desire to defeat them. As he grew, none could
withstand him except the pack leader, who soon became
Mamu's hated enemy. Month after month Mamu tried to best
him, but never won. When his Change approached, only the
pack leader sensed the difference in Mamu, but he united the
pack to drive Mamu out.

76 Rage Across Australia

lL ————_——

ea ae 7


Alone in the desert, among the spinifex and red sand,
Mamu knew fear for the first time in his life. He heard voices
in the wind and saw shadows flickering across the ground with
nothing to cast them. Unknown to Mamu, he was seeing the
spirit world for the first time, as the power within his genes
began to express itself. With the rising of the moon, Mamu
howled in agony as his body began to stretch and change. In
terror he ran back to the pack that had exiled him. The pack
leader snarled as Mamu returned, and an irresistible, bloody
tide of Rage flooded the young Garou's mind. In seconds
Mamu stood on his hind legs in Crinos form, the tattered body
of the elder dingo hanging from his jaws. No longer did Mamu
have a rival. He led the dingo pack for another year before
encountering other Red Talons. Although he left his pack for
his new tribe, in times of need Mamu can still call upon them
and their descendants, and the dingos will heed his com-
mands.

Mamunow leads the Red Talons of the Pilbara Protectorate
and sits upon the Jindabyne Council. He won this latter
position by besting his rivals, the leaders of the three other Red
Talon protectorates. He is without doubt the largest and
strongest Red Talon in Australia, although his strength is of no
avail where the council is concerned. More than once Mamu
has had to restrain himself from tearing out the throats of his
fellow council members, who bewilder him with their webs of
words. Mamu is a fighter, not a thinker.

He is no fool, however, and is slowly learning to think as his
rivals do. It will be many years yet before he is as clever an
intriguer as his council opponents, but the skills he has learned
from the council only serve to strength Mamu's position as
leader of the Red Talons. Joining the Jindabyne Council has
also forged an alliance between Mamu and the Get of Fenris
of the Flinders Protectorate, especially with their leader,
Carla, with whom Mamuhas muchin common. The two often
unite against Tjinderi Knowing-Smile of the Uktena; Tjinderi's

protectorate borders Mamu's, and its Uktena guardians have
more than once attacked those Red Talons who dared cross
the boundary into the Kimberley.

Rage-in-the-Streets

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Red Talons

Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Masochist

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina | (3/4/4/3)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appearance
1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-
Urge 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 1, Medicine 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Pure Breed 3

Gifts: (1) The Falling Touch, Heightened Senses, Scent of
Running Water; (2) Scent of Sight

Rank: 2

Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 4

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: Although he despises the Homid form, Rage-in-
the-Streets is forced to wear it often. He appears as a gaunt,
unshaven man in his early 20s, with bloodshot, brooding eyes
and lank, unkempt hair. His cheeks are hollow and his
complexion is poor. He wears a stained overcoat and goes
barefoot. His Lupus form is that of a mangy dingo, encrusted
with open sores.

Roleplaying Notes: You are addicted to the city you
inhabit and the drugs you sell. You are subject to rapid mood
swings and have been known to cry and howl in the midst of
conversations. You talk to yourself and are the kind of person
no one wants to sit next toon the train. You are often unaware
of your current form and have difficulty maintaining concen-
tration for any length of time.

History: As a dingo pup Rage-in-the-Streets went by the
name Outruns-the-Elders. He lived in the Cape York Protec-
torate with his mother's pack, which was shot by dingo
hunters. He never forgot the helplessness he felt over his
mother's death. He was found by patrolling Red Talons, who
guided him through his Rite of Passage, nurturing his growing
hate for humans. A promising young Garou, Outruns-the-
Elders traveled to Brisbane with the aim of killing as many
people as savagely as possible.

On his first night in Brisbane, however, Outruns-the-
Elders was noticed by the city's Sabbat vampires, who
immediately saw the potential for amusement in the young
Lupine. Luring him into a trap with their Protean Disci-
pline, the Leeches injected Outruns-the-Elders with a
massive dose of heroin. To their surprise, Outruns-the-

Chapter Three : People 77

Y atria inion //,


reets

Sere eee eran ema are ie arr er na rem wremmrensreh

Elders survived the attack, but soon found himself addicted
to the drug. Through his introduction to heroin, Outruns-
the-Elders conceived of a new way to destroy the humans,
by exploiting their own weaknesses. Renaming himself
Rage-in-the-Streets, he learned all he could about drugs
and their deadly possibilities. Rage-in-the-Streets now
manufactures and distributes large quantities of illicit drugs

throughout Brisbane. Rage-in-the-Streets is still observed
by the Sabbat, and is their unwitting tool in a campaign to
corrupt the structure of Brisbane society.

Shadow Lords

The Shadow Lords have maintained a strongpresence in
Australia since World War II, although individual mem-
bers of their tribe were active in the country before that
time. Unaffected by the War of Tears, the Shadow Lords

ategies to com
for the ion grasp, as has the
prestige Walkers by other

Garou. Bewildered by the changesamong Australian Garou,

the Shadow Lords cling tenaciously to their own traditions.

History

The first Shadow Lord to arrive in Australia was Boris
Ivanovich Kuschena, an arrogant young Garou appointed to
determine the suitability of Australia as a home for his tribe.
The Shadow Lords of Europe were concerned that the Silver

Fangs might gain an advantage by colonizing Australia, and
thus Kuschena was sent to assess the situation. He arrived in
1826, during a hot, dry summer. The smoke of bushfires hung
in the air (though it was not heavy enough to blanket the
burning rays of the sun), and flies swarmed in profusion.
Kuschena returned to the cool pine forests of Europe as soon
as he was able. In his report, Australia was dismissed as an arid
hell unworthy of colonization by the noble Shadow Lords; it
was truly all the Silver Fangs deserved.

Despite Kuschena's views of Australia, a handful of rogue
Shadow Lords did emigrate to the colony, making their homes
in the Blue Mountains. They were exiles from Europe, more
treacherous and ambitious than even the Shadow Lords could
stomach. In Australia they hoped to establish themselves as
kings, free from the rivalry and interference of their elders.
They fell to infighting, and within months most of them were
dead. This process of natural selection established Tepes
Godkin, born in the Carpathian Mountains of Central Eu-
rope, as the mightiest of the surviving Australian Shadow
Lords. His reputation as a merciless killer soon became com-
mon knowledge among Australian Garou, and Tepes was
sought out by members of other tribes, Red Talons and Get of
Fenris among them, for aid in their battles. When the War of
Tears began, Tepes wasone of the first Garou to call fora Hunt,
and one of the first to die.

Shadow Lords arrived in Australia in strength after World
War Il, accompanying their dispossessed Kinfolk, whose lands
had been ravaged. Although Australia was not the arid land
they expected, its climate still proved disheartening to a tribe
accustomed to Europe's high mountains and fierce winters. Of
all the Australian states, Tasmania most resembled the land
they had left behind, and they usurped the island from the
Black Furies. Today Tasmania is a Shadow Lotd stronghold.
Here the tribe's rule is absolute. Few dare cross Bass Strait
without the permission of the tribe, and more than one
inquisitive Garou has been slain by the Shadow Lords for
intruding upon their domain.

Organization

There are approximately 20 Shadow Lords in Australia.
Although most dwell in the Tasmanian Protectorate, one or
twosolitary exiles prowl the alpine plains of the Great Divide.
The leader of the Tasmanian Protectorate, king of Australian
Shadow Lords, is Vlad Volaschky.

Other Shadow Lords of note include the homid Galliard
Alexandyr Petravich Kropotkin, anarchist and outcast; and
Snarls-at-Shadows, a lupus Ahroun engaged in driving cattle
away from the alpine country of the southern mainland.

Australian Shadow Lords are, if anything, more conserva-
tive and heedful of tradition than members of their tribe
elsewhere. Having emigrated in the 1950s, many reflect the
attitudes held by their Kinfolk from those times. Young
Australian Shadow Lords who visit overseas return complain-
ing that they have less freedom than their foreign cousins.

78 Rage Across Australia

A -——

SS A


~

—

Australian Shadow Lords rarely follow any camp, preferring
to save their allegiance for their king. Shadow Lords refuse to
mate with dingos and despise those who do. They maintain a
wolf pack near Cradle Mountain in Tasmania; they also send
their young overseas in search of appropriate mates. Shadow
Lords disdain Bone Gnawers and despise Glass Walkers. They
do not comprehend that their traditional rivals, the Silver
Fangs, are no longer dominant, and believe the prominence of
the Glass Walkers to be some intricate Silver Fang plot.
Shadow Lords consider Black Furies and Children of Gaia to
be mewling milksops, and distrust the Fianna for their promi-
nence in politics, although some Shadow Lords call for the
Irish Garou to be used as tools against Silver Fangs and Glass

Walkers alike.

Dlad Dolaschky

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Nature/Demeanor: Competitor/Alpha

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Demolitions 3, Firearms 4, Melee 3,
Leadership 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Politics 4, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, The Falling Touch, Fatal
Flaw, Persuasion; (2) Staredown; (3) Icy Chill of Despair; (4)
Strength of the Dominator

Rank: 4

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Passage, Baptism of Fire, Stone of
Scorn, Rite of Ostracism

Fetishes: Grand Klaive, Tongue of the Leech

Image: When in Homid form, Vlad is ashort, compact man
in his late 50s. His hair is iron-gray, his face is weathered and
lined, and his deep-set eyes burn beneath solid, bushy eye-
brows that join above his broken nose. In Lupus form, Vlad is
ahulking, muscular wolf, making up in strength what he lacks
in size. His fur is thick and gray, with a silver streak running
from his nose to his proudly erect tail.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a brutal and unforgiving ruler.
You accept no mistakes and demand unquestioning loyalty.
You do not hesitate to resort to violence and always appear
confident. You allow no rivals, killing any who appear a threat.
Your Slavic accent is thick, and your voice is deep and
growling.

History: Vlad Volaschky was born in a small village in
Romania. He learned early of his Garou heritage, from his
grandfather, whom he later killed in order to gain control of
the old man's pack. From such a beginning, Vlad waded
through blood to gain the power he now wields. Forced to flee
Europe by the invading armies of Nazi Germany, the young
Volaschky carried a hate of the Get of Fenris with him across
the sea.

Discovering Australia's Shadow Lords to be directionless
and disorganized, Vlad shaped them into a powerful tribe
through a combination of violence and willpower. A stranger
in a strange land, he clung to the traditions and history of his
European heritage, enforcing them upon increasingly rebel-
lious generations of Shadow Lords. Vlad considers himself and
his tribe European, although he faces dissent from younger
Shadow Lords who have come to see themselves as Australian.
By maintaining his tribe's isolation from other Garou, Vlad
hopes to inhibit such tendencies. Although it is an impossible
battle, Vlad refuses to admit the possibility of failure.

Vlad is feared by many Garou, and loathed by most. His
appearances at the Jindabyne Council are punctuated by
outbursts against the weak Garou of Australia and theirradical
inclinations. Vlad is rumored to be training a powerful pack in
order to stage a coup to gain absolute control of the council,
although most believe this to be paranoid fancy. He has
been linked to the conflict in the former republic of
Yugoslavia, and maintains involvement in European
Shadow Lord politics. This prevents him from fully apply-
ing his ferocious intellect to Australian affairs. Vlad travels
to Europe regularly and is often absent from Jindabyne
Council meetings. He conducts Rites of Passage for new
Shadow Lords in Europe, as he believes Australia is an unfit
proving ground for his noble tribe.

Vlad Dolaschky |

Chapter Three : People 79

Gael 2? see tie /,


Sern sree einer rane: eur eLearn rend

wh SAA
Silent Striders

Devastated by their involvement in the tragic War of

Tear: ja's Silent Stri ave withdrawn from
Gai i federation
ki tely,
cong! ir for the Gran k

Australia, where they stage a free festival. In the process
they exchange information and tell tales among them-
selves.

Of all Australian Garou, the Silent Striders have the
most extensive knowledge of the Dreamtime and the Umbra:
The Silent Striders hope the application of this knowledge
may help them atone for their past, perhaps even allowing
them to find surviving Bunyip should any still walk the
Dreamtime.

History

The first Silent Striders in Australia arrived in the early
1800s, well after European Garou had established them-
selves. These early arrivals, members of the Wayfarers
camp, roamed the continent as a single pack. These Silent
Striders were responsible for many of the early European
explorations of Australia, often cooperating with the Bone
Gnawers in their quest for knowledge. Their reconnais-
sance efforts were often frustrated by hostile Dreamtime
spirits, a dangerous Penumbra and the elusive Bunyip.
Eventually the Striders ceased their wanderings to settle in
the newly formed Stargazer protectorate of Eungella. It was
because of these experiences that many Silent Striders
participated in the War of Tears.

Between 1830 and the late 1850s, more Silent Striders
arrived 4s independent immigrants. The majority of these
later arrivals were Harbingers who hoped to gain knowl-
edge from the mysterious Bunyip. The Bunyip, however,
were uninterested in dialogue with the invading Garou.
During the 1880s a Silent Strider called Khufu, a Harbin-
ger, began the first successful negotiations with the Bunyip.
Itwas then that the War of Tears began. Khufuand his pack
joined forces with the Bunyip in defense of the Dreamtime,
but, like the Bunyip, were slain. Tensions between Harbin-
gers and Wayfarers still exist today.

During the 1920s the Silent Striders began to form small
packs of traveling performers. These groups were collec-
tively named the Strider Circus by other tribes. Not all
Silent Striders joined such packs; many continued their
solitary wanderings. The major tasks of the Strider Circus
are the preservation and collation of Dreamtime stories,
and the retelling of those stories to new listeners through-
out the land.

Organization

There are 15 Silent Striders in Australia. The majority
of them travel with various groups of the Strider Circus.
The packs of the Strider Circus include the Gampila

80
i ————

Aboriginal Dance Company, the acrobats of Circus Aus-
tralia, and the Tchingal Indigenous Music Collective (this
last comprises both Garou and Kinfolk). Although most
Garou know of the existence of the Strider Circus, humans
are generally unaware of the connections among its various
bodies. The Circus performs for isolated Garou packs,
retelling stories of the Dreamtime and reminding them of
the tragedy of the War of Tears, so that the Garou will never
forget the horror perpetrated by their pride. The Strider
Circus is often the only way lone Garou, or far-flung packs,
hear of the decisions of the Jindabyne Council.

Silent Striders shun other tribes and never accept other
Garou into the Strider Circus. They may allow Stargazers,
Black Furies or Bone Gnawers to travel with them for a
short time, but grow uncomfortable if the visitors remain
fora prolonged duration. Silent Striders hold Glass Walk-
ers in high esteem. They find the Silver Fangs too officious
and manipulative, and are irritated by the holier-than-thou
attitude of the Children of Gaia.

Grek Twice-Tongue

Position: Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Silent Striders

Nature/Demeanor: Visionary/Judge

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4

Skills: Empathy 4, Expression 5, Primal-Urge 3, Perfor-
mance 5, Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Kinfolk 3

Gifts: (1) Mother's Touch, Sense Wyrm, Speed of
Thought, Spirit Speech; (2) Curse of Hatred; (3) Adapta-
tion; (4) Shadows by the Fire Light

Rank: 4

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Metis Disfigurement: Albino

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot
Rite, Rite of Summoning, Voice of the Jackal, Rite of the
Totem, Rite of the Opened Bridge.

Fetishes: Didgeridoo of the Past (Level 2, Gnosis 6. This
didgeridoo is made from ghost gum and heavily patterned
in ochres and carvings. When this instrument is played, all
who hearit have visions of the stories that are being danced
or sung to them.)

Image: In his Homid form, Grek appears as an albino
Aboriginal man of middle age. He is bald and usually wears
ashapeless hat and dark glasses to protect him from the sun.

Rage Across Australia

any


Grek Twice-T Gnas

His clothes are invariably dusty and threadbare. In Lupus
form, Grek is a hairless, albino dingo. When performing
before Garou he takes the Crinos form, naked and adorned
with bodypaint and feathers.

Roleplaying Notes: You are enigmatic and slightly
cantankerous. You think of yourselfas a teacher and behave
like one. You are judgmental and do not suffer fools gladly.
You are also a performer of great caliber and are aware of
your power to sway others through words and music.

History: Grek Twice-Tongue was born the only child of
a Silent Strider and a Stargazer who traveled with the
Gampila Aboriginal Dance Company for one week — long
enough to conceive the albino boy. Deemed to be a Silent
Strider, Grek grew up as a circus child. Always a performer,
Grek was thrust onto the stage at a young age. His life was
controlled by his mother, Warratah Utemara, until her
untimely death on Grek's 18th birthday. Grek is univer-
sally respected for his prodigious storytelling powers. Because
of his metis status, he is avoided by Garou who are not
Silent Striders.

Grek Twice-Tongue was chosen 12 years ago as the
Silent Strider representative upon the Jindabyne Council
— not by vote, as is traditional, but by the spirits of the
Dreamtime. When the Striders were gathered for the Great
Circus, voices crying Grek's name were heard in the wilder-
ness, and every Theurge present dreamed of Twice-Tongue's
destiny. It has been foretold that Grek will be responsible
for freeing the tribes from their guilt, although none knows
when and how this will occur.

Silver Fangs

Although they are the nobles of Garou society, Silver
Fangs are little liked by Australian paces indeed, they are

origin, who
assistance of
compatriots, i
ing. They refus& to marry outside off
Australian gentry or to mate with dingos. Unle:
receive a dramatic infusion of new blood, Austral
Fangs are doomed.

History

Earl Blaze of Uffington was the first Silver Fang to set
foot on Australian soil. Earl Blaze was a landless son of an
English lord. Rather than remain in England, without hope
of wealth or lands, Blaze and his peers chose to make the
journey to Australia, not only to oversee the fledgling
colony but to rule it. Blaze was a fierce imperialist. Other
Garou, especially Fianna, quickly developed an intense
hatred of Blaze and his court. Eventually, Earl Blaze was
killed by Fianna in the Castle Hill uprising.

Blaze's replacement, King Greymane Sleekfur, was equally
arrogant. Greymane did nothing to stop the slaughter of
Aboriginals by settlers, for he was too busy consolidating
his rule over the Garou to be interested in the fate of a few
indigenous humans. Expansion into the Australian envi-
ronment by settlers and pastoralists, however, received
King Greymane's enthusiastic support. To Greymane's
European eyes, accustomed to soft hills and green fields, the
Australian landscape was a barren, deformed wasteland. It
was for this reason that the Squattocracy was allowed to
spread unchecked, devastating the wilderness in an at-
tempt to recreate the English countryside.

eir foreign
s of inbreed-

Jeremy Fur-Crown Winthrop, Greymane's successor,
saw the War of Tears asachance to resurrect the glory of his
tribe. When it was revealed that the Garou had been cruelly
used by the Black Spiral Dancers, King Fur-Crown commit-
ted suicide. With him died the hopes of the Silver Fangs. By
the time the Jindabyne Council was formed, allegedly as a
means for the Silver Fangs to lead Australia's Garou once
more, the Silver Fang tribe retained but a shadow of its
former glory.

Organization

Australia is home to approximately 35 Silver Fangs, the i
majority of whom reside in the protectorates of Gippsland,
Riverina, Wadbilliga, and Western Plains. These protec-
torates are among the oldest settled parts of Australia, and
as such have always been close to the Silver Fangs' hearts.
Younger Silver Fangs, less concerned with their traditional
ways, sometimes leave the protectorates to dwell in cities,
or, more rarely, to form multitribal packs with other Garou.

Chapter Three : People 81
Of DETTE, Ps CTA Bs SEY,


Noteworthy Silver Fangs include the metis Ragabash
Michelle Leaps-beyond-the-Reach-of-the- Wyrm, the current
Seneschal, who seems to have only the best interests of her
tribe in mind, but who secretly lusts after the throne; Phillip
Battenburg, homid Galliard and leader of the Riverina Sept,
who strongly advocates Garou equality and as such is a pariah
among the Silver Fangs; and Chases Cars, a lupus Ahroun,
inbred and insane, who lives in Adelaide and believes that
automobiles are sentient minions of the Wyrm. The Silver
Fang court of King Darius Winchester, based in Wadcbilliga, is
described in Chapter Six: Encounters.

The Silver Fangs are vocal in their contempt for Bone
Gnawers and are dismayed by the other tribes' acceptance of
these lowly Garou. They believe the Uktena are untrustwor-
thy and devious foreigners, and are blissfully unaware of the
power of the Glass Walkers, whom they believe to be naive
tinkerers unconcerned with temporal power. Other tribes they
exploit, ignore or giggle at. Australian Silver Fangs are politi-
cally inept puppets of the Glass Walkers, although they remain
unaware of this salient fact.

Marius Winchester

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Silver Fangs

Nature/Demeanor: Idealist/Maker

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appearance 2
(1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Intimidation 3,
Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Leadership 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Occult 3, Politics 3,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Past Life 3, Pure Breed 4

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Lambent Flame, Persuasion, Razor
Claws; (2) Awe, Luna's Armor (3) Silver Claws; (4) Mastery;
(5) Paws of the Newborn Cub, Part the Veil

Rank: 5

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Moot Rite, Rite of Talisman
Dedication, Rite of Passage.

Fetishes: Grand Klaive

Image: In his Homid form Darius isa tall, slender man, with
a pronounced lack of chin anda stutter. Although only 30, he
is already balding, which concerns him unduly. He dresses in
expensive, tailor-made suits and is never seen withouta tie. He
chain-smokes and is fond of lavish gestures, such as tossing
handfuls of money at street urchins. In Lupus form, Darius is
an inelegant, scrawny wolf. His fur continually falls out in
clumps. Despite his regal bearing he seems vaguely foolish.

Darius Winchester

Roleplaying Notes: You are nearly always polite, dealing
with all others as if they are your equals, although you know
that they are not. At times, however, you are extremely
condescending. Your voice is cultured, your vowels rounded,
and your language refined despite your stutter.

History: Darius comes from an established Australian
family of Silver Fang Kinfolk. He was raised on tales of his
ancestors' deeds and spent much of his time immersed in
books. The past was more real to him than the modern world,
and so it came as little surprise to Darius when he discovered
his Silver Fang heritage. Now, he knew, he was capable of the
sort of heroic deeds that had long captured his fancy. For 10
years Darius served his uncle, the king of the Silver Fangs.
When the king died, Darius was declared his heir and crowned
King of Australia.

Saddened by the depths to which his tribe has fallen, and
aware of the guilt that plagues Australia's Garou, Darius has
conceived a plan whereby he may raise one and remove the
other. By locating the lost Bunyip, Darius believes he can
restore his tribe to glory. To this end, he encourages the other
tribes in their separate quests: the Silent Striders with their
collection of Bunyip lore, the Black Furies with their guardian-
ship of the Dreamtime, even Cernonous of the Children of
Gaia, who has entrusted Darius with the secret of his genetic
research. Many Silver Fangs, and most other Garou, believe
that Darius's vision is the product of some particularly unique
madness. These Garou oppose his actions. Because of Darius
and his noble quest, however, a few Silver Fangs are beginning
to regain pride in themselves and their long-dishonored tribe.

82 Rage Across Australia

YR PST nas

|
|


AZ
Stargazers

Australia's Stargazers teeter on the edge of Harano and
wander their melancholy pathsalone. They believe the Bunyip
tribe and their wisdom were all that could have saved the
Garou, and Gaia, from the Apocalypse. By slaying the Bunyip,
the Garou have doomed thengselves and their world to abso-

lute destruction.
hayé led some Australian
lor@ than,ene Stargazer has
ick Spiral Dancers.

Dark words and heavy hi

Stargazers toward tha W'
ye Town in 1790. The
of le untouched by

joined the unclean rans of

History N
Lather Coes gualbs
Australian soil' fed

frofiyghe Aboriginals and the

ip disdained to speak

Stargazers, reveling
the Impergium,

oncern the Stargazers. They

nyip would understand that

tely, the violence perpetrated

td

with invaders, this' did not
reasoned that, given time, thi
they meantno harm. Unfor
the Bunyip's hearts, and no words ever passed between them
and the Stargazers.

The Stargazers argued against the War of Tears, claiming
that if any were tainted by the Wyrm, it was the Garou
themselves, who bore the burden of Rage. However, when
they failed to prevent the bloodshed, the Stargazers decided
not to be sundered from their kin. Believing that this was the
first battle of the Apocalypse, when all Garou would perish,
the Stargazers fatalistically joined the fray, battling against the
Bunyip.

When the Warended, it was clear to the Stargazers that this
was not the Apocalypse. The realization that they were wrong,
and that, unlike the Impergium, this horror was something
they themselves had wrought, drove the Stargazers toward
Harano. Since then, the tribe has divorced itself from the
Garou, retreating to its protectorate and rarely stepping be-
yond its borders. The Stargazers have grown lax in their
protection, and some among them have even joined forces
with the Wyrm.

Organization

There are few Stargazers worldwide, and even fewer in
Australia. Nomore than six Stargazers make their home in the
Eungella Protectorate, and the majority of them are old and
withdrawn. Their moots are rare and consist solely of Rites of
Mourning.

Amongtheirnumberare the suicidal lupus Ahroun Chisolm
There-is-no-Hope, who searches for the ultimate meaningless
death; and the Galliard metis Indira Songs-of-Sorrow, whose
mournful wailing is tuneless and depressing.

Needless to say, the other tribes consider the Stargazers
unworthy of the name Garou. The Children of Gaia seek to

am

Chapter Three : People 83

aa ame

raise them from their despair, but succeed only in compound-
ing their sorrow. The Red Talons advocate their execution,
while the Get of Fenris consider them beyond contempt. The
Getare foremostamong those who demand thatthe Stargazers
be stripped of their protectorate. The Stargazers themselves
shun other Garou, doing their utmost to avoid them,

Monash End-to-the-Darkness

Position: Jindabyne Council member
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Stargazer

A
Nature/Demeanor: Caregiver/Jester
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance
4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Expression 3, Primal-
Urge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Medicine 3, Politics 2, Science 2
Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Past Life 3, Pure Breed 3
Gifts: (1) Balance, Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal,
Persuasion; (2) Inner Strength
Rank: 2
Rage 2, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6
Rites: None
Fetishes: None
= |


S eeearin seare n rw Ar S e m Tro h

aA

Image: In his Homid form, Monash is an energetic young
man. He is not handsome, but has an attractiveness born from
youth and enthusiasm. His blue eyes are bright, and a shock of
unkempt brown hair falls over his face. His Lupus form is that
of a tawny brown wolf, shaggy and playful.

Roleplaying Notes: Youare the self-appointed savior of the
Stargazers. Although you try your utmost to be serious and
responsible, your youth always shows through. You do your
best to appear confident, though this is difficult, and you are
sometimes prone to indecision. Although young, you are
always surrounded by elders, many of them grim or deeply
depressed. This has colored your outlook.

History: Monash was born in tropical Queensland, the
only child ofa single teenage mother. Monash never knew his
father, nor does his mother speak of him. Although bright,
Monash was not popular with his fellow students at school,
who teased him because of his background. His Garouheritage
manifested itself early, and Monash ran away from home,
terrified and alone. He headed north on all fours, eventually
crying himself to sleep under the eaves of the Daintree
Rainforest. Found there by apack of Children of Gaia, Monash
was taken by them tothe Stargazersand introduced tohis tribe.
The Stargazers, old and pessimistic, were uneasy at having a
child in their midst. Monash quickly learned all they could
teach him, and in return brought some hope to the fading
protectorate.

The Stargazers told Monash of the Jindabyne Council, and
he resolved to fill the long-empty Stargazer seat. While he has
only saton the council for a year, Monash has already found
himself arguing against such powerful Garou as Mamu.
Innana, of the Children of Gaia, has taken Monash under
her wing, and he is grateful to her for her aid and love.

Monash has recently heard rumors of the Rokea, the
weresharks who dwell in the waters of the Great Barrier
Reef, and has determined to contact them. He believes that
if the Apocalypse is truly imminent, as his tribe says, then
the Rokea may be the only allies capable of lending the
Garou aid. Monash also hopes that an infusion of hope may
restore the elder Stargazers to their senses and deliver them
from Harano. To this end Monash is trying to find Joseph
Blows-with-the-Wind, another Garou of the northeast
coast, who he believes has encountered the Rokea.

Uktena

These sullen and mysteriou;
suspicion by their Austrahian bret
have been present
that time they have gail
powerful eed
revenge for opean,
Rumorsareall the otherG
are particularly enigmati
the tribe borders on bei
it has not already joined f,

jarou are viewed with

. Although the Uktena

less than 150 years, in

trol of many of the most

e Uktena seek

‘of the Pure Land.

e, for Australian Uktena

tive. Many claim that

y the Wyrm, if indeed
s with the Corrupter.

History

The Uktena were late arrivals in Australia. Sings-with-
the-Moon, a Theurge, was the first Uktena to set foot on
Australian shores. In America he had heard news of the
mysterious Bunyip and of the wonders of Australia. Hoping
that the Bunyip might sympathize with the plight of the
Uktena, fellow victims of European aggression, Sings-with-
the-Moon made his way across the Pacific to Sydney Town.
Once in Australia, he traveled to the outback in search of
Bunyip, but was ignored by them. Sings-with-the-Moon
had hoped to learn the Bunyip's secrets in order to return to
his tribe in Americaand drive the invaders back beyond the
sea. Instead, he learned only vengeance and the pain of
wounded pride. Enraged that the Bunyip would not aid his
tribe, let alone speak with him, the Theurge vowed that he
would learn Bunyip secrets, no matter what the cost.

Sings-with-the-Moon, a member of the Ghost Dance
camp, spent many years in Australia and was gradually
joined by others of his tribe. Even had the Uktena wished
to prevent the carnage of the War of Tears, their numbers
were too small. When the dust had cleared, and the spilt
Bunyip blood had soaked into the red outback soil, the
Uktena moved in to claim the spoils.

Since the last decades of the 19th century, the Uktena
tribe has gradually increased its influence in Australia. A
number of the tribe emigrated following the War of Tears,
joining the elderly Sings-with-the-Moon andhis compatri-
ots and taking control of the Uluru Caern, which was
untended and without guardians. The Philodox Cries-to-
the-Night and her companions arrived in Australia at this
time, but, being rebuffed by the aggrieved and senile Sings-
with-the-Moon, founded the Katajuta Caern instead.
Despite applying themselves diligently to the task of under-
standing Uluru and its secrets, the Uktena have been
unable to fathom the caern's mysteries.

When the Glass Walkers suggested the formation of the
Jindabyne Council, the Uktena threw their support behind
the idea only when they were sure that other Garou
supported the motion. Such a decision proved wise, for by
their presence the Uktena managed to confirm their stew-
ardship of the Sept of the Waking Dream, as well as being
granted control of the Kimberley Protectorate.

Organization

Because they are so few in number (some 20 in total)
Australian Uktena maintain a strong tribal unity, to the
point of xenophobia. Like their American Kinfolk, they
have a largely decentralized structure, although all bow to
the wishes of their Jindabyne Council representative. Runs-
with-Ghosts, the sept leader of Katajuta Caer, is the voice
of reason among Australia's Uktena. She is mocked for her
open-mindedness by the Uktena of the Kimberleys and by
Tjinderi Knowing-Smile, who currently holds the Uktena
chair on the Jindabyne Council. Tjinderi is secretly groom-

84 Rage Across Australia

—————— ae


Boomerangs

The Uktena have taken to using native boomerangs as hunting tools and weapons. There are two main types, given
below, and each requires the Skill: Boomerang to use properly. The Uktena have, of course, made a number of fetishes
out of their boomerangs.

Boomerang: This is a typical boomerang, about 30 inches long and lightweight. When thrown well, it will return
to its user. Boomerangs are not meant to damage foes, but to provide a distraction when hunting small game such as
birds. Aboriginals would stretch a net across the trees and then flush birds from their perches. The aim was to get them
to fly low into the nets, and they did this by throwing the boomerangs overhead and making hawk noises. The birds,
hearing the whirring above and the hawk cries, would assume hawks were near and fly low to escape — right into the
waiting nets.

To get a boomerang to return, the thrower must score at least one success on her throwing roll for it to land back
at her feet, or three if she wants to catch it in her hand.

Kylie ("Killer Stick"): Shaped like a boomerang, but heavier and longer (four feet), the kylie does not return when
thrown. Its spinning action gives it great range, and its four-foot length gives it more hitting area than a spear point.
Unlike firearms, a thrown kylie does not add attack successes to the damage Dice Pool. The Kylie may also be used as
a club (using either Melee or Boomerang Skill), although it is less effective in this regard than a straight stick.

4
Type Difficulty Damage Concealment
Boomerang 7 I die Str x4 J
Kylie (club) Strength +1 N

ing Bathes-in-Blood, the Gatekeeper of the KatajutaCaern, Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6), |

to succeed Runs-with-Ghosts. Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4) (

The Uktena have chosen the Aboriginals as Kinfolk. Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
They are the only Garou tribe who have gone out of their —_ ance 3 (2/0/3/3)
way to build ties to the native peoples. They take any Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
incursion against native Aboriginals as an attack on their Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimi-
Kin. dation 3, Subterfuge 4

Most Australian Uktena are of the Earth Guide camp. Skills: Leadership 2, Survival 5

They encourage the Aboriginals to return to their old ways Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2,
and live in harmony with Gaia's spirit. Many Earth Guides Q¢cult 3, Politics 2, Rituals 5

are active in Aboriginal politics and work in Aboriginal
community health centers and similar organizations.
Skywalkers, Raiders and Bane Tenders are more rare, but
are highly honored amongst the tribe, although corre-
spondingly distrusted bynon-Uktena Garou. Ghost Dancers
are rarest of all among Australian Garou; only Tjinderi
Knowing-Smile is a member of this camp, though she uses
all the Uktena as a tool to bring the camp's aims closer to
fruition. Uktena distrust most tribes, particularly the Glass
Walkers. They think Silver Fangs are foolish, and fear that
the Shadow Lords may pose a threat to their own influence.
Many Uktena ally themselves with Children of Gaia and
Black Furies. The Bone Gnawers see the Uktena in a
favorable light, as both work with the dispossessed.

Cjinderi Knowing-Smile

Position: Sept Leader, Jindabyne Council member
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ragabash

$ . ¥ NS 3)
Tribe: Uktena :
Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/Director Cjinderi Knowing-Smile

Chapter Three : People 85


Deere eer ere arene erence arr sr an remem arene)

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 5

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Open Seal, Persuasion,
Sense Magic; (2) Taking the Forgotten; (3) Invisibility; (4)
Call Elemental, Whelp Body

Rank: 4

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite
of Binding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Becoming,
Rite of Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem,
Rite of the Opened Bridge, The Wombat's Burrow (as The
Badger's Burrow), Rite of the Shrouded Glen.

Fetishes: Bells of Rain, Tiddalik's Bone (Level 2, Gnosis
6. A Water-spirit is bound into this Bunyip bone. The
holder of the bone is guided to the nearest supply of fresh
water, even if that water flows underground.)

Image: Tjinderi's Homid form, with which she is most
comfortable, is that of a dark-skinned Aboriginal woman in
her early 40s, with a mop of light brown hair falling to her
shoulders. She dresses unassumingly in floral print sundresses
and disdains jewelry. Her eyes are hooded and, even when
she smiles broadly, always solemn. In Lupus form Tjinderi
appears as a yellow-brown dingo with inquisitive eyes and
lolling tongue. Her ears and tail are white-tipped.

Roleplaying Notes: You are one of the most powerful
Uktena in Australia. Rather than boast, you adopt a plain,
unassuming guise, knowing that people are easier to control
when they underestimate you. Smile knowingly at all
times. Always seem as if you are considering other people's
suggestions; in reality, however, you will do precisely as you
have always planned.

History: Tjinderi was stolen away from her family, who
lived on a mission station on the outskirts of Alice Springs,
when she was five, and raised by an American. Unlike
many fostered Aboriginal children, Tjinderi was treated

aS

2, sy
ud
v

Jacky Gecko

86 Rage Across Australia

POL PT ST niente //,

well. At 14 she discovered the reason for her foster-father's
kindness. He was Commanding Howl, Uktena leader of the
Kimberley Protectorate. Soon after her first transforma-
tion, Tjinderi accompanied Commanding Howl to the
U.S.A. Here she learned of the tragedy of the Uktena and
the loss of the Pure Lands. Commanding Howl, who had
raised her like a father, had ensured long before that her
loyalties lay with him and the Uktena. Returning to her
homeland, Tjinderi set about systematically learning all
she could of the Bunyip and their ways, hoping to use that
knowledge for the benefit of the Uktena alone.

Tjinderi came to rule the Kimberley Protectorate when
Commanding Howl died. She also took his place on the
Jindabyne Council. It is her goal to make the Uktena the
most powerful tribe, first in Australia and then in the world.
Then let the Wyrmcomers beware...

Tjinderi passes on all Bunyip secrets to the Uktena Great
Council, in the hope that they can use the knowledge to
reclaim Americaand Australia. Her ambition for the Uktena
as a whole blinds her to the individuals who make up the
tribe. Tjinderi still leads the Kimberley Protectorate, al-
though she faces an increasing challenge from Jacky Gecko,
her chosen successor. Tjinderi also faces a challenge from
Runs-with-Ghosts of the Katajuta Protectorate.

Jacky Gecko

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Uktena

Nature/Demeanor: Confidant/Maker

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5) -

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Empathy 3, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Boomerang 3, Drive 3, Pilot
Aircraft 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 5,
Occult 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Mentor 3, Resources 2

Gifts: (1) Call of the Wyld, Mother's Touch, Sense
Magic, Smell of Man; (2) Call of the Wyrm; (3) Eye of the
Cobra

Rank: 3

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Questing Stone,
Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of the Fetish

Fetishes: Yongar's Wings (Level 4, Gnosis 7. This is a
throwing boomerang — see sidebar — with a spirit servant
of Yongar, the kangaroo totem, bound into it. Any kanga-
roos brought down ina hunt with this weapon are considered
to be gifts from Yongar tothe tribe. The boomerang does Str
+2 aggravated damage and will always return to its user.)

AN


a AA,

Image: Jacky is a tall and sinewy Aboriginal man of 25.
He is never seen without his akubra hat and buffalo-skin
boots. He wears faded blue jeans and a T-shirt bearing the
Aboriginal flag. In Lupus form he is a sandy-colored dingo
with faint, dark-brown markings along his spine. He can
stand patient and unmoving for hours on end.

Roleplaying Notes: A closed book to most people, you
are always amiable but seldom reveal what you are think-
ing. Always shake others' hands and call them "mate." You
rarely talk, except when pressed, whereupon your banter is
loud and empty.

History: Jacky was born on a reservation in the North-
ern Territory. From an early age he wanted to be a doctor,
for he was sickened by the poor standard of health that his
people endured. His First Change was watched over by
Tjinderi Knowing-Smile. It was relatively painless and did
not divert him from his goal. Jacky studied hard and
graduated to become a doctor, working in both the Aborigi-
nal Health Service and the Flying Doctors. Tjinderi
sponsored him through his studies and ensured that he
learned of the Garou as well as the human world. Jacky
collected enough money to buy his own plane, and has on
occasion saved the lives of stranded, injured and helpless
Garou, earning him respect among many tribes. Among
those grateful to Jacky is Innana of the Children of Gaia,
who taught him the Gift Mother's Touch as a reward for his
service.

Ashe grew, Jacky became more independent of Tjinderi.
He has recently formed the opinion that Tjinderi's desires
sarily helpful to the Aboriginal people; he
knows that her first loyalties are to the Uktena tribe. He has
remained a fervent campaigner for Aboriginal rights.

are not ne

Recently, Jacky has become curious about his origins and
ancestry. His mother's background is unknown, although
she was assuredly Kinfolk. Jacky has a younger sister,
Wayerpuy, who he believes will undergo the Change. He
has noticed unusual things about her. Wayerpuy has told
him of a voice in her head, speaking in an Aboriginal
language she cannot understand. Jacky hopes that by im-
mersing himself in the history of the Uktena in Australia,
he may uncover the meaning of such enigmas. He has not
yet thought to look more closely at himself.

Wendigo

The strictly Native American Wendigo are largely un-
known in Austra pt as tourists. Few of the tribe have

Auspice ie

Tribe: Wendigo

Nature/Demeanor: Reveler/Cub

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

~

Joseph Blows-with-the-Wind

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental Percention 4; latellicence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 5, Brawl 1, Empathy 2,
Heenan,

treetwise 3

Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Performance 3, Repair 3,
Stealth 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Past Life 5, Resources 1

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze,
Persuasion; (2) Speak with the Wind-Spirits

Rank: 2

Rage 2, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Rites: None

Image: Joseph is a short, bronz
dian in his early 20s. He has long, loose black hair and wears
cut-off jeans, T-shirts and cheap jewelry. His
large timber wolf,
looks blow-dried.

Camouflage, Open Seal,

skinned American In-

Lupus form, a

ways impeccably preened and almost

Roleplaying Notes: You are relaxed and rather vain,
frequently grooming and preening. Little angers or worries
you. You are aware of the needs of others and listen to what
they have to say, but have a short attention span. You avoid
arguments and find it easiest to accept other people's
opinio:

History: Born in Montana, Joseph is a Blackfoot Indian.
He was awarded a U.S. government scholarship to study in
Australia. Joseph enrolled at Bond University, enjoying
sunny Queensland so much that he never went home. He
is currently hiding from the Immigration Department,
which wants to deport him. Joseph lives the life of a roving

Chapter Three : People 87


ee A"

surfer, driving his battered van up and down the Gold
Coast, following the waves.

Joseph's head is full of his Blackfoot and Garou ances-
tors. They are constantly trying to make him do something
or go somewhere, but Joseph is not interested. His ancestors
speak of some great destiny in store for him and have
frequently helped him escape Australian immigration offi-
cials. Evidently they have some reason for Joseph to remain
in the country, although he neither knows nor cares what
it might be.

On a recent surfing trip, Joseph was caught in a vicious
current and carried out to sea. Stranded on a small coral
reef, he saw a school of sharks swim toward him. Joseph's
terror turned to amazement when one of the sharks took
Homid form and retrieved his surfboard. The creature did
not respond when Joseph tried to talk to it, instead diving
under the waves. Joseph has determined to find out more
about these creatures. The voices of his ancestors, previ-
ously so talkative, have not spoken since.

The Jindabyne Counal

In 1901 the Glass Walkers, under the leadership of
Kanakis and his daughter Cynen, called for the establish-
ment of a multitribal council to coordinate the activities of
Australia's Garou. The pair convinced the tribal leaders
that such a council was necessary in light of the recent
federation of human Australia. In reality, Kanakis and
Cynen saw the council asa tool to elevate their tribe's status
and increase their power.

The small town of Jindabyne, in the Silver Fang protec-
torate of Wadbilliga, was chosen as the location for the
council because of its proximity to Mount Kosciusko,
where the last Bunyip was slain. The creation of such a
council, Kanakis claimed, would prevent the recurrence of
such a tragedy. Instead, it has allowed the Glass Walkers to
boost their prestige and influence by playing on the guilt
felt by che other tribes.

The Jindabyne Council's charter codifies the group's
theoretical aim: the protection of the spiritual and physical
environments. A multitribal pack, the Children of Ngalyod,
was formed to assist the council in carrying out this goal.
The Ngalyod Pack is uniquely Australian, although similar
in many ways to the Silver Packs that serve Concolation
moots overseas.

The Jindabyne Council is responsible for defining the
boundaries of the protectorates and awarding guardianship
of caerns to the tribes. The council's members decide what
actions Australia's Garou will take against the Wyrm, and
provide a forum for dispute if disagreements cannot be
resolved at a sept level. Recent decisions of the Jindabyne
Council have included: sending large numbers of Garou
and Kinfolk to the Franklin River protests in the early
1980s, settling the dispute between the Tanami and
Kimberley Protectorates (although of late this has flared up

88 Rage Across Australia

OE LE Ps ET tier //

"Reeve

. Ip

fii i ois Vv :

again), and calling for an Australian Garou delegation to
travel to the war in the Amazon.

The Ngalyod Pack

The Ngalyod Pack exists to enforce the decrees of the
Jindabyne Council. The pack is named after Ngalyod the
Rainbow Serpent, the most powerful Bunyip totem. Mem-
bership in the pack is a rare honor, and not dependent on
auspice, unlike the Silver Pack, which it resembles. No
Silver Pack exists in Australia, as the Jindabyne Council
makes Concolation moots, and thus Silver Packs, irrel-
evant. (The last Australian Concolation moot was held at
the beginning of the War of Tears; many Garou have said
that another such moot will not be held until the Bunyip
return from the dead.)

Others

Australia is home to all manner of supernatural entities,
although relatively few of the Changing Breed. Other
enlightened beings present in Australia include mummies,
vampires and mages.

The Changing Breed

Since the bloodshed and shame of the War of Rage,
others of the Changing Breed have avoided the Garou. Few
of their kind live in Australia, save perhaps for the Gumagan,
the werecrocodiles of the Northern Territory, and even
they may be a myth.

INO |

Le

Rokea

In the deep waters off the Australian coast swim the
Rokea. They are unapproachable and aloof. The weresharks
have taken it upon themselves to protect the Great Barrier
Reef, which is under threat from both excessive tourism
and a plague of crown-of-thorns starfish. Elsewhere, Rokea
angered by the intrusion of humans into their waters plan
attacks on the oil and gas platforms of Bass Strait and the
Northwest Shelf. Recently the Rokea have made acciden-
tal contact with a Garou of the Cape York Protectorate,
Joseph Blows-with-the-Wind.

Mummies

Abu Nwole is an African mummy created in a tribal
ceremony after a great Zulu triumph in what is now
Capetown. Abu was a chieftain, killed in the battle, but
responsible for his people's victory. Through sacrificial
spilling of captive and Zulu blood, Abu was pulled back
from death, becoming an undying mummy. Unlike his
Egyptian kin created by the Followers of Horus, he was not
restricted to one body, but began an endless cycle of death
and rebirth. Abu wandered for almost two centuries, even-
tually arriving on the shores of Australia 3,000 years ago.
He made his home among the Aboriginals and on rare
occasions helped the Bunyip in their endeavors. His later
incarnations have been Aboriginal men.

Abu remained uninvolved in the War of Tears and has
avoided contact with Europeans (as he views all non-
Aboriginal Australians). The Garou would never have
discovered Nwole's existence were it not for an attack led
by the Silver Fang King, Greymane Sleekfur, on an Ab-
original settlement last century. During this raid, Abu's
mortal lover was slain. Abu has nursed his hatred of the
Silver Fangs ever since. Recently reincarnated, he slew the
first Silver Fang he met (an elderly Ahroun by the name of
Glory-in-His-Stride) and plots the death of many more.
Still a great warrior, the mummy could prove a deadly
enemy of the Garou. He possesses more first-hand knowl-
edge of the Bunyip than any other being existing in Australia
today.

Mages

Before the Council of Nine, before even the great medi-
eval experiment of the Order of Hermes, there were powerful
mages, who would come to be called Dreamspeakers, living
among the Aboriginals. These mages were few, but repre-
sented some of the most enlightened Dreamspeakerts ever
to have walked the Earth. Indeed, the very name of the
Dreamspeaker Tradition is said to originate from these
mages, who trod song-lines between Earth and Dreamtime
and spoke its tales to the tribes.

The Bunyip resented these mages, who stole the vitality
of Gaia from Bunyip caerns. Despite this, the Australian
Garou tolerated them, for theit great knowledge of the
Dreamtime benefited even the Bunyip. Powerful as these
primal Dreamspeakers were, they did not act to stop the
European invasion of Australia; they had foreseen that the
Europeans would destroy the Bunyip, and they feared the
newly arrived Technomancers. But even the Dreamspeakers
could not prophesy the depths to which the Europeans
would sink, or the degree to which they would ravage
Australia. Like many Aboriginals, the Dreamspeakers died
in the years after the invasion: poisoned, shot or succumb-
ing to diseases to which they had no resistance. Their
deaths were no doubt encouraged by the Nephandi Chantry
rumored to lie hidden beneath the sands of the western
outback.

There has always been a strong magical presence in
Perth, ever since the city was founded by James Stirling, a
member of the Order of Hermes. It is rumored that, in
return for nonaggression against his burgeoning city, Stirling
made a pact long ago with a Nephandi Chantry deep in the
outback, and that his soul is now forfeit. The immortal
Stirling now regrets the excesses of his early years and seeks
to make amends for his past sins. Stirling's rule of Perth is
threatened by his love for Jemina Christianson, who has
betrayed him to the Technocracy.

The Dreamspeakers maintain a keen interest in Austra-
lia, especially in the Silent Striders' collection of Dreamrime
legends, while adventurous members of the Verbena go
among the remaining Aboriginal tribes to learn their unique
ways. The Hollow Ones are perhaps the strongest here in
terms of numbers. Otherwise, the rest of the Traditions are
poorly represented, and it is only now that mages have
recognized the need to combat the might of the Technoc-
racy in Australia.

Chapter Three : People 89

ee a


»

.) » { bua _
it tow _
we

OA AG my Z,
A Lf \ G8
_ . 4
a ~ -
Sd INR

ra som
OE ee
oh OMEN =
mt i see NN
"ss

i \
i
f
'
j /
wy
' u ,
t =
* 6 =
ant
2 *
" a
ty a a
LA ™,
‘-
4*o\, % 2
+ 4%
44% %
a4 4
a4
. a}
* . a |
. nas
‘ ‘ . bs %
ww an . q
. an ¢ 5
.os: eee
: aera
404 & 4
s 1b. 4 oe . ,
4% (4% % .
‘Se . + ~
4. 4,
wn 4 a) .
.
s % ; ‘
ae . s
«4 Z
ON <
S ~
Ing
=
= J (a 4 4%
-—  —_ "4
A " ww. Le
Fy
d <<

Ke \\


|

Well you know the story of the viper
It's long and lean with a poison tooth.
——~ Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, "Jack the Ripper"

The Wyrm has been in Australia longer than any Garou.
When the Bunyip arrived in Australia, fleeing the rage of
their brethren, they found Wyrm-beasts active in the land.
The Bunyip destroyed some such monsters, binding others
with the aid of Dreamspeaker mages among the Aboriginal
people. Today the Wyrm's most powerful tools are human-
ity and the resources humans can unwittingly bring to bear
against the environment. Numerous other allies exist in
Australia to further the Wyrm's cause.

Black Spiral Dancers

Well the night was deep and the night was dark

And I was at the old dance-hall on the edge of town

Some big ceremony was going down

Dancers writhed and squirmed and then

Came apart and then writhed again

Like squirming flies on a pin.

— Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, "John Finn's Wife"

No Garou who has fought a Black Spiral Dancer forgets
what it is like to look into the face of the Wyrm and see a
Garou staring back. Since the death of the Bunyip, Black
Spiral Dancers have become established in Australia, with

"

packs scattered across the states. They aim to corrupt and
ultimately to control the Dreamtime. By doing so, the

Dancers will be able to exploit the links between the spirit

and physical worlds, thus hastening Gaia's demise. So
insane and disordered are the Black Spiral Dancers, how-
ever, that they have great difficulty uniting to achieve this
aim.

When the Black Spiral Dancers arrived, following in the
pawprints of the Garou, they discovered to their delight
that the Wyrm's work was already being done in Australia.
Black Spiral Dancers spurred the Europeans to greater
atrocities in the name of civilization, reveled in the slaugh-
ter of the Aboriginal tribes, and laughed as the Garou
allowed the Australian environment to be despoiled.

The Dancers soon encountered the Bunyip and immedi-
ately realized the threat this peaceful tribe of Garou posed
to their domination and destruction of Australia. The first
priority of the Black Spiral Dancers became the death of the
Bunyip. With the Dreamtime's guardians gone, their con-
quest would be simple. Thus the Black Spiral Dancers
engineered the War of Tears.

Mara the Scream, most manipulative and cunning of
her tribe, framed the Bunyip for the death of Greyflank,

Chapter Four: Enemies 91

FELL PS TS eT, TTS LY


aRed Talon. The ensuing carnage surpassed even Mara's
warped imaginings. Not only did she ensure the Bunyip
tribe's destruction, but she emotionally crippled genera-
tions of Australian Garou and estranged them from the
land's spirits. The effects of Mara's simple but effective
trick are still felt today.

Were the Wyrm-ridden Garou a unified and efficient
force, the Dreamtime would have fallen soon after the
War of Tears, but the Black Spiral Dancers remain
fragmented and disorganized. There is no doubt that the
Black Spiral Dancers are capable of far-reaching and
sophisticated strategy, but more often their actions are
chaotic and contradictory. The one thing uniting Aus-
tralian Black Dancers is their obsession with the Bunyip.
The Dancers fanatically gather all the information they
can find about the extinct tribe: fetishes, rumors and
anecdotes. Some Garou see this as further evidence of
the Black Spirals' insanity; why fear a dead foe? Others,
the Stargazers among them, see the Dancers' actions as
an attempt to learn enough about Ngalyod, the Bunyip's
totem, to claim it for the Wyrm. Were the Black Spiral
Dancers to corrupt the Rainbow Serpent, the Dreamtime
would be all but destroyed. Bartholomew Wise-in-the-
Ways-of-the-Wyrm believes that the Black Spiral
Dancers have amassed a library of Bunyip-related mate-
rial, including many powerful fetishes. He would richly
reward any Garou who delivered information confirm-
ing the existence or location of such a library.

There are 40 Black Spiral Dancers in Australia. They
scuttle through storm drains beneath crowded cities and
burrow lightless warrens in the earth of the Dreamtime,
searching for imprisoned Wyrm-creatures. They main-
tain caerns at sites of spiritual corruption, where they
spread pollution in their worship of the Wyrm. Austra-
lian Black Spiral Dancers are fanatically religious and
often kidnap other Garou in order to deprogram them,
opening their eyes to the wonders of the Wyrm. Such
unwilling converts usually end up dead rather than
enlightened. Worshipping the Wyrm as a force of bal-
ance, the Black Spiral Dancers present Australia's vast
areas of wilderness and plagues of introduced animals as
evidence that the Wyld is out of control. The Black
Spiral Dancers are agents, not of destruction, but of
necessary restraint — or so they claim. They contend
that cities, constructs of the Weaver, must be allowed to
thrive, supplanting the Wyld so that order may be re-
stored.


y

The Priests of Pollution: A
Sample Australian Black
Spiral Pack

Moonscreamer

Position: Hive Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Fanatic

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 4, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 5

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 5, Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Past Life 3, Pure Breed 2, Re-
sources 4

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm,
Smell of Man; (2) Command Spirit, Ears of the Bat; (3)
Pulse of the Invisible; (4) Ultimate Argument of Logic; (5)
Balefire, The Malleable Spirit

Rank: 5

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of
Binding, Baptism of Fire, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of
Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem, Rite of
the Opened Bridge, The Rending of the Veil, Rite of Caern
Building.

Fetishes: Spirit Net, Greyflank's Heart (Level 2, Gnosis 7.
The mummified, glowing heart of Greyflank of the Red
Talons, whose murder provoked the Bunyip Wars, beats
constantly. The heart obscures the Wyrm-taint of any who
carries it.)

Image: Moonscreamer, in Homid form, appears as a
dignified old man with gray hair swept back from his
temples. He dresses in the dark suit of a priest, complete
with white collar, despite the harsh temperatures of the
outback. In Lupus form he is a dark gray wolf, with small
patches of scales on his upper back.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a born leader and have been
known to practice speeches for hours on end until you have
the intonation just right. You stare down those younger
than you, and speak in a calm, reasonable voice. You
remind people of their favorite uncle — elderly, slightly
eccentric, but kind and concerned.

History: Moonscreametr's Kinfolk parents raised him
according to the strict rules of their religion. His childhood

Woonscreamer

was punctuated by regular beatings, reinforced guilt and
long periods of loneliness. When he reached puberty and
the Change overtook him, Moonscreamer killed his par-
ents, laughing insanely all the while. From that night on,
Moonscreamer has restrained his madness, conducting his
life ina cold and rational manner. Modnscreamer appeared
unchanged by his initiation rite, if anything becoming
more methodical and less disorganized, unlike most Black
Spiral Dancers.

Today Moonscreamer leads the small but powerful Ranger
Hive, the Priests of Pollution, based in the uranium mine in
Kakadu National Park. His cold intellect has welded the
usually disorganized Black Spiral Dancers into an efficient
and dangerous force. The pack's mission is to recruit Kakadu's
spirits to the service of the Wyrm. By capturing and tortur-
ing spirits dwelling in the Hive's bawn, the pack has met
with some success. Moonscreamer's ambition is such that
he believes even the powerful Namarrkon, the Lightning
Spirit, may be corrupted. The small pack keeps to itself,
avoiding the workers who live in the mine compound.
Inquisitive workers soon disappear, and the mine staff has
learned not to question the presence of a priest, nun,
psychopath and teenage boy on the premises. Ranger is
controlled by Pentex, with which the pack cooperates.

Moonscreamer, though safe inside the heavily guarded
Ranger mine, harbors a paralyzing fear of the Bunyip. Ever
since he stared into the face of the Wyrm and became a
Black Spiral Dancer, he has believed that the Bunyip still
live. Sometimes Moonscreamer believes that he hears the
barks of thylacines echoing across the outback, which only
bolsters his neurosis. His paranoia is a closely guarded secret
of the Priests of Pollution. The three other pack members
are concerned that his fear may affect Moonscreamer's
ability to complete their mission.

Chapter Four: Enemies 93

ff JP, Ps A i, EO. 2 ee een een


|

Darren Mate-of-the-Wyrm

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature/Demeanor: Reveler/Gallant

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Law 2, Medicine 3

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Inspiration, The Falling Touch,
Sense Wyrm; (2) Curse of Hatred, Horns of the Impaler; (3)
Foaming Fury, Silver Claws; (4) Crawling Poison

Rank: 4

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Metis Disfigurement: Short-lived

Rites: None

Fetishes: Spirit Whip (Level 3, Gnosis 5. A triple-
thonged whip of black sharkhide, the Spirit Whip is capable
of flogging spirits in the Penumbra even if they are not
Materialized.)

Image: In his Homid form, Darren is a solidly built man
of 22. He is always naked from the waist up; his chest is
covered in coarse, black hair. He wears kangaroo-skin

94

boots, and his jeans are held up with a belt of dingo leather.
In lupus form, Darren is a hideous horned creature resem-
bling a hoofed dingo.

Roleplaying Notes: You are confident to the point of
boredom. Nothing excites you and no one threatens you.
You strut around the Ranger mine looking for excitement.
Should any Garou threaten you, you will be delighted at the
thought of a challenge.

History: Darren is the product of a rape. His mother was
a Black Fury, his father a Black Spiral Dancer. The young
pup, after eating his way out of his mother's womb, trotted
up to the gates of the Ranger mine, sensing that the Wyrm
would give him a home. Moonscreamer adopted the pup,
who grew astonishingly quickly. In two years he was fully
grown. Darren unflinchingly walked the Black Spiral, be-
coming the strong arm of the Priests of Pollution.

Darren continues to age quickly and may only live for
another five years. He spends much of his time visiting
Darwin and using his Animal Attraction to impregnate
tich women, ruining their lives and hopefully providing
himself with a Garou heir.

Darren has quickly become bored at the mine. Torturing
spirits is not enough to sate his desires. He has taken to
baiting local Garou: telling them where to find him, then
taking off into the bush when they arrive, in the hope that
they will chase him. Even this sport has become dull, for it
invariably ends with Darren slaying his pursuers. He has
recently heard about Kurpannga, the Devil Dingo, and has
determined to seek him out. Aware of his impending death
and his aging body, Darren is desperate to find anything
that will sate his desire for life.

Sister Mary McMartin/Cavorts-in-
Blood

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature/Demeanor:Caregiver (Reveler)/Martyr (Preda-
tor)

Physical: (Mary/Cavorts-in-Blood) Strength 2 (4/6/5/3),
Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2/3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0)/1 (Q/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4/2, Intelligence 3/1, Wits 2/4

Talents: Alertness 0/2, Brawl 1/3, Empathy 2/0, Intimi-
dation 0/3, Primal-Urge 0/2

Skills: Animal Ken 0/2, Etiquette 2/0, Performance 1/0,
Stealth 0/3, Survival 0/2

Knowledges: Investigation 1/0, Medicine 2/0, Occult 3/0

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Call of the Wild, Create
Element, Mindspeech; (2) Wyrm Hide

Rank: 2 .

Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 3

RageAcrossAustralia


ne A"

Metis Disfigurement: Neurosis (Split personality)
Rites: None
Fetishes: None

Image: Flowing black hair frames her soft white face; her
sympathetic eyes gaze dreamily into the distance. As Mary,
she captures her hair beneath her black nun's habit. As
Cavorts-in-Blood, she dresses like a street prostitute, in
fishnet stockings and a low-cut dress.

Roleplaying Notes: As Mary, you speak quietly, reserv-
ing your opinions in case your views upset others. You
believe Father Moonscreamer is never wrong and would
not think to contradict him. As Cavorts-in-Blood, you do
not speak unless it is to scream in disgust at the actions of
others or to seduce a victim within reach of your claws.

History: Cavorts-in- Blood was born to a pair of Sydney
Black Spiral Dancers, members of the Hive of the Cor-
rupted Flesh. She soon tired of the endless, lustful games of
the Hive, despite being raised to believe that this was all her
life could offer. After walking the Black Spiral, Cavorts-in-
Blood's already unstable personality fractured. Part of her
embraced her parents' creed with perverse joy. Another
side of her personality rebelled, determined to find better
ways to serve the Wyrm. Thus, Sister Mary was born.
Moonscreamer found Mary wandering the streets of Sydney
and took her under his wing. She is strongly drawn to the
soft-spoken but charismatic Theurge, although Cavorts-
in-Blood despises him.

Mary is unaware of Cavorts-in-Blood's existence, al-
though the reverse is not true. Having recently become
pregnant as a result of her alter ego's orgiastic reverence of
the Wyrm, Mary believes herself to be blessed with an
immaculately conceived Wyrm-child, the savior of the
Black Spirals. Sister Mary has become the dominant per-
sonality, although on her infrequent appearances,

i)

f Ne


. id

Pustulent Claws

Cavorts-in-Blood makes up for her long absences with
bestial slaughter.

Pustulent Claws (Bluey)

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Nature/Demeanor: Cub/Bravo

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1 (0/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: None

Backgrounds: Past Lives 2, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Open Seal, Sense Wyrm
Rank: 1

Rage 6, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4

Metis Disfigurement: Fragile Claws

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Image: Bluey, when in Homid form, is a tall, skinny
teenager. His acne-scarred face is contorted in a permanent
sneer. He has a shock of red hair, pale skin and freckles. He
wears dusty jeans, workboots, a blue singlet and a battered
akubra hat. In Lupus form he is a powerfully built dingo, his
black and tan fur encrusted with mold. His claws are weak
and break easily; pus oozes from his paws.

96


yy

Roleplaying Notes: You are a disgruntled adolescent:
angry, stubborn and rebellious. You sneer and scoff at
anyone older than you. You criticize everything and every-
one, and are never happy.

History: As a child, Bluey delighted in torturing small
animals. His Black Spiral parents encouraged his sadistic
games, providing creatures for him to maim and kill. After
several years they ceased providing him with such sport,
believing that Bluey was old enough to capture his own
toys, and that it was time for him to learn to kill humans,
not mere animals. Bluey, already spoiled, rebelled at this,
demanding that he be allowed to continue his games.
Rather than pamper him further, his parents forced Bluey
to walk the Black Spiral path early. However, Bluey did not
complete his rite; unknown to all he kept his eyes tightly
closed, and so did not stare into the face of the Wyrm. As
a result Bluey is not entirely insane, although his heritage
ensures that he is deeply disturbed.

Bluey continues to be a torturer, one reason why
Moonscreamer has adopted him into the Priests of Pollu-
tion. Moonscreamer believes that under his expert tutelage,
the boy could become a skilled inquisitor of spirits. Bluey
also serves as the acolyte of the Hive, assisting Moonscreamer
and Sister Mary in their rites.

Pentex

Ir ll love you like a razor, see?
It really does get in
But we don't have a prize for you
Because you didn't win, sorry.
— Headless Chickens, "Million Dollar Dream"

Pentex has maintained a presence in Australia for only
50 years, but in that short space of time has fostered much
environmental degradation and spiritual corruption.
Pentex-controlled companies have the worst record of job-
related accidents in Australia and house their workers in
notoriously poor conditions. Unknown to employees,
Pentex buildings are constructed over chemical dumps and
insulated with asbestos. Air and water supplies are satu-
rated with minute but dangerous concentrations of toxins.

Pentex Australia is involved in woodchipping opera-
tions, ensuring that Australia's hardwood forests are turned
into low-quality paper bags rather than used for building
materials or left unspoiled. Pentex's subsidiary companies
run several high-cost, low-efficiency paper mills, pumping
mercury and other chemicals into the waterways. Pentex
has extensive interests in mining, notably uranium mining
in the Northern Territory, iron mining in Western Austra-
lia, and silver mining in Queensland. Sludge from these
mines pollutes local rivers, eventually finding its way to the
sea. Pentex sponsors extensive mineral explorations
throughout Australia, falsifying the results of surveys in
order to mine unprofitable areas and thus ensure that they
are stripped of natural vegetation. The company makes

Vy

sizable donations to the gun lobby and hunting groups, pays
asecret bounty on dingo scalps, and supports the sheep and
cattle industries, which lobby for more grazing in wilder-
ness areas.

Tourism is also supported by Pentex, despite being an
area of contention for the company's directors. While
exposure to the wild may sway more people toward support-
ing environmental movements, package tours, such as
those Pentex encourage, remove clients from any direct
contact to the land save for what is seen through their bus
windows. So-called eco-tours, which bring large numbers
of people to environmentally sensitive areas, further de-
spoil the environment. Leisure industries that exploit and
degrade the environment, such asskiing, fishing, waterskiing
and motor racing, receive Pentex sponsorship.

The company has two main offices in Australia, located
in Sydney and Perth. The Australian branch of Pentex also
oversees the New Zealand arm of the company, based in
Wellington.

ti

MAN

()

i
{
i

SPae ae ls 8a

Wi

- :

Ww

"4 NE
ral.
a Aig
Ava
Ne y

Vv:

f
SS
Te

FARIV


Jetfery Blight

The Chief of Operations at Pentex Australia is Jeffery
Blight, QC. A handsome man in his late 30s, Blight was
first noticed by Pentex while studying law at Melbourne
University. Ruthless and corrupt, the young Blight would
first seduce, then blackmail his lecturers in order to gain the
highest possible marks. Blight was also a member of the
University debating team; it was Blight's powerful argu-
ments in favor of medical experimentation on prisoners,
televised nationally as the final round of an intercampus
contest, that alerted Pentex to his potential. Blight went on
to become a high-flying corporate lawyer, using bribery and
extortion to ensure he never lost a case. Soon Pentex
contacted the already corrupt young man. Blight agreed to
work for Pentex on the provision that the company use its
influence to have him appointed Queen's Counsel, the
highest title an Australian lawyer can receive.

At Pentex, Blight found people who appreciated his
talents. Appointed head of the Special Projects Division,
Blight made this department something for Pentex to be
proud of, pioneering genetic manipulation and cybernetics
research. After working in SPD for two years, Jeffery de-
cided it was time for him to move up the corporate ladder.
After aswift campaign of bribery, political skullduggery and
murder, Blight was appointed Chief of Operations in Aus-
tralia. The members of the Pentex Board of Directors are
well aware of Blight's transgressions, but approve of them
wholeheartedly. They believe that Jeffery possesses exactly
the qualities they seek in their regional managers. Blight
seeks an appointment to the Pentex Board, and he actively
works toward this goal.

Jemina Christianson

The slender, attractive Miss Christianson is a ruthless
mage of the Technocracy. She was the protégé of the
deathless James Stirling, founder and ruler of Perth.

Jemina was born to a wealthy, upper-class family and
educated in private European schools. In Switzerland, she
first encountered the supernatural powers that pervade the
World of Darkness, in the form of an elder Ventrue. Having
read Plato, Machiavelli, Dante, Marx, Kropotkin, Stirner
and Nietzche, Jemina was ready for a lesson in true power.

On her return to Perth she sought out Stirling, having
heard of his existence while in Europe. Jemina seduced the
mage and learned everything she could from him, including
knowledge of the Technomancers. Deciding that the might
of an organization feared by one so powerful as Stirling must
be great indeed, Jemina left Stirling to join them. The
Technocracy boldly demanded the death of Lumley, Perth's
Tremere prince and Stirling's pawn (or so they believed),
as proof of her loyalty. Rather than risk her own life, Jemina
provided Perth's anarchs with information about Lumley's
haven and its defenses, and sat back to watch the ensuing
flames. The Technocracy duly embraced Jemina and has
promised to protect her from her former mentor and lover.
The Tremere do not yet know of Jemina's role in the anarch
uprising, but when they do, she will need all the power of
the Technocracy to protect her from their vengeance.

SN

flys il

, . ¥
ree, Se :
id iG . :
yelper" 4 rf. 1445; wwe
, aaa y .
° f vb OF ee PE RE Oe eee
yee GTS
‘al . ~
' . awe, '

Woyf, 'y
Y Ag! ;


The Technocracy wishes to infiltrate Pentex and has
secretly arranged for Jemina to be employed by the com-
pany. The combination of her ambition and her
Technomantic might has allowed Jemina to gather consid-
erable corporate influence. Jemina now heads the company's
Perth branch, having swept all competitors before her —
until now. In Jeffery Blight she has met an opponent of her
own caliber. The seemingly passionless rivalry between the
pair has a detrimental effect on Pentex's Australian opera-
tions, and conceals a growing attraction between the two
~~ which will undoubtedly blossom into deadly love.

The Squattoray

This organization is now virtually defunct, maintained
by conservatives within Pentex's ranks. It spearheaded the
initial thrust of the Wyrm into Australia, implemented
wholesale deforestation, and contributed to the destruc-
tion of the environment. Not all members of the
Squattocracy knew of the Wyrm, but those who did zeal-
ously embraced its creed. The Squattocracy's members are
powerful, wealthy, arrogant and elderly pastoralists. The
Squattocracy's outlook was appropriate to the 19th cen-
tury, but today is seen by Pentex as an anachronism. No
longer effective, its dying elite are more concerned with
maintaining their wealth and prestige than with serving
the Wyrm. Their influence over the more traditional mem-
bers of Pentex has thus far prevented Jeffery Blight from
streamlining the Squattocracy out of existence.

®

Sir Divien Winchester

A healthy man in his late 70s, Winchester owns a vast
ancestral sheep station in outback New South Wales.
His ancestors, the original founders of the Squattocracy,

_ predate Pentex, the members of which he considers

brash American upstarts lacking in breeding and gentil-
ity.

Sir Vivien is never seen without suit and monocle. His
skin is leathery, his eyes bright and hard, and he wears a
white hairpiece. Despite his age, Winchester is tough
and shrewd. In his youth he shot Aboriginals for sport,
and regrets the Aboriginal Protection Board's incarcera-
tion of the tribes on reservations, denying him his
pleasure.

Sir Vivien spends his days ensconced in the halls of
his sprawling homestead, only leaving for Pentex Aus-
tralia board meetings, to which he flies in his private
helicopter. He fiercely hates both Blight and Martina
Loupenski, and has sent his florid, heavyset son, George,
to Perth in the vain hope of enlisting Jemina Christianson
as an ally.

Aboriginal Protection
Boar

This organization has supplanted the Squattocracy in
Australia. Since 1860 the Board has killed more Aboriginals,
through dispossession and despair, than the original invad-
ets killed. Rather than killing through direct violence, the
Aboriginal Protection Board is expert at the destruction of
the spirit, in the guise of cultural assimilation. Initially, the
Board was responsible for transplanting Aboriginal chil-
dren from their mothers to European foster parents, and for
moving Aboriginals from their traditional homes to large
reservations. On the reservations, Aboriginal people were
forbidden their religion and language, and their move-
ments were restricted. In the World of Darkness, such
practices continue today. Although the APB isan indepen-
dent organization, a representative of the Aboriginal
Protection Board sits on the Pentex Australia Board of
Directors. The APB also monitors the Aboriginal popula-
tion, constantly searching for any Bunyip Kinfolk.

Martina Loupenski

Born to Polish parents in a working-class suburb of
Melbourne, Martina studied as a social worker before join-
ing the Aboriginal Protection Board. Martina is a large,
matronly woman with a patronizing bearing. A survivor of
incest, she was first ridden, then possessed by a Bane. As a
fomor, Martina is immune to the Delirium and possesses
the power of Infectious Touch. Easily manipulated, she is
an ally of Jeffery Blight. Martina dislikes Sir Vivien for his
continual derision of her Slavic heritage. She considers the
Squattocracy's methods clumsy and outdated.

Chapter Four: Enemies

ELLA. PT Ls TR ee

DO Eee en Qe eee:


a

Dampires

Pue been contemplating suicide,

But it really doesn't suit my style.

So I guess I'll just act bored instead,

And contain the blood I would have shed.

— The Birthday Party, "Shivers"

Australia's geographical isolation prevented the forma-
tion of an established vampiric population prior to the
arrival of Europeans. Aboriginal legends of creatures called
Gurumukas, spirits who came in the night and bit their
victims' necks, hint at a vampire presence much earlier in
the continent's history. The truth of these rumors, how-
ever, has never been confirmed. Even before the First City
was built, Australia was divided from Europe and Asia by
the Indian Ocean. It may have been possible for a particu-
larly canny Gangrel to cross the widening gulf between
Australia and Asia while the seas were lowered during the
Ice Age, but such a vampire would still have had to deal
with the implacable Bunyip.

The first documented Kindred in Australia arrived in the
mid-1500s, traveling in the holds of Portuguese ships whose
captains sought a mythical Land of Gold rumored to lie
south of Java. These first, adventurous Leeches had fled the
turmoil of Europe, then wracked by the Inquisition and the
Anarch Revolt, in search of a more peaceful home. The arid
lands of Australia's west coast became their domain, and
here they hunted largely undisturbed for many years. Aus-
tralia was rediscovered by Dutch explorers in 1616, who
named the continent New Holland. With the Dutch came
a handful of Brujah and Malkavians. Most of these did not
survive in Australia, falling to the Bunyip or the harsh sun.

Following Captain Cook's navigation of Australia's east
coast, England laid claim to the southern land it had suppos-
edly discovered. Unknown to the human settlers dispatched
on the First Fleet, six Cainites traveled with them. These
powerful vampires had elected to flee England and the Jyhad
that raged there. Australia and its convict population were to
become their private hunting ground. It has been suggested
that these six vampires were manipulated in turn by a
Methuselah, who saw Australia as his own larder to be stocked
with potent Kindred blood in readiness for his awakening.

As Australia's population grew and new settlements were
founded, the vampires of the First Fleet spread out across the
land, discovering the earlier vampire settlers in the process.
Although further Cainite colonists were gradually drawn to
Australia over the passing years, it was not until the gold rush
of the 1850s that the nation's human population was large
enough to support more than a score of Kindred. Today
Australia's capital cities are home to the majority of the
country's vampire population, although large regional cities
such as Wollongong, Geelong and Albany support small
numbers of undead.

Following the European invasion, the Bunyip were too busy
battling human and Garou settlers to be concerned about afew

\. consis nenlienennhdnentenenientatemmmennabemme ‘Ss ~ -. "ouhiommsmmntenstasmmsieninmatninmnnsiasnbosmsbasatansismmmtmae


—

Leeches. As a result, Cainites were given time to establish a
firm foothold in Australia. By the time the European Garou
had exterminated their Australian cousins, vampires had
made themselves at home in every city capable of supporting
and concealing their presence. Today, an uneasy peace exists
between Kindred and Garou. In Sydney and Melbourne, Glass
Walkers, Followers of Set and Giovanni have forged an
alliance, dividing control of organized crime among them.
Bone Gnawers and Nosferatu have achieved a similar peace,
as each group has come to realize that it has more in common
with one another than with its fellow clans and tribes.

Generally the Garou leave Australia's cities to the Kindred,
while the Kindred, save for Clan Gangrel, spurn the outback
in turn. Even so, clashes between the two races are unavoid-
able, as Garou seek to restrict the human population and its
spread, while such growth is encouraged by the Kindred, for
their continued existence depends upon it.

Melbourne

Melbourne is ruled by the crime boss Squizzy Taylor. She
deposed and committed diablerie upon the previous ruler,
Prince Montague Lytton. Taylor, a Brujah, was Embraced in
the 1920s. A gangster in her mortal life, she has successfully
continued her career since becoming a vampire. With a
human population of three million, Melbourne is home to
approximately 30 Cainites. The city's once powerful Toreador
have been thrown into disarray by Lytton's death. Because of
Prince Taylor's strict rule, Melbourne's anarchs have no
Brujah within their ranks.

Perth

Perth has recently fallen to the anarchs, who successfully
deposed Lumley, the city's Tremere prince and one of the
Cainites of the First Fleet. Flushed with success, the anarchs
have given Perth's other Kindred the choice of joining their
cause or dying the Final Death, resulting in a steady eastward
stream of refugees. Having overthrown the Cainite ruler of
Perth, the anarchs must now face the immortal James Stirling
of the Order of Hermes, who still makes Perth his home. The
anarchs are aided by an influx of eastern Kindred drawn to
Perth by news of the successful revolt. The Final Death of
Prince Lumley has angered the Tremere, although what
revenge they will take is as yet unknown. Perth's Glass
Walkers wait with bated breath for the impending storm.

Chapter Four: Enemies

SE

Some four million mortals and more than 40 vampires
make Sydney their home. The clan of Sydney's prince is an
enigma to most. He claims to be Toreador, but none know
his sire. Some dismiss Prince Sarrasine as a Caitiff, while
the paranoid suggest that he is a Follower of Set. Prince
Sarrasine has influential links with druglords and organized
crime, and his court is the most decadent in Australia. It is
rumored that some of Sarrasine's courtiers participate in
orgiastic rituals at the Black Spiral Dancers' Hive of the
Corrupted Flesh. Sydney's Toreador, predominantly Po-
seurs, feud with the Artistes of Melbourne. A number of
minor princes have declared themselves the rulers of
Sydney's sprawling suburbs and satellite cities. To date,
Sarrasine has not challenged their rule, either lacking the
power to do so or secretly manipulating them toward some
unknown goal.

101


MA" FG
ay

Fr

\

z ew
_ _ ~s Nae?
oom of i" we - "
,
<
i
wo a _—
my
a
Ta

".
my
ay) LO ah
Cth aed = AA «
‘ /, aw
RR ‘ SZ
on ai
1 Pho
ERS ~ \

Ta J

ES 7

. Q

es) WG
4,7,
. rs $
ig \ All
A
. ® Sang
7
g wry A a \
> Cow

; e 1S «.%,
ey
w

2 4 * .

' Ul > Pa o
Oe :

) N

wh

NN

4
4

ws
awe
:

r .
av. (au Wi,

os Bar Ss wy ARS
caren ONS
ye dy: ' * ~ ; ,
thi se, «fy .

\!

freer m.,
oe
nt on ge

—~.

i
«ll

\ ‘ unl!

lee \e
Hye

. 7 A hae
My wy

) \)
|

we NYS

vag ill! }
IW Na WN oN

i ———


The whole of Australiais Bandaiyan. The front we call wadi, the belly section, because the continent is lying down
flat on its back. Itis just sticking out from the surface of the ocean. Deep down underneath are the buttocks, wambalma
— from where the leg joints run into the pelvis and right across to the other side.

Inside the body is Wungudd, the Snake. She grows all of nature on the outside of her body. The sides are unggnu
djullu, rib section. The rib section goes right across the country, above the navel. Uluru is the navel, the center —

wangigit.

The part below the navel is wambut, the pubic section. There is a woman's section — njambut, and a man's

section — ambut.

Right up on top is the head part, ulangun — Cape York, Arnhem Land, Kimberley, Bathurst and Melville Island...
Below the Gulf of Carpentaria are the lungs, wumangnalla.

— Utta Malnic and David Mowarljarlai, The Spirit of the Kimberley

The Dreamtime is the name given by the Aboriginal
people to their legendary past, when the world was first
formed and beasts walked in human form. The Dreamtime
is also a real place, the Penumbra, which can be visited by
Garou and others wise in spirit. This chapter describes both
Dreamtimes (which are in a sense one and the same) and
provides inhabitants and residents of the Dreamtime for
Garou to encounter. Details concerning the Bunyip, the
lost tribe of the Garou, can also be found in this chapter.

Che Dreamtime

The Aboriginals speak of the Dreamtime as if it were
both their past and a place that can be visited today, a
concept that confuses Europeans. The Dreamtime and its
stories represent both history and religion to the Aboriginal
tribes, tracing more than 50,000 years of tradition. The

Dreamtime and its song cycles represent the longest con-
tinual history of any people in the world. There are over 200
Aboriginal tribes in Australia, each with its own tales of the
Dreamtime. Names and origins of plants, animals and
geographical features are explained in Dreamtime stories,
thus allowing Aboriginals to learn about lifestyle and duty.

During the Dreamtime, the totem spirits of the people
lived as men and women. As the time of legend ended,
however, the spirits had to find a place to live. Some took
the forms of animals; others became features of the land
itself. Such places as Uluru and the Kakadu escarpment, the
sacred sites of the Aboriginal tribes, are the homes of such
spirits, and must be maintained to preserve the land. Before
the coming of the Europeans, the tribes ceremonially sang
and danced at these sites to ensure the land's health. The
Europeans forced the tribes off their lands, and so many

Chapter Five: TheDreamtime 103

ri SD A IY


sacred sites have not been maintained for over a century.
The land is slowly dying, and unless the Aboriginals can
reestablish contact with it, Australia will become a lifeless
desert.

The Dreamtime is Australia's Penumbra. In the
Dreamtime, prehistoric animals such as diprotodon and
giant kangaroos live side by side with Aboriginal spirits
such as Nargun and Mimi. The boundaries between the
Dreamtime and the physical world have always been weak
in Australia, as once was true of all the world. The
Aboriginals honored their land and its spirit, and so the two
wete never sundered.

The cause of the severance of Penumbra and Earth has
been debated by many Garou. Some see it as the continuing
war within the Tellurian, with the Weaver spinning more
complex structures to separate the physical world from the
spiritual. Others see the cause in humanity's fear and denial
of spirituality. In Australia, because spirituality was so
integral a part of Aboriginal life, and because the Weaver
never got out of hand in Aboriginal life, che Dreamtime and
the physical world remained closely linked.

The Umbrascape

Australia's Dreamtime resembles the natural Australian
landscape as it was thousands of years ago. Powerful wards
placed by the Bunyip upon the Dreamtime have preserved
the Penumbra as it was when they arrived in Australia, and
so it remains unfamiliar to the Garou even today. Some

104 RageAcrossAustralia

OFLA, PT ET ently //,

Moon Paths in the Dreamtime lead to the prehistoric
Realm of Pangea. Garou may enter Pangea and not realize
it until confronted by a grazing herd of dinosaurs. Other
Moon Paths lead to the Legendary Realm, and to the
Atrocity Realm. In this last Realm, the War of Tears is
endlessly replayed, and Aboriginals are endlessly poisoned,
raped and shot.

The Dreamtime is bathed in eternal twilight. The set-
ting sun is visible on the western horizon, while the rising
moon illuminates the east. Where deserts lie in the physical
world, sandscapes shimmer. Penumbral Central Australia
is filled by the long-vanished inland sea, where dolphinlike
reptiles swim among schools of primitive fish. The physical
world's pockets of forest are in the Dreamtime vast rainforests
of cycads and tree ferns, interspersed with slender eucalyp-
tuses and ringing with the caroling of currawongs and
magpies. Tree kangaroos leap from branch to branch high
above the ground, brightly colored birds screech and sing,
and wombats and other animals scurry about the forest
floor.

The Megafauna of Australia's past live on in the
Dreamtime. Giant kangaroos graze from the tops of trees.
The great grassy plains are home to huge flightless birds and
lumbering ground sloths, which are preyed upon by equally
large goannas. Diprotodons and huge wombats waddle
through the sprays of ferns, hunted by marsupial lions and
thylacines. These Great Beasts can be sometimes be sum-
moned back to the physical world with the Lupus Gift:
Song of the Great Beast.

=e


In those areas where the physical world has been scarred
by the actions of mankind, the Dreamtime is no longer
pristine, prehistoric wilderness, although it is not as corrupt
as the Penumbra of other lands. While the outback's
Dreamtime remains relatively unspoiled, the Penumbra of
the coast is thickly scarred by Wyrm and Weaver. The sites
of cities are represented by dense stands of black-barked
trees, their leaves drooping and blotched with mold. Thick
webs spread among the trees, through which scurry Pattern
Spiders. In particularly blighted areas even these trees have
died, leaving poisonous, shrouded glades, stalked by Banes
and other evils. In such places the ground is spongy under-
foot and oozes putrescent, stinking slime. Gaping pits lead
to the tunnels of the Black Spiral Dancers or to Hellholes
and Calumns. Where nuclear weapons have been tested, or
where Pentex factories spill their toxins into the physical
world, the Dreamtime is warped and terrible. The very soil
glows and leaks balefire.

The Dreamtime has been unusually disturbed of late.
The spirits seem nervous and unsettled. Strange barks have
been heard drifting across the Penumbral outback, and
mysterious tracks have appeared and disappeared in the
sand. More than one Garou has reported that the Moon
Paths are twisting and changing direction, manipulated by
something beyond the Garou's understanding. Occasion-
ally a Garou will enter the Dreamtime and never emerge.
Australia's Penumbra, always a mystery to the Garou, has
become unfriendly and dangerous. Many Garou now step
sideways only in desperation; it is as if the spirit world itself
has begun to reject them.

Inhabitants of the
(Dreamtime

The Dreamtime is a place of wonder and terror. The
Dreamtime remembers the genocide of the Bunyip and has
not forgiven the Garou. Its spirits are unfriendly and must
be coerced or threatened into communicating. The Black
Spiral Dancers are trying to form alliances with certain
Dreamtime spirits, with some success.

The Earth Mother

Gaia is known by many names in Australia: Imberombera,
Ungulla, Waramurungundi and Eingana. She is concerned
with the health of the people, the animals and the land, and
is responsible for the fluctuations of the seasons. She came
from over the sea, carrying the Aboriginal tribes within her
body. As she moved across the land, she formed the hills
and rivers; planted yams, waterlilies, palms and other veg-
etation; and gave birth to the Aboriginal tribes. The Earth
Mother sometimes appears in Australia's Penumbra as an
avatar of Gaia, a gigantic woman carrying vegetables, roots
and a digging stick. Evidence of the Wyrm's poisoning of
Gaia appear as scabs and weeping sores on her great, black-
skinned body. She moves through the Dreamtime as she
wishes, often stopping to rest in the shade of trees or on the
banks of slow-moving rivers.


The Incarna

Gaia employed many powerful spirits to help her
create the landscape of Australia and the Dreamtime.
No statistics are given for the Incarna. Garou who find
themselves in conflict with any of the Incarna face
powers of such magnitude that combat would be futile
and fatal.

The Rainbow Serpent

The Rainbow Serpent goes by many names, most
commonly Ngalyod, Imberombera and Borlung. It is the
greatest Incarna in Australia. No one knows what gen-
der the Rainbow Serpent is. According to some tribes,
the Rainbow Serpent created the mountains and rivers
of the outback with the undulating coils of its body as it
slithered across the primal land. In other tales, the
Rainbow Serpent, concerned for its creations, swal-
lowed up all life, keeping it safe from harm within its
belly. As each creature passed into the Rainbow Serpent's
body, it was not destroyed but held in stasis, and each
creature added color to Ngalyod's skin. Soon Ngalyod
had become all the colors that had ever existed.

Alas, the world, without plants and animals, became
a barren wasteland. This concerned the other Dreamtime
spirits, and Kookaburra determined to stop the Rainbow
Serpent. Flying close to Ngalyod, Kookaburra mesmer-

ee

ized it with his bright wings, until he was able to strike
it with his spear. All the life Ngalyod had swallowed
flowed out of the wound and across the land, revitalizing
the desert. The Rainbow Serpent vowed to find another
way to protect life. Gathering up its spilt blood, it
fashioned the Bunyip from the precious droplets.

Image: The Rainbow Serpent is a snake of immense
size — so vast that no one has ever seen its entirety.
Despite its size, the Rainbow Serpent is seen only when
it wishes to be.

Habitat: Ngalyod inhabits the permanent waterholes
of the Dreamtime. It prefers to rest during the hot
afternoons, lying at the bottom of a waterhole. After
rain, the Rainbow Serpent can sometimes be seen arcing
across the sky from one body of water to another. The
Rainbow Serpent has not been seen since the death of
the Bunyip.

Notes: The Bunyip were the children of the Rainbow
Serpent, and it spent many years mourning their passing.
Ngalyod has not forgiven the Garou for the destruction
of the Bunyip, but has not yet determined what to do
with the Garou. Though it believes that they are invad-
ers and murderers, it has also begun to see the Garou as
allies against the Wyrm.

Gnowee the Sun

Once the land was without the light of the sun, and
everyone lived in darkness. People hunted by torchlight,
and it was always cold. During this time a women called
Gnowee lived with her young son in the darkness at the
edge of the world. One day Gnowee left her son asleep
while she went out gathering yams. She wandered far in
search of food, eventually reaching the end of the world.
Passing underneath the Earth, Gnowee walked back the
way she had come, reemerging at the world's other end.
Unable to find her son, who had gone in search of her,
Gnowee climbed into the sky to see him, carrying a torch
with her because it was so dark. She wanders the sky to
this day, peering down at the earth for her son, only
coming down after she has crossed the land from side to
side. Each night Gnowee travels beneath the world,
beginning her search again when she climbs into the sky
in the morning.

Image: A young Aboriginal woman, bearing a blazing
torch.

Habitat: Because of Gnowee, the Australian Penum-
bra has a "sun." During daytime in the physical world,
Gnowee's torch can be seen wandering the sky as she
peers down, searching for her son. During night in the
physical world, the light of the moon shines instead as
Gnowee travels the caves underground, moving from
west to east, where she will once again take to the sky to
resume her search. It is only when Gnowee moves from
the land to the sky that she may converse with others.


conn ed SAD

Meeka the Moon

Meeka is a jealous and greedy man who was tricked into
the sky by his nephews, from whom he had stolen food.
When the young men went hunting, they invited their
uncle with them. They came across a very tall gum tree with
many witchetty grubs in it. The young men called Meeka
over to the tree, and, being the greedy man that he was, he

(A said that he would collect all the witchetty grubs himself.
Meeka climbed higher and higher, collecting the plump
grubs as he went. When he reached the topmost branch,
Meeka called out to his nephews that he could touch the

sky. They shouted back that Meeka should try to pick the
stars; perhaps they were good eating too. Greedily, Meeka
dug his fingers into the sky, at which point his nephews
chopped the tree down, leaving Meeka trapped. The greedy
uncle shouted down to his nephews to rescue him, but they
told him that he would have to stay in the sky forever.

Image: A greedy, bad-tempered old man. He is round,
pale and fat.

Habitat: Meeka lives in the sky and can never come
down. None know what happens to Meeka during the day.
Some believe he turns into a fish and swims under the earth
of the Dreamtime until he returns to the other side, where-
upon he leaps back into the sky. The Garou believe Meeka
is an Incarna servant of Luna, representing some of her
unsavory traits.

Namarrkon the Lightning Spirit

Western Arnhem Land is the home of Namarrkon the
Lightning Spirit. Namarrkon causes great storms when he
becomes angry. These storms can destroy towns and even
kill people. Namarrkon, while not an evil spirit, is an angry
one. He enjoys the rain, wind and lightning that accom-
pany him.

Image: Namarrkon always travels with thunder clouds
and lightning flashing in the sky around him. Attached to
his knees and elbows are stone axes, the tools with which
he creates his storms.

Habitat: Namarrkon can be met as he walks along the
coast of the Dreamtime. He is often found at the sites of
violent storms.

(Dreamtime Spirits
Bagini

Bagini are female spirits with sharp claws on their feet
and hands. They force men to make love to them, draining
their will in the process. Bagini appear as voluptuous young
Aboriginal women clad only in their long hair. They rely
upon their smiles and rounded figures to distract a victim
from their wicked claws.

Bagini are Wyld Gafflings of conception who live in
southeastern Australia. They find a lone man and attempt

Yi to seduce him. If he resists, the Bagini become enraged,

A a ae


attacking him with their sharp claws. Wyrm-corrupted
Bagini have been known to set nets for men and eat those
they capture.

Willpower 6, Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost 10; Str 2,
Dex 3, Sta 2, Brawl 3, Claws: Str + 2, Health Levels: 7),
Seduce (Power cost 5; this Charm makes the victim believe
that the Bagini is the most beautiful creature he has ever
seen), Passion Drain (Power cost 2 per point drained; for
this Charm to work, the victim must be enclosed in the
Bagini's arms. The Charm drains Willpower points from
the victim.)

Jannok

Jannoks are Wyrm-spirits, ferocious hunters that travel
in small flocks and pursue their quarry relentlessly. Jannoks
appear as bipedal humanoids with batlike wings. These
wings may not be used for flight per se, but they allow
gliding. Jannoks have weak hands, scarcely more than three
twiglike fingers and a long, clawed thumb. The talons on
their feet, however, are wickedly strong. Jannoks use these
claws to make one raking pass at a victim before gliding
away to find another tree from which to launch a new
attack. A Jannok's head resembles a bird's skull.

Made in mockery of the birds of prey, Jannoks are an
early Wyrm experiment. They dwell where great sorrow has
occurred, often haunting the sites of past Aboriginal mas-
sacres. They take particular delight in haunting the graves
of the Bunyip.

Willpower 6, Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost 12; Str 2,
Dex 4, Sta 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Claws: Str + 2, Health
Levels: 7), Call the Wind (Power cost 2; summons a
localized wind upon which the Jannok can glide, enabling
them to make their attacks from above.)

Koala

Some Aboriginal tribes believe koala bears to be the
spirits of lost children. Koala spirits can be found in the
Dreamtime, slowly munching the ephemeral eucalyptus
leaves. They are wary of Garou, but if treated kindly they
will consent to teach Gifts. They can teach most Theurge
Gifts and many Children of Gaia Gifts.

Willpower 4, Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Power 15-

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight

Kurpannga

Kurpannga is a monstrous, hairless dingo. His howls can
often be heard drifting eerily across the outback. He is only
encountered in the physical world at night, spending the
day in the Dreamtime.

Kurpannga is truly horrid, a giant devil dingo larger than
a bull. Tendons and veins ripple across his bare skin. His
teeth are long and wickedly sharp. Bloody red saliva drips
constantly from his jaws.

Kurpannga is Wyld incarnate, a powerful Jagegling of
revenge created by the medicine men of the Mulga-seed
tribe. The Hare-wallaby people, the Mala, had arrived at
Uluru to initiate their young men into manhood. The
Wintalyka, or Mulga-seed men, heard of this. They sent
their messenger, the bellbird Panpanpanala, to invite the
Mala to a ceremonial dance, and asked them to bring some
material for body painting. The Mala, angered by this
request, sent only white ash and an uncivil reply. The
Mulga-seed people urged their medicine men to take re-
venge for this slight. Thus Kurpannga was created, and
went and slew many of the Mala. Today, Kurpannga haunts
the Dreamtime around Uluru. He bears a passionate hatred


for all strangers. His anger toward the Garou has inexplica-
bly intensified in recent years.
Rage 10, Gnosis 9, Willpower 9, Power 70

Charms: Airt Sense, Frenzy (Power cost 0; Kurpannga
can frenzy as a Garou, gaining all benefits and disadvan-
tages), Lupus Gifts (Power cost: 2 per level of Gift; Kurpannga
may employ any lupus breed Gifts), Materialize (Power cost
30; Str 6, Dex 5, Sta 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Bite: Str +1,
Claws: Str +2, Health Levels: 14), Reform
Mimi

Tall, thin earth-spirits, the Mimi are so fragile that they
dwell within rocks least they be swept away and broken by
the wind. They are a shy and secretive race of hunters,
creeping out of their rocks on still days to dig for yams and
slay small game. The Fianna believe that the Mimi are of
the Fey folk and only act like spirits.

Mimi stands approximately eight feet tall. They have
stick-thin bodies, long arms and legs, and large eyes and
ears. Their fingers are reminiscent of a bunch of twigs.
Their eyesight and hearing are exceptional. They resemble
elongated caricatures of Aboriginal people.

The Mimi live in tribes in Northern Australia, favoring
for their homes rocky areas with many gullies and caves.
Their paintings can be found adorning many rock art
galleries in the area. Skilled trackers and hunters, they
employ spears and shields to great effect. They live inside
rocks and caves, which shelter them from the wind.
Willpower 6, Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Earth Swimming (Power cost 5;
the Mimi can pass through earth and stone. If attacked, or
if the wind blows, a Mimi uses this Charm to conceal itself
in ahandy boulder.), Materialize (Power cost: 10; Str2, Dex
4, Sta 2, Spears: Str +2, Health Levels: 7)

Yadubi

Nadubi are Wyrm-spirits who steal children and poison
trespassers and wrongdoers with their spines, inflicting a
slow and painful death.

If the Nadubi are feared by the Garou, it is not because
of their imposing physical stature. Nadubi are four feet tall,
with long, spindly arms and legs. Their skin is coal black,
resembling charcoal. A Nadubi's face is a featureless ex-
panse of wrinkled skin. Nadubi emit a rattling, coughlike
cry despite having no mouth. Sometimes a Nadubi will
carry a wooden spear and bark shield. Long spines protrude
from a Nadubi's elbows and knees. Nothing remains of a
slain Nadubi's body but a pile of charcoal.

Nadubi congregate about Wyrm caerns and places where
the Wyrm has won a great victory (or where the Garou have
suffered a great loss), Aboriginal medicine men created
wards to keep Nadubi away from the tribes in years past,
although today such knowledge is lost.

Willpower 7, Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost: 12; Str 3,
Dex 2, Sta3, Brawl 4, Spear: Str +1, Shield: +2 soak, Health

IN Vora sy weit

YY . SS
‘hag

iN

Ht

Levels: 7), Poison Spines (Power cost: 5 per attack; the
poison injected by a Nadubi's spine after a successful Brawl
attack is fatal, even to Garou. The Garou may be cured with
the Gift: Resist Toxin, or if she can somehow gain the favor
of a major spirit with healing powers, but otherwise the
poison is invariably fatal.)

Yargun

Nargun are earth-spirits, formed of rock yet alive. They
are immensely strong and, despite their ponderous appear-
ance, are capable of surprisingly rapid movement.

Nargun appear as large boulders when still or asleep, but
when angered or active can be seen to have short, powerful
limbs, dark, hollow eyesockets, and strong jaws. When
angry, a Nargun moves as quickly as the elemental fire that
gave birth to it. The cry of a Nargun is lonely and terrible,
and can sometimes be heard ringing out in the night across
the plains of the Dreamtime.

When the Dreamtime was formed, the Nargun were the
first creatures to be born. Fire is their dreaming, and attracts
Nargun. Unwary travelers in the Dreamtime who light fires
may find a boulder hunched by their campfire in the
morning. Nargun are slow to anger and spend thousands of
years asleep or listening to the pulse of the earth. They are
enemies of the Ninya, and have more than once melted the
Ice Men or sent them shrieking back to their windswept
caverns.

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9, Power 40
110

RageAcrossAustralia

AA PS SLT DT RT TY,

Mt kt

ia

a

ia

Ai \ ae Cre .
RMiees aD 5 SS CAN .

yor

aN) (ean ,

j
~ | Se

SOR

Charms: Airt Sense, Cry of the Nargun (Power cost 5;
all who hear this cry lose Willpower equal to the Power
cost), Fire Armor (Power cost 10; the Nargun raises the
temperature of the rock from which it is formed. Flammable
objects such as grass and fur touching the Nargun will begin
to burn, while enemies striking it with natural weapons,
such as fists or claws, will suffer three Health Levels of
aggravated damage.), Materialize (Power cost 14; Ser 5,
Dex 2, Sta 6, Brawl 2, Health Levels: 10), Reform

Yigarang

Ngarang are malevolent spirits that dwell in the roots of
ancient trees. Malicious and dangerous, Ngarang are the
Wyrm-corrupted kin of the Turongs.

Negarang are tall and emaciated, with long hair and
beards. Their arms, though wiry, are hideously strong.
Their blackened skin resembles bark that has been scorched
by fire.

Ngarang live in the swellings of large trees in southeast-
ern Australia. Their long arms reach out and pull unwary
hunters into the boles of their homes, so they can feast upon
the sweet flesh of man. The Ngarang were once Turongs,
but were seduced by Black Spiral Dancers, who fed them
human flesh.

Willpower 7, Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost 14; Str 4,
Dex 3, Sta 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Claws: Str +1, Health
Levels: 7), Ringbark (Power cost 10; the Ngarang slowly

|

|

"N

kills the tree in which it lives. Over a period of weeks the
tree will wither, lose its leaves and die. The bare skeletons
of trees killed in this way are always twisted into painful
shapes.)

Kinya

The Ninya are a race of Ice Men, once Wyld Jagglings,
but long since corrupted by the Wyrm. When the great
glaciers crept over Gaia, the Ninya roamed across Austra-
lia. Here, they were captured by the Wyrm.

The Ice Men resemble Aboriginals, but have pale skin
and ice crystals for beards and hair. All Ninya are male.
They speak in angry, grinding voices like glaciers grating
over rock, and have white blood. Ninya are made of ice and
scatter frost about them as they walk. Fierce heat melts
them, leaving behind only a slowly evaporating puddle.
Ninya live in terror of the Nargun, whose fires can melt
them.

The Ninya were birthed by the Earth Mother when the
world was formed. They dwell in a network of caverns
beneath Mount Connor, near Uluru. Long ago the Ninya
were corrupted by the Wyrm, and they are now in league
with the Black Spiral Dancers. The Ninya hope that when
the world has fallen to the Wyrm, they will be allowed to
build glittering mountains of ice and frost like those that
covered the earth in the Ice Age. When one of their
number dies, the Ninya mourn his passing greatly, for no
new Ninya have been born since the world began.

Willpower 6, Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost 12; Str 2,
Dex 3, Sta 3, Brawl 3, Ice Spear: Str +2, Health Levels: 7),
North Wind (Power cost 5; summons a swirling, discon-
certing gale, which gusts about the Ninya's opponents,
distracting them and causing them to lose two dice from all
actions), Hoarfrost (Power cost 8; this powerful Charm
creates a freezing blast of arctic air, causing thick frost to
grow on nearby surfaces; a victim attacked with Hoarfrost
loses two dice from any action involving Physical At-
tributes, as she becomes numb with cold. Used by several
Ninya at once, over a prolonged period, this Charm can
bury victims, or an area, in thick ice.)

Potkurok

Potkurok are mischievous frog-spirits who delight in
playing tricks on the unwary. They inhabit all manner of
waterways.

Potkurok stand shoulder-high to most humans. Their
emerald-green skin is moist like that of an amphibian.
Potkurok have wide faces, wise yellow eyes, and enormous,
constantly smiling mouths.

Potkurok inhabit springs, streams and any place where
the water is clean and flowing. These Gafflings are inquisi-
tive and often seek the company of others. They enjoy
playing jokes upon anyone and everything, but have a
particular fancy for tricking the Garou, and are always

a

- ‘ Te .
SEAR GY ad ‘
v x 7 rl


delighted if they can drive a Garou to frenzy. They are not
malicious and never try to injure their victims, although
their pranks against Garou have become increasingly cruel.
Potkurok are becoming rarer as Australia's waterways be-
come polluted. Their totem is Tiddalik, the Frog Spirit.

Willpower 3, Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Disappear (Power cost 3; similar
to the Ragabash Gift: Blissful Ignorance, allowing the
Porkurok to become invisible at will), Ignorant Dreaming
(Power cost 5; the Potkurok can create illusions to fool
those who are not specifically on their guard against the
spirits), Materialize (Power cost: 6; Str 1, Dex 2, Sta 1,
Dodge 4, Health Levels: 7)

Curong

Turongs are Wyld, whimsical tree-spirits that dwell
along Australia's east coast. On windy nights their high-
pitched, trilling calls may be heard, and the Turongs
themselves may be glimpsed leaping from tree to tree, long
limbs outstretched and gray beards floating.

Turongs resemble gnarled, ancient men, although they
are no taller than children. Their beards and hair are gray
and flowing; their limbs are long and knotted. Turongs
have skin like rough, peeling bark, and bright, mischievous
eyes.

Turongs dwell in trees all along Australia's east coast.
They live in the branches and leap from tree to tree like
monkeys. They hiss and throw twigs at unwelcome visitors
who walk beneath their boughs, and, if especially angry,
may drop heavy branches onto those below. Turongs are
tricksters, although not especially efficient ones. They hate
Ngarang with a passion. Possums are their- allies, and
Moodai the Possum is their totem. The Fianna speculate
that the Turongs, like the Mimi, are Fey.

Willpower 7, Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Sense, Materialize (Power
cost 12; Str2, Dex 4, Sta 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Spear: Str +1,
Health Levels: 7), Vengeance (Power cost 10; the Turong
can unerringly track down anyone who cuts down the tree
in which it lived)

Wa-tha-gun-darl

The Wa-tha-gun-darl are diminutive Bulldog-ant people.
Great builders, they are among the few Weaver-spirits
found in the Dreamtime.

Standing [6 inches high, the Wa-tha-gun-darl are antlike,
with glossy black skin and thin limbs. They have dark eyes
and heavy brows, and speak in short grunts. Wa-tha-gun-
darl carry small hunting clubs and hunt in swarms.

The Wa-tha-gun-darl dwell in sprawling tunnels close
beneath the surface, usually in the Dreamtime's areas of
temperate bushland. Their constricted tunnels wind through
tree roots and the warrens of rabbits and wombats. Wa-tha-
gun-darl are Weaver-spirits, and employ small traps and
snares to catch prey. Larger animals are overcome by furious

|


yY

Li

swarms of the Bulldog-ant people. They have a hivelike
society, share a mass mind, and are aggressive in defense.
When a single Wa-tha-gun-darl is in danger, all members
of its community are instantly aware of the peril, and rush
to their comrade's rescue.

Willpower 6, Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Power 10

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power cost 1; Sta 1,
Health Levels: 1), Swarm (Power cost 1; to use this Charm,
there must be many Wa-tha-gun-darl present. For each
Wa-tha-gun-darl who spends the required Power, the group
gains a cumulative Strength and Dexterity of 1. This
Charm is usually used to pull large targets down to where
the Bulldog-ant people can restrain them. Often, the hap-
less victim is dragged to a Bulldog-ant nest, to be held down
and slowly and painfully bitten to death), Tunnel (Power
cost 1; the Wa-tha-gun-darl can dig complex tunnels and
build elaborate underground homes using this Charm.)

Wyrm-Beasts of the
(Dreamtime

When Australia was formed by the Incarna of the
Dreamtime, several great Wyrm-creatures worked with
them. Before the breaking of the Triat, these Wyrm-beasts
maintained the balance between Weaver and Wyld. With
the Wyrm changed from the restorer of the balance to the
unmaker, these emissaries of the Wyrm also became de-
stroyers. Many of the Wyrm-beasts could not be slain,
despite the valiant efforts of the Bunyip and their Aborigi-
nal allies. These monsters still live, entombed beneath the
Nullarbor by the magic of the Bunyip and Aboriginal
Dreamspeakers. Now that the Bunyip are gone, the chains
of sorcery that bind the Wyrm-beasts begin to fray.

Animals of the Dreamtime

The Dreamtime is home to many animals. A variety of
species extinct in the physical world still thrive in the
Dreamtime. These animals are spirits and cannot manifest
in the physical world (except for the Great Beasts, which
may be called through the lupus Gift). As well as the
creatures described below, the Dreamtime is also home to
huge crocodiles, 30-foot-long pythons, marsupial lions, and
giant penguins and flamingoes, as well as numerous native
species described in the Geography chapter.

(Diprotodon

Diprotodons are hippopotamus-sized herbivores from
the Pleistocene epoch. They have immensely strong claws,
which they use to dig for plants and uproot small trees.
Diprotodons inhabit lightly forested areas where there is
ample food and some shelter. Adult diprotodons fear no
predator, for there are none of sufficient size to tackle them.

Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor

Chapter Five: TheDreamtime

TE

(Dromornis

Dromornis are enormous, flightless birds resembling emus.
They stand over four meters tall. Also from the Pleistocene,
dromornis dwell on open plains where they have a clear view
of approaching predators. The birds live in small family groups
of up to five adults and three young. When threatened, a
dromornis stands its ground and attacks with beak and 12-inch
claws.

Willpower 5, Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Power 15
Charms: Airt Sense

Giant Kangaroos (Great Beast)

These giant versions of modern kangaroos can stand over
12 feet tall when balanced on their tails. Giant kangaroos
inhabited Australia at the same time as the diprotodon and
dromornis, but now exist only in the Dreamtime. Giant
kangaroos are herbivores, but, when threatened, kick with
their hind legs.

Willpower 6, Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, The Great Leap (as the Silent Strider
Gift)

© Materialized Form (when summoned with the Gift: Song
of the Great Beast):

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Perception 1

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3

Attacks: Bite (Str; diff. 6), Hind Leg Kick (Str +2;
difficulty 6)

Health Levels: 10

113

L

Megalania (Great Beast)

A true monster, the megalania is a huge, heavyset lizard
that grows up to 25 feet long. The reptile lies in ambush
beside waterholes, making a short dash and hamstringing
its prey, which it then devours at leisure. Also a scavenger,
the megalania will eat almost anything, rending it with
muscular jaws.

Willpower 7, Rage 10, Gnosis 4, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor

© Materialized Form (when summoned with the Gift:
Song of the Great Beast):

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Percep-
tion 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Stealth 3

Attacks: Bite (Str +2; diff. 5), Claws (Str + 2; diff. 6),
Grapple (as the Garou maneuver)

Armor: +4 to soak dice

Health Levels: 12

Thylacine

Thylacines are described in great detail in the Geogra-
phy chapter. They are found throughout the Dreamtime,
except for desert regions. They have remained prolific in
the Dreamtime because of the complete absence of intro-
duced spirit species (including dingos).

Willpower 5, Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Power 15

i

Charms: Airt Sense, Bite (Power cost: 1; because of the
tremendous width to which thylacines can open their jaws,
they do +2 damage when attacking with their Rage),
Grapple (as the Garou maneuver; use the thylacine's Will-
power to hit and Rage as Strength. This represents the
thylacine's jaw lock with its immensely wide jaws), Sneak
(Power cost: 2; the thylacine is hard to see. Roll the
thylacine's Willpower against a difficulty of 6. Anyone
trying to find the thylacine must beat the thylacine's
successes. )

Che Bunyip

The Lost Tribe

They are weaker than we. They are lost children, hardly
closer to their mother than the other lost children whose names
we do not speak. What is a Garou that does not howl? The name
of Bunyip should not be spoken here.

~- Wyrmbaiter, Red Talon

They are stronger than we. They have been here for a long
time and know much that we do not. There is a great deal they
can teach us, yet much that they know we will never understand.
Do not be frightened of them, and yet do not believe that you are
always safe with a Bunyip.

-—— Trust, Stargazer

The European Garou were correct in claiming that the
Bunyip were different from them, but their assertion that
the Bunyip were not Garou could not have been more

Pay»

«

St La

¥ KTR 6) '.

WT ores

/


a A"

wrong. Australia's indigenous Garou were closer to Gaia
than were their immigrant cousins. The Bunyip, in their
centuries of solitude, had become peaceful creatures. Far
from participating in the atrocities of the War of Rage, the
Bunyip rarely fought or argued. They were more solitary
than other Garou, shunning a pack existence and living in
isolation. They met occasionally for moots, or corroborees,
and these they often shared with their human Kinfolk,

Ly another custom that shocked the European Garou. The
Bunyip did not revere Luna, but sang of Meeka the Moon.
They wandered the Dreamtime freely and entrusted its
legends to the Aboriginals. The Bunyip were the authors of
many Australian Aboriginal myths, and guardians of the

Aboriginal spirit.

The Bunyip were physically different from their Euro-
pean brethren, which also caused the Europeans to fear
them. Their Lupus form was that of the thylacine: smaller
and slower than a wolf, but more agile. In Crinos form, the
Bunyip were large, but not so muscular as other Garou,
being more sinewy and lean. The dark stripes on their backs
were particularly vivid, as were their strong jaws and heavy,
muscular tails. Ever alert, the Bunyip were able to stand still
and calm for hours on end, even in their Rage-filled Crinos
form. The Homid forms of the Bunyip were usually dark-
skinned Australian Aboriginals, their hair deep brown to
black, their eyes dark. The Bunyip were uneasy with their
Rage, and although they were capable (as are all Garou) of
channeling its force into constructive aggression, they
believed their Rage to represent the Wyrm's corruption of
their spirit. Every Bunyip spent her life in isolation, wres-

Hing with her Beast and attempting to control or at least j = NN
understand It. "NN BRAN -

The Bunyip stepped freely in and out of the Penumbra,
allying with many spirits and creatures of the Dreamtime.
European Garou who tracked the Bunyip were surprised to
find their trail meandering in and out of the Penumbra
seemingly at random. Indeed, some Bunyip were confused
by the concept of a Gauntlet at all, being unable to
understand the Garouw's distinctions between Dreamtime
and Gaia.

Being peaceful creatures, and unaccustomed to war, the
Bunyip avoided those foreigners who sought them out.
When the Bunyip could avoid them no longer and had to
fight, their Rage, held back for so long, surprised even
themselves with its ferocity. If the Europeans had found the
Bunyip frightening in times of peace, nothing had prepared
them for the Bunyip enraged.

Gifts of the Bunyip

The European Garou who fought the Bunyip found them
clever and elusive foes, in part because of the unique Gifts
the Bunyip possessed. It may be possible for Garou to learn
these Gifts during the course of a chronicle, if they can
placate and ally with a Dreamtime spirit powerful enough
to teach them.

(a


¢ Dreamwalk (Level One) — The Bunyip's connection
to the Dreaming is great, allowing them to enter and exit
the Penumbra with ease. This Gift was taught by any
Dreamtime-spirit.

System: At night, under the moon, the Bunyip can
temporarily reduce the Gauntlet in her immediate area by
two, for herself only, if given an uninterrupted minute of
concentration. Any Bunyip with this Gift has no need of a
reflective surface to step sideways.

* Leap of the Kangaroo (Level One) — as the lupus
Gift.

¢ Surface Attunement (Level Two) — as the Stargazer
Gift.

* Possum's Feet (Level Two) — This Gift is identical
to the Lupus Gift: Catfeet, except that it is learned from
possum-spirits. This Gift may explain the athletic feats
performed by captive thylacines.

* Bunyip's Boom (Level Three) — The Bunyip is able
to emit a loud, mournful, booming call that echoes through
the surrounding countryside. This Gift is taught by servants
of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun the Bunyip.

System: The Bunyip spends on Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Performance (difficulty 7). Those in earshot of
the call are cowed, losing Willpower points equal to the
Bunyip's successes (and probably fleeing the area). This
Gift may only be used once per scene against each target.

¢ Landspeak (Level Three) —- The Aboriginal people
of Australia are said to sing the land; an explanation for
such stories is the Bunyip's ability to hear the speech of the
Earth. This Gift was taught by servants of the Rainbow
Serpent.

System: The Bunyip must crouch and put his ear to the
ground, making a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6). The number of
successes indicates the radius in miles inside which the
Bunyip hears what is happening on the land's surface. If the
Bunyip also spends a Gnosis point and makes a successful
Past Life roll (difficulty 8), he can hear sounds from the
land's past. The information available will be scant at best,
but it is possible to listen to sounds of many years ago if the
land has some reason to remember them.

* Gnaw (Level Four) — as the Lupus Gift.

¢ Guardians of the Dreamtime (Level Four) — As
Australia's guardians, the Bunyip were given special powers
over the land. This Gift is one of the reasons the outback
Gauntlet remained low in Australia for a longer time than
in the rest of the world. This Gift is taught by a servant of
the Rainbow Serpent.

System: The Bunyip can automatically step sideways at
night, without the need for any reflective surface. Further-
more, the difficulty of any attempt to step sideways is one

. lower than normal. Also, for each point of Gnosis the

Bunyip spends, he may reduce the Gauntlet in an area by
one for anumber of hours equal to his Intelligence + Rituals
Dice Pool. In the past, Bunyip would lead foes into the
Penumbra (by lowering the Gauntlet to nonexistence),
then abandon them there.

116
Lh ———

© Bloody-Mindedness (Level Five) — The Bunyip
gains the ability to dedicate himself to one particular task,
be it combat or an artistic endeavor. Nothing will sway the
Bunyip from that task. This Gift is taught by servants of
Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun the Bunyip.

System: The Bunyip spends two Willpower points.
Afterward, nothing save death can distract or dissuade the
Bunyip from her chosen task. She need not eat or sleep. If
the power is used in combat, the Bunyip becomes oblivious
to any other opponents and consequently may not dodge
their attacks. Her soak Dice Pool versus these attacks,
however, is doubled. Versus the chosen opponent, the
Bunyip gains one extra attack per round, and the difficulties
of all actions against that target are reduced by one. She also
becomes immune to supernatural attempts to dissuade her.

* Billabong Stride (Level Five) — The Bunyip may
enter any body of fresh water and, after completely sub-
merging herself, emerge from the waters of an utterly
different lake, stream or river. The destination must be
known to the Bunyip, and she must have actually bathed in
that water before. This Gift is taught by servants of Mu-ru-
bul Tu-ru-dun the Bunyip.

System: The Bunyip must spend two Gnosis points.

Che Spirit Cribe

The brutal destruction of the Bunyip tore Australia's
indigenous Garou from the cycle of life and death. So great
was their anger and shock at being slain that many Bunyip
believed Gaia had abandoned them. Instead of passing on
to her womb to be reborn, the Bunyip remained in the
Dreamtime, vindictive spirits haunting the Penumbra.

Ghost Bunyip's power is drawn from the Underworld,
the Dark Umbra where the spirits of humans go after their
death. The Bunyip, however, are not wraiths, but a unique
spirit tribe. Rather than dwelling in the Underworld, they
feed upon the death energies emitted by it, allowing them
to exist as ghosts in a Realm at the edge of the Penumbra.
Their great anger over their unjust destruction poisons the
Dreamtime, turning the spirits and the land itself against
the Garou.

Ghost Bunyip, despite the atrocities committed against
them, have not turned to the Wyrm. Nonetheless, the
Bunyip have lost much of their peaceful nature. They prowl
the Dreamtime in Lupus, Hispo and Crinos forms, gaunt,
pale and transparent. Their eyes burn with spectral fire, and
their mouths gape frighteningly wide, hungry for revenge.
They rarely speak save to emit their coughing bark, a
dirgelike cry of suffering and hatred. Solitary creatures even
in life, the Bunyip now shun their own kind lest they be
reminded of what they have lost and confronted with what
they have become. They prowl the Moon Paths of the
Penumbra, slaying or driving mad those Garou they en-
counter. Sometimes Bunyip will form a temporary pack in
order to raid a caern, stealing the spiritual energy they once
guarded in order to warm their cold hearts.

RageAcrossAustralia

tiny 2/,


tite

The Bunyip Ghost Garou

Willpower 8, Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (see below), Reform,
Tracking, and the Bunyip Charms listed below.

* Materialized Forms: When a Bunyip Materializes, it
retains some of the shapeshifting abilities it had in life. The
Trait changes listed in parentheses correspond to the differ-
ent Garou forms (Glabro/Crinos/Hispo/Lupus), and it costs
the Bunyip only one Power point to shift forms.

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Abilities: Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Intimidation 4, Stealth 5

Attacks: Bite (Str +1; diff. 5), Claws (Str + 2; diff. 6),
Jaw Lock (as the Garou combat maneuver)

Health Levels: 7 (the Bunyip may spend one Power
point per turn to regenerate Health Level damage)

Yew Bunyip Charms

As well as retaining the tribal Gifts they possessed in life
(usable at a Power cost equal to the level of the Gift), Ghost
Bunyip, because of their wraithlike existence, may employ
the following charms. They also possess the traditional

Y spirit Charms of Airt Sense, Materialize and Reform.

Chapter Five: TheDreamtime

OLA. PS ET TT tiene /,

¢ Control Dreamtime: This is not so much a Charm as
a consequence of the Bunyip's innate connection with the
Dreamtime. Even when they were alive, the Bunyip were
closer to the Penumbra than were other Garou; as spirits,
they are now virtually one with the spirit world. When a
Bunyip ghost is near, Dreamtime plants, animals and the
earth itself become agitated and hostile, expressing and
amplifying the rage and loss of the Bunyip. Garou will be
attacked by maddened beasts and lashed by foliage; even
the landscape will rise up against them in the form of
earthquakes, sandstorms and sudden torrential rain. This
does not cost Power.

* Drain Gnosis: This is the Charm the Bunyip ghosts
use to attack caerns that were once theirs but are now in the
hands of other Garou. It takes many spirit Bunyip to affect
a caern. Given time, Bunyip can lower the level of a caern
through a direct appeal to the caern's totem. This takes a
total of 25 Power points per level drained.

With this Charm, an individual Bunyip can also steal
Gnosis points from Garou they encounter in the Dreamtime,
at a Power cost of 10 (the Gnosis points then become Power
points for the Bunyip).

* Induce Harano: Not all Bunyip ghosts possess this
Charm; many are too full of Rage to utilize this power

effectively. The calmer Bunyip spirits, however, especially _

those who were murdered in particularly brutal ways, are
able to express the injustice and folly of the War of Tears to
any who will listen. Garou hearing their heart-rending
moaning must succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or
be overcome by a sense of guilt and futility, losing all
temporary Willpower and motivation. Those already close
to Harano tip over the edge into an abyss of hopelessness
and self-hatred from which death is the only escape. This
costs 10 Power points.

© Shape Moon Path: The Bunyip can make Moon Paths
disappear, stop dead, change direction, turn in circles, and
otherwise alter. Garou who find themselves on a Moon
Path affected by this Charm are liable to become lost in the
Penumbra, but can make Intelligence + Enigmas rolls
(difficulty 8) to recognize the tampering and retrace their
path. Nothing can make the Moon Path return to its
original direction until the Charm has expired. Ghost
Bunyip use this power to lead Garou astray, and sometimes
lure them into obscure Umbral Realms, such as the Atroc-
ity Realm, where they are abandoned. This costs five Power
points per hour the path is warped.

* Reverse Gauntlet: Power cost 10. Ghost Bunyip can
reverse the effects of the Gauntlet with this Charm, effec-
tively trapping Garou in the Penumbra. The Gauntlet to
return to the physical world is raised by three for Garou
targets of this Charm. Garou at the mercy of the combined
Bunyip Charms: Reverse Gauntlet, Control Dreamtime
and Shape Moon Path find themselves helpless and trapped
in a hostile Penumbra. Few Garou survive such a fate once
the ghost Bunyip come for them.



The Bunyip are gone. The Garou constantly war against
the agents of the Wyrm. Pentex and its subsidiaries despoil
the environment, Banes breed in the cities, Leeches run
riot, mages conduct dark experiments in their secluded
enclaves. Gaia is under attack on all fronts. What can the
Garou do? This chapter presents the outline of an Austra-
lian chronicle, "Dreaming the Dawn," while also allowing
Storytellers to incorporate their own scenes and ideas in
the drama.

"Dreaming the .
Dawn": An Australian
Chronicle

Drinking deep of heady waters

By his Kosciusko home,

All his kindlier creed he slaughters

When mad Snowy starts to roam.

— CJ. Dennis, "Snowy on the Spree"
"Dreaming the Dawn" is designed for a pack of new

Garou who have not yet undergone their Rite of Passage.
Initially based in the Wadbilliga Protectorate, as the
chronicle progresses the characters will travel to remote
areas of the continent in service to the Jindabyne Council.
Inthe process they will create an opportunity for Australia's
Garou to reconcile themselves with the spirits of the land
and with their own haunted past.

ChapterSix: DreamingtheDawn

Mood and Theme

"Dreaming the Dawn" employs the overall theme of
Rage Across Australia, "Strangers in a Strange Land." The
characters play a pivotal role in gaining the trust and
acceptance of Australia's alienated spirits. Without an
alliance between the Garou and Dreamtime spirits, the
Wyrm will triumph. A secondary theme is the gaining of
independence, as the pack and Australia's Garou come of
age. The overall mood of "Dreaming the Dawn" is the guilt
that pervades Australian Garou. A secondary mood, coun-
terpoised to this, is hope, for the characters are the Garou's
last chance for redemption.

Setting

The Wadbilliga Protectorate, described in Chapter
Three: Geography, is home to the Silver Fangs and their
king. It is also the meeting place of the Jindabyne Council.
Wadbilliga lies in rural New South Wales, extending over
the state border into Victoria. It stretches from Mallacoota
Inlet in the south to the suburbs of Sydney in the north, a
distance of some 400 miles. Wadbilliga's eastern boundary
is delineated by the Pacific coast, dotted with fishing
villages and tourist resorts. The Kosciusko National Park
forms the protectorate's western border. The cities of
Canberra and Wollongong lie within Wadbilliga. Smaller
towns include coastal Bateman's Bay; Eden, center of a
logging industry; and Jindabyne itself.

119


\

Much of Wadbilliga consists of mountainous terrain,
granite peaks formed millions of years ago. The effects of
erosion and weathering, coupled with glacial action, sculpted
the mountains into their current form. The high alpine
plains were laid down by boulders, silt and sand eroded from
the mountains, which were exposed as the ice melted. This
melting also formed the protectorate's many lakes.

Heavy, dependable rainfall and frequent snowfalls have
birthed numerous rivers in Wadbilliga. Their chill waters
rush down precipitous slopes carpeted in gnarled and twisted
snow gums, many of them over 400 years old. In Kosciusko
National Park, snow may fall in any month of the year,
although mainly between June and October. During these
months many roads are closed by snow. The area is Australia's
most popular snow field, and tourists flock to the six ski
resorts, including Thredbo and Smiggin Holes. In summer
the high plains are grazed by cattle and explored by bush
walkers.

History

Wadbilliga has been the domain of the Silver Fangs
ever since their pastoral Kinfolk settled the area in 1821.
Squatters drove great herds of cattle south from Sydney
Town into the high plains as early as 1815, when drought
and famine at Port Jackson forced settlers to seek further
afield for grazing land. By 1851 the area was home to 3689
people, 100,000 cattle and 33,000 sheep. Tobacco, wheat
and other grains were also being grown.

120

RageAcrossAustralia

One of the first Garou into Wadbilliga was the Shadow
Lord and mystic, Doctor Lhotsky, who led an expedition
into the Alps in 1834. Here he attempted to communicate
with the Bunyip, using members of the Wiradjuri and
Krauatungalung tribes as translators, but to no avail. An-
gered, the Shadow Lord slew the Aboriginals, blaming
them for his failure to contact the Bunyip. The Bunyip slew
him in return.

The Silver Fangs moved into Wadbilliga in force during
the Gold Rush of the 1860s. After the War of Tears, the
Silver Fangs claimed Wadbilliga's Bunyip caern as their
own. The caern, which stands on 1500-meter Crackenback
Peak, overlooks the township of Jindabyne and the artifi-
cial lake thar flooded the valley during the creation of the
Snowy River Scheme. The bulk of the Snowy River's
waters now flow inland, through tunnels large enough to
accommodate double-decker buses, and hydroelectric gen-
erators 1000 feet underground, to the headwaters of the
Murray, thence to irrigate the arid lands of the Riverina,
another Silver Fang protectorate. Despite outrage from
many Garou, the Silver Fangs and their human Kinfolk
pushed the Snowy River Scheme through federal Parlia-
ment. The village of Jindabyne grew considerably, becoming
asmall city of tents and corrugated iron huts, the base camp
for workers from across the world. Many men died blasting
tunnels through the Snowy Mountains, and their ghosts
still haunt Wadbilliga.

Wadbilliga's other claim to fame is that it is home to
Canberra, the Australian national capital. Canberra was
founded in 1913, 12 years after Federation. Even before
Canberra's first foundations were laid, Wadbilliga was
home to a national assembly. Jindabyne had become the
site of a Garou council whose members represented all the
Australian tribes, save for the Bunyip. Like the Silver Fangs
whose caern they shared, the members of the Jindabyne
Council saw themselves as the leaders of the nation's
Garou.

Jindabyne

The township of Jindabyne is perched on the shores of
Lake Jindabyne, approximately three kilometers from the
dam holding back the waters of the Snowy River. The
previous site of Jindabyne now lies underwater; Jindabyne
was moved in 1960. Although the gravestones from the
original town's cemetery were moved, the bodies of its dead
were not. They lie beneath the lake's rippling surface to this
day. Jindabyne's population is 1,700, many of whom are
Kinfolk. During winter, because of its proximity to popular
ski resorts, the population can grow as high as 25,000,
housed in Jindabyne's three motels, many caravan parks,
and surrounding ski lodges and resorts.


The Crackenback Sept

Caern: Mount Crackenback, Kosciusko National Park
Level: 3
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Honor
Tribal Structure: Shared between Silver Fangs and the
Jindabyne Council

Totem: Kanau the Wedge-tailed Eagle

Home to King Darius Winchester and his Silver Fang
court, the Crackenback Sept consists entirely of Silver
Fangs. The Silver Fangs are extremely protective of their
caern and have more than once urged that the Council be
driven out, although without success. The caern stands
upon Crackenback Peak, a steep, granite mountain with a
commanding view of the Jindabyne Valley. The mountain's
southern face is sheer, plunging steeply down to Crackenback
Swamp and Wollondibby Creek. The gentler northern
slopes contain the only path to the summit, where lies the
caem proper and the meeting place of the Council.

Bavwn

The sept's bawn extends in a rough circle with an
approximately 15-mile radius (35 kilometers), centered on
Crackenback Peak. Lake Jindabyne and the township it-
self, as well as the glacial Lake Bullanbalong, Cascade Falls,
Mount Kosciusko, and the Jindabyne Pumping Station and
tunnels (part of the Snowy River Scheme) all lie within the
bawn.

Center

The caern centers around the bare height of Crackenback
Peak, a windswept expanse of crevassed, weathered granite
50 feet across, surrounded by a fringe of snow gums bowed
by the ferocity of the alpine storms. The remains of a
bonfire, kindled whenever the sept or the Council meet, lie
at the bottom of the largest crevasse. The peak is often
obscured by clouds in winter. No snow falls within the ring
of gums circling the summit. Large drifts pile up against the
boles of the trees beyond this circle.

Landmarks
Cub Island

Formerly Cub Hill, this small island was formed with the
creation of Lake Jindabyne. Cub Island is the initiation
ground of the Ngalyod Pack. To receive their Rite of
Accomplishment, initiates must swim out to the island
from the shores of the lake, a kilometer through the cold
alpine waters — the final trial of many they must face as part
of their Rite of Passage.

Mount Kosciusko

The tallest mountain in Australia, 2228 meters high,
Mount Kosciusko marks the western edge of both the bawn
and Wadbilliga. Its peak reaches above the tree line. Snow
lies on its upper slopes for much of the year. Once, Aborigi-
nal tribes journeyed here to gather bogong moths, which
hibernate in the mountain's clefts and caverns during
winter. Mount Kosciusko is today a pilgrimage site for many
Garou, who come to mourn the passing of the Bunyip, for
it was within a cave on the upper slopes of the mountain
that the last Bunyip died at Wyrmbaiter's hand.

Tiger's Hill

On the northeast slope of Crackenback Peak, Tiger's
Hill seems, in the physical world, to be an unassuming knoll
forested in snow gums. In the Penumbra it is a memorial to
the War of Tears. A 10-foot-high pile of thylacine and

Bunyip skulls stands here, ringed about by Aboriginal
burial poles adorned with ochre and clay.

Umbrascape

The Crackenback Caern's Umbrascape is a glade atop a
perilously high mountain, of which the real world's moun-
tain is but a weathered shadow. in the Penumbra, the peak
stands taller than Mount Kosciusko and affords an unpar-
alleled view across the alpine plains. Sharp-eyed Garou
claim to be able to glimpse the sea from the Penumbral
peak. The moot fire blazes constantly in the Penumbra, its


sheets of flame leaping wildly and crackling in the ferocious
wind. The gum trees ringing the mountaintop lean inward
to warm their gnarled limbs over the fire, while beyond
them, the mountain's slopes drop precipitously to the forest
below. No sign of Lake Jindabyne is visible, only the white
waters of the Snowy River, a fine thread winding through
the bushland many thousands of feet below.

Personalities of Uadbilliga
Che Silver Fang Court

The Wadbilliga Protectorate is the home of the Austra-
lian Silver Fang court, approximately 10 individuals. Of
these, the most important are described below. Visitors
from the three other Australian Silver Fang protectorates
are common.

Michelle Leaps-beyond-the-Reach-of-
the-Wyrm

The current seneschal of King Winchester's court,
Michelle Leaps-beyond-the-Reach-of-the-Wyrm is a metis
Ragabash. She is the only offspring of an illicit liaison
between her Silver Fang parents. In Homid form, she is a
tall, well-built woman of middle age, with dancing eyes and
rosy cheeks. Her Lupus form is that of a thick-set silver wolf
with black muzzle and paws. Michelle's claws are weak: her
metis disfigurement.

Although she seems faithful to her king, Michelle se-
cretly lusts after the throne. A member of the Renewal
Camp, she feels that the current Silver Fang leaders are
weak and inbred, and that despite his lineage, Darius
Winchester is unfit to rule Australia's Silver Fangs. Michelle,
of course, believes herself more suited to the task. The
Silver Fangs, however, would never accept a metis queen,
making Michelle all the more bitter.

As seneschal, Leaps-beyond-the-Reach-of-the-Wyrm is
in charge of ensuring that King Winchester's orders are
catried out quickly and efficiently. She is the most influen-
tial member of the court save for the king himself. Michelle
ensures that those of Darius's commands she finds distaste-
ful are lost or forgotten. She is a skilled diplomat and
tactician. Were she to become queen, Michelle would do
her best to revitalize the Silver Fang bloodline and ensure
that her fellow metis are no longer shunned. In these times,
she believes, the Garou need every warrior they can get,
regardless of their breed.

Cames-Spirits-with-her-Snarl
Tames-Spirits-with-her-Snarl, lupus Theurge and Sha-
man of the Lodge of the Moon, is a frustrated Garou whose
Rage is always close to the surface. In Lupus form her
pedigree shows clearly; she is slender and fine-boned, with
pale, silky fur. Tames-Spirits-with-her-Snarl rarely shifts
into Homid, but is exquisitely beautiful when she does.

122 RageAcrossAustralia

ELE PT ently //

She was born in Canada, where she learned to speak with
spirits of all kinds. Such skills came easily to her, and she
was sent to Australia to solve the problem that Australian
Silver Fangs had in communicating with the spirits of the
Dreamtime. Arriving in Wadbilliga five years ago, Tames-
Spirits-with-her-Snarl roamed the Penumbra in search of
spirits. Those she found shunned her, refusing to commu-
nicate with the haughty lupus. She became more and more
enraged, finally resorting to violence and coercion to get
her way. Tames-Spirits-with-her-Snarl has succeeded in
terrorizing some minor spirits into speaking with her, but
real progress eludes her. Recently she has had several fits of
frenzy. During these fits she has slain several Turongs,
causing the Penumbra to become even more hostile toward

Wadbilliga's Garou.

Duke Anthony Pierce

Steward of the Lodge of the Moon, Duke Anthony
Pierce is a homid Philodox with the insane plan of wiping
out Australia's entire dingo population. When in Lupus,
the Duke appears as a white-furred wolf flecked with silver,
a great ruff of fur about his thick neck. In Homid, he is a
middle-aged man with long white hair and beard. Al-
though born in Australia, Duke Anthony fancies himself as
English and speaks of all things Australian with contempt.
He considers himself superior to all Garou save other
Philodox, and believes those who have interbred with
dingos are unworthy of the name Garou. Duke Anthony
takes particular care to be called to the Riverina or Gippsland
Protectorates whenever Mamu is present in Jindabyne.

M lady Kathryn Hope

The elegant and fashionable M'lady Kathryn Hope is the
homid Steward of the Lodge of the Sun. A Philodox, she
despises blacks, Asians and all foreigners save the English,
and makes no attempt to hide her racism. Subconsciously,
she fears that the Silver Fangs have been weakened by
inbreeding, but manifests this fear as loathing of all other
tribes and "lesser races." M'lady deeply distrusts the Uktena,
who in her eyes have lowered themselves by breeding with
Aboriginals, and believes that Tjinderi Knowing-Smile
lusts after the leadership of the Jindabyne Council. Kathryn
Hope seeks to ally herself with Carla, leader of the Get of
Fenris, and cannot understand why her advances have been
rebuffed. Her family is established Kinfolk and has spawned
many Silver Fang heroes in the past, of which she is quick
to remind those who doubt or belittle her.

Nick Meads

Stubbornly referred to as Nicholas by the other Silver
Fangs at court, Nick is a homid Galliard and the Squire of
the Lodge of the Sun. Responsible for the sept's defense,
Nick is an able warrior, fit and muscular. A thrill-seeker and
risk-taker, he delights in human pursuits such as bungie-
jumping and hang-gliding, using his Garou abilities to

)


AE ERE IN in agg

wi? ff"

aot
thug
‘

excel at these activities. Nick loves Wadbilliga, spending
much of his time skiing and white-water canoeing in the
protectorate. He is irritated by his Silver Fang comrades,
considering them boring and arrogant. Nick often teases
the members of Darius's court to the point of frenzy,
vanishing into the Penumbra when they become enraged.
He looks forward to Jindabyne Council meetings, as he is
deeply attracted to Tjinderi Knowing-Smile, his opposite
in so many ways, finding her secretiveness irresistible. Nick
has vowed to protect her from Mamu should the Red Talon
ever attack her.

Others

Wadbilliga is home to others beside the court of the
Silver Fangs and the Jindabyne Council. These wild cards
are discussed below.

Diana Wentworth

Diana Wentworth is a 12th-generation vampire of Clan
Gangrel. Always a headstrong girl, she took great delight in
slipping away from her family and her chaperone when
mortal. Diana grew up in the late 1800s, when a belief in
Spiritualism and faeries was common among educated
people. Having read Arthur Conan Doyle's works on the
subject, Diana was quite sure that she would encounter
faeries in the Australian bush. Instead, one night in the

Chapter Six: DreamingtheDawn

YE PS ET ET tniemey //,

*
*.

Dy) A

"Ua be *

Blue Mountains, to which her parents had come for a
holiday, she met a vampire.

For the last century Diana has roamed the high country,
gradually making her way south toward Jindabyne, feeding
upon cattlemen, skiers, bushwalkers, and animals as she
went. Free of the restrictions of Victorian society, she revels
in her vampiric nature. Diana disdains clothes as a mortal
affectation. She is slender and pale, with long, blond hair.
Her skin, while flawless, is smeared with moss and dirt.
Diana has climbed Mount Kosciusko by starlight and swum
naked in icy alpine streams. As a wolf she has howled her
joy to the moon from the highest peaks of the Snowy
Mountains.

It was in wolf form that Diana encountered Darius
Winchester, the Silver Fang king, one frosty winter night.
Unknown to all, the pair have become lovers, although
Darius cares more for her than she does for him. At first
Darius truly believed Diana was another werewolf, and
evenas his suspicions grew, his growing infatuation blinded
him to the truth. When Diana finally revealed her true
nature to him, Darius had gone too far to care. If their secret
were ever revealed, Darius would be humiliated and might
even be forced to abdicate. Diana would be amused. Be-
cause of her affection toward Darius, Diana has promised
not to feed upon any Silver Fang Kinfolk, nor to embrace
any fledglings within Wadbilliga's borders. Despite the

123


years that have passed since she became a vampire, Diana
is still willful. She begins to entertain the prospect of
Embracing a Garou.

Snarls-at-Shadows

A lupus Ahroun, this rogue Shadow Lord is rarely seen
by any other Garou save for those in her small, multitribal
pack. Snarls-at-Shadows was exiled from the Tasmania
Protectorate after arguing with Vlad Volaschky over the
beauty of the Australian wilderness, which he despises
unless it mimics the terrain of Europe. She fled to the
mainland, taking refuge in the rugged terrain of the Snowy
Mountains. In Lupus form Snarls-at-Shadows is a jet-black
wolf, with muscular forequarters and blazing green eyes.
Her Homid form, on the rare occasions she assumes it, is
that of a tall, tanned woman in her early 20s, with thick
black hair falling to her waist.

Snarls-at-Shadows has taken it upon herself to keep the
high country free from the incursions of apes and their tame
beasts. In particular, she preys upon the mountain cattle-
men and their herds. Her attacks upon cattle have been
blamed on dingos, and local herders have taken to shooting
dingos on sight. She and her pack: Blood-in-the Snow, a
Red Talon Theurge; the homid Ragabash Gift-of-Death, a
renegade Child of Gaia; and Nyx Sporades, an outcast
metis Black Fury Ahroun, have also begun to harry skiers
and their communities, going so far as to destroy construc-
tion equipment destined for the building of new ski resorts.

Radical ecoterrorists have been blamed for these increas-
ingly violent attacks.

Recently, Snarls-at-Shadows and her pack have become
aware of the suffering spirit of the Snowy River, bound and
weakened by Weaver-spirits. Although Snarls-at-Shadows
has been unable to communicate with the river spirit, she
believes it is close to death. Her true purpose in keeping the
Snowy Mountains free of humans is the hope that the
Snowy River's spirit will ally itself with her and her pack.
Even in its weakened state, Snarls-at-Shadows believes
that the river spirit could greatly increase her power,
perhaps even allowing her to oust Vlad Volaschky from the
Jindabyne Council and take his place.

The Jindabyne Council

Council Members

Black Furies: Wungala Rose has sat on the Council for
more than 20 years. Her concerns are for humanity, espe-
cially women, and she supports the Glass Walkers implicitly.
She is a close friend of Innana; although she considers some
of the Child of Gaia's actions foolish, Wungala is quick to
defend her. Wungala is considering approaching Tjinderi
Knowing-Smile to consult her about the Namarrkon Caern,
but still hesitates to do so, due to certain disturbing rumors
she has heard concerning the Uktena.


a

Bone Gnawers: Mother Pasta is proud of her tribe's
position and does little to endanger her seat on the Council.
She is the most conservative member, giving her opinion
only when she sees where the majority opinion lies. The
Shadow Lords wish her gone, and she feels the safest course
is supporting suggestions made by the Glass Walkers. Mother
Pasta has offered her support to young Monash End-to-the-
Darkness, and always arranges to sit beside him at Council
meetings.

Children of Gaia: Cernonous and Innana alternate as
representatives on the Council. Neither is a particularly
active member; Innana is often distracted by her visions,
while Cernonous has more important things to do with his
time. Both are outspoken in their support of the Glass
Walkers and quick to remind others that, apart from them-
selves, only the Glass Walkers' claws are free of Bunyip
blood. The two Children do not see eye to eye, and their
often contradictory positions on issues have frustrated the
other Councilors.

Fianna: Fingal Flashing-Claws is growing senile, and
most Council members are waiting for him to die. He wastes
much time in bitter dispute with Darius Winchester and
will never support any motion the Silver Fang suggests,
even if he secretly agrees with it. His strong influence over
human political affairs is well known, and Don Mephisto
does his best not to antagonize him. Fingal considers all
Stargazers tainted with corruption and demands that
Monash be impeached from the Council. He is supported in
this by Vlad Volaschky.

Get of Fenris: Although Carla Grimsson resents being
labeled a racist, she grits her teeth and bears any insults. She
is intelligent enough to see the importance of the Jindabyne
Council. Although Carla is disliked by Wungala Rose and
Innana, all respect her intellect. She respects the two
women and has considered informing them of her true
beliefs. Carla often sides with Mamu against the Uktena,
which adds to her reputation asa hothead, but she considers
all arguments carefully.

Glass Walkers: Don Mephisto is the eyes and ears of the
Glass Walker Board and manipulates the Council to fur-
ther his tribe's aims. He is likable, and offsets the traditional
prejudices many hold against his tribe with his open de-
meanor and ready smile. He is a master of diffusing tension,
and puts an end to most arguments with a joke and a soft
word. He plays Fingal Flashing-Claws against Darius, Darius
against Vlad, and Vlad against Mamu, Mother Pasta and
Darius, the better to further his power.

Red Talons: Mamu's sole reason for continuing to
attend Council meetings is to convince his peers of the
need for Total War against humanity. Aggressive and rude,
he belittles and abuses Tjinderi Knowing-Smile constantly,
and tries to bully the young Monash into supporting him.
Mamu is insecure at Council meetings, for he knows that
his position is constantly threatened by others of his tribe.
Mamu is the only lupus on the Council.

Chapter Six: DreamingtheDawn

Shadow Lords: Those rare Council meetings Vlad at-
tends are tense and angry events. Vlad constantly derides
the Council for being weak and ineffectual, notably Mother
Pasta, who he believes should not be on the council at all.
The other Garou respond by arguing that Vlad does not
spend sufficient time in Australia to justify his Council seat.
Only the threat of losing his position forces Vlad to attend
meetings. Vlad considers the youthful Monash End-to-the-
Darkness an upstart pup. He supports Fingal Flashing-Claws
in this, and lends his weight to Mamu's words when the Red
Talon belittles the Stargazer.

Silent Striders: Grek Twice-Tongue, thrust onto the
Council by spirits, seems to serve some unknown destiny.
His decisions are unpredictable and frustrate other Council
members, save for Innana. He has no clear agenda that the
other Councilors can determine. He attends every Council
meeting but does not always speak. He has begun to harass
Tjinderi Knowing-Smile concerning the wandering
Wendigo, Joseph Blows-with-the-Wind, and has more
than once suggested that, being the only Wendigo in
Australia, the youth should be given a Council seat. This
proposal has been met with horror by Carla and Mamu,
with joy by Mother Pasta and Monash, and with tentative
approval by Don Mephisto.

Silver Fangs: Darius Winchester treats his Council
position very seriously. He is involved in every discussion,
never missing an opportunity to express his opinion. Darius
believes that only Cernonnous, of the two Children of
Gaia, should attend future Council meetings. He is well
aware that Fingal Flashing-Claws and Vlad Volaschky
despise him. He trusts Don Mephisto asa strong ally. Darius
spends much of his time attempting to draw Grek Twice-
Tongue out, privately believing that the spirits must have
chosen Grek to further Darius' own goal.

Stargazers: Monash End-to-the-Darkness is still finding
his paws on the Council. Buffeted by the arguments of his
political superiors, he has weathered his first year well,
thanks to the somewhat vague guidance of Innana, Voice
of the Goddess. Monash is disturbed by Mother Pasta's
attentions, although he does not know why. He spends
much of his time at meetings fending off Fingal and Vlad,
who wish him gone, and defending his tribe against those
who claim the Stargazers no longer deserve a protectorate
of their own.

Uktena: Tjinderi Knowing-Smile knows that her posi-
tion is tenuous. She must defend herself from members of
her own tribe, particularly her chosen successor, as well as
her rivals on the Council. Mamu and Carla both despise
her, for Uktena lands border protectorates of both their
tribes. Tjinderi argues that the Glass Walkers and Stargaz-
ers should surrender their protectorates to mcre responsible
management, and points out that the Uktena have demon-
strated themselves capable of such care.


Sere serve nen

Council Meetings

The Jindabyne Council meets every season, although
emergency meetings may be called at short notice. An
empty place is left at each Council meeting in honor of the
Bunyip. Council members are chosen by their tribes, and
only tribal members may dismiss a Council representative.
Decisions are reached by consensus, which means that
Council meetings are protracted affairs, punctuated by
arguments and barely repressed rage. Disputes are invari-
ably won by the Garou with the loudest voice. Only the
presence of opposing Garou of similar strength prevents
Council meeting from complete domination by any one
member. It is forbidden for Council members to fight one
another while the Council sits. To date no member has
been killed during a Council session. The Jindabyne Coun-
cil has the power to call any Garou in Australia to give
evidence before it. Each representative vows before Gaia to
enforce the Council's decisions in his or her own protector-
ate, from which comes the Jindabyne Council's power. Of
late, the Council has made few decisions, and has failed to
ensure that the decisions it has made have been adhered to
in the continent's remoter areas.

The Ngalyod Pack

The Ngalyod Pack is named in honor of Ngalyod, the
great totem spirit of the Bunyip. Its existence symbolizes
the role of the Bunyip as guardians of the land, a role the
Jindabyne Council has inherited by default. The members
of the Ngalyod Pack are chosen from among Australia's
many Garou. Honor, Glory and Wisdom all influence the
Council's decision when choosing new members of the
Ngalyod Pack, although Glory is least valued. In the eyes of
the Council, Honor and Wisdom matter more than vain-
glorious deeds.

Traditionally, Garou are chosen to serve the Ngalyod
Pack for 10 years. At the end of this time, a new pack is
formed. If pack members are killed, replacements are cho-
sen by a special meeting of the Council. Appointments to
the Ngalyod Pack have sometimes been made more for
political reasons than because of the skill and renown of the
appointees, weakening the pack's effectiveness.

The pack is invested in a complicated ritual that takes
place on Cub Island, in Lake Jindabyne. The new members
must swim a kilometer through icy water to the island,
where the Council members await them, seated around a
ceremonial fire. The investiture takes the form of an Ab-
original initiation, beginning with the extinguishing of the
fire. Next, the ritemaster daubs the pack members with
blood and ochre, and cuts them with a shard of bone.
Charcoal is rubbed into the wounds to ensure that they heal
as raised scars. The ritemaster then uses a large stone to
knock out a front tooth of each pack member. This symbol-

12

Jy

oie er armas cer nara Loaloras

izes the coming of age of the pack members, and the loss to
Gaia of the Bunyip. It is considered unseemly to show any
pain during any part of the initiation.

Next, the story of the War of Tears is retold, with the
new Nealyod Pack taking the part of the wronged Bunyip.
At the end of the initiation the bonfire is rekindled, and
each pack member is given a brand to carry, as all present
dance wildly about the island, howling Ngalyod's name to
the stars.

After its members have been invested, the Ngalyod Pack
is sent to do the bidding of the Council and to ensure that
its edicts are followed. In "Dreaming the Dawn," the
characters become the Ngalyod Pack, traveling on Council
missions from Tasmania to Cape York.

Members of the Ngalyod Pack traditionally carry fe-
tishes, made many years ago by a powerful Theurge, as asign
of their authority. In addition, various Bunyip fetishes are
ritually passed from pack to pack. These include:

The Shield of Kurburu: (Level 2, Gnosis 6) This bark
shield allows its bearer to seem more impressive and threat-
ening while it is carried, adding two points to her Expression,
Intimidation and Leadership.

Bulun-Bulun's Spear: (Level 4, Gnosis 4) Fashioned
from the wood of the ironbark tree, this spear inflicts

Cr

40066
Sine ve


aggravated damage upon its target. In addition, Material-
ized spirits struck by the spear will be thrown back into the
Umbra and must spend their Power cost to use the Materi-
alize Charm again.

Narran-Ngemba Sticks: (Level 2, Gnosis 5) These two
simple sticks, when tapped together, rhythmically drown
out other sounds. Supernatural Gifts and abilities that must
be heard to be effective are useless while these sticks are
being played.

Djarada's Heart: (Level 4, Gnosis 6) This small lump of
fossilized sap is blood-colored and vaguely heart-shaped. It
is kept wrapped in a cord of possum-fur. When tightly held,
it increases the bearer's Empathy and Appearance by two,
making him desirable to all, regardless of age or sexual
preference. It also heals aggravated damage when passed
across a wound, at the cost of one Gnosis point per level.

A Nameless Stone: (Level unknown, Gnosis unknown)
This flat, fist-sized stone is of an unknown rock. Its smooth
face is carved on one side with a representation of the
Rainbow Serpent. Its origin and purpose are mysteries, but
tradition demands that it be carried by the Ngalyod Pack at
all times.

The Stories

The nine stories below form the framework for "Dream-
ing the Dawn." Storytellers are encouraged to include their
own stories and encounters, set in Wadbilliga and else-
where, in between those provided.

Introduction: Che Visions of
Grek Twice-Congue

A special meeting of the Jindabyne Council is called to
choose members for anew Ngalyod Pack. The old pack has
disappeared. They traveled into the Penumbra ona council
mission six months ago and have not returned. The previ-
ous pack, composed almost entirely of Ahroun, had seen its
role as a military one, fighting Pentex subsidiaries and
Black Spiral Dancers. During its tenure, relationships with
Dreamtime spirits worsened. For days the Jindabyne
Council's members have argued about the membership of
the new pack without reaching a decision. Late last night
Grek Twice-Tongue arrived in Jindabyne. He has been
sent a vision in which the identities of the new pack
members — all young Garou, all untried — were revealed
to him. Desperate for resolution, and sick of argument, the
Council agreed to Grek's nominees. These Garou pups are
the player characters.

Spirits of Dengeance

This adventure introduces the characters to Australia's
Garou and the attitude of the spirits toward them. The
characters are summoned by the leaders of their respective
septs and told that they must present themselves to the

ChapterSix:DreamingtheDawn

LZ ———

Jindabyne Council. No explanation is forthcoming. When
they arrive at Crackenback Caern, Grek Twice-Tongue
hints that some great destiny lies before them, although he
cannot see it clearly. Before they are invested with the rites
and fetishes of the Ngalyod Pack, the characters must
undergo their Rite of Passage. This mission is given to them
by Darius Winchester. He explains that the spirits of
Thorpdale, a small town in eastern Victoria, are angry.
Garou traveling through the area have been harried and
harassed. The characters are commanded to journey to
Thorpdale and determine what has disturbed the spirits.

Thorpdale is a sleepy town nestled ina steep-sided valley
in the Strzelecki Ranges, in the Silver Fang protectorate of
Gippsland. Its population is 500. Thorpdale's Aboriginal
people, of the Kurnai tribe, were massacred by white settlers
early in the region's history, leaving few survivors. A short
time ago the last member of the tribe, Alice Utemara Price,
was murdered by her husband, Doug, the owner of
Thorpdale's main hotel. Doug Price, a white Australian, is
a surly alcoholic. He killed Alice in a drunken rage. Her
body is buried in the hotel's basement. Price has told the
regulars who drink in his bar that Alice has "gone
walkabout." He acts the role of the betrayed husband,
claiming he took Alice in and treated her with love, when
in reality she was no more to him than a slave and a body
on which to slake his lust.

Alice meant far more to Thorpdale's spirits; they are
enraged by Alice's death. They flit through the town, and
their howls echo in the Dreamtime. They have stirred up
the spirits of the Kurnai, who previously lay peacefully on
their corpse platforms in the Penumbra (they are not
wraiths, bur ephemeral shadows of the Kurnai who once
lived, left behind by their unrest). The-Garou must reinter
Alice's corpse in the traditional manner of her people and
avenge her murder by killing Doug Price. Their task is
complicated by the presence of Sir Rodney Snipe, an insane
Silver Fang living in his family home on a hill overlooking
Thorpdale; and Murulami, an Aboriginal Dreamspeaker
with a passionate hatred of Garou.

Sir Rodney Snipe spends most of his time talking to his
dead mother. He occasionally drives his Rolls-Royce into
Thorpdale to drink gin and tonics at the Price Hotel, where
he may be met by the characters. Once he realizes there are
other Garou in town, Sir Rodney invites the characters to
his home. The walls are hung with guns and trophies. Sir
Rodney proudly tells the characters that his ancestors were
the first settlers in the Thorpdale area. In the process of
bringing the benefits of civilization to the district, many
Aboriginals were killed, and the most rebellious spirits were
imprisoned ina spirit drum, which he still owns. Characters
with the Gift: Spirit Speech will be able to hear the trapped
spirits moaning within the drum, but communication with
them is unless the drum is broken, thus releasing them. The
freed spirits will gratefully lead the Garou to the Dreamtime
grove of ancient gum trees where the spirit-bodies of the
dead Kurnai lie upon their corpse platforms, cradled in the

127

ieeiemey //,


ts

boughs of the trees. The Aboriginal ghosts still bear the
wounds of their violent deaths.

The Dreamspeaker mage Murulami has sworn an oath to
destroy the Garou. To this end, he uses his magicks to
enhance the distrust spirits feel toward the Garou. He
hopes to create open warfare between spirits and Garou. In
Thorpdale, Murulami has persuaded the spirits to attack
any Garou that enter the region. The Dreamspeaker does
not enter the town, but lurks in an area of swamp and thick
trees on its outskirts. Using his extensive bushcraft, he
avoids all who would speak with him. Murulami plans to
kill Sir Rodney, confronting him with the ghosts of the
dead Aboriginals and driving the already unstable Silver
Fang completely mad. It is his hope that Sir Rodney will
frenzy, openly attack the people of Thorpdale, and be killed
in the process.

The Weeping Sun

Thisstory introduces the characters toa major Dreamtime
figure and intimates the close connection between the
physical and spiritual realms. Returning to Jindabyne, the
characters are formally invested as the Ngalyod Pack. Ac
the end of the ceremony, they are given the pack's tradi-

tional fetishes. Many are missing, lost with the previous

incarnation of the Ngalyod Pack. Those remaining are the
weakest, spurned by the missing Ahroun, who favored
weapons of might. Among the fetishes is a small, flat stone
bearing a carving of the Rainbow Serpent. As one character
takes the stone, she is assailed by a powerful vision. She sees
a thylacine fleeing from a huge, black wolf. It runs into a
cave whose walls are adorned with Aboriginal art. The
vision ends as the thylacine turns at bay to confront the
wolf. Fingal Flashing-Claws suggests that Bartholomew
Wise-in-the-Ways-of-the- Wyrm, a scholarly Fianna of the
Hunter Valley Protectorate, may be able to interpret the
vision.

Arriving at Bartholomew's isolated Blue Mountains
cabin during a sudden, unexpected total eclipse, the char-
acters find him readying to leave. Bartholomew agrees to
listen to their tale if the pack accompanies him on a
Penumbral journey, which, he casually mentions, involves
"rescuing the sun." The Negalyod Pack travels with the
enigmatic Fianna into the fossil-rich Jenolan Caves, which
run deep beneath the Blue Mountains. Gnowee the Sun
has become lost in the Dreamtime reflection of the caves,
led astray by Black Spiral Dancers, who lured her from her
nightly path by lying to her that her son is trapped in a far
cavern. The Dancers hope to lead the Sun into a distant
tunnel, where a vast, sluglike Wyrm beast slumbers. The
arrival of Gnowee will break the enchanted sleep placed
upon the creature by the Bunyip centuries before the
European invasion, unleashing it upon the world.

Bartholomew and the pack must navigate the twisting
Penumbral caves, avoiding guardian Banes and Black Spi-
ral Dancers, and find Gnowee as she enters the beast's lair.

They must convince her of the Black Spiral Dancers' ruse,
perhaps suggesting another place where she might look for
her son, in order to turn her back. Upon realizing that she
has been tricked, Gnowee's anger knows no bounds. Flame
leaps from her torch, incinerating the Black Spiral Dancers.
The Ngalyod Pack must calm Gnowee's rage, and lead her
to the surface of the Dreamtime, whereupon she climbs
back into the sky to continue her search. As she does, the
eclipse ends. The pack has made a useful ally in Bartholomew,
and he promises to look into the matter of their vision.

A Tiger by the Tail

The characters are given the opportunity to reopen an
old Bunyip caern. This story demonstrates the lack of
cooperation among Australia's tribes and shows that the
Jindabyne Council is not an absolute force in Garou poli-
tics.

Bartholomew Wise-in-the- Ways-of-the-Wyrm contacts
the pack with information regarding the vision. He be-
lieves that it has some link to Tasmania's southwest,
specifically the rainforests of the Franklin River. Hearing
this, Grek Twice-Tongue commands the pack to travel to
Tasmania and investigate. Vlad Volaschky, however, be-
comes enraged, claiming that Tasmania is his domain and
that he will not allow outsiders on the island. He threatens
the characters, but backs down when the Council, led by
Wungala Rose, unites against him. Vlad departs muttering
dark threats, leaving the Ngalyod Pack free to make their
way south to the Shadow Lord's protectorate. In Tasmania
the pack receives minimal cooperation from any Shadow
Lords they meet. Younger members of the tribe will bait
them, trying to goad the characters into attacking. Elder
Shadow Lords ignore the pack entirely, unless they are
needed to call off their hot-headed pups.

As the characters seek for the meaning of their vision
among the rugged wilderness of the Franklin River, they
discover a recently abandoned training camp, littered with
spent cartridges. The ground is marked by the prints of
many booted feet. Silver bullets are found embedded in tree
trunks. The Shadow Lords deny all knowledge of the
installation.

Murulami, the Dreamspeaker, is also in Tasmania. He
will try to avoid the characters, but the pack may be led to
his camp by magical symbols painted onto the rocks and
trees, hear the sounds of Murulami's chanting, or simply
stumble across the camp by blind chance. Murulami is
attempting to contact Boobook the Owl, totem spirit of the
lost caern. He will be hostile toward Garou who discover his
rituals, but will withdraw rather than fight. A path leads
from Murulami's camp to the cave that appeared in the
character's vision. The cavern walls are daubed with pic-
tures of Boobook. From Murulami's notes, the pack will be
able to learn that the caern cannot be reopened until the
skull of its long-dead Bunyip guardian, now a trophy of the
Shadow Lords, is returned to the cave.

RageAcrossAustraha

NS en


Traveling to Cradle Mountain, the characters are greeted
ageressively by Vlad Volaschky. He rants and raves, making
it clear that he would slay the characters as trespassers were
they not on Council business. He grudgingly allows them to
remain in the Shadow Lord protectorate. However, he
assigns Fyodr Krasyevts, a slow-witted but burly young
Ahroun, to watch over them. From Fyodr, the pack learns
that the Bunyip skull is kept at the Shadow Lord caern on
the peak of Cradle Mountain. The pack must distract Fyodr
long enough to sneak into the caern and steal the skull.
When they return the skull to the cave, the caern becomes
active, and Boobook appears. Boobook the Owl will be-
come the Negalyod Pack's totem in gratitude for their
resurrection of her caern.

Her parting words are to warn the characters that many
spirits will mistrust and perhaps even attack them, for the
memory of the death of the Bunyip is still strong in the
Dreamtime. Boobook tells the characters that they are
servants of Ngalyod and bear the Rainbow Serpent's seal;
that, and that alone, may save them.

Newfound Caern

Caern: Frankin River, Tasmania
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 5
Type: Wisdom

yf Tribal structure: Jindabyne Council
Totem: Boobook the Owl

Back in Jindabyne, the Council will hotly debate as to
who should take responsibility for the Franklin River Caern.
Eventually they decide, perhaps at the pack's suggestion,
that it will be administered directly by the Council them-
selves. This unprecedented decision earns the pack Vlad's
undying enmity.

Lightning Dreaming

This story is primarily one of conflict and action. The
Council sends the Ngalyod Pack to Amhem Land, protec-
torate of the Black Furies, at the request of Wungala Rose.
Arriving characters are met by Climonestra, a lupus Theurge;
Wungala has been called to Kangaroo Island by Aphrodite
Delphius of the Outer Calyx. The pack is warmly wel-
comed, but warned that only female characters are allowed
into the center of the Black Fury caern. Climonestra
explains that the Namarrkon Caern is inactive and that its
guardian spirit will not speak to the Black Furies. She asks
the characters to try to contact Namarrkon. Climonestra
will be their guide during their stay in Arnhem Land, and
proves an outgoing, passionate and idealistic companion.

The pack has no success in contacting the lightning
spirit until the outbreak of a fierce tropical storm. During
the tempest, Namarrkon manifests, but speaks only to male
characters. He is a fickle spirit, emotional and unpredict-
able. He agrees to reopen his caern on the provision that
the characters help him destroy a blight on the landscape
of Kakadu: the Ranger Uranium Mine. When the charac-
ters present this demand to the Black Furies, the tribe is
thrown into turmoil. The older members of the sept argue
against force to achieve this goal, suggesting that a peaceful
protest and petitions would be appropriate. The younger
Black Furies, led by Climonestra, believe the mine has been
tolerated too long. The argument rages all night around a
huge bonfire, but eventually the peaceful Furies prevail.
Climonestra frenzies and charges off to attack the mine
single-handedly. Torn apart by the Priests of Pollution,
Climonestra's cadaver is delivered to the characters the
next day in a truck from Ranger. The sight of her ravaged
corpse enrages even the most peaceful among the Black
Furies.

The mine is well defended by the Priests of Pollution, a
Black Spiral Dancer pack, as well as by numerous fomori
and trained security personnel. They are equipped with
sophisticated weaponry, and some carry silver bullets. Be-
cause of the peaceful nature of the Black Furies, the Priests
of Pollution are not expecting an attack. Possible allies in
the assault upon Ranger include the local dingo popula-
tion, who may be recruited by a lupus character. A Black
Fury will bitterly suggest the Gumagan, mythical crocodile
men, saying that a task as impossible as closing the mine can
only be achieved with the help of nonexistent creatures. If
the characters take it upon themselves to look for the
Gumagan, they find none, only sullen Aboriginals who say
they have heard of the Gumagan but do not believe they

ChapterSix:DreamingtheDawn 129

AAA PS ET Ss ET enter 2/,


| :

exist. One might as well believe in shapechanging dingas,
they add.

Namarrkon will aid the Garou as they attack, sending a
supernatural storm to pound the open-cut mine. The battle
will be fierce, causing the deaths of many Black Furies. The
characters must battle Darren Mate-of-the-Wyrm, who
personally seeks them out amid the chaos. Ifhe is bested, he
dies defiant. "This is just a skirmish," he coughs. "The real
battle is yet to come — the sleeper will fall to the Wyrm."
At the height of the fray, the characters see Father
Moonscreamer, who has so far combated the ravages of
Namarrkon with his own Gifts and bound spirits, fall victim
to a huge crocodile (or is it a dinosaur?), which pulls him
under the waters of the tailings dam. The characters find no
evidence of his body, and are left to ponder the legends of
the Gumagan.

Che Ghost Who Howls

As the characters prepare to depart Arnhem Land, a
message from the Council arrives for them. The Sept of the
Waking Dream has been attacked. (Details on this sept can
be found in the Werewolf sourcebook, Caerns: Places of
Power.) Several of its members are dead, another hopelessly
insane. The Ngalyod Pack is commanded to travel to
Katajuta with all haste. This story pits the characters
against a fearsome Dreamtime foe, and hints at the involve-
ment of something even more sinister. Young members of
the Sept of the Waking Dream, the guardian pack led by the

130

RageAcrossAustralia

PLL PS TT iio //,

lupus Biting Fang, have been attempting to awaken the
Rainbow Serpent, guided by the spirits of the Wintalyka,
the Mulga-seed people. Unknown to them, the Wintalyka,
suspicious of outsiders, have tricked the pack into reenact-
ing the rites with which they created Kurpannga, the
vengeful Devil Dingo. Now Kurpanngastalks the Dreamtime
and the outback near Katajuta. He has already slain the
pack who summoned him, and more will die unless the
characters can lay him to rest.

Runs-with-Ghosts, leader of the Katajuta Protectorate,
greets the pack cordially but with reserve upon their arrival.
A solemn young Aboriginal woman in Homid form, Runs-
with-Ghosts is one of the few Uktena who welcome
outsiders. She is a strong leader; once she has decided on a
course of action, she cannot be swayed. Runs-with-Ghosts
offers the pack the hospitality and freedom of her sept. Not
all the Uktena agree with her. In particular, the Gatekeeper,
Bathes-in-Blood, is notably hostile toward the pack. She
was a close friend of Biting Fang, now dead, and the pack
must gain her trust in order to piece together the mystery.
Bathes-in-Blood despises Shadow Lords, and condemna-
tion of this tribe by the characters goes some way toward
impressing her. She is also a staunch believer in the sanctity
of caern and sept, and will be less suspicious of Garou who
uphold such values. If the pack cannot impress her in any
other way, Bathes-in-Blood will respect any who can best
her in a fight. Once they have gained her trust, she will tell
them of Biting Fang's hope of awakening Negalyod. It was a
secret they shared, she says, and now that secret has killed
him, although she cannot imagine where he would have
gained the knowledge to attempt such an action.

The sole surviving member of Biting Fang's pack is the
lupus Ragabash Wanambi. She is completely mad and can
no longer shift out of her dingo form. When the characters
visit Wanambi, they find a broken shell of a Garou, her
tawny hide covered in countless wounds, many of them
self-inflicted. The sight of her own reflection, or the ap-
pearance of any dingo Garou, drives Wanambi into a
terrified frenzy. If the pack attempts to force her into
speaking, Wanambi snaps and flees into the desert. Under
no circumstances will she enter the Dreamtime. Unless the
pack follow her, Wanambi soon falls victim to Kurpannga.
Her half-eaten corpse is found the next morning by Leaps-
the-Wind, the remaining sept guardian. The body is
surrounded by huge dingo tracks, which disappear into the
Dreamtime. If any of the sept members are questioned
about such tracks, they tell the pack that many strange
tracks have been found in recent months. Runs-with-
Ghosts believes that such tracks are the spoor of the
Bunyip, whose revenants, she says, haunt the outback,
although few have seen them.

Inthe Dreamtime, the Uluru cave where Biting Fang was
slain is inhabited by the spirits of the Wintalyka. These
Aboriginal ghosts are bitter and angry, for their land has
been taken from them. If the characters promise the Mulga-
seed people that their caves will not be used by other tribes,
notably their traditional foes the Mala, the Wintalyka may


tell the Ngalyod Pack about Kurpannga. If the pack angers
the Mulga-seed people, they will call Kurpannga to attack.
Only if the characters hold up the stone bearing the carving
of the Ngalyod and brandish it before Kurpannga will the
Devil Dingo back down.

The pack may be able to negotiate some settlement
between Runs-with-Ghosts and the Wintalyka. Promises
by the Uktena to forbid anyone entering their cave, tourists
and Garou alike, will pacify the spirits. lf the Mulga-seed
people are appeased, they will call Kurpannga and enact the
ritual to dismiss him.

As the pack rests following their success, Runs-with-
Ghosts comes to them angrily, telling them that Kurpannga
has slain again. The more hot-headed Uktena, Bathes-in-
Blood among them, are set to march upon the Wintalyka's
cave. Kwik-Kwik, the diminutive lupus Keeper of the Land,
has been killed, and his body dumped in the Glade of
Ancestors, the center of the Katajuta Caern. Runs-with-
Ghosts begs the pack to reenter the Dreamtime and confront
Kurpannga. When they return to the cave, they hear
snuffling and whining coming from within. The glow of
baleful eyes can be seen in the darkness. The characters
discover that it is not Kurpannga they face, but the ghost of
a Bunyip in thylacine form, fresh blood on its impossibly
gaping jaws. It leers at them, hate and sorrow strong in its
eyes. As the ghost dissolves into the darkness, it whispers,
"Watch for the Rainbow," then is gone.

When the characters return to inform the Uktena of
Kwik-Kwik's fate, they are told that one of the Devil's
Marbles, rumored to be the eggs of the Rainbow Serpent, is
missing from its site near Tennant Creek. The Uktena are
frantic and furious, and the characters depart with no
thanks from the sept. If they investigate the Devil's Marbles,
they find Garou-like pawprints dotting the area, and may
sense the corruption of the Wyrm lingering at the site. Tire
marks lead south. Black Spiral Dancers, working with
Pentex operatives, have stolen the boulder as part of a plan
to awaken the Rainbow Serpent, as the characters will soon
learn.

Shadows on the Mountain

This story involves the pack in the struggle to save the
spirit of the Snowy River itself. Back in Wadbilliga, the
characters are summoned by Don Mephisto to a special
meeting of the Council. No'iri'n Ni'Dhonaill has chal-
lenged Fingal Flashing-Claws for his seat on the Council.
The Council members sit in grim silence as the fight ensues.
The battle is short but bloody. No'iri'n's youthful vigor
proves stronger than Fingal's wisdom and experience. With
a blow of her klaive, the young Fianna splits Fingal's jaw,
and his corpse lands at Innana Voice-of-the-Goddess's feet.
Don Mephisto, in a strained tone, accepts No'iri'n as the
new Fianna member of the Jindabyne Council, but derides
her for spilling Garou blood at Crackenback Caern.

L

As Fingal's body is dragged away, Grek Twice-Tongue
explodes into a rare rage, deriding the Council as posturing
fools who would bicker with one another in the face of the
Wyrm. [f no other Garou will attempt to save Wadbilliga
and the Snowy River, he screams, he will do it alone. This
said, Grek turns and limps down the mountain. A shaken
Darius Winchester orders the pack to follow and protect
the elderly Silent Strider.

Grek leads the pack into the heart of Kosciusko National
Park. This is the territory of Katya Snarls-at-Shadows and
her small pack. They surprise the Ngalyod Pack and Grek,
rising out of the snow to surround them. Katya greets the
pack coldly, making it clear that she does not recognize the
authority of the Jindabyne Council. She then asks them
their business. Grek, silent until now, reveals himself as a
Council representative and demands that Katya let them
pass. A challenge may ensue, with one of the characters
standing in for Grek. Nyx Sporades fights on Katya's behalf.
If the characters are victorious, Katya and her pack will
listen to Grek Twice-Tongue's story.

Grek recently returned from the tunnels of the Snowy
River Scheme. The extensive tunnels, a complex system
stretching for more than 100 miles, are infested with Black
Spiral Dancers. They are killing the spirit of the Snowy,
already weakened by the many turbines and irrigation
systems through which it flows. The Black Spiral Dancers
have dammed the Dreamtime reflection of the Snowy

ZO:


River, choking it with the webs of the Weaver and pollut-
ing it with their own foul effluents. "While we Garou sit
by," Grek says bitterly, "one of Australia's greatest rivers is
dying." Katya sullenly apologizes to Grek Twice-Tongue,
dedicating her pack to his service in this matter. Impa-
tiently, Grek leads the combined packs to the nearest
entrance to the tunnels, the Murray 1 Hydro-Electric
Power Station. The human guards are no match for the
Garou and will suffer the effects of the Delirium.

Once in the tunnels, Grek steps sideways, urging the
characters to follow him. In the Penumbra, the Garou are
confronted by Weaver-spirits, spawned by the huge tur-
bines that generate electricity from the Snowy. At Grek's
direction, the characters sweep away many of the blockages
in the river, eventually reaching the huge dam, which is
built and defended by Black Spiral Dancers. The servants
of the Wyrm hide in side tunnels, charging out to ambush
the Garou as they reach the blockage. As the uneven battle
progresses (the Garou are outnumbered two to one by the
Black Spiral Dancers), a member of the Ngalyod Pack
notices a rock within the dam hunch closer to the earth, as
if disturbed by the combat. The rock is a sleeping Nargun,
and if the Garou can wake it, the ancient spirit will fight the
Black Spiral Dancers, lumbering toward them and crushing
them beneath its bulk. However, the dam, weakened by the
Nargun's absence, begins to collapse during the combat,
possibly with deadly results. At the height of the combat,
the spirit of the Snowy River itself rises up, roaring and

au
a
Wa

4: Sh

ho mii me
VB weu

ri

At a@aeti«

23 wi

is

wild, sweeping all before it. Grek urges the characters to flee
before all are drowned. They emerge, blinking, into the
sunlight, to discover that the Snowy River has burst its
banks, flooding the upper stretch of the Murray. Many
humans have drowned, and countless farms lie submerged
beneath the river's muddy waters.

Hope in Delirium

In this story, the pack confronts Leeches and Pentex,
who are manipulating a Garou for their own ends. The
Jindabyne Council, shaken by recent events, questions the
Nealyod Pack closely regarding its contacts with Dreamtime
spirits. The Council may even demand that the pack
manifest its totem, or other spirit allies it has gained, in
order that all the Council may benefit from the pack's
activities. After this close scrutiny, the Ngalyod Pack is
asked to handle a simple matter for the Council, while the
Councilors consider what the pack has told them.

Publicly, the Jindabyne Council asks the Ngalyod Pack
to journey to Brisbane to find the Red Talon Rage-in-the-
Streets and bring him before the Council, that he may be
questioned as to his involvement in the drug trade, which
risks the Veil. After the meeting, Mamu privately asks the
pack to kill Rage-in-the-Streets, for he has brought dis-
honor upon his tribe. He should, Mamu snarls, be allowed
to die with honor, even if he has lived with none. Just before
they leave, Innana, Voice of the Goddess takes the charac-
ters aside and asks them to take Rage-in-the-Streets to
Nimbin, that the Children of Gaia may heal and purify
him, before bringing him to Jindabyne.

{n Brisbane, the Ngalyod Pack will have difficulty find-
ing the errant Red Talon. More than likely, they will seek
him as a Lupus, sniffing around Brisbane's wild dog packs
and hunting in parks and gardens. Not until they look for
him in nightclubs and live music venues will the pack
succeed in finding Rage-in-the Streets, although the trail
leading to him is convoluted. In Homid, Rage-in-the-
Streets goes by the name Martin Rage; it is common
knowledge among punks and clubbers that he deals in
drugs. He has a reputation for high-quality merchandise
and a foul temper. Of late, "Martin Rage" has been dealing
a new designer drug, Space. A powerful hallucinogen,
Space seems similar to LSD, but far stronger. Users claim
that Space allows them to see their lives as if from orbit. If
the characters think to Sense Wyrm while talking to a
Space user, they will detect a low, but definite trace of
corruption. Persistent inquiries about Space allow the pack
to discover that frequent or heavy Space users are cata-
pulted into a violent and self-destructive frenzy.

Although the pack will not initially find Rage-in-the-
Streets, they will make contact with a small and nervous
Brisbane pack, led by Felicia Quest-for-the-Moon, a homid
Philodox and Child of Gaia. She tells the pack all she
knows about Space. The drug creates a bridge to a Wyrm
Anchorhead Calumn in the Near Umbra. The Wyrm's


influence then gradually pollutes the user, driving him to
depraved acts. Felicia believes Space is manufactured by
Pentex, but has no proof, although she suggests that
Brisbane's Sabbat may know more, as that sect has allied
itself with Pentex in the past. Of late, she says, the two have
fallen out. Felicia Quest-for-the-Moon asks the Ngalyod
Pack, once it has completed its task in Brisbane, to travel
north to Eungella. The Stargazers are dying, she says. Bereft
of Gaia's love and abandoned by the spirits, one by one they
fall victim to Harano. Of all Australia's Garou, only the
Negalyod Pack can save them.

Garou who roam Brisbane's nightclubs inquiring about
drugs will attract the attention of the police, and through
them the Sabbat. These anarchic young vampires will
present themselves before the characters peacefully, but
threateningly. They are not looking for a fight, but will
throw their full strength against the Garou if need be.
Leather-clad, pierced and tattooed, the Sabbat are every
parent's nightmare taken to an extreme. They are led by
Skin-Job, who delights in wearing human faces as masks.
Among the questions they ask is why the pack are looking
for Rage-in-the-Streets. The Sabbat talk about the Red
Talon almost as if he were a friend, or at least a business
partner. Depending on whether the characters choose to
fight the Sabbat or agree to a tense discussion, the vampires
will take the Ngalyod Pack before their archbishop, Camille
of Clan Lasombra.

Archbishop Camille explains that she made a deal with
Pentex Australia's Chief of Operations, Jeffery Blight.
Pentex would manufacture Space, and the Sabbat would
distribute it in return for Pentex helping the Sabbat to
conquer Perth's Camarilla. Pentex has gone back on its
word, and Camille is eager for revenge. She tells the pack
that Rage-in-the-Streets is Pentex's Space dealer, and that
he can be found at Pentex's Gold Coast headquarters,
where the drug is manufactured. In addition, Archbishop
Camille warns the Ngalyod Pack that, through Pentex, she
has learned that the Black Spiral Dancers are up to some-
thing big. Ordinarily she dismisses the Spiral Dancers as
harmless religious lunatics, but this time, she says, whatever
they're planning is about to hatch.

Pentex's Gold Coast headquarters is a moderately tall
office building of glass and steel. In the Dreamtime, it rears
as a tower of sinew and bone, oozing pus onto the surround-
ing landscape. The building is guarded by a Pentex First
Team, supported by a human security force. If these de-
fenses are penetrated, the pack find Rage-in-the-Streets in
a drugged state, unable to move. The building is also a
manufacturing plant for Space. Having defeated the secu-
tity forces, the Garou should be able to destroy the Space
plant and escape with the drugged Red Talon. Depending
on what they do with the wretched lupus, the pack will gain
the gratitude and enmity of various Council members.
Felicia is grateful for the pack's help and offers to escort
them to the Web of the Dreaming Hands, caern of the
Stargazers. Perhaps there they may learn more of the Black
Spiral plot.

Chapter Six: DreamingtheDawn

Y atin tein, /,

The Edge of Despair

In this story the Ngalyod Pack has the opportunity both
to rescue an entire tribe from the brink of destruction, and
to learn more of its fate, foreseen by Grek Twice-Tongue.
Arriving at Carnavon Gorge, the Ngalyod Pack is met by
Monash End-to-the-Darkness. Monash is grateful for the
pack's arrival, for his tribe is full of despair. It is all he can
do to keep them from Harano. When the characters tell
Monash what the Sabbat told them, he suggests they sleep
in the Web of Dreaming Hands during a new moon. The
next Ragabash moon is in three days time. Monash asks the
characters to stay until then, and to help him raise the
morale of his tribe. As Monash falls silent, a gunshot rings
out. Rushing to the Stargazers' den, the characters and
Monash find that Cherri Backward-Glance has killed her-
self, blowing her brains out with a shotgun. Indira
Songs-of-Sorrow begins wailing, and Chisolm There-is-
no-Hope runs out of the camp, crying that he will be dead
by dawn.

To save the Stargazers, the Ngalyod Pack must use the
special trust they have gained among Australia's spirits to
contact Fog, the caern's totem. If the Garou talk to Fog,
convince the spirit of the hopeless state of the tribe, and
show Fog that the Stargazers mean the spirits no harm, the
totem spirit will begin to speak with the Garou again. Fog
will return some purpose to the Stargazers' existence by
dedicating them to defend nearby Hinchinbrook Island
from tourist development. On the third night of the pack's
sojourn in Eungella, Monash leads them to the twin trees of
the Web of Dreaming Hands. Nestled in the caern, they
quickly fall into a comfortable sleep. As the night passes
they share a series of strong and powerful visions.

They see: a stone falling from a black hand toward a still
lake, but shattering upon the water's surface rather than
sinking; the same hand squeezing life froma river; a rock red
as the desert, red as blood, bursting open to birth a vile
worm; a rainbow arcing over Mount Kosciusko, but turning
black as it reaches its zenith and falling as a foul rain upon
the alpine plains; a great white wolf slain by a dagger hurled
from the dark; the snow gums that ring Crackenback Caern
wilting and dying before a southern gale. The Storyteller
may add other visions as she sees fit.

If the Ngalyod Pack cannot understand these visions,
Indira Sings-of-Sorrow can help them gain understanding.
She interprets the visions as a cry from Gaia, arising from
a Black Spiral Dancer plot to corrupt the land. The Dancers
are near their goal. Whatever it is they plan, itseems closely
linked with Jindabyne. She urges the Ngalyod Pack to
return to Jindabyne with all speed.

The Awakening

This story is the final chapter in "Dreaming the Dawn."
It culminates the plots of the Black Spiral Dancers and Vlad
Volaschky. When the Ngalyod Pack returns to Jindabyne,

133


it finds the Council as before save for the absence of Vlad
Volaschky. The Councilors are working together better
than ever, now that the disruptive influence of Fingal
Flashing-Claws has been removed. Even Mamu begins to
see advantages to some of the plans formulated by Darius,
No'iri'n and Don Mephisto, which include coordinated,
multitribal attacks upon Wyrm infestations in the
Dreamtime. The Ngalyod Pack is to perform a major role in
the coming seasons, first negotiating peace, then commu-
nication and understanding, and finally establishing
cooperation between the long-estranged Dreamtime spirits
and the Garou. The Council swears to give the pack every
possible assistance it can provide. All present are disturbed
by the Ngalyod Pack's news of the Black Spiral Dancers'
plot, but agree that, in light of this new spirit of coopera-
tion, whatever the Wyrm-spawn plan cannot possibly stand
up to the combined might of the tribes.

Adding to this mood of hope is the Wendigo Joseph
Blows-with-the-Wind, who calmly asks to be given a seat
on the Jindabyne Council. He is greeted courteously, and it
seems that he will have his wish. This may be because Vlad
is once again absent from the council meeting. The Shadow
Lord has sent an apology, claiming that Kinfolk business in
Europe has called him away. He indicates that he will
attend when this has been cleared up, whereupon he will
address the Jindabyne Council concerning radical changes
to Council operations. Most Councilors take this to mean

he is disposing of another potential rival.
W

"WS
Treen *

¥,

eg

A jill

YH

vy

Suddenly, machine gun fire erupts nearby, and howls of
pain and rage echo through the alpine air. On the slopes
below, the pack beholds a scene of madness. Garou fight
Garou with klaives and claws, while black-clad, machine
gun-wielding humans fire rounds at the Silver Fang court
with deadly accuracy. The attacking force, armed with
silver, is advancing on the council. It is led by Vlad
Volaschky and an elite guard of Shadow Lords.

The ensuing fight is bloody in the extreme, with neither
side able to gain an advantage. At the height of the battle,
with Vlad and his Kinfolk close to the caern itself, Boobook
the Owl appears before the characters, fanning them with
her wings. She screams at them to follow her into the
Dreamtime, because the Rainbow Serpent itself is in dan-
ger. Boobook is accompanied by Kanau the Wedge-Tailed
Eagle, Fog, and any other spirits the pack has befriended.
This mass appearance of spirits temporarily halts the battle,
as all the Garou stare in wonder. If the characters seize the
initiative and call upon the Shadow Lords to join them in
Ngalyod's defense, all but Vlad do so. If not, Vlad's forces
surge forward, taking advantage of the confusion to cut
down the forces arrayed against them. Should the charac-
ters linger, torn between helping the Jindabyne Council
and the Rainbow Serpent, a terrible scream rings out. This
cry is so loud and terrible that all drop to their knees,
clutching their ears and screaming in agony. Overhead, a
vast rainbow begins to arc through the clouds. Don Mephisto
begs the pack to guide them.

te

(fies ae
gfe ald'

0

f

\.

}
I

\

\

Lv,


In the Dreamtime, Boobook transports the pack to the
upper slopes of Mount Kosciusko. Characters who have
traveled to the cave where the last Bunyip died will recog-
nize the site. Below them lies a small alpine lake, its waters
boiling and hissing. A horde of Black Spiral Dancers stand
around its shores, singing, howling and slashing themselves
with klaives. Their black blood falls into the lake, turning
its waters the color of night. From the center of the pool, a
huge, round boulder (recognizable as the missing Devil's
Marble) protrudes from the rippling surface, and a rainbow
arcs from a cleft in the rock. It is Ngalyod, the Rainbow
Serpent, awakened by the Black Spiral Dancers.

As the pack watches in horror, Ngalyod begins to turn
black. Blackness comes from the egg and slowly consumes
the serpent. Ringed about the lake, the ghosts of the
Bunyip, in various forms, watch impassively. The pack
become aware of another figure watching the ritual, and
recognize Murulami the Dreamspeaker. He gestures wildly,
running up to the Garou. Murulami, although bearing a
deep hatred for all Garou, cannot stand to see Ngalyod
corrupted and will help the Garou prevent it if he can. He
tells the characters that the nameless stone fetish they
possess is a scale of the original Rainbow Serpent,
uncorrupted by the Black Spiral Dancers' ritual, If they affix
it to the great snake, they can halt its contamination and
purify Ngalyod.

yy
Le

ChapterSix:DreamingtheDawn

NS a en

The characters must fight their way to their beleaguered
namesake and touch the stone to its side. If they succeed,
Nealyod regains a rainbow hue and rears into the sky,
scattering and destroying the Black Spiral Dancers.

The Storyteller must decide how "Dreaming the Dawn"
will end. If the pack fails to affix the scale or does not listen
to Murulami, then the Black Spiral Dancers may succeed in
bringing the Apocalypse nearer. The corrupted Rainbow
Serpent will ravage the Dreamtime, and such destruction
will inevitably spill over into the physical world. If the
characters succeed in saving Ngalyod, they will have averted
a great threat to the spiritual and physical realms. Perhaps
the purified Ngalyod swallows the surviving Black Spiral
Dancers, vomiting them out as White Howlers. If Ngalyod
is wounded, its blood may splash onto the gathered Bunyip
spirits, causing them to be reborn as Bunyip Garou. Ngalyod
may be so angry that it attacks the physical world, destroy-
ing many European towns and settlements. The characters
might gain Ngalyod as their true totem. If any members of
the Jindabyne Council survive Vlad's treachery, the pack
may be asked to fill che empty seats.

Although a great victory has been won (or defeat suf-
fered), "Dreaming the Dawn" doesnot conclude the Garou's
struggle to make peace with the spirits of this ancient land.
Australia's Garou must still seek reconciliation with the
ghosts of the Bunyip before the impending Apocalypse.

135

|


: UM gy
i. MEE. %

YYMly a YIN hgh!
"aby Gu, WB oO eae
iG: GO" Os

By,
eA

Wy
Ms

J
i: 0p, oSe 200"
- VPs og St as, gg

LY, hee 7, 89 oe

at . ey ; . y

Whi:

Mi

MH


Australia is a unique land, and its totems are equally
unique. Australian Garou rarely follow American or Euro-
pean totem spirits, save for the Silver Fangs and Shadow
Lords, who cling stubbornly to their old ways. Some of
Australia's tribal totems are described below.

A few of the totems listed below are considered lost
totems; they haven't been contacted since the death of the
Bunyip. It would be considered a great honor to find one of
these totems and ally with it. All members of the first pack
to do so successfully will gain seven points of Wisdom. As
yet, however, no Garou has even been able to find these
totems, let alone ally with them.

CTotems of Respect

Ngalyod the Rainbow Serpent (Lost
Totem)

Background Cost: 8

The Rainbow Serpent was the Bunyip's chief totem and
the major Australian Incarna. Since the tribe's extinction,
Ngalyod has not contacted any other GarouNndeed, it may
be possible that Ngalyod is now bereft of power in Gaia's
Realm and exists only as a ghost in the Umbra. The
Rainbow Serpent appears as a vast, impossibly long snake;
its scales are every color of the rainbow. No one has ever
been tall or high enough to see Ngalyod's head and tail at

Appendix: DreamtimeTotems

OPED PT DO tenia //,

the same time. After a rain, the Rainbow Serpent could
once be seen arcing from one pool of water to another in the
Dreamtime. Today Ngalyod sleeps, exhausted from its grief
over the death of the Bunyip. No one knows how the
Rainbow Serpent will react if awakened.

Traits: Ngalyod gives each of her Children one perma-
nent Honor and two permanent Gnosis dots. Any pack
chosen by her will be greatly respected by Australian
Garou, although they may well earn the enmity and envy
of the Uktena, who have been trying to awaken Ngalyod for
many years. Ngalyod's Children will never be attacked by
Dreamtime spirits, although such spirits can and will de-
fend themselves if they are attacked.

Ban: Children of the Rainbow Serpent must become
parents as soon as possible, for the Rainbow Serpent is a
spirit of creation and birth.

Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dun the Bunyip
(Lost Totem)

Background Cost: 7

Bunyip was another favored totem of the Bunyip tribe,
although little known by most European Garou. Settlers,
hearing tales of Bunyip from the Aboriginals of Victoria
and New South Wales, were terrified.

Bunyip is a fearsome beast: furred, flippered and scaled,
with a long mane or beard and burning eyes. His bellow
strikes terror into the boldest of hearts. Like Ngalyod, Mu-

137


ru-bul Tu-ru-dun has been neither seen nor heard since the
death of the Bunyip tribe. When he appeared in the past,
Bunyip was glimpsed in rivers or billabongs, his whiskered
face staring mournfully up at the moon.

Traits: Bunyip teaches his Children two Gifts: Surface
Attunement (as the Stargazer Gift) and Bunyip Boom (see
Bunyip Gifts in Chapter Five). It was Bunyip who taught
the Bunyip tribe these Gifts, as well as Billabong Stride.
Ban: Bunyip asks that his Children honor him by drown-
ing one enemy each year in fresh water.

Kanau the Wedge-Cailed Eagle

Background Cost: 4

Kanau soars high over the mountains and outback on
powerful wings. Nothing escapes his sharp eyes, and the
wind whispers secrets to him as he roosts in his aerie. With
powerful claws Kanau rends his prey, hurtling down upon
it from on high.

Traits: Kanau teaches his Children Alertness 3 and the
Level Two lupus Gift: Sense the Unnatural.

Ban: Kanau demands that his Children punish all who
destroy his nests or those of his offspring.

Cotems of War

Jwai the Crocodile

Background Cost: 5

['wai the Crocodile is an old and patient Totem of War.
He prefers to lie in wait for his prey rather chan exert
himself in a chase. I'wai is swift in the kill, holding his prey
underwater with his strong jaws until it drowns.

Pwai isa friend of Otchout the Barramundi. Although
'wai's offspring eat Otchout's schools, humans who fish
8 for barramundi are often taken by crocodiles.

Traits: I'wai has a tough hide, and his Children gain
an extra die to their soak Dice Pools for each Rank they
hold. Pwai also teaches his Children Primal-Urge 3.
Mokolé will always be well disposed toward the Chil-
dren of I'wai. The Gumagan of Arnhem Land, if they
exist, reputedly revere I'wai as their totem.
Ban: As well as being forbidden to wear crocodile skin,
Vwai's Children must always help those people seeking
revenge against a foe.

Piggi-Billa the Echidna

Background Cost: 6

A totem of stubbornness and self-defense, spiny, ant-
eating Piggi-Billa is particularly loved by metis Garou, who
admire his self-sufficient character.

Traits: Piggi-Billa teaches his Children the metis Gifts
of Burrow and Spines of the Echidna (as Gift of the
Porcupine). Metis Garou who suffer the disfigurement of
Weak Claws will, upon sacrificing a point of permanent
Gnosis to Piggi-Billa, find their claws strong and healthy.

ntennleney //,


Ban: Non-metis followers of Echidna must never ridi-
cule or ostracize metis Garou. Metis Children of Piggi-Billa
have no ban.

Yongar the Kangaroo

Background Cost: 7

Yongar is an athletic totem, valuing physical prowess
and speed. He is alert and intimidating. Children of Yongar
are energetic and brave, protecting those weaker than
themselves.

Traits: Yongar teaches his Children Leap of the Kanga-
roo (as the lupus Gift). Children also learn Survival 3 and
Intimidation 4.

Ban: Yongar's Children must always protect pups and
elders from any threat.

Cotems of Wisdom

Boobook the Owl

Background Cost: 4

Boobook is a versatile bird, small and dark, with golden
eyes. Unlike other owls, she is active in the daytime as well
as at night. Boobook is difficult to see, for her plumage
allows her to blend into the foliage of the trees in which she
roosts. Her flight is swift and silent.


This Boobook teaches her Children adaptability; they
may gain temporary aptitude with any Ability, at two dots,
once per story. She also teaches her Children Stealth 3.

Ban: Boobook's Children must be adaptable and versa-
tile, never becoming set in their habits or ways.

Note: Boobook is the only Owl totem in Australia;
followers of the Owl totem (such as the Silent Striders) will
gain alliance with Boobook instead.

Bougoodroogahdah the Lyrebird

Background Cost: 5

Bougoodoogahdah is a secretive bird who mimics the
cries of other Dreamtime dwellers. He has a drab, brown
body but a spectacular tail, shaped like a lyre.

Traits: Children who follow Bougoodoogahdah gain
Expression 2 and Subterfuge 2. They also learn the Skill
Mimic, which allows them (with a successful Manipulation
+ Mimic roll) to duplicate a variety of sounds. The difficulty
varies according to the nature of the sound: 6 for another
voice, 9 for a car engine.

Ban: Children of Bougoodoogahdah must never be
flamboyant. They must dress in drab colors and may never
be centers of attention. Their performances should be
modest, always hidden from view.

Cotems of Cunning

Moodai the Possum

Background Cost: 4

Moodai the Possum is an urban totem followed by many
Bone Gnawers. A nimble and cautious spirit, Moodai
adapts well to any environment, as do his Children. The
Children of Moodai, although not respected, are often
called upon to perform tasks unsuited to other Garou.

Traits: Moodai teaches his Children Stealth 3 and
Survival 3. His Children also become adept climbers,
subtracting three from the difficulties of all climbing ac-
tions.

Ban: Children of Moodai must leave fruit and other food
for the many possums that forage in city parks.

Tulu the Kookaburra

Background Cost: 7

A staunch foe of the Wyrm, Tulu is always in good
humor, laughing in the face of death. Tulu is an intelligent
warrior and swoops down upon his prey, breaking their
backs with a flick of his powerful beak. His manic laughter
echoes across the Dreamtime. Tulu is sometimes called the
Father of the Bunyip, for it was he who spilt the Rainbow
Serpent's blood, from which the Bunyip were formed.

Traits: Children of Tulu have an irrepressible sense of
humor and never suffer from Harano. Tulu teaches his
Children Subterfuge 3 and the Gift of Laughter:

¢ Laughter (Level Three) — Children of Tulu can
cause others to realize the humor of any situation — in fact,
the uproarious hilarity of any situation. .

System: The Child spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Expression (difficulty of the target's Will-
power). If successful, the target is struck by how funny the
situation is and breaks into peals of laughter. Any attack
made by the target against the Tulu Child suffers a penalty
of three to the Dice Pool (just looking at the Child is
enough to cause the target to erupt into painfully spasmodic
belly laughs).

(Note: A character does not have to be Rank Three to
receive this Gift; any Child of Tulu, regardless of Rank, can
use it.)

Ban: Children of Tulu must kill any snake they see,
symbolic of their battle against the Wyrm. The exception
to this rule is any servant of the Rainbow Serpent.

Wyrm Cotems

Ygadu-dagali the Brolga

Background Cost: 4

A totem of Cunning, the Brolga, an elegant dancing
bird, is beloved by the Black Spiral Dancers. Ngadu-dagali
is a great seducer, and Black Spiral packs who follow
Negadu-dagali are often involved in recruitment for the
Wyrm.

Traits: Bastards of the Brolga are beautiful and may
diminish the effects of a disfigurement. The Bastards are
able to entrance enemies by rolling Charisma + Perfor-
mance (difficulty of the opponent's Perception + Subterfuge)
while performing an elaborate and graceful dance.

Ban: Bastards of Ngadu-dagali must never destroy ob-
jects of beauty.

Kendi the Frill-Necked Lizard

Background Cost: 8

Cruel Kendi is a totem of Strength. He lives in the harsh
deserts of the Dreamtime and is jealous of all those who
have more comfortable homes. His Bastards are sadistic and
posturing.

Traits: Kendi teaches his Bastards Intimidation 5 and
Survival 4. They also gain a spined neck-ruff of bone and
scale, completely protecting their throats (three extra soak
dice to attacks aimed at this area). Like reptiles, they may
regulate their metabolism by absorbing heat, acting at up to
double speed (two actions per turn) for a number of turns
equal to their Homid form's Stamina. They may only do
this once per scene, however.

Ban: Bastards of Kendi are forbidden material pleasures
and must live in harsh conditions, never taking shelter from
sun or rain.

SN

Appendix: Dreamtime Totems 141


SNOWY MOUNTAINS RIVER SCHEME
AND KOSCIUSKO NATIONAL PARK

{72

Mt
Franklin

HeeBpiqununy

KOSCIUSKO
NATIONAL PARK

Lake
Eucumbere

O Berridale


The land down under breeds them tough and hardy — none
/moreso than the Garou. But the harsh outback blisters even their -
thick skins — and scours their souls. The Garou committed a great ©
\/ wrong here long ago, and the repercussions still haunt them. The 3
\, Garou must make amends for their past lest they forever remain Pi gee

4 strangers to the Dreamtime, the spirit world of Australia. i ee,

But time is running out; the Wyrm is on the march. From the high oe
towers of Pentex to the parched outback deserts, it: squirm,
forth to spread decay and ruin. The corruption of a continent is at
hand...

Rage Across Australia is a regional sourcebook and chronicle Sty
setting for Werewolf: The Apocalypse. It includes:

He STONEGATE IND. BLVD.

"
