# File: Rage Across The World Volume 3.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

re
' Includes:

ee Rage Across New ke?
: Rage Across the Amazon

A World Setting Sourcebook for
WEREWOLF: The Apocelypse™




Aurak's Tale:

The Pure Land

Brother wolf, great teacher,
Teach us well your ways,

That we may come to honor

Our Mother Earth in beauty all our days.
Show us the path that you know so well,
And together we'll set forth

On the ancient way of honor,

To follow you into the North.

Hear me, O my cubs. I sing of another time. Another place.
Another Apocalypse.

Many ages ago, long before the rise of the cities of man, there
was a wild age. It was a time of great war, for the forces of the
Wyrm ran rampant, corrupting much of the living flesh of the
Mother. Monsters tore their way in from the Umbra, still dripping
with the birth-fluids of their passage. Banes and Wyrmlings
ripped great holes in the flesh of Gaia and burrowed deep beneath
her skin.

The enemy also emerged through the homids, who were arich
source of power and purity to consume and corrupt. We thought
the homids were too weak and too easily corrupted to be valuable.
But the Mother told us they were important and had to be
protected. So we defended them. In this task we were assisted by
the spirits of nature and even the Wyldlings of Arcadia.

But it was not enough.

Gaia wracked her own body with a fever of ice storms in an
attempt to purge the Wyrm disease before it could put down deep

—Magpie, "Ameroc"

roots. Great glaciers scraped across her body, rooting out the
enemies from their lairs and exposing them to our claws and
teeth. Men and animals and Garou died in great numbers fighting
them.

But it was not enough.

So the Mother called to us, appearing before us through the
blessed Lunes. She spoke to the tribe of the Uktena, the tribe of
the Croatan, and my tribe, the Wendigo, and gave us wise and
quiet council. "Bundle up a large group of homids," she said,
"and such animals as have joined in pacts of cooperation. Gather
them, and take them where I lead."

"Must we flee the fight, O Mother?" the Uktena chieftain
asked. "Even now they fall to our claws!" The warlord of the
Croatan spoke, saying, "O Great Womb of Life, we are proud
warriors! We do not turn tail and run like whipped curs!" And the
Wendigo shaman said, "Blessed Gaia, there is no place on Earth
where we can hide from the Wyrm."

Legends of the Garou

‘ane o

But the Lunes did not argue. They simply said "Your fears are
great, but the love of the Mother is greater. You must change if
you are to become good herdsmen for the homids. You must
purify yourself of your fears. The foe you must conquer is not the
Wyrm, but your own vanity."

We herded the homids and went with them ever eastward,
across the tundra toward the morning sun. Ever behind us were
the Wyrmlings, snarling and spitting as they tracked us down.
Ever before us were the Lunes, singing to us of the paradise to
come. And when we reached the edge of the world, where the
great, placid sea rose before us as far as the horizon where it
joined the sky, the Mother spoke again. "Now go you north,
where I have turned the waters into earth."

The homids feared for their lives as the warm, green land
faded to the south, and the cold, white, brittle land stretched
ahead. Many died. But the rest prayed and communed with the
goddess every moment. Those who made every step a meditation
survived the arduous journey. Here in the land of little, we
discovered what we had lacked in the lands of plenty. Homids
and Garou alike were purified and prepared for a life free from
the temptations and predations of the Wyrm.

The Lunes were true to their bond and showed us how to find
food in the lands of frozen death. The shrieks of the Wyrmlings
grew fainter by the day, until we could scarcely distinguish their
keening from the wailing of the freezing winds.

And lo, we reached the top of the world, where nothing grows,
and where no man had ever ventured. There were many moons
when the sun itself could not make the harsh journey to the frozen
wastes, and stayed beneath the horizon. But when Helios, the
Sun, found us, he stayed with us for many moons without setting.
Even the sea was shrunken and wan from the bitter cold and
blight. The waters had receded, and churned their angry froth
perilously far below their old channels.

Trapped at the farthest corner of the world, we prayed to the
Mother for deliverance, and as our howls sent shivers through the
homids, the mists parted and we saw a massive glacial bridge of
ice and tundra rising from the shallow sea. The narrow passage
was bitterly cold, It was dangerously rocky. It was treacherously
steep.

But it was enough.

As we crossed the ice bridge in the shadow of the great glacier,
we heard the frenzied yowling of the Wyrm-spawn, anguished
over our escape. They redoubled their efforts and pressed their
unclean steeds to the point of death in order to catch us. As we
hastened to the other end of the bridge, we saw before usa shining
new land, where great trees thrust through the snow in the wide
valley below us. But behind us the forces of the Wyrm threatened
to turn our sweet triumph to ashes in our mouths.

The Wyrmlings reached the bridge and thundered across it,
pounding a cadence of death beneath their murderous hooves. As
the homids ran on ahead, we turned and steeled ourselves for our
final battle with the overwhelming foe. We knew if we met them
on the bridge, our sure-footedness would give us the advantage,
and we could take more of them with us before we perished.

4 Rage Across New York

But the Lunes exhorted us to stand our ground and venture not
back onto the bridge of ice. Some disobeyed, charging ahead to
gain a stronger position of attack. But the rest of us held back,
trusting the moon and our Mother.

As we watched, the bleak night sky shimmered with light.
Where once darkness reigned, a blaze of brilliant color shot
across the heavens. A thousand lights danced across the horizon
in a thousand colors. It was as if the whole of creation were
smiling upon us, reassuring the children of Gaia that they were
not forgotten. Our Mother remembered us, held us dear in her
heart, and sealed a sacred covenant to deliver us from all harm.

The Wyrmlings halted in terror at the sight of warm color
painting the frozen sky. We heard a fearful grinding of huge
glaciers, and the ground shook as if the world was tearing itself
apart. The massive glacial wall that loomed high above us
cracked, buckled and burst open. The waters broke free of their
icy shackles and coursed violently across the thirsty land as the
great glacial wall crumbled away to huge boulders of ice.

The angry wall of water swept past us and crashed into the
Wyrm-spawn, toppling them and driving them back. The ground
shook harder, and the ice bridge groaned, cracked and broke open
at a thousand places. Deep fissures swallowed the dread legions
and ground them to spurting pulp. The great wave washed over
the pieces of the broken bridge and toppled the remaining hordes
of Wyrm-spawn into the frigid waters. The bridge shattered and
fell away completely, and the raging current carried off every
vestige of the Wyrm-spawn.

The homids fell to the ground and wept, and we cried our
everlasting thanks to Gaia. We pledged on the Lights of the North
that we would be ever faithful, we would ever listen, and we
would ever be willing to change.

With great energy and zeal, we built a sacred mound at the
place where the ice bridge had been. This warded our shores and
sealed the new land from the influence of the Wyrm. We were
now safe from new horrors emitted from the mouth of the Wyrm
in the Old World. Cut off from the source of evil, this new land
could now be purified.

From the frozen north we ambled south and east, seeding the
land with the homids and their animal companions. A few Garou
stayed with each tribe to shepherd them and serve as direct links
to Gaia. The wolves of this green and growing land greeted us
with joy, and the spirits of nature provided us with food and game
in an abundance we had never before known. We made pacts
with the buffalo, the deer and the rabbit to hunt them for food. The
homids pledged to be careful stewards of their people, culling the
weak and old and controlling overbreeding, just as we were to
cull the homids. We promised that their deaths would have
dignity and a purpose in the service of life, and that none would
ever die slowly: alone, afraid of suffering. The animals agreed,
and we sealed the pact with a great festival to She Who Is the
Mother of All.

Our ordeal on the bridge of ice had purified us and made us
whole again. Our journey had forced us to listen to the earth in
order to survive, and our ears were now wise and heard very well
indeed. This great journey is held dear in our hearts. To this day,


Wendigo cubs duplicate the ancient journey for their rites of
passage, trekking back to this land from frozen northern wastes.

We were not the only ones who had found wisdom from our
ordeal. The homids had become wise as well. Our totems became
their totems. Our reverence for the Mother became their rever-
ence for the Mother. Though they often did foolish things, they
always attended to Gaia's soft voice. They squabbled among
themselves over petty matters, tribes fought, men and women
argued, children rebelled, and many homids made selfish choices.
But always they heeded the will of Gaia, the shamans and their
own inner voices, which counseled them to look directly upon
their foibles, understand the hurt they caused others, and find the
strength to change. And so they lived free of the corruption of the
Wyrm. Even when the Wyrm swirled all around them, it could
not find entrance to their hearts.

We traveled this glorious land from ocean to ocean, finding
greater and greater abundance everywhere we went. But the
Wyrm was there in great abundance as well. It had grown like an
unchecked tumor for millennia, tainting the entire land. The
forces of Gaia had arrayed againstit, but there had been no Garou
in the fight. Now that we were there, we would finish the job.

Gaia had cleansed this land of much Wyrm energy during this
great age of ice, digging up corrupted pools with slow-moving
glaciers, and exposing the newly furrowed ground to the healing
light of day. We ferreted out the exposed Wyrm beasts and slew
them. The battles were vicious and bloody. Many Garou and
homids perished. But many more Wyrm minions perished. They
tried to invoke more power from the master corrupter in the Old
World, but our wards held true. They were isolated.

We ground them beneath stones and bound them to rocks. We
buried those stones deep within the earth, marked the sites, and
set up homid tribes to protect them from defilement. Soon the
Wyrm was driven from the land. Every last vestige of its
corruption was washed away, and all the wounds to the land were
healed. The land was now pure.

On the rare occasions that Wyrm beasts fought their way past
the wards and entered the Pure Land, our shamans tore their
throats out and bound them far beneath the earth.

We remained true to the Mother who is our life, and she
rewarded us with riches beyond our wishes. We showed our
gratitude by heeding her voice, by respecting all her children. We
kept faith with our earth and plant and animal and spirit brethren,
and honored the life that flowed through all.

Over the centuries, we reached every corner of the Pure Land,
breeding, playing, and relishing our lives, our neighbors, and our
world. We worshipped the ground beneath our feet, the sky
above our heads, and the rivers of air and water that ran through
our bodies and connected us to the goddess.

My Fostern went far east, ever east, in the direction of hope
and new growth, toward the dawn, in honor of the eastward trek
that once saved us from the enemy. We continued until we
reached the great eastern ocean, settling in the territory around
the Great Lakes and the lands named for the buffalo, in the region
that is now called New York.

For millennia we lived in paradise, growing our families,
exploring our world, squabbling among ourselves, building our
caerns, seeking our muses, journeying through the spirit world,
fighting vampires and wicked spirits, and seeking the sweet voice
of Gaia in all things. So it was for thousands of generations. So
we thought it would be for all time.

And then the Wyrm returned.

The homids we brought to the Pure Land lived in many
different climates and led widely varying lives. Some built great
cities in jungles and cliff faces. Some ranged across the prairies,
living as their food lived. Some lived on the rivers, rowing great
bark boats. Some dwelt in the frozen wastes, making their very
lives an enduring tribute to the Mother who guided our survival
across the ice. Except for a few ancient pockets of Wyrm
infestation which were gradually purified, the homids all lived
free of the Wyrm. And gradually they forgot the horror that
festered across the sea and seethed in rage over the great trick of
our escape. We slowly grew apart from our charges, and lived
secluded lives, watching them grow from afar. We spoke to them
only through their shamans, and then only rarely.

Our hearts swelled with pride, for we had done our work so
well that the homids no longer needed us to make their lives safe
and whole. We still weeded out the excess population, and the
homids came to fear us, just as the homids did in the Old World.
Still, we did not treat them as mercilessly as our brethren treated
their charges, and the fear of Garou in the Pure Ones was not as
severe as the fear of Garou among the men who lived in the Wyrm
lands.

Most of the Pure Ones ranged across the land, but some settled
and built great cities with towering pyramids. These Pure Ones
became very learned, and studied the miracle of man just as we
studied the miracle of Gaia. These wizards learned things we did
not know. They said that the Wyrm would return, hiding in the
skins of tall men with bleached faces; men who did not walk, but
traveled astride thundering beasts. They said the Wyrm would
conquer and destroy all that lay in its path, laying waste to the
Mother as the men traveled.

We scoffed at their prognostications, for they were mere men.
And so we were unprepared for the ships. We had dealt with ships
before. We had seen lone ships arrive from the Wyrm world —
some with red-bearded men, some with colored sails and men in
robes, some with dark-skinned men in boats of reed. But the
Wyrm was weak in them, and we had easily driven them off with
weather magic, invited them to live among our people, or killed
them.

One day, a ship arrived bearing men in whom the Wyrm was
strong. The Wyrm guided them to tiny islands where no Garou
tended the people. The homids greeted the Wyrm-men joyfully,
as brethren, in the same manner they greeted all life. But the pale
men of the Wyrm met the greeting with treachery, and made
slaves of the homids. The Garou attacked, but were beaten by the
agents of the Wyrm. The invaders sent for more ships, and by the
time we realized the threat, they were flooding every part of our
eastern coast.

The attack of the Wyrm-men was as clever as it was wicked.
First they gave trinkets and gifts to our Pure-men to secure their

Legends of the Garou

—

onan


cooperation, not knowing that the Pure Ones would share all they
had with the Wyrm-men without such petty bribes. Because the
Wyrm had squeezed all the charity and compassion and grace
from their blighted hearts, they could not conceive of other men
sharing such riches as land and food and sky with them.

Then their stowaways, the Wyrm spirits, invaded the land,
attacking our caerns in force. In the bloodiest of all fighting, a
Wyrm beast called Eater-of-Souls hunted down Garou and
warred with the Croatan tribe. This abomination tore through the
spiritual body of Gaia and rent a bloody wound in the Umbra.

When the Wyrm beasts obliterated the Garou defenders in an
area, their mortal surrogates ceased any pretense of friendship
with the homids of the Pure Land. They attacked in force,
enslaving, murdering and raping. They destroyed our sacred
places and looted the bones of our ancestors by the thousands in
order to break the network of holy wards. On the southern
continent they plundered gold, an eternal symbol of great purity,
knowing that robbing it from our shores and sending it to the
tainted world symbolized their drive to corrupt the purity of our
home. They tore down the great cities and scattered the people.

They killed the shamans who heard the voice of Gaia and
forbade the ceremonies that invoked the great spirits. They
punished all children who tried to learn the ancient Ways of
Power and the wisdom of Gaia.

The Wyrm-men drove the weakened people from their green
villages back into the lands of ice. Feigning compassion, they
sent blankets to the freezing Pure Ones. But the blankets were
filled with disease, and spread pestilence and death. Wyrm-bred

spirits of sickness ravaged their weakened bodies and destroyed
them in uncountable numbers.

They raped Gaia just as they ravaged the people. They
destroyed forests, drained wetlands, rechanneled lakes, and
filled the rivers with filth. Just as we had moved eastward, toward
the newborn sun of eternal beginnings, they pushed westward,
toward the dying sun of eternal endings. We fought back, but we
were overwhelmed. The Wyrm had waxed huge and bloated in
the Old World, and now ran over us like a juggernaut.

Then came a great battle on the eastern shore, where the Wyrm.
won his greatest victory. The Wyrm-legions, following the
commands of Eater-of-Souls, waged a bloody conflict against
the last vestiges of the Croatan tribe. In the physical realm and the
haunted paths of the Umbra the battle raged, and the warriors of
the Croatan fought like heroes. But all their glory and prowess
could not prevail against Eater-of-Souls. A supreme sacrifice
was needed. The Croatan burnt their very souls in mystic rage,
searing the Wyrm beast and driving it forever from Gaia's realm.
The whole tribe was destroyed that hated day, and the homids
they tended were crushed forever. An entire tribe was no more.

The tragedy was heartbreaking. Many Garou perished in
wave after wave of disorganized fighting, and the ones that did
not die succumbed to the crippling Harano, the despair of the
spirit that weakens and destroys our kind whenever it takes root.

We feared for all our kind.

Before all was lost, Garou from the Old World arrived on the
sailing ships — Black Furies, Fianna, Get of Fenris and more.
They were familiar with the ways of these new Wyrm beasts, and
helped us plan our battle. But even they acknowledged their utter
failure in the Old World.

To our shame, we spent much time squabbling with the
newcomer Garou over territory and the best way to fight the
Wyrm. Some of our Garou blamed them for letting the Wyrm
grow out of control in the Old World. Some of them blamed us
for not being prepared for the inevitable return of the Wyrm.
Much Garou blood was spilt in those early days without any
action on the part of the Wyrm.

But great leaders like Sturm Hawksblood, Cries-Like-the-
Wind and Orro pulled us together, forbade infighting, and
channeled us against the foe. We led the homids in great battles
against the dupes of the Wyrm as they rolled their canvas-and-
wood homes into our western lands. But we lost more ground and
more lives than we gained.

Then we began to harken to the words of the great teacher
Walks Alone. He demanded that we change our strategy and
accept the invaders instead of resisting them. He said we could
never wipe out the foe now that they had found our land, and they
would continue to come no matter how many we killed. Instead,
he taught us to corrupt the corrupters and subvert the agents of
subversion with love.

In our homid skins we infiltrated the invader and appealed to
the greater angels of his conscience. From Alaska to New York
City, we taught the rough man tolerance and channeled his
energy into cooperating with his fellows and welcoming the
stranger.


ie

This proved diabolically successful against the Wyrm, who
found ithard to take root in spirits so filled with light. Only among
men who rejected their fellows could the Wyrm find sufficient
darkness to sustain himself.

And alas, we must admit to fighting a losing battle. We have
watched the noblest inventions of the homids corrupted and
exploited to poison the land.

We have heard the cries of the animals and the trees. We have
felt the silent shudder of a child's loss of innocence as he
succumbs to the most horrific of predations: the violation of the
most sacred trust.

Now we prepare for the End Time. The Apocalypse is upon
us.
Let us Rage!


Credits Speaal Chan

Author: Daniel Greenberg Andrew "Santa" Greenberg for letting the kids sit on his lap.
Editing: Rob Hatch William "Huh?" Hale for using his head in four square.
Development: Bill Bridges Rob "Hunchback" Hatch for the weight of all the books on his
Layout: Sam Chupp shoulders.

Art Director: Richard Thomas Ken "Goob Cat" Cliffe for absorbing pure goob.

Art: John Bridges, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook Sam "Hot Rod" Chupp for finally having wheels.

Maps: Richard Thomas, Chris McDonogh Benjamin "Props" Monk, Jr. for bringing the first toys to the
Cover: Clark Mitchell Playtest

Cover Design: Chris McDonough Rene "Spider" Lilly for her dinner guest at the eerie fish place.

Wes "Co-ed" Harris for pursuing higher education,

Mark "Whine like an Egyptian" Rein*Hagen for winning
anyway.

Stewart "Quintessential" Wieck for the character sheet with
the sesquipedalian names.

Travis "Online" Williams for reaching out and touching the
panther lady.

Josh "Froggy got back" Timbrook for his return to four-
square.

Chris "I'll be back" McDonough for obsessing on the phone
number.

Richard "Shirt ofthe Wyrm" Thomas for his negative image.

Lyndi "Halloween Cheer" Hathaway for the treats and
Amish humor on Fang Day.

While the characters and adventures in this book are fictional,
the problem of child abuse is not, unfortunately. White Wolf
wants to encourage anyone who has been hurt in this way to get

help. There are many resources and toll-free numbers available
to connect you to those who can help. We understand that this is
not an easy thing to do, but silence only serves the enemy.

© 1992 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisher is expressly denied,
except for the purpose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Rage Across New York, Rite of Passage, Vampire: The Mas-
querade, The Player's Guide to the Sabbat, Garou, all Vampg
Clan names and all Werewolf Tribe names are trademarks 4
copyrights of White Wolf.

Disclaimer: The characters and events described in this bq
are fictional, any resemblance between the characters and 4
person; living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The mention of or reference to any companies or product
these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or copyri
concerned,

8 Rage Across New York


Legends of the Garou: Aurak's Tale

Introduction: Welcome to New York 7]
Chapter One: History of Mew York 15
Chapter ‘Two: Geography 24
Chapter Three: Power Groups and Characters 35

Chapter Four: Encounters 93

Introduction

Rage Across New York


"They talk very loud, very fast, and altogether. If they ask you

a question, before you can utter three words of your answer, they
break out upon you again, and talk away."

—John Adams, 1774, on the people of the colony of

New York

Disions of New York

The name "New York" conjures images of soaring heights:
big business, high finance, high fashion, and skyscrapers tower-
ing above the mundane ground. However, there is another New
York: a wild, earthy place which lies just outside the steel-and-
glass canyons of the city, and indeed surrounds them. It is a low
place: a world of forests, tunnels, caerns, caverns and creatures
that prowl close to the ground. Close to the Mother. Close to Gaia.

This is the world of the wolves.

Everyone knows the New York City stereotype, reinforced by
thousands of books, films and TV shows — the noisy, ugly,
turbulent, aggressive, exciting, uncaring, polluted cesspool where
people must fight to be heard above the continual roar. But the
other New York, which comprises 99 percent of the state's area,
is virtually unknown to most of the world — indeed, tomost New

Introduction

Yorkers. This is a quiet, fresh, green world which surrounds the
gray, noxious city.

The din of the city is maddening to most Garou; however, they
willingly brave the concrete wasteland because it houses their
greatest enemies

New York City is the world of the Wyrm.

Theme:
Blight in the Family Cree

"What was once your salvation is now your damnation."
—Virginia Klein, Ph.D., How To Get Free
This chronicle takes the defenders of the Wyld into the belly
of the Wyrm. To triumph, the werewolves must leave the safety
of their green and growing earth far below, and ascend the
dizzying skyscrapers of the greatest, most oppressive city in the
world to confront a horror as old as mankind.

11


In the Wyrm-infested world of humans, the Garou discover a
terrible secret suspected by only a few, but suppressed by a great
many. They learn of a method of Wyrm corruption so subtle and
insidious that it has gone virtually undetected for millennia,
despite a terribly powerful chokehold on the human soul. This
horror has been passed down from one generation to the next;
innocent children bear the seeds which taint the generation after
them.

New York is a nexus for the forces that profit from this
defilement, and chronicles set in New York center around it. The
Garou in the New York area do not know it yet, but they are about
to tear the scab off an ancient wound in the soul of man. Will they
destroy the wounded soul or heal the great wound?

Thisis a story of monsters lurking in the guises of good people,
and goodness lurking in the skins of monsters. It is the story of the
connection, and the contrast, between the inside and the outside.

The Shadow

There are many kinds of monsters. Sometimes the monsters
that look the most ferocious and evil on the outside are really
tender and pure on the inside. On the other hand, sometimes the
(seemingly) nicest people harbor the most villainous of demons.
The Garou are used to being considered wretched monsters,
even though they do the work of Gaia. Many Garou wonder if
their entire race is tainted with a curse that no amount of good
works can expiate. This longing for goodness drives many a
werewolf. There are times, however, when a homid may become
a monster as well.

Faced with difficult times and impossible situations, a person
sometimes finds that her normal reactions won't get her through
the bad times. Rather than collapse in despair, she chooses to
fight back in ways she would never consider under normal
circumstances. She creates an internal monster to help her
through tough times. She may not like or accept this shadow
beast, but she needs it.

When painful, impossible situations surround her, she un-
leashes the beast. She allows it to emerge and control her in order
to protect her. The monster destroys the person's enemies and
saves her from greater pain and suffering. But with the monster's
triumph comes the person's downfall. When the enemies are
beaten and the painful times are gone, the monster remains.
‘These internal monsters are unacceptable to society at large,
and so there is no support for acknowledging, let alone exorcis-
ing, them. Thus, many people reject their monsters. The monster
is pushed into the shadows, where it remains unseen and forgot-
ten. But remain it does, ready to emerge whenever it feels the
person is ina dangerous situation. Under the sway of the monster,
the person may lash out at innocent people at inappropriate
moments. The person may feel out of control, and regret her
actions later, but is helpless to stop.

To stop her monster from dominating her actions, a person
ito the shadows of her own heart to face the beast,

If the person's monster goes unhealed, the monster can
become fodder for the Wyrm. Destructive supernatural creatures
from the Umbra can insinuate themselves into the souls of people
with such great inner wounds. If a person has developed a
negative way of relating to others in order to protect himself from
abuse, neglect or emotional trauma, a real Wyrm monster can
scuttle into his spirit. If the wound is ignored for a long time, the
Wyrm creature will fester inside, and eventually take over the
person. Soon it's hard to tell where the natural, self-created
monster ends and the alien Wyrm monster begins. Once a person
is possessed, she invariably spreads her own venomous hate to
those with whom she associates, and more Wyrm monsters are
spawned.

These malevolent creatures inevitably destroy their hosts.
Because their origins are organic and their manifestations are so
subtle, these cases of Wyrm possession are difficult for the forces
of Gaia to decipher and counteract. Their impact can be enor-
mous.

Unexorcised monsters, both self-created and Wyrm-created,
are passed down from generation to generation, like blight in the
family tree.

The challenge before the Garou is to figure out how the
monsters were made, and find a means to purge them before all
of mankind is lost. Some Garou think it's already too late.
However, Gaia eternally returns hope to her followers just as she
returns spring.

Moors
The Possibility of Healing

Digging in the dirt

Find the places we got hurt.

—Peter Gabriel, "Digging in the Dirt"

This chronicle is pervaded with the heart-rending savagery of
the monsters that lurk in untreated wounds, and the damage they
do to everyone and everything around them. But there is another
side to the misery of wounds that breed the Wyrm. Those wounds
can be healed through compassionate and vigorous intervention.
Even creatures of rage like werewolves can learn the ancient arts
of tending Wyrm-ridden wounds and healing anguished hearts,
tormented lands, and the whole sifffering world. The theme of
this chronicle is the choice between sacrificing the profits of
misery and embracing the profound path of healing.

In the first and most crucial step on the path of healing, Gaia
calls upon all her children to listen, and listen well. She asks
humans and werewolves alike to listen to the earth, to their fellow
creatures, and, most importantly, to themselves. Ignoring the
voice of the planet withers gardens into poisoned deserts. Ignor-
ing the voices of other people tums friends into enemies and
celebrations into wars. But ignoring the still voice within turns a
man into a monster, and turns a monster into the Beast of the
Apocalypse.

The voice of Gaia is neither quiet nor subtle. In order to resist
this call, a person must actively work to shut it out. Shutting out
self-understanding creates sterile minds and false hearts in both

Rage Across New York

men and supernatural creatures. A person devoid of self-aware-
ness is unable to empathize with other living people or the living
environment. Those that cut themselves off from their own hearts
cut themselves off from the world. The inner horror taints
everything outside. The wasteland within becomes a wasteland
without. The poison within becomes poison without. The death
within becomes the Apocalypse without.

This horror is passed from parents to children in the form of
emotional, physical and sexual abuse. The abuse destroys trust
and results in the child's spiritual disconnection. Violence done
tochildren scalds their wide-open hearts, and thus they seal those
hearts to protect themselves from further harm. But the heart is
the organ the child uses to hear his own voice, and the voice of
his world. With his heart boxed up and locked off, the child no
longer hears his own heart's song, and no longer knows his own
will. He becomes spiritually blind, wandering sightless through
the landscape of his soul.

Without reliable access to his own heart and emotions, he
loses his connection to the outer world as well. He can hurt others,
lay waste to the land and even kill without feeling a thing. The
most extreme cases of people with no capacity for empathy are
sociopathic serial killers (who always seem to have been victims
of severe abuse and molestation).

The Garou are charged with cleaning up a planet laid waste by
men and women suffering from these great wounds that perpetu-
ate themselves through time. One way to fight is by destroying
those who wreak havoc on the planet and on innocents. But there
is another way — a way sanctioned by Gaia, a path that has a

chance of striking at the very heart of evil, instead of lopping off
the hydra's head only to see two take its place.

This is at the heart of Rage Across New York. The wisdom
of Gaia calls upon all living creatures to explore the vast
uncharted territories of their hearts, listen to the lore they find
within, and live in accord with themselves and the truth they have
found. This is the path of the spiritual warrior, and all Garou can
aspire to it.

Gothic-Punk New York

If you are a New York native, or have lived there or traveled
there extensively and know a lot about the city and state, this is
a great setting for you. However, if you have never been to New
York, and know nothing about it, don't worry aboutit. You'll run
a fine campaign. Even if you know nothing more about New
York than what you've seen on TV cop shows, don't sweat it.
You'll do fine. In the Gothic-Punk universe, your interpretation
of what New York is like is more important than the reality of
New York.

If any player tries to contradict you about some facet of life in
New York City, feel free to disregard it and overrule him. Your
interpretation of what New York ought to be like is more
important. This is not the real New York, but a distorted version
seen through a funhouse mirror that makes it look far darker and
more malevolent than it really is. And ultimately, perhaps,
brighter and filled with more potential for healing and renewed
life.

Introduction 13



love.

Come on love, we'll dance across the moon,
Turn midnight into noon, pour perfume on the breezes.
Where nothing ever grows, where no one ever goes

In lands of storms and snows, we'll plant one burning rose,

—Jacques Brel, "You're Not Alone"

In the wild days of prehistory, the powerful forces of the
Wyrm rampaged through man's proto-civilizations in Af-
rica, Asia and Europe, sowing destruction, desolation and
despair. Gaia moved to purge herself of the Wyrm's blight
one continent at a time. The Wyrm's most direct point of
entry from the Umbra to the physical world was (and still
is) through humans; thus, the Wyrm's only real point of
entry from the Umbra to the physical world was in the
Eastern Hemisphere. Because the Wyrm had no direct
access to the Western Hemisphere, Gaia set out to seal off
the Western Hemisphere and purge it of the Wyrm. (This
time is described by the Wendigo shaman Aurak
Moondancer at the beginning of this book.)

The Garou in the
New World

The first people of the Americas trekked over a land
bridge across the Bering Strait from Asia at the end of the
last Ice Age. A prodigious amount of ocean water was
locked in glaciers, and the ocean level was considerably
lower. Earth elementals and Garou learned of this land and
formulated a plan to shepherd several strains of the human
population to the New World.

Chapter One

The Wyrm had decimated much of the human popula-
tion in the Old World, and had visited great horrors on their
souls. Gaia communed with human holy men in Asia. She
told them to purify their people of the Wyrm's taint, and
assured them that she would take them to a land where no
harm could come to them.

The forces of Gaia chose a large contingent of strong-
willed Garou and homids from Pleistocene Asia, and
removed them from the fight against the Wyrm. Gaia sent
them on an arduous trek to the northeastern edge of Asia.
Wyrm creatures and other frightening beasts harried them
all the way.

Gaia's people crossed the Bering Strait in three waves.
After the first wave safely crossed the land bridge over the
Bering Strait, the great glaciers melted and the land bridge
flooded. Great spells destroyed many of the agents of the
Wyrm.

Gradually the waters refroze and reformed the bridge for
the next two waves of Asian immigrants. The second and
third waves did not descend into the fertile interior, but
remained in the frozen wastes. They positioned themselves
in the far north and the far northwest, where they could
maintain the wards that kept the Wyrm from crossing.

The powerful warding spells along the northern border
kept the Wyrm creatures from reaching the new land. This
angered and shamed the spawn of destruction, who swore
revenge.

15


Healing the Land

The Garou and the humans bred and ranged far over the
land, traveling to the far south and far east of the Americas.
The new natives of this world they called the Pure Land
honored and revered Gaia, and lived by her spirit of
compassion. Men and women lived in harmony as equals,
and recognized their insoluble connection to the earth, the
animals and all life. They called their land the "middle heart
place" and felt a strong sense of belonging in a land where
every place was holy. Their connection to Gaia gave them
a unique perspective on the world. They saw all houses,
plants and people as temporary containers and channels
through which the Great Spirit flows. This vision drove
them to treat their world with the utmost respect, and gave
them a great sense of contentment, balance and well-being.

To be sure, life was not perfect in the Pure Land. The
natives sometimes had to fight evil spirits and enigmatic
faeries native to the land, as well as the occasional vampire
that found its way to the New World. Furthermore, there
were some areas in the Pure Land that were still tainted by
the Wyrm. The Pure Ones and the Garou spent millennia
rooting out and purifying these sites. Once this job was
finished, the land was free of the corrosive influence of the
Wyrm for thousands of years. During this time the immi-
grants established a paradise on Earth. Though the homid
tribes still fought among themselves, their arguments were
honest and not inflamed by the Wyrm. The tribes also
respected each other enough to get together and work out
their differences.

Gaia in New York

In the mists of the morning the water's like glass,
No signs of the future or hard tales of the past.
Canoes by the water in the silence of dawn,

And oh, nothing moves, still the rivers roll on...

Hills rise like dream sites as farms roll in view,

The fog starts to lift and then the sun it shines through,

Waters from Canada through Mohawk lands,

Carried to my home by so many hands.

—Cathy Winter, "Canoer's Lullaby"

In the blissful days after the Garou and the homids
healed the New World of the Wyrm's presence, the Pure
Land was a bountiful paradise. Homids and Garou raised
their children, created rich cultures and civilizations, and
worshipped the connections which bind all life. Without
the overwhelming threat of the Wyrm to bind them, the two.
races pursued separate goals and slowly grew apart.

The Garou still culled the humans, to control the popu-
lation, but the Delirium never rooted as deeply in the
homids of the New World as it did in their Old World
brethren. Although the Impergium had begun before the
great migration, and the homids who crossed over with the
Garou were still somewhat afraid of their patrons, the

Delirium was weak in them. The leadership of the Garou
during the trek, plus their obvious gifts from Gaia, acted to
lessen the Impergium's effect.

The Pure Ones went about the task of civilization. They
ranged across the expansive territories, establishing many
families, clans and tribes in every inhabitable area. They
were drawn to the regions specially blessed by Gaia, to
worship and draw new life from them. One of the greatest
of these holy lands is the territory around the border
between New York and Canada.

The ancient legends of the Pure Ones say that the Great
Spirit held this land in special favor. She blessed it with a
living network of lakes, streams and rivers that reached all
parts of the land. This gave the Pure Ones of the New York
area easy and rapid access to any other part of the land.
These interconnecting waters carried Gaia's lifeblood to all
her children, and gave the homids a communication and
travel network second to none.

To consecrate this land, Gaia long ago placed her hand
upon a wide expanse and left the imprint of her hand
indelibly etched upon rock and soil. The rivulets filled with
water, and are now know as the Finger Lakes; they are
geographically unique.

This great glacial handprint shows where Gaia rooted
out deep corruption and left the area blessed and purified.
Shamans say that people who are in pain and anger, and
who come to the land between these rivers, are calmed by
the holiness of the place. Those who come here to purify

16 Rage Across New York

themselves are filled with sacred energy, peace and bal-
ance. And those who come to quietly listen can see Gaia.
The Garou built a great caern by the Tree of Peace, near the
Finger Lakes, and kept faith with Gaia there.

In pre-Colonial days, tribes from all over the East Coast
met in the area of New York for tribal meetings, sitting
down at the Tree of Peace. They conducted their business
and settled their disagreements with compassion and re-
spect. This august and statesmanlike body served at the
behest of the men and women whose voice it represented.
Itacted as a democratic government long before the days of
the First Continental Congress, and was the first experi-
ment in democracy on American soil.

This joyful time was uninterrupted for many hundreds of
generations. Great tribes flourished and grew, and the
people were very happy.

The Beginning of the End

In the late 15th century, however, sailors from the Old
World broke through the wards and invaded the New
World. The Garou were partly to blame for this. By execut-
ing the Impergium with such ruthless efficiency, they
drove men from their care and into fearful alliances with the
Wyrm. The less-intense Impergium practiced in the New
World drove some of the Pure Ones toward the Weaver,
and not to the Wyrm.

The Pure Ones came to America seeking freedom from
persecution by the Wyrm, and they left the Wyrm far
behind them. The Puritan pilgrims came to America seek-
ing freedom from persecution by other men, and they
brought the Wyrm with them.

The Wyrm in the New Worl

The Wyrm's strategy in the Old World was simple. Its
minions used every cultural weapon at their disposal to
foment ignorance among the populace. They exploited
racial and religious fears to deride the wisdom of the great
civilizations of the East and the lore of the nature worship-
pers of the West.

They struck on four fronts: spreading disease, destroy-
ing crops, inciting war, and stirring up fear of the medical
advances and birth-control innovations common in the
Eastern lands. These four horsemen of the Wyrm conspired
to wildly increase population density, and caused the fear-
ful Europeans to recklessly overbreed. This in turn caused
still more disease, famine, war and fear of birth control.

The Wyrm's strategy in the New World was more
complex. When the whole reeking cauldron of Europe
reached the boiling point, the Wyrm disgorged the swollen,
surplus population into the Pure Land, where the sheer
weight of numbers overwhelmed the magical wards and the

Garou defenders. The Wyrm's minions knew that the
European men and women, scarred inside and out by
Wyrm-ridden scarcity and bitter violence, would perma-
nently taint the land, destroy the Pure Ones, and exploit the
Tich resources of the land. This would strain the world
beyond its capacity to sustain the fragile envelope of life on
the earth's crust, and the Wyrm could then drag all the
natural world into a stinking chasm of filth, blight and
oblivion.

The people of the Old World unknowingly did the
Wyrm' s bidding. When they arrived, the Pure Ones saw the
colonists through innocent eyes, and accepted them as
brothers and fellow living creatures. The Europeans saw
the Pure Ones through eyes tainted with greed and fear, and
regarded them only as savages.

When explorer Henry Hudson sailed his ship, the Half
Moon, into New York Harbor, the Algonquin natives
greeted him festively. They brought gifts of berries, bread,
furs and tobacco for the strangers. Despite all evidence, the
crew's chief mate summarized the sailors' feelings in his
log, writing, "We durst not trust them." It was not long
before the colonists attacked the natives and incited the
Indian Wars.

Much of the fighting between the werewolves and the
Wyrm was hidden, moving in and out of the Umbra as it
raged across the landscape. Though colonists did not see
the fiercest fighting, they heard the eerie cries of war in the
night, and would not often venture out after dark.

The war came to a head when Wyrm minions unleashed
their greatest weapon on the New World. A colony unwit-
tingly brought a direct manifestation of the Wyrm into the
Pure Land. This monstrous creature, called Eater-of-Souls,
unleashed waves of palpable decay and despair over the
landscape. This great Umbra beast grew more bloated with
each area it defiled.

Fearing that the Pure Land would fall to it, the entire
Croatan tribe gathered for an unprecedented ritual. The
Croatan sacrificed the very stuff of their souls on the fires
of rage in order to gain the sheer power necessary to stop the
defiler. As their spirits were consumed in fiery explosions,
they carried Eater-of-Souls across the gulfs of the spirit
world and cast it out of the world, taking the entire human
colony with it. The remorseless battle had a very high price:
the entire Croatan tribe was destroyed root and branch. All
that was left was the name of the tribe defiantly etched on
a Glade Child tree.

Despite this setback, the Wyrm's plan proved a dizzying
success. The colonists believed that the natives hated them,
and attacked the Pure Ones at every opportunity. They also
bred recklessly, as they had done in Europe. The Wyrm
looked ahead to the day when it would win a crushing
victory over all the forces of life.

Chapter One


Gaid's Plan

But the Wyrm did not win all the battles in America. In
1570, the great Onandaga shaman Hiawatha made a pil-
grimage to the Finger Lakes. There, in a living dream, he
saw a world in which all people lived together in brother-
hood and peace. This vision of the unity of mankind is
deeply rooted in the Pure Land, and will always bubble up
from the ground into everyone who lives on American soil
It takes active antagonism or deep wounds to resist this
compelling dream.

Hiawatha's words deeply touched the other Pure Ones.
The leaders of the Mohawk, Seneca, Cayuga, Onandaga
and Oneida peoples sat beneath the Tree of Peace with him,
overcame their petty rivalries, and formed the League of
Five Nations. He asked his people to avoid the warpath and
instead work peacefully with the invaders. His unifying
words forged the Pure Ones into a powerful whole, and they
coordinated their actions with great skill. Their strength

was so great that they held the balance of power between
the English, French and other European settlers in their
hands.

Some Garou found this path of peace distasteful and
strange, and tried to stir up war between the Pure Ones and
the invaders. But the Five Nations held together, and had a
powerful and curious impact on the new immigrants to
New York.

Once the Europeans were out of their Wyrm-tainted
homelands and in this serene, sanctified land, many of them
underwent a transformation. Like sickly flowers trans-
planted into healthy soil, they grew strong, kind and
generous. The new immigrants learned potent lessons in
respect and trust from the natives, who would sometimes
even give their lives to teach that trust can be more power-
ful than life itself. This life of compassion was a new way
for the colonists, and many took to it as if it were their first
breaths of air.

In panic, the Wyrm's agents tried to stop the influence of
the Pure Ones. They sent a message to Europe asking for
powerful help, and the lords of an ancient secret society of
Wyrm followers answered. This society, known as the
Seventh Generation, arrived in tae New World shortly
thereafter. The Seventh Generation quickly formulated a
plan to destroy the Five Nations coalition.

The Seventh Generation targeted the leaders of the Five
Nations for extermination by placing a cash bounty on
native scalps. This launched one of the bleakest, most
inhuman markets in the New World. Mutilated human flesh
became the currency of a booming trade.

To reopen the old wounds, the Seventh Generation lords
stirred up rampant xenophobia in the colonies. They turned
generous, open communities into segregated compounds
filled with narrow-minded zealots who were suspicious
and hateful of people from other lands or people with
different customs. The Seventh Generation lords arranged

Rage Across New York

for the colonies to shun the natives who helped them
survive the harsh winters. Because the Seventh Generation
nurtured a special hatred for women, the Seventh Genera-
tion lords also made sure the colonies accused women of
witchcraft and murdered them.

In areas where the Wyrm could not segregate men of
different lands, however, the immigrants resisted the crude
temptation such hatred affords. The influx of immigrants
from all over the world created cosmopolitan communities
in which men found cooperation and respect to be stronger
survival skills than competition and intolerance. In the
rarefied air of the New World, many homids forged bonds
of partnership across the ethnic and cultural chasms that the
Wyrm had exploited for centuries in Europe. They were not
receptive to plans to kill the natives.

Under very wise leadership, some Garou crafted a clever
strategy. By day they visited invader camps in homid form
and helped the natives spread their doctrine of tolerance
and brotherhood. By night, the Garou attacked the agents of
the Wyrm who spread bigotry and hate. This plan was a
great success,

Tolerance in New York

Even in its earliest days as New Amsterdam, New York
City stood as a shining testament to this newfound commu-
nity spirit. It was built on a holy site that was strong with the
energy of Gaia. Warring Dutch, English and French powers
met there and found areas of agreement and accord.

The work of Gaia made a crucial difference in New York
during the period when English settlers flocked to the
Dutch colonies in the area. The governor of nearby Con-
necticut instructed the English who flooded into New
Amsterdam to settle "without hostility or any act of vio-
lence." Once the English outnumbered the Dutch, the Duke
of York instructed them to treat the minority with "human-
ity and gentleness." The new colonists responded, and New
York became one of the few places where the victors did
not forcibly convert the minority to their religion, language
and culture.

In this spirit, New York assimilated new immigrants
from all corners of the Old World, and measured men on the
basis of their contributions rather than their nationality or
religion. Passing Jesuit scholars remarked on the tremen-
dous variety of nationalities in New York, and the many
languages spoken in the city. Even Jews were welcome,
which earned New York the enmity of visitors from the
more insular settlements to the south, where the Wyrm
found fertile breeding ground.

The city became a rich trading port. Eighteen distinct
languages were spoken in its boundaries, and all men were
welcome. To the xenophobic Europeans, Manhattan had
the "arrogance of Babel." To the New Yorkers, however, it
was a breath of fresh air after the stuffy courts of the Old
World.

Chapter One

The people who settled here were a hard-drinking,
adventurous lot, both greedy and generous, religious and
blasphemous. Unlike the more totalitarian, provincial settle-
ments in the New World, they opened themselves to the
whole gamut of the human experience. They were fiercely
protective of their rights, and resisted most tyrants. Their
love of truth was so strong that they used their courts to
establish freedom of the press, in a landmark pre-Revolu-
tionary libel case. This tradition of honoring truth would
stay with the city, and would serve as its strongest source
of immunity from the Wyrm.

This openness made New Amsterdam, and later New
York, an ideal location for the Garou to scout and mix with
homids. Other cities were openly distrustful of strangers,
which made visiting difficult. Packs settled in the city, and
some remain there to this day.

Over time, the Garou adapted themselves to their new
home. They formed alliances with supernatural creatures
and like-minded homids in the area, and tried to build
coalitions against the minions of the Wyrm.

As the centuries passed, waves of immigrants fled the
collapsing kingdoms of Europe and found a fresh start in
New York. Vampires found the city intriguing as well, and
waves of anarchs arrived, fleeing the newly constituted
Camarilla. The Sabbat set up shop and made New York its
home base in the New World.

Other secret groups from Europe landed here, and New
York became a nexus for magic and conspiracy. All this
activity turned New York into a major trade hub and filled
the city with a unique vitality. It was not the sort of life that
the Garou favored, but it did serve to keep the Wyrm at bay.
And if there was one lesson the Garou had learned, it was
that anything that kept the Wyrm away was to be embraced.
They knew they would have to change to live: adaptation
meant survival.

Wyrm Hatred

But what Gaia brought together, the Wyrm tore apart.
Though New York stood out as a land strong in the spirit of
Gaia, the minions of the Wyrm stamped out that spirit in
most of the rest of the New World. They fanned the flames
of war, political factionalizing, intolerance, hatred of
women, and religious conflicts. The Wyrm appealed to
men to persecute people of other races, nations and reli-
gions. Its minions were spectacularly successful in some
colonies, like the ones where they succeeded in getting
wise women condemned as witches and hanged. The
Wyrm's minions especially despised the Native Ameri-
cans' respect for Gaia. They targeted the Iroquois of New
York for extermination, since the tribe respected the an-
cient ways and revered women.

The Wyrm provoked hatred between the sett]
natives. The Wyrm's minions encouraged th
mistrust that most colonists felt, and manipulat
instigate attacks on the native homelands. The

fought to keep the settlers from spending time with the
natives, because the colonists invariably came away filled
with respect for the Pure Ones. So the Wyrm minions
spread rumors of native savagery, and instilled fear in the
hearts of the settlers.

The greatest barrier to the Wyrm's conquest of the Pure
Land was the network of caerns, burial sites and holy
mounds that warded and protected the land from the powers
of the Wyrm. The Wyrm could not approach these places
directly without risking imminent annihilation, so it used
its mortal minions to do its dirty work.

(Desecration

The Wyrm's agents slyly proposed to the mortal world
that native burial mounds be opened and examined for
"scientific purposes." Even Thomas Jefferson, whom the
Wyrm's agents despised, fell for this plan and initiated the
first excavation. The Wyrm agents, who could not ap-
proach the holy sites, demanded that all skulls and skeletons
be taken and placed in museums, universities and ware-
houses around the nation.

The ancient bones of shamans were charged with holy
energies. The energy in the temples of science often coun-
teracts the earth energy coursing through the bones. The
lack of magic in places of science diminished the power of
the bones. Defiling the holy sites in this manner broke the

warding spells that protected the land from harm, and
allowed the Wyrm to pass. As each holy place was defiled,
the Wyrm was able to move further inland. Soon the Wyrm
secured use of the army in gutting the sacred burial mounds,
and began assembly-line grave robbery on a massive scale.

Tens of thousands of native skulls and skeletons were
stolen. Most were warehoused and never displayed. To
justify their theft, the agents of the Wyrm crafted rationales
devised to appeal to highbrows and lowbrows alike. They
told educated people that each excavation was of preemi-
nent value to understanding "societies long gone," and
many people believed them. They told the uneducated that
performing craniobiology on the skulls would prove that
natives had inferior brains and thus were not equally
human; many people believed that, too.

It is a testimony to the power of the Wyrm over the
colonists and their descendants that no scientists or legis-
lators ever questioned the need for so many native skulls,
or ever demanded a plausible explanation for so wide-
spread and total a desecration.

Other holy shrines were defiled as well. Early archaeolo-
gists and fortune hunters tore open sites where the Garou
and homids had defeated and bound Wyrm monsters, again
unleashing the beasts into the world. Ancient horrors long
buried were free to roam the land and seek revenge on their
ancient captors.

20 Rage Across New York


Demon Qum

These tactics gave the Wyrm atoehold on the East Coast,
which became polluted and swollen with the surplus Euro-
pean population. The inner land, however, still stood
sacrosanct, guarded by a strong alliance between the Garou
and the Pure Ones. The Wyrm thus struck back witha secret
weapon.

As the Wyrm agents defeated the Pure Ones, they killed
the shamans, sent wise old people into prisons, outlawed
the native religion, and taught the young natives that their
old ways were wrong. They insisted that medicine did not
mean following a trail of painful symptoms to the source of
illness and healing the inner wound. Medicine now meant
numbing painful symptoms with powerful drugs.

Alcohol is a potent mind-altering chemical and, in high
doses, a powerful toxin. The Pure Ones had never experi-
enced it, and were very susceptible to its effects. The Wyrm
agents who were in charge of keeping European technol-
ogy out of the hands of the Pure Ones made sure that the
natives got plenty of alcohol.

The murder of the natives, the desecration of their holy
sites, the obliteration of their religion, and the defilement of
Gaia had inflicted deep wounds upon them. Without their
shamans and wise elders to guide them, they had no way to
exorcise the wounds.

But the Wyrm agents taught the natives to medicate their
psychic wounds with alcohol, and drink to excess every
time the pain became too great to endure. They became
addicts. When confronted with the pain that could stir them
to action, they chose the easier road of blocking the pain.
And their inner wounds opened wider.

The Wyrmcoils and grows within unhealed inner wounds.
As the natives' wounds grew greater, the Pure Ones fell
deeper under the influence of the Wyrm. They stopped
resisting and ceased to focus their anger upon their en-
emies. The Wyrm taught them to focus their anger within,
upon themselves. Wyrm demons from the Umbra trans-
ferred to the Earth plane through these wounds, and attacked
the unsuspecting Garou on their home territory.

Many natives became possessed by these demons, and
tore the tribes apart with inner strife. They became ren-
egades and sought to numb their sorrow by becoming
recklessly violent. The gashes upon the natives' souls were
so deep that they helped destroy their own people.

(Disease Spirits

Even this was not enough to stop some Pure One tribes.
They took vows against the "demon rum" and swore to
fight the hordes that invaded their home and stole their
lands. The two remaining native Garou tribes forged pacts
with their hated European kin to present a unified front to
the aggressor. They taught the natives great secrets and

helped them fight running battles against the invaders. The
Pure Ones returned to the ancient ways and revived their

Chapter One

ancient mystical rites that granted them wholeness in
combat.

Their Ghost Shirts let them partially phase into the
Umbra, where they rode around enemy bullets. They learned
to use the Umbra to their benefit, cloaking them until they
were ready to attack their larger foe, and then vanishing
again after the enemy recovered from the shock and rallied.
These hit-and-run guerrilla tactics worked beautifully, and
Gaia's worshippers were poised to stop the expansion.

After some spectacular defeats, and the destruction of
some powerful Wyrm entities at the hands of the Gaia
worshippers, the Wyrm agents avoided the battlefield and
left their settler pawns to take the brunt of the native wrath.
Though the news was kept from the settlers, the natives
were readying to halt the expansion and create vast tracts of
land under Gaia's protection.

The Wyrm was further distracted by the eruption of the
Civil War. The war was the culmination of centuries of
Wyrm plotting, and the Wyrm relished the agony it pro-
duced, but the Civil War also diverted the attention of the
Wyrm's agents and pawns. While the Wyrm's minions
attended to matters like draft riots in New York, the Pure
Ones had more time to solidify their holdings, which were
mostly in the northern territories.

To stop the reassertion of Gaia's power, the Wyrm
concocted another betrayal. Wyrm agents within the U.S.
government launched the first germ warfare assault in
American history. They knew that smallpox was deadly to
many natives, and arranged for smallpox-infested blankets
to be sent from disease-ridden Civil War hospitals to the
natives setting up their defenses in the cold northern re-
gions.

The effects were immediate and devastating. The Pure
Ones died in droves as the Garou howled in their helpless-
ness and rage. Wyrm demons of disease circled their
homelands, and blighted everything they touched. Many
Garou perished fighting these malevolent spirits. Far more
Pure Ones died.

Dissolution

Slowly the Pure Ones realized they were doomed. They
fell into a deep state of perpetual mourning as they watched
their civilizations fall apart under the crushing onslaught.
Organized governmental regiments systematically hunted
down and killed entire tribes, and force-marched unresist-
ing survivors to barren stretches of useless land. These
desolate areas were selected by the Seventh Generation,
and were devoid of natural resources, Gaian energy or
sacred sites. The exiled Pure Ones were forbidden to leave
the wastelands and return to their homelands, and they were
also forbidden to visit their sacred sites.

The Wyrm's minions built forts and war monuments on
some of the sites, in order to poison the well of Gaian
energy and reverse the flow of geomantic magic. This gave
the Wyrm greater power and sickened the environment.

21

The tattered bands of Pure Ones are now scattered across
the once-Pure Land, forbidden to teach the ancient ways of
healing to their young. Many think their culture is doomed
to extinction. The hour of Apocalypse is at hand.

Colonial Resistance to the

Wyrm in New York

The Wyrm launched a two-pronged assault on the New
World. While its supernatural minions assaulted the Garou
and the spirits that served Gaia, its mortal minions and

pawns strove to keep the human population wounded, = a

fearful and rife with corruption. But that proved a very
difficult task. Free from Europe's stifling restrictions, and

heady with the spiritually and physically clear environment

of the New World, many colonists turned their backs on the

old ways. The Age of Enlightenment, begun in Europe,

questioned many fundamental assumptions that provided
steady power to the Wyrm.

The philosophers of the Enlightenment questioned the
ability of anyone to wield absolute power and not be p
corrupted by it. They questioned the wisdom of allowing an
elite few to control the tremendous resources of the land.

They promoted the somewhat heretical notion that all men

were created equal.

In the stifling, Wyrm-ridden courts of Europe, these i fe
ideas seldom got past the stage of impassioned discussions. f ‘5
In the rarefied air of the New World, however, anything
seemed possible — including a new way of life, in which atl
men wielded power only with the consent of those over
whom they presided, and could be held accountable if their
exercise of power transgressed the inviolable rights of
anyone.

These were radical ideas, and they frightened the Wyrm's
minions as much as they excited the men who proposed y) 3
them.

The Wyrm infiltrated the hearts of powerful men in the
colonies, many of whom sold their loyalty cheaply indeed. ‘
In many colonies they kept the people in lock-step, fearful
of strangers, hateful to the natives, and willing to submerge
their interests, rights and wills to powerful tyrants. 4 .

New York was not one of these places. Its cosmopolitan
heritage bestowed upon the city a tolerance and level of
cooperation unknown in many other colonies.

In 1683, New Yorkers solidified their belief in a Bill of
Rights, which made freedom of religion and trial by jury
the laws of the land. King James II lashed back and revoked
the charter, but when he was toppled in 1688, the New
Yorkers resumed their rights. A few clever Black Furies
and their human allies launched a popular rebellion calling
for a fully representative government. This revolution was
cruelly put down, but it sowed seeds of the greater rebellion
to come.

22 Rage Across New York


As Gaia's ideals flourished in New York, the members
of the League of Five Nations pressed their case. They
insisted that all men treat each other like brothers, and
people of Old and New Worlds learn to live as equals and
partners. The Wyrm's minions were furious at this asser-
tion, and rejected it. But the free-thinking New Yorkers,
heavily influenced by transplanted European Garou, agreed.
In 1687, they forced King James II to grant the tribesmen
equal status and protection under law as full subjects of the
realm. It was an unprecedented move that would benefit
New Yorkers in many ways.

The natives were free to concentrate their attacks on
Wyrm-dominated French settlements that housed Wyrm
creatures. The French military governor of Canada lashed
back by slaughtering the entire English town of Schenectady.
Cooperation between the New Yorkers and the natives was
instrumental in beating back Wyrm aggression during the
French and Indian Wars. This alliance would later help
build the American Revolution.

Free Communication

"Ill-Minded and Dissaffected Persons have lately dis-
persed in the city of New-York, and divers other Places,
several Scandalous and Seditious Libels, but more particu-
larly two Printed Scandalous Songs or Ballads... tending
greatly to inflame the Minds of His Majesty's good Sub-
jects, and to disturb the Publick Peace."

—William Cosby, ruling governor of New York, 1734

The Wyrm met staunch resistance from many disparate
sources in New York, and was unable to take control. The
Garou, the Pure Ones, and Gaia's spirit followers had a
strong, quiet impact on the thinking of the New Yorkers.

The rule of the English kings was tainted with Wyrm
corruption, and many New Yorkers shared the Gaian vision
of a unified people in control of their own destinies. They
banded together to criticize and resist their monarch's
improper exercise of absolute power.

When these men of conscience printed their complaints
in the four-page New-York Weekly Journal, the Wyrm did
nothing. When they publicized their complaints in song,
however, the Wyrm lashed back. Powerful Wyrm minions
in the Seventh Generation secret society used their high
connections in the ruling governor's office to persecute the
offenders. The Wyrm's minions knew that newspapers
have limited circulation, but that songs can rouse a nation.

Using a rigged trial, the Seventh Generation prepared to
sentence John Zenger, a printer, for "seditious libel," a very
serious offense in colonial America. Furthermore, the cult
used powerful spells to incline the jury toward the prosecu-
tion, and sent thugs to harass all those who backed the
publisher. But two very different forces of Gaia came to
Zenger's rescue.

The Garou of the Glass Walker tribe had been acclima-
tizing themselves to the city of New York for some time,
and saw the trial as a great opportunity to hurt the Wyrm.
Though they did not know of the Seventh Generation's
powers, they did know that forces of the Wyrm were
mobilizing. They used earth magic to free the minds of the
jury, and tore into the thugs with tooth and nail. Regretta-
bly, they lacked the sophistication to further affect the trial.

But former attorney general Andrew Hamilton came to
New York to speak on behalf of the radical notions of
freedom of expression and freedom of the press. These
notions of openness and freedom of thought touched the
human core of each jury member. It took them 10 minutes
to find Zenger innocent. This simple act sent off a pulse
throughout the colonies that would erupt in the shockwave
of the American Revolution. Governor Morris would later
recall it as "the germ of American freedom, the morning
star of liberty which subsequently revolutionized America."

When the Revolution came, a third of its battles were
fought in New York, and New Yorkers won many of the
most decisive victories. This holy ground consecrated the
new democracy in America. New York City served as the
first U.S. capital, before the seat of government was moved
to Philadelphia.

The openness and tolerance that characterized New
York served as a beacon to the people of Europe, and they
flocked to New York. By 1825, New York was first in the
new nation, in population, trade and agriculture.

The Garou vs. the Wyrm

The Garou lost all ability to control the size of the human
population, and then lost the desire to do so. Only the Red
Talons desired a return to the Impergium; indeed, they
wished to tear into the city on a massive scale. Because of
their distrust of men, however, they were the last Garou to
arrive in the New World, and had the least influence.

The Wyrm repeatedly tried to taint the people, and its
minions concentrated on dragging down the happy and
prosperous city. When they failed through governmental
means, they tried to divide the city along class lines, pitting
rich against poor.

Agents of the Wyrm stirred up hatred among the many
groups crowding into the city, and sparked the draft riots of
the Civil War. After the war, the Wyrm tore the city apart
along racial lines, and used the old-boy network in city
business and politics to stop the rise of women's suffrage.

Despite this, New York did not collapse into chaos. Men
and Garou of good conscience worked together to keep the
city alive and healthy. Hiawatha's distinctly American
dream would again blossom.

Chapter One


BRIDGES op

Rage Across New York


From Ottowa to Albany the story is the same,

The governments continue four hundred years of shame,

Though they call it progress, genocide's the name,

In the land of the Cree people.

Grandfather, hear my cry,

From the Earth, our Mother to the Sky

How man)
Before they're satisfied?

of my family will have to die,

— Magpie, "Land of the Cree People"

The Garou do not accept the conventional boundaries
drawn by homid governments and Cainite manipulators.
Instead, their view of the world is based on their tribal
protectorates and holy sites. If a territory is dominated by
another power group, the Garou see it only as a blight on
their protectorate. This includes human cities, Wyrm-
tainted pollution sites, faerie compounds, haunted chambers,
and vampire havens.

The Garou seldom have the patience to make fine dis-
tinctions, like those between American government areas
and Canadian government sites, or Camarilla havens and
Sabbat refuges. Unless there is aclear functional difference
(like two sides actively warring on one another) the Garou
find it irritating to have to keep up with such fine points.

They see the areas of the state of New York (and all
lands) as a series of protectorates. These areas are not
established like homid territories, which tend to surround
cities. Rather, these areas tend to extend around open
spaces, with cities along the borders. Since the Garou often
dislike water travel, rivers and lakes also form boundaries.
They are usually named for natural formations, like moun-

Chapter Two

tains, valleys, rivers, lakes and plains. The only exception
is New York City itself, which has no major natural
formations (and is not considered a protectorate by many
Garou).

There are five Garou protectorates in New York: the
North Country, the Catskill Mountains, Niagara, the Finger
Lakes and New York City (which includes Long Island and
part of Jersey City, New Jersey). A large part of southwest-
ern New York is part of a Pennsylvania protectorate.

The North Country
Protectorate

Most of upstate New York is dominated by the huge
Adirondack Park, the biggest park in the continental U.S.
The North Country is bordered by Canada to the north,
Vermont to the east, and Lake Ontario to the west. The St.
Lawrence River divides the land from Canada, and is the
setting for the spectacular Thousand Islands.


Most of this stunningly beautiful land is filled with
breathtaking forests, sparkling rivers, vast wilderness, and
the tallest mountains in New York. These mountains house
the great Caern of the Sentinel.

The North Country area was torn with bloodshed during
the Revolutionary War, and Garou tribes continue that
bloody tradition today, as Get of Fenris, Shadow Lords and
Uktena skirmish over the Caern of the Sentinel. Angry
Wendigos and Red Talons stalk the northern border, add-
ing instability to a dangerous region. (The Wendigo tribe,
which makes its home in Canada, calls this region the
Adirondack Protectorate rather than the North Country
Protectorate. To them, the real North Country is New-
foundland.)

In addition to the tribal packs, multitribal packs, such as
the Black Axe Pack and the Saranac Stranglers, range over
the Adirondacks and parts of southern Canada. The Black
Axes have a base in the Black River and the Saranac
Stranglers can be found near the Saranac River, though the
Get of Fenris claims this site and contests the Stranglers'
use of it.

There are other supernatural entities here as well. Wyrm
spirits scream through deep gorges, and Black Spiral Danc-
ers lurk far beneath the mountains in a network of secret
caverns and tunnels. The Garou seldom organize their
tribes to fight their mutual enemies.

Deep in the waters of Lake Champlain, a monster dwells.
Similar to the Loch Ness Monster, "Champy," as the locals

call it, is only sighted occasionally, and proof of its exist-
ence is still wanting. It is in fact one of the Great Beasts. It
sometimes swims from its Umbral Glen into the physical
lake, where it can be seen by humans. Bull Roarer, the
chieftain of the Uktena, can summon it through the Umbral
passageways to the Niagara River with his Gift.

One hundred years ago, at the end of the 19th century, a
group of Garou Kinfolk fought to stop the destructive
exploitation and rampant development of the North Coun-
try, which had killed all the natural wolves. They created
legislation called the "Forever Wild" statute, which pre-
scribed measures for preserving the natural character and
beauty of the place. Lumber and mining have since dried
up, leaving the place wild and free for tourists and Garou
alike. Many nearly extinct species are on the road to
recovery because of Forever Wild. Whitetail deer, moose,
black bear and salmon are all staging a comeback here,
though the wolves and big cats have been utterly elimi-
nated. The Garou tribes put aside their infighting and are of
one mind on this: the remaining species must be preserved.

The city of Utica is on the southern fringe of the North
Country Protectorate, and Schenectady, Albany and Troy
are in the extreme southeast part of the area. The Garou
tribes of the North Country sometimes send packs to these
human cities to clean up Wyrm sites, but they do not
maintain any real ongoing presence in these cities. The
multitribal packs regularly visit the cities in homid form,
and keep up on the latest news from the humans.

The Catskill Mountains
Protectorate

The Catskill Protectorate stretches from the Hudson
River Valley to Syracuse, and is dominated by the Catskill
Mountains, Catskill Park, and the lush Hudson River Val-
ley. New England is to the east and New Jersey is to the
southwest. New York City lies to the south.

Homids view the Catskills primarily as a resort and
hunting area. The Garou know the Catskills to be a place of
power dominated by an enclave of faeries. The faeries do
not usually menace Garou as long as the Garou stay far
from their territory, which is near Woodstock. The Garou
covet the faerie land, since it is a power site that could be
acaern, but they have never mounted a full-scale assault to
take it.

Few Garou live in the Catskills. A strange Stargazer
operates an observatory on the highest peaks, and once in
arare while hosts a Stargazer revel. The mysterious Silent
Striders maintain a meeting site down in the Hudson River
Valley. No one can say why the two most reclusive Garou
tribes are drawn to the area, but it may have to do with the
abundant faerie magics there. The multitribal Blood Rover
pack ranges freely through the territory, sometimes head-
ing into New York City. The pack is rumored to have

Rage Across New York

Garou
Protectorates
of Mew York:

connections to the faeries. There are Fianna in the lower

Hudson are

way from the domain of the faeries.

The cities of Troy, Albany and Schenectady are on the
northern border of this area. The Erie Canal reaches the
Hudson River near Troy and Albany, connecting New
York City to Lake Ontario, Lake Erie, and the rest of the
western United States.

The Niagara Protectorate

The Niagara area is dominated by the spectacular U.S.-
Canadian waterfalls. This powerful spot is the site of a
nearby caern, the Caern of the White Water. It is tended by
a sept headed by Uktena and Fianna. Uktena Kinfolk
natives from the nearby Tuscarora Reservation help the
Uktena tend the sept. Though new packs often spring up
around this sept, there are currently no multitribal packs
based in the Niagara Protectorate.

The agents of the Wyrm have repeatedly tried to stifle
the Falls' power over the human imagination. Despite
multiple attempts to restrict homids' view of the Falls and
take over the caern, the Wyrm has never been successful.
The breathtaking beauty of the Falls remains an enduring
symbol of Gaia's power to inspire love and courage.
Daredevils hurtle themselves over the edge, and lovers take
a much more courageous plunge by marrying here.

This protectorate is bordered by Lake Ontario to the
north, Canada to the east, and Pennsylvania to the south,

Chapter Two

and includes the city of Buffalo. The Erie Canal, which
connects Buffalo and Lake Erie to New York City and the
Atlantic Ocean, terminates here. The Fianna tribe main-
tains an ongoing presence in the city of Buffalo.

The Finger Lakes
Protectorate

The Finger Lakes area is one of the most mysterious
places on the East Coast, and is the holiest place in New
York. This beautiful region is blessed by five deep, blue
lakes that form the shape of a delicate handprint, and five
lesser lakes near them. These incredibly deep glacial lakes
are unique geological structures, and their waters are so
pure the homids of the Finger Lakes region use them. for
drinking water without filtering or treatment. The Garou
say that the lakes are areas where Gaia reached down and
scooped the Wyrm out of the land. Since then, the area has
had a mystical nature, and has always attracted spiritual
people. Some just came for power, but many stayed to do
Gaia's work.

The great Hiawatha had a vision here. This vision led to
the creation of the Council of Five Nations, which Hiawatha
dedicated to a democratic form of government that re-
spected women's rights and the equality of all men. Frederick
Douglass was drawn to the Finger Lakes to publish his
newspaper, the North Star, and advocate equality. Harriet

27


Heaven

I think I'll go to heaven,
There I will lay me down.
Leave all the pain behind me,
Bury it in the ground.
Oh, maybe I am too simple.
Maybe I am too wise.
Maybe I'll go to Heaven,
Heaven is in your eyes.

— Julie Gold, "Heaven"
Heaven is not a real geographical place, but a code
name for an underground railroad which transports
children escaping abuse. It comprises a roving chain of
safe houses across the U.S., Mexico, and Canada.
Heaven also exists on the road, in cars, trucks, mobile
homes and campers. Heaven is organized by Loba
Carcassone, the Silver Fang protectress, and her Heaven
pack. It is staffed by a few of her homid Kinfolk, as well
as hundreds of former victims of severe child abuse and
others sympathetic to the cause. They volunteer to put
their lives and safety on the line to defend children's
rights and safety.
They offer refuge to parents and children fleeing
abusive spouses and mothers forced to kidnap their
children from abusive husbands who win custody vic-

tories from corrupt or antiquated judges. Their main
function, however, is to provide safe havens for chil-
dren pulled from the clutches of the Wyrm and the
Seventh Generation torturers, and begin a lifelong
healing process that requires physical, emotional, spiri-
tual and magical support. Children who lack this healing
will grow up to become as corrupt as their tormentors.

The hosts of Heaven have strong defenders to battle
the Wyrm, magical charms to throw hunters off the
scent, spells to ease the psychic pain of children who
have experienced the Wyrm's tortures, and skilled
counselors who can nurture children's resilient psyches
and enable them to grow again after the Wyrm's depre-
dations.

Heaven's main headquarters is a constantly moving
camp that roves around the New York area and some-
times strays into New Jersey, Connecticut and Canada.
The Silver Fang Loba Carcassone spends most of her
time making the rounds of the organization's North
American safe sites to coordinate their activities, but
she always returns to the Finger Lakes base camp to
restore her energies.

Her associates are all prepared to die to defend the
children, and many have. Only through the very highest
level of sacrifice can they keep the children safe.

Heaven is a also a power group, and is listed in
Chapter Three.

Tubman made her home here, and used the area as an
important part of the Underground Railroad. Hundreds of
slaves passed through this region on their way to freedom.
Susan B. Anthony came here to lead the fight for women's
suffrage and hold the first Women's Rights Convention.
Seneca Falls, site of the Seneca Women's Lodge and
birthplace of the women's rights movement, is now the site
of the National Women's Hall of Fame. The Oneida started
their peaceful community here, near the Oneida River.
Joseph Smith had a mystical vision at this spot, a vision that
he used as the basis for his Mormon Church. Mark Twain
called the place "the garden of Eden," and spent many
happy years near the Finger Lakes. Here he wrote some of
his greatest stories.

The secret behind this recurring pattern of inspiration is
a great caern, the Caern of the Hand of Gaia. When the
Garou first came to the New World, the Wendigo, Uktena
and Croatan shamans celebrated the sanctity of the Finger
Lakes region by building a great caern and worshipping the
spirits of the land. Unfortunately, the shrine came under
heavy assault by invader Wyrm minions and Black Spiral
Dancers.

The Garou temporarily lost control of the shrine, but a
multitribal force headed by the Children of Gaia reclaimed
it, and has protected the caern ever since. The New York

Children of Gaia packs now make their home in the Finger
Lakes region, living among the pastoral peaks and valleys
that separate the spectacular lakes. The Black Furies proved
invaluable in deciphering and interpreting the spirit of the
caern, and have also made their home here. The multitribal
pack Wood Riot dwells here as well, and the nomadic
multitribal pack Heaven returns here more often than
anywhere else.

The natural power of this land displays itself in many
ways, from the spectacular local flowers and wine, to the
modern Underground Railroad called Heaven, to the
groundbreaking way the city of Rochester (a large city on
Lake Ontario, just north of the Finger Lakes, and within the
sphere of influence of the caern) guarantees the health of all
its citizens.

Under the gentle guidance of caern spirits and Children
of Gaia Kinfolk, the people of Rochester worked out an
extraordinary health plan for every citizen. They control
costs, insure every person, and make sure the system can
pay for itself. Despite Wyrm-backed interference, the twin
philosophies of equality and healing remain uppermost in
the public mind.

Their Gaia-inspired work is now the envy of other
communities, who used to insist that not everyone could get
health care, and that many people inevitably had to be left

Rage Across New York

behind, unhealed and unhealthy. The Rochester plan now
serves as a model for the rest of the homid nation. The
members of the Sept of the Hand of Gaia point to this
accomplishment with pride. The sept maintains a small
group of Garou in both Rochester and Syracuse, and has
built a rapport with both local citizen's groups and city
government.

New York City

To most homid inhabitants, New York City is a power-
ful, dramatic, exciting place to live. To most Garou it is a
toxic waste dump long overdue for destruction and renova-
tion. Garou know that the city is a testimony to the vanity
and arrogance of the homids, but do not realize it is also a
monument to their ingenuity and craft.

Most Garou do not recognize the valuable, life-affirm-
ing properties of the city. The werewolves (with the
exception of the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers) see
New York City as a Wyrm abomination: the largest and
most dangerous Hellhole in the world. Most Garou believe
open space creates freedom, while confinement creates hell
on earth. The state's Garou refer to New York City as "The
City," and they say the words as distastefully as they can.

New York City still stands as the Weaver's greatest
achievement on Earth. It embodies the most diverse pattern
woven into the smallest area. It is ironic, then, that part of
the city's strength was forged by the forces of the Wyld.
Even today, vast, green, growing areas burst impudently
through the concrete and glass. Many of these areas, like
Central Park in Manhattan, are powerful spells woven from
the essences of plants and trees; these areas refreshen,
purify and recycle New York City's spiritual energy. Just
as a wetland purifies both air and groundwater in the
physical environment, the parks and gardens purify the
domain of the soul. They keep the city from completely
falling to corruption, mayhem and decay, despite the con-
stant assault of the Wyrm on both the physical body of the
city and the spiritual bodies of its inhabitants.

New York City is a world of extremes. It soars to
perilous heights with offices and apartments that scrape the
sky, and plunges to impossible depths with a multilayered
subterranean maze of subways and utility caverns winding
through the bedrock far beneath the city streets. Pentex
officials plotting in towering penthouses to Black Spiral
Dancers infesting the deepest maintenance tunnels: all are
aspects of the Wyrm cancer that slithers throughout the
city. To combat so resourceful a foe, the Garou must adapt
to the times.

The first thing infiltrating Garou must master is the task
of speaking like natives. Garou of lupus stock often have
difficulty communicating with homids, and sometimes
sound like rustic country bumpkins. Even Garou of homid
stock have trouble communicating with humans. Since
they are plucked from mortal society during their early
teens and sent to live in the wild, their speech is often

Chapter Two

stunted and their reading skills underdeveloped. Silence
and body language are emphasized in the wild, and basic
speech suffers for it. The Glass Walker tribe alone stays in
close proximity with homids, and keeps abreast of changes
in the language, whereas a Get of Fenris trying to obtain
maps of secret Pentex drilling sites may be completely
stymied by an informant's offer to fax him the documents.
The Bone Gnawers spend enough time among homids to
decipher new changes in speech, but they don't speak with
humans enough to develop strong speech skills.

Manhattan

Manhattan Island is the nexus for all activity in the city.
Though their residents might not agree, the other boroughs
are mere satellites of the exhilarating power and majesty of
the main island. New York City is the heart of New York,
Manhattan is the heart of New York City, and to the Garou,
Central Park is the heart of Manhattan. From their verdant
nest, the Garou of the Sept of the Green field all challenges
to Garou supremacy. Outside this oasis of sanity and peace,
the city is a loud, dirty and punishing place to live. The
Wyrm is winning here, as people coarsen their hearts to
survive.

But the battle is not completely one-sided. The Statue of
Liberty, towering from its island off the southern tip of
Manhattan, stands as a testimony to the power of tolerance
and cooperation. In the United Nations Building, on the
east side of Manhattan just below Central Park, diplomats
from all over the world try to live that spirit and create
consensus with their fellow humans. Other soaring achieve-
ments, such as New York's staggering array of well-stocked
museums, its great universities, and its architectural mar-
vels like the Empire State Building and Brooklyn Bridge,
all pay tribute to the triumph of the human spirit.

Still, the power of the Wyrm is considerable. Agents of
the Wyrm have turned whole pockets of the World Trade
Center into Wyrm strongholds, and no Garou dares venture
in them. The tunnels that intersect the subways and run
below the utility corridors are infested with Black Spiral
Dancers, who only come out on raids.

Much of the city is a stark contrast between crushing
poverty and gilded opulence. Tensions over wealth and
survival rock the financial capital of the world to its core.
The very poor and the very rich both struggle for pennies:
one fights to gain some, and the other fights to keep from
losing any. There is no resolution in sight.

The Wyrm seeks to subvert the noblest works of man.
The art world is filled with glorious expressions of the full
range of human emotion, but it is also rotten with vampires
and Wyrm beasts out to subvert and destroy the very artists
who struggle to hold a mirror to the soul of their species.
The music scene and theatre world are similat
as the Wyrm attempts to annihilate the noblest
of humanity. The New York club scene, whe: i
to revel in their humanity and celebrate their comt

Toxic Waste Map Key

1) MTA Gun Hill Bus. Complex

2) Hexagon Laboratories

8) Hamilton Ave. Piers

4) Silver Rod Drug Co.

5) Rear of Bush Terminal Building

6) Fifth and Smith Streets, Carroll Gardens
7) Spring Creek

8) Empire Electric Co.

9) BQE/Ansbacher Color and Dye Factory
10) Phelps Dodge Refining Corp

11) Quanta Resources

12) Amtrak Sunnyside Yard 2

13) Deknatel

14) R.T. Baker and Son Machinery Salvage Co.
15) Arden Woods Estates, Inc. 2

16) A&A Landfill, South Ave.

17) Pergament Mall/Corniche Dry Cleaners
18) Allied Prince's Bay

18) Levco Metals Property

Rage Across New York

©
Pelham Bay

4 Landfill

(inactive)

©, Flushing 0;

X10 Maniews Garden:

Soap a oak
Bhat coi

=a

Jninerators

(Denied by MY. State)


likewise infiltrated by minions of the Wyrm, who seek to
transform joy into depravity and misery.

New York City Pollution

Oh, tell me again, I need to know.

The forest had trees, the meadows were green

The oceans were blue, and birds really flew,

And you swear that was true?

—Tom Paxton, "Whose Garden Was This?"

After the Garou Kinfolk plotted to create the first Earth
Day in 1970, the New York Times crowned New York City
the "pollution capital of the world." Since that time, New
Yorkers have rallied to clean up their rotting city, and have
succeeded in great measure. New York Harbor is reviving
from PCB contamination. Drinking water is again fresh.
There are more birds and safer beaches. Even the air is
improving. But though New Yorkers have won some cru-
cial skirmishes, they are losing the war — and they know
it.

Here are some specific sites where the Wyrm lurks and
pollution thrives. See the Pollution Map of New York City.

Garbage

New York has a nightmarish problem with garbage.
Every day New York City alone regurgitates a staggering
54 million pounds of garbage. A total of 34 million tons has
been dumped on one site — the Fresh Kills landfill on the
western shore of Staten Island. This problem was high-
lighted by the garbage scow that had to float for weeks
before it could find a dump site that would take its load. A
recycling law was passed despite powerful opposition by
industry officials and Wyrm agents, but will not go into
effect until 1994. The Wyrm's minions are already plan-
ning to sabotage it. So trash is still dumped or incinerated.
The incinerators create a second hazard: air pollution.

These dump sites are noxious, disease-infested moun-
tains of garbage. They are filthy with rats, carrion birds and
Wyrm creatures. The incinerators produce huge, billowing
clouds of noxious black ash that settle over the buildings
like dark shrouds, smearing everything in their vicinity
with black, chalky grit or gray, greasy oil.

Trash Skrags

The dumps are haunted by vicious Trash Skrags. They
are humans possessed by Wyrm beings that enter Earth's
plane through the landfill, which is a wound on Gaia's
body. They look like hideously deformed street people, but
are composed of rotting meat and covered with tiny mag-
gots that burrow in and out of their lesion-encrusted flesh.
They lurk around dump sites and attack passersby. Like all
such creatures, they serve the Wyrm, and are sent out as
killers on special missions.

Rage: 10, Willpower: 6, Gnosis: 4, Power: 40

Charms: Possession, Incite Frenzy, Infest. (Trash Skrag
leaders also have the Gifts of Quicksand and Avalanche,

usable only in garbage dumps.) Power Cost is 2 for each
"gift."

Special: Every time a Garou succeeds in a bite attack on
a Trash Skrag, she gets a mouthful of poison, which causes
a Disquiet Gift effect on the Garou. (Roll five dice vs. the
Garou's Willpower each time she succeeds with a bite.)

Quote: "Come! Come taste my rotting flesh, dog-breath.
Your Kind likes to eat putrid old bones and maggoty meat!
Come taste this ripe and tender thigh meat! Eat your
stinking fill!"

Ash Skrags

When garbage is burned, Trash Skrags transmute them-
selves into Ash Skrags.

Rage: 10, Willpower: 6, Gnosis: 4, Power: 40

Charms: Possession, Incite Frenzy, Venom Blood, Body
Wrack, Fog of Ash (like the Curse of Aeolus, but this gift
creates a thick cloud of ash and black dust through which
Garou cannot see. Adaptation negates the effects of this
gift.). Power Cost is 2 for each "gift."

Quote: "We's really Trash Skrags, nice, clean wolf! We
just burns off two little letters to becomes Ash Skrags. Ain't
thats a kick in the head? Let me shows you!"

New York's sewers are actually a brilliant engineering
triumph. They properly separate and treat the raw sewage
before the final waste water is dumped. Unfortunately, the

Chapter Two


system is now being overworked by the escalating popula-
tion. The system works during dry weather. When it rains,
however, tons of rainwater flood into the system and
overload the sewers. The floodgates open and the untreated
sewage spews into the local waterways. Because of the
high concentrations of toxic metals from factories and
chemical plants, the sewage cannot be recycled into com-
post.

Water Pollution

For many years, two General Electric plants near Albany
dumped huge amounts of highly carcinogenic PCBs into
the Hudson.

The PCBs mostly stayed near the dump sites until
minions of the Wyrm arranged for the removal of the Fort
Edward Dam, which spilled the PCBs directly into the
lower Hudson. The area was so deadly that mariners
deliberately brought their boats here so the toxins in the
water would kill the marine borers destroying the hulls of
their boats. Under great pressure from Garou Kinfolk and
their homid allies, New York finally stopped the plants
from dumping.

Since then, the river has improved, but a massive cleanup
ahead. Fish have become highly contaminated,
greatly decreasing New York's fishing industry and put-
ting unknown amounts of potent carcinogens in the mouths

of countless New Yorkers. The Hudson is further polluted
by raw sewage and toxic waste dumps.

There are rumors of many foul things lurking in the New
York City waterways and sewers, including piranha-fomori
and huge, Bane-ridden alligators. These things have found
their way into local homid folklore, and there may actually
be a truth behind the urban legends.

Drinking Water

Although some lakes in the state are so clean the city
pipes water directly from them into homes, New York
City's drinking water has been reviled around the world for
its foulness. Now, however, the city's water is among the
purest in the nation, superior in taste to many name-brand
bottled waters. It comes directly from the Catskill and
Delaware water reservoirs. Unfortunately, this situation
may not last, for as the areas around the reservoirs are
developed, contaminants spill into the water.

The biggest threat to the water supply, however, is the
swollen population of New York. As more people fill the
city and resist conserving water, it becomes increasingly
likely that New York will have to use the polluted Hudson
for drinking water. The Wyrm's minions love the prospect
of that, since they could easily subvert the costly disinfect-
ing system, destroy the fragile ecological balance of the
river, and pour vast amounts of tainted water down the
throats of trapped New Yorkers.

32 Rage Across New York


il Spi

A major oil spill in Arthur Kill, Staten Island devastated
the local waterway. The oxygen levels in the water became
too low to support life, and an eleven-mile stretch of river
became a desolate, lifeless wasteland. The area between
Staten Island and New Jersey became a major breeding area
for Wyrm creatures like Oil Banes.

Several Pentex refineries in Brooklyn and New York
have been bleeding toxic oils under the streets of the city.
This slow seepage has taken its toll, and now Brooklyn and
Queens are floating on a sea of slime. This slime occasion-
ally bubbles to the surface, and unfortunate humans who
contact it are turned into fomori. The slime is slowly
gaining sentience as an undiluted manifestation of the
Wyrm on Earth, and is now a nexus crawler with a Power
of 80. The area is in direct connection to a portion of the
Umbra controlled by the Wyrm.

Oil Bane

These Banes float in the Umbra near oil spill sites or
refineries. They must possess someone to operate in the
physical realm; they usually choose refinery workers or
even oil-drenched animals. When possession is complete,
oil from the Umbra entirely covers the possessed person. If
the Bane leaves (or is chased away), the possessed person
returns to normal, but may become deranged when witness-
ing oil-spill disasters.

Rage: 7, Willpower: 5, Gnosis: 4, Power: 40

Charms: Possession, Venom Blood, Body Wrack, Open
Wounds. Power Cost is 2 for each "Gift."

Image: A short humanoid or animal covered in brackish
oil and dripping sludge.
oxic Sites

There are two dozen officially identified toxic waste
sites in New York City alone, and many more are still
undiscovered. These toxins taint an area, causing it to be
more receptive to the Wyrm. Many Wyrm creatures cannot
live outside these desolate areas, but inside they breed and
grow strong.

There are countless varieties of poisons here, from
leachate (a fluid leaked by garbage dumps) to paint solvent
to radium. Infant mortality and child leukemia are higher
near these areas, though the government denies the connec-
tion. Parasite and tumor fomori lurk near these sites, killing
and maiming.

"New York City looms high above us, a towering
indictment of our monumental failure. The failure called
the Impergium. Eight million people stacked upon one
another higher and higher like dry-rot wormfood
cordwood, scuttling over one another like a nest of
roaches, clawing and ripping the weak apart over
crumbs and less than crumbs.

"We watch rampant overbreeding befoul streets,
contaminate rivers, pollute minds and defile souls. The
alleys are awash in tainted blood, filling up the choked
gutters, flooding over onto the grime-encrusted, traf-
fic-choked boulevards, leaving the streets dirtier than
before. We created suspicion, fear, hate and madness in
the minds of men. And I weep for them.

"In their overzealous pursuit of the Impergium, our
ancestors created a world they could never have fore-
seen. Those grizzled wolves that spat with rage at the
sight of an extra baby in a homid tribe would be struck
blind to see the paralyzing eruption of population.

Mankind is a ticking time bomb ofa race, and the real
explosion has not yet occurred. But it shall erupt very
soon, and rock this poor, suffering world to the core. I
weep for us. Unless our young are more clever than
their forebears, the City shows us we are food for the
Wyrm."

—Kydo Mirror-Lake, Uktena
Air Pollution

Since Congress passed the Clean Air Act in 1970, New
York's air has improved dramatically. Nonetheless, it still
has a long way to go to be considered truly clean. Lead is
out of the air, but carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, nitro-
gen dioxide, ozone and soot abound. The worst problem is
ozone, one of the major components of smog. As long as
gas and diesel vehicles clog the streets, the air over the city
will be choked with pollution.

A new form of air pollution has cropped up in sealed
office buildings, as toxins in carpets, insulation and build-
ing materials coagulate in the air and cause "sick building
syndrome."

Wiblife Destruction

Every year the Garou howl in mourning for the loss of
more species of animals and plants. As New York City's
few wilderness areas vanish, and migrating birds try to land
in the Arthur Kill oil spill, animals die horrible deaths that
feed the Wyrm's love of anguish. The only animal that
prospers in these conditions is the rat. There is one rat for
every person in New York City, and the rat population is
growing faster than that of the people.

Chapter Two



The Hole in the Soul

The two remaining native Garou tribes bear deep spiri-
tual wounds from their experiences in the New World. The
Wendigo and Uktena tribes hold themselves responsible
for the loss of the entire Croatan tribe, and feel as if a third
of their spirit body is dead.

The three tribes that came to the New World on Gaia's
land bridge formed bonds stronger than life itself during
their passage. They purified themselves as the homids did,
and became bound to one another. Despite their differ-
ences, they became one people, far closer than any other
tribes of Garou. Just like the homid Pure Ones with whom
they traveled, they became one in many ways — physical
as well as spiritual. For example, their jaw and fang
arrangements contain striking similarities unknown among
the Old World tribes. The Pure Ones also have a unique
tooth structure among men. The Garou of the Uktena and
Wendigo tribes always have Type O blood, regardless of
the lines of homid or wolf with which they breed. Similarly,
all Pure Ones have Type O blood. These features are results
of their journey to the New World: a journey that had a
reality-altering effect on them all, and bound the three
tribes together.

Chapter Three

But when the Croatan tribe was wiped out, the Uktena
and Wendigo suffered a wound that stretches to the Umbra
and back. They are in constant psychic pain from the loss.
The Garou from the New World are oblivious to this inner
wound, and see the two native tribes as sullen, self-pitying,
ineffectual isolationists who are too prone to the frighten-
ing despair of Harano.

Cruelty to Children

The Garou can be cruel to their young as well as to the
homids, and sometimes unknowingly perpetuate the very
horrors against which they fight. Some rites of passage are
horrible experiences that violate the pups' trust and leave
them scarred. Not all rites of passage betray the children.
Originally they were all designed to be performed with love
and respect for the pups. However, fear and selfishness
caused many of the sacred coming-of-age rituals to be
corrupted into dangerous, soul-scarring ordeals.

The same Wyrm-ridden fears that drive humans to
commit atrocities upon their own children also lurk in the
half-man/half-wolf souls of the Garou. The Wyrm cannot
be driven from the Earth until it is purged from the hearts
of Garou as well as the hearts of homids.


Not to worry —
Whistle, I'll be t
Demons are prow]
Everywhere,
Nowadays.
I'll send ‘em howling,
I don't care —

I got ways.

—Stephen Sondheim, "Not While I'm Around"

The Black Furies have long been drawn to the mystical
energy of the Finger Lakes. They sought out the Caern of
the Hand of Gaia, which the Uktena had just lost to the
Wyrm. There are very few Black Furies in the world, but
they hold the caern with a force beyond their numbers.
From their sacred spot in the Finger Lakes, they work
through their Kinfolk to spark a revolution in rights for
women,

In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the Furies
defended great homid leaders of the women's movement
and protected the early suffragettes from attack. Their
Kinfolk told the leaders of this fledgling movement that
they would be safe at the Finger Lakes, and the human
women responded by holding their first meetings there,
under the watchful eyes of the Black Furies, as the males of
some other tribes grumbled under their breath.

The Furies have tirelessly guarded the Caern of the Hand
of Gaia for 400 years, and many Furies have given their
lives in its defense. It is a source of great joy and greater
frustration to them that they feel the call of the Caern of the
Hand of Gaia, but cannot understand its message. Priest-
esses of the Furies have deciphered bits of it, but all they
know is that the Apocalypse is entering the world through
homid children. This message terrifies them, and has made

Rage Across New York

them secretive and possessive about the shrine, for fear that
the Get of Fenris or the Red Talons will launch an attack on
mortal society. Because the repercussions of such an attack
would be disastrous for Garou society, they risk closing the
caern that they promised to keep open to all.

Some militant Furies are now openly agitating for clo-
sure of the shrine to all outsiders until the message can be
deciphered. Moderates insist that the best shamans and
Theurges from all tribes be invited to plumb the depths of
the spirit's voice. The Children of Gaia are aware of the
growing struggle, and counsel for the shrine's continued
operation.

From what little the Black Furies have been able to
decipher of the message from Life of the Nation, they
realize that the homid medical community is helping to
provoke the Apocalypse. They do not know the extent of
the horror perpetrated by the Medical Caste of the Seventh
Generation, but are on its trail. The Furies are eager for
more information about the Seventh Generation, and will
reward informants handsomely.

When the Furies begin to get a picture of the scope of the
Seventh Generation, they will have a special stake in the
fight against it. Their plan will revolve around subverting
it from within. They will plan a propaganda war in homid
form, to flush out the enemy, and an all-out attack in Crinos
form.

There are only 17 Black Furies in the New York area. All
but two are in the Sept of the Hand of Gaia. The other two
are adjunct pack members of the Children of Gaia packs
that are based in Rochester and Syracuse. The tribe is run
by the old Alani Astarte. Her position is envied by Kula
Wiseblood. Other important New York Black Furies in-
clude the Theurge veteran Nadya Zenobia, the very young
Ragabash Oriel Paloma, and the ancient, enigmatic Philodox
Flintnail Great-heart, who is suspected to be the oldest
Garou in the New York area.

Alani ‘Astarte

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy 5,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 2, Leadership
5, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Medicine 3, Occult 2,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 3, Pure
Breed 1

Gifts: Persuasion, Staredown, Disquiet, Assimilation,
Reduce Delirium, Call of the Wyld, Dreamspeak, Assimi-
lation, Shadows by the Firelight, Sense Wyrm, Curse of
Aeolus, Coup De Grace, Body Wrack, The Thousand
Forms

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 118,000; Honor 59,000; Wisdom
118,000

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of the Opened Caern,
Moot Rite, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge,

Chapter Three

The Badger's Burrow, Rite of the Shrouded Glen, Gaia's
Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil, Luna's Gossamer Thread
(Level: 3, Gnosis: 5. A small spool of silver thread which
can be tied as a tripwire before the entrance to a caern, The
thread will split when any omen of danger threatens the
caern or sept. It is then up to the Theurges to divine just
what the danger is and send out a pack to divert it.)

Image: Alani is an old, tough-as-boots governess, with
agentle face that can become stern and stormy in an instant.
Her glossy black fur has become somewhat faded with age,
and the metallic silver highlights in her fur have faded to
gray. In human form she is a gentle old African-American
grandmother with a shock of white hair. She wears old-
fashioned black dresses.

Roleplaying Notes: Alani is tired with years of care, but
like a pup she swells with excitement and purpose at any
hint of a part of her world garden that needs tending.

Background: Alani was born early in the 20th century,
and has seen the New York Black Furies through a lot of
changes. She helped the group moderate the wrath it held
toward homid women, whom the tribe regarded as hope-
lessly docile and soft.

Under her attentive rule, the Black Furies have helped
protect the women's rights movement as women moved
into the American workforce. She also uncovered signs of
the Defiler Wyrm's predations on children, and the com-
plicity of people in the medical community. This is her
most critical concern, and she feels the need to pass the
mantle of leadership to a follower who understands the
need to fight the Wyrm creature menacing the homid
children. Most of the contenders for rule are far more
concerned with attacking the Wyrm than defending and
healing the children.

The other Furies think she is most concerned with
learning more about the Defiler Wyrm, but her true passion
is finding a suitable successor who understands the world's
desperate need for healing.

Kula Wiseblood

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2, Melee 3,
Leadership 2, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 1, Occult 4,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: Smell of Man, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Inspi-
ration, Visceral Agony, True Fear, Coup De Grace, Silver
Claws, Wasp Talons, Clenched Jaw

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 4


Renown: Glory 50,300; Honor 30,000; Wisdom 20,300

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Ostracism

Fetishes: Wyld Bag (Level: 4, Gnosis: 9. This is a cloth
sack containing a Lesser Wyldling who is deep in slumber.
When the bag is untied, it awakens and rages out of the bag,
attacking anyone toward whom the bag is opened), Baneskin,
Wyrm Scale

And their parents
Must go where the worl

Image: Strong, fast, terrifying jet-black wolf without a
single light color in her pelt. In human form she is a tall,
striking white woman with short, spiky, raven-black hair
and a muscular body. She is 33 years old.

Roleplaying Notes: Kula is a bitter, rancorous warrior
who constantly thirsts to bring the battle to the Wyrm. She
has no qualms against pointing out Wyrm influence in
anyone, even allies.

Background: Kula is one of the most successful Wyrm-
fighters on the East Coast. She is a legend among all the
other tribes. Her ability to sense even the faintest manifes-
tations of the Wyrm has made her diabolically effective at
sniffing out and killing vampires, Garou who are influ-
enced by or have gone over to the Wyrm, and homids who
are unwittingly bringing the Wyrm into the world.

Her solution to all these situations is to kill the offenders.
She rejects the notion that some of these can be used as
potential allies, or even healed. She maintains that if the
Life of the Nation spirit in the Hand of Gaia caern felt
strongly about healing the vessels of the enemy, it would
say so directly.

Kula feels she is next in line to succeed Alani as the
governess of the remnants of the Black Fury tribe. She
knows Alani does not favor her, and hopes Alani cannot
find a more worthy successor before she undergoes the
ritual of abdication.

Bend like a willow to weather the storm
Now the boom's gone to bust and we're down on the dole boys
No treasure laid up but family and friends
It's pull up stakes now or pull up stakes later
For a laborin' man the road never ends.
—James Keelaghan, "Boom Gone to Bust"

The Bone Gnawers have flocked to New York City in
droves, seeking a tolerant environment with surpluses they
could cache. They are allowed to live freely in New York,
and have found peace and allies among the Glass Walkers
under the rule of the Glass Walker chieftain Kleon Win-
ston. Certain Bone Gnawers have even made alliances with

38

Rage Across New York

the very potent New York society of Nosferatu, serving the
outcast Kindred like faithful dogs.

Because they manage the Sept of the Green in Central
Park, the local Bone Gnawers have gained a measure of
self-respect and self-assurance. They are the envy of visit-
ing Bone Gnawers, and the objects of ridicule by other


Y . Af 2 Aen
Hundo Chunder

Garou visitors, who often do not feel that Bone Gnawers
should be allowed unrestricted access to a caern, let alone
stewardship.

There are 60 Bone Gnawers in the state. Forty-nine
dwell in New York City. The rest are scattered between the
other cities. A few are nomadic, hitchhiking through the
state and spending very little time in the cities.

The Sept of the Green in Central Park is run by a Bone
Gnawer, Mother Larissa (see the Werewolf rulebook for
stats). She is assisted by Hundo Chunder. Other prominent
Bone Gnawers include the anarchist Raff, the boisterous
Ragabash Bernice Goldman, and Rufus March, who pio-
neered the growing Bone Gnawer tradition of hitchhiking.

Hundo Chunder

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 4,
Drive 2, Leadership 2, Repair 2, Stealth 4, Survival 3,
Investigation 2, Law 1, Politics 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Kinfolk 1, Mentor (Mother
Larissa) 4

Gifts: Persuasion, Blur of the Milky Eye, Cooking,
Blissful Ignorance, Jam Technology, Gremlins, Reshape
Object

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 9,000, Honor 21,000, Wisdom 28,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition

Chapter Three

Fetishes: Monkey Puzzle
Image: Hundo is a mottled brown wolf of indeterminate
shade. He is very thin and angular, and has large, floppy
ears. In homid form he looks skinny and gangly. He is an
olive-skinned Italian-American with large, searching eyes,
and badly cut, shaggy black hair. He is 26.

Roleplaying Notes: Eager to please, excited by anyone
who takes an interest in him, like a big, friendly house pet.
But he has a very serious side, which shows up when he
discusses the caern.

Background: Hundo is an able assistant to Mother
Larissa. He is an amiable Bone Gnawer, and is eager to help
out the less fortunate. He helps administer the revels that
take place around the shrine, and makes sure that none
abuse the site.

He was born Hector Condorni, but he changed his name
after his first transformation, to signal the death of his old
life. He has no guile, no reckless ambition to control the
caern, and no knowledge that Mother Larissa considers
him the next in line.

Bone Juice

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Investiga-
tion 2, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Gifts: Cooking, Smell of Man, The Falling Touch,
Razor Claws

Rage 7, Gnosis 2, Willpower 4


Rank: 1

Renown: Glory 6,000, Honor 3,000, Wisdom 2,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Images of the Lost (Level: 1, Gnosis: 6. This
is an old, battered milk carton with pictures of missing
children on it. When activated, the carton shows the loca-
tion of the person the fetish holder is thinking of. It will
simply show the image; the fetish holder has to recognize
the place himself. Bone Juice hides this fetish from others,
as he is planning to use it to find his meals.)

Image: Bone Juice looks like a great red hyena. Inhomid
form he is a tall, surly white man with reddish-brown hair

and prominent facial scars. He dresses in grubby sports
attire. He is 20 years old.

Roleplaying Notes: Bone Juice has a bad attitude through
and through. He hates everyone.

Background: When Bone Juice was a starving pup, he
came to a great realization. Why should he starve in the
midst of eight million succulent, fat, domesticated animals
that are just waiting for him to scarf down their tender
flesh? His fellow Bone Gnawers are horrified at his plan to
eat homids, and have sworn to take a hard line with him to
make him stop. He has backed off lately, but is gathering
adherents to his beliefs. Unfortunately, he is a poor leader,
and alienates many of those who agree with him. But he is
learning.

—Bill Stanes, "Listen to Earth"

The Children of Gaia have a rich history in New York.
They settled in the Finger Lakes area, and communed with
Gaia at the Black Furies' caern. Under the guidance of the
local spirits, they set up a community based on a renewed
commitment to Gaia's principles. They mixed with the
human population and helped build settlements. They
strongly advocated Gaian beliefs, and lived those prin-
ciples to set an instructive example for the homids.

Their homid friends and Kinfolk built inclusive commu-
nities all around New York, communities founded on the
principles of Gaia. These colonies thrived despite addi-
tional pressure from the minions of the Wyrm to subvert
them. They were living examples of ancient Gaian tenets
and practices. Some rules they advocated aloud, while
other rules remained unspoken but were followed with
gusto. They advocated democratic, anti-authoritarian poli-
tics; a love of innovation; spontaneity and playfulness in
adults as well as children; freedom and high status for

women; emphasis on the well-being of all citizens; and a
hedonistic, permissive attitude toward sex and pleasure.

In the fresh new world, the homids were free of old
restrictions, and open to a newer, happier way of life. Male
and female Garou and Kinfolk lived these principles and
had a grand old time doing it. It was exciting to follow their
lead. They took a lot of flak from other homids, but they
laughed off criticism.

Their work paid off handsomely. Their settlements had
better relations with the natives than most, and soon be-
came a refuge for destiny's children. People who were
working for democratic principles flocked to the Finger
Lakes to set up shop. Susan B. Anthony, Frederick Douglass
and Harriet Tubman all made this area their headquarters in
their struggles to free people from the oppressive domina-
tion of the Wyrm. The Garou and Children of Gaia Kinfolk
provided them with constant protection and a cadre of
followers.

40 Rage Across New York

Pearl River

There are 33 Children of Gaia in New York; most are
based in the Sept of the Hand of Gaia. Seven are in
multitribal packs around the state. They are organized
around democratic, egalitarian principles, and have a tribal
structure equivalent to that of early natives: a female is in
the central legislative position, while a male is in the central
executive position.

Pearl River is the female to whom the tribe looks for wise
and judicious policy, and True Silverheels is the male on
whom the tribe relies to carry out that policy. Other promi-
nent Children of Gaia include the old Lore Keeper Theurge
One-Song, the Ahroun war hero Judith Justus, and the
Galliard healer Garlen Way-of-the-Sunrise-Gaia. The lead-
ers of the Rochester pack are the very young female
Theurge named Sky-Sips-the-Spring-Waters, and the young
male Philodox William Collier.

Pearl River

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 5, Expression 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 2,
Leadership 5, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Kinfolk 4, Past Life 3

Gifts: Persuasion, Spirit Speech, Mother's Touch, Calm,
Sight From Beyond, Pulse of the Invisible, Dazzle, Spirit
Friend, Spirit Ward, Ultimate Argument of Logic, Seren-
ity, The Living Wood

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 40,000, Honor 100,000 Wisdom 140,000

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Binding, Rite of Talis-
man Dedication, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of
Summoning, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge,
Rite of Caern Building

Fetishes: Spirit Tracer, Sanctuary Chimes, Sacred Soil
(Talen; Gnosis: 4. This is spirit earth which was carefully
tended and purified before it was removed from its Umbral
Glen. When carefully placed into a plot on the ground, it
will instantly sprout any seed, causing the plant or tree to
experience one year's growth for each success on the Soil's
Gnosis roll (difficulty 8)).

Image: Pearl is a white-gold wolf with a gentle muzzle
and a graceful walk. In homid form, she is a middle-aged,
mixed-race woman with long, lightly curled, pale brown
hair, and sensible clothes. She has a serene, youthful face
that shows care, but is not yet creased with it.

Roleplaying Notes: Smile and listen patiently. Sigh
occasionally.

Background: The ruler of the Children of Gaia is the
wise shaman Pearl of the River. She carefully listens to the
council of her followers, and institutes the policies that
True Silverheels executes. Because of this unique co-
leadership arrangement, emissaries from other tribes often
believe that True is the real leader, while Pearl is an advisor.

Pearl is faced with the challenge of trying to unify 12
tribes that often want to tear one another to bits, focusing
their energies in one direction, and making that direction
the path of helping and healing each other, mankind, and
the living world. At times she fears she will be unable to
accomplish even the first step of this plan, and despairs for
the tremendous power squandered by reckless infighting
and short-sighted vanity. Nonetheless, she perseveres and
searches for a clear purpose to unify her people.

She has taken several Kinfolk as lovers, and has contin-
ued her line of Kinfolk in several litters.

Crue Silverheels

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2,
Leadership 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 3, Pure
Breed 1

Gifts: Persuasion, Inspiration, Resist Pain, Staredown,
Luna's Armor, Silver Claws, Reshape Object, Serenity,
Stoking Fury's Furnace, Cocoon

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 70,000, Honor 40,000, Wisdom 30,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Contrition, Rite of
Cleansing, Rite of the Totem

Chapter Three 41


Fetishes: Silver Sword, Clay Pact (Level: 5, Gnosis: 7.
This is a small ceramic plate with the paw imprints of all the
members of True Silverheels' old pack. By activating it,
True can create a Mindspeak (the Galliard Gift) with any of

his pack, no matter how far away they are — even if they
are in the Deep Umbra).

Image: True is a shaggy brown wolf with collie mark-
ings. He looks like a friendly dog. In homid form, he is a
white man in his early 40s with dark hair and chiseled good
looks.

Roleplaying Notes: Eager, assertive interest in every-
one. He genuinely likes everyone, even the most annoying
and unpleasant.

Background: True Silverheels is a vigorous man with
boundless reserves of energy. He is ruggedly handsome
and vigorously pursues hedonistic pleasures. He has many
connections in the local towns, and helped Rochester
institute its ground-breaking health care plan. He helps
Loba Carcassone find safe places for the homid children in
the Heaven network.

In daily practice, True confers with Pearl River and then
carries out the tribal policies she institutes. Because he is
the most visible symbol of tribal power, many Garou of
other tribes think he is in charge, just as white settlers
thought that native tribes had all-male chiefs because they
saw only men carrying out policy.

The Fianna tribe of New York has arich
its members came over with the Irish, S¢
immigrants who settled in New York and
City their home. The lush lakes of up§
reminded the Garou of their native lands, aad th
ally bonded with their new land very quickly:

42

Rage Across New York

an

ng on shaky ground,
air with sound.
e singer down.
@ the music,
ful, you could lose it

ause they were so connected to the land, they were
to hear the pain of the White Water Caern as the Wyrm
to devour it in the middle of the 19th century. They
to its rescue, and now share the duty of tending it with
Uktena.


Some Fianna feel comfortable in the city, and have taken
to the local nightclubs and bars. They have formed bonds
with many homids in the New York music scene, and some
young city Fianna have even entered into productive alli-
ances with vampires of the Toreador clan.

There are 30 Fianna in New York. Twenty are organized
around the Sept of the White Water, while the rest are either
in the southern Catskill Protectorate and New York City, or
are ranging freely with multitribal packs. The lively Riordan
Cliffgrazer leads the pack, and is ably served by the
powerful Ahroun Sean McBride and the enigmatic Theurge
Wyrdbwg. The young Gwyn Creiddylad is the leader of a
New York City contingent of Fianna; this group is secretly
in league with Toreador vampires and hopes to reshape the
New York art scene.

Riordan Cliffgrazer

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 2, Melee 3, Leadership 4,
Performance 4, Survival 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Kinfolk 5

Gifts: Call of the Wyld, Persuasion, Resist Toxin,
Staredown, Glib Tongue, Disquiet, Faerie Kin, Phantasm,
Bridge Walker, Assimilation

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 60,000, Honor 30,000, Wisdom 60,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Wounding,
Stone of Scorn, Satire Rite, Rite of the Shrouded Glen

Fetishes: Oberon's Brew (Talen, good for three drinks.
Gnosis: 8. This is potent Faerie ale, rumored to be the
special brew of the King of the Seelie Court. Drinking it
automatically activates it, forcing the imbiber to make a
Willpower roll versus the Brew's Gnosis to avoid becom-
ing totally plastered. If he loses, he will party unexhausted
into the night with a +3 to all his Social Dice Pools. Once
morning comes, however, he will crash hard, and no one
will be able to awaken him for a week. When he does
awaken, he will have a splitting headache for the rest of the
day and be at -2 to all his Dice Pools), Titania's Wine
(Talen, good for two drinks. Gnosis: 6. This is the cure for
Oberon's Ale. If forced down the throat of the sleeping
imbiber, the sleeper must make a Stamina +2 roll versus the
Wine's Gnosis. If he loses, he awakens with no headache.
If he wins, the Wine has no effect), various talens.

Image: Huge, hulking, red dire wolf with piercing green
eyes. In homid form he is a looming Irish-American with a
shock of red hair, a thick red beard, and piercing green eyes.
He is in his late 40s.

Chapter Three

Roleplaying Notes: A hearty laugh at most of life, and
a quick temper.

Background: The Fianna of New York are ruled by
Riordan Cliffgrazer, a chieftain of enormous appetites and
great passions. He is a bounteously mirthful Garou who
writes the most mournful songs. He is a gifted musician and
a very violent combatant. He will turn on anyone who
disobeys him, or who menaces the tribe or those the tribe
protects. He shows little mercy to his foes until he is sure
the threat they pose is nullified, whereupon he treats them
with the kindness and forgiveness usually reserved for a
wayward child who has come home. He has even forgiven
his tribesmen who served as pawns for the Wyrm, but only
after they repented and begged forgiveness.

His policies have been to take a hard line with the Uktena
when they try to take more control of the Caern of the White
Water, and to forgive and forget their grasping as soon as
they back off. This decisive nature characterizes all his
doings.

His connections with Kinfolk in various New York
police departments have painted a picture that disturbs him.
Besides standard corruption and graft (often vampire-
based), he has seen a new strain of corruption emerge from
several city governments at once. There seems to be a
greater willingness to overlook the most virulent of child
abuse crimes, and to release well-connected people ac-
cused of violent molestations. The government officials in
question all seem to have connections to political pundit
Arnold F. Arbulent.

Riordan is looking into the matter, and would be very
grateful to anyone who can provide information about, or
recount an experience with, these shadowy people. He does
not know about the Government Caste of the Seventh
Generation, but is on its trail.

The Get of Fenris came to the New World in several
waves. A particularly strong strain arrived with a fierce
band of Hessian troops during the American Revolution.

The Get earned the wrath of many other Garou when
they usurped the Caern of the Sentinel and laid claim to the
entire Adirondack Range as their domain. During the late
17th century, Valka Great-thorn, a warrior woman of the
Get of Fenris, simultaneously attacked Wyrm and Uktena
forces, who were fighting over the Caern of the Sentinel.
Weakened from their bloody battle, both the Uktena and
the Wyrm forces lost. The Get took over the caern, and
earned the undying hate of the Uktena. During the early
18th century the Uktena briefly recaptured the shrine with
the help of the Shadow Lords. Unfortunately, they fell to
squabbling with the Lords over the specifics of the caern's
use. While the two tribes were consumed with infighting,
the Get reattacked, and won.

No other Garou accept the Get's claim, but many prefer
not to challenge it. The Wendigo tribe finds the Get's greed
particularly insufferable; its members lope down from
Canada on a regular basis to harass the Get with lightning
strikes. The Uktena shun the Get of Fenris during inter-
tribal gatherings, and have long demanded that the Get
surrender the Caern of the Sentinel to them.

The Uktena are too weak and divided to retake the caern,
and the Shadow Lords refuse to forge another alliance with
them. However, the Shadow Lords have made their home
near the Sentinel Range in the Adirondacks, and refuse to
be budged. They protect their territory with a zealous fury,
in direct challenge to the Get. It is no secret that the Lords
are planning a second challenge to the caern. The Get claim
they have no fear of the Shadow Lords, and will defeat all
comers. Nevertheless, they have softened their policy on

44

feen in this world so mean,

@ choice, I am the child of war.
7 —Conamara, "Child of War"

exclusive use of the caern, and have allowed small groups
to gain access to it.

A splinter group of young Fenris Garou have split from
the main tribe to reside in and around New York City. In
homid form they are neo-Nazi skinheads, and often pick
bloody fights with smaller, weaker groups of Garou. The
other tribes have complained to Arn Guth Stormbright, but
the Fenris leader insists he has no control over the renegade
pack. However, the Silver Fangs have scolded the Get for
losing control and have demanded they chastise their way-
ward young.

Rage Across New York


There are 34 Get of Fenris in New York, but only 22 are
inthe Adirondack Sept of the Sentinel. Seven are "skinheads
in New York," and the rest are in multitribal packs or alone.

The leader of the Sept of the Sentinel is Am Guth
Stormbright, and his war council is made up of Gregor
Steinhardt, Trask, and Jarl Rader. Stormbright's illicit
union with the courageous warrior Bladetooth secretly
produced the twins Aeschylus and Antigone. Aeschylus
now leads the New York Get of Fenris skinhead pack
"Bastards of Fenris." He prefers to be called "Pink Tom."
No one knows where Antigone has gone.

Aen Guth Stormbright

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4, Leadership 4, Melee 4,
Survival 3, Law 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 4

Gifts: Razor Claws, Smell of Man, Resist Pain, Snarl of
the Predator, True Fear, Staredown, Might of Thor, Clenched
Jaw, Scream of Gaia, Hero's Stand, Horde of Valhalla

Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 140,000, Honor 80,000, Wisdom 50,000

Rites: Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, Rite of the
Hunt

Fetishes: Runes of Doom (Level: 5, Gnosis: 6. When
this sack is flung into a stormy sky, the wood-carved Runes
will spill out and float in the air. All on the battlefield who
view the Runes will see dark omens of their futures. Roll
the Runes' Gnosis versus each viewer's Wits + Enigmas. If
aviewer loses, he becomes demoralized, obsessed with this
future event (the event is up to the Storyteller). The viewer's
combat Dice Pools are reduced by one and the effect is
semi-permanent; the victim must try to alter his fate or wait
until it passes before his Dice Pools return. The Runes can
only be activated once per cycle of the moon).

Image: Pure gray wolf, with no spotting or marks except
a great scar over his face through his dead left eye. In homid
form he is a beefy, broad-nosed Norwegian-American with
gray hair and beard, and a huge jaw. He is in his late 40s.

Roleplaying Notes: Jut your chin in a tense, stoic, "I
speak to no one for fear of what they might learn" position.
Purse your lips as if trying to hold back the confession of
shame. Scowl with suspicion, doubt, a tiny morsel of fear,
and anger, anger, anger.

Background: Arn Guth Stormbright is a heroic wolf
who claims to be the reincarnation of the great Stormbright
of Norway, who crushed an invading Wyrm sea serpent in
the days of Eric the Red.

Chapter Three

He leads his wild, berserker wolves in sweeping, re-
morseless guerrilla raids on Pentex's northern operations.
He has lost a lot of his tribe in these raids, but refuses to
relent. Some in his tribe say he has become suicidal over the
defection of his former lieutenant, Bladetooth, to the Sept
of the Hand of Gaia.

Unknown to the rest of his tribe, Bladetooth was his
lover, and she fled to secretly give birth to metis twins. The
male metis, Aeschylus, now leads the wild skinhead pack
"The Bastards of Fenris" in New York City.

Stormbright is afraid to take action against the group
because he saw their teenage leader once and was so struck
by the resemblance that he is now sure it is his son. He
rejected his councilors' suggestions that they secretly ma-
nipulate the Bastards for their own ends, and also refused
to grant his pack's demands that he challenge and destroy
the impudent youths. Crippled by his the ugly secrets of his
past, Stormbright is becoming an ineffective leader. But he
clings to power with a frenzy born of desperation, and
refuses to concede a bit for fear that the truth will come out
if he loses control of the tribe.

To keep his lieutenants from toppling him, he keeps
them very busy chasing the Wyrm's tail, attacking both
Wyrm areas and untainted construction sites.

His vacillating, fearful rule has made the Get very weak.
A concerted attack from the Shadow Lords would find the
Get a very disorganized foe. To retain a measure of power,
Stormbright is seriously contemplating an alliance with the
Red Talons, followed by an all-out stealth assault on human
cities, killing the homid leaders who are tainted with the
Wyrm.

Bladetooth

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4, Melee 3, Survival 3, Occult
3, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: none

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Sense Wyrm, Resist Pain,
Scent of Sight, Catfeet, Venom Blood

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 15,000, Honor 10,000, Wisdom 30,000

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Binding

Fetishes: Fang Dagger, various talens

Image: Bladetooth is a great gray wolf with tawny
stripes down her head and back. Her jaws are hug
snap entire Garou heads in a single bite. Her fé x
with sadness. In homid form she is a stout,
blond woman. She wears plain, gray, unadorn


Bladetooth

Roleplaying Notes: Sorrow, regret and shame tempered
with a newfound devotion to protecting homid and Garou
young from rough treatment.

Background: Bladetooth served the Get of Fenris with
courage and distinction until she fell in love with Arn Guth
Stormbright, the tribal leader. He resisted their love, but
she pursued him until she won him. When their union
produced metis cubs, she was overcome with horror and
fled. The Black Furies harbored her and raised her pups,
Aeschylus and Antigone. Bladetooth considers herself an
outcast from her own people, and has sworn never to return.
Because the Get do not know that she had metis pups with

their leader, they see her defection as a self-serving be-
trayal.

Aeschylus fled the Black Furies, and rebels against his
parents by leading a savage pack of New York Garou
skinheads. Antigone also fled and has not been seen since.
The broken-hearted Bladetooth is now a devoted guardian
of the Caern of the Hand of Gaia, and is considered an
enemy by the Get.

Aesdrylus

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Gifts: Create Element, Resist Pain, Razor Claws, Sense
Wyrm

Rage 9, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Rank: |

Renown: Glory 7,250, Honor 5,800, Wisdom 1,450

Rites: none

Fetishes: none

Image: Aeschylus is a scrawny, teenaged, hairless metis
with pink-gray skin and a surly, bitter face. He has covered
his hairless body with hate-slogan tattoos, ritual scarring,
and body rings. In homid form he is a beefy, broadnosed,
Norwegian-American teenager with a bald head and a huge
jaw. He dresses in studded black leather.

Roleplaying Notes: Angry, energetic, insulting young
man. Juts his jaw, purses his lips and scowls exactly like
Stormbright.

Background: Aeschylus is an angry, defiant metis who
despises homids, elder Garou, and women. Most of all,
however, he despises the Get of Fenris. He doesn't know
who his father is, but suspects he is an important leader.

He is not very strong, but he is fast and cunning, and
fights dirty. He makes all the members of his skinhead
pack, Bastards of Fenris, ritually shave their fur and tattoo
their skin to look like him. They are a frightening sight, and
Get of Fenris members who have made special trips to New
York to spy on them consider them a fearsome group. They
attack any who get in their way, and have sparked a lot of
racial violence in the city. He has shunned the name
Aeschylus, and now goes by the name "Pink Tom."

Rage Across New York

Glass Walkers everywhere. Walkers from all over the
world visit, and go home marveling at how gracefully and
completely the Glass Walkers have integrated themselves
into the largest and most complex city in the world.

The tribe's secret is that it was in New York from the
beginning. Because of its members' close connections with
men, they were on the early vessels of exploration that
sailed from Europe and helped settle the New World. As the
first Garou tribe to visit, they received the brunt of the
native tribes' anger over the invader homids. Though they
helped the Wendigo, Garou and Croatan tribes fortify
against the Wyrm, the native tribes never truly forgave the
Glass Walkers for allowing the invader homids to settle the
Pure Land. This short-sighted view contributed directly to
the loss of the entire Croatan tribe, and still keeps the native
tribes from being truly effective in dealing with the invad-
ers.

The New York Glass Walkers have a long history of
active cooperation with the forces of the Weaver that built
the cities. They infiltrated local governments and demanded
that Gaian ideals be followed. They demanded that open
spaces and animals be preserved, that greedy bosses be
driven from power, and that the rights of all homids be
respected. These ideals caused New York to become an
open, cosmopolitan city. It is an accomplishment of which

Chapter Three

ly proud. When the other Garou accuse them of
cooperating with the enemy, they smile and say they
infiltrated they enemy, and subverted the Wyrm.

Similarly, the Walkers have formed an uneasy peace
with the Sabbat, which keeps both groups from utterly
destroying one another. Both sides realize that the other is
not the greatest enemy, and that getting bogged down in
organized wars would devastate both groups and aid the
real foes. Nonetheless, Kleon has no fear of siccing his pack
on a blood-crazed vampire who has snapped and gone ona
killing rampage. He is not afraid to risk the pact to preserve
the sanctity of his protectorate.

The Glass Walkers in New York are on the cutting edge
of relations with the spirits of a new age. They have made
bargains with spirits other Garou (and even other Glass
Walkers) do not understand, like spirits of electricity. They
have discovered the Seventh Generation Business Caste,
but think of it as an extension of Pentex, and do not yet
know the extent of the Defiler Wyrm's power and corrup-
tion.

There are 52 Glass Walkers in New York. Forty are in
New York City and the rest are spread out in other cities and
multitribal packs. The leader of the New York City Glass
Walkers is Kleon Winston. Heis assisted by Lupita Consuela
Corazon and Tony Chu. His chief rival is Harold Hunt, who
is assisted by Curtis Chase and Jawbreaker.

47


Kleon
Kleon Winston

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3, Drive 2, Eti-
quette 2, Firearms 1, Leadership 4, Melee 2, Performance
1, Repair 3, Stealth 2, Computer 4, Enigmas 2, Investiga-
tion 3, Law 1, Politics 3, Rituals 2, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Resources 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Spirit Speech, Control Simple Ma-
chine, Cybersenses, Staredown

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 5,430, Honor 12, 670, Wisdom 18,100

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Awakening,
Moot Rite, Rite of Passage

Fetishes: Watcher in the Watch (Level: 3, Gnosis: 6.
This is a spirit of paranoia bound into a sports wristwatch.
Whenever something endangers the wearer, the watch is
allowed to make a Gnosis roll versus a Storyteller-chosen
difficulty; if successful, the alarm will go off), Attuning
Stick (Level: 5, Gnosis: 5. This is a metal pipe from a
construction site built over an old, shut-down caern. It
allows the activator to use the Gift: Attunement).

Image: A medium-sized, dark-brown/black wolf with a
cunning face. He wears vests, hip packs, backpacks, and
carries a mix of high-tech and magic fetishes. In homid
form, he is a tall, handsome young black man with a round

Rage Across New York

"baby face" and a short haircut. He dresses in casual
sportswear and always wears a vest. He is in his early 20s.

Roleplaying Notes: Smile and laugh lightheartedly, but
turn serious very quickly when the subject of the Wyrm or
trouble in the city is mentioned.

Background: Kleon is the official leader of the New
York City Glass Walkers, and the youngest leader the
Walkers have yet had. He owes a lot but he takes the advice
of the Ragabash Lupita Consuela Corazon very seriously.

He grew up a member of a Kinfolk gang in Harlem. By
the time he realized his heritage, he was a skilled fighter and
natural leader. He finished his rite of passage and was
welcomed to the tribe by the legendary old Glass Walker
chieftain, Pride of the Pack. That ceremony was one of the
last before the revered old leader succumbed to Harano and
disappeared from New York City.

In the power vacuum that ensued, the Walkers fought for
control, with the organized crime members dominating for
many years. But the youthful Kleon, carefully following
Lupita's advice, rallied the rest of the dispirited tribe and
zoomed to the top of the Glass Walker hierarchy. Though
he has made enemies among the better-connected Garou,
his stewardship has benefited the tribe. During the three
years he has been in power, he forged ties to the city's
legions of disenfranchised and disheartened homids, and
became an official protector of many down-and-out homids
and Bone Gnawers. This gives him access to a network of
information greater than any the tribe had previously pos-
sessed, and keeps hima step ahead of his enemies in and out
of the tribe.

The real secret of his success is the fiery Ragabash
Lupita, who gives him eerily prescient council. Lupita is a
free-spirited gypsy, capricious and unpredictable. Her ad-
vice, however, is dead-on accurate. The more wild and
spontaneous she becomes, the greater her direct connection
to spirits of Gaia. Some of the more hard-line Glass Walk-
ers find her disruptive, but Kleon has taken her under his
wing, and follows her advice with great devotion. She is
fascinated with the spirits of electricity, and has become
adept at weird science and computer hacking. She gleefully
shares her knowledge with any Garou or Kinfolk who will
listen, and is a great source of news.

Kleon is hot on a trail of dirty money that is leading
straight to the Seventh Generation Business Caste leader
Chester R. Van Gelding. He will reward any Garou whocan
bring him any reliable information about Van Gelding or
his group. (He does not yet know about the Seventh
Generation.)

Kleon remembers Pride of the Pack with great fondness,
and hopes to do justice to his memory.

Harold Hunt

Harold Hunt

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4,
Drive 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Leadership 3,
Computer 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Politics 3,
Rituals 1, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 4

Gifts: Persuasion, Truth of Gaia, Control Simple Ma-
chine, Scent of the True Form, Strength of Purpose, Control
Complex Machine

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 14,000, Honor 28,000, Wisdom 10,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Roving Fortress (Level: 5, Gnosis: 8. This
limousine is Hunt's sanctuary. There are four elementals
bound into it: Earth, Air, Fire, and Water. By activating the
fetish (one roll for each) he can use the following: flame
throwers (fire), oil slicks (earth + water), and hairpin
maneuvers (air). It also has a Rite of the Shrouded Glen
active upon it, so that no spirits may spy on it). Harold also
has a clip of silver bullets for his 9mm pistol.

Chapter Three


Image: Harold is a small, brown-and-black wolf with a
mottled coat. In lupus form he has one green eye and one
blue eye. In human form he is a short, good-looking Latino
male who dresses in impeccable suits and wears gold
jewelry. He is in his 30s.

Roleplaying Notes: Grim, cold-hearted frown. Hissing,
raspy voice.

Background: Hunt is one of the Glass Walkers who
works closely with organized crime in New York, and has
strong ties to world-wide crime families. He uses the power
of these groups to combat the Wyrm, who is also strong in
the New York underground. He is from the old school of
Glass Walkers, and does not understand that electrical
spirits are forces of Gaia.

when we rest our eyes stay open,

Hunt secretly hated the beloved Pride of the Pack, and
resisted his rule. When Pride of the Pack began suffering
symptoms of Harano, Hunt rapidly moved to take power
and depose the old king. But Pride of the Pack disappeared
first. Though loyalists suspected some betrayal, there was
no proof that Hunt had done anything disloyal. During the
difficult transition years, Hunt worked to install himself as
chieftain. Unfortunately for Hunt, Kleon rocketed past him
and took over the pack.

Harold seethes with hate over his young rival's success,
and plans to bring him down. His ambition has corrupted
him, and the Wyrm grows strong in him. He is the greatest
internal threat to the Glass Walkers, and is coming under
the influence of the Defiler Wyrm. If Kleon gets close to the
Business Caste, the Seventh Generation plans to use Hunt
against him.

/e are always off to war.

It makes me think of this my friend,
Where can the quiet be?
—Ferron, "Misty Mountain"

The Red Talons of New York stay in the far north,
coming down from the mountains only rarely and with
great trepidation. They only venture into New York City
under the most extreme circumstances. They dislike most
of the other tribes, but feel a kinship for the Uktena, whom
they pity, and the Wendigo, whom they fear.

They spend most of their time fighting the Wyrm agents
who have infiltrated the Canadian Mounties and who
protect the secret Pentex sites in New York and Canada.

Though the Red Talons know little of the Seventh
Generation, they are aware that children can become deeply

corrupted by abuse. They are in the forefront of the move-
ment to kill all children who have been tainted by the
Wyrm. They feel this reasoning should sway all their
fellows, even those who do not agree with exterminating
the human population as a whole.

There is only one pack, comprising 11 Red Talons, in
New York, but it can call on Canadian packs for assistance.
The pack is led by the black dire wolf Slashes-the-Heart-of-
the-Wyrm. He is assisted by the Theurge Five Paws and the
Ragabash Heckler-of-the-Fates.

50 Rage Across New York

Slashes-the-Heart-of-the-Wyrm
Slashes-the-Heart-of-the-Wyrm

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 3,
Survival 4, Enigmas 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Inspiration, Beast Speech,
Leap of the Kangaroo, Sense the Unnatural, Sense of the
Prey, Catfeet, Heart of Fury, Avalanche, Beast Life

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 80,000, Honor 30,000, Wisdom 20,000

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Wounding, Stone of Scorn,
Rite of Ostracism, Rite of Migration (Level Two. This is a
rite performed only by the Red Talons. It is done before a
great migration of a sept, and prevents the sept from
becoming separated during the trek. During the journey,
every sept member is considered to have the Gift:
Attunement for the purpose of finding fellow sept mem-
bers. Roll Perception + Survival).

Fetishes: Ache Tooth (Level: 3, Gnosis: 7. This is an old
tooth from a diseased lupus Ragabash. The user may cause
enemies to suffer from annoying pain, subtracting one from
their combat Dice Pools. Roll the fetish's Gnosis vs. the
Stamina + 3 of the target. The effect lasts for a number of
scenes equal to the number of activation successes).

Image: A great black dire wolf with a rust-colored chest
and paws. The right half of his head and neck is rust-colored
as well. His face is in a perpetual snarl. When he must take

Chapter Three

nv
DY

the loathed homid form, he appears as a short, wildly hairy
man with a bristly red beard. He is in his late 30s.

Roleplaying Notes: Growl, slaver and spew spittle as
you talk. Snarl aggressively and give quarter to none. No
pity, no mercy, no backing down.

Background: Slashes-the-Heart-of-the-Wyrm is the
leader of the Slasher wolf pack, and is the most respected
of all the New York Red Talons. He is the most vocal
proponent of the policy of killing Wyrm-tainted homid
children.

He despises most of the other tribes, and even finds the
Wendigo tribe weak and too ready to appease the enemy.
He is drawing his tribe further and further from connections
to the other tribes, and is isolating them against the Wyrm.
He believes that in the near future he will have to lead his
people against the other tribes, and the weaker they are, the
greater his tribe's chances for victory. Thus, he uses his
power to sow enmity and discord among the other tribes; he
instigates false rumors, tricks and judicious attacks on
travelers from other packs. He hopes to see the other tribes
weaken themselves with infighting

sole ownership of the CaerrOf the Sentifiel. The Lords once
allied with the Uktena and took the caern from the Get.
Unfortunately, their failure to come to.an agreement with
the native tribe over the caern's use allowed the Get to once
again wrest control of the caern. Now the Shadow Lords are
determined to retake the caern by themselves. They hate the
Get because of the Get's reputation as the fiercest tribe. The
Shadow Lords feel that if they can take the caern without
another tribe's help, they can claim to be the greatest tribe,
dominate the intertribal moots, and wrest control from the
Silver Fangs.

Their leader, Sylvan-Ivanovich-Sylvan, rules her people
with an iron hand. She maintains strict discipline in the
ranks, and keeps her people focused on the task of taking
the Caern of the Sentinel and plumbing its mystical depths.
The few times the Get of Fenris have allowed them to
worship at the shrine, they have seen great mysteries
unfold. They know the Get do not appreciate the mystery of
the caern and are just hoarding a valuable resource.

The Lords make their home in a spectacular cavern that
used to be a popular tourist attraction. The Lords created a
series of deadly cave-ins and got the humans to mark the
place as off-limits. The deep grotto is a well-fortified
cavern, and the Lords plan to keep it as a home base even
if they take the caern.

There are 23 Shadow Lords in New York. The tribe is
run by the aggressive Sylvan-Ivanovich-Sylvan, with help
from Bela Sable and Spinecracker, two powerful Ahroun.
Shadow Lord operations in New York City are headed by

capable trickster who moves easily among
as helped the Lords gain valuable homid
resources andiinformation. Due to his efforts, the Shadow
Lords maintain ‘a strong presence in New York business
and crime.

SylvanJvanovict-Syloan

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2,
Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Melee 5, Survival 2, Enigmas 3,
Law 2, Politics 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Past Life 2, Pure
Breed 1, Resources 2

Gifts: Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw, Sense Wyrm,
Clap of Thunder, Command Spirit, Disquiet, Icy Chill of
Despair, Strength of the Dominator, Assimilation

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 40,000, Honor 30,000, Wisdom 60,000

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Voice of the Jackal

Fetishes: Klaive, Silver Scimitar (as the Sword), vari-
ous talens

Image: Sylvan is a small, stocky, black wolf with a
luxurious, thick, soft, glossy coat. She has a superior grin
on her muzzle. In homid form she is a short white woman
with black hair, exotic features and a commanding air. She

52 Rage Across New York

wears black jumpsuits with well- stocked weapon belts and
ammo packs. She is in her early 40s.

Roleplaying Notes: Wear an arrogant sneer and talk in
an aggressive, commanding voice. Brook no foolishness,
and speak of the glory to come. Stay focused on regaining
the caern, and return to that theme often. "Well said. But
how will that help us regain the caern?"

Background: Sylvan-Ivanovich-Sylvan's full name is
Sylvan-Ivanovich-Sylvan-Black-Daughter-of-Ivan-
Ironclaw-the-Great. She used to be named simply
Sylvan-Sylvan. She is a powerful, ferocious and single-
minded leader. Though she is tiny, she is solid muscle, and
a savage, smart fighter. She crushed Ivan Ironclaw, a foe
twice her size, to win control of the Adirondack packs, and
is therefore known as his daughter.

Under her leadership, the Lords have become highly
motivated and disciplined. Their numbers are increasing,
organization is strong, and morale is very high. Though
they are still outnumbered by the Get of Fenris, she believes
she will soon be able to oust them from the Caern of the
Sentinel.

She first gazed into the great pit of the Sentinel when she
was a pup, and in it she saw a great future, in which her
destiny guided her into battle against the Defiler Wyrm as
head of her people. She has found that as she moves her
destiny in line with that of her childhood vision, she
accomplishes great things.

She would like to unify her people, defeat the Silver
Fangs, and place the Shadow Lords above all tribes, but has
not yet had a vision of that. Consequently, she places little
emphasis on challenging the ancient Garou leaders, even
though delegations from other domains have urged her to.
The New York Silver Fangs appreciate her cooperative
spirit.

Carleson Quah

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5,
Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Melee 4,
Stealth 3, Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 1,
Occult 1, Politics 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 4

Gifts: Persuasion, Fatal Flaw, Open Seal, Blissful Igno-
rance, Taking the Forgotten, Luna's Armor, Paralyzing
Stare, Disquiet

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 15,000, Honor 20,000, Wisdom 20,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Helios Bauble (Level: 5, Gnosis: 6. This small
ball (fits in the pocket) can be hurled at someone (such as
a vampire). If it hits (Dexterity + Athletics), it will burst
into a blazing ball of fire. Roll the Ball's Gnosis vs. the
target's Gnosis (or Humanity). The number of successes is
the amount of flame damage taken plus the number of
rounds it continues to burn (one less Health Level per
round). Various talens.

Image: Ruah is a charcoal-gray wolf with a white
underbelly and white flecks on the crest of his forehead. In
homid form he is a short, stout, pug-nosed white man with
balding black hair and a black mustache and beard worn in
a Satanic goatee. He wears charcoal-gray suits of the exact
same hue as his Garou fur. He is in his late 30s.

Chapter Three 53


Roleplaying Notes: Smile slyly, press your forefingers
together, and listen, listen, listen. Listen for the flaw, the
hesitation, the momentary weakness, the betrayal of inner
doubt. Then pounce on it and tear it apart. Then snort
gruffly.

Background: Ruah is a clever Garou who works with
the New York City business community and underworld to
fight the Wyrm from within.

He has created a large set of business contacts and has
tricked many of his mortal enemies into backing him. He
has even successfully infiltrated Empire Oil, a local Pentex

lent Striders

Walk down that lonesome road all by yourself,

front, and keeps the Shadow Lords one step ahead of them;
this enables Sylvan-Ivanovich-Sylvan to lead devastating
raids and lightning strikes against Pentex operations in
New York.

He has also met and formed alliances with Sabbat
vampires in New York City. He has not told the rest of the
pack of the scope of his alliance, preferring to hold that as
a trump card in case he feels the need to challenge the
current leadership. He has helped the Giovanni vampires
exterminate some of their Sabbat and Camarilla foes, and
cling to their eroding control of crime rackets in New York
City.

Don't turn your head back over your shoulder.
And only stop to rest yourself when the silver moon
Is shining high above the trees.

—Lonesome Road, "The Mother Folkers"

The few Silent Striders in the area have taken New
York's vast waterways as their domain. They command
ships up and down the Hudson, in the harbor, and along the
great network of lakes that flow through New York and
Canada.

During their travels they have come across the pervasive
influence of the Defiler Wyrm through Seventh Generation
kidnappers and serial killers, and are beginning to under-
stand the scope of the problem. They have made it a high
priority to investigate these well-connected cultists.

The Striders approach no other Garou tribe with malice,
and stay on cordial, if distant terms with them all. They
have spent time in the Stargazer compound in the Catskill
Mountains, and have discussed their findings about the
Defiler Wyrm with the Children of Gaia, but have not
disclosed their discoveries to the Silver Fangs or any other
tribes.

The five Silent Striders in New York meet as a tribe very
rarely, and when they do, they gather on islands like the tiny
island with the abandoned 17th-century armory off Storm
King in the Hudson River. The leader is the Galliard
Nephthys. Other prominent members are Sekhmet and
Mother Bast. They belong to a much larger protectorate
that ranges up the East Coast. Because there are so few

Striders in the area, they have chosen larger regions to
cover. Striders from all over wander through the area on
their way to other protectorates.

Nephthys Mutat

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Expression 2, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2,
Animal Ken 2, Drive 2, Leadership 4, Repair 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 1,
Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Speed of Thought, Beast Speech,
Blissful Ignorance, Dreamspeak, Reshape Object, Distrac-
tions, Eye of the Cobra, Adaptation, Attunement, Bridge
Walker

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 45,000, Honor 45,000, Wisdom 60,000

54 Rage Across New York

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened
Caern, Ritual of the Questing Stone, Rite of Binding, Rite
of Spirit Awakening, Rite of the Opened Bridge, The
Rending of the Veil

Fetishes: Spirit Tracer, Phoebe's Veil, various talens

Image: Long, lean, blue-black wolf with sleek fur.
Long, angular jaw with a strange rainbow of peacock reds
and violets at the base of her ears. In homid form she looks
like a slender, graceful Egyptian woman. She has very dark
skin and short black hair. She is in her 40s.

Roleplaying Notes: Quiet, stately and slow. She thinks
a long time before speaking, and often says nothing. When
she speaks, it is often in questions. "Why do you ask?"

Background: Nephthys is the unofficial leader of the
Silent Striders who dwell in the northeastern U.S. and
Canada. She is wise and strong, and organizes the indepen-
dent, itinerant Striders to make sure they regularly meet to
pool vital information. She has lately become very dis-
turbed by reports of parents selling their children to unsavory
Wyrm-tainted kidnappers. She does not know the full
extent of the Seventh Generation plot, but is well on the
cult's trail.

She seeks any available information about the people
who act as Snatchers for the Seventh Generation.

Sekhmet

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 1,
Performance 2, Stealth 2, Survival 2, Enigmas |

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Resources 1

Gifts: Leap of the Kangaroo, Truth of Gaia, Speed of
Thought, Heightened Senses, Scent of Sight

Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 9,000, Honor 8,300, Wisdom 10,500

Rites: none

Fetishes: none

Image: Light brown fur with black, leopard-like spots.
Long, angular face and limbs. He wears large earrings. In
homid form he is a light-skinned Semitic man with long
black hair pulled into a ponytail and worn in an ornate
clasp. He is in his early 20s.

Roleplaying Notes: Smile an energetic and jovial smile
— well, jovial for a Strider. He likes good times and fun,
and likes to revel with the Fianna.

Background: Sekhmet is a young Strider who eschews
the conventional Strider attitude of mysterious depth. He is
bright, friendly, and enjoys making a fool of himself to
have a good time and put others at ease.

Though he wanders all over the area, he always returns
to New York City and his friends among the young Garou
and New York counterculture art scene. He has a special
connection with the Fianna, and attends their revels regu-
larly. Despite his outward manner, he is dedicated, and
follows Nephthys' instructions to the letter. He has discov-
ered more of the Seventh Generation Snatcher Caste than
most other Garou. What he has seen has frightened him,
and has made him fear for his adopted city.

Chapter Three


The days grow longer for smaller prizes

I feel a stranger to all surprises.
You can have them. I don't want them.
I wear a different kind of garment,
In my rehearsal for retirement.
The lights are cold again, they dance below me.
I turn to old friends, they do not know me...
Where are the armies who killed a country?
And turned a strong man into a baby?
Now comes the revel, they are welcome.
I wait in anger and amusement,
In my rehearsal for retirement.
—Phil Ochs, "Rehearsal for Retirement"

The Silver Fangs of the New York area are a fragmented
lot, caught up in old traditions and glories of days past.
They were vital to the defense of New York in the early
colonial days, and led glorious charges against the Wyrm.
They unified the tribes, forcing even the most divided,
fractious tribes to work together. Since those days, how-
ever, they have settled into a comfortable rut, afraid to
make new changes to confront a dramatically changed foe.
The Wyrm has completely remade itself in a new and
powerful and subtle incarnation. To remain effective com-
batants against the Wyrm, the Silver Fangs must develop
new ways and new traditions. Jacob Morningkill, the cur-
renttribal leader, suspects this, but fears becoming obsolete
and being replaced by a new kind of ruler. He has gone
partially mad, and has systematically diverted or ruined
any potential successors to his position. Thus, even as the
other tribes look to the tribe for help and unity, the Silver
Fangs are in no position to offer any real leadership.

There are 18 Silver Fangs in the area. Most of them are
in Morningkill's tribe, which is located in the North Coun-
try Protectorate, just over the New York borderin Vermont.
Three are members of multitribal packs. There are few
notable Silver Fangs because Morningkill has undercut
anyone who might be a rival. The most willful and effective
Silver Fang in New York is Loba Carcassone, who leads the
Heaven pack. (See Heaven.) She once spoke out against
Morningkill's power, but left when he started to retaliate.
She has not been back in five years.

56

Rage Across New York

Jacob Morningkill

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Rituals 5, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3, Past Life 3, Pure Breed 5

Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Persuasion, Lambent Flame, Awe,
Staredown, Luna's Armor, Wrath of Gaia, Ultimate Argu-
ment of Logic, Spirit Drain, Mastery, Mindblock, Luna's
Avenger, Paws of the Newborn Cub, Feral Lobotomy,
Reduce Delirium

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 70,000, Honor 65,000, Wisdom 135,000

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the
Questing Stone, Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of Sum-
moning, Moot Rite, Baptism of Fire, Rite of Passage, Rite
of Ostracism, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Winter Wolf,
The Badger's Burrow, Gaia's Vengeful Teeth

Fetishes: Silver Sword

Image: The old king looks like a great, sad, wise old
wolf with a sumptuous silver-white coat of downy fur. In

acob Morningkill
homid form he looks like a wise old man with a radiant
albino face.
Roleplaying Notes: In behavior, the king is two men. In

his day-to-day roles of rule maker and arbiter of fates, he is
a magnanimous, authoritative and kindly ruler. In the

presence of anyone with real leadership qualities, he flies
into a rage, and becomes a wrathful tyrant.

Background: Jacob Morningkill was appointed by the
previous tribal leader in a great ritual that invested him not
only with chieftainship over his people in the immediate
area of the state, but with guardianship over all the tribes in
the area as well.

Morningkill ruled well for many years, but slowly began
to lose his grip on reality. As he felt his grip slipping, he
feared being replaced, and reacted by taking more power
and undercutting loyal followers who would have made
good replacements. In his madness, he sent many of them
on impossible quests into Wyrm traps. He has exiled others
on foolish charges, forbidding them to return to the area. He
has even sent pups with great potential into deadly rites of
passage.

The end result of his manipulation and deceit is that no
one among the New York Silver Fangs is qualified to
succeed him. Worst of all, no one wants to. In quiet
moments, the madness lifts from him and he realizes the
terrible mistake he has made.

But too many years of pride prevent him from speaking
up and ending this horrible situation. When a potential rival
emerges, the madness returns full force, his visage changes
utterly, and he crushes his competitor without mercy or
remorse.

The dying king is taking his people down with him.

Chapter Three


—Sally Rogers, "

The Stargazers are a small and dwindling sect. They
have no large presence in New York. A few of them make
the rounds from caern to caern, but are just as likely to be
out of state as in.

Only two are ever in the area on a regular basis; these two
are Accolon and Antonine Teardrop. Accolon lives in a
New York penthouse (his stats are given in "Rite of Pas-
sage"), while Antonine lives in the Catskills, where he has
a small observatory decked out with telescopes and other
scientific arcana. He is available for consultation, and
receives Garou and Kinfolk on a regular basis.

Antonine Ceardrop

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 5, Investigation 4,
Medicine 3, Occult 5, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Pure Breed 3, Resources 2

58

Gifts: Persuasion, Resist Pain, Truth of Gaia, Scent of
the True Form, Surface Attunement, Inner Strength, Mer-
ciful Blow, Sight from Beyond, Preternatural Awareness,
Assimilation, Wisdom of the Seer, Circular Attack

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 45,000, Honor 125,000, Wisdom 80,000

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of the
Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Gathering
for the Departed, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Pas-
sage, Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Totem, Rite of the
Opened Bridge, The Badger's Burrow, Rite of the Shrouded
Glen, Rending of the Veil

Fetishes: Klaive with a paradox spirit bound into it
(provides the Gift: Distractions).

Image: Antonine has mid-length golden fur with a
white-gold underbelly. In homid form he looks like a
tanned, middle-aged outdoorsman, with leathery skin and
blond-flecked brown hair. He is 47 years old.

Roleplaying Notes: Remain supremely calm no matter
what. Smile at odd times, as if you are in on a joke nobody
else understands or has even noticed.

Background: Antonine is a wise Stargazer who has
recently been reading some frightening portents. He has

Rage Across New York

seen the Wyrm as a great hydra uncoiling a horrible new
head: a head studded with the face of screaming children.
He does not know the meaning of the omen, but he knows
the nature of the beast.

He has insisted at several revels that the destruction of
this new beast cannot be accomplished by tooth and claw,
but instead requires all Garou to purify themselves and
rededicate themselves to Gaia's true way.

He calls for all Garou to heal their own inner wounds, the
wounds of homids, and the wounds of mortal society. He
calls for a great revel in which the Garou tribes present their
grievances against one another, acknowledge the griev-
ances of others, ask forgiveness, forgive offenses committed,
and accept the forgiveness of the other tribes. Anything less
will doom the tribes to tear at each other's throats while the
enemy gloats.

His calls for tribal healing have made even the Children
of Gaia uncomfortable, and Antonine has received very
few visitors since he announced his plan.

All I see around

Sings to me of thi pas|
My generations love
Never thought I'd b
All that toiling, all 1
Birth and death and je

land.
t
ming,
pain,

It was all for nothing, all in vain.

Leaving the Land.

Leaving all I've ever been, and everything I am,

Leaving the Land.

—Mary Black, "Leaving the Land"

The Uktena in New York have a special hatred for the
other Garou who arrived with the European colonists.
These Garou, whom the Uktena call the Wyrmcomers, took
over important caerns and left the Uktena with the least
powerful caern in the state. Many Uktena believe that the
other Garou stand in the way of purifying the world, and
must be eliminated and the caerns rededicated to Uktena

Chapter Three

before the land may be reclaimed. Moderate Uktena think
they need to eliminate the Wyrm first, but will be forced to
destroy the impure Wyrmcomers to finish the purification
process.

Though these attitudes are supposed to remain secret,
many other tribes know about them, and distrust all native

59


Garou. Even when the other tribes don't know the Uktena's
attitudes toward them, they still find the native tribe diffi-
cult to work with and unpleasant. They insist that they did
not steal the sites from the Uktena, but rather rescued them
from Wyrm conquest.

Despite the local Uktena distaste for Wyrmcomer Garou,
Bull Roarer (the local Uktena leader) is one of the most
moderate members of his tribe. He is very willing to share
his caern with other Garou, especially the Fianna. This is
because his people lost the caern to the Wyrm during the
middle of the 19th century, but got it back through the
courtesy of the Fianna. A Fianna Kinfolk named Frederick
Law Olmstead used great ic muscle to wrest the site
from the Wyrm-backed developers, while the Fianna them-
selves fought the Wyrm. Instead of claiming the site for
their own, however, Olmstead and the Fianna met with the
Uktena and returned it to them, saying that they believed
the Uktena could manage it best. Since then, the Uktena
have had to soften their anti-Wyrmcomer edge somewhat.

There are 36 Uktena in New York. Most of them are in
the Sept of the White Water and stay near the caern, but the
Spirit Song pack ranges over the state. Bull Roarer faces his
main opposition from two factions: the Total War contin-
gent led by Clubfoot Razorneck, and the Uktena forces that
urge cooperation with the other tribes, led by Robert
Kinsolver. Razorneck is backed by the Philodox Snake
Howler and the Ahroun Chadra Two Heads. Kinsolver has
less support, but the powerful Theurge Kydo Mirror-Lake
has been spending a lot of time with the young man, as has
the popular Galliard Ram Horn.

Rage Across New York

Bull Roarer

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Philodox
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 4, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Medicine 3, Occult 5,
Politics 1, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Kinfolk 2

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Sense the Unnatural, Beast
Life, Song of the Great Beast, Truth of Gaia, Call to Duty,
King of the Beasts, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways, Sense
Magic, Spirit of the Fish, Call Elemental

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 7

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 50,000, Honor 120,000, Wisdom 70,000

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of
Binding, Rite of Passage, Rite of the Hunt, Rite of the
Winter Wolf, Rite of the Opened Bridge, The Badger's
Burrow

Fetishes: Croatan Song (Level: 5, Gnosis: 10. This is
one of the last surviving fetishes of the Croatan tribe. It is
very dear to Bull Roarer; he keeps it secret from most of the
tribe. Only in a hopeless situation will he remove it from
hiding. It is a flute (must be in homid form to play) which,
when blown, will play a song sung by Croatan Galliards
long ago. Any Wyrm creatures hearing it will flee in terror
— no roll required. This includes Black Spiral Dancers,
who will additionally suffer Harano).

Image: A great gray wolf with white spots. His wrinkled
skin has big pouches and rolls of flesh. His fur is well-

Clubfoot Razorne


scarred, and he is bald in patches. In homid form he is a
gruff Amerindian who wears old tribal robes. He keeps his
eyes nearly closed most of the time. He is in his 50s.

Roleplaying Notes: Gruff, surly, cranky old wolf. His
low voice cracks and he growls before he speaks, as if
clearing his throat.

Background: Bull Roarer is the keeper of the Caern of
the White Water on Goat Island at the foot of Niagara Falls.
He is an old shaman and warrior who comes from a long
line of natives that regularly produce powerful Garou. He
grew up with a great hate of other Garou tribes, and was a
powerful critic of any attempt to cooperate with them.
However, when he was a young man, he worshipped at the
caern, and received a vision from the spirit Uktena. In his
vision he inhabited the body of the Uktena shaman who lost
the caern and regained it from the Fianna. This vision
humbled him, and made him eager to share power with the
Fianna, but not the other Wyrmcomers.

Since he spent his early years opposing the Wyrmcomers,
he was trusted by hard-line Uktena. When he relented, they
relented.

Bull Roarer now tends the caern and presides over
Uktena council meetings. The biggest challenges to his rule
come from Clubfoot Razorneck and Robert Kinsolver.
Ironically, Bull Roarer most fears Kinsolver, even though
he admires the young Garou, and Razorneck has mounted
the real challenge to his authority. This is because he feels
he can control the brute force of Razorneck, but can't rein
in Kinsolver's calls for change. Though he agrees with
Kinsolver, he feels the young man is pushing for too much
change too rapidly. He prays he can keep the New York
Uktena from splitting and warring on themselves.

Clubfoot Razorneck

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 5, Animal Ken 3, Survival 4,
Occult 3, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Past Life 2

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Sense Magic, Razor Claws,
Sense the Unnatural, True Fear, Clenched Jaw

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 60,000, Honor 14,000, Wisdom 7,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Binding

Fetishes: Baneskin

Image: A hulking orange-brown wolf with a great,
broad chest, a small head, and twisted, mangled legs. She
walks slowly and stomps as she goes, but can move decep-
tively fast. Her upper body, her grip and her bite are
formidable. In homid form she is a large Amerind woman

Robert Kinsolver

with a broad face; long, black hair; a powerful upper body;
and badly deformed legs. She wears buckskin clothes. She
is in her late 20s.

Roleplaying Notes: Mean and cranky. Not a good word
for anyone. "What do you want?"

Background: Clubfoot is a deformed Garou who walks
with a pronounced limp. She has massive upper body
strength, and is a formidable fighter who towers over many
of the other Uktena.

She is the leader of the hard-liners who want total war
with the other tribes. She refuses to accept appeasement,
and is constantly looking for ways to start a war with the
Fianna and annul their claim on the caern. If that succeeds,
she wants to forbid any Garou except the Uktena and
selected Wendigo from visiting the caern.

She trafficks with spirits from the Deep Umbra, and is
coming more and more under their sway. She is not con-
trolled by them, but finds their plans and advice very
helpful. She hates Robert Kinsolver and plots to kill him.

Robert Kinsolver

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Leadership 2, Survival 2,
Enigmas 3, Occult 4, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Resources 1

Gifts: Sense Magic, Spirit Speech, Persuasion, Sight
From Beyond

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rank: 1

Chapter Three


Renown: Glory 250, Honor 300, Wisdom 1,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Binding

Fetishes: none

Image: A sleek young wolf with a short, glossy brown
coat and tufts of red fur down his neck and back. He is trim
and lean, more like a coyote than a wolf. In homid form he is
a smiling, young Amerindian man. He has shoulder-length
hair and wears a leather jacket. He is in his early 20s.

Roleplaying Notes: Robert is an energetic, frenzied young
man who speaks in rapid bursts. He talks to any Garou who
will listen, and tirelessly seeks out Garou of all tribes to build
bridges and form alliances.

Background: Robert Kinsolver is a young Uktena who
was born on the Tuscarora Indian Reservation. As a boy he
proved to be a gifted scholar and a deeply troubled child. At
10 years of age he mastered all high school course work, and
went on to study at Niagara University as part of an experi-
mental program for gifted teenagers. But he had severe
emotional problems, and became a hard-core alcoholic be-
fore his 13th birthday. The Change was particularly traumatic
for him, and he fell into a catatonic state during which he

shuttled back and forth between forms for weeks, scream-
ing in agony the whole time. The Uktena gave up on him,
and were ready to kill him, but their allied spirits leaped
from their fetishes to protect the insensate boy.

Three days later the mysterious Alaskan Uktena sha-
man Three-Scary-Women took him away from the New
York Uktena and spirited him to Alaska. When he re-
turned, he had the eyes of a shaman: eyes that were very
far away. He now spends his time trying to link the tribe
to the Native American population of New York. He has
repeatedly told the Garou of New York that they must
concentrate on helping the natives heal, and that the
Garou themselves must acknowledge their own wounds
and flaws. He maintains that the Garou are actually
contributing to the power of the Wyrm, and all need
fundamental changes in their innermost beings, starting
with a closer alignment with the other Garou tribes.

Some Uktena Garou hate him for his open-handed
ideas, and want to silence him. Clubfoot Razorneck is
prominent among those who grumble that he should be
made to feel the tribe's wrath.

For those lost ones still before me stand,
And they're all present as a whole

In the tangled skein of passing years

They shine like threads of gold.

It was on nights like this we'd gather here,
Brave crowded hours to fill,

In kinship and good harmony.

In my dreams I can see it still...

And in a chance-met street or crowded bar,

We few now left behind,

Would raise not a glass but a rueful brow,

At the passing of our kind.

—Garnett Rogers, "The Lost Ones"

There are very few Wendigo Garou in New York. The few
who venture here are messengers or avengers from Canada,
though the tribe does descend on holy sites for special rituals.
Every winter the tribe sends a large delegation into the
Adirondacks for a mountain howl.

A small group also visits the Finger Lakes in spring to
pay homage to the holy rivers and quest for the long-lost
Tree of Peace. This group appears to have reached an
accord with the Black Furies over its incursion of the
Finger Lakes area.

62 Rage Across New York

These great old timber wolves have little use for many
other packs, whom they consider blighted by the Wyrm.
This hatred has intensified as young Wendigos have ven-
tured into Canadian cities and even the place their elders
call the blackest pit of hell: New York City.

The Wendigos have given up on saving New York, and
concentrate almost totally on Canada, where many
Wendigos are agitating for Total War against the homids.
They even dislike the Red Talons, whom they disdain as
unintelligent beasts trying to act like Garou from homid
stock. Nevertheless, they cooperate with other tribes dur-
ing important rituals and hunts, and receive regular visits
from the Children of Gaia, who soothe the old wolves'
anger while advocating unity with the rest of the tribes.

But the fabled Wendigo temper is reserved for those that
should be their greatest right hand; the Uktena. They
believe the Uktena have betrayed the Great Spirit that led
them to the Pure Land by having any relations with the new
homids. The Total War fringe of the Wendigo tribe is the
strongest presence in the New York area, and presents a
very extreme picture of the Wendigo attitude toward the
New York Garou.

There are 36 Ottowa Wendigos. Only one pack of
Wendigos ventures into the state regularly, but it keeps the
Get of Fenris and the Black Furies on their toes. The Ottowa
Wendigos are led by the old Ahroun, Cries-In-the-Wind.
The Philodox Kreeyaah advocates more cooperation with
the other tribes, but she is often shouted down by Total War
wolves like the Ragabash Hole-In-the-Sky. The old
lorekeeper Aurak Moondancer has taken no side, and
seems to want less and less to do with tribal policy every
day; his tribal orations are limited to calls for decisive
strikes against the Wyrm.

Chapter Three

Cries In-The-Wind
Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Ahroun
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-

risma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,

Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3,

Expression 5, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 4, Leadership 5,

Melee 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 3, Occult 2, Rituals 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 2
Gifts: Leap of the Kangaroo, Inspiration, Call The

Breeze, Scent of Sight, Speak with the Wind Spirits, Chill

of Early Frost, Sky Running, Attunement, Call the Canni-

bal Spirit, Sense Silver, Silver Claws, Beast Life, Gnaw,

Song of the Great Beast, Strength of Will
Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8
Rank: 6
Renown: Glory 200,000, Honor 110,000, Wisdom

90,000
Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Moot Rite, Gathering for the

Departed, Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostracism, The Hunt,

Rite of the Totem, Rite of the Winter Wolf, The Badger's

Burrow
Fetishes: Wind Cutter (Level: 5, Gnosis: 5. This is a

preternaturally smooth stone blade. It holds a wind elemen-

tal of immense power which allows the blade to cut through


nearly anything. The number of activation successes ne-
gates that amount of soak or armor dice)

Image: Huge, grizzled old wolf with coarse, bristling
light gray fur. His fur is matted and has a very strong smell.
His weary old eyes still flash with anger and rage. In homid
form he is a tough old Amerindian man with a stern face.

Roleplaying Notes: Labored breathing and narrow,
squinty eyes. A slow deliberation about him as he talks,
with sudden bursts of savagery and anger. No time for
foolishness or fun. During revels he beats his chest in fury.

Background: Cries-In-The-Wind is a tough, grizzled
old shaman who has survived hundreds of battles with
Wyrm minions in his 60 long years. He hates the invader
homids, has little patience with native homids who are not
warlike, and finds the rest of the Garou tribes to be weak,
Wyrm-ridden pups with no constancy or sure direction. He
even despises the Wendigo pragmatists who do not favor
Total War with the rest of the world.

In his homid form he has been working with the Native
Rights movement in Canada. He has succeeded in mobiliz-
ing a powerful coalition of natives, and has led successful
strikes on Pentex and the government. They have been so
successful that the Canadian government is negotiating
with them over returning rights and land to them.

He is in a righteous frenzy over the other tribes' unwill-
ingness to embrace his approach as the best. He feels that
if all the tribes encourage the Pure Ones to take a hard line,
they can win back land, rights and power. From that power
base they can take on the Wyrm.

Rage Across New York

Kreeyaah

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 2, Enigmas 1, Investigation 1, Occult 1,
Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Camouflage, Scent of the True Form,
Cutting Wind, Strength of Purpose

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 5,000, Honor 12,000, Wisdom 5,500

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Bane Arrows (Bow skill: roll Dexterity +
Athletics)

Image: Kreeyaah is a youthful medium-gray wolf with
piercing blue eyes and a lyrical voice. She has black
markings on her shoulders and haunches, and a black V on
her forehead. In homid form she is a young Amerindian
female who dresses in fairly casual and modern attire.

Roleplaying Notes: She is excited about most things the
other person talks about, and converses eagerly on a range
of subjects.

Background: Among the moderate voices in the
Wendigo tribe, Kreeyaah is the most vocal. She triumphed
over a great Wyrm infestation during her rite of passage,
and earned the respect of the entire tribe. Every winter she
descends to New York City to visit friends among the Glass
Walkers and other Garou. This has caused a lot of grum-
bling among the Wendigo elders, but they have not chastised
her, hoping she will see the error of her ways before she
changes the minds of the younger wolves.

She uses all the political capital gained in her conquests
to advocate cooperation with the other tribes. She has
brought emissaries from other Garou tribes to the closed
Wendigo moots to partake of their rituals, and some of her
friends from other tribes have earned the grudging accep-
tance of her people.

She has had several skirmishes with the Royal Canadian
Mountie, Jeffrey Maudlin, who is secretly the leader of the
Seventh Generation Warrior Caste in the New York area.
The two are now bitter enemies, and Kreeyaah wants to
mobilize a Wendigo pack to crush him. She does not yet
know about the Seventh Generation or the extent of his
connections and power.


Caerns

There are four caerns in New York. The smallest is
located near Niagara Falls. Another is in Central Park in
New York City. One is in the Sentinel Range of the
Adirondack Mountains. The most powerful is nestled in the
Finger Lakes region, near Rochester, New York. Two other
holy sites that could be made into caerns are nestled in the
Catskills and protected by faeries. Still other areas have
been corrupted by the Wyrm and can no longer be used as
caerns.

Che Sept of the White Water

Caern: Goat Island at Niagara Falls

Levi

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Gnosis

Tribal Structure: Open, with power shared by Fianna
and Uktena

Totems: Uktena

This tiny caern is located on Goat Island, and commands
a spectacular view of the falls. The sept is headed by Bull
Roarer, an Uktena of the nearby Tuscarora Indian Reserva-

tion. Agents of the Wyrm nearly claimed this caern in the
19th century, when they succeeded in boarding Niagara
Falls from the sight of all viewers and charging money for
a look. This plan was beaten by Frederick Law Olmstead,
a Kinfolk who worked with Fianna Garou to protect the
natural areas around the Falls, Olmstead and his allies freed
these sacred lands for public viewing, and established the
first state park in the nation here. Olmstead also fought off
a second Wyrm attack designed to tear out the natural life
and build a sculptured garden, Olmstead was the architect
of Central Park in Manhattan, and a powerful environmen-
tal leader, Not surprisingly, his name means "homeland."
Though the Uktena are loath to share their ancient sites
with other tribes, they acknowledge the great service the
Fianna performed in wresting the site back from the Wyrm,
As a result, the Fianna have sealed close ties with the local
Uktena, and opened what was once an Uktena sept. The
Fianna are content to let the Uktena rule as long as the caern
is open to all. The only time the
leader and installed a Fianna was 60 years ago, when the
Uktena tried to seal the caern from "invader" tribes.

nna tore down an Uktena

Chapter Three


The Sept of the Sentine

Caern: Peak of the Sentinel Mountain Range,
Adirondack Mountains

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Strength

Tribal Structure: Get of Fenris

Totems: Tijus-keha, the Sentinel of the Mountain.

This caern sits atop one of the tallest mountains in the
Adirondacks. Just reaching it on foot is a great challenge.
The Sept of the Sentinel is completely dominated by Get of
Fenris Garou. They allow others to use the caern, but
demand great prices in return. The Shadow Lords resent
this monopoly and have tried unsuccessfully to wrest it
from the Get.

Tijus-keha, the spirit of the mountain
entity that speaks in riddles. His domain i

$ a mysterious
eas that grow

food for humans.

Every year in the dead of winter, the Fenris wolves hold
a great moot and how! for their long-lost brothers: the
wolves who used to roam freely across the Adirondacks but
were wiped out by bounty hunters.

The Sept of the Green

Caern: Central Park, Manhattan, New York City
Levi
Gauntlet: 3

Type: Survival

Tribal Structure: Open, dominated by Bone Gnawers
Totems: Water-spirit Mera and the Great White Mouse
This sept is dominated by the Bone Gnawers, and is

described in the Werewolf rulebook

The Sept of the Hand of Gaia

Caern: Near Seneca Lake, in the Finger Lakes Region

Level: 5
Gauntlet: 2

inigmas & Healing

Tribal Structure: Open, dominated by Black Furies

Totems: Life of the Nation, a potent but distant spirit.
The sept has yet to determine the extent of the power and
domain of Life of the Nation.

This caern is the most powerful site in New York, and
has long be acred spot to the Pure Ones. It is nestled
between huge, beautiful, 600-foot-deep glacial lakes; the
geological structure of these lakes is not duplicated any-
where else in the world. Garou legends say that the left hand
of Gaia reached down and scooped out the most corrupt

S

Rage Across New York


Wyrm beasts. As she cast out the wicked, she blessed the
ground she touched. Whatever the explanation, the area is
potent with the presence of Gaia, and causes homids and
Garou alike to have deeply personal visions.

The caern contains a major spirit whose ways are nearly
unfathomable to the Garou. They have been communing
for a long time, but cannot understand the language. The
Black Furies' policies toward caern use by other Garou
have been becoming more and more restrictive in recent
years.

The Deliler Wyrm

Tam the latest apparition
Cutting slices in the night.

I come through without permission,

Moving in and out of human sight...
I'm the gypsy in your pocket,
I'm the horseman in your dreams.
I'm the reason dogs are barking,
I'm the hand that stops the screams.
Like the ghost of a traveling salesman,
My foot will be there in your door.
Though I can walk though walls and windows,
I will knock just like before.
—John Gorka, "Raven in the Storm"

The Tellurian entity called the Wyrm manifests in the
Umbra and the physical plane in many ways. Some are
personalized forms and some are abstract presences. Among
the Wyrm's personalized aspects are bestial spirit personi-
fications of specific forms of destruction and hate. One is,
Beast-of-War, a driving spirit that incites men to hate and
kill one another in open warfare. Another is Eater-of-Souls,
a primordial presence that is personified consumption. It
devours all life in its path and excretes putrefied corruption.
The Croatan tribe exiled Eater-of-Souls to the Umbra in a
ritual that destroyed every member of the tribe and their
patron spirit as well.

But there are other, more subtle manifestations of the
Wyrm. One grows from an ancient form of hate — a hate
reserved for women only. It's a fear that springs from
men's primal awe and fear of childbirth, and is as old as
mankind's earliest days. The name of this fear is seldom
spoken, but it drives otherwise rational men to brutal
innocent women and children.

In ancient times it manifested as socially sanctioned
infanticide, genital mutilation, witch-burning, and legally
permissible rape. Though these horrors are still rampant in
many parts of the world, today's more advanced za~
tions reject such irrational policies and have criminalized
them.

Despite these measures, however, the primordial fear
still exists, and bubbles up as far subtler sexual terrorism.
It appears as generational warfare, covert sexism, sexual

Chapter Three


abuse of children, and legally unenforceable rape laws. The
generational warfare it creates ranges from blatant emo-
tional and physical abuse of children to the complex and
subtle cruelty inherent in destroying the children's legacy.

On a personal level, parents infected with this fear
destroy their children's legacies by recklessly squandering
all the financial resources and spending all the money that
the previous generation earned and passed along to them.
On a national level, this fear makes people destroy the
pristine environment they inherited, and run up crippling
national debts that they then pass on to future generations.

The power of this fear is palpable, and manifests on
Earth as the subtle, highly intelligent, highly malevolent
presence called the Defiler Wyrm.

The origins of the Defiler Wyrm are a great secret. Its
followers know it has a unique personality, intelligence and
a strong sense of self-preservation, but don't know its
nature. It may be of the Incarna, broken away from the main
body of the Wyrm, or a Celestine, growing in power to the
point where it can rival the Celestine Gaia. They also do not
know whether fear and hate created the beast, or if the beast
instilled fear and hate in the hearts of mortals. All they
know is that this fear and hate is more important than any
other force in their lives. While some Defiler Wyrm aco-
lytes think the Defiler Wyrm is just one aspect of the Wyrm,
other followers suspect that the Defiler Wyrm has swollen
to such a ponderous size that it has a distinct and almost
separate identity from the main body of the Wyrm. Whatall

: q =
wei /
" . ne
- i

Defiler Wyrm agents agree on is the nature of the beast. It
is the supernatural embodiment of the most fundamental
violations of trust in the family of man. When the bonds of
trust between man, woman and child are severed, the
Defiler Wyrm is heard, laughing.

The largest and most devoted sect of earthly followers of
the Defiler Wyrm is the powerful secret society called the
Seventh Generation. The sect fulfills the Wyrm's mandate
to dominate, defile and destroy the body of Gaia by focus-
ing on the domination, defilement and destruction of women
and children. Like the Wyrm, the Seventh Generation
agents of the Defiler Wyrm are anti-life, and women and
children represent life. In the microcosm, a man's control
over a woman's body is like mankind's control over the
body of Gaia — not partnership, not trusted companion-
ship, but suspicion, disdain and endless stri

Some high-ranking Seventh Generation occultists sus-
pect that Beast-of-War is the actual recipient of the Seventh
Generation's worship, and that the Defiler Wyrm is really
just its pawn. If this is true, it is a secret to the rank-and-file
members of the Seventh Generation, who see the Defiler
Wyrmas the most direct channel to the awesome entity that
is the Wyrm.

The Seventh Generation

The sins of the father shall be visited upon the sons unto
the third and fourth generation.
— Old Testament

Of all the mortal manifestations of the Wyrm, none are
more secretive, insidious, invisible, all-pervasive and well-
protected than the members of the Defiler Wyrm cult called
the Seventh Generation. Its concealment is so complete
that though it reaches into the very highest levels of power
in government and business, it remains completely un-
known to the world's intelligence community and to the
Wyrm-sensitive Garou. Only the highest Seventh Genera-
tion leaders know how far the cult's corrosive touch extends.

On the surface, the Seventh Generation is an interlock-
ing network of thoroughly corrupted businessmen,
politicians, military leaders, religious figures, wealthy heirs
and serial killers. These figures are all willing servitors of
the Wyrm, and their chief goal is spreading the Wyrm's
influence across the world and corrupting the bonds of
harmony that unite mankind and all living things. Beneath
the surface they are a squabbling, backbiting mob of bitter,
miserable creatures with stunted spirits and no love for
each other or themselves.

The cult's world headquarters used to be in Europe, but
since world power has shifted to the New World, its largest
cells are now in the U.S. The largest groups operate out of
New York City.

Like other groups that serve at the behest of the Wyrm,
the Seventh Generation is fundamentally concerned with
the destruction of Gaia in form and spirit. It wishes to
inculcate the Wyrm into everything, matter and spirit. Its

Rage Across New York

final goal is the corruption of everything in Gaia, and the
ultimate destruction of everything in the universe.

Unlike the cult's Wyrm-fed brethren, the Seventh Gen-
eration rejects direct assaults on the global environment
and overt contamination of the biological world. It sees
these tactics as too crude, too obvious, and all too easily
opposed by the powerful spirits of Gaia, to whom a known
enemy is often a defeated enemy.

It does not destroy its targets in outright, explosive
confrontations. Instead, its assault on Gaia is secretive,
indirect and very personal. The Seventh Generation seeks
to hollow out the living world with a creeping, spreading
cancer that remains hidden below the surface of Gaia's
consciousness, unseen and unfelt until it runs its course. It
wants the world to remain blissfully unaware of its work
until its minions have eaten through the healthy flesh of the
world-body and replaced it with rank, tumorous tissue
breeding out of control.

Its target: children. Its weapon: defilement.

The First Violation:
Assaults on the Innocent

The cult of the Seventh Generation amasses great power
and invokes the Wyrm on the material plane through the
weapons of sexual brutality, rape and murder of innocents.
These atrocities, rampant as they are, are only the begin-
ning of the cult's work. If its work ended there, mankind as
a whole would rise up and destroy the offender. Molesta-
tion is just the spark which ignites the inferno that is the
Defiler Wyrm.

The Secon? Violation:
The Strangulation of Crust

Human beings are remarkably resilient, and can endure
tremendous physical and emotional pain with minimal
damage. The betrayal that accompanies such acts, how-
ever, is far more damaging.

To create real suffering, the Seventh Generation com-
pounds the initial assault by ensuring that the innocent who
is harmed feels a deep sense of betrayal. This betrayal is
usually evoked by victimization at the hands of a loved one
or a subsequent victimization by society. Arranging for
society at large to further violate the victim is a difficult
task that requires a coordinated effort on several fronts.

The political wing of the Seventh Generation starts by
ensuring that children have no rights and women have
difficulty exerting control over their reproductive systems.
This keeps women overly dependent on men and some-
times resentful of their children, who have little legal
protection from secretive abusers.

The medical branch of the Seventh Generation maneu-
vers behind the scenes to make sure that the children of
abuse have no recourse, no sympathetic ear, and no one
whom they can trust to take their stories seriously.

Chapter Three

Arranging this societal violation, a violation which runs
against the deepest human sentiments, has been a tremen-
dously difficult task for the minions of the Defiler Wyrm.
In order to subvert the deep natural instincts of humans to
respect, trust and protect abused children and raped women,
the Wyrm's agents appeal to deep-seated insecurities.
They play on fears of loss of status, of children eclipsing
parents, of men becoming subordinate to women. The
Seventh Generation began this work in prehistory, when
men and women lived as equals and Gaia was revered by
all. The agents of the Wyrm can claim credit for toppling
the ideal of sexual equality and installing the male as the
dominant sex. Men and women suffer equally under the
cruel heel of this unbalanced directive, but have been
subtly conditioned to accept it as the natural order.

This unnatural division in the holy bond between men
and women has spawned a far more wrenching separation.
Men and women whose relationships are built on fear,
distrust and disunity cannot form truly spiritual unions with
their children. This results in parents who are alienated
from the very children they brought into the world. And in
a frightening number of cases it results in something far
worse: emotional, physical and sexual abuse. This original
violation is compounded by a cover-up of the abuse. The
unity of family trust is destroyed, shattered into a thousand
guilty family secrets.

The Defiler Wyrm's minions have succeeded so com-
pletely that few victims of rape, sexual harassment or
pedophilia dare to come forward, and those who do are
thoroughly discredited. The larger community is exhorted
to circle the wagons around any prominent figure accused
of these horrific crimes, and insulate him from his accusers.
His status is used as a defense, as if prominent and powerful
people are incapable of committing despicable acts. The
violator is painted as a victim, and the victim is made to
suffer another round of violations by the social order.

This is the genius and the horror of the Seventh Genera-
tion.

The Third Violation: Secrets

But the Seventh Generation's greatest accomplishment
is not that it succeeded in establishing a monstrous culture
of abuse, but that it was actually able to cover it up, and
keep it a cripplingly powerful secret. Neither the abusers
nor the abused can break the cycle, get help, or report the
truth without suffering the scorn and rejection of the larger
community: a community grappling with exactly the same
issues.

The children who survive such predations grow up with
hateful secrets festering deep inside them. Their trust has
been violated in a way that kills all innocence and beats
down their essential humanity.

This creates a painful inner wound that
bleeding. This wound, shrouded in shadows and
like a black hole in the spirit. And in that dark
Wyrm grows.


The Fourth Violation:
The Victim as Victimizer

Like an unholy egg, the Wyrm grows in the heart of the
victim. If he does not acknowledge, embrace and heal this
deep spiritual wound, he risks becoming a perpetual victim
or victimizer. He will either seek to be abused and tolerate
the abuse of his own children, or he will become an abuser
himself.

The original violation always compounds itself in the
dark. When the child grows up, he treats his children the
same way he was treated. Without healing, it is nearly
impossible to do otherwise.

If the abused child grows up without ever exorcising the
horrors of the past, his mind locks out the damaging
memory, and he gradually forgets the past terrors. The pain
resurfaces every time he tries to remember it, so he refuses.
to think about that time. Some children are aware of this as
a black hole in their memories: they can recall before and
after that time, but not during.

The Wyrm takes root in this dark place, and grows. It
makes the victim resent his own children and often pass
along the abuse he suffered. Those who refuse to examine
their wounds, and experience the pain of them, cannot heal.
They are doomed to let the Wyrm grow unchecked inside
them, and are very likely to offer up their own children to
their tormentors.

This dark heritage is passed from parent to child, genera-
tion after generation. And so the Wyrm turns full circle, as
tainted parents offer their children up for the violations they
suffered.

The Fifth Violation:
Che Death of Hope

Because of the ingenuity of this self-perpetuating cycle,
the Seventh Generation does not need to use magical means
to control a spiritually wounded person. Instead, they can
count on him to act in the interests of the Wyrm, hurting
anyone who becomes close to him and passing on his
wound to his children. The Wyrm virtually controls him,
but spells cannot detect the Wyrm's magical presence
within him.

The Defiler Wyrm calls on his un g hosts to further
his work on earth, and their accomplishments are legion.
They have enshrined greed above compassion. They have
committed genocide. They have instituted slavery secretly
and legally. They have crushed women's rights. They have
destroyed rightful governments in coups, and covered up
the coups. And they continue to defile children the world
over. These endless violations of trust take their toll on each
new generation. They create a pervasive atmosphere of
hopelessness that has extended over most of the world.

Rage Across New York

The Counal of the Pentarch:
The Five Branches of the
Seventh Generation

"T think incest can be handled as a family matter within
the family... [don't think it's rape because of the awareness
of it within the family."

—Jay Dickey, Senate Candidate, 1992

The Seventh Generation comprises five distinct branches
that have virtually no direct communication with one
another. These five branches, collectively known as the
Council of the Pentarch, are the Government Caste, Busi-
ness Caste, Medical Caste, Snatchers Caste, and Warrior
Caste. They all know their jobs and do their work with a
minimum of coordination from the top. Because of this
extreme autonomy, they are able to elude the eyes of even
hardcore conspiracy seekers.

Organization an? Communication

The whole organization is run by the five heads of each
branch. These ancient dictators usually make decisions on
their own, but occasionally take orders from Wyrm crea-
tures deep within the Umbra. When direct communication
through the Umbra becomes necessary, the leader usually
disappears and is replaced by a subordinate.

The Council of the Pentarch moderates the cult and
regulates its functioning. The leaders only meet during
crises, and even then they prefer to communicate in coded
messages sent through the Umbra. If they met often, mor-
tals could expose their conspiracy, so they avoid any direct
contact. This has allowed them to preserve their secrecy not
only from the mortal world, but from the forces of Gaia.

To conduct day-to-day business, they learn the decisions
of the other heads through very mundane, conventional
information sources. Since they know one another's codes,
they can read a great deal of meaning in otherwise innocu-
ous public statements made in the conventional media by
their spokesmen. This protects them from their magical
enemies, and allows their communication to remain unde-
tectable by magical means. It also protects them from their
human enemies, since it keeps them free of conspiracy
charges.

Rituals

The heart of the Seventh Generation' s magic power is an
ancient system of precisely timed rituals. By performing its
rituals in tandem, the cult creates a pool of rich, magical
energy, which is fed to Seventh Generation cells through-
out the world.

This clockwork timing is a great strength, but it also
leaves the cult vulnerable to attack. If just one cult group is
disrupted during the ritual, the entire ritual will fail and the
participants may suffer tremendous psychic backlash. For
this reason, security around Seventh Generation rituals is
very tight.


Followers

The minions of the Defiler Wyrm pay a heavy price for
their power. Unlike their victims, who unknowingly allow
the Wyrm to grow in their souls, the members of the
Seventh Generation willingly invite the Wyrm into their
hearts. This leaks corruption into every cell in their bodies.
The greater the minions' power, the greater the psychic
pollution. Their growing disconnection from the natural
world makes them grow ill. They have an aura of
unhealthiness and sadness about them. As the Wyrm sub-
verts their natural systems, they slowly become immune to
real healing, and can only rely on drugs to mask the pain and
anesthetize them from the symptoms of their increasingly
terrible ills. To survive the horrors within them, they must
disassociate themselves from their feelings.

As they approach death they often feel a growing sense
of hollowness. They often become terrified at the prospect
of dying, even though the Wyrm has promised them a
glorious afterlife. This, combined with the horrid infirmi-
ties of age, makes them fanatically pursue life extension.
They battle and betray one another with ruthless abandon
to gain the Wyrm's favor and a few more artificially
extended years. The older they live, the greater their inner
pain and dislocation, and the greater their fear of death.
When they finally die, they die in agony.

Power Flow

Inthe Seventh Generation, power begins with the Snatch-
ers. These psychotic molesters are responsible for acquiring
the children that are vital to Seventh Generation magical
energy. Contrary to popular hysteria, very few of their
victims are kidnapped off the streets by strangers. Those
that are snatched by strangers are taken to keep the public
frightened and off balance, and to maintain the pretense
that the greatest danger to children comes from lone luna-
tics who are strangers to the family. The secret scandal is
that most of the Snatchers' victims are taken with the
parents' consent.

Many children are sold to the Snatchers for cash, swapped
for power, given as payment for blackmail, or simply
abandoned. Strangely enough, most children the Snatchers
acquire are actually given willingly by their parents with no
real reward. These parents, usually unhealed victims with
huge abuse wounds of their own, offer their children into
the cycle of abuse for reasons few sane people can truly
comprehend. Because such behavior is utterly irrational to
the population, the Seventh Generation has little difficulty
denying all such revelations. This behavior sounds clearly
impossible.

Once the Snatchers have taken children, they perform
the basic ritual sacrifices that provide the Seventh Genera-
tion with their power. They then funnel this magical energy
to the Wyrm and to other Castes. They also deliver living
children to members of the other four branches of the group
for their private rituals. The only times members of differ-

Chapter Three 71


ent branches get together is for these highly secretive ritual
sacrifices.

The Government Caste then covers the tracks of the
Snatchers and foments hysteria over non-Wyrm kidnappings
to obscure the real abductions. The Snatchers are paid well
by the Business Caste, and given all the cars, houses and
equipment they need.

The Medical Caste makes sure the Snatchers receive
unquestioned access to conventional medicine, without
messy complications like police reports of bullet wounds.
The Medical Caste can also use Wyrm magic to patch up
severe wounds. This repair makes the Snatchers more
internally corrupted and weakens their free will. Too much
reliance on the Medical Caste causes a Snatcher to be
completely taken over by a supernatural Wyrm creature.

The Warrior Caste makes sure that the Snatchers are not
really caught, and that evidence of the severity of the
problem is destroyed. They also serve as the last line of
defense against powerful forces of Gaia, like the Garou.

The most complex task falls to the Medical Caste. They
must cover up the ongoing tragedy of generational abuse.

Politics of the Seventh
Generation

The minions of the Defiler Wyrm tear at each other over
petty matters and cause their patron deep wounds that never
heal. Like most groups allied to the Wyrm, the Seventh
Generation suffers from a painful, systemic schizophrenia.
They demand total loyalty, but only really reward cold,
cruel treachery. Because the most powerful members can
prolong their lives and become functionally immortal,
there is no real path for upward mobility within the ranks.
Merit, youth and new ideas have little place in a status quo
so entrenched and so hidebound.

Those aspirants who become the submissive followers
of a strong leader can gain a measure of power, but they
must always serve at the behest of their patron, and live in
fear of a fall from favor. If they gain too much power, their
paranoid mentors often quickly move to crush them. This
keeps power in the Seventh Generation firmly locked away
from all newcomers. Unlike vampires, who endure similar
conditions of immortality, the agents of the Defiler Wyrm
quickly crush any attempt at organization by their progeny.

Therefore, all power plays must be rapid, decisive, self-
contained, and leave no room for error. This usually requires
treachery. The only way a member of the Seventh Genera-
tion can take over a rival's position is to crush him by force
and consume his power. This rewards betrayal and
internecine strife, and leaves the group vulnerable in many
places.

Power-hungry rivals will readily use outside agents
against each other. Once the Garou are aware of the
Seventh Generation's plots, they can tear deep rents in the
Seventh Generation by exploiting these rifts.

Cracking the Code: Seventh Generation
Ciphers Exposed

The Seventh Generation's agents speak to each other
through public sources in order to avoid being seen
conspiring. They communicate by using specific code
words with meanings that often directly oppose the
actual phrases.

Children's Rights: This idea is to be scorned, ridi-
culed and rejected. Any attempts to assert that children
should gain the ability to free themselves from abusive
parents should be derided: "allowing children to sue
their parents over being made to take out the trash."

Environmentalism: This is a force of Gaia and a
direct threat to our power. Heap ridicule on it, and make
it seem foolish and "out of touch." Likewise, feminism,
racial unity and peace can pose a threat. Scorn them as
well, but subtly.

Law and Order: Use these as threats to any who
challenge the power of the Wyrm. Youth, minorities
and women are to be locked out of power by our
invisible rules. Any attempt to gain power through
unconventional means must be challenged as a threat to
law and order. Crime is always to be associated with the
young and with ethnic minorities. It is never to be
associated with authority figures, and if it is, it must be
softened by calling it "white-collar crime." The word
"crime" is far too potent to be associated with our kind.
Such unvarnished language would lead to a clamor for
white-collar criminals to be punished.

States' Rights: When forces of change in the federal
government try to end oppression at a state level, insist
on states' rights, even when our side is clearly in the
wrong. We will thus rally our supporters against "un-
warranted intrusion." In this manner, even when the
tide of history is against us, we can still create pockets
where change is unwelcome and the Wyrm can flour-
ish.

Religious War: This is a new phrase we are field-
testing. As forces of healing surround us, our dominance
is threatened. To counter this, we shall have our mortal
subjects crown themselves as "good and moral people,"
and brand anyone trying to present a healthy sexual
attitude as immoral and launching a religious war
against us. As Gaia's sexual energies reassert them-
selves in the world, we need to rally our subjects with
acry of Religious War.

Traditional Values: Guilty secrets within the fam-
ily must always be protected. Loyalty to abusers within
the family is the cornerstone of our power. This insula-
tion is the tradition that we value. The continuity of the
sacred becomes the continuity of secrets. To purify this
message in these turbulent times, and preserve our
ability to corrupt generations, we shall distill this phrase
to "family values."

72 Rage Across New York


The Five Castes of the Pentarch

The Seventh Generation's five branches, called castes,
are all indispensable for the operation of the group. Each
caste has autonomy, and the five work together, spinning a
web of oppressive power. However, like most Wyrm fol-
lowers, the members of each caste do not trust or respect the
other castes or one another.

The Government Caste:
Protection and Policy

This is the strongest single branch of the Seventh Gen-
eration. Its members wield the most clout, and shape the
policies that the others follow. They are rarely actual
government officials, but are the advisors and powers
behind the throne, Elected officials are their puppets. Thus
the members of the Government Caste are not subject to
being voted out of office, and can try to influence each
successive elected leader.

These Wyrm followers invariably are disdainful, dour
patricians with insincere smiles. They are rich, and often
look vaguely unhealthy and uncomfortable. They are dis-
connected from their fellow men and their own emotions.
They thus re-create themselves with affectations and man-
nerisms designed to enforce a position of superiority. They
cultivate a distinguished facade, and invariably speak with
false accents. In the northern regions of the U.S., the
members of the Government Caste speak with exaggerated
upper-crust inflections patterned after British accents. In
the southern U.S., they use slangy Southern drawls pat-
terned after the accents of the common people, but greatly
exaggerated for effect.

Inthe U.S., Canada and Europe, the members are mostly
male and mostly white. In order to co-opt the women's
movement, they have recently allowed women to join, but
they only let in very mannish women — women who have
crucified their femininity on the altar of power and have no
real concern for women's issues. Likewise they now admit
ethnic minorities, but only those who have no connections
to or sympathies for minorities,

The Government Caste has extended itself into all of the
governments of the world at all levels but the most local. A
small handful of well-placed government officials are
actual members who take part in rituals. Other officials are
puppets of the group who know nothing of the Defiler
Wyrm and its goals. What they do understand is the money
and the political power that the Mephistophelian tempters
of the Seventh Generation offer in return for unquestioning
loyalty.

Most Seventh Generation allies, however, gain nothing
from the group at all. They simply respond to undisguised
appeals to ego, and relish the feeling of raw power and cruel
dominance they get from their alliance with the Wyrm.
They get to join the confident, self-assured, elite members
of the Seventh Generation old-boy's network, which al-

lows and encourages the ritual humiliation of women, the
domination of children, the destruction of enemies and the
conquest of the natural world. This is a seductive lure to
insecure politicians, many of whom eagerly lap it up.

These Defiler Wyrm agents mastermind the cover-up of
all evidence of the Seventh Generation. Thus the real
Wyrm agents are not always the ones who squelch children's
rights, women's rights, civil rights and other challenges to
the Wyrm's power. This makes it difficult to pinpoint who
is an actual member of the Seventh Generation and who is
not.

Seventh Generation agents have infiltrated all branches
of government, including the courts. Their mastery of the
political process is so complete that they are able to con-
vince otherwise rational juries to accept that rape victims
are to blame for the crimes against them, and that rich sex
offenders must be innocent if they are important members
of the community.

Agents of the Wyrm in warring nations cooperate to
complete their agenda, despite the toll on their fellow
countrymen. This single-minded focus on the business of
the Wyrm has allowed like-minded hard-liners to conspire
even in times of war.

The Government Caste in the U.S. is run from Washing-
ton D.C., but takes guidance from pundits, power brokers
and think tanks in New York City.

Chapter Three


Challenges to the Government Caste: The Govern-
ment Caste constantly exercises its power, ruthlessly
removing untrustworthy members of other castes.

The Old Guard, the ruling elite of the Government Caste,
has extraordinary power over the rest of the group, butis the
most accountable to the public: a public that includes forces
of healing like the Garou.

Despite centuries of growth and power consolidation,
these Wyrm agents have been unable to stop women's entry
into politics, the rise of the environmental movement, and
a growing understanding of the need for spiritual and
psychic healing in society. The most powerful Government
Caste rulers know that this trinity grows directly from Gaia,
and is therefore deadly to the continuing power of the
Seventh Generation.

Though they carefully watch these developments, and
try to undermine them whenever possible, the Old Guard is
convinced that such movements are cyclical at best, and
will burn themselves out in due time, leaving the Seventh
Generation more powerful than ever.

The Young Turks of the Government Caste do not think
such matters are cyclical. They believe the very life of the
Defiler Wyrm is at risk, and a planet of people concerned
with healing will eradicate Seventh Generation corruption.
They advocate direct intervention through violent attacks,
magical assaults and assassination.

The Old Guard counters that this is just a feeble attempt
by the Young Turks to rock the boat and gain power. They
also contend that to use such draconian measures so soon
after the last time would provoke a real backlash. As a
result, the Government Caste is in a form of paralysis, and
doing very little.

This provides golden opportunities for Garou packs to
exploit. If they assist the Young Turks in any plan to
consolidate power, the Old Guard will lash back at the
Young Turks.

Attitude Toward Other Seventh Generation Castes:

Business Caste: Worthy allies. Middle-brow, déclassé,
and a bit grasping, perhaps, but that is all necessary. And
their campaign contributions can't be beat.

Medical Caste: Very helpful in lending us the proper
touch of authority, and they know how to keep their noses
clean, But we sometimes wonder if they aren't collecting a
touch more power than they ought.

Snatchers Caste: Dangerous, violent, unpredictable,
and sadly very necessary. Let us hope the Defiler Wyrm
moves them to greater caution, since our urgings are wasted
on them.

Warrior Caste: Thank the Wyrm for faithful, unques-
tioning legions of warriors. They are our backbone, loyal to
us over all the other castes, and will be our rod if we have
to move against the Snatchers — or any other branch.

Rage Across New York

Arnold F, Arbulent

"I believe in women, wine, whiskey, and war."

— Senator James Alexander McDougall,
1866, U.S. Senate Floor

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 5, Leadership 4, Enigmas 5, Law 5,
Occult 5, Politics 5, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 5

Gifts: Smell of Man, Assimilation, Staredown, Pulse of
the Invisible, Ultimate Argument of Logic, Spirit Drain,
The Malleable Spirit, Scent of the True Form, Head Games,
Glib Tongue, Paralyzing Stare, Obedience, Mindblock

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 9

Rites: Rite of the Pentarch (Level 5. This is the ritual
whereby the Pentarch's magical energies are raised and
distributed. It requires blood sacrifice, preferably that of
children, and channels Gnosis and Power into a pool from
which all castes then draw)

Image: Aging white man of medium stature with short,
slightly oily, unkempt, sandy hair going gray. Weak, wa-
tery eyes and strange, asymmetrical wrinkles in his face
make one side of his face appear smiling, the other side
stern. In the Umbra, the split in his face is more pro-
nounced, and he looks like acompletely fragmented, divided
personality.

Roleplaying Notes: Speaks slowly, his every word
dripping with disdain. He weaves gentle, polite insults into
his conversation. At the end of each sentence, he raises the
corner of his mouth in a slow rictus of a grin. His grin is
more like a leer. He drops the insincere smile to listen, or
make his next point. He does not smile when talking.


Background: Arbulent comes from a wealthy, conser-
vative family that has been dominated by the Wyrm for
generations. They have great power in New York politics,
and exert great control over national policy as well. Arbulent
has inherited the family money and power through difficult
and damaging power struggles with his brothers. He con-
trols the Government Caste in New York, and does all his
dirty work through his ideologue flunkies. He appears to be
in his early 60s, but is actually almost 100 years old.

He spends a lot of time doing the talk show circuit, in
which he defends such policies as having the government
do nothing to help women attain executive positions in
business ("It's a matter of quality. When qualified women
appear, they will easily arrive at the top. It's foolish to think
otherwise. Pity no really qualified women have appeared.
Give them time. Perhaps in another decade we'll see
women appear who are as competent as men. But I doubt
it.").

The Business Caste:
Liquid Assets and Legitimacy

The Business Caste is crucial to obtaining the money and
legitimacy that the Seventh Generation members crave. Its
members run powerful businesses and worship greed as the
highest virtue. They aggressively use public relations to

purvey the notion of the sanctity of corporations: according
to their dogma, corporations have no responsibility to

Chapter Three

anything other than the bottom line. They gleefully sacri-
fice the environment, the lives of their workers, and the
health of their customers.

The allure of this branch is unmistakable, and its phi-
losophy is the clearest of all the castes: profit without
conscience. Its members need precious few code words and
little arm-twisting to convert others. They don't need to
work hard to get people to sell out, because so many people
are eager to buy in. It's a buyer's market in souls.

As aresult, the Business Caste always has lots of money
to funnel to the other castes, and plenty of legitimacy to
cloak any Seventh Generation members who get caught
molesting children.

The Seventh Generation regards religion as another
business to corrupt, and ranks the clergy as Business Caste
members. The cult's tentacles reach deeply into some
churches.

The international headquarters of the Business Caste is
in New York City, though in recent decades other cities
have stolen much of New York's thunder.

Challenges to the Business Caste: Of all the Seventh
Generation, the Business Caste has the least trouble in its
dealings with the mortal world. Members at all levels are
eager to accept their leaders' prescriptions for business
success, and rally behind members caught committing
horrendous crimes. Their Old Guard and Young Turk
members are fairly unified, since they gauge success inraw

75


dollar terms, and the Business Caste has enough money and
power to keep even its young satisfied.

However, the Business Caste does not understand the
strength of the growing environmental movement, and
greatly underestimates the burgeoning power of the Garou
and the forces of Gaia.

Attitude Toward Other Seventh Generation Castes:

Government Caste: Snobs with way too much time on
their hands and way too much power over us. Still, they
throw great parties and introduce us to all the right people.
But they think they run us, and one day soon we' ll have to
remind them just who pay their salaries and who really run
things.

Medical Caste: They do their job. Thank the Wyrm
someone wants a thankless job like that, with no money or
power. What suckers.

Snatchers Caste: The less said about them the better.
The less we have to do with them the better. The less they
associate with us the better. The fewer there are the better.
The less.. why are we still talking about them? Didn't you
hear me say the less said about them the better?

Warrior Caste: Wyrm bless our boys in blue! We know
we can count on them to protect our ways, even against our
own wayward Government Caste...should it ever come
down to that — which it won't.

Chester R Van Gelding

I don't love the mountains

And I don't love the sea

And I don't love Jesus

He never done a thing for me...

Used to worry about the poor

But I don't worry anymore...

You know what I say now about the starving children of
India?

— Randy Newman, "It's Money That I Love"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 5, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Enigmas
5, Finance 5, Law 2, Occult 5, Politics 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 5

Gifts: Smell of Man, Assimilation, Staredown, Pulse of
the Invisible, Ultimate Argument of Logic, Spirit Drain,
The Malleable Spirit, Scent of the True Form, Head Games,
Glib Tongue, Paralyzing Stare, Obedience, Mindblock

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 10

Rites: Rite of the Pentarch, Mold Clay (Level 5. Shapes
another's image into any likeness desired)

Image: Van Gelding is a roly-poly tycoon, with short,
thinning white hair. In the Umbra he appears as a mad
Dutchman, with wild eyes, a lunatic grin, and long white

76

Chester @. Dan Gelding

hair. In this mode he dresses in severe, black clothes cut in
the old puritanical style of the early days of New York.

Roleplaying Notes: Squint one eye and scrutinize the
person to whom Van Gelding speaks.

Background: Van Gelding is ancient. He was born
during the age of Dutch sovereignty over New York. He has
created an ongoing dynasty by pretending to be his own
son. He marries a young woman, adopts a son or buys one
from Seventh Generation Snatchers (since he is infertile),
and uses Wyrm magic to sculpt the child's face to look like
his. When the son grows up, he kills the boy and takes his
place.

He has a mansion on Long Island, where he conducts
power dinners and Seventh Generation sacrifices. He is one
of the oldest of the Seventh Generation leaders in New
York, and the only one from the original contingent still
alive, but he is not the most powerful.

He took an active part in defiling sites sacred to Gaia, and
became rich selling the artifacts. He laughingly tells his
friends he is "doing well by doing evil."

The Mevrical Caste: Anguish and
Authority

The medical branch of the Seventh Generation is di-
rectly concerned with nurturing the pain inflicted by the
other branches, and seeing to it that the anguish blossoms
into corruption and madness. Its members are the most
directly involved with the work of the Defiler Wyrm, and
not just the Wyrm in general. They use their staggering
influence in the medical, psychiatric and religious commu-
nity to head off any real attempts to heal the damage caused
by the Wyrm.

Throughout Earth's history, the forces of life have al-
ways replenished themselves and worked to heal old

Rage Across New York


wounds. The world seeks to restore a wholeness with all
life on Earth. This natural tendency toward reinvigoration
and revitalization is the eternal enemy of the Medical
Caste, since it can wash away corruption and purify tainted
hearts.

The ancient progenitors of the Medical Caste fought
losing battles against shamans who were armed with the
potent forces of Gaia. Each time a shaman was destroyed,
the people produced a new one. To stop this, the Wyrm's
minions had to destroy the shamans and replace them with
entities of their own. These false shamans had to convince
the people that they were capable of healing, and had to
perform rudimentary bone setting and other simple medi-
cal practices. Over a very long period, the true shamans
could not maintain the support of their own people, and
they perished.

Thus the Medical Caste was born, and its members took
the roles of real healers. They split the shaman's role into
two parts, thus wrenching apart the indivisible physical and
spiritual nature of mankind. They created doctors to min-
ister to the body and priests to minister to the soul, and
fought all attempts at unity.

The Medical Caste replaced holistic and integrated heal-
ing with a plan to suppress symptoms of illness. Spiritual
wounds of the sort inflicted by the Wyrm manifest in the
physical world as illness and alienation. The sickness and
misery are early warning signs of a deep problem, and can
only truly be healed by recognizing, confronting and em-
bracing the darkness, and then fostering new life. The
Medical Caste prescribes drugs to hide the symptoms of
illness, so the wounds will grow. Its members teach people
to suffer their emotional wounds in silence or use drugs to
mask them.

Throughout history, the members of the Medical Caste
used their power to increase human suffering under the
pretense of curing the sick, and delighted in prescribing
leeches, arsenic, bloodletting, electroshock, unnecessary
surgery and amputations without anesthesia.

But the Defiler Wyrm was not always successful. The
forces of healing continued to resurface and challenge the
Medical Caste's monopoly on medicine. One such chal-
lenge came during the Age of Enlightenment. Some
intellectuals grew dissatisfied with the failed nostrums of
the past, and launched a quest to understand the very nature
of the mind and human will.

Attempts to discredit the vanguard of the growing psy-
chiatric movement failed, and by the 19th century, it had
made major discoveries about human behavior. It recom-
mended that all people take charge of their own emotional
health. The Seventh Generation recognized the dangers of
people taking responsibility for their own internal lives,
and struck back. It worked to subvert the new science of
psychology just as it had once subverted the healing power
of the shamans.

Sigmund Freud stumbled upon the Seventh Generation's
great secret early in his career. He learned that an extraor-

Chapter Three

dinarily pervasive underground culture of child abuse
flourished just out of sight of most people. When he made
his findings known to the emerging psychiatric community
of the day, he ran into powerful opposition. Influential
members of the Seventh Generation, working through
Freud's friends and colleagues, informed the young doctor
that his conclusions were gravely erroneous. They let him
know that if he proceeded with his work, they would
disown him and cast him out of their community.

Shocked by this backlash, Freud agreed to reevaluate his
findings. He changed them slightly, deciding that the
staggering numbers of cases of child sexual abuse he
discovered as he worked with traumatized adult survivors
were really nothing more than products of active childish
imaginations. He turned his theory about the damage of
sexual abuse into the theory of infantile sexuality.

The Seventh Generation embraced Freud's reversed
explanation and elevated the man to godlike heights. In one
decisive move the cult subverted a great tool for healing,
and turned modern psychoanalysis into a willing tool of the
Defiler Wyrm.

Following this dizzying success, the Medical Caste was
comfortable to withdraw from direct intervention. It left
well-intentioned psychiatrists to do its dirty work, convinc-
ing multitudes of sad and wounded children that they were
never abused.

The Medical Caste is now comfortable to do little more
than make sure that women's health issues go underfunded
and close ranks around psychiatrists caught abusing their
power and sexually exploiting their clients. They protect
the offending psychiatrists with money and high-powered
legal aid, and destroy the careers of psychiatrists who break
ranks to try to bring cases against the offenders. Due to the
Seventh Generation's great influence and power, most
psychiatrists caught sexually exploiting vulnerable pa-
tients are still practicing. Likewise, they make sure that
priests who commit pedophilia are simply reassigned to
other dioceses, even when caught in the act. The Defiler
Wyrm takes care of its own.

Since the Medical Caste has been so wildly successful in
the past, it believes it doesn't have to work as hard as the
other castes during day-to-day operations, even though its
job, preventing real healing, is far more difficult.

Challenges of the Medical Caste: New evidence of the
pervasiveness of child sexual abuse is again coming to
light, as it did in Freud's day. The Old Guard of the Medical
Caste, still heady with its success in the 19th century, feels
little need to reconsider its tactics. It feels that it laid the
question to rest once and for all, and conventional psychia-
try will continue to convince abuse victims they imagined
their traumas, successfully suppress all future revelations
about the extent of the problem, and crush an)
real healing.

However, the Young Turks do not accept this
understand that former victims are bypassing
psychiatry. More and more people seek healing

ancient ways of the shamans and the futuristic ways of the
New Age movement, both of which are beyond the control
of the Seventh Generation. The Old Guard derides these
unorthodox approaches as being too far outside the main-
stream to ever mount a serious challenge. But it has
overlooked one powerful and utterly unpredictable source
of healing: the public confessional of television.

The unknown and the famous alike have come forward
to break the cycle of secrecy on which the Defiler Wyrm
thrives, spilling out their horrendous stories to the entire
nation on network-television talk shows. This information
whirls around the world in mere days, spurred on by
tabloids and gossip, and leaves the confessor purged,
lightened and on the path of healing.

The Old Guard's reaction is to send conventional psy-
chiatrists to do the chat show circuit as well, to challenge
the victims, convince them they are publicity-seeking liars,
and browbeat them into submission.

This inelegant, brutal solution has been backfiring, as it
seems to instill anger in the public at the arrogance and
malignancy of the experts, and build sympathy for the
victims. Nonetheless, the Old Guard, wedded to its old
solutions, sees nothing wrong with its approach, and re-
fuses to change.

The Young Turks, the members of which were all born
in the 20th century, are far more media-savvy than their
life-extended elders, and know that the Medical Caste is
losing its grip on the public mind. The Young Turks are
now doing more than grousing about their elders. They are
actively plotting rebellion. They want to take control of the
Medical Caste, and wage an all-out war on the survivors of
abuse. They want to use magic to seal the minds of victims
and prevent any access to the memories. They feel that any
solution short of this will cause the entire Seventh Genera-
tion to be exposed. War is about to erupt in the Medical
Caste, and the rest of the Seventh Generation knows noth-
ing about it.

Attitude Toward Other Seventh Generation Castes:

Government Caste: Because they must concern them-
selves with the pathetic minutiae of day-to-day temporal
matters, they lose sight of the big picture. We are far better
suited to run Seventh Generation operations than they are,
and one day we just might assert our control, and make the
members of the Government Caste our servants. After all,
we are the most direct progeny of the Defiler Wyrm, and do
the most to crush trust in children.

Business Caste: Petty, simple-minded, self-important
fools. Because they are lost in peripheral issues of money,
they have lost sight of the purity and clarity of the Defiler
Wyrm. They have never been threats to us and never will
be.

Snatchers Caste: Our most loyal followers. With these
true believers by our side, we could conquer the three castes
that are more consumed with influence over man than
tasting the sweetness of a child's misery.

<a

JW) i

y a cane oman hvull

| Dr. Gunter Draggerunter —_| Gunter gerunter

Warrior Caste: They think we are their servile and
unimaginative lackeys. It is to our benefit that they con-
tinue to think this. We are the true sons of the Defiler
Wyrm, and we gain more control over them with each
passing day. The Snatchers that are so closely allied to us
will help us against them.

Dr. Gunther Draggerunter

Sometimes I need you naked,

Sometimes I need you wild,

I need you to carry my children in,

And I need you to kill a child.

—Leonard Cohen, "You Know Who I Am"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 2, Leadership 2, Melee 4, Enigmas
5, Medicine 5, Law 2, Occult 5, Politics 2, Science 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 5

Gifts: Smell of Man, Persuasion, Curse of Hatred,
Madness, Violation, Pulse of the Invisible, Resist Pain,
Ultimate Argument of Logic, Body Wrack, Obedience,
Scent of the True Form, Head Games, Icy Chill of Despair

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Rites: Rite of the Pentarch, Rite of Summoning

Image: Draggerunter is a very large, broad-shouldered,
heavyset white man in his late 60s. He is very severe and
imposing in size and demeanor. He is bald, with wispy
white hair on the sides of his head and a wide white beard
that is turning an unsightly nicotine- yellow. His skin is
slightly mottled and his teeth are bad. He has a sour
expression and a cold, clammy handshake. He looks down
disdainfully and disapprovingly over narrow, slitted eyes.

78 Rage Across New York

He has very fat fingers and two wide gold rings. He wears
well-tailored, dark, conservative, European suits, and car-
ties a heavy wooden cane. He looks very "Old World," and
very aristocratic.

On the Umbra and in his rituals he looks like a mad
priest. He wears ornate black robes with an elaborate
necklace and rings. His normally calm demeanor gives way
to frenzied, wide-eyed ranting. His cane becomes a huge,
metal-tipped shepherd's crook.

Roleplaying Notes: He oozes with contempt. He speaks
with a deep voice and a contrived aristocratic accent. He
says "Balderdash!" whenever someone else makes a good
point. He smiles a forced smile, and laughs a false laugh. He
twists the whole of his punishing, severe countenance into
a forced, insincere smile. He believes that this gets the
children to trust him.

Background: Doctor Gunther Draggerunter is the point
man for the Medical Caste of the Pentarch. He is not the
leader of the Medical Caste, but he runs the Medical Caste
SWAT team and has done crucial work for the group. He is
one of the most important members of the Medical Caste,
and is a powerful presence in the Seventh Generation.

Dr. Draggerunter is a psychologist who works in the
trenches of psychiatry to ensure that no Seventh Generation
secrets leak out from former victims, and that leaks are
thoroughly discredited. He has been wildly successful at
this for over 100 years, starting with his successful suppres-
sion of Sigmund Freud' s groundbreaking Seduction Theory.

In the modern world, Draggerunter continues this work
by heading the Society for Undermining Fraudulent and
Fallacious Recollections (SUFFR). This gives him a pow-
erful pulpit to disparage and ridicule the victims of sexual
abuse and protect the Seventh Generation. In his day-to-
day work he prevents information on the Seventh
Generation's secret child abuse from coming to light, by
creating a climate in which such charges are not tolerated.

When former victims try to go public with their memo-
ries of ritual abuse, he performs damage control by
discrediting and debunking their claims.

Finally, if victims find the sympathetic ear of someone
in power, Dr. Draggerunter arrives with his SWAT team to
place extreme sanctions on both patients and helper. If the
sanctions do not immediately work, he sends in squads for
magical assault and assassination.

In the past his job was relatively easy and he was able to
keep a low profile. Claims of this sort of extreme abuse
seldom traveled far beyond the psychiatric community.
When they did, Dr. Draggerunter was always there to
gruffly, authoritatively and covertly exert pressure to sup-
press evidence and lead the insular psychiatric community
in heaping scorn on those who dared pursue the informa-
tion.

In recent years, however, celebrities began to bypass
traditional medical authorities and the unspoken taboos to
go public with their stories. The horrors they recounted

Chapter Three


resonated among millions of people. The legions of the
spiritually wounded understood, and their old, long-ig-
nored wounds cried out for solace and healing.

To combat this new menace to his power, Dr.
Draggerunter had to enter this new and very public arena.
Under the harsh glare of TV and radio, his rough, pitiless
and scornful demeanor does not project well at all. He
appears heartless and completely lacking in compassion,
and alienates more people than he persuades.

Despite Draggerunter' s former effectiveness, the younger
members of the medical wing of the Seventh Generation
want a more telegenic, comforting media pit bull. They say
that the doctor is unable to change to meet the needs of the
media age, and looks terribly dated on TV, where the most
crucial fights will be waged. But Draggerunter fights all
attempts to replace him, and violently resists the notion that
he is not the best man for the job any more.

His SWAT team has had to become more aggressive
lately, trying to be everywhere when a claim is made —
every talk show, every news program, every symposium on
child abuse. The doctor is becoming overworked and over-
stressed. He knows that if the memories return on a large
scale, the hand of the Wyrm could be exposed. As a result
he is demanding larger and larger amounts of magical
energy from the Pentarch. His rivals say he is using the
surplus energy against them, and not in the execution of his
job.

Draggerunter is a man very much on the edge. He grows
more irritable by the day, and his work is suffering. People
whom he is charged with reassuring come away from
meetings more doubtful than before. His rivals regularly
take tiny swipes at him. His fate is watched closely by the
rest of the group. For a group unaccustomed to such
internal dissension, the outcome of this rivalry will be seen
as a referendum on the future direction of the Seventh
Generation.

Draggerunter has two "sons," Jabez Holloman and Tynan
Sumner. Holloman is Draggerunter's favorite disciple, and
the old man showers his protégé with position and power.
Holloman, however, is waiting until his mentor is too old
tocommand. He plans to audaciously sacrifice Draggerunter
to the Wyrm, and consume his power. For now he is content
to do Draggerunter's dirty work for him, including fighting
the Garou. Part of this work involves causing children great
harm and pain, a task he greatly enjoys.

Tynan is considered a failure by the old man. Even
though Tynan passed all the tests, he still failed in the old
man's eyes. The unattractive, uncharismatic Tynan re-
minds Draggerunter of his own painful youth, which he
wishes to forget.

Tynan is jealous of his handsome older brother, and plots
tokill him. He has too little confidence to carry out the plan,
but could be goaded into it with careful prodding. He wants
to take over Draggerunter's operations, but knows it is
unlikely. The irony is that he is completely loyal to his
mentor, and would never hurt the old man. Like his brother,
he enjoys hurting children.

In the Umbra, Holloman appears as a jack-booted
stormtrooper, while Tynan appears as an executioner.

Ecco Anderjaegger

Rage Across New York

Ecco Anderjaegger

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 5, Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Enigmas 2, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 1, Medicine 4, Occult 3, Politics 2, Science
2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3

Gifts: Persuasion, Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm, Staredown

Rage 2, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7

Image: Blond and blue-eyed with a stocky frame.

Roleplaying Notes: Piercing gaze and no-nonsense
dialogue. Ecco doesn't beat around the bush unless he is
plotting behind another's back (which he hides well).

Background: Ecco is Draggerunter's chief rival for
control of the Seventh Generation medical SWAT team. He
is one of a new breed of Defiler Wyrm minion which has
come of age in the 20th century instead of the 19th. Ecco is
far more media-savvy, and understands the need to appear
sympathetic to victims on TV shows. He winces when he
sees Draggerunter callously savage the spirits of suffering
people, and knows that even when Draggerunter wins he
builds sympathy for his opponents.

As aresult, Ecco has decided to challenge Draggerunter
for the medical SWAT team position. He knows that only
one of them will come out of such a contest alive, and wants
to play his cards carefully and conservatively. Thus, he will
try to hide in the shadows and wound Draggerunter with a
death by a thousand cuts. Then, in grand style, he will step
in and mercifully destroy his weakened opponent.

Until he is ready for a fight, he will secretly aid the Garou
in bringing down the big man.

The Snatchers Caste;
Resources and Rituals

Of all the members of the Seventh Generation, these are
the most volatile and unstable, and the rest of the Defiler
Wyrm's subjects try to stay as far away from them as
possible. They are all former victims of horrendous abuse
who never received any help or comfort. Their psychic
traumas turned into gaping wounds, for they refused to
acknowledge or embrace their suffering. These unhealed
wounds made them easy prey for the Defiler Wyrm, who
helped mold them into heartless butchers devoid of any
trace of empathy.

The hunt is what appeals to the Snatchers. They love to
victimize and control, to feel absolute power over some-
one. The Snatchers are people who have been dominated
and manipulated. They displace their anger over this onto
innocents whom they can dominate and manipulate. They
get to decide who lives and who dies. They are hypersen-
sitive to criticism, and feel great inadequacy. They are
uncomfortable in the presence of others, even each other.

Chapter Three

Because their wounds are so extreme and their corrup-
tion so total, they are erratic and unreliable servitors. They
often do not deliver their victims properly, and put the
"respectable" members of the Seventh Generation at great
risk of discovery. Snatchers often find themselves at odds
with the Warrior Caste of the Seventh Generation, who
ruthlessly weed out Snatchers whom they deem too impul-
sive, untrustworthy or downright dangerous.

Many Snatchers hate the Warriors, and feel that they
should have both jobs. This is the greatest animosity
between two Seventh Generation castes, and the friction it
causes has led to explosive battles. When these battles
occur, the other branches must subsequently expend great
resources covering up the trail.

Challengers to the Snatchers: As the enemies of the
Seventh Generation become more powerful, more Snatch-
ers are destroyed. Still, Snatchers are being created at a
greater rate than ever, and more are ever ready to replace
their fallen comrades. But their great numbers allow the
rest of the Seventh Generation to treat them as expendable
resources to be cut back when they get out of hand.

Because they are unruly, paranoid and sociopathic, they
do not organize to protect themselves.

Attitude Toward Other Seventh Generation Castes:

Government Caste: Pompous windbags who are fawned
over and cherished while they wallow in our power. We are
terror, and do not need the vaunted protection they think
they provide. The day of reckoning will come.

Business Caste: Almost as bad as the Government
drones. At least they provide us with cash, cars and crash
pads. But they could do more. Any one of us could run their
jobs better. They leech on our power. We could eat them
alive.

Medical Caste: They are some cool, scary, bad dudes.
They understand us and work well with us. They even give
us jobs in their psych wards and orphanages. If we sucked
all the others dry, we would keep some of these.

Warrior Caste: We hate them forever! They rot! They
always come around to leech us, or to blast us up. Cliff ‘em
all, we say!

Lord Akbright

A little girl has lost her way

With hair of gold and eyes of gray

Reflected in his glasses

As he watches her...

We lie beneath the autumn sky

My little golden girl andI

And she lies very still.

—Randy Newman, "In Germany before the War"

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Banes: Foul Spirits Descending

Take this as a warning,

Stay away from me.

Because the man you used to know,

Is not the man that you're gonna see.

This sudden loneliness has made me dangerous

Please don't watch me while I fall apart

Cause I'm sad and I'm angry,

And armed with a broken heart.

—John Gorka, "Armed with a Broken Heart"

Notall Snatchers are irredeemably evil. Many Snatch-
ers are simply former abuse victims who have found no
healing, and have huge internal wounds that become
infested by Banes. The Banes are psychic parasites.
When a Bane enters a person, it must often fight an
ongoing battle to control him. Here are the five results
of that fight:

MINDLEsS SERVITOR

When the struggle for possession between Bane and
host lasts for a very long time, or if the Bane is very
strong and the person is weak, the Bane possesses the
person completely, without the bother of forming a
parasitic link. These Snatchers are not very clever or
efficient, but they are completely devoid of empathy or
human compassion. Their hollow souls make them
vicious killers.

WILLING SERVITOR

Some people turn themselves over to their Banes
when the spirits first invade. These are people eager to
be vile, people who want to revel in the Banes' power.
These are often the strongest, smartest, most efficient
killers and Snatchers. Willing Servitors are nearly as
devoid of empathy as Mindless Servitors, but they
retain their human cleverness. This combination makes
them the most dangerous of the lot. (Lord Akbright is a
Willing Servitor.)

AMBIVALENT SERVITOR

Some people are not entirely willing, but relish the
chance to lash out. The more they succumb to pressure
from their Banes, the more the Banes take over. These
hosts often commit their horrors when the Banes have

risen high in their consciousness, and then later regret
their acts when the Banes have retreated into the lower
reaches of their consciousness. (The Dirt Man [see the
Encounters section] is an Ambivalent Servitor, but the
extent of his wounds makes him reliable to the Bane
controlling him.)

UNWILLING SERVITOR

A few people fight their Banes outright, and refuse to
submit to possession. The Banes must constantly
struggle with these unwilling victims. Usually the Banes
can only compel the people to commit horrible acts
when they are under great stress from an external
source. The longer the fight goes on, the greater a toll it
takes on the victims' functional sanity. Some Unwilling
Servitors retreat into catatonia or commit suicide so
they won't have to kill anyone else.

When a Bane realizes a given host is too difficult to
take over and too strong to crush outright, the Bane
often exerts all its power in one fell swoop, forcing the
human host to commit some easily traceable atrocity.
After the host is caught and arrested, the Bane wickedly
abandons the person, leaving him to face the angry
authorities alone.

TRIUMPHANT SERVITOR

In a few rare cases, a victim puts up a struggle so
powerful that an invading Bane finds it difficult to
remain, and willingly leaves. Some people gain assis-
tance from real healers, who range from priests to
acupuncturists to New Age healers to shamans to com-
passionate Garou. Some people have even tapped into
inner wells of strength and blasted their Banes out of
their bodies like a slippery bar of soap from a clenched
fist.

Ironically, this rejection of the Wyrm often becomes
the victim's first step in the healing process. People
who live in a state of inner decay strong enough to
attract Banes have truly hit bottom in their lives. To
challenge and defeat a possessing Bane is a task that
calls for great inner strength. When that strength is
activated, it is like a paraplegic discovering the use of
a paralyzed limb. If he keeps exercising that limb, he
can gain full use of it. Similarly, if a person rejects a
Bane by crystallizing her inner strength, she can con-
tinue to summon that strength and heal her own wounds.

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 3, Leadership 2, Melee 3,
Enigmas 5, Law 2, Occult 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 5
Gifts: Smell of Man, Disquiet, Violation, Scent of the
True Form, Icy Chill of Despair, Attunement

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rites: Rite of the Pentarch

Image: Lord Akbright looks like a very stiff, thin,
formal, cold, snobbish Southern businessman in a crisp,
ice-cream-white suit, with white hair, white gloves, white
cane, white-tinted sunglasses, and very pale skin. He speaks
with a refined Southern accent. In the Umbra, he is pain-
fully thin and angular. His white suit is barely able to
contain brackish, oily filth that oozes from his cuffs,
beltline, collar and shoes.

82 Rage Across New York

Roleplaying Notes: Put on a pair of dark glasses when
playing Lord Akbright, and survey the world with a baleful,
hateful stare. Never smile, or show any large emotion.
Compulsively pick invisible lint and brush invisible smudges.
from your impeccable clothes. Straighten your tie. Look at
everything as if it is infested with horrible filth.

Background: Lord Akbright is the most powerful mem-
ber of the Snatchers Caste in New York. He organizes the
biggest snatches, and keeps the machinery working, deliv-
ering children to the Seventh Generation in greater and
greater numbers. The Warrior Caste originally backed his
ascension, since he appears reliable, but now he is rapidly
and quietly accumulating status among the disorganized
Snatchers.

His real name is Cary Durvall, and he is a native New
Yorker who pretends to be a Southerner in order to distin-
guish himself from the other Snatchers. Because of the
particularly loathsome form his own abuse took, he is
horribly afraid of getting dirty. He compulsively cleans
himself, and will wear nothing but white cotton clothing.
He becomes enraged if his clothes are soiled.

Warriors: Intimidation and Destruction

The Warrior Caste is a broadly based coalition of homids
pledged to the forces of destruction, and is the only Seventh
Generation caste to completely exclude women. Its mis-
sion is to destroy all the enemies of the Wyrm and to stop
the forces of healing. Its members have infiltrated the upper
ranks of the military, special forces and police in every
nation, and have set the context for behavior and attitude
for the rank and file.

They abuse their positions of trust to wage a covert war
against the forces of Gaia, such as earth elementals and the
Garou. They arm themselves with both conventional weap-
ons and Wyrm magic, and shroud themselves ina protective

mantle of national security and Wyrm spells. Their num-
bers are small, but they command vast legions of innocent
humans, and so their influence is tremendous.

Using intimidation, fraud and assassination, they have
altered the course of history around the world. They have
rigged elections and kept dictators in power. Unlike the
Government Caste, which debates policy constantly, the
Warrior Caste has a clear and simple set of objectives and
almost never alters its policies. This gives its members a
single-minded focus that is the envy of the other castes.

The only overt internecine power struggle in which the
members of the Warrior Caste indulge themselves is a war
with the Snatchers. They do not want the Snatchers' job,
but know that the Snatchers covet the position of the
Warriors. They work hard to ensure that the disorganized
Snatchers cannot rise up and try to take over their domain.
They systematically destroy any Snatcher that threatens to
become an effective leader. When a Snatcher goes out of
control, they transmit secret Wyrm information about the
Snatcher to the appropriate police and national security
forces. When the Snatcher is caught, the Warrior Caste
member who provided the information gains power among
the mortal police. When the betrayed Snatcher tries to
reveal the conspiracy and point out the Wyrm agents within
the police force, the Medical Caste mobilizes to discredit
and incapacitate the Snatcher.

Challenges of the Warrior Caste: The Warrior Caste is
increasingly concerned with covering up its members'
lengthy history of sexual harassment, as their predations
come to light. Since they lost the battle to keep women out
of the U.S. armed forces, and since women are becoming
police in greater numbers, their secrets are exposed.

This diffuses their energy, and keeps them from being a
truly powerful caste. They see their way passing, and don't
quite know what to do about it. The Old Guard wants to start
more foreign wars, to serve as a distraction from internal
issues, but the Young Turks want to start race riots, seeing
them as opportunities for warfare at home.

Attitude Toward Other Seventh Generation Castes:

Government Caste: They are spineless policymongers
who lack a clear compass. We are the ones who properly
follow the Defiler Wyrm, but we are pledged to accept their
decisions. Therefore we follow their dictates without ques-
tion.

Business Caste: It is our duty to protect them and their
interests. They lack our backbone and pride.

Medical Caste: A necessary, helpful ally that is wise
enough to stay out of our way.

Snatchers Caste: Greedy, untrustworthy, and out of
control. They claim their erratic behavior stems from a
direct link to the blessed Defiler Wyrm, but it really comes
from their weak, permissive human side. We clip their ears
whenever possible.

Chapter Three


Jeffrey Maudlin

When it all comes down to dust,

I will help you if I must,

T will kill you if I can.

— Leonard Cohen, "Story of Isaac"

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimidation 5,
Firearms 3, Leadership 4, Melee 5, Enigmas 5, Law 2,
Occult 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 5

Gifts: Smell of Man, Pulse of the Invisible, Resist Pain,
Body Wrack, Obedience, Scent of the True Form,
Staredown, Spirit of the Fray, Coup de Grace, Might of
Thor, Fatal Flaw, Open Wounds, Weak Arm

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 9

Rites: Rite of the Pentarch

Image: Tall, handsome, jut-jawed, blond Canadian
Mountie with an overbearing swagger. He looks striking
and dominant when he sits tall in the saddle, but when he
speaks his demeanor is disdainful and cruel. On the Umbra
he looks like a caricature of a Mountie, astride a wild, fire-
breathing steed.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the most handsome man in
Canada and the U.S., and you know it. You are rugged and
strong, and women adore you for it, even in spite of their
better judgment. You were born to command, and no one
may resist. Men must envy you, women must long for you,
and you must hurt and betray them all.

Background: Jeffrey Maudlin is young for a Seventh
Generation regional leader. He was a young man in World
War II, when he fought in the Canadian army. He was shell-

shocked in battle, deserted his unit, and returned home with
severe Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. His domineering
father, who had pushed him into the service and combat,
prevented him from getting the treatment he needed. He
grew isolated and increasingly paranoid. Monstrous night-
mares kept him from sleeping for months on end. He finally
snapped completely, and the Wyrm took over.

The Defiler Wyrm infused him with a towering arro-
gance, and used that to mask his inner horrors and hurts.
Whenever he begins to feel trauma or guilt over deserting
his friends, he compensates by covering it over with arro-
gance so extreme it borders on caricature.

He created a new identity and joined the Royal Canadian
Mounted Police. He worked his way up the ranks, and now
commands Wyrm forces in the U.S. and Canada. He ranges
the wilderness, making sure the Wyrm destruction sites
remain safe, and attacking the stray Garou he finds.

The Order of the Rose:
Sacrifice an? Survival

Just how we fall it's hard to know

When what we feel we seldom show.

So we show the parts we feel are best

And squirm around the edges trying to cover up the
rest...

For all the bruises, all the blows,

I'd rather feel the thorn than to never see the rose.

So when you pick the handsomest flower,

Don't forget the thorn upon the rose.

Its cut is deep and its scar lasts forever.

It follows love wherever love goes.

—Mary Black, "The Thorn Upon the Rose"

The Order of the Rose is a band of mutilated, violated,
and very angry humans who hunt the Seventh Generation.
Its members are all former victims of direct or indirect
abuse by the Seventh Generation, and they battle their
abusers in an attempt to purge their systems of the horrors
they experienced. In a world that refuses to take their
claims seriously or offer them healing, they had to choose
between succumbing to the monster inside, or fighting it.
They chose to fight it, using any means at their disposal.
They have shadowy cells all over the world, and elaborate
secret society rituals to keep infiltrators out.

The Order is predicated on the belief that fighting the
enemy keeps the members pure, and so its members often
refuse to seek any further healing. Some think that binding
their inner wounds will weaken them. They feel that they
draw white-hot strength from their anger and pain, and this
anger is an effective weapon. True or not, the hunters spend
their entire lives in pain, obsessed with bleak, ugly thoughts
of cold revenge.

Members of the order often do not have children, out of
fear of passing on the Wyrm taint. However, the members

84 Rage Across New York

do not keep their monastic vows of celibacy very well, and
often simply refuse to acknowledge the children they do
have. Many Order of the Rose progeny have indeed be-
come powerful servitors of the Wyrm.

Nevertheless, some of the greatest and most successful
heroes of the Order of the Rose have been the unacknowl-
edged bastards of Rose members. These tormented youths
put their lives and sanity on the line in order to win the
approval, respect and acknowledgment of their absent
parents.

The Rose Becomes the Wyrm

These survivors-turned-avengers have all paid a price
for their obsession. They have all sacrificed normal lives
and conventional happiness for the cold comfort of a
deadly game pursuing their shadowy, powerful enemy.
Many of them become like their enemy, growing so ob-
sessed with vengeance that they become vulnerable to the
very Banes they hate.

Sister Grace

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Survival 2, Investigation
2, Medicine 1, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Gifts: Survivor

Rage 1, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Image: Sister Grace is a very squat, heavyset, middle-
aged nun with a very manly nature. She is physically very
powerful, but her face is like a sad, angry child. She has one
wooden leg.

Chapter Three


Roleplaying Notes: Talk in a deep, husky voice. Sigh
wistfully and sadly. When angry, shriek.

Background: Sister Grace became a nun and joined a
convent after suffering years of abuse in her local church.
She learned of the Order of the Rose when a Rose member
killed the priest who had victimized her. She joined them,
and learned hand-to-hand combat and powerful spells to
fight the Defiler Wyrm minions within her church.

Adam OBerlam

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Gifts: Sense of the Unnatural, Open Seal, Blissful Igno-
rance

Rage 1, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Image: Adam is a tall, gangly young Hispanic man with
unruly black hair and a missing right eye. He wears a black
eye patch and a black leather jacket over an unstrung
straitjacket. He usually wears a long scarf to hide his nose
and mouth, and a large black hat.

Roleplaying Notes: Cackle maniacally, shout angrily,
think quietly, pause and cackle again.

Background: Adam is a resourceful Wyrm hunter. He
spent most of his young life in an Arizona mental hospital
as a ward of the state. He had been sold to the Seventh
Generation as a child, and suffered unspeakable horrors in
rituals. The health care workers refused to believe his
account of the molestation, and decided that Adam was a
danger to other children. Instead of giving him expensive
therapy, Seventh Generation members in the institution

devised additional tortures designed to please the budget-
conscious administrators. They initiated experiments
designed to punish the boy's natural sexual responses with
electric shocks, ammonia treatments and other forms of
"aversion therapy."

This second cycle of abuse and betrayal drove Adam
mad and shattered his personality into very different parts.
He escaped the institution and fled. He spent a lot of time
on the streets, but was always drawn back to psychiatric
institutions, seeking to destroy the wicked people who hurt
him. He became a very effective guerrilla operative, and
stopped some horrendous treatments. The Order of the
Rose contacted him, and he gladly joined them. Now he
operates out of New York.

One of his fragmented personas is a very effective
guerrilla operative, but others are fearful and catatonic. His
greatest fear is that his strong personalities will abandon
him at a crucial point in a mission, and he will revert to a
helpless child and die.

Heaven

People in Heaven never look back,

Higher and higher the past fades to black.

If I can be someone who never needs a disguise,

Then I will be in Heaven, Heaven is in your eyes.

— Julie Gold, "Heaven"

Heaven is a Garou Underground Railroad where abused
children find refuge from the horrors of molestation, kid-
napping, the Seventh Generation and the Defiler Wyrm.

In the days before Heaven was formed, the Garou
periodically ran across children when they flushed out
Wyrm ritual sites. They usually released the children back
into the world, but soon learned that the children often had
no homes and were placed in the custody of the state. In
addition, they were often marked by the Wyrm, who had
invested too much time and energy into the children to let
them go. The Wyrm wanted them back, and could track
them down in institutions to reclaim them. The Silver Fang
Loba Carcassone started collecting the children, taking
them to other states and placing them in homes with
Kinfolk.

When Loba learned that Wyrm-abused children often
grew up to become Wyrm-ridden abusers, she built her
Underground Railroad, and Heaven was born.

Heaven is both a place and a group. As a place it has no
fixed location, and as a group it has a constantly changing
membership. It exists solely to protect children from abuse
and Wyrm infestation, and to try to heal them.

When children are kidnapped for Seventh Generation
ritual molestation and murder, the Defiler Wyrm grows
more powerful. To stop this, the agents of Heaven inter-
vene and move the children from one Kinfolk safehouse to
another, usually with Wyrm minions on their trail. They

86 Rage Across New York

place the children in an underground network of foster
homes and reunite the kids with their loving parents.

They also find children snatched by abusers, and protect
and shelter women who snatch their children from abusive
husbands (and sometimes wives).

Though they know about ritual Defiler Wyrm abuse,
they remain unaware of the Seventh Generation itself. But
they are learning.

Loba Carcassone

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Silver Fang

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 5, Expression 5, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Streetwise 4, Animal Ken 2, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Stealth
3, Survival 4, Enigmas 2, Law 1, Medicine 3, Occult 2,
Politics 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Kinfolk 5, Pure Breed 3, Re-

S

st sion, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech, Mother's
Touch, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible, Spirit Drain, Awe,
Wrath of Gaia, Scent of Running Water

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 30,000, Honor 20,000, Wisdom 25,000

Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Questing Stone,
Rite of Summoning, Baptism of Fire, Rite of the Fetish

Fetishes: Images of Hope (Level: 1, Gnosis: 3. These
are photographs of beautiful natural places, places full of
Gaia's energy. Spirits of harmony have been bound into the
photos. Loba gives these to children, calling them pictures
of the child's "special place." "Whenever you are sad or
lonely, look at the picture, and you will know that there is
a place for you somewhere." Gazing on the picture will
raise the spirits of the viewer and negate the Gift: Disquiet),
Sanctuary Chimes, various talens.

Image: Loba is a beautiful wolf with shimmering, deli-
cate silver fur. In human form she is a stocky, 30ish white
woman with long black hair shot through with silver. She
looks unearthly even in homid form, and often wears wigs
and disguises when in public. Loba is 36 years old.

Roleplaying Notes: Loba speaks only in a whisper. Her
voice is elegant, slow and ever so sad.

Background: The modern Underground Railroad called
Heaven is run by the Silver Fang, Loba Carcassone, who
rules with a fanaticism born of singular purpose. She is
slightly mad herself, and sometimes seems to be nursing an
inner wound as deep as any of the young charges she
Tescues.

She has never told anyone what drives her to her work,
but she pursues it with zeal. She spends her life on the road,

relentlessly seeking new safehouses, shuttling children
from one to another, and battling the Wyrm. Her most
difficult triumph still eludes her: she still does not know
how to heal the children. Her eyes calm children, and help
them forget the horrors that are driving them mad, but she
cannot take the pain away and make them whole again. This
is her tragedy, and she knows it.

Loba works without Renown, and has deliberately told
very few Garou about her work. She is keeping it a secret
from the leaders, especially the Silver Fang ruler, Jacob
Morningkill. If any Garou blows her cover, she will earn
great Renown for her work, but she will be very angry over
losing her privacy.

Quote: "These poor children. It seems so very easy to
get things wrong, and so very hard to set them right again.

"T understand all about the terrible power of lurking
demons. I suspect that many of the ghastly visions that
surface to haunt us in ghost stories are actually resurfacing,
returning memories of large, threatening presences hover-
ing above us. Sometimes we know they want to hurt us."

Healing in Heaven

The people of Heaven pluck children from abusive
situations and soothe their fears. Gradually the children's
memories of the pain and horror fade until they gain
sufficient emotional maturity to deal with them. Forgetful-
ness settles over them like a holy balm. Those who do not

Chapter Three


find some way to deal with these memories often become
abusers themselves. They become bullies, juvenile sex
offenders, and even youthful killers.

In a sense, forgetfulness is a mercy. It gives the tiny,
defenseless children time to build emotional bodies of
sufficient strength to grapple with the enemy. Occasion-
ally, however, the forgetfulness can hinder growth as well.

Loba says: "I wish I knew the way through this maze. For
though the children's minds blissfully cover their wounds
with scars of forgetfulness, the inner wounds are not
healed. For the wounds to truly heal, these children must
face their tormentors again. And their tormentors will
return. The children's minds will be invaded once again,
this time by the shades of these wicked ones.

"The children will face a second battle later in life. But
this time they will be more equipped to deal with the fight.
They will be on equal footing with their inner demons. If
they look into the black pit of memory and grapple with the
demons that lurk there, they can win, and be free. And their
children shall be free.

"But if they shrink from the task, and look away from the
black pit of despair, the Wyrm will get them. The Wyrm
will color all their actions, and especially their dealings
with their own children. They will violate their own chil-
dren. They will become abusers or ones who seek to be
abused or ones who let their children be abused. And the
Wyrm will have won.

"Many exorcise it. Many do not. That I have learned. But
Icannot make any child face his pain. I can only watch and

see how he comes out."

. oe
Faeries: Arcadia in the
Abiro

Come with me to the North Country,

Where the Devil and the cold winds wail.

Where the drink is strong and the nights are long,

And Ill tell an Adirondack tale.

— Christopher Shaw, "The Mad Fiddler of the
North Country"

Not all faeries fled Earth's plane when magic disap-
peared. Some faeries stayed behind to take advantage of a
world with few rivals. For the most part these faeries are
playful, mischievous sprites, but they can be deadly in a
fight.

Faeries inhabit New York's mountain ranges, where the
primal magic is still the strongest. They range freely up and
down the Adirondack and Catskill Mountains. They make
their home in a great well of magic in the upper Catskills.
The Garou would love to wrest this spot from them and
make it into a caern (Level 4), but the faeries have held it
for as long as the Garou can remember.

Rage Across New York

The faeries call their shrine the Amphitheater, and they
amuse themselves there by playing ninepins with great
magical rocks called Thunder Stones. When rolled, these
stones make a tremendous noise like a peal of thunder.
They can be used as weapons, exploding on impact for
seven Health Levels of damage and Body Wrack (as the
Gift).

Faerie society in New York has one major conflict: the
war between the Smooths and the Mottleds. Smooth Faeries
look like slender humans and are considered very beautiful.
The Mottleds are ugly, squat and sometimes repulsive
creatures. The Smooths have isolated themselves and sel-
dom descend from their mountain homes. The Mottleds are
more adventurous, especially the two friends Gibber and
Crepper. Gibber and Crepper are pranksters who love
playing tricks on their human and Garou neighbors.

Gibber and Crepper

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5,
Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 4, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 5, Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3

Gifts: Blissful Ignorance, Scent of the True Form,
Doppleganger. (Gibber: The Thousand Forms, Glib
Tongue, Phantasm, Gift of the Spriggan; Crepper:
Cybersenses, Gremlins, Power Surge)

Rage 0, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5

Image: Gibber is a short, stout faerie with an ugly face
and a sour expression. He often takes a Garou form.
Crepper is a short, dumpy faerie with a nasty, ear-to-ear
grin.

Roleplaying Notes: Gibber: Bug your eyes out and
bulge your cheeks. Talk in a low, slow voice.

Crepper: Exaggerate your every expression to the point
of absurdity. Cackle maniacally and talk in a high-pitched
giggle.

Background: Gibber loves to play pranks on humans
and Garou. His favorite trick is to take the form of a young
Garou, be sent on a rite of passage, and rally all the young,
fearful Garou against their elders. He has played this game
on six of the tribes so far, and won't be content until he
collects all 13.

He likes to waylay men and Garou who find their way
into the mountains, and trick them into drinking faerie wine
that puts them in magical stasis for decades. He has one
Garou and two humans sleeping in the faerie stronghold.
The Garou is of the Children of Gaia, and the Children
would be very grateful to anyone who retrieved her.

Crepper has discovered the world of machines and
electronics, and he loves it. He enjoys communicating with
elementals of electricity, and wants to learn more. He likes
playing tricks on humans and fouling up their technical
devices.

He would love to learn the Gift: Control Complex
Machines. He would give a lot for that spell, including a
Harmony Flute fetish. He would even teach the
Doppleganger Gift, or grant a favor, to be called due at any
time.

Black Spiral Dancers

Red lips lifted, and dark eyes dreamed,

Bats came wheeling on stealthy wings;

But the moon rose gold and the far stars gleamed,

And the king still sate on the throne of kings.

—Robert E. Howard, "A Song of the Race"

The Black Spiral Dancers crawl in dark tunnels which
range under the entire state. The Dank Well Sept is hidden
in caverns under the Adirondack Mountains. The Pit, as
Black Spirals call their caern, is Level 3. There are 17
Dancers in this sept, as well as three Wyrm-tainted Garou
from other tribes. The ruler is Keener Hrushta, an utterly
insane Ragabash who is trying to use her kin-relations with
Unseelie faeries to usurp the lands of the faeries in the
Catskills.

A large pack called the Abyss Leapers lurks in the
sewers of New York City. Its members are allied with
Pentex, and act as bodyguards and combat forces for their
security-conscious operations. The pack also performs
dread spirit-rites to further Pentex's Umbral power in the
city. The Abyss Leapers have an alliance with those among
the New York Sabbat who are also allied with Pentex (one
of the Board of Directors is a Malkavian antitribu).

The pack consists of nine Dancers and one Wyrm-
tainted Fianna. The leader is Gamush the Hell Roarer. He
is backed by his loyal lackeys, the Ahroun Horlaq and the
Theurge Phorx. His chief rival is Kabula, a warrioress
heady with Renown from her services to Pentex.

Black Spiral Dancers

Str 4, Dex 4, Sta3, Cha 1, Man 2, App 0, Per 3, Int 2, Wts
3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-
Urge 4, Stealth 4 (Gamush the Hell Roarer has 5s in all
Physical Attributes and a Brawl score of 5)

Gifts: Create Element, Ears of the Bat, Curse of Hatred,
and Resist Pain or Razor Claws (Gamush the Hell Roarer
has Patagia and Foaming Fury)

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5

Chapter Three


Vampires

You live by death, your word is violence
Hatred and evil are your alliance
YY Murderous blasphemy, arrogance and greed
Will lead to you downfall surely indeed.

—Dead Aim, "Clenched Fist"
Relations between New York's Garou and Kindred
communities are tenuous at best. The Garou hold the real
power and control in most parts of upstate New York, but
in New York City it is the vampires who rule. This puts
more pressure on the Glass Walkers of New York, who
have enough of a challenge from the Wyrm forces arrayed
throughout the city.
The Garou are generally unaware that vampires are
divided into three main groups: the Camarilla, the Sabbat,
and the Inconnu. The werewolf leaders have a vague
understanding that the vampiric community is arrayed
against itself and seems to be in a perpetual state of
internecine war: fops against brutes. They see the vampires
through Garou eyes, and therefore they usually think of all
vampires as a unified race that has some Garouesque tribal
spats. They do not realize the divisions within vampiric
society are so extreme that the Camarilla and Sabbat hate
each other far more than they do the Garou.
As a result, some vampires are eager to forge alliances
with the werewolf community in order to gain allies against
their vampiric rivals. Generally the Garou reject such
overtures, finding vampires to be too Wyrm-ridden to be
worth an alliance. Indeed, Kindred peace delegations usu-
ally find themselves in pieces. In rare cases, however, a
strategic alliance with the Kindred fits nicely into a Garou
scheme, and a deal is struck. Generally the two sides do not
come to one another' , but do supply valuable informa-
tion and mark off territory to avoid paralyzing and pointless
battles that deplete the ranks of both peoples.
The Garou have spent the past 300 years in bloody and
costly wars with the vampires, only to see the Licks
multiply. Now they generally turn away from vampiric
assaults, and avoid challenging any Sabbat caught feeding.
Some werewolves say the Garou ought to encourage the
vampires, since the Kindred are carrying out an Impergium
of their own. Thus far, however, all werewolf leaders have
rejected that argument.

Strategic Alliances

The vampires that have done the best at convincing the
Garou to ally have been the ones with a high Humanity
(those with a Humanity of 7 or better are not of the Wyrm).
If the Garou cannot smell the stink of the Wyrm about them,
they are more willing to ally.

WSNNAAAAM MM

Rage Across New York

Some of the younger Fianna who prow! New York City
have discovered the powerful Toreador stranglehold on the
art world there, and have formed nonaggression pacts with
the Toreador. They work together to further the cause of art
in the city, but also make careful note of their allies' havens
in order to ward against treachery.

The Shadow Lords in New York City have a special
alliance with the Giovanni; this "understanding" is not
completely sanctioned by the Shadow Lord leadership, but
serves the tribe's underworld interests.

Some Bone Gnawers secretly exchange information and
rumors with the Nosferatu. They appreciate the food the
Nosferatu serve them, and the Nosferatu appreciate the
extension of their senses.

The New York City Glass Walkers and the Sept of the
Green have a shaky nonaggression pact with the Sabbat.
The Garou recognize the need to avoid pointless warfare
between the two groups, both of which have greater en-
emies elsewhere. Part of the Sabbat-Sept of the Green
agreement ensures that Sabbat members do not feed in
Central Park. This has been violated in a few spectacular
instances, but the Sabbat has for the most part honored its
end of the bargain, and this has largely prevented open
warfare.

(Note that the Kindred power of Obfuscate gives the
vampire a roll against a Garou's ability to Sense Wyrm or
use the Philodox gift Scent of the True Form.)

Sabbat: Princes of the City

The Sabbat controls New York City, though its control
has been extensively undermined by the Camarilla —
much more so than the Sabbat knows. The Giovanni clan
also holds the real levers of power more firmly than the
Sabbat knows.

The Sabbat passions for frenzy and bloodlust have
brought the sect into pointed confrontations with the Glass
Walkers, who choose their fights carefully. In general, the
members of the Sabbat are happy they don't have to look
over their shoulders every time they hear a dog growl. If
they had a strong hold on their own ranks they might be
more aggressive. Fortunately for the Garou, the Sabbat is
torn by internal conflicts with its own anarchs. Ironically,
the more power the Sabbat gains, the more the sect's own
young resist their leaders. The Sabbat is risking an Anarch
Revolt of its own, just as it capitalized on the Anarch Revolt
that left the Camarilla behind.

Though the Sabbat leaders would very much like to
breed an army and wipe out the Garou, they are afraid to
overbreed for fear of losing control of their anarch progeny.
This is the problem of any rebel group that gains power. If
it wins, it becomes the status quo.

The Brujah antitribu Shawnda Dorrit is the Sabbat
priscus of Manhattan. She has overseen the unwritten pact
with the Glass Walkers. The pactis opposed by the Tzimisce

Chapter Three

bishop Violet Tremain, who wants nothing less than the
wholesale obliteration of the "dogs."

Shawnda Dorrit

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4,
Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Inves-
tigation 3, Law 2, Occult 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 2

Gifts: Shroud (Obtenebration), Might of Thor (Po-
tence), Awe (Presence), Luna's Armor (Fortitude)

Rage 6 (note: she can spend Rage for extra actions),
Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Image: Shawnda is a big, muscular African-American
woman with very short hair and blue-black tattoos. She
wears black leather and a surly expression.

Roleplaying Hints: Gruff and verbally violent on the
outside, but very friendly and chummy with allies.

Background: Shawnda is a 12th Generation Brujah
antitribu vampire. She was born in 1945 and embraced
when she was 23.

Shawnda fought her way to the top of the Sabbat ranks,
and became a priscus five years ago. She inherited mainte-
nance of the pact with the Glass Walkers and the Sept of the
Green from the last priscus, who was killed by the Cama-
rilla. She genuinely likes some Garou, but would turn on
them if she had to. Her haven is in the Lower East Side.

The Camarilla: The
Distinguished Opposition
Though the Camarilla presence in New York is weaker
than that of the Sabbat, it tends to give less quarter to the
Garou. Its members have longer memories, and remember
with outrage the widespread vampire hunts the Garou
launched hundreds of years ago.
The Ventrue Theodore Al' Azif is in charge of keeping
tabs on Garou activity in New York, and he reports directly
to the Camarilla heads of the city. Theodore is of mixed
Arab and European stock, and has an exotic cast to his
features. He is urbane and reserved. Theodore is a 10th
generation vampire.
Theodore fears the Garou, and would like to eliminate
them from New York City. He is in charge of uncovering
their meeting places, homes and hiding holes, and the more
he learns about them, the less he likes them. He has seen the
Glass Walkers tear into Trash Skrags with a mad ven-
geance, and is sure they feel the same way abo i
He favors a preemptive strike on the Garou,
unable to convince his superiors, who want to &
on dislodging the Sabbat from New York.

Cann
»

; ar
BRPGZS YE

Rage Across New York


oe of the Glass Walkers:
Canin for Pride of the

I was dancing through the broken glass last night and
thought of you

And I wondered where your restless dreams had brought
you to

Did you go out to the woods where the silver poplars
sing?

Did the quiet rustling take away the city's sting?

Hope your lonely anger hasn't turned you inside out

That you found a place that some of us still dream about.

—Anne Tabor, "Broken Glass"

The Glass Walker Philodox called Pride of the Pack was
considered by many to be the greatest of all the Garou of
the New York area. Indeed, many among the Glass Walkers
consider him the greatest of their tribe. He helped to bring
the Glass Walkers into the modern age, and his embrace of
technology paved the way for the success the tribe has had
since then. Of all his kind, he was most able to assimilate
into human society, and showed the way to so many others.
Alas, he disappeared one day, and has been the subject of
legends since then.

Chapter Four

The last of his Fostern who saw him said he was suffer-
ing from Harano, the gloom induced by contemplation of
Gaia's suffering.

The rivals of the Glass Walkers, like the Get of Fenris
and the Red Talons, use this as evidence that living among
homids in choked cities only leads to horror and sorrow. "If
the greatest of the Glass Walkers could not stomach the
reeking city, how can anyone?"

Some Glass Walkers, however, say he is not dead, but is
still somewhere in the world, on a great mission. They still
harbor the hope that he will return to lead them as a mighty
king.

Pride of the Pack is indeed suffering from Harano, but
one that has been induced by the Wyrm. He lives in homid
form on a little fishing area near Staten Island's Great Kills
Harbor. He fears changing into any other form lest he lose
control and become cowardly or wrathful. What he needs
is to leave the city entirely, and clean out his system in a
pure area.

He is still active in the environmental movement, where
he is known as "the old man with the boat" or "Lou." He has
been fighting City Hall to get stronger laws passed, and has
been photographing illegal dumping.

The Garou find him while investigating Wyrm activity
near Staten Island' s toxic dump sites. They hear an old man
being beaten by Pentex's corporate goons. If they rescue
him, they discover that he is more than he seems. This sets
up a good roleplaying encounter, during which the players
can try to convince him to return and battle the curse.

93

The Little People: Crouble in
the Adirondacks

Gibber and Crepper are looking for a little fun. They
want to provoke a war between the local Get of Fenris and
Shadow Lords by impersonating members of each tribe,
and making unprovoked hit-and-run attacks on the other
tribe. The player pack must mediate and investigate to avert
a war,

The faeries will gladly stop their deception for more
information about electronic elementals. If they get it, they
will go on a destructive rampage in New York City, causing
blackouts, computer glitches and traffic accidents. They
will also try to cause a plane crash. If they are killed,
stronger faeries will come to avenge them. Their destruc-
tiveness can be turned to helpful ends if their attention is
turned to Wyrm minions.

Deep Ecology

Aaron Hastings is a wealthy heir to a great Pentex
dynasty. He learned about the corporation's poisonous
dealings when his father asked him to take over a major
portion of the company. However, the job involved illegal
toxic dumping, and he turned it down.

When his own father told him that refusing employment
meant death, Aaron fled into the night. He is looking for a
safe place to hide from the Black Spiral Dancers who are on
his trail. He has great secrets about locations of Pentex

sites, but the Garou must first get him out of Manhattan to
any safe area upstate.

Copland the Statue of

The pack learns (from a spirit) that a pack of fomori is
planning to poison the Statue of Liberty by dumping
carcinogenic chemicals around the island and in the crown.
The characters have to stop the plot or the Statue of Liberty
will cause cancer in thousands of visitors before it is sealed
off, and a long cleanup begun. This will energize some
people to fight against dumping, but most homids in the

nation will become further demoralized and resigned to life
on an increasingly filthy planet.

Sins of the Fathers:
(Discovering the Seventh

Generation
Echoes of Defilement

Many of the Garou tribal elders have pieces of the puzzle
of the Seventh Generation, but none have solid clues, and
none have pieced their suspicions into a cohesive whole.

94 Rage Across New York


The players will meet bits and pieces of the Seventh
Generation before they know of it as a whole. As the
players learn about the Seventh Generation, they can get
assistance from the Garou leaders investigating individual
castes of the Seventh Generation. Sooner or later, they will
realize that all the unconnected parts fit together.

This chronicle gives the players the chance to expose
something that has gone undetected for a long time. But
even as they present proof of the secret society to their
tribes, many will refuse to believe them. Wyrm-tainted
Garou will try to stop them.

Heaven: The Resaue

The Silver Fang Loba Carcassone calls for help in saving
homid children from the Wyrm. She wants volunteers to go
into New York City and help get children out of Manhattan.
The children, whom she claims to have rescued from Wyrm
minions, are in a Heaven safehouse in the Upper West Side
near Central Park. Most tribes consider Loba to be more
insane than most Silver Fangs, and refuse to help her.

If the players assist her, they get drawn into a desperate
chase. The children were being watched by one of Heaven's
Kinfolk operatives when Skrags, led by Lord Akbright,
burst into their apartment and tried to nab them. The
children fled while the Skrags tore the operative to pieces.
They slipped into a sewer pipe, mistakenly believing the
Skrags wouldn't think to search there (they think the
Skrags are just "bad men"; they don't realize the supernatu-

Chapter Four

ral nature of their enemies or protectors).The pack comes
upon the dying operative, who is able to tell them of the
sewer chase before she dies. They must then rescue the
children before the Skrags get them.

The pack runs through the sewers, finding clues to the
children's trail along the way. The chase ends at a nexus of
sewer pathways. There the battle ensues. Use the Rescue
Battle Map to play out this combat.

The Antagonists: The Skrags will abandon their bodies
(possessed street people) at the first sign of Garou, and
attempt to possess the children. The pack will have to enter
the Umbra to attack them. However, the physical danger is
not over. One of the branching sewer paths leads off to an
old, long-dark tunnel — a burrow to the lair of the Abyss
Leapers. Three turns after the combat begins, Black Spiral
Dancers will flood from the tunnel to join the melee. To top
all this off, the combat will awaken a Wyrm creature that
lives in the waters. It will rise within six turns and attack
anything that moves — even battling the Black Spirals if
nothing else presents itself.

Lord Akbright did not personally enter the sewers —
they are too filthy — but he could be awaiting the children's
exit. If you think the pack had it easy down there, have them
crawl into the light of day and into Lord Akbright's hands.
He will have more Skrags with him. The manhole opens
near the Hudson River, in Upper West Side Manhattan.

2
Q
o

S=

\\
\
xl

Skrags: These are not ordinary Skrags, for they are
empowered with a Charm which allows them to possess a
body within seconds.

Rage 10, Willpower 6, Gnosis 4, Power 40, Charms:
Quick Possession (Power Cost 5; treat three successes as a
6+ on the normal possession table, and one or two as 4 and
5 respectively), Incite Frenzy

Black Spirals: Match the number of Black Spirals to the
number of players who do not enter the Umbra. Some of the
Dancers may also shift into the Umbra in order to aid the
Skrags. See the Black Spiral Dancers section in Chapter
Three for their Traits.

Sewer Serpent: A blind survivor from an older age, this
Wyrm creature lives in the lowest and darkest sewers,
swimming in the sludge and eating whatever filth comes its
way. It prefers fresh kill, however, and will attack anything
that moves.

Str3, Dex 4, Sta 4, Per 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Stealth 5

Gifts: Visceral Agony, Venom Blood, Burrow (through
concrete!)

Rage 7, Gnosis 1, Willpower 3, Health Levels: 0/ 0/-1/
-1/ -2/ -2/ -5/ dead

The Children: There are three children (Tony, Linda
and Charlie). They will be afraid of everyone, but will
quickly come to trust the Garou when they see that they are
protecting them. Their earlier tortures at the hands of
Seventh Generation ritualists have torn the Veil from them,
so the Delirium no longer affects them. If they remain alive,
they will think the Garou are neat and won't want them to
leave.

The Possessed Street People: Once the Skrags have left
their bodies, the street people will come to their senses, see
what is going on, and run away in Delirium, remembering
nothing later. The fight will soon become part of the annals
of urban legend.

The Sewer Nexus: The Rescue Battle Map depicts the
detailed combat information necessary to run a fight here.
Follow the key for the Dice Pool modifiers for obstacles
listed. The shiny spots necessary for travel to the Umbra are
marked on the map. In the Umbra, the sewer looks very
similar, but much more sinister. The tunnel leading to the
Black Spiral burrow glows with a faint balefire radiance.

Starting the Combat: The children and the Skrags are
in the center of the sewer nexus, and the pack enters through
one of the sewer tunnels. The Garou must then run forward
to engage in battle. Use the map key for running this
combat.

The Uncovering: Letters from the Umbra

A totem or caern spirit reveals she has learned of impor-
tant messages from the Defiler Wyrm to his minions on
earth. She can lead the wolves into the Umbra, to ambush
the messenger Banes and steal the letters.

Rage Across New York

These are two handouts (at the end of the book) designed
to look like "goatskin." To make them look right, cut off the
corners and wrinkle them up. You can soak them in water,
crumple them up, and let them dry wrinkled.

The letters reveal the schism in the Seventh Generation,
and introduce Draggerunter. If the characters have met
Draggerunter, they further link him to the Seventh Genera-
tion.

The Shaman's Bones

The Garou learn that an ancient holy site near the Finger
Lakes can be revitalized if the bones of a Pure Man shaman
are returned to the mound. The bones are in the Brooklyn
Museum, on Eastern Parkway and Washington Avenue.
The skeleton is part of the American Indian Art collection.

It seems like a simple midnight mission, but it quickly
gets complicated. There are several traps around the skel-
eton, as well as fomori guards. The skeleton was originally
raided by the Seventh Generation Business Caste leader,
Chester R. Van Gelding. He takes a personal stake in
keeping the skeleton, and will personally appear to fight the
intruders.

He will try to change the venue of the fight to the Umbra,
where he is very powerful, and appears as a lunatic Dutch-
man.

When the bones are restored to the holy site, the area is
infused with Gaian energy, and a new spirit is formed there
— perhaps a totem spirit with whom the pack can ally.

The Snatcher

The number of people killed in America is skyrocketing
each year. The solution rate is dropping dramatically.
Seldom can the police find a motive or a suspect. This
manic murder rate is fueling the Apocalypse.

The Garou can track down the Snatcher called the Dirt
Man by following his method of operation near Schenectady.
When he kills, he sprays graffiti on walls near the scenes of
the killings, writing "Dirt Is Everywhere" in red spray
paint. He displays the bodies in a ritual manner, or tosses
them in the Mohawk River.

He hunts nightly, and on nights when he cannot find a
child to snatch or a woman to kill, he goes back to his old
kill area to psychically "roll in the dirt" and revel in his past
kills. This is where the Garou can find him — at the site
where previous bodies were found. If the players survey his
dump site, they will find him.

Helman is a short, pale, ineffectual-looking white man
of 40 or so, with thinning white hair and large glasses. He
wears shabby clothes and smells bad. In the Umbra he looks
dirtier than in real life; filth coughs out from a blackish
wound within his heart.

Helman was a severely abused child who has become a
horrific victimizer. He travels around Albany, New York,
looking for children to buy and women to kill. He is trying
to rally his fellow Snatchers to resist the Warrior Caste,

Chapter Four


who pick up a few Snatchers every time public outcry
becomes too great.

Helman Burnett, The Dirt Man

Str 4, Dex 4, Sta4, Cha 1, Man 2, App 1, Per 4, Int 2, Wts
2, Alert. 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intim. 3, Subt. 2, Streetwise
5, Melee 4, Occult 2

Gifts: Icy Chill of Despair, Disquiet

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5

The. Seventh Generation Strikes
Back

Once the Seventh Generation realizes that the same
Garou are fighting many of its different castes, it targets the
Garou for subtle extermination, using pawns.

The Order of the Rose vs. the Garou

Use this adventure to introduce the players to the Order
of the Rose. This adventure can be inserted in an ongoing
campaign whenever the players take part in arite of passage
kidnapping. Otherwise, just create a child who is nearing
the Change and must be kidnapped for his own sake.

An Order of the Rose investigator pursues the characters
after they snatch a child who is about to become a werewolf.
The members of the Order of the Rose mistakenly believe
that any snatched children are connected to the Seventh
Generation, and when they see any signs of supernatural
action, they are sure.

The players must prove they are not snatching the kids
for immoral purposes; otherwise, they will be forced to
fight the Order of the Rose, even as they simultaneously
attempt to battle the true Snatchers of the Seventh Genera-
tion.

To prove the snatched child is a werewolf and not a
homid child, the pack may have him transform in front of
the Order of the Rose hunters. If they see the child trans-
form into a wolf, they will be horrified. "You beasts!
You've turned that innocent child into a monster! Turn him
back or we' ll kill you!"

If the pack manages to convince the hunters, they will be
gracious. "Oh, I see. You're right. The child was really a
wolf all along." They will commend them on the wisdom
and patience involved in taking the time to show them such
things instead of fighting. "I offer you all our resources in
tracking down the real foe, who is our mutual enemy."

The Order of the Rose vs. the Vampires

As the Order of the Rose comes closer and closer to
locating and understanding the Seventh Generation, the
Wyrm secret society prepares to deflect them. It arranges
for operatives deep within the Church to feed false infor-
mation to the Order.

The Seventh Generation seeks to pit the Order against
foes who are not always as respectful and charitable to the
Wyrm as the Seventh Generation feels they ought to be: the

Rage Across New York


vampires. The Seventh Generation wants to divide and
conquer its hated mortal enemies by tricking them into
attacking "innocent" vampires.

This will instigate all-out war between the Order of the
Rose and the vampires of New York, and make the dormant
Camarilla-Sabbat war flare up. The Rose members attack
vampires with a vengeance, which sparks open warfare and
pitched street fighting during the hottest months of a New
York summer. The Garou can ignore the chaos and let their
foes battle it out without concern for who dies, or they can
take the high ground and attempt to break up the battle. If
they share information about the Seventh Generation, they
can focus the Order' s attention on the real threat, ending the
war and earning favors from the Rose and the Kindred.

Order of the Rose Internal Memo:

"Our friends in the Catholic Church have made a
breakthrough on the faceless cult described as the "Sev-
enth Generation." The Church's exorcists suspect this
"Seventh Generation" is really a front for undead vam-
pires, spawn of Satan, who fancy themselves to be the
actual descendants of Cain. These "Cainites," as they
blasphemously call themselves, are immortals of ancient
lineage who rank themselves according to distance from
their supposed ancestor. Those who are older are accorded
more status. Thus, the "seventh generation" of Cain's
progeny are old indeed, and very powerful.

"This is the discovery for which we have prayed. We
must launch an all-out assault upon these Cainites that
infest New York."

Seventh Generation vs. Seventh
Generation

Defending the Enemy

Once the Garou know of Draggerunter and learn of his
troubles with younger rivals, they can work to manipulate
Seventh Generation policy. The Black Fury Kula Wiseblood
proposes an intriguing plan, and enlists the pack to carry it
out.

She realizes that Draggerunter is a hindrance to his
group by making its cause look bad publicly. She sees his
fall as inevitable. However, the longer he stays in power,
the more damage he' II do to the Seventh Generation. She
wants the pack to fight Draggerunter's rivals and prop up
the Garou's hated enemy. Any time the doctor comes under
attack, Wiseblood says, the Garou should secretly aid him:

"As we well know, when an animal in the wild that is too
sick to fend for himself is kept alive by unnatural means, he
drags down his people. When he is reintroduced to real
predators, he is easily destroyed.

"If we keep Draggerunter in power past the point where
he can sustain himself, and then abruptly take away our
invisible support when he has ebbed to his weakest point,
his destruction will immediately follow. If we plan this well,

we can get him to self-destruct on nationwide television,
thus discrediting his position and his entire movement!"

This sets up a chance for some high drama if the players
question the wisdom of this course of action, or dispute it
outright.

If the players accept the challenge, they will have to
protect Draggerunter from fomori attacks. If they reject the
challenge, the Black Furies will send their own to defend
him. So if the players find they have to attack Draggerunter,
orare attacked by the doctor's forces, they will also have to
face the Black Furies.

The Warriors vs. the Snatchers

Maudlin of the RCMP is engaged in an ongoing battle
with the Snatchers Caste serial killer Lord Akbright.
Akbright is organizing a small cabal of Snatchers in the
New York area, while Maudlin is determined to stop him at
all costs and eradicate the Snatchers who want to unite.

If the Garou discover this, they can attack the weakened
winner or help the Snatchers organize and thereby weaken
the Seventh Generation.

The Defector

An aging Government Caste member is dying, and feels
a gaping hole in his soul. He fears dying corrupt and full of
Wyrm toxins. He seeks healing, absolution and forgive-
ness. Is he sincere? Or is it a trap? And if he i:
should he receive any assistance at all, or should he be left

Chapter Four


to rot in his own corruption? Can he be used to betray his
former comrades, or will he betray the Garou?

Taking the Fight to the Seventh

Generation
The Wyrm in the Child

In order to invade the Seventh Generation lair, the Garou
must find an adult or child who has been abused by the
Seventh Generation (and has not exorcised it) and step
sideways into that person' s reality and mind: his individual
spirit world, a Chimare. Loba Carcassone learns this, and
tells the pack of it.

"These abused children constitute a network of influ-
ence for the Defiler Wyrm. Its tentacles grip these children
and adults. It can manifest itself through any of them, which
makes it the most dangerous of foes. But its greatest
strength is also its weakness. For if any spirit warrior can
stomach the journey, he can reach the realm of the Defiler
Wyrm through them."

The Candidate

The Garou learn that aggressive Wyrm agents are put-
ting a completely corrupt politician into high office, where
he will have tremendous influence. Will this give the
Seventh Generation powerful control over their enemies?
Or is this a plot to flush the Garou into a trap?

(Draggerunter in the TD Studio

Draggerunter's arsenal of vicious weapons includes the
powerful, insidious force of television. He has learned to
manipulate this powerful medium and thereby communi-
cate with all people crippled by the Defiler Wyrm. He
browbeats the abused into keeping their secrets under
wraps, and reassures abusers that their secrets are safe. This
reinforces the horrific cycle of submission and domination
so crucial to the Defiler Wyrm's circle of conquest.
Draggerunter has contacts in TV networks and indepen-
dent TV and radio stations. He bills himself as an authority
capable of debunking both information about occult activ-
ity and the resurfacing memories of abused children. To
any objective observer, the link between the two is inescap-
able. But Draggerunter prevents program producers from
noticing the connection by applying a vise-like grip on their
minds. Otherwise, they would begin to question why any-
one so passionately convinced that all memories of child
sex abuse are false is also so strongly determined to squelch
all reports of occult sacrifices. And if they questioned this
link they might investigate him. And if they investigated
him...

Whenever a TV show schedules a show in which a
lefender of victims takes the risk of coming
H a painful tale of horror, the producers contact
to present "the other side of the issue."

In the studio, Draggerunter heaps scorn on the victim,
and tries to play on the lurking fears buried deep within by
her tormentors. He tries to trigger these fears by repeating
the domination the victim's abuser once asserted over her.
If the victim is still deeply wounded and spiritually scarred,
Draggerunter can easily make her flustered, thus destroy-
ing her credibility with the viewing audience. If she has
healed herself, however, she is immune to his manipula-
tion.

That's when he pulls out his powerful weapons. He
bombards the victim with a vicious magical assault which
causes her to present her case very badly, mix up facts, or
break down completely. If he utterly overwhelms the
victim's defenses, he can make her say anything he wants,
including repudiating everything she said at the beginning
of the show. "You're right. I think Idid imagine it all. Imust
have, because I got it all wrong."

This attack requires Draggerunter to use a Wyrm spell
that lets his spirit slip out of his body while his body
continues talking. This split renders him vulnerable in both
the Umbra and the physical world. And that's where the
adventure begins. The pack can take the fight right to
Draggerunter's turf: the TV studio.

Launching the Adventure

There are two ways to begin this storyline:

If the players are very self-motivated (and cocky) they
may decide to attack Draggerunter on TV after seeing his
tactics. To start this adventure, arrange for the pack to see
Draggerunter on a TV talk show as he psychically destroys
a few victims. If the pack uses homid connections, they can
get into the studio audience on Draggerunter's next TV
appearance. If they have strong connections, or arrange to
create some, they can get scheduled opposite him on a
panel. Barring that, they could simply enter the studio and
attack. Such an open assault is not as strong, since they
can't fight a verbal war as well. If they are in the studio
audience they can join in the verbal war.

If all else fails, you can have Draggerunter issue a direct
challenge to the pack to meet him on TV: "J challenge you
toa battle to the finish! In the television studio —let us take
our case before the world!"

If the characters decide to go, the Children of Gaia give
them a fetish of Umbral Sight.

If the pack does not accept, Loba Carcassone will appear
in the characters' place. She will be psychically destroyed
in the ensuing brawl.

The Two-Tier Fight

The battle takes place on two levels —a very "tangible,"
violent battle in the Umbra, and a very intangible, verbal
battle on the physical realm.

When the battle begins, Draggerunter releases his spirit
self to enter spirit combat with the Garou to whom he talks.
He has the ability to remain in the physical world and fight
in the Umbra at the same time. Every time Draggerunter

Rage Across New York

lashes out and scores a hit in the Umbra, he makes a great
point in the verbal war, and wins the audience's sympathy.
Whenever the pack scores a hit in the Umbra, Draggerunter
falters, and makes a weak argument that loses the audience.

In the Umbra, Draggerunter wears robes and his cane
becomes a huge shepherd' s crook. In the physical world, he
continues to speak normally. He excels at discounting
evidence and terrorizing victims into silence.

If the Garou step sideways and enter the Umbra to
defend the person being assaulted, they do not need to pass
through the Gauntlet. Draggerunter has partly opened the
way with his spiritual assault. The Garou see the studio turn
into a hyper-real, hyper-exciting version of itself, with
crisp electricity elementals zipping around the cables and
Tich colors flashing everywhere. Because the TV show is
live, the Garou can sense the audience's reaction right
through the (usually) one-way TV camera. They know
when the audience is siding with them, and when it is not.

The Garou will have to decide which pack members stay
in the physical world and which go into the Umbra.

During the battle, when Draggerunter makes an attack in
the Umbra, his physical being rakes the air with his fist, as
if to emphasize a point.

Public Tactics

Draggerunter wants to debunk the existence of ritual cult
abuse. He uses the following arguments:

"These claims, claims of ritual cults involved in ritually
abusing children, are utter hogwash!"

"Any reports of important, powerful, responsible mem-
bers of the community being involved are balderdash!"

When the audience starts to side with the victims:

"The best decision for any reasonable, logical, rational,
sensible person to make is to see these claims as perfidious,
perverted fantasies of twisted, diseased, sensationalistic
imaginations!"

When victims report recovering their memories of child-
hood abuse:

"To recover memories somehow repressed? To have
flashbacks to times and incidents never before remem-
bered? I say never! Indubitably, unquestionably it is a
fallacious recollection, and such incidents never occurred!"

When asked how he can be so sure:

"The current furor over this ritual cult activity is balder-
dash for one very simple reason: No corroborating evidence
of any sort has ever been found. No legitimate authorities
will back up any of these claims. If these claims had any
ring of credence to them, the police would know, the
government would know, and we in the medical profession

would know. And, of course, we would tell the public. And
then we wouldn't have to listen to these whiners and
crybabies complaining about their sick imaginations!"

When asked where these memories come from:

"They come from contaminated therapy! Power of sug-
gestion! Those fallacious recollections are implanted by
so-called compassionate people in the so-called helping
professions!

But aren't you in the "helping profession"?

"My help is different from their help! I tolerate no such
foolishness, and make them take back any such lies and
slander!"

Don't you have any sympathy for them?

"Not one drop while they are victims of their own twisted
fantasies! The first step in their cure is to come back to
reality where such things never happen! Then and only
then is sympathy an option. Elsewise one only encourages
such dangerous imaginings."

But what if they are right?

"What? Right? They can't be right! They can't be! If
they are right... then logic doesn't matter! Because it's not
reasonable! These people may not want to behave reason-
ably, but they won't contaminate the rest of us with their
refusal to be reasonable! And they'd better get back in
line!"

Draggerunter is sensitive to claims that he is so bent on
debunking memories that he refuses to look at evidence. He
sputters and rages when confronted with the simple ques-
tion: "Good scientists are not afraid of looking at new
evidence. Why won't you look at the new studies? What are
you afraid of?"

"These snarling whelps want to scare every parent in the
country with terror tactics. There is not one shred of proof
to any of their fevered delusions, never has been, and never
will be!"

When he starts to lose, Draggerunter grows pale and
begins to stammer.

"Well, I just don't...know about that. I'm not so sure..."

"T...you can't prove it..."

"No one has ever seen it, therefore...it couldn't have
happened."

If he starts losing badly in the Umbra, he will return to
his body quickly, breaking off the fight. Audience sympa-
thy sways to the Garou. He quickly slinks away from the
studio.

If he wins in the Umbra, he wins over more of the TV
audience, and leaves gloating.

Chapter Four


Te the feapirée 4 fup
of the Jonette ene valk

ater J Mody:

for the Fusttime (wd hes poe 6 andase the amtert

rhanne ly atte (labret to sed Aiie. ferns fle ty siteation

J thank you-for the audieace (shall act he hwvef. Astall he ditect.
WA ane: oe We ane pestle he ae the Me steg?

2 ane th t lag, t« fo kell : :
Wie fami Pes Sou [iranches, me i si he ns ater

Aefetyr sie £ ay, mise J
Sisgy Soe the tie en i ain ile

Lin [une theese le, And ah ee ate .
, sul their.
"eee Ch see feea  Aelce
ett Lvs U1 LiN, t
whe 5 shall Se. 354i Hee their own ee
Ret wth cl. G ever sweetest ta us,
he Mecong with which we mfect oun A
apalt aud lay wacle tothe tyre.
ee pe 4 ntgr ral trtane

veh
the (aer ode Lh 2s eg ie odd iad

conn A fac Welter pet uplion Ge death 9 hed ben ye
Odie ee longer te the parent when re ic spouse ees
acl nthe mafe, when th pre {tong and the sexes regardeach
otter with BIO fed ard bigs then ve dve- ie oe work.
Under m most fower ful rhs of anity anct
Wet and (he 4 i; niet froma Pela Lobes at
a cad lay pie <.

We "
in ely masttils fa our wark fonds, paprlag onthe living, cot ity
Leroon from one-Qeueralion of menting kates fo atofher


UE Kem Lerieraly ut. Wettecd do liffle bud teapn the.
benefit' of the $edg of depae We s0WEAS4 lala AQ 0.
PA IRNEY EO And vetilty fale sate S he rest. ble need
per fea Drplgpae tothe xorchige Gl A tay.
[(ow. however, Chere ate Le

g f Ve AMT, py, hf haye ustake a
Here (9 renlc/ting these. i

seul lige PAtVEIIUs da thf Hale.
Cit Ale role taviles oan

hs Alaiye responses pp,
Sr th Gi ME Chat (5 far from adé: "ite fe Aap 15,
4le_tele-on out: Pal waukl prorokean afiz

fa LO.
MA Mal Could pruct tes tkberfy, Pa Mat the very

th ra hh Ke
pic Teil

Bete i Ce PM these cist fo we
ata ofeH Wtfate ald Ht I he OT "1 ops eG
dik Like enh Mt YMG Allg Ge
BN while, al dryeted are obras WB y the time te
tet te4liZcs Ue alent fF ihe a

Maye. C isle fate
Ladue ual ile onl<n warftre_,

‘tvite_a dannia
Ava the vetr hag on wh od Gee
Your in Vbedience.,
Qr ac of the Meheal CHE.


Seas

Bate
3h
Fartte
eep the
emorfals 4 b (tae.
ent revelaldon:

fk
ae ocy
certs
oT aoe
fe os a

ere, Man

a Ly, rs
ke oe we rl
oe
"hye ‘Fee th ae e
G a ie en PAs fhe
aide apaee Bet ee
Jerelies een Pip std wer |
w fhe eg sth ae
bis ee aie :

We «6 ee
risk es
zi JID,
any EE of
Boch Ste
(Ce (43 e

calypse™

Black Spiral Dancers enter here.
The aneninng ic Qf in

Mount this page on thin cardboard
Cut along black lines and fold figures together.


"RAGE ACROSS

The Amazon



Distant Thunder

The circle gathered as war drums sent heavy, booming song
to the overcast skies. Elder Galliards of all thirteen tribes
danced furiously around the fire as the Fianna Council of Song
assumed its place for the telling of tales.

Those gathered around the fire this night were pups, fresh
from the Rite of Passage. They sat expectantly as the elders
stood quietly in the shadows, glowing with pride and concern
for the new warriors. This night, the pups would travel the
Moon Bridge and join their brothers and sisters to stand as a
shield against the forces of corruption raping the pure Amazon.
They would cast away childhood and stand among the adult
warriors as equals. It was a night of courage, but also one of
despair, for many would not return.

The Galliards became frantic with the pounding music.
Faces flushed with sweat and tears, they raised arms to the sky
and screamed to the heavens to guide these pups in their
endeavors. The drumming reached a fever pitch, pounding at
the night sky and the surrounding woodlands with an ominous
passion.

Then the drums became softer, their thrumming and inten-
sity lowered, but still driven by fury. The Galliards ceased their
dance, and the Council of Song lifted arms to the moody skies
and prepared to weave their tale. The air became still as all eyes
looked to them. The time had come to remember.

The soft voices of the Council of Song caressed the ears of
the pups, lifting their spirits todance with the ghosts of the past.
Foramoment, the Council members smiled down on the pups,
perhaps remembering what it was like to be young and expe-

rience the rush of life for the first time. But the smiles soon
faded and they became sad. The pups looked up to them,
granting them full attention as the tale began...

Thick, black smoke belched into the hot South American
sky as the bulldozers pushed the corpses of trees into lifeless
piles beside the newly-forged road. It was a good day's kill.
Everything seemed to be going as planned. Panel by panel, the
road was built. The Amazon had so much to offer. What better
company than Pentex to bring it to its fullest potential?

Pentex made its first move into the jungle in the midst of a
sweltering summer. They mercilessly ripped away any part of
the rain forest that dared get in their way. Acres of woodland
fell to the onslaught each day, and the newly barren land was
quickly laid with the foundation of their Amazon Headquar-
ters.

Most of the labor was performed by poor natives of the
region. They worked long, hard hours in the blazing sun for
minimal wages, but since this was more payment than they
were accustomed to, they endured these hardships for their
survival.

Early on, Pentex thought this undertaking would be simple:
move in, set up, begin extracting the area of natural resources,
and pay off the natives to keep them ignorant of the truth. How
wrong they were.

It took only a few days for a pack of Garou to discover what
had happened. They arrived before Pentex could get their


operation into full swing. This Get of Fenris pack was known
as the Black Frost.

They were wanderers, living their lives like the Silent
Striders. Their blood was clearly that of the Get, obvious in
their quick, violent temperament. The Black Frost stumbled
upon the Pentex operation by accident. They had hired
themselves out as mercenaries in some futile human dispute.
Since the problem had been resolved, they were preparing for
their journey homeward. Stumbling across the roadway, they
discovered Pentex's foul plan.

Instead of informing other Garou, they quickly set into
action alone, still stoked with the fires of glory from their
former conflict. They followed the road back to a native
village, now being used as Pentex's base camp. For several
nights they watched it, getting an idea of the Pentex maraud-
ers' routine. Pentex, however, was well prepared for spies,
concealing the true extent of their operation from the curious.
The Black Frost was satisfied with the little information they
had gathered and rushed headlong into battle. They rushed to
their deaths.

As the heat of the day subsided, night came. The pack
assaulted the village. Alarms immediately rang out, alerting
the guards to the Garou's presence. The night was rent by the
cracking of automatic gunfire as the entire compound erupted

>
:
ts

=d

a,

<< Ke

BRicesS

in activity. The Black Frost had not expected so much resis-
tance so quickly. They had failed to discover their enemies'
hidden strength: the fomori First Teams. Rushing forth from
hidden, underground warrens, the well-armed fomori leaped
forth to engage the pack.

The Black Frost, realizing their mistake and understanding
there was no turning back, jumped headlong into fray. Swords,
spears and claws flashed as they soiled the earth with enemy
blood. Despite their courage, it was only a matter of moments
before silver bullets ripped through their flesh. Warriors were
left dying on the blood-soaked soil.

Pentex soldiers encircled the fallen Garou as moonlight
teflected from smoking gun barrels. The victors looked down
upon their fallen prey and smirked, wallowing in arrogance.
They lowered their weapons, taking aim on the dying Garou.
All were still but one, the pack leader known as Grendel
Walks-with-Death.

Soldiers aimed weapons at Grendel as he opened his eyes.
He began to laugh, softly at first, but with more intensity as he
managed to summon what little strength remained in him.

"You have given me eternal life, you bastards! Gaia will
reward my pack for our sacrifice." He spat the words at them,
glowering with contempt. The soldiers looked startled for a
moment, even shaken. They traded glances with one another,

4 Rage Across the Amazon


unsure of the meaning of Grendel's words. "Others will come,
you pitiful fools," Grendel growled. "Others will come."

With this, the soldiers' confusion vanished and gave way to
anger. They unleashed their weapons upon Grendel, filling his
already wounded body with hundreds of silver bullets. Grendel
Walks-with-Death, his flesh torn and his body destroyed,
released his last breath into the calm Amazon night and died
with a smile spreading across his face.

A soft rain fell on the dead Garou as they lay at the feet of
the soldiers. Thunder echoed throughout the forests. Gaia
wept for the fallen heroes. The blood of the fallen washed in
crimson streams to the Amazon river.

The First had fallen in the Garou's most noble endeavor,
and many more would fall until the Garou tasted victory or

died.

Asthe Council of Song fell silent, an eerie green glow spilled
onto the gathering. The Moon Bridge opened. It was time for
the pups to step through and experience the glory of battle.
War drums echoed faintly from the far side of the Bridge.
Though far away, they shared the same intensity as the drums
around the cubs. From both sides of the portal, the pounding
becameasone. The elders lifted their voices to the sky tohonor
those who would taste war for the first time.

The pups rose from the circle, determination clearly visible
in their expressions. As they checked their possessions, they
glanced at one another, slowly smiling. They turned and
walked toward the Moon Bridge, never looking back.

As the pups stepped through, the Moon Bridge closed
behind them and the drums became silent. The elder Garou
wordlessly slipped from the clearing into the myriad shadows
of the night. Except for the smoke rising from the dying fire,
there was no sign they had ever come.

Credits

Authors: J. Morrison, William Spencer-Hale and Bill
Bridges

Additional Material by: Sam Chupp, David Key, George
Neal

Developed by: Bill Bridges

Edited by: Brian Campbell

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Art: John Bridges, Jeff Rebner, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Dan Smith, Kathleen Ryan

Maps: Brian J. Blume, Eric Hotz

Layout and Typesetting: Sam Chupp

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

Production Assistance: Kathleen Ryan

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction
without written permission of the publisher is expressly denied,
except for the purpose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Rage Across the Amazon, Werewolf Players Guide, Under a
Blood Red Moon, Book of the Wyrm, Vampire: The Masquer-
ade, Garou, Bastet, Mokolé, Ananasi, Kailindo, Pentex, the
Wyrm, the Weaver, the Wyld, Incarna, Gaffling, Jaggling, all
Vampire Clan names and all Werewolf Tribe names are
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products
in these pages is nota challenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned.

Maps: Some graphic elements © 1993 by Brian J. Blume.

Wor? from White Wolf

Enjoying your summer? Fun at the beach, lazy evenings
in the lawn chair, no school? If so, you're wiser than Brian
Campbell, Kathleen Ryan and Keith Winkler. These fools
have all decided to be Summer Interns here at White Wolf.
They could have gone to the beach, they could have laid
back in a lawn chair and enjoyed their break from school
— but, noooo, they had to come here for grueling publica-
tion schedule punishment. What kind of guilt must seethe
within them to make them willingly suffer so? Will they
learn their lesson next summerand get in ona time-sharing
beach condo instead? Probably not...

Allkiddingaside, these guys have been doinga great job.
It's already hard to remember how we got by before they
came. Thanks Brian, Kathy and Keith!

Spedal Thanks to:

Benjamin "Lips" Monk, Jr. for his talking navel.

Sam "Public Domain" Chupp for giving everyone the
Wyrm.

Travis "Mac Daddy Drac" Williams for his tally sheet on
Coppola's "Dracula."

William "Willy Pale" Hale for his blinding whiteness at
White Water and his blistering redness later.

Lyndi "Swamp Thing" Hathaway for turning green at
White Water.

Josh "Blood of the Leopard" Timbrook for taking us to the
authentic kung-fu movies.

Mark "Twenty dollars" Rein® Hagen for spending it on
Bourbon.

Wes "Texas Grolsch" Harris for that intoxicating salad
dressing at Origins '93.

Andrew "Sedentary" Greenberg for lucking out and missing
Origins

Stewart "Dead Letter Office" Wieck for the amount of mail
he let slide when working on Mage.

Stephen "The Suit" Wieck for frightening Generation X at
Origins '93.

Ken "Captain Canuck" Cliffe for his Canada Day festivities.

Michelle "Stacked" Prahler for when dreams come true.

Rob "Flubber" Hatch for his gelatinous, noisy birthday
present.

Rene "Much Ado" Lilly forobsessing on Kenneth Brannagh's
film.

Chris "Raven" McDonough for wanting to ring with au-
thenticity like his hero.

Richard "Cherry Tomato" Thomas for what everyone didn't
eat at his party.

Jim "Half-Ogre" Townsend fora different colored Blood Pit
shirt every day of the week.

Matt "Incognito" Wagner because we forgot to give him
credit for the incredible Werewolf Players Guide cover —but
hey, who wouldn't recognize his art anyway?

6 Rage Across the Amazon

Contents

Legends of the Garou: "Distant Thunder'

A tale of the first to fall in the war.

Introduction: Welcome to Hell
Chapter One: History

The supernatural history of the Amazon Basin and the war
against Pentex.

Chapter Cwo: Geography

Details the region and its particular hot spots.

Chapter Three: People

Who's who in the war: the Garou, Bastet, Mokolé and
Pentex Incorporated.

Chapter Four: Encounters

A full-length story: "In Dreams and Nightmares," plus
many story ideas for Amazon War adventures.

Appendix One: Weapons and Equipment

The weapons of the war, from fetishes to LAW rockets.

Appendix. Gwo: Totems and Tactical Storytelling
The strange totem spirits of the Amazon and optional rules
for running group encounters in the war.

Introduction

13

M3


‘&- om:


Let This Be Our Last
Battlefield

She can't sleep now

The moon is red

She fights a fever

She burns in bed

— Paul Simon, "She Moves On"

The Amazon isa land of mystery and beauty, filled with the
wonders of Gaia in all Her myriad forms. This is a realm almost
alien to the world which surrounds it, a world that has
remained outside the thoughtless grasp of humanity and its
ever expanding greed.

Now that has changed.

The Amazon has become the front line in the battle to save
Gaia. The Wyrm and its twisted minions have begun their
advance into the jungles. Nothing remains safe from their
grasp. They plunder and rape the land with no intention of
giving back what they take. The despoiling of the Amazon has
become a symbol of the Apocalypse and the darkness that
awaits to engulf the planet.

Gaia lays wounded, Her chest ripped open, Her heart
exposed for the Wyrm to consume. The great Earth Mother,
Her breath shallow and weak, looks to the horizon whispering
prayers of salvation from dry, cracked lips.

There is still hope.

Gaia's valiant warriors, the Garou, have taken on the
oppressors. The Thirteen Tribes now stand as a shield against
the onslaught of Gaia's haven. The Amazon river runs red with
the blood of those who sacrifice all for future generations. The
lines are drawn and a great war wages in the quiet, untouched
beauty of the Amazon. This war could decide the fate of the
Garou and their Kinfolk. Indeed, this war could decide the fate
of all.

Theme: Hell Js Here

The essence of war is violence. Moderation in war is imbecility.
— John A. Fisher

This book takes the defenders of Gaia into the heart of the
Apocalypse. It thrusts them into the front lines of the war to
save the planet from those who would destroy it. It isa dark and
hopeless journey into the depths of all that is evil. A noble
cause inspires the Garou, showing them the true meaning of
being a warrior: fighting for what is just and willingly giving all
for victory.

The theme of this book is war: rival forces bent on conquest
and destruction. The Wyrm and its ally, Pentex, have made
the first move by establishing bases in the Amazon. They strike
out at Gaia with all their hatred and might, orchestrating the
destruction of the rain forests. Mercy is alien to them and they
spare nothing in their path. Only the Garou stand in their way.

The Garou forces are pitifully weak compared to the might
of Pentex and its armies, yet they do not falter, nor do they

Introduction 9


retreat. This is a war which must be won at any cost, for if it is
not, then there will be nothing left to fight for. Gaia will die.

Moor The Blood of My
Brothers

The war in the Amazon is a bloody one. Entire packs rush
into the blood-stained forests seeking revenge against the
Wyrm. They are often never seen again. A feeling of despair
creeps into the souls of those who fight in this haven of Gaia.
The Amazon is a land of mourning, not only for those who
have fallen in battle to the Wyrm, but also for those pups who
are yet tocome, those who have yet tosee the full horror of war.
It is a mourning for those who will die here.

As inall great wars, confusion is the order of the day. Chaos
reigns supreme in the Amazon as on all battlefields. It is the
anxiety of never knowing what the next day or the next
moment may bring. Warriors live under the shadow of death
as the sorrowful whispers of the fallen carry over restless
summer winds.

The Gothic-Punk
Amazon

The day is cold, and dark, and dreary;

It rains, and the wind is never weary;

The vine still clings to the moldering wall,

But at every gust the dead leaves fall,

And the day is dark and dreary.

— Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, "The Rainy Day"

To the mortal visitor, the Amazon appears calm and serene.
Sunshine reflects off the dew, moistening the towering trees.
The rivers and streams whisper quietly to the many animals
inhabiting this grand place. Under the boughs, there lurks a
darker truth.

Bane spirits scream in the shadows of newly constructed
factories. Constant raids are launched by the Garou against
Pentex and their forces. The legions of the Wyrm strike nightly
in search and destroy missions, intent on suppressing Garou
resistance. To the casual observer, it is a great expanse of
untouched forest, but to the Garou who fight here, it is a
twisted, macabre haven of despair, growing worse with each
passing day.

The air is filled with the tormented screams of Amazon
spirits as they cry to the winds for aid. The instigators of this
suffering — black-hearted, callous spirits — also lend their
cries to this symphony of misery that filters through the
towering trees, tugging at the hearts of all who listen. The
Gauntlet is weak in this area, torn apart by Pentex's destruc-
tion. A portal has been created through which many great evils
have entered the world. This is only the beginning.

Pentex's plan for the Amazon is simple: continue the
industrial expansion into the forests at any cost. The stage is
set. It is mow Gaia's darkest hour and only the Garou stand in

her defense. It is a war that must be won, lest all be lost. The
time to act is now.

This Book

Rage Across the Amazon is a sourcebook chronicling the
Garou's bloody war in the Amazon. It explores in detail the
most important conflict in Garou society. The tactics, leaders
and objectives of the Garou face opposition from Pentex and
its evil allies.

This book takes into account all factions of the present
conflict and how they interact on the battlefield. Pentex is not
the only force involved. The mysterious werecrocodiles keep
their intentions secret from the Garou. The fierce and cunning
werejaguars side with no one and wage continuous war against
both Garou and Pentex to drive invaders from their forests.

Here you will find all the information necessary to run a
chronicle in the war-torn jungles of the Amazon. Also in-
cluded are many plot ideas designed to help you get started
immediately. This book is as much intended for a pack of pups
fresh from their Rite of Passage as it is fora pack of adult Garou
who are wise to the glories of battle. Gaia opens her arms to all

who would defend her.

Source Material

Much has been written and produced about the Amazon
and its unique landscapes, history, culture and inhabitants.
Your local library should carry many such publications. You
should also have no problem finding inspirational material on
the topic of war. The following is a short list of books and
movies which may prove useful.

Books

¢ The Amazon: Past, Present, and Future, by Alain
Gheerbrant. A very good, lushly illustrated introduction to the
history of the Amazon, from the Conquistadors to the present
day. In the paperback Discoveries™ series, Henry Abrams,
Inc.

© Amazonia: Voices from the Rainforest, a Resource &
Action Guide, edited by Angela Gennino. A very good source
for details of the ongoing development in the Amazon. In-
cludes a reference guide for support groups working to save the
rainforests. Published by Rainforest Action Network.

Movies

© The Emerald Forest, directed by John Boorman. A tale
ofaboy raised by Amazon Indians and his father's search to find
him. When they are reunited, the father discovers that his son
has a more meaningful life than he does. This film is filled with
shamanic magic and great scenery.

¢ Apocalypse Now, directed by Francis Ford Coppola. One
of the best war movies ever made, though it's not really about
war: it's about a man's own inner journey and disillusionment
with...well, just about everything. Set in Vietnam, this is
Coppola's twist on Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness.

10 Rage Across the Amazon

© Medicine Man, directed by John McTiernan. Sean
Connery is a pharmacologist in the Amazon who finds a cure
for cancer only to lose it to humanity's encroaching push into
the jungle.

¢ Platoon, directed by Oliver Stone. War is hell, and this
film proves it. The film examines the personal impact of waron
an everyday American kid (the director's autobiographical
look at himself in Vietnam).

¢ The Mission, directed by Ronald Joffe. A Jesuit priest's
mission in the South American jungle becomes the center of
aconflict between the Church and the Native Indian's way of
life as Robert De Niro's character pursues his own quest for
penance. A lush and beautifully shot film.

¢ At Play in the Fields of the Lord, directed by Hector
Babenco, from the book by Peter Mathiessen. Baptist mission-
aries take over an abandoned Catholic mission and begin
converting the Indians. Everything goes wrong from there. A
very good film, highlighting the problem of one culture trying
to force its views onto another.

¢ Aguirre, Wrath of God, directed by Werner Herzog. In
1560, Conquistador Lope de Aguirre mutinies on an expedi-
tion for El Dorado. He takes over the expedition and leads the
mento their doom, blind with his own lust for power and glory.
Asomewhat surreal film: the eeriness and strange silence of the
unknown jungle is heightened by the lack of a score.

¢ Raiders of the Lost Ark, directed by Steven Spielberg.
The quintessential pulp adventure film. Indiana Jones risks
life, limb and his hat to recover important archeological
artifacts. The introductory sequence is a great source of atmo-
sphere for digging up lost caerns in the jungle.

The Real War

i breathe / my throat clenches / clutching to exclude / a dozen
different stenches in falmouth bay / a blue whale rolls / gonna drown
in swill / from city sewer holes / summers longer / deltas gashed |
ancient trees / uprooted, smashed/ time is generous-more , take more
/i must outrun the dinosaur

— Pete Townshend, "Outlive the Dinosaur"

Although this book is a work of fiction and should be
interpreted as such, some of the issues addressed are quite real.
Awar of sorts is taking place in the Amazon today, a war of epic
proportions. Thousands of acres of forest land are destroyed
yearly by corporations intent on profit alone. It is a dark time
for the thousands of species of plants and animals that live in
the Amazon. Undiscovered plants in the jungle could hold the
cure for many devastating diseases. Millions of these plants are
wiped from existence by massive deforestation before they
have even been discovered. Every day, an estimated 74,000
acres of rain forest are lost to deforestation.

This book is a fantasy of rage and frustration brought to the
boiling point. The villains in this book are greed, hatred, and
short-sightedness. Pentex, in the guise of an international
corporation, is raping the land for no other reason than to hurt
Gaia.

The real situation ismuch more complicated than this book
portrays. Brazil is a country trying to escape its "third world"
status. Much of the deforestation is done for economic reasons.
In its desperate attempts to rise from poverty, Brazil and other
South American nations have initiated many programs that
seem to aid the nation economically, but only help to destroy
the rain forests.

Cattle farming is one activity responsible for the destruction
of the forest. Trees are cleared to make room for cattle grazing.
When the soil does not sustain the cattle's feed, the farmers
must push deeper into the forests, leaving useless fields behind
them.

Gold mining is one of the most toxic activities in the region.
Miners use massive amounts of poisonous mercury to refine the
small amounts of gold they dig up. This mercury is released
back into the environment, polluting rivers far downstream
from the mining. Fish populations are infected or destroyed,
which in turn contaminates the natives who rely on the fish for
their survival. The miners are also contaminated by their own
methods. Its an interconnecting web of cause and effect.

Another volatile situation in the rain forests concerns
landless workers fighting for land reform. Some are assassi-
nated by landowners intent on stifling the voices of discontent.
Local activists go "missing" every year. Near the Carajés Mine,
generously funded by foreign investorsand international banks,
shanty towns hide assassins offering to set prices for the killing
of activists, priests, and anyone else who gets in the way of the
landowners. In one incident lumbermen, angered by their
eviction from Indian lands, hunted down and killed fourteen
Native American men, women and children.

In comparison to such real life atrocities, Pentex can seem
rather tame. In the World of Darkness, of course, Pentex is
deeply involved in such terror tactics. Any excuse to deliver
misery to the world is considered a good risk for this corpora-
tion. Itsprofits, measured not in dollars but in Wyrm corruption,
depend on such bold actions in third world countries.

What You Can Do

You do not have to sit passively and allow the rain forest to
disappear. Ecology is not regional; the interlocking net of
nature extends past national boundaries. This is not politics,
butsurvival. Learn what is really going on in the Amazon. Your
voice is a powerful weapon in the struggle to save this beautiful
land. Make it heard.

There are many organizations that dedicate countless hours
to save the Amazon and other endangered lands and species
from the onslaught of misguided "progress." Please contact
your local chapter of the Rainforest Action Network, the
Nature Conservancy, the World Wildlife Foundation,
Greenpeace or any other organization dedicated to the preser-
vation of the Earth. Any effort can make a big difference. The
battle lines have been drawn. Now it is your time to rage.

Introduction 11



The Time of Long Ago

What is the little one thinking about?
Very wonderful things, no doubt;
Unwritten history!
Unfathomed mystery!
— Josiah Gilbert Holland, "Cradle Song"

The Earth ages. Mountains rise and fall, the sea ebbs and
flows, and life is created and destroyed. The Amazon remains.
How long ago this river formed is unknown, but it has lasted.

Those with the memories to know say there has always been
an Amazon and always will be. The Mokolé dream of the past.
They speak of the river as the heart of this pure land, the blood
stream of the earth. The werecrocodiles dream... and
dream. ..and dream... and the river begins to slow, to lose its
flow as the Wyrm sucks the water greedily from the world. The
werecrocodiles sleep as modern times catch up to the river.
Modern times are not kind to this ancient wonder.

Early Migrations

When the Pure Ones came across the Bering Strait land
bridge, they quickly spread out over the continent. The Garou
watched over themas they went. The Wendigo kept mainly to
the northern regions and the plains, the Croatan moved
towards the eastern coast and southern swamps and the
Uktena moved along the western coast and deserts.

When the other tribes settled, content in their new lands,
only the Uktena kept moving, spurred by their curiosity. Over

Chapter One: History

long years, the Uktena eventually reached the Amazon. None
of them stayed for long. While the jungles were awe-inspiring
and impressive, they were simply not what these wolves
wanted. Many returned the way they came, back to Central
America. They left behind them seeds: the Kinfolk of the Pure
Ones. The Kinfolk loved this new land and would not leave.

The Yative Pure Ones

The Uktena also found a mystery waiting for them in the
jungles: the existence of Pure Ones they had neverseen before.
They believed that all the Pure Ones had crossed over with
them. The Garou thought they were the first to arrive. Here,
in the rain forests and rivers, were humans living in harmony
and joy with nature. The Uktena thanked Gaia for another
sign of Her wisdom and thought no more about the subject.

Laterthey learned of the Balam and Mokolé, the werejaguars
and crocodiles, long residents of the jungles. The natives had
come with them much earlier to the land as the shapeshifters
fled the persecution of the War of Rage. Their legends tell of
great treks across the sea and spirit world, similar to the Garou's
own legends of their trek to the Pure Land. Gaia had led them
to safety from Her own children. She had led these same
children away from the Wyrm's danger.

New Cubs

Many years after the Uktena had left the Amazon, Indian
Kinfolk gave birth to three Garou. The Garou who had led

them to this land were now legends in their tales, beings long

13

gone. These children had easy lives until their Change. When
they took the form of wolves, they did not know what had
become of them. No one in their tribe had ever seen a wolf
before. The shamans were perplexed. Obviously, these chil-
dren were the chosen shapechangers of a strange, new spirit,
but no one could say whether this spirit was good or bad.

They decided to summon the Jaguar for advice, and his
children came. When the Balam came to their Kinfolk's
village and discovered Garou, they were enraged. One noticed
that the three Garou seemed ignorant of their nature. A
werecat, no matter how angry, is still a werecat, and curiosity
soon won over. The Balam pledged to teach the children the
ways of their heritage as an experiment. They wished to
discover for themselves whether Garou were selfish, stingy and
arrogant by nature or simply by nurture.

The Amazonian Uktena

The Balam, after years of dealing with the young Garou,
finally decided that, while one of them showed the typical
loathsome Garou traits, the other two showed admirable
values. The bad one was called Cacu. The goods ones were Inki
and Huatopé. After a heated taghairm, or werecat moot, they
decided that it was time these young Garou met their own
kind.

Hoards-Thunder was chosen from among those at the
taghairm to march them from the jungles to their own kind in
Mayan lands. It was a long journey, filled with many adven-
tures and legends before they reached their destination. The
Mayan Uktena marveled at these new Garou, so pure and
strange. They seemed to possess the wisdom of cats. The lost
Garou were invited to stay and learn their ways. Hoards-
Thunder smiled from his hiding place in the trees and slipped
away for his journey home.

The Amazonians stayed for a while among their kind, but
became homesick for the rain forest. Eventually, they had to
return. On their trek home, they were joined by some of the
Mayan Uktena who also longed for the great forest. Thus was
created the Amazonian Uktena tribe.

Over the years, the tribe grew weak from its restricted blood.
There were no wolves to breed with and bolster their blood-
line. The Amazon was a pure place, a land of Gaia, and these
werewolves still discovered ways to live as one with the land.
They thrived, even as one heritage, and never lost the ability
to walk with two skins.

The Age of Discovery

Discovery is always a rape of the natural world. Always.
— Ian Malcolm, Jurassic Park

The Amazon was not always as it is today. The rain forests
of the Amazon Basin were once untouched by human civiliza-
tion. As foreign discoverers came in search of new lands, the
unexplored vastness of the interior of the South American
continent became a place for the survival of dreams. The
jungle was a place where living wonders were waiting to be

discovered for the edification of European citizens and the
study of science.

Che Conquistadors

The first to exploit this land for European interests were the
Spanish Conquistadors. Francisco Pizarro overthrew the Inca
Empire for Spain in 1532. Soon, the natives of the region were
being exploited as slave labor, building cities for the Spanish.

Later, Gonzalo Pizarro led the first Conquistador expedi-
tion over the Andes and into the rain forest in search of
cinnamon. The expedition was a failure. He was forced to turn
back, but not before killing many of his native guides out of
pure frustration and anger. Not longafter, Franciscode Orellana
set out, accompanied by Gaspar de Carvajal who documented
their long journey. They were the first Europeans to encounter
many of the Indians. Carvajal's account stirred the imagina-
tions of others. Soon explorers were rushing off to the Amazon,
desperate to uncover its many legends and wonders.

Che Explorers

In the following decades, explorers entered the jungles with
dreams of what they would find. Was this, indeed, the fabled
land of Homer's Amazons? Was this actually the home of the
Ewaipanoma, a race of people with heads in their chests? Was
thisthe land where the greatest ofall dreams lived — the gilded
king, El Dorado, and his city of gold?

In desperation for the riches of El Dorado, explorers such as
Sir Walter Raleigh delved deep into the rain forest, following
hints, rumors and legend. Raleigh never found his riches. That
neverstopped the flood of others. The Amazon wasaplace that
stirred the soul and made the bold and the mad believe they
could become kings. Lope de Aguirre, a Conquistador subor-
dinate officer, took over the expedition he was in and declared
himself King of Amazonia. He was defeated by Venezuelan
troops and executed. This still did not dampen the courage of
others. What did this new land hold for these bold and curious
Europeans? The rain forests held nothing less than the hope
of dreams come true.

These explorers killed the spirit of the land as they discov-
ered it. As each map was made, as each scientist stated new
discoveries, as each line was written in a book, the wonders of
the land were banished to non-existence. What magic could
live before the onslaught of science? What could stand before
rationality and logic?

The Tedinomancers

Simple discovery was not the source of the slow death of the
land. The true foes were the Technomancer mages, powerful
magicians who sought to make the world conform to their will,
to their single, mechanistic vision of existence. The Amazon
was perfect for them. Here was a chance to prove the inherent
"truth" of their new scientific theories to the world at large.

Their theories, however, were not based on truth, but on
denial. They sought to prove their ownstance through denying

14 Rage Across the Amazon

the very existence of those opposed to their vision. Any being
or creature of supernatural origin had no place in their clock-
work world and thus had to be purged from it. So began the
campaign of discovery in the Amazon.

Expeditions were sent out, funded by universities and
foundations in the control of the Technomancers. Their goal
was to banish the wild legends of this far-off land and shine the
"true" light of science and reason for all the world to see.

Only one being was strong enough to challenge the "Age of
Discovery": El Dorado, a native Dreamspeaker mage.

The Gilded King: El Dorado

El Dorado was a king in his own lands, ruling the native
people witha just hand. He had been most promising disciple
of the shamans and had grown beyond even their powers. His
travels to other worlds had given him powerful magic and a
wise understanding of the ways of this world. He recognized the
explorers for what they were. He saw the Technomancer
masters pulling their strings, even though the explorers were
ignorant of any wrong-doing. Were they not merely represen-
tatives of their respective crowns and universities? El Dorado
had seen their like before in the guise of the Incan Empire.

Greedy and domineering, they wanted to hold all the world in
their hands.

A secret magical war began. El Dorado marshaled the
ancient forces of the land. He resisted the Technomancer's
efforts to wipe them from the earth. From his city of gold, he
directed his allies to push back the explorers. The Mokolé
joined the fight, rousing from their nests. The Balam leapt into
the fray, bringing a fury that instilled terror in the hearts of the
fiercest mages. As always, the Garou were also there.

The Black Fury Amazons

Greatest of all allies in the war were the Amazons, Black
Fury Garou whose legend lived strong in the world. The
explorers had even named the great river after them. From the
distant lands of Scythia they had come, fleeing the persecution
of men. They took their stand in the jungles of the Amazon
Basin, swearing never to let men of any race move them again.

They saw the threat of the explorers and joined El Dorado
to fight them. Although El Dorado was a man, he was unlike
the European men the Black Furies raged about. He lived close
to Gaia, even witnessing the dreams of the Earth Mother, and
walked in balance on the earth. Finally, here wasa worthy man
they could support.

hy iy

pM i?

Chapter One: History


The Lost City of Gold

Oh city of my dreams

Of speed and skill and schemes

Like Atlantis, you just disappeared from view

— Pogues, "White City"

Perhaps it was inevitable, considering the power the
Technomancers had over reality itself, but no one could have
predicted the outcome. In a masterpiece of magic, the
Technomancers finally destroyed the city of gold by mapping
it out of existence.

Vast amounts of power were required. One of the
Technomancers was devoured by the Paradox of the reality
shift, but the city was shunted into its own realm, cut off from
the Earth. El Dorado's own magick fell flat, severed from their
valuable connection to Gaia. Their meaning was bereft with-
out Gaia's aid.

The city disappeared from the Earth and reappeared in the
Umbra, complete with its forest, mountain and lake. All paths
toearthand even the Umbrascape were shut off. El Dorado was
a land alone now, a realm unto itself, with no way out and no
way in.

The Technomancer's own magic was too powerful even for
them. They could not get into the new realm to finish the job
of destruction, nor could they even peer into it. It was as if it did
not exist within reality at all. Soon the Technomancers
announced victory and moved their efforts into other arenas.
El Dorado was forgotten in the conscious minds of men. In
their dreams, he lived on.

El Dorado had one last, invisible connection to earth:
dreams of the lost city of gold. As the years passed, the dreams
became legends. Legends fueled the greed of humans. In the
early 20th century, archeologist Joseph Herlich began an
expedition to find the lost city, spurred by his dreams of gold.
The dreams were not truly his, but were the subtle suggestions
of El Dorado himself, speaking to the man through sleep. The
Technomancers took no notice. They were busy with other
affairs. Thus, the path back to Earth was remade.

When Joseph Herlich finally discovered the valley of El
Dorado, he did not realize it was on a path he had forged
himself. El Dorado's magic led Herlich to the rediscovery of the
valley, breaking the spell sealing the city from the world. A
single, arduous path now existed. It remained hidden in the
depths of the Amazon jungle.

El Dorado was a gracious host to Herlich, but Herlich was
never to leave the city again. The Technomancers could not
be allowed to know their enemy had returned. The city is still
unknown to many residents of the jungle. El Dorado's citizens
know the danger of showing themselves.

With the war between Pentex and the Garou now being
fought, El Dorado is unsure of what course to take. If any were
to hear of his city, it would again be in danger. He must protect
the city at all cost.

Modern ‘Cimes

You better swim fast

Or you'll sink like a stone

For the times they are a changin'
— Bob Dylan

roubles in Brazil

Inthe 19th century, the country of Brazil enjoyed a political
stability uncommon to the South America continent. In the
20th century, all that was to change. Racked by political and
economic strife, Brazil changed governments on an almost
regular basis. People can only be oppressed for so long. When
a government refuses to allow people rights endowed to all
humanity, a cycle of change is often initiated. More often than
not, it is done through violence, the only voice that some can
hear.

In 1985, the military government of Brazil was overthrown
by the people and replaced by a civilian government. This new
government decided the time had come to join the rest of the
world on an equal social and economic level. Approval was
given toallow foreign corporations into the country, especially
those of American origin. Little did the people know what a
terrible problem this would create.

Pentex

Smokestacks, belching black, we're the have-nots

in your shade.

How about a slice of life, how about some human trade?

Eat at the best restaurants in town.

No headwaiter going to turn us down

'cos we're all kinds of animals coming here:

occasional demons too.

— Jethro Tull, "Occasional Demons"

In 1986, the Pentex Corporation quietly moved into the
Amazon area to set up its operation and begin destroying the
Amazon Basin and the surrounding jungles. Pentex, in the
guise of the Developers Forestry Group, sent its first emissaries
of industry into the Amazon area. They were legal specialists
who negotiated the proper contracts. In the shadows, First
Teams scouted the countryside for the best possible construc-
tion sites.

Once the legalities were completed, the Brazilian govern-
ment was manipulated into believing the company would help
boost the economy of this poor country. The mega-corpora-
tion set its sinister plan into motion.

A native village, hidden in the jungle, was quietly taken
over to form the temporary headquarters. The foundation was
laid for the horror that was to come. Pentex began to plow
through the jungle unmercifully, destroying anything in its
path. They held no regard for the consequences of their

16 Rage Across the Amazon

actions. They worked day and night in shifts, wasting no time
in their destructive efforts. It was then, quite by accident, that
their operation was discovered.

The First Pack Falls

The Black Frost, a Get of Fenris pack, stumbled onto the
temporary village and immediately understood what was hap-
pening. The Black Frost stalked the jungle silently for several
days and nights before making their move, hoping to gain as
much information as possible about their adversaries. Once
this task was completed, the Black Frost pounced upon the
Pentex village. They came with rage in their hearts, only to be
struck down in moments by the overpowering might of the
hidden fomori First Team.

When these Garou did not return on schedule, their Kin-
folk became worried. An expedition was organized to retrieve
them, dead or alive. The Kinfolk soon discovered the Pentex
operation and realized the fate of the Black Frost.

Showing more wisdom than their slaughtered kin, the
members of this expedition quickly returned to inform the
Fenris elders of their discovery. An emergency war moot was
called. Emissaries from all tribes were invited to discuss the best
course of action. The quarrels began.

Golgol Fangs-First Takes
Charge

The Get of Fenris asserted their rights as the most powerful
and cunning warriors. The tribe declared themselves in com-
mand of all operations in the Amazon region. Their Fenris
leader, Golgol Fangs-First, was quick to take advantage of his
tribe's loyalty. He assumed the position of commander-in-
chief for the Garou forces preparing to leave for the Amazon.
This upset many elders of the other tribes, but there was no
time for disputes. It was imperative that a fighting force arrive
in the Amazon to set up a drop zone for further combat forces.

Once the first wave of Garou warriors arrived in the jungle,
they quickly set up a temporary base camp and made prepara-
tions for the arrival of the others. As soon as the other warriors
arrived and members of the Thirteen Tribes were forced to
interact, the fighting began.

The Fianna tribe, led by Killian Stormfist, did not believe
Golgol and his band of Nordic warmongers to be competent
leaders in a situation so vital to the survival of Gaia. With the
support of the Fianna, Killian immediately challenged Golgol
for the right to lead the Amazon Garou. Despite Killian's fine
fighting skills, he was bested by the Get of Fenris elder and
conceded the authority of Golgol.

Many others also tried to claim leadership of the Garou in
the Amazon, believing it to be their right. The Shadow Lords
wanted control because of theirancient rivalries with the other
tribes. The Black Furies believed the males were not worthy to
lead an operation of this importance. All lost to Golgol.

Chapter One: History

This petty bickering and savage in-fighting lasted for several
months. During this time the Garou lost track of the reason for
their presence in the Amazon. Pentex did not. They com-
pleted the construction of their Amazon headquarters and
began their operation to destroy all life in the rain forest.
Another terrible blow had been delivered to the Garou,
exploiting their short-sightedness and impatience.

At this point, all 13 tribes conceded to the leadership of
Golgol Fangs-First with the stipulation that a War Council be
set up toadvise the Fenris elder in his most important decisions.
Golgol found this to be agreeable, and the War Council was
instituted by the elders of the other twelve tribes. Thus, under
the guidance of the Amazon War Council, the Garou began
their great fight to liberate the Amazon jungle from its oppres-
sors.

Garou Bases

In the beginning, the war did not go well. The Garou
presence was pitifully small in comparison to the might of
Pentex and its allies. Garou casualty rates were astounding and
many who rushed into the jungle to defend Gaia were never
seen again. Those first days were the darkest. Hope was hard to
find and morale was low.

Golgol Fangs-First, realizing the ineffective organization of
the Garou troops, sought to change the tide of the war. He
organized the Garou into more effective fighting units consist-
ing of Wargs, groups of packs commanded by a Battle Master.
Three packs made a Warg, with each assigned a separate
function to support all activities necessary for mission success.
Battle tactics also changed a great deal. The Garou forces were
losing far too many warriors by rushing headlong into the
Pentex armies. Pentex was just too well equipped and trained.
They outnumbered the Garou by a ratio of ten to one.

Golgol guided the Garou to establish hidden bases in the
jungles where they could launch their raids against Pentex.
The first, most famous and by far the most successful of these
hidden bases was established close to the Pentex Amazon
Headquarters. It has earned a reputation of unparalleled suc-
cess among the Garou. Ranch Apocalypse, as it has come to be
known, is an enigma to the fomori who constantly search the
jungle for its whereabouts. So far, they have been unsuccessful
in all their attempts. The warriors who staff this legendary
outpost continue in their mission to eliminate the Pentex
Headquarters.

As these hidden outposts were being established, Amazo-
nian caerns were also being built. The largest and most
powerful of these, the Hollow Heart Caer, became the

18 Rage Across the Amazon

primary base of operations in the Amazon War. Realizing the
conflict would not be settled overnight, the Garou set up
extensive medical and supply facilities. This caern served the
needs of all those who fought in the jungle. Here, all Garou
destined for glory in the Amazon first arrive.

The Hollow Heart Caern became the home of the Garou
War Council. All major tactical decisions were made there.
The caern was guarded fiercely by the Garou. It is the founda-
tion for success in the Amazon. Other caerns were awakened
as well, including the Sky River Caern and the Caern of Rain
Spirits. Most of these are open to members of all tribes. It is
understood that the war is a group effort. Only through unity
will the Garou taste victory.

As time passed, the Garou forces closed the gap on Pentex.
Golgol sent a message around the world: Garou in search of
glory could fight an unparalleled war with the Wyrm in the
jungle. Many responded to this call and fell into the chain of
command. Pentex faced a force to be reckoned with.

Che Werejaguars

During the establishment of the hidden outposts, the Garou
discovered another adversary that Pentex had already suffered
losses from: the Balam. These werejaguars were fierce oppo-
nents, guarding their Den-Realms with every fiber of their
being.

The invading Garou discovered the site of adormant caern,
the Hollow Heart, and began their preparations for re-awaken-
ing it. This was the realm of Matda, a Balam. She fought hard
todrive the numerous Garou from her realm, but the caern was
too important to them. At first, the Garou tried to negotiate
with Matda. When that failed, they tried to kill her. She was
forced to flee her lands with bitter hate for the Garou burning
in her heart. She sought out the most powerful Balam elder,
Black Claw, and swore fealty to him in return for his aid in
fighting the Garou. He accepted.

For a short time, the Garou focused their efforts into the
struggle against this new enemy. Pentex launched savage
attacks against both the Garou and the Balam. Both races were
preoccupied by their age-old grudge against one another. Once
again, Pentex inflicted heavy losses on the Garou. They were
forced to pull away from their fighting with the Balam and
concentrate their efforts on the activities of Pentex.

The Balam, on the other hand, saw no reason to cease their
struggle with an ancient enemy. The werejaguars began a series
of guerrilla-style raids on Garou war parties. They maintain
these raids today on a constant basis, hindering the efforts of
not only the Garou, but Pentex as well. This has been their
jungle since the gray, forgotten times before history. They still
fight savagely to save it from all outsiders.

In 1991, Black Spiral Dancer allies of Pentex moved into
the area around Anama and began their Rite of Caern Build-
ing. This area was a nexus for three Balam Den-Realms. The
werejaguar owners rushed forth to fight the invading Garou.
They were nearly destroyed by the great numbers of the Hive

and fled from their realms. The Balam lost yet another realm
to the Garou.

These Balam went to the Black Claw and swore fealty to
him if he would help them regain their realms. He accepted.

Only the few native Uktena, among all the Garou in the
jungle, are free from Balam raids. The Balam have lived in
relative peace with these werewolves for years, since the first
three Amazonian Uktena were raised among them. The war is
even straining that relationship.

The Mokole Rampage

Alligators snap at your ankles

And branches snap at your brain

If I ever get through this swamp alive

I'll never more pray for rain

— Pogues, "Blue Heaven"

Pentex began a new operation deeper in the Amazon than
their other activities. An oil-drilling exercise would test the
area for oil. Areas of Peru have lucrative oil deposits. Very few
companies were willing to put forward the expense to move
east of the Andes into the Amazon Basin. Already, the huge
pipe which pumped oil westward over the Andes had broken
down multiple times, spewing its black contents over the
region. Endron Oil volunteered to risk the venture. Of course,
the government supplied tax incentives.

Soon, they were drilling indiscriminately all over the area.
They found a deposit and immediately set up a pipeline to
deliver it over the mountains. The government couldn't be
bothered when this pipe burst. Gallons of oil spilled into the
Amazon River. They expected Endron to clean it up. Endron
senta few men out to handle the affair. With a crew of only ten
men, it would take them years to clean up any problems. Too
bad, they said. Budgets were tight.

The clean-up crew was never seen again. Endron's drilling
camp disappeared overnight. All that was left was an empty
clearing... and some strange footprints. The footprints re-
sembled tracks left by a dinosaur. Endron covered up the
operation quickly and hasn't been back since.

If any of the clean-up crew had survived, they would have
described huge reptiles thrashing through the edge of the
clearing. Giant creatures tore the camp apart in minutes. A
horrible roar echoed through the hills. The Mokolé were on
the rampage.

Although the werecrocodile nests were far removed from
Pentex development, they also felt the pain of the war. Oil
flowed downstream from the drilling site to Mokolé enclaves,
polluting their nests and poisoning their hatchlings. The
Mokol€é could not sleep through this. Their rampage was
against anyone in the area associated with Pentex, even
innocent workers who had been forced to work at the drill site.
Noone with even theslightest connection with the mega-corp
was spared.

When the Garou heard of this affair, even they voted to
leave the Mokolé alone.

Chapter One: History 19


The Battles

These few young men

The few who dare

To battle in hell

Le Mercenaire!

Strength and muscle and jungle work

— Warren Zevon, "Jungle Work"

Many battles of this war have become famous. Stories are
told around the fire over and over again. The fame of their
participants has often spread to other regions. Veterans, too
maimed to fight, return home and tell the tales to their
septmates. Below are the most famous of these conflicts.

Battle of Bane Field

This was the first major assault against Pentex Headquar-
ters. It was an incredibly violent and destructive battle in both
the physical realm and the Umbra. Two Garou forces, the
"Dread Foe" and the "High Mountain," assaulted Pentex

20

Rage Across the Amazon

Headquarters as the full moon rose in the night sky. By dawn,
many Garou were dead, but even more Pentex First Teamers
lay on the field of battle, never to rise again.

At last, the physical camp had been breached and some
havoc wreaked, but the Pentex battalion was too strong. The
Garou had to retreat by dawn. The security fencing had been
torn, requiring two weeks to replace it. All their helicopters
were also destroyed, requiring one week to replace. During this
time, Pentex had to send their teams out on foot for supplies,
causing them to fall under many Garou guerrilla assaults.

The battle is named, however, after the conflict in the
Umbra. The 50 meter kill-zone around the Headquarters
swarmed with Banes in the Umbra, hordes of which came
against the Garou who had stepped sideways for the assault.
Many Theurges gained immense glory from the battle, includ-
ing a Bone Gnawer called Dreads-Not. Many other Garou
died. The Banes were destroyed or driven away. A victory of
sorts was achieved.

The March of the Trees

This battle deep in the recesses of the rain forest was the
occasion of a miracle from Gaia. A Garou pack was ambushed
byafomori First Team in an ancient grove of trees. One of the
pack members, Airk Goldfist, was a member of "Gaia's Hand,"
a group following the chivalric ideals of Garret Faithful, the
Children of Gaia War Council member. When the battle
turned against his pack, Airk dropped his klaive and prayed to
Gaia for deliverance. He was answered. The ancient trees
groaned and cracked. They uprooted themselves and wrapped
their massive boughs about the fomori. The Wyrm minions
struggled desperately, but to no avail. They were smothered to
death by the trees. When the last fomor died, the trees froze in
place and their roots replanted into the ground. It wasas if they
had always been rooted there.

The pack thanked Gaia for Her aid and returned to their
cae. The tale quickly spread and "Gaia's Hand" became a
respected camp.

Battle of Sereaming Mud

A Garou Warg, led by the Black Fury Shress Hardheart,
attacked the recently built Hell's Hand Hive of the Black
Spiral Dancers. The results were horrible. The Black Spirals
had only recently created their caern in the underground
tunnels arounda blasted and defoliated field. They had already
gained dread allies in the waste land. The very mud of the
swampy ground came to life and sucked the Garou force down
totheir waists. The ground moaned, screaming a bone-chilling
roar. The Black Spirals spilled from their hole and attacked the
immobile Garou, slaying nearly all of them. Shress was able to
command a few to step sideways with her, where they could see
the giant H'ruggling holding them. They raked it with their
claws until it released them. Crying, it fled.

The Garou suffered a bitter loss. This story is told whenever
they need to work up their rage against the Black Spiral
Dancers.

Battle of the Dreadful Moon

Thisaccount is told at the Pentex HQasa waming for cocky
First Teamers and by the Garou to acknowledge the power of
the spirits. Pentex had been laying a foundation for a toxic
waste factory when a Garou pack assaulted them. This pack
was known as the Tangible Spectres, famed for their powerful
spiritallies. These allies were with them. Lunes moved against
the fomori, chasing them down and wrapping themselves
about their faces. What magic they worked then is mysterious
even to most Garou Theurges, but the First Teams who
survived still scream whenever the full moon is in the sky. One
survivorkilled his whole team ina psychotic episode during the
next full moon. Since then, they have had to be tied to their
beds on those nights.

Battle of Freaks

The "Dread Claw" Garou force once raged a massive assault
on the Pentex Laboratories. The Warg was unprepared for
what came out to meet them. A disgusting and horrific

menagerie of fomori flooded from the building towards the
Garou. The Garou easily cut them down as they came, but
hordes kept coming. The leader of the force, Félk
Humblehammer, swore the fomori wanted to die, for they did
little attacking. They simply ran into the waiting claws of the
Garou. When it was over, as the last fomor lay dying on the
ground, he croaked out a "thank you" before expiring. The
Garou retreated, confused and horrified at that laboratory
where monsters were made against their will.

The Fall and Return of the Hero

This is one of the most treasured tales by the Garou, for it
proves to them that, even in defeat, they can be victorious. The
Garou had left their base of Ranch Apocalypse when they were
attacked by First Teams. Well outnumbered, the Garou soon
fell, but not before they took many fomori with them. Their
leader, a Silver Fang hero known as Earth's Anger, swore that
he would return to kill the First Team leader. He was torn apart
by silver bullets, but he kept his promise...

A year later, a young Silver Fang pup new to the war came
upon the First Team leader in battle. He cried the name of
Earth's Anger for courage. He got more than he asked for.
Earth's Anger himself visited the young pup, taking over his
limbs and leading his actions in battle. The First Team leader,
startled and confused, was torn to pieces in seconds. The pup
howled to the sky in the voice of Earth's Anger and all Garou
heard. The pup then sagged to the ground, exhausted, as his
ancestor left him.

The Garou marvel at this tale today, for it is proof that they
will return from past lives to fight again against the Wyrm.

A Yew Phase

For years the struggle continued in the shadows of the
human world as both human and werewolf died and spirits
screamed under the canopy of the Amazon jungle. For the
longest time neither side could claim the upper hand. Even
Pentex, despite their staggering quantity of troops and equip-
ment, could not claim victory.

In the winter of 1990, the tide was turned. The war took on
a new phase. Pentex sought to establish another base of
operations in the jungle under the guise of Green River
Awareness, a rain forest preservation research center. For
many long weeks, the Garou fought conventionally. Midnight
raids were made against Pentex excavation equipment. Am-
bushes were set for First Teams. It then dawned on a Garou
pack that it would be best for the Brazilian government to
intervene in this matter. A plan was devised to force them to
do so.

The Swiftclaw Pack pulled back, leaving Pentex to go about
its business. They held back and watched from the shadows.
Pentex continued with its construction, comfortable in the
lack of resistance they received in building their facility. The
Garou then adopted a new tactic, one which would prove to
be quite successful.

Chapter One: History 21


Pentex wallowed in its pride, believing they had extin-
guished the Garou presence in the area. The pack made its
move. They began to set fires at random in the jungle, causing
great blazes destroying many acres of woodland. Afterwards,
the ground was charred and inhospitable. As they did this, they
left the mark of Pentex on everything, using items stolen from
Pentex on raids.

At first, the Swiftclaw were highly criticized for what they
had done. They were taken before Golgol Fangs-First and
found guilty of conspiring with the Wyrm. Despite their
pleading, the Council would not be patient for the results that
were to come. Mere minutes before the pack to be was cast out
and disgraced, valuable news arrived. Green River Awareness
was accused by the government of irresponsible actions result-
ing in irreparable damaged to the Amazon rain forest. They
were therefore banned from further research in that particular
area.

Several other investigations were initiated against Green
River and its contacts, the other local Pentex companies, to
determine the validity of their research in the Amazon.
Almost overnight the war turned in the favor of the Garou as
Pentex was forced to face a new enemy, that of a legally
established government with the power to evict them from the
area. Pentex began to shuffle paperwork in order to hide their
true intentions from the constant investigations raised against

them. As this took place, they pulled back from the battlefield
to maintain their cover. The first major blow was delivered
against Pentex. They decided to stand back, lick their wounds
and reassess their position.

Golgol Fangs-First, realizing the intentions of the pack who
had brought Pentex to their knees, swallowed his pride and
removed the charges against them. Instead, he rewarded them
with the renown deserving of their deed.

Coday

Time marches on

Time stands still

Time on my hands

Time to kill

— Warren Zevon, "The Indifference of Heaven"

Today, the war still wages. Pentex desperately attempts to
regain its foothold in the Amazon while suffering through
governmental inquiries on their actions. Because of this, they
have stepped up raids against the Garou forces with everything
they have to throw against them. Black Spiral Dancers con-
stantly burrow through underground tunnels in search of
Garou outposts. Pentex First Teams show no mercy on their
nightly attacks.

22 Rage Across the Amazon

Yew Pups

The Garou have been forced to bring in more warriors to
stand against the anger of Pentex and its allies. Pups, fresh from
the Rite of Passage, are sent to the jungle to join the fight. They
work to preserve and protect Gaia against the treachery of the
Wyrm.

This recruitment has angered many septs. The elders argue
that there are too few cubs born every year to risk them ina war.
As young Garou, hot for glory, rush to the Amazon under
promises of power and renown, caerns are left behind with
fewerand fewer young to take the place of the old. Golgol sends
the word out wherever he can, tempting all Garou to join the
fight. Only very recently have others begun to resist this,
claiming that Golgol would kill them all in the jungle by
leading a war no one can win.

The split in the Garou nation is widening. The gap grows
ever greater between the pro-war and the anti-war factions.
How long can this struggle go on before the Garou are divided?

A Fragile Umbra

Another danger has arisen, one that is nearly unimaginable
tothe Garouand thusdenied by them. The spirit world is being
plundered for the war effort. The Umbra has its own environ-
mental balance just as the rain forest does. In fact, both are
vitally linked to each other. A change in the physical world has
repercussions in the Umbra. To a certain degree, the reverse is
also true. Radical change in the spirit world will affect physical
reality.

Chapter One: History

The Garou in the war, desperate for power to use against
Pentex, have begun to summon spirits to bind into fetishes. In
their arrogance, the Garou do not care whether a spirit is
willing to cooperate. The Garou argue that they have come to
save the spirits from Pentex. The spirits must show their
gratitude in return by empowering weapons for the fight. The
Garou force them to become fetishes.

They do not recognize the vital role these spirits play in a
spiritual eco-structure. By taking them from their Umbral
homes, they leave the Umbrascape barren of guardians and the
life necessary to make the physical world meaningful. For
example, when an Anaconda spirit, whose role is to mystically
aid the river's flow, is taken from its Umbral river lair, the "real"
river, of which the Umbra river is a spiritual counterpart,
begins to stagnate. In addition, when the spirit is no longer
there to defend the river, Banes can move in to take up
residence, and the river can soon become a hell-hole.

Of course, the Black Spiral Dancers are just as guilty as the
Garou. They have listened more closely to their Bane aides.
They have realized some secrets of the Umbral rain forest.
Spiral Dancers use these secrets to selectively destroy the
spiritual environment, placing Banes where spirits of harmony
and beauty once dwelled. The Balam and Mokolé have
realized the danger and fight all Garou, trying to throw them
from the jungle. Some Garou realize the dangers, but unless the
Garou as a whole catch on, they may harm the land they fight
to save.

It is a dark and desperate time for the Changing Breed and
for all the world. The fight continues and will do so until Gaia
can once again know peace or the last drop of Garou blood
spills to the earth.


. wat .
°
The Battlefield

Ah! never shall the land forget

How gushed the life-blood of her brave,

Gushed, warm with hope and courage yet,

Upon the soil they fought to save.

— William Cullen Bryant, "The Battle-Field"

The Amazon is different from most areas where the Garou
are active. For the most part untouched and unexplored by
humans, the Amazon is a pristine place. It is a land where life
grows, free from the devastating touch of humanity.

There are mysteries in the Amazon outside the reach of
humankind and its ever-present greed. Like many other beau-
tiful lands before it, the Amazon has now captured the attention
of corporations and individuals wanting to discover these
mysteries. The damage that occurs is irreversible. Whether this
is intentional or not, the effects are the same.

There are no Garou protectorates in the Amazon and few
caerns. This is the land of werejaguars and werecrocodiles.
Until recently, the Garou have had no business in this area.
Most of the places they now occupy are make-shift base camps
used as points-of-origin for reconnaissance missions and guer-
tilla style raids. There are a few caerns, however, that function
in the area thanks to the patience and determination of their
Garou keepers. These caerns still stand, despite the constant
raids from Pentex.

South America

(See map on page 118)

The continent of South America is the fourth largest in the
world, stretching for about 7,400 km from north to south and
5,150 from east to west. The continent covers more than 17.8
million square miles. It is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on
its eastern shores and the Pacific on its west coast. Central
America and the Caribbean Sea are found to the north and
Drake Passage separates South America from Antarctica to
the south.

The arena for the Amazon War is mainly in the country of
Brazil. Brazil is the largest country in South America, stretch-
ing almost 4,350 km eastward from the foothills of the Andes
Mountains to the Atlantic Ocean. Brazil borders every country
of the South American continent with the exception of Chile
and Ecuador, occupying nearly half the continent of South
America. It is the world's fifth largest country, only slightly
smaller than the continental United States. The population is
about 40% less than that of the U.S.

Brazil is mostly highlands and mountainous areas. The
country enjoyed a political stability in the 19th century,
unusual for most Latin American countries. Political strife and
social turmoil have led to the bloody overthrow of many
administrations in the 20th century. Under the administration
of a civilian government since 1985, Brazil is currently at-
tempting to rise from the depths of third world status. One of
the methods it uses towards this end is to allow foreign
corporations, particularly American ones, to establish produc-
tion bases in the country. Pentex had the chance to make their
move.

Chapter Two: Geography 25


Manaus

Manaus, the largest city in the area of the Amazon conflict,
is on the Rio Negro, seven miles from the junction with the
Amazon river. It has a population of over 800,000 people. The
city saw its boom late last century as the rubber market took off.
Manaus was the center of that rubber industry, and it quickly
grew in population and riches. The city even became a center
for European culture in the jungle with its own opera house to
serve the artistic tastes of the rubber barons.

Manaus today is the major transportation nexus in the area.
From here, vehicles cross the Amazon through the river, in the
air or over the Trans-Amazonian Highway. DFG, Inc. uses
Manaus as its major port. Their deforestation efforts are
supplied through this city.

Welcome to the Jungle

My forest is a world of tall, slender tree trunks thrusting straight
out of the ground, climbing and climbing and unfurling only way up
at the very top. Light streams in only where a lighting bolt has
knocked down a tree, but the forest closes its wounds right away. Its
natural state is a green, gloomy semidarkness, like a Romanesque
cathedral.

— Darcy Ribeiro, Mafra
The Amazon rain forest holds 30 percent of all known plant
and animal species. In two and a half hectares, an average of
23,000 species of life can be found. The massive development

projectsplanned forthe Amazon will irrevocably destroy many
species of plant and animal, some of which have never been
discovered by the modern world. Already, many species of
plants have been discovered and lost as the edges of the forest
recede.

The climate of Brazil and the Amazon area is relatively
moderate. Temperatures rarely exceed 95 degrees Fahrenheit
in the tropics due to the high atmospheric humidity. Average
temperatures vary from 71 degrees Fahrenheit in July, the
coldest month, to 80 degrees Fahrenheit in January, the
warmest month. The jungles are hot and humid, bringing a
constant sweat to anyone traveling there. Life in the jungle is
not a dry existence. The forest sees a rainfall of over 70 inches
per year. Thunder storms are also common.

The forest plays an important part in atmospheric recycling,
producing an estimated 40 percent of the world's oxygen. It
also plays a vital role in producing the moisture necessary for
rainfall in surrounding countries. As the forests are cut down,
the cycle of rain is impaired, leading to droughts. As the rain
forests are cleared for cattle farming, soil erosion increases
dramatically, leading eventually to useless, barren fields. Tropi-
cal rain forests cannot support the kind of farming techniques
that were developed for northern climes or soil. Rain forest soil
is not nutrient rich. Tree roots rarely run deep, making it easier
for bulldozers to knock them down.

The Garou know that the destruction of the rain forest
means a deathblow to the world on a level scientists cannot
predict or perceive. There are also spiritual effects. The corrup-
tion of the Wyrm is quite real to the Garou.

26 Rage Across the Amazon

Che Great River

A winding river

Gets wound around a heart. Pull it

Tighter and tighter

Until the muddy water part

— Paul Simon, "Can't Run But"

The Amazon River is the longest on the South American
continent. Originating in the Peruvian Andes, the river flows
about 6,450 km to its mouth in the Atlantic. It is the world's
second longest river, yet no other river approaches its volume
of flow, exceeding the world's 10 next largest rivers combined.

The basin of this great river is found inside Brazil in the state
of Amazonas. Here, the forces of Pentex and their allies have
begun their conquest of this land and its resources. This is
where the war is fought.

Flora

The riverand its many tributaries are home to various forms
of plant and animal life. There are 80,000 species of plants in
the Amazon. In one hectare of Amazonian rain forest, there is
anaverage of 300 trees. The numbers are staggering, especially
when compared to a California forest with an average of only
five to ten trees for each hectare.

Broadleaf evergreens are typical for the rain forest. They
form a closed canopy over the Amazon world. Vines prolifer-
ate. Other plants and flowers can be seen growing on the trees.
The highest upper canopy trees rise to 165 feet, with a few as
tall as 200 feet. The forest floor is rather open, but can get quite
tangled, especially close to the river banks or in areas of new
growth over developed land.

In all, the plant life of the Amazon is amazingly diverse, a
riot of unique form and color. Gaia has grown many wonders
here, and she waits for Her children to discover them. The
deeper into the undisturbed interior one goes, the weirder the
landscape gets. The Storyteller should feel free to create bizarre
and never-before-seen plants.

Fauna

The Amazon is home to 30 million insects. In one tree,
more species of ants can be found than exist in all of England.
The Rio Negro, a tributary of the Amazon, has the greatest of
diversity of fish in the world, while Columbia, another country
containing the rain forest, has the greatest diversity of birds.
The Peruvian section of the forest has 1,450 species of butter-
flies. All of North America contains only 730. Gaia has many
children in the rain forest.

Chapter Two: Geography 27


Within the Amazon live anacondas, crocodiles, peccaries,
howler monkeys, sloths, piranhas, stony Matamata turtles and
thousands of other animals ranging from the deadly to the
beautiful. The Amazon is teeming with animal life.

The Amazon is not only a prime place for plant pharmacol-
ogy, but also for animal pharmacology. A recently discovered
species of frog emits oils that act as a powerful drug, known by
the Indians to deliver eerily prescient visions. Research on
such animals, however, may never come about, for the animals
disappear with the declining forest and native lore on such
things disappear with the Indians' culture.

Umbrascape

The Umbra landscape around the Amazon is one of the
most vivid and active in the world. Spirits flit to and fro ina
kaleidoscope of color and motion. In the Amazon, many of the
plant spirits are mobile, floating through the green, towering
trees and tending to flowers over vast areas. There are also
strange spirits looming here, awakened by native magic, such
as ayahuasca, the spirit of a powerful drug taken by native
medicine men.

Many spirits of long dead or extinct creatures still roam the
Umbra, seemingly unaware of their extinction. Occasionally,
a Great Beast roams free, awakened from its slumber in Gaia's
womb. The neck of a massive dinosaur can occasionally be
glimpsed rising above the distant trees. The lumbering strides
of a Megatherium, or Giant Sloth, might shake the ground.

Also in this landscape are the Den-Realms of the Balam
werejaguars, hidden among the Umbral trees.

The sensory impression of the Amazon Umbra is not the
usual gray. This place isa land of green, spattered with brilliant
reds, yellows and blues. Spirits find easy camouflage in this
background. Anaconda Gafflings lurk in huge trees and wind-
ing rivers, camouflaged against the green. They wait for their
prey: either their usual diet of frog Gafflings or a daring try at
a wandering Garou.

The smells of the Umbra are intense for any wolf. Potently
fragrant flowers, pungent rotting vegetation and the scent of
strange animal tracks can be found here. Insome places, ascent
hasstuck, staying at that site for ages, regardless of how longago
it was left there. Characters may find the scent of a dinosaur
and believe one is nearby when the beast really passed through
the area ages ago. These fossilized scents can be quite confusing
for characters trying to track someone in the Umbra.

This Umbra, like the earthly rain forest, is a vast spiritual
ecosystem. While its balance is not as delicate as its physical
counterpart, it too suffers from destructive tampering. The
Pattern Spiders have slowly begun to penetrate this land of
pure Wyld, tearing huge chunks of living green and leaving
lifeless brown behind. It is now common to see their Pattern
strands choking the rivers and paths.

In addition, the Wyrm's minions have taken their toll on
this place. Black Spiral Dancers wander the area, destroying
natural spirits and putting Banes in their place. Glade Chil-
dren become Blight Children. The vast clear-cut areas have

28 Rage Across the Amazon

become nightmares of smoking dirt and empty fields. Areas
once healthy are now haunted by blasted and scorched plant
spirits mourning their lost roots.

The danger of this Umbra realm is the reaction of the Wyld
to the invaders. No one can predict what will happen in the
Umbra when an ecosystem is hurt. The paths and ways of the
Umbra no longer match those in the real world. No one can
predict what features on the physical plane will exist in the
Umbra. It is easy enough to get lost in the "real" jungle, but the
Umbral jungle routinely swallows up Garou patrols. These
patrols disappear for months only to reappear half a continent
away from their entry point.

Garou Theurges are easily confused when mapping paths
through the spirit world. Mapping is a tactical necessity, but
also a near impossibility. So far, due to the confusion of this
alien environment, the war has taken place mainly on the
physical plane with occasional battles transferring into the
Umbra. Garou and Black Spiral Dancers step sideways to fight
to the death in spirit battles. Battles in both realms are crucial
to the future of the Amazon.

The Storyteller has complete freedom in the Umbra. This
isa place possessed by the Wyld, and therefore all rules are in
question. Whenever characters take tothe Umbra, itshould be
areal task for them to figure out what is going on. This is a
bizarre, spiritual jungle that defies reason. This Umbra can
provide a place for intense "Alice in Wonderland" settings
with enigmatic spirits constantly baffling outsider characters.

There are two ways a character can understand the Umbra:
bea native, or ally with a native spirit. Only a few Uktena are
actually native to this region. They have tried to avoid the war
for the most part. These Garou will know which paths to take
in the Umbra and which spirits to trust. It is up to the
Storyteller to decide whethera playercan takea native Uktena
as her character.

If the characters want to ally with a local spirit, the Story-
teller should give them a hard task to achieve before they can
be accepted as part of the rain forest. Any of the totems given
in the Appendix can provide characters with a native-level
understanding of the Umbra, but spirits will not easily accept
outsiders. If the pack wishes to gain Coatimundi as their pack
totem, they should have to quest to find Coatimundi first and
then perform any task she asks before they can gain her
supernatural aid.

Travel

Most of the long travel in the jungle is by river. The forests
are simply too thick for outsiders to traverse quickly. The
Native Amazonians, of course, know how to travel the forests
on foot with relative ease, but most outsiders have not mas-
tered this art. The Garou even have trouble at times. They are
used to forest of a different sort. The Appendix gives game
statistics for various types of boats used on the rivers of the
Amazon Basin.

Foot travel for outsiders may require a machete to chop away
undergrowth. Those unfamiliar with the jungle may have a

Chapter Two: Geography 29


hard time orienting themselves. It is very easy to get lost in a
land with no horizon line. Orienting by the sun may require a
character to climb a tree simply to see the sun's position.
Outsiders will have a greater difficulty for their Survival skill
rolls. Garou in Lupus form, however, will not need a machete
to travel through the undergrowth, although Garou may have
to rely more on Primal-Urge than Survival for getting around.
While Primal-Urge cannot be used to orient oneself, it can
help instinctively guide one to water or assist in tracking food.

Tracking can be very hard for someone used to a different
environment. The sheer detail that assaults the senses in the
rain forest provides a major distraction, and the number of
strange scents can confuse any wolf. The Storyteller should
remember this when non-native player characters try to track
prey through the forest.

The Garou

The Garou have claimed multiple areas in the jungle, even
constructing a caern of their own called Sky River and taking
over a dormant Uktena caern known as Hollow Heart. They
have many smaller bases and hidden scout camps throughout
the region.

The Hollow Heart Caern

Caern: Forest clearing northeast of the Rio Negro

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Awareness

Tribal Structure: Headquarters for the North Ward; open
to all Amazonian Garou

Totem: Tree Frog

This is the replacement center and primary base for all
Garou operations in the Amazon. It is a level four caern cared
forand controlled by the War Council, the circle of elders. This
caern is the center of all Garou activity in the Amazon and
contains the reception point for all incoming warriors from
Moon Bridges across the world. It is the primary base for
logistics, ammunition and weapon storage and the most well
stocked area for hospital supplies and medical care. The North
Ward is stationed here.

The caern was awakened in 1987, shortly after Garou forces
began toarrive ona regular basis from various parts of the globe.
It was understood from the beginning that a primary base of
operations must be established. This is not a war that will end
soon, but one that could last for years or even decades.

This caern is a constant target for Pentex attacks. So far, it
has sustained its existence and avoided destruction. The caern
is located north of the Amazon river in Brazil and is surrounded
by harsh, unexplored woodlands.

Hollow Heart is a caern of Awareness. By successfully
performing the Rite of the Opened Caer, a ritemaster will
receive the Silent Strider Gift of Attunement.

The caern's totem, the Tree Frog, is adept at camouflage and
lends its ability to the caern. The caern is very hard to find for

those who have never been there. Until a searcher enters the
clearing, she must make a Perception plus Awareness roll
against a 9 to perceive the caern's existence. The caern also has
the Rite of the Shrouded Glen cast upon it.

Sky River Caern

Caern: Near the Purus River

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 4

Type: War

Tribal Structure: Headquarters for the South Ward; open
to all Amazonian Garou

Totem: Howler Monkey

The Sky River Caern is located beside the Purus River,
found south of the Amazon. The South Ward is stationed here,
and it is their duty to protect the area from the Hell's Hand
Hive while sending raiding parties against the Pentex Labora-
tories.

This is a caern of War. The ritemasters of this caern can
channel its power into fighting skill with a successful Rite of
Caern Opening. All three points of caern rating can be
channeled into a Dice Pool in one fighting ability for all
members of the pack. The effects will last for one scene, but can
besaved until the pack needs todraw on the Pool. For example,
ifaritemaster succeeds with hiscaern opening roll, all members

of the pack could then set aside an additional three dice to the
Dice Pool ofeither Brawl, Melee, Firearms, Archery or Kailindo
for one scene. All the pack members would increase the Dice
Pool of the same skill.

30 Rage Across the Amazon

The caer's totem, the Howler Monkey, is constantly on
the lookout for trouble. If danger approaches the caern, he will
screech warnings to the Garou. Only members of the caern can
hear these screeches.

Caern of the Rain Spirits

Caern: Near Codajas, off the Amazon River

Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Elemental

Tribal Structure: Native Uktena or Wendigo; other Garou
can only visit.

Totem: King Thunder

This native Uktena caern is presently in shambles because
of the early Pentex raids launched against it. Located up river
from Codajas, this is one of the few caerns established and
cared for before the war began. Because of this, it was one of the
first targets chosen when Pentex began its onslaught on the
jungle.

This caern is level two and relatively small, but its inhabit-
ants defend it fiercely nonetheless. It isa caern of the Elements,
and can summon local elemental spirits, generally in the form

=

ZT BRD

4

my
Pi \

o

2

A

S

of rain-spirits. A successful caern opening can summon either
two minor elementals or one major elemental.

Most of the surrounding forest has either been burned away
or defoliated in the hope that this would break the will of the
Garou defenders. So far, this has been to no avail. It is a dark
and brooding place, filled with a sense of mourning for its once
pristine beauty. The Uktena who care for the caern treat it as
though it is pure and unblemished.

There are very few Uktena natives left. They must now rely
on outsider Garou to help them defend their caern. So far, only
other Uktena or Wendigo are allowed to stay in residence, but
others can visit and receive some of the caern's powers.

The spiritual center of the caern is only a few meters across,
but quite powerful nonetheless. From this point, sudden rains
are summoned to blanket the areas surrounding the caern,
hindering the efforts of Pentex First Teams on missions of
destruction. Members of other tribes will quickly run to the aid
of the Uktena and their caern if called. This is perhaps the only
reason that the caern still stands today.

The caern's totem, King Thunder, is a local spirit that
controls many elementals. He can deliver devastating storms
onto enemy encampments. Many First Team assaults have
been delayed due to powerful storms over the DFG Headquar-
ters.

Chapter Two: Geography 31


A. North Warg Battle Master

B. North Warg Pack Leader 1
C. North Warg Pack Leader 2
D. North Warg Pack Leader 3
E. South Warg Battle Master

F. South Warg Pack Leader 1
G. South Warg Pack Leader 2
H. South Warg Pack Leader 3

Ranch Apocalypse

For hours we live in constant fear that someone might say
something to remind us of the chilling stories of men who fell asleep
in the forest and lost their souls by turning into animals, and lived as
animals forevermore.

— Darcy Ribeiro, Mafra

Ranch Apocalypse is the major base camp of Garou assault
activity in the Amazon. It is located a half-days march from
DFG headquarters and maintains a constant staff of Garou
guerrilla warriors. Ranch Apocalypse is a thorn in the side of
Pentex.

Ranch Apocalypse was built on the grounds of a native
village. Originally, Pentex had taken over the village when the
DFG Headquarters were being built. Now the village rests on
the soil where the Black Frost, the first pack in the war, were
slain. The area is considered hallowed ground.

Pentex is unaware that the Garou are using theirabandoned
village. When the factory was completed, they moved out,
leaving only the community house behind. The jungle has
now grown over the road leading to the factory. The Garou
know it is there, but avoid it nonetheless.

Ranch Apocalypse has managed to remaina secret for many
reasons. No injured Garou is allowed to return to the ranch. If
a warrior is wounded to the point where she can no longer
outrun her pursuers, it is unwritten law that she is to flee into
the jungle, returning when it issafe or continuing tofight, even
if it means death. The Garou who are stationed at this camp

also set up mock camps to fool the nightly Pentex reconnais-
sance.

North and South Ward battalions both man this base with
one Warg each. (see Chapter Three)

Pentex
Pentex. Amazon Headquarters

The headquarters of Pentex in the Amazon Basin can be
found in lands that were once proud and majestic woodlands
filled with the sounds of abundant life. The land is now a dark
and silent place, fearing what it has become.

The headquarters are hidden under the name of DFG, Inc.:
the Developers Forestry Group. They are located a few miles
from the Amazon and Negro rivers. The area was once rich
with life, untamed and beautiful. Headquarters covers an area
of nearly two square miles. All the facilities required for
industrial and military activities are here. The fortress is a
monument to the evil of greed.

The compound houses as many as 350 employees at any one
time, including the First Battalion (see Pentex, in Chapter
Three). The compound also houses a great variety of military
equipment, including armored personnel carriers, helicopters
and an incredible array of conventional and chemical weap-
ons. From this location, all the nightly raids against Garou-held
positions are launched. Despite the power and might of this

y A

32 Rage Across the Amazon

rs

SS

Amazon Headquarters

KEY
. Guard Tower

50 Meter
Rill Zone

. Guard Shack

. Guard Housing

. Vehicle Maintenance &
Troop Training

. Training Area
Maintenance

. Factory

|. Cro Bungalow
Storage

Cleared
Around
Complex

facility, it is constantly under attack from both Garou forces
and werejaguars.

This establishment is a macabre work of art rising gloriously
to the sky. The factories release hot, acrid smoke into the
heavens and fill the nearby streams and woodlands with toxic
residue, Uncaringand undaunted in its quest, the headquarters
of Pentex in the Amazon have become the greatest threat to
the ecology of this beautiful and untouched area of the world.
Because of this, it is the primary target of all Garou search and
destroy missions.

The grounds were once the Den-Realm of a werejaguar. She
once fought to save her territory, but was overcome by Bane
spirits unleashed into the area. Today, this Bastet serves the
cause of Pentex Corporation so she can remain in her once-
beautiful home. She has been so corrupted by Banes that she
no longer remembers Gaia. Only her realm is important to her
now.

DFG has so far been able to hide its military strength from
the rest of the world. When a Brazilian official visited recently,
Pentex explained away the electric fence and well-armed
guards by providing proof of hostile eco-guerrilla attacks. This
proof was faked, but the government was convinced. Worried
thateco-terrorists were threatening the economy, they granted
DFG a license to shoot any such terrorists on sight. The issue
of this license was, of course, influenced by heavy bribes and
the occult whispers of Banes.

Che Compound

The compound (see map) is surrounded by an extensive
network of security systems, including motion sensors and
microwave sensors. The motion sensors are placed on the
fences, alerting the guards of an intruder if they are touched.
The microwave sensors are placed throughout the compound.
The device transmits a beam between two points and triggers
an alarm if the beam is interrupted. There are also patrol routes
along the inside of the fences manned around the clock by
armed guards. Towers rise 60 feet from the ground, providing
clear visibility for the guards appointed to maintain surveil-
lance of the surrounding woodlands. The entire area is
surrounded by a 50 meter kill zone. This area has been
completely defoliated, helping patrols to protect against would-
be intruders.

Inside the compound are a variety of storage, training and
maintenance facilities serving the needs of both the troops and
the employees of the factory. The front and back gates are
manned at all times by a force of seven heavily armed troops.
A fast pursuit vehicle armed with a .50 caliber machine gun
stands by. Located on the north side of the compound is the
primary maintenance facility for all the vehicles and equip-
ment.

Inthe east side of the compound, one of the few areas inside
the gates still wooded, is the bungalow of the Chief Regional
Officer, Barnaby Shadrack. The morning sun cascades through
the windows on the eastern side of the house and provides a

Chapter Two: Geography 33


pleasant atmosphere for his morning meal. The house is
constantly guarded by a platoon of troops and is surrounded by
tripwires and claymore mines to prevent unauthorized en-
trance.

The factory facility is located near the center of the com-
pound and is as heavily guarded as the other important
buildings. The laboratories are located nearby toward the
southern fence line. It is necessary to house this particular
operation close to the fence so that toxic wastes are filtered
outside the gates instead of accumulating inside. Along the
northwestern side of the compound are the housing and
training areas for the troops stationed here. This area main-
tains its own surveillance system separate from those found in
the rest of the compound. It not only houses the troops, but also
their vehicles, helicopters and weapons. Guard patrols around
thisareaare twice those in the rest of the compound. The guard
towers erected on the western end of this area provide an extra
degree of security for both the troop compound and the rest of
the facility.

Only Pentex employees are allowed access to any portion of
the compound with the exception of Barnaby Shadrack's
bungalow and selected areas of the factory. The Brazilian
government has been bribed to look the other way and not
stick their noses in Pentex's business.

The troop configuration includes the First Battalion: Alpha
Company (Ist, 2nd and 3rd platoons) and Beta Company (Ist
and 2nd platoons).

This compound is the source of the disease that now infects
the Amazon jungles. The sickness grows stronger with each
passing day.

Pentex Laboratories

This smaller facility is located near Manicore on the Ma-
deira River. This location contains the primary research and
development plant for Pentex in the Amazon, hidden under
the auspices of Magadon, Inc. Here, genetic and biological
research are pursued. Everything is done under the guise of
medical research.

The native Brazilians who work for Pentex in this facility are
asad lot indeed. They are listless, lacking the drive of human-
ity. These poor souls have been so tortured and exploited by
Pentex that they are no longer truly human. They have been
used as guinea pigs for all the biological agents developed in
this facility. Now they are the willing cohorts of Pentex's plan
for the future of the Amazon.

The majority of those whostaff this facility are scientists and
research personnel. A small contingent of troops are on
continuous standby to protect against raids by both Garou and
Balam war parties. These attacks have been rare up to this
point because the effort these two forces have been focusing on
DFG's Headquarters. As a result, Pentex has been able to go
about its research relatively undisturbed.

The compound is built upon a native village with a
missionary's church. The church is now the storage building,
next to the new, more modern laboratory facility. Troop

Rage Across the Amazon

barracks are in the large, native hut. The security is similar to
the DFG Headquarters, with reinforced chain-link fencing
and electronic sensors. Guards patrol the perimeter con-
stantly.

The troop configuration consists of Gamma Company (1st
and 2nd platoons) and Delta Company (3rd platoon, on
roving patrol).

Pentex. Storage and Supply
Faality

To resupply their Amazonian forces efficiently, Pentex
maintains a large group of warehouses in the Manaus port.
Through extensive bribes, these warehouses have avoided any
government inspections. From here, the equipment is either
loaded onto a boat for travel deeper into the Amazon or carried
inland and transported across the River Negro to the jungle
headquarters in secret.

The warehouses are heavily guarded around the clock by a
platoon. The place is always well lit. A fence with video camera
security surrounds the compound. The warehouses extend
downa row with lift vehicles parked in front of the five separate
buildings. Each building has a key-card lock system. Only the
First Team leader and local executives carry key-cards.

This center is guarded by the Gamma Company's 3rd
platoon.

Pentex Mining Fadlity

And some have sailed from a distant shore

And the company takes what the company wants

And nothing's as precious

As a hole in the ground

— Midnight Oil, "Blue Sky Mine"

This mining facility located near Catrimani in the Andes
Mountains has been in operation since the beginning of
Pentex's involvement in the Amazon. It is still a relatively
small operation and has come up barren in most of its mining
efforts. So far, the Garou have all but ignored the mining
facility, although it has been expanding at a rapid rate in the
past few months. Black Spiral Dancers now assist with the
burrowing. The cover company is Harold & Harold Mining,
Inc.

While the site does not unearth much silver, Harold &
Harold smuggles silver here hidden in supply crates. The silver
is then taken by helicopter to the DFG Headquarters and
manufactured into bullets. Occasionally, the silver is marched
over land if Pentex believes a helicopter will fall under too
much scrutiny. In this case, First Teams must guard it over the
long march.

This facility is guarded by the Beta Company's 3rd platoon.

Operation Blight

Far down the Amazon river is Pentex's vilest operation yet:
adefoliant factory in the jungle. Most of the Garouare unaware

Chapter Two: Geography


the foundations and begin initial work before they were finally
discovered. The Garou are unsure what todo. The factory is far
from their support lines, so any packs which assault it cannot
be assured of any back-up aid or assistance. It has thus become
aplace for frantic assaults by single packs greedy for glory. Few
packs have returned from these raids.

Every day, the factory churns out more chemicals to lay
waste to tracts of forest. The factory waste is then dumped in
the river.

This operation is guarded by Delta Company's Ist and 2nd
platoons.

Hell's Hand Hive

Located near Anama is the Hive of Hell's Hand. Once, this
area held three Balam Den-Realms. Then the Black Spiral
Dancers came, pushing them out and destroying both the
Umbral and physical Balam territory. The Black Spiral Dane-
ers now call this recently destroyed land home.

This place is now barren of all life. There is no beauty here
and the mere sight of it is enough to rack the soul with hollow
sobs. It stinks of the Wyrm and its corruption. Most of the
activity of the Black Spiral Dancers who now inhabit this place
is carried out underground. There is an extensive network of
tunnels just below the surface extending over an area of several
miles. No light ever spills inside the blackness of their tunnels.
The Black Spirals prefer to rest by day and come out under the

cover of darkness. The tunnels have flooded often, drowning
some Black Spirals. The swampy soil cannot support too much
digging. This has not prevented them from continued burrow-
ing, however. Their madness will not allow them to abandon
such futile tasks.

There are no trails in the area to prove any movement takes
place. The only visible difference between this area and the
surrounding forest is the blatant chemical desolation.

The Balam

The Balam tribe of the Bastet werecats called the Amazon
home long before the Garou arrived. The recent war has
caused them grief. They have begun to rage against both
Pentex and Garou factions in the war. This is their territory
and they will be damned if anyone, fomor or wolf, is going to
claim it.

Den of Black Claw

The Den of Black Claw is the current stronghold of the
Balam fighting forces in the Amazonarea. It holdsa total of five
Bastet. The first is the elder Black Claw himself. Three Balam
have come from Anama after being pushed from their former
realms by Black Spiral Dancers. The fifth is Mattia, who lost
her home to the Garou at Hollow Heart. After the great losses
they sustained at Anama, the Balam made a hurried effort to
reestablish themselves. Located near Manaus, this is a well
fortified and guarded post.

The Balam who serve in the Den of Black Claw are perhaps
the fiercest of all the werejaguars in the jungle. Despite their
individual natures, they have managed to work together quite
well to expel the Pentex threat from their homeland.

This physical territory of the den is built as a network of tree
dwellings well camouflaged against the backdrop of the Ama-
zon. The Umbral territory of the realm isa pristine, uncorrupted
jungle. Huge trees abound, with limbs large enough to seat the
entire Balam force for a taghairm. So far, no one has breached
the Umbral Gauntlet of this den. No one, outside of the Balam,
realizes that it exists.

The realm is small for five predators, covering 27 square
miles, and has a Gauntlet rating of 8.

Den-Realm of Rorth Son-oF
Bast

Along the Purus River is the Den-Realm of Rorth Son-of-
Bast. He dwells alone, untouched by the present conflict. As
one of the eldest among the Bastet, he chooses not to partici-
pate in the activities of the younger Balam. He believes his
time to fight has passed.

Rorth's area of jungle is not as beautiful as it once was. The
warrior's failing health and the ravages of war have dulled this
place. They have not, however, extinguished the light that
shines from Rorth's aged eyes. The area covers nine square
miles and has a Gauntlet of 8. If this den is invaded, whether

36 Rage Across the Amazon

by Pentex or the Garou, Rorth's kin will respond quickly and

savagely, as he is well respected among his kind.
Grrrash taknyrrr

Thisis the main territory of the Mokolé, the werecrocodiles.
Itissituated on the banks of the Urucu river and has been their
home for millennia. Grrrash tak'nyrrr is a primitive place,
seemingly unchanged from prehistoric times. It is here that the
Mokolé live as one with the indigenous life of the area. Grrrash
tak'nyrrr is the Mokolé nesting ground.

To outsiders in this area, the territory of the Mokolé is very
inhospitable. It has avoided the horrible destruction other
places in the Amazon have suffered. This may not last for much
longer. A smaller nest up the Amazon River, Hooark'Ooark,
was poisoned by Endron Oil, forcing the Mokolé there to
abandon it. The same fate may lie in store for Grrrash tak'nyrrr.

Pentex First Teams have recently scouted the area on
feconnaissance missions for Garou strongholds. They not only
came back empty-handed, but failed to return at all. The
Mokolé do not abide unwelcome visitors in their realm.
Although they have little understanding of the politics of the
current conflict, they nonetheless have been forced to act.
Their leaders are currently pondering a meeting with Garou
forces. They are considering an alliance so that their territory
might be protected against further Pentex missions.

It must be pitch dark in my village now. Inside the houses,
everyone's asleep in hammocks tied to posts in the wall and poles,
forming little family clusters. The man's hammock below; his wife's
above him and their children's above her. Underneath, to take the
chill off the early morning air, some paltry embers are burning,
casting a glow on nothing but the floor...

— Darcy Ribeiro, Mafra

Allover the Amazon, the villages of indigenous people can
still be found, dotting clearings along the riverways. These
grow fewer as time marches on. The Indians are often forced to
leave to seek jobs in the cities and towns. Empty and aban-
doned villages are left along the rivers. The clearings are
already being retaken by the jungle.

In the Gothic Punk jungle, this has wounded Gaia. The
Indians havea place in Gaia's planas caretakers. Without their
wise management of the jungle, it is easier for Banes and other
Wyrm creatures to take over once-pure areas. Garou trekking
through the jungle may come across an abandoned village and
think to spend the night there. They should think again. The
village may have become the home of a Wyrm monster. Skull
Pigs (see Book of the Wyrm) breeding with the native peccaries
and tapirs have become numerous in the jungles, often taking
up residence in the empty villages.

As for the still-inhabited villages, they often house Kinfolk
for the Balam or Mokolé. Any Garou who thinks to lay aclaim
may find himself toe-to-toe with an enraged shapeshifter.

Chapter Two: Geography 37


V}
\ cy
) Mit
Mt


The Garou

There I stand with my own kin

At the end of everything

Finally the dream is gone

I've had enough of hanging on

— Big Country, "Steeltown"

From the moment the Garou first discovered Pentex's
plans, they have come in force to the Amazon. At first, packs
fought among themselves more than they fought Pentex.
Since the arrival of Golgol Fangs-First, the Garou have shaped
up into an organized fighting force.

Golgol instilled discipline with the threat of death. This war
was not to be taken lightly. It was a matter which concerned
the entire Garou nation. Golgol has used his knowledge of
human fighting tactics to arrange the Garou into disciplined
forces with a hierarchy of command. This has worked incred-
ibly well so far, strengthening the basic Garou social unit, the
pack. Golgol realized that pack competition was an important
factor, but also that such competition must be directed against
the enemy. The most rewarded packs are those with the most
enemy kills. Packs that fight among themselves are punished
severely.

At one point, 190 Garou were fighting Pentex in the
Amazon, but casualties have reduced this number to 130.
Golgol is desperately trying to draw more Garou into the fight.

He has begun recruiting cubs who have not yet undergone
their Rite of Passage.

Player Character Packs

Playercharacter packs in the Amazon will be part ofa Warg,
a group of three packs under the command of a Battle Master.
Each pack still has a pack leader, but this leader must take
orders from the Battle Master. A leader who doesn't will
answer to Golgol.

Wargs are usually named after their Battle Master. For
example, Battle Master Jurgen Kreig's Warg is simply called
"Kreig's Warg."

Each Warg is assigned to a Moon. There are two Moons in
a Ward, or battalion. There are two Wards in the Amazon: the
North Ward and the South Ward. The Garou Organization
sidebar explains the command structure. This is an ideal
structure, the way Golgol would like it to be. Reality has
prevented his dream of a perfect war from coming true; not all
the positions on the chart are filled. As packs get killed, holes
are left in the structure that cannot easily be filled.

So far, the structure has held due to successful dominance
challenges from the Battle Masters and War Leaders. There
have been cases where individual pack leaders have won
significant challenges over their superiors. These Garou have
been promoted to higher positions. Also, a few rogue packs
have run off into the jungle to run the war their own way. Few

Chapter Three: People 39


Garou Organization
© Basic Amazon War unit: the Pack (commanded by a
Pack Leader). Avg. 5 Garou
Types of Packs: War, Borzoi* (Scout), Guardian

¢ A "Warg"(commanded by a Battle Master). Avg. 15
Garou
Consists of three packs, usually two War and one
Borzoi. Caern Wargs have one War and two Guardian.
© A "Moon" (commanded by a War Leader). Avg. 45
Garou
Consists of three Wargs.
¢ A"Ward" (commanded by a War Chieftain). Avg. 90
Garou
Consists of a caern and two Moons

**Borzoi": a Russian wolfhound, from the Russian word
borzoy = swift.

are heard from again. The Ghost Raptor Pack is the most
famous and successful of these rogue groups.

Where and how the player character pack fits into this
structure is up to the Storyteller. Most of the stories given in the
Encounters chapter assume that the pack is relatively low on
the totem pole, that they are one of three packs in "Krieg's
Warg." Kreig (see South Ward below) isa grizzled drill sergeant
kind of Garou. He sends his packs out on important missions
and expects them to follow his orders. The Storyteller is free to
make up his own Warg for the pack, or even to allow the pack
to go rogue (thus making them Golgol's enemies).

Moots

Battle Moots are called on a regular basis in all the Amazon
caerns. These are more like strategy or mission objective
sessions than actual moots. These small moots are open only to
those who are invited: usually the pack, Warg or Moon who
will carry out the strategy discussed there. A Battle Moot opens
with a Moot Rite. Then all involved get down to the business
at hand. There are no stories told or grievances aired; these are
tactical moots.

Another kind of war moot is the Victory Moot. These are
celebrations for heroic actions. The moot is open to all in the
camp. A pack is singled out to receive this honor, although
sometimes an entire Warg is chosen to gain recognition. Their
victory is recounted for all to hear. These are the moots in
which player characters will gain immediate renown for their
missions.

A Council Moot is often called to discuss high-level strat-
egy. Only the War Council is allowed to participate. Tribal
secrets are sometimes revealed. The Council members have all
taken oaths, sealed by rites, to never repeat the secrets they
discover here.

Regular moots are called for general get-togethers. Any
Garou in the region is invited. These are usually occasions for
the telling of legends and myths, the airing of grievances or the

calling of challenges between members of different caerns.
Another purpose for these moots is to recharge the caern. All
present are expected to join in these energizing rites.

Golgol Fangs-First, High War
Chieftain

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 5, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Enigmas 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 2, Contacts 2 (septs outside of
the Amazon), Allies 5 (the Amazon war force)

Gifts: Smell of Man, Inspiration, Razor Claws, Resist Pain,
Staredown, Spirit of the Fray, Silver Claws, Combat Healing,
Strength of Will, Body Shift, Might of Thor, Hero's Stand,
Horde of Valhalla

Unstoppable Warrior (6th Level Ahroun Gift) — A
Garou who uses this potent Gift can regenerate aggravated
damage. This works against all attacks except those from silver
weapons. Each turn, roll Stamina + Primal-Urge against a
difficulty 8; if successful, then spend one point of Rage per
Health Level healed (much like a vampiric Blood Pool).

Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 10

Merits/Flaws: Overconfident, Untamable

Rank: 6

Renown: Glory 160,000, Honor 110,000, Wisdom 90,000
Rites: Rite of Wounding, Rite of Ostracism, Stone of
Scorn, The Hunt

40 Rage Across the Amazon

Fetishes: Fist of Thor (see Tribal Weapons, in Appendix
One). Battle Harness (Level 5, Gnosis 6; this regal looking iron
vest adds plus two to the wearer's Strength and adds three
armor dice. It must first be activated before it can even be lifted.
It becomes weightless after successful activation).

Image: Golgol is a huge Garou, over seven feet tall in
Homid form and 13 feet in Crinos. He isalmost 65 years old and
isgetting gray hairs, even in Lupus form, butisstill in incredibly
trim and fit fighting shape. He wears an impressive battle
harness (see Fetishes, above) and his body is laced with battle
scars and ritual pictograms.

Roleplaying Notes: You are quite level-headed for a Get of
Fenris. You have seen so many battles that you remain com-
pletely calm during a fight, even with bombs dropping on all
sides. Through your life, you have grown from a fierce, excit-
able pup to a disciplined and introspective tactician.

Background: Golgol was born on a World War II battle-
field. That day, his Garou mother only stopped fighting long
enough give birth before going back into battle. She died in
glory before he could suck at her teat, but her pack adopted him
and ensured his survival. His human father never knew he —
or the Garou — existed.

As the war ended, his mother's pack achieved a position of
honor. They had been among the few Get of Fenris packs who
had fought against Germany. As Golgol grew up, he worked to
live up to his reputation. In Vietnam, he fought for the fun of
it and learned about jungle tactics. Now he is using this hard-
won lore in the Amazon War.

Many of the young Fenris fear him, for they have grown up
hearing legends of his exploits. This causes the other tribes,
who haven't heard all the tales, to wonder just what he does to
them for disciplinary action. All he really has to do is dart a
scowling glance at a Fenris to stop any problem behavior.

The War Counal
Black Furies

Lanya Wings-Afire is the eldest among the Furies. She
ensures that the wisdom and desires of her tribe are represented
in all the council meetings. She is from the Dakota Badlands
and isstill getting used to the jungle territory. There are rumors
that she left her caern because of a political squabble with the
sept leader. She is allegedly here only to gain enough glory to
return and overthrow the leader in a challenge. Lanya denies
this whenever it is brought up and has challenged the last few
who have accused her of this. She is a Rank Five Philodox.

Bone Gnawers

There is no Bone Gnawer representative on the council.
The Get and Shadow Lords have deliberately scared away any
who were interested. Not many were. The few Bone Gnawers
involved in the conflict have relied on Code Red, the Glass
Walker elder, to represent them.

Chilbren of Gaia: Garret Faithful

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 3,
Melee 4, Kailindo 2, Leadership 5, Survival 2, Enigmas 3,
Medicine 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3 (Gaia's Hand), Pure Breed 2, Past
Life 4

Gifts: Persuasion, Mother's Touch, Call of the Wyld,
Mindspeak, Dreamspeak, Luna's Armor, The Guilty Mind,
Unicorn's Grace, Bridge Walker, Halo of the Sun, Head
Games

Special Power: True Faith in Gaia: 7. Garret has extreme
faith in the will of the Earth Mother. This faith gives him
amazing abilities and can even allow the intervention of
miracles at times. Garret can use his Faith Dice Pool to cause
vampires to flee (difficulty 8) or to pray for miraculous events
(Storyteller's discretion).

Complete rules for Faith are given in Vampire: the Mas-
querade and the supplement Hunters Hunted.

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8

Rank: 5

Renown: Glory 45,000, Honor 80,000, Wisdom 60,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Questing Stone, Rite of Con-
trition, Rite of Cleansing, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of
Spirit Awakening

Fetishes: Garret holds the Chalice of Renewal (see Tribal
Weapons in Appendix One), Great Klaive, Tears of Gaia, and
Clear Water (three vials).

Chapter Three: People


Image: A very handsome man with pure white hair and
clear blue eyes. He is 6'3" and weights about 160 lbs. He is in
his early forties but wears his age well. The weathered lines on
his face seem more like marks of wisdom than the result of hard
living.

Roleplaying Notes: Walk with peace and others will
follow. Your duty to Gaia is to provide an example forall Garou
tofollow. Be fairand generous to all whoare noble. Be decisive
and just when punishing those who are dishonorable. You do
not like the war, but realize it is necessary.

Background: Garret Faithful is the eldest of the Children
of Gaia in the Amazon. He sees his duty here as a chance to
ensure that the "superior" Gaian fighting ideal is enforced.
This means that the Garou must display honor, mercy and

fairness. Because of this near pacifist ideal, Garret is at odds
with many of the other council members. He is also a devout
follower of this code of Gaia, and miraculous events have
occurred around him.

These miracles have convinced many of the young Garou
that he is blessed by Gaia. Some packs have pledged to follow
his methods and "chivalric code," much like the knights of
Arthurian times. They call themselves "Gaia's Hand". Most
Get of Fenris, Shadow Lords and Red Talons call them fools.
These packs, however, have displayed amazing amounts of
sheer luck, forcing the council to admit that this may be a
message from Gaia.

Fianna

Breoghan Dance:
for the Fianna. He i:

in-Clover is the elder council member
a Rank Five Galliard and also a member
of the camp known as the Grandchildren of Fionn. Breoghan
is widely respected by both the Fianna and the members of the
council. He is a fair man, always willing to consider the
thoughts of others.

Breoghan's happy-go-lucky personality makes him an easy
person to get along with, although he can be quite fierce if
pushed too far. He tends to trust the decisions made by the
Council unless they seem too extreme. He is an accomplished
musician, as are many members of his tribe, and he will gladly
play his guitar if asked. Breoghan truly believes that the Garou
presence in the Amazon is necessary for the survival of Gaia
and he is quick to anger around any who do not believe so.
Despite the fact that Golgol is of the Get of Fenris, Breoghan
trusts Golgol completely and will defend his decisions against
any who oppose him.

Get of Fenris

Golgol Fangs-First is the council member for the Get. As he
is also High War Chieftain, he has a disproportionate amount
of power. The Fenris say this is only right, for they were the first
in the war. Many on the council grumble, but none have dared
to question this.

Rage Across the Amazon

Glass Walkers

Code Red is the odd name of the eccentric Glass Walker
who represents his tribe on the council. Red is a mysterious
figure. He is a cabocuo, having both Brazilian and Portuguese
ancestors. Some believe he may be from Rio de Janeiro, but no
one really knows much about his past. All admit he is an
exemplary member of his tribe. This makes him disliked by
most of the council, but quite respected by the Glass Walkers
in the war. It is Code Red who has provided the Garou with
some of the most potent weapons and defenses for the war:
high-tech gadgetry and electric spirits that have confounded
even Pentex. Code Red's Glass Walkers have even been able
toturn Pentex' own equipment against them by awakening the
spirits within the mechanisms. This has caused Golgol to value
his advice, even though the rest of the Fenris shake their heads
in disgust. Code Red is a Rank Four Ragabash.

Red Talons

Fierce Hunger is the Red Talon of the council. She isa Rank
Four Ahroun and a member of the Anti-Extermination camp.
She respects the native tribes of the Amazon and the Garou
homids she has worked with in the war, but must, as a Red
Talon, demand harsh restrictions against all humans. She
trusts the rest of the lupus on the council more than any of the

homids, even Golgol. The sharp contrast in weather between


Shadow Lords

Last-One-Out is the lupus Shadow Lord elder of the council
and a rank five Theurge. He sarcastically criticizes everything
the council discusses, but when the time for decision arrives, he
isamong the most decisive of all Garou in the jungle. All the
Shadow Lords in the Amazon follow him faithfully, although
Last-One-Out demands they follow Golgol's chain-of-com-
mand in all cases. The only exception, of course, is when the
Lords are to gain from disobedience.

Silent Striders

Horus the Sword is the Silent Strider who sits on council for
his tribe. He is a Rank Five Ahroun famed in many different
exploits and especially known for rescuing an African caern
from Pentex. His experiences there make him invaluable to
Golgol in decision making. He is the Chief of all the Borzoi, or
scout, packs. They take their training directly from him.

Silver Fangs

Maria Orrelano is the Silver Fang of the council. Her sept
in Mexico wars with the Black Spiral Dancers of that country.
Her glory from these battles has earned her the Black Spiral
canines she wears around her neck. Some whisper that close
proximity to the Spirals has made her somewhat mad, but
others say it simply the Silver Fang blood. She is eager to lead
many missions herself, and the rest of the council must
continually stop her. They are here to lead, not to get killed in
battle. Maria is a Rank Four Galliard.

Stargazers

Awena Walks-The-Airts is the one of the very few Stargaz-
ers involved in the war. She is a master of Kailindo and will
teach this art to any cub she believes can learn it. Very few can.
Anyone she believes will not be able to finish training will not
be taught. Gung-ho glory-seeking Garou cannot learn from
her. She says little during council but when she gives advice,
it is usually correct. Awena is a Rank Four lupus Ragabash.

Uktena

Cavalo is the Uktena council member. He is from southern
Brazil, where he was a priest of Macumba before his Change.
His contact with the spirits only improved after he discovered
his heritage. He is one of the most feared Theurges in the area.
Many native magicians, even Kinfolk of the Mokolé, have
allied with the Garou out of fear for what Cavalo would do to
them if they didn't. Cavalo is Rank Five.

Wenvdigo

Argues-With-Anger isthe Wendigocouncil member. Much
of her Mexican wolf pack was destroyed by human encroach-
ment, leaving her bitter and hostile. She has come to the
Amazon to exact her vengeance against Pentex, for she knows
they are responsible for many of the world's natural disasters.

Heradvice is tainted with this anger, and few council members
take her seriously anymore. They always know how she will

Chapter Three: People

vote: for the most direct, destructive options possible. She is a

Rank Five Ahroun.

The Leaders of the North Ward

This battalion of Garou operates out of the Hollow Heart
Caern. Members of this Ward are often sent far afield on
missions against Pentex.

The two Moons of this Ward are the "High Mountain"
Moonand the "Dark Foe" Moon. Golgol Fangs-First is the War
Chieftain of the North Ward in addition to being the High
War Chieftain.

Shandy, War Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Fianna

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 5,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Primal-Urge 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2,
Leadership 4, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3 (the High Mountain Moon)

Gifts: Resist Toxin, Inspiration, Smell of Man, Brew, Glib
Tongue, Silver Claws, Balor's Gaze, Troll's Bridge, Woadling,
Cocoon

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Merits/Flaws: none

Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 50,000, Honor 30,000, Wisdom 35,000

Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot Rite, Rite of
Passage, Voice of the Jackal

Fetishes: Heart of the Spirit (holds 5 Rage points; see
Players Guide); Great Klaive


Image: Shandy is a tall, lanky fellow in Homid form and a
long, lanky wolf in Lupus. He has long, stringy red hair and an
engaging smile. His green eyes glow with energy. He has Celtic
design tattoos on his biceps.

Roleplaying Notes: Smile! Sure, war can be a real hell, but
it brings people together. You glory in the unprecedented
chance to party with all the tribes. Always crack a joke if
someone looks down-and-out and give a good pat on the back
to anyone who needs it.

Background: Shandy is the War Leader of the Dark Foe
Moon. He is a competent and outgoing leader, well respected
by everyone involved in the Amazon conflict. He is a strong-
willed, loud and boisterous man who enjoys a good fight and a
stiff drink. Shandy is formerly a member of the Irish Republi-
can Army and was disillusioned with the cowardly way in
which they chose to fight. He volunteered for duty in the
Amazon in search of the real thing. His large victory parties
have beenaboon to morale for those whoserve in the Amazon.
The victory parties are held whether victory was achieved or
not. He always volunteers to be first into the fray and will
quickly challenge others for the right if they volunteer before
him. He is well known for his broad smile, quick wit and savage
temperament.

Canzut, Battle Master

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Silent Striders

Camp: Harbingers

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 2, Animal Ken 2, Drive 1,

Melee 4, Kailindo 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 3, Inves-
tigation 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Past Life 5

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Scent of the True Form, Speed
of Thought, Resist Pain, Scent of Sight, Summon Talisman,
Weak Arm

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Driving Goal (destroy all Setites.)

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 16,000, Honor 12,500, Wisdom 13,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Stalk the Heart (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this is an
Egyptian wand which will lead the user to the location of a
vampire's heart — whether it is in the vampire's body or placed
elsewhere, such as a Setite's heart. A successful activation roll
must be made. Tanziit has dedicated this item to herself and
can summon it with her Gift), Sword of the Avenging Son
(Level 5, Gnosis 6; this Egyptian sword is very old. A spirit from
ancient Egypt resides in it, seething with hate for the Followers
of Set who destroyed its homeland. Against Setites, this sword
doubles its damage Dice Pool once activated. This is dedicated
to Tanziit and she can summon it with her Gift).

Image: In Lupus form, Tanziit isan Ethiopian wolf, lean and
sleek with reddish-fur. In Homid form, she appears as a woman
of Coptic descent with dark hair and complexion. She has
Egyptian hieroglyphs tattooed all over herself; they appear in
all forms. She wears worn-out, loose-fitting clothing.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a very quiet person, for there is
very little that needs saying. When you do speak, it is plain and
straight with no attempt at subtlety. You are on a mission of
vengeance and have little time for anything else.

Background: Tanzi is the leader of her own Warg. She
came toSouth America in search of her enemies: the Followers
of Set. Aftera battle in Medein nearly killed her, she fled to the
jungles of the Amazon and discovered the war. She quickly
joined up for the fight, rising quickly in the ranks.

The war is only a temporary distraction for her. She realizes
the need to aid Gaia, but her seething hate for the Followers of
Set may drive her to leave soon. Hunting down the vampires
who drove her tribe from their homeland ages ago is her driving
goal.

The secret behind Tanzitt's hate is arcane. She is possessed
by an ancestor who died under the fangs of a Setite. The past
lives of a Strider's ancestors are normally closed to their
experience, but Tanzit is different from the rest of her tribe.
She wears this wondrous ability as a curse. Why she alone
among her tribe has this ability to call her ancestors is a
mystery, but the dead have seized the opportunity and use her
as a tool for vengeance.

44 Rage Across the Amazon

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Camp: Judges of Doom

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3, Enigmas 2,
Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2 (local enemies of Golgol), Past
Life 1, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: Smell of Man, Truth of Gaia, Fatal Flaw, Resist Pain,
Clap of Thunder, Weak Arm, Icy Chill of Despair

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Driving Goal (must "purify" world)

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 20,000, Honor 7,000, Wisdom 15,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Voice of the Jackal

Fetishes: Silver Scimitar, Scar Fetish Armor (Level 3,
Gnosis 5; this is a small tattoo of a shield. It acts as magical
protection for Sherrick's whole body, providing two dice of
armor).

Image: Sherrick is of British and Turkish descent. He is a
dark man with black hair, black eyes and a fierce scowl. In
Lupus form, he is a black furred wolf. He stands about six feet
tall and is of medium build. His hair is braided into three pony-
tails, which hang well-below his shoulders.

Roleplaying Notes: You are not a happy person. The world
isin deep trouble and others just haven't realized that the fun's
over. Only through discipline and asceticism can the world be
purified. All this joy clouds the issue. Damn those Children of
Gaia, they always get in the way. Golgol will fall soon, and

you'll be ready to push your agenda to the Shadow Lord who
succeeds him.

Background: Sherrick grew up in aslum of London, the son
of a poor British man and a Turkish immigrant. He hated his
mixed blood. The children ridiculed him about it at school,
especially Elmo Hubble and his gang. He got into many fights,
and his irrational anger became legendary to all the school
children.

When Sherrick underwent his first Change, it was revolu-
tionary. He now had a form with which his anger could be
delivered. He broke into Elmo Hubble's house that night and
tore him to pieces as Elmo's parents watched and screamed.
Then he was grabbed from behind and thrown from the house.
Surrounded by growling and snarling wolves, he ran, but they
nipped at his heels no matter how fast he went. He was lost,
running through the woods.

The Shadow Lords caught him and taught him a lesson in
obedience. Although the scars would last him a lifetime, the
discipline fulfilled a long-suppressed desire. He felt a sense of
belonging. As a homid, he had loathed his "mixed breeding",
but as a Garou, his blood was strong. Sherrick was a pure bred
Shadow Lord and fit well into their primitive hierarchy.

The Judges of Doom came to him much later, impressed
with his ethics and discipline. He went through a rigorous and
harrowing initiation, but was soon a member of that feared
camp. Few in the Amazon know of his affiliation. He keeps it
quiet, for he knows the Judges have a bad reputation among
foolish Garou.

For now, he leads his pack of Shadow Lords, the "Gaunt
Dogs," and instills in them terrifying standards of duty and
obedience.

Leaders of the South Ward

The South Ward is the battle force located south of the
Amazon river. They are headquartered at the Sky RiverCaern.
They experience much fighting with the Black Spiral Dancers
of the Hell's Hand Hive.

The two Moons of this Ward are the "Red Sky" Moon and
the "Dread Claw" Moon.

(Dag Hateful Hand, War Chieftain

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 3, Law 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Past Life 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Inspiration, Razor Claws, Resist Pain,
Snarl of the Predator, Staredown, True Fear, Disquiet, Heart
of Fury, Might of Thor, Clenched Jaw

Chapter Three: People 45


Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Merits/Flaws: Huge Size (one extra Health Level)
Rank: 4

Renown: Glory 40,000, Honor 23,000, Wisdom 32,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Rager (see Players Guide); Great Klaive

Image: Standing nearly ten feet tall in Crinos form, Dag is
an intimidating sight to his opponents and most of his allies.
His fur is a deep, rusty brown with auburn highlights. His eyes
are steel gray and maintain their passion and fury even in
Homid form. Dag's body is mostly covered with tattoos, serving
as reminders of his adventures and travels. When in Homid
form, Dag is completely bald.

Roleplaying Notes: Dag is a very quiet person, preferring
not to speak unless absolutely necessary and then using as few
words as possible. He is quick to anger, reacting to ignorance
and disrespectful behavior with a sudden fury. When in a
conversation, Dag will never break eye contact. If the person
he is conversing with averts his glance, Dag will quickly point
out an inherent weakness of that person.

Background: Dag Hateful Hand is the Get of Fenris War
Chieftain of the South Ward and a very quiet person. Born in
Germany in the 1950s, Dag has spent his life since his first
Change traveling the world in search of martial adventure. He
is a born leader, never following anything but the ways of the
Garou. As a long time friend and fellow warrior to Golgol
Fangs-First, he was chosen by his friend to lead the South Ward
early on in the war. In the beginning, he accepted this position
more for the adventure than the ideals of the conflict, but has
since become a stalwart champion of the Amazon War. He
leads the South Ward with quiet glares and an iron fist. None
dare to cross him, fearing his legendary battle skills.

Dag has fought as a mercenary in many campaigns around
the world and is a fitting leader for the South Ward. The
discipline he maintains with his underlings, however harsh it

46

Rage Across the Amazon

may be, not only strengthens the pack units, but also teaches
the warriors necessary survival skills.

Jurgen Kreig, Battle Master

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Leadership 2, Survival 2,
Politics 1, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2 (other Battle Masters)

Gifts: Smell of Man, Razor Claws, The Falling Touch, Jam
Technology, Staredown, Halt the Coward's Flight, Heart of
Fury, Venom Blood

Rage 6, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: none

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 21,000, Honor 18,000, Wisdom 11,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of Wounding, Rite of
Passage, Stone of Scorn

Fetishes: Gaia's Poultice, Heart of the Spirit (as a Scar
Fetish; 3 points of Willpower), Small Klaive

Image: Jurgen is an old-battle-scarred hulk. He is a wide
man, broad-shouldered and broad-chested. He has a continual
scowl on his face, heightened by the scar running down from
the left side of his mouth and has glory pictograms carved into
his arm.

Roleplaying Notes: You are gruff, surly and cantankerous
— everything a Battle Master must be to ensure his Wargs'
survival. Yeah, renown is important to you, but even more
important is getting the job done. If any under your command


go out of their way for glory, knock them around some. They're
here to fight under your orders. If they get glory along the way,
fine, but orders come first.

Background: Jurgen was one of the second pack of Fenris to
arrive in the Amazon. He has been here for some time and
doesn't plan on leaving anytime soon. This is the most impor-
tantplace in the world, the true battleground of the Apocalypse.
Everything else pales in comparison.

He has been here too long to care much for renown, having
seen too much to be fazed by anything these days. Just doing
one's job is the most important thing to him now.

It's his personal duty to see that the new cubs put under his
command survive, at least until they get promoted to another
Battle Master's charge. He will go well out of his way to make
sure they live, but will not coddle them in any way.

Crick Rumurangler, Battle Master

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Bone Gnawer

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 2,
Expression 2, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2, Ani-
mal Ken 2, Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 1, Leadership 1, Repair 2,
Computer 2, Enigmas 1, Politics 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 2 (pack of dogs)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Cooking, Scent of the True
Form, Call to Duty, Gift of the Termite

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Merits/Flaws: Luck

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 20,000, Honor 20,000, Wisdom 30,000
Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Blanket of Peaceful Dreams, Friendship Ring,
Bouncing Rock (with sling)

Image: Crick isa lanky wolf with mottled dark spots over his
fur, giving him the look of an ugly mongrel. He keeps his fur
trim, and is well-groomed in Homid form. He feels he has to
keep up appearances so others will like him. Asa human, he is
half-Caucasian and half-Spanish, a meztico. He stands five feet
tall and weighs about 115 pounds. He appears to be in his
thirties.

Roleplaying Notes: Take things easy and slow. Rushing
things never got anyone anywhere except into trouble. Smile
and nod a lot when your superiors talk to you. Be friendly with
those under you. You never know when they'll be goin' up the
ladder and you'll be goin' down.

Background: Crick is one of the few Bone Gnawers in the
Amazon and not widely respected because of it. He commands
his unit with a sense of caution because he always seems to be
the object of criticism from somewhere, either from the War
Council or from his peers. He is cleaner than most of his tribe,
due in part to his need to impress those in the chain of
command.

Crick isa quiet type but will not allow himself to be if pushed
too far. When this happens, his competency as a warrior
becomes obvious. He also listens to the needs of those who
serve under him and tries his best to meet them ifat all possible.

He is in charge of the Warg which defends the Sky River
Caern.

Roshen One-Arm, Pack Leader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Silver Fang

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 3, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Performance 2, Medi-
cine 2, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pure Breed 3, Allies 2 (other packs in the
Warg)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Scent of Running Water, Lam-
bent Flame, Awe, Jam Technology

Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Merits/Flaws: One Arm, Metamorph

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 10,000, Honor 8,000, Wisdom 4,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Severed Arm (Level: special, Gnosis 7; this is
Roshen's old arm, turned into a fetish. It is a Crinos form arm
that Roshen uses as a club. It delivers Strength + 2 aggravated
damage when it hits).

Image: A scraggly guy of about twenty years. He is 5'2" and
weighs 120 pounds. He has a nutty looking smile and likes to
walk waving his severed arm.

Chapter Three: People 47


Roleplaying Notes: Pretend you're crazy. You get a lot of
attention that way and your enemies fear you. You know it's
just a put on, as does your pack, who plays along with you.

Background: Roshen One-Arm lost his arm in battle some
years ago. The arm, severed while he was in Crinos form, was
preserved and made intoa fetish. Now, Roshen uses it as a club
in battle, wielding the tattooed limb with no mercy against his
enemies. Each member of his pack has a severed arm tattooed
across his chest to show his membership in the Pack of the
Severed Arm.

Roshen is considered to be somewhat nuts by most people,
but he's just a Ragabash through and through. He came to the
Amazon from California, where he is a member in a Napa
Valley sept of Silver Fangs.

Freebooters

Members of this Black Furies camp were among the first to
arrive in the Amazon when the war began. They have main-
tained aconstant involvement since that time. This particular
pack is comprised of Black Furies from the African Congo,
although there are several members of other tribes who aid
them. They have been given housing in the Hollow Heart
Caern, which they use as a base camp for their expeditions.

They can often be encountered in the field, searching for
lost caerns or fetishes.

Joba Fareye

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Furies

Camp: Freebooters

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 5, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Archery 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1,
Dodge 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 1, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2,

48

Rage Across the Amazon

Firearms 4, Melee 2, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics 2 (Yanomami, Portuguese), Occult 2, Rituals 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2

Gifts: Create Element, Sense Wyrm, Heightened Senses,
Burrow, Sight From Beyond

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4

Merits/Flaws: Daredevil

Metis Disfigurement: Fragile Claws

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 10,000, Honor 7,000, Wisdom 4,000

Rites: Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Unveiled Glen

Fetishes: Bane Arrows (quiver of 20), Bane Skin, Small
Klaive

Image: In Homid form, Ioba is a thin black woman about
5°3" in height. In Lupus form, she is a thin black wolf. In her
natural Crinos form, she stands nine feet tall with black fur.
She wears gloves in all forms to protect her claws, for it hurts
touse her fragile natural weaponry. She appears to be in her late
teens.

Roleplaying Notes: Always be on the lookout for danger
and adventure. You are a wide-eyed girl, always ready for
excitement. Laugh a lot when you talk.

Background: Ioba arrived in the Amazon two months ago,
joining her pack at the Hollow Heart Caern. She had already
learned two of the local languages and was ready for explora-
tion. She is angry and disappointed to discover the rules down
here. Golgol, for instance, will only allow her pack to leave the
camp when he thinks it is safe. She has yet to get into the deep
jungle. It is her dream to discover a lost city of the Incas or an

older caern of some sort.

She isalmost to the point of forging ahead without her pack,
tired of waiting for them. Ifany packs are heading into the deep
jungle, she will try to join them, bribing them with promises of
great treasures which she claims only she can find.


The Ghost Raptor Pack

Hidden in a secret, dark recess of the jungle rumored to be
an abandoned Bastet domain, a pack of Garou follow the
Ahroun known only as "White Father." These 12 Garou of
mixed breeds and tribes, and the Kinfolk who have come to
follow them, are warriors par excellance.

The Ghost Raptors are a group of Theurges, Ragabash, and
Ahrouns who follow Uktena as their pack totem and were
among the first packs to arrive in the Amazon. They were
assigned a command of their own, an elite unit with orders to
wreak havoc behind enemy lines as much as possible. They
went into the bush and have subsequently ignored all calls for
them to return.

The Ghost Raptor pack would be an incredible ally to the
main force of Garou in the Amazon War. Golgol and the War
Council, however, have declared them "rogue." They are due
for judgment. Only the continuing conflict keeps the War
Council from calling a hunt and performing various punish-
ment Rites on them once they are captured.

The identity of "White Father" is not known, but the Ghost
Raptors serve him as they would serve a god: living, fighting,
and even dying at his command. Some of the information on
White Father seems to point to the idea that one of the Garou
in the Raptors has become infected with a Bane and now seeks
toset himself up asa deity to be worshipped by the other Garou.

The Raptors keep their home a secret, although rumors that
they have supply caches all over the Amazon are probably true.

No one is quite sure how the Ghost Raptors stand in the
War. They are certainly an effective fighting force, however.
The Raptors are prone to appear out of the mists without
warning, striking hard before retreating. They will leave no
sign of their ever having been there. The only evidence of their
actions will be the corpses that litter the ground. They are often
sighted in battles near the Balam's Den Realms. Lately they
have begun the disturbing practice of breaking up Moot Rites
by disrupting the proceedings with distracting, but harmless,
explosions. Figures dart through the Moot and disappear into
the shadows. A group of Ghost Raptors broke into one of the
fetish storehouses last month and burned every last fetish to
ashes with an as-yet-unidentified Gift. Why they would attack
their own kind in this fashion is beyond the War Council.
Golgol is growing impatient with the need to deal with the
Raptors once and for all.

Many tales whisper of their powers and legendary adven-
tures. Some say they have befriended the Bastet and can
traverse their domains with impunity. Some also say that they
have befriended the Incarna Panthesilea, the warrior-spirit of
the Amazon, and serve her as well as Uktena. This might
explain why they brand their flesh with the symbol of the
labrys, a double-headed axe. Furthermore, it is whispered that
they have personally been responsible for the destruction of
several Pentex outposts and the elimination of a few pieces of
heavy machinery. They have also stolen two Bell jet helicop-
ters from Pentex.

Chapter Three: People 49

The werecats refuse to tell the Garou anything about the
Raptors, saying that they are noble and good warriors, if
nothing else. The Mokolé are also close-mouthed about them.
Golgol believes that the Raptors have made allies of these two
groups, and feels that they may be working for their interests in
some way.

They are considered loose cannons and not a few raids on
Pentex have gone awry because of their untimely appearance.
Golgol would like to have these crack warriors under his
command. Failing that, he would rather have them punished
and perhaps even killed ifnecessary. Now that they have begun
to interfere with the Garou presence in the Amazon directly,
Golgol feels that he might soon have to divert necessary war
resources to hunting these rogues down and dealing with them.

Background

The Ghost Raptors have a compound in the deep jungle
that is an abandoned Den-Realm. They have several weapons
and supply caches throughout the Amazon Basin and have
scouts who keep a watch on Pentex's every move. They do not
serve Gaia in this matter, however. They have been contacted
by Panthesilea through their leader, White Father, a Theurge
accustomed to being possessed by that spirit regularly.

Panthesilea is an incredible warrior in her own right and has
been responsible for the reasoned, regular fashion with which
her Garou conduct themselves. She has become alarmed at the
number of fetishes, talens and spirit thralls that the Garou have
been making in the Amazon. Her Pack has been directed to go
forth and prevent further destruction of the spiritual environ-
ment. White Father also directs the Ghost Raptors to help any
Garou they can without revealing themselves too much or
revealing the secret location of their home domain.

Through Panthesilea's blessing, the Raptors enjoy very
good relations with the indigenous people and the indigenous
weres. This is the secret of their success. Local workers provide
them with detailed knowledge of the layout of the Pentex
facilities, allowing them to move in a small force and get the
most out of their manpower. Because they have limited
resources as a group, the Ghost Raptors have had to learn to
make the most of what supplies and equipment they have, in
addition to "acquiring" from Pentex exactly what they need.
While one of the helicopters they have stolen has been
reduced to a rusted hulk by the humidity and poor conditions
of the jungle, the other one still functions. A Glass Walker
mechanic has imbued the helicopter with an Owl totem spirit
and the group uses it for night raids. A side effect of this is that
the helicopter is completely silent in operation and is easily
navigated in the dark. Unfortunately, they cannot get the
helicopter to start during the day. The Owl isa nocturnal spirit.

The chief problem the Ghost Raptors face is that their
leader, White Father, has been exposed to too much toxic
waste and radiation. He will soon die. There is no clear second-
in-command within the Pack. The Ghost Raptors face
extinction if they cannot decide among themselves who will
command this elite corps. The most prominent contenders for
the position of leader are a Shadow Lord Ragabash named


Orson Bladewalker, a Silver Fang Ahroun named Uthor
Bitesilver, and a Black Fury Theurge named Dione
Shadowbreeze.

Lately, the Uktena pack totem has been warning them that
the Wyrm seeks to infiltrate them. This has made the Raptors
very uneasy. They will often cause a delay a few minutes before
helping anyone (including player characters) while a pack
memberscans them with Sense the Unnatural orat least Sense
Wyrm. They will still be very distrustful of any Garou since
they are technically outlaws and wanted for punishment.

Chunder Tiger

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Stargazers

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness (ambushes) 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge (bodyguard) 4, Expression 1, Empathy 3, Intimidation 1,
Primal-Urge (tracking prey) 4, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 1, Melee 1, Leadership 2, Stealth 3, Survival (jungle) 4,
Kailindo (Leaping Kick) 4, Enigmas 1, Medicine 3, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Familiar Spirit 4 (East Wind; gives +2 Dodge),
Past Lives 1, Pack Totem 2

Gifts: Balance, Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Inner
Strength, Leap of the Kangaroo, Sense the Unnatural, Silver
Claws, Whispering Wind, Shriek (Level Two Bastet Gift),

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 25,000, Honor 9,500, Wisdom 7,500

Fetishes: Tiger-Scar (Level 2, Gnosis 5; a gift from
Panthesilea, this is a mark of great pride and respect. Thunder
Tiger is at -2 to any Social roll difficulty with the Bastet)

Image: In Lupus form, Thunder Tiger is a gray wolf with
yellow eyes. He hasa large scar-like marking on his flank in the

‘

7

MN (

[

Nal
unites

'

Ns
SS

shape of a leaping tiger. In Homid form, the tiger-scar trans-
forms to a tiger tattoo marking him as a member of the East
Wind school of Kailindo. He dresses in the battered fatigues
the Ghost Raptors ordinarily wear.

Roleplaying Notes: Thunder Tiger usually grunts replies to
all questions asked of him and uses the least number of words
necessary. He continually watches all those around him, even
when not on duty.

Background: Thunder Tiger was born in the Pacific North-
westand went through the First Change alone in the wilderness.
His cries of anguish attracted a Theurge Stargazer named
Windsinger. Windsinger took the young pup to a mountain
hideaway and befriended him. He was taught how to wear the
Homid shape comfortably, and eventually began to train
Thunder Tiger for the destiny that Windsinger had seen for
him in a precognitive vision.

Thunder Tiger received his name from his Kailindo tutor,
Sharpened Breeze. Because of Tiger's natural instincts and his
fluid dexterity, he was a perfect study for the disciplines of
Kailindo. The warrior was able to channel his Rage well and
could "concentrate in the now-time of eternal vigilance."

When Windsinger's pack, the Ghost Raptors, decided to
travel to the Amazon, Thunder Tiger asked to be one of the
Raptors and was willingly accepted. He grew in rank with the
pack as they began their tour of duty in the Amazon, soon
becoming one of the chief bodyguards of White Father.

When the pack first met the Bastet, he quickly bested their
champion. Windsinger was accorded the honor of being Chief
Guardian of White Father and elevated in rank. His van-
quished foe taught him one of her ancient Gift-secrets, the
werejaguar's Shriek.

Thunder Tiger is perhaps too devoted to his position as a
bodyguard. He will quite literally do anything to protect White
Father from harm. He will challenge anyone to defend White
Father's honor. It is this foolhardy fanaticism which gets
Thunder Tiger into trouble, but it is also this loyalty which has
brought him so far so quickly in the pack's hierarchy. None
among the Ghost Raptors will challenge him, although he
rarely asserts his own dominance.

Thunder Tiger is a potent warrior, and his level of expertise
is commensurate with the Ghost Raptors pack. They are an
elite fighting force, and there is no room for the weak amongst
them.

Native Uktena

Most of the few native Uktena live at the Caern of Rain
Spirits. In all the Amazon, there are only six natives left. There
were not many to begin with and most have been killed in the
war.

50 Rage Across the Amazon

Jubati

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Uktena

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 4, Stealth 3, Survival 5,
Enigmas 3, Occult 2, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Balam and Mokolé), Mentor 4
(native elder)

Gifts: Smell of Man, Blur of the Milky Eye, Shroud, Spirit
of the Fish, Alter Scent

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 5

Merits/Flaws: Phobia (Mild): Heavy Machinery

Rank: 2

Renown: Glory 6,000, Honor 13,000, Wisdom 8,000

Rites: Questing Stone, Talisman Dedication, Rite of Cleans-
ing, Rite of Binding, Rite of Sprit Awakening, Ritual of
Summoning

Fetishes: Tsansti's Blowgun (Level 4, Gnosis 7; this 10 foot
long blowgun once belonged to a local Uktena hero. It has
some magical abilities associated with it: a range of 40 yardsand
adamage Pool of 5 dice, used for penetrating armor only. Jubati
has 15 darts); Curare (see Drugs and Poisons, in Appendix One;
there is enough of this poison for 10 blowdarts); Ayahuasca
(see Drugs and Poisons, in Appendix One; one gourd full of the
mystical drug)

Image: In Homid form, Jubatf is a Native Indian of the
Yanomami tribe. He is 4'7" and weighs 100 pounds. His body
is painted with many of the war and beauty marks of his tribe.
In Lupus, he is a sleek wolf with reddish fur.

Chapter Three: People

Roleplaying Notes: You used to smile a lot, for you were
happy. Now the world is dying and you are very sad. Your
friends worry about you, warning you to "not let Harano take
you." You cannot stop worrying. Let Harano come.

Background: Jubatf lived in the first village that Pentex
took over when they entered the jungle, the very place where
the Black Frost pack died. He had fled when the machines first
came. They scared him like nothing he had ever seen. When
he returned and discovered the machines living in his village,
he went to visit Atahualpa, his Bastet friend who lived in her
realm near the village, and was horrified to discover what she
had become. He barely escaped her trap and fled to the Caern
of Rain Spirits, where the rest of his tribe lived.

Since the outsider Garou have come, he has felt a little
better. They worry him with their strange and destructive
ways, but they are here to help, aren't they? More than
anything, though, he cannot help but dwell on the loss of his
homeandhis Bastet friend. Ifhe is given the chance tosave her,
he would take it.

Pentex.

Pack your bags full of guns and ammunition

Bills fall due for the industrial revolution

Scorch the earth till the Earth surrenders.

— Midnight Oil, "Mountains of Burma"

Pentex doesnot advertise its activities in the Amazon. It has
hidden its own existence in the jungle by staging its operations
through various companies. Their main company in the region
is knownas the Developers Forestry Group. Despite the name,
this company specializes in clearcutting large areas. Ostensi-
bly, it isa conglomeration of manufacturers, each specializing
in a line of forest management equipment. Bulldozers, chain
saws, and even defoliant chemicals are all marketed. In actu-
ality, it isa Pentex holding company, an excuse to pull all their
deforestation schemes into one corporate entity.

The DFG won the major bidding from the Brazilian govern-
ment to clearcut Amazon Basin forests for cattle farming. The
meat from the cattle is sold to fast food restaurants all over the
world (and a large percentage going to O'Tolley's).

DFG was Elliot Meiche's brain child. In his international
efforts to deforest the world, the Amazon would have been his
majoraccomplishment. DFG'sactivities weren'tsecret enough.
The Garou found out. Since the war has broken out, Meiche
has been pulled out of DFG management and Robert Allred
has been given the task of directing the war effort from afar.
DFG is now, more than anything else, a front for Pentex's First
Teams.

Pentex South American Headquarters is located in Rio de
Janeiro. From there, finances and construction were overseen
for the manufacture of the DFG Headquarters near Manaus.
DFGalsomaintainsstorage facilitiesand warehouses in Manaus'
port.

Among the other companies Pentex operates in the region
is Harold & Harold Mining, Inc. This international mining

51


Pentex Organization
© Basic unit: the First Team (commanded by a Ser-
geant). Avg. 5
Types of Teams: Assault, Ranger, Support
e A Platoon (commanded by a Lieutenant). Avg. 20
Consists of four First Teams, usually including two
Assault and one Ranger. HQ platoons have one Assault
and two Support.
¢ A Company (commanded by a Captain). Avg. 80
Consists of four platoons.
¢ A Battalion (commanded by a Colonel). Avg. 160

Consists of an HQ and 2 companies

company is tearing apart the Andes in search of precious
metals and gems. They are aided in their efforts by burrowing
Black Spiral Dancers. The war has caused Pentex to place a
platoon of First Teams near their Andean operations to protect
them from Garou assaults.

Magadon, Inc. has a laboratory in the Amazon. Their
official story is that they are researching the rare plant life of the
Amazon and searching for cures to humankind's deadliest
diseases. They are actually digging up the plants to discover
deadly new toxins and addictive drugs. Their laboratory is also
guarded by First Teams.

Rainbow, Inc. is also involved in the Amazon, although
they are now headquartered in Rio. They no longer own a
factory in the region. Instead, individual natives spend the year
collecting rubber from the trees, rolling them into large balls,
taking them down river to Manaus and selling them to
Rainbow. The company's main efforts are currently in Indone-
sia, although the company began when Pentex bought out the
holdings of a Manaus rubber baron.

Promotion

Besides the normal promises of power and revenge on their
enemies, one thing drives the First Teams of the Amazon: the
chance of promotion. Promotion allows a First Teamer not
only the chance to boss around those of lesser rank, but also a
two-week vacation in Rio. The chance to get away from the
war for even two weeks has First Teamers fighting among
themselves for that valued promotion.

Three things are judged when considering a soldier for
promotion: kills, cunning and corruption. The number of kills
they have to their name is very important. They prove the
valor of the First Teamer, or at least his sheer insanity. Garou
kills are valued highly. Cunning is another trait which is well
rewarded, although harder to judge. Those First Teamers who
have devised unique or ingenious methods of ambushing or
fooling the Garou are considered to have meritorious cunning.
Finally, corruption is considered. The amount of damage a First
Teamer has done to the rain forest is tallied and rewards are
given for extreme destruction, especially if toxic waste was
involved.

Promotion is measured in military ranks: private, corporal,
sergeant, and so on. The highest promotion is from major to
executive. The soldier has effectively been given an executive
position with the company, a cushy office job with high salary
and retirement plan. This is the dream of most fomori. Few
achieve it. The carrot is dangled before the soldier's nose. The
Pentex executives do not like giving office jobs to uncouth

Banksy Shavrack, Chief

Regional Officer ("Crow")

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 5,
Subterfuge 5, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Leadership 5,
Computer 3, Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics (Spanish,
Portuguese) 2, Occult 1, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Resources 5, Mentor 4 (Robert Allred),
Contacts 5, Allies 5

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

52 Rage Across the Amazon

Rage 0, Gnosis 1, Willpower 10

Equipment: Mini-Uzi submachine gun with three clips of
silver bullets.

Image: A tall, thin, clean shaven man with perfectly
groomed black hair. His eyes are steel-gray and his glare is
intense. He never blinks when talking to others. Never. He
wearsa fine suit, whatever is in fashion at the moment, and has
a Rolex. He always has a briefcase with him and hides an Uzi
inside it.

Roleplaying Notes: You wonder why other people have a
hard time keeping their cool. You have no trouble whatsoever
in keeping your emotions bottled up. You know that to show
any kind of emotion — other than what you want to show, of
course — is the ultimate sign of weakness.

Background: Joseph Sheldan was one of the most feared
corporate raiders on Wall Street before he took a high-
powered jobwith Endron Oil. The tragic accident that took his
life ona deep-sea derrick was well-publicized. Thus, Joseph was
put to rest and Barnaby was born, a whole new identity for the
hot-shot Pentex executive. Joseph... er, Barnaby, didn't care if
his public life was gone. The raw power of his new position was
enough to occupy him.

When his good friend and mentor, Robert Allred, moved
him down to the Amazon to clean up one of Elliot Meiche's
mistakes, he knew he was on a stepping stone to the Board.
Barnaby knows his job and his future is riding on his perfor-
mance here, so he's not about to let a bunch of furry animals on
two legs get in the way. No, the Garou will simply have to step
aside for his interests. Of course, Barnaby knew they wouldn't,
and that just gave him a chance to show a good kill ratio to his
superiors. Why the ratio isn't as good as expected is beginning
to trouble him.

Regional Board

Catherine Snodgrass: Catherine (Ms. Snodgrass to you)
has never taken any **** from anyone. She was practically
born to her present job. Quick and decisive decisions are her
forte. She had been the president of a shipping company, and
when the company was bought out by Pentex Inc., she decided
not to take her lay-off sitting down. She marched into the
Headquarters and demanded to see "who's in charge." The
security guard smiled and led the way. All those stairs down
were odd (the basement was deep...) She figured the top man
was down here looking over the operations. The guard assured
her that it was but a minor malfunction when the lights went
out, and he turned on his flashlight for her. Then she heard the
growling, like a mad dog waiting in the darkness. She knew
she'd been fooled, but she didn't run. She charged. She
knocked the guard over and into something moving. He
screamed as he was tom to pieces. Again, she didn't run.
Instead, she leaped onto the beast and fought it to the ground.
Those years of self-defense training came in handy, and her
attitude gave her an edge. The monster didn't stand a chance.

Finally, the beast quit struggling. She could hear him talking
as his voice was muffled in the floor: "C'mon, lady, get offame."
She jumped off in surprise. There was now just a man there, a
rather hairy guy. He walked her back upstairs, explaining that
he was a werewolf and that he liked her style. Soon she was
recommended for a position in Pentex by a Black Spiral
Dancer.

Over the next five years, she rose in the ranks and was finally
granteda high-level position in the Rio office. The waractually
thrills her, and she is convinced Pentex will win here easily.
Catherine tends to dominate the board meetings.

Robert C. Barnacre: Robert, while no stranger to the
corporate world, is still a little unsure of his present employers.
They are all awfully odd, what with some changing into wolves
while others routinely leak pus from their joints. It's enough to
give most people a nervous breakdown. Robert is too profes-
sional for that. He does his job and does it well. That's why he's
where he is today in a top-level executive position. Sure, he
knows that just about everything his company does is illegal,
but he also knows all the ways around that. Hell, doesn't every
company bend the rules a little?

What Robert hasn't realized is that the company is annoyed
with him for not doing more to fit in. Robert has been singled
out for some mysterious purpose by Lethargg, the Urge of
Apathy. No one dares disturb him.

Bethany Kiker: Bethany is the spoiled daughter of James
Kiker, member of the Pentex Board of Directors. She knows
nothing about being an executive and doesn't care. She
demanded that daddy get her a job in Rio, and so he did. She
comes to all the board meetings but doesn't really listen to
what's going on there. She's too busy thinking about shopping.
She's well aware of the disgusting monsters who work for
"daddy's company," but she's seen them in the movies before,
so they must be real. She's sure every company has secret
monsters working for them.

Chapter Three: People 53


Salazar Eustis: Salazar used to be a standup comedian, but
he was a miserable failure. He just wasn't funny. Because of his
addiction to gambling, he owed a lot of people a lot of money,
and they wanted it right away. Salazar fled to South America
and eventually became a foreman at Harold & Harold Mining
Company's operation in the Andes. He got quite a reputation
as a cruel taskmaster. Then one day, he got drunk and wan-
dered into the minesat night. He had never met the mysterious
nightshift who dida hell ofa lot of digging at night. He thought
he'd just go say "hi" to them. They weren't pleased to see him.

The only thing that saved Salazar from death at the claws of
the Black Spirals was his bad jokes. As they toyed with him,
cutting him a little here and there, he went a bit nuts and
started spouting his club act. In minutes, he had the Black
Spirals rolling in the dirt, clutching their stomachs and almost
choking on their own laughter.

This debacle quickly brought him to the attention of Robert
Allred. Allred, always on the lookout for someone who could
control the mad Garou, promoted Salazar to the Regional
Board ona lark. Salazar has done surprisingly well, and anytime
another board member threatens to screw him over, he invites
his Black Spiral buddies to the boardroom fora few laughs. The
board members shut up awful quick.

Dean Herburger: Dean was the premiere salesman for a
high-priced L.A. advertising firm until he went to that weird
party and took those strange drugs. The next thing he knew, he
was ina state hospital with the blood of 10 people on his hands.
He was going to fry in the chair as soon as the doctors declared

him "sane." But Herburger was considered a valuable asset to
Pentex, so the underpaid doctors were given handsome sums
to lock Herburger up in a maximum security loony bin for life.
Of course, Herberger is not in his cell, he's now in Rio sitting
onthe Regional Board. He's still gota very good feel for selling,
too. He can easily convince the other board members to see his
way on most things... except when he has those flashbacks...

Deborah Garcia: Deborah ran away from home at 16 and
came to Rio. It was such a beautiful city and her life was
wondrous fora time. It was all one big party until the one night
she got drunk in the wrong part of town. Her date dumped her
near the poor shantytowns. She was a bit scared, for she had
never seen this side of Rio. Poor people stared out of tin shacks
at her as she stumbled past. But nothing could happen to her
— this was still Rio, right?

The Seeder Bane hunting in the shantytown came across
her and knew it had found a prize. She was dragged screaming
into the Umbra and experienced the torture of a new birth —
as a fomor. When the Bane spat her back into the physical
world, she was crazed and enraged. By the time the Pentex First
Team finally arrived to retrieve her, she had killed eight
children. They took her back to Pentex Headquarters and
trained her in her new role as a fomor. She exhibited amazing
command abilities akin to the vampires' domination powers.

She rose in the ranks quickly, and Pentex discovered that
her powers of command could come in handy in an executive

Ve

54 Rage Across the Amazon

position, so she was promoted to the Regional Board. In times
of stress, she reverts back to the personality ofa 16 year old girl.

Samuel Jehosaphat Linedecker: Samuel began his career
at Pentex as nothing more than a janitor. Responding to a
temp assignment, he arrived at the Toronto HQand was given
the task of waxing the basement laboratory floors. Pentex was
careless. Samuel did not have a security clearance for that
level. The guards let him in, simply assuming that he was
cleared. The Banes don'tassume anything. Samuel was discov-
ered by the guards later. They tried everything, but even
high-powered stomach pumps could not get that "thing" out of
him.

The horrible "thing", ChemBatch #373 to be exact, got to
be good friends with its new host. It told its host many
things. ..special things...secret things about the Toronto ex-
ecutives. Samuel was not above bribery, and soon he had
landed a cushy job as an executive on a regional board— in
Rio! Finally, a vacation.

They hadn't told him about the war and the danger of Garou
guerrilla attacks. ChemBatch #373 knows nothing about
being an executive, so Samuel has to pretend that he knows
what he's doing most of the time. He hopes the others don't
catch on.

lap Vlliw, "Misses-Reveille', First Team
Leader

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 2, Enigmas 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4 (Hell's Hand Hive), Past Life 3

Gifts: Smell of Man, Call of the Wyld, Shroud, Staredown,
Ears of the Bat, Foaming Fury

Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Merits/Flaws: Dark Secret (see below)

Rank: 3

Renown: Power 15,000, Cunning 11,000, Infamy 25,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: The Black Pistol (Level 6, Gnosis 8; this is a
standard issue, old US army .45 Colt automatic, painted black.
It takes normal load ammunition, but...does things to these
bullets. Once a bullet passes down the barrel of this baby, it
won't stop going until it tastes blood. All attack and damage
Dice Pools are normal, but the bullet will keep flying around its
target until it hits or is destroyed. The owner of this gun can fire
his full clip and not hit once. The bullets will keep swarming
around their target until they hit. Keep making attack rolls for
each bullet every round until every bullet hits. The bullets can
be fooled, but exactly how is up to the Storyteller).

Image: In Homid form, Elap is lanky and thin with long red
hair. He has an unnerving smile and glare. There's madness in
those eyes. In Lupus, he is a reddish wolf with the same ill glare.

Roleplaying Notes: You area quiet person. To say anything
may give your secret away. They must not know your secret.
Until it is revealed, be very cagey around snoops and nosy
superiors.

Background: Elap had his first Change at the age of nine.
Before he could tell anyone, the Black Spirals came and
kidnapped him from his parent's Irish farm and took him by
boat to their dread caern in Scotland. Elap remembers very
little of his Rite of Passage and successive life. When he finally
returned to some semblance of sanity, he found that he was an
honored and respected Black Spiral Dancer. He did not know
why. He could remember nothing.

He has pieced together some facts from hearsay. Elap was
privy to some very special lore from the Wyrm itself. No one
knows what this secret is, but they all want to be his friend for
when he reveals it. A lot of young Spirals have kissed up to him
in hopes of his favor. He knows that when they find out he
forgot, they'll tear him to pieces. He hides his ignorance around
others, desperately afraid of what will happen to him.

To get away from prying ears, he joined Pentex for their
Amazon War. This only made things worse. Other Garou
rushed down to the Hell's Hand Hive, sure that the secret
would be revealed in the War. He's trying now to get sent on
a mission to keep him well away from any other Black Spirals.

Pentex HQ Personnel

Charley Riley (Chief Engineer): Riley is an expert engi-
neer, adept at designing functional facilities that maximize the
amount of waste to dump. He is a devout and almost religious
servant of those Maeljin Incarna who regulate the Elemental
Wyrms. He does not know it yet, but he has a horrid disease
which is eating him away from inside. This disease can only be

Chapter Three: People 55


detected on the Umbra, and thus has not been discovered. It
is already too late for a cure, and when Riley finds out about it,
he will probably freak out and attempt to destroy his factory in
vengeance. How could his patrons have allowed this? He does
not realize that this disease is the reward for his loyalty.

Doctor George Bernard (Head Scientist): Director of the
local Project Iliad. Bernard's life's work is to create breeds of
fomori thatshare the same characteristics from parent to child.
Bernard is jubilant over the war, a perfect chance for him to try
out new fomori breeds. The constant casualties in the war have
caused his superiors to give him carte blanche in his experi-
ments. All the First Teams fear him, living in terror of being
summoned to his labs for "reconfiguring". Bernard is con-
stantly trying to improve on past creations.

He has hordes of Banes to makes deals with. He promises
them a permanent material form in return for allowing him to
alter their natures. He is continually attempting to create the
perfect mix of Wyrm and human.

Bernard's partner, Dr. Elise Bornman, the director of Project
Odyssey, is currently stationed in Rio. From there, she is able
to track potential psychics for recruitment.

Mel Westerburg (Foreman): Mel is a regular kind of guy
except for his Iliad altered muscles which give him the strength
to lift steel girders as if they were paperweights. He is a fair
foreman, but somewhat racist to the local natives who have
been conscripted into service. He does not like it when other
officials give his crew orders and will side with his men over the
"suits" in any dispute. His loyalty to Pentex as a whole,
however, is unquestioned. He believes his retirement plan will
allow him to go to Hollywood with his muscles and become a
star. He does not realize that Pentex will never allow him to
leave the company.

Atahualpa, ‘Blood of the Incas" - Corrupt
Bastet

Tribe: Balam

Breed: Feline

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 2,
Etiquette 1, Stealth 5, Survival 4, Area Knowledge 3, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics (English, native Yanomami) 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Pride 3 (corrupt Jaguars), Den Realm 2 (9
square miles, Gauntlet 6)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Catfeet, Eyes of the
Cat, Sense of the Prey, Call the Pride

Fomori Powers: Lashing Tail, Roar of the Wyrm

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Dragon's Ichor (3 applications), Soul Ruby (gives
the following: Science 2, Black Spiral Sign Language 2,
Computer 1)

Image: Atahualpa appears to be a very sick jaguar. Her fur
is falling out in patches and she has an incessant cough. These
are all effects from the Bane which inhabits her body. In Homid
form, she is from an almost extinct Incan blood line. She
appears as a local native with very pure bred features and is
twenty five years old.

Roleplaying Notes: Pace about often. You are a jaguar ina
cage. Your own home has become your hell. That's what you
got for staying to defend it. You now fight the Bane within you
to control your actions. Snarl and growl to the unjust skies.

Background: Atahualpa's Den Realm is in the Umbra right
where Pentex decided to build its headquarters. She tried with
allhermight, but could notstop them. Herrealm isnowahome
to Banes, which have possessed Atahualpa and her pride. She
is desperate for escape, but most days she cannot remember her
real identity and her place in Gaia's plan. The Bane is winning
possession of her.

She knows only one way out now: to attack as many Garou
as she can. Atahualpa hopes they are fierce enough to kill her
and give her peace. The cursed Bane will not allow this. It has
aself-preservation motive and has caused her to run wounded
from two battles. She is mustering all her will for the next fight
to ensure that she dies on that field.

The Balam

The werejaguars are usually very individualistic creatures,
staking out their own territories (the Den-Realms) and keep-
ing away unwanted intruders. The war has caused many of
them to come together and formulate a fighting force of their

Rage Across the Amazon

own, or at least a method by which they can work together.
Black Claw, one of the highest ranking among them, has been
chosen as their war leader. In his realm four other Balam are
following his lead in the war.

Throughout the whole Amazon Basin there are about 22
Balam, but they are separated from each other and tend to
ignore the war, except where it impinges on their borders.

Black Claw

Tribe: Balam

Breed: Feline

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 3, Area Knowledge 4, Enigmas 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Pride 5 (Jaguars), Kinfolk 2 (Yanomami
natives), Den Realm 3 (27 square miles, Gauntlet 8)

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Eyes
of the Cat, Eerie Eyes, Call the Pride, Shriek, Trackless Waste,
Attunement, Walking Between Worlds, Song of the Great
Beast (Black Claw can summon a Hoplophoneus, or a saber-
tooth tiger. This creature is huge and vicious; stats are left to the
Storyteller)

Rage 8, Gnosis 3, Willpower 7

Rank: 5

Rites: Taghairm Rite, Rite of Fealty, Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Skin of the Toad (Level 4, Gnosis 5; this is the
shedded skin of a giant poisonous toad. Black Claw will pull it
from his pouch, wrap it about his hand over a grass glove, and
then rake his foe with his other claw. After he has opened a
wound, he will touch this glove to it, thus introducing the
poison into his foe's body. The victim must make a Stamina roll
against a difficulty of 8 or lose three Health Levels per touch).

Chapter Three: People

Image: Black Claw is very large and muscular in all forms
from human to jaguar. His Homid form appears to be a
Yanomami and he also wears the garb of this tribe.

Roleplaying Notes: Youare aster cat. Unlike your fellows,
you don't like to play with the others often. You are too angry
and would tear them to pieces. No, you must reserve your rage
for the invaders, both Pentex and Garou. You will not speak to
any werewolves except a native Garou or an acknowledged
leader of at least pack leader status.

Background: Black Claw has always been a respected cat,
for he stood up against the homids long ago. The rest of the
Balam thought there was little to fear from the apes. Now he
is bitter at the losses in battle. The Balam's overconfidence is
affecting their strategy. Those Balam who have sworn obei-
sance to him through the Rite of Fealty must follow his orders
explicitly or they will be thrown from his realm.

He is enraged at Golgol's arrogance and imperialism. If it
were not for Golgol, in fact, the Garou might have allied with
Black Claw longago. Now they suffer Black Claw's raids, forhe
will not rest until all outsiders are thrust from the jungle.

The Mokole

The Mokolé are trying to remain noncombatants in the
war, but encroachment into their nests has caused a few to go
on the rampage. A few First Teams have disappeared in the
jungle, never to be seen again. They are the victims of
marauding werecrocodiles and cannot compete against the
Mokolé's superior knowledge of the jungle.

The Mokolé are somewhat confused about the issues in-
volved in the war. They realize that Pentex is very bad, but all
of them have a deep-seated fear and hatred of the Garou. The
wisest among them, Nyi (see Players Guide), is considering an
alliance with Garou, but is unsure how to approach them. She
is hoping they will approach the Mokolé first.

There are about 33 Mokolé in the entire Amazon Basin,
gathered into seven family groups. Nyi's family resides in
Grrrash tak'nyrrr. It consists of four adults and two new
hatchlings, including the young adult Song-Of-Younger-Days.

Song-OFYounger-Days

Breed: Suchid

Aspect: The Rising Sun, "Strike"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Animal Ken 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Mnesis 2, Kinfolk (crocodiles) 2

Gifts: Bellow, Heightened Senses, Razor Claws

Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Willpower 4

Rank: 1

Archid Characteristics: Terrible Claws (on feet), Bipedal
Walking, Great Speed (add five to Dexterity for movement)

57


Special: +1 Initiative
Fetishes: none

Image: In Archid form, Song-Of-Younger-Days appears as
a seven foot tall Velociraptor. In Homid form, he looks like a
Native Indian. In Suchid, he is a normal looking river reptile.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a watchful and quick-witted
guardian of the nest. You don't speak much. Words are not
important to you. You can communicate well enough with a
sharp-toothed grin or a slash of your claws.

Background: Song-Of-Younger-Days is the youngest adult
in his family group at Grrrash tak'nyrrr, but he is certainly the
most energetic. While the rest wish to wallow in the mud, he
wants to hunt. He has already caught many apes wandering too
close to the nest. They were strange apes who stank of
corruption and darkness. They tasted bad.

Nyi has asked Song-Of-Younger-Days not to attack any
Garou who come near in case they want to make friends. Song-
Of- Younger-Days will never disobey Nyi, but he has neverseen
a Garou before. He understands what a wolf looks like and will
leave them alone; but he will attack any human shape he finds,
even a Garou in Homid form.

Animals

There are many unique animals living in the Amazon Rain
Forest. The sheer amount of diversity in even a small region is
unbelievable. Below are a few animals that can provide a
danger to others. Dice-rolling combat encounters can be built
around these. The Storyteller should also keep in mind that
specific animals might be chosen by the Wyrm to do its
bidding. These infected creatures would have altered or greater
statistics.

Allanimals have a minimum Survival 2 and Primal-Urge 2.

Anaconda

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2, Perception 2

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3

Attacks: Constriction attack: once a successful overbear
has been done, the Anaconda can squeeze for Str + 2 damage.
Bite: damage is based on Strength.

Health Levels: 0/-2/-5

These snakes can grow to 25 feet in length. They are not
venomous; they instead constrict their prey, squeezing small
animals and birds to death. They are members of the boa
family, and live either in trees or rivers.

Jaguar

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Perception 2

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Stealth 2

Attacks: Rake: Strength + 2. Bite: Strength +2.

Health Levels: normal

Supreme hunters, jaguars are spotted big cats. They hunt
from trees, which means they drop down on prey in surprise
attacks. While they are residents of the rain forests, jaguars
range as far north as Mexico and even Texas. Many Amazo-
nian jaguars are Kinfolk to the Balam werejaguars.

Crocodiles

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Perception |

Abilities: (normal/in water) Athletics 2/3, Brawl 2/3,
Dodge 1/2, Intimidation 4

Attacks: Bite: Strength + 3 (yikes! ). Tail thrash: Strength
as damage (difficulty 7).

Health Levels: normal

Armor: One die.

These leftovers from the Cretaceous period are scary look-
ing creatures, but are rather tame unless they are hungry or
threatened. In combat, they are not the sluggish reptiles most
people believe them to be: they are surprisingly fast. Many
Amazonian crocs are Kinfolk to the Mokolé.

Electric Eel

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1, Perception 1

Abilities: Athletics 2, Dodge 3

Health Levels: -2/-3/ -5

Attacks: Electric discharge (600 volts up to 25 yards away;
only in water): roll Stamina + Athletics, difficulty 6. Anyone
in the water must then try to soak the number of successes; if
any damage gets through then the victim takes one point of
aggravated damage, regardless of how much damage actually
got past the soak.

Electric Eels will use their electric discharge to stun prey
while hunting; a Garou may be affected by this accidentally.
Eels can, however, become territorial and feel the need to
defend a particular area.

Rage Across the Amazon

The electric eel can be found in still waters in many of the
tivers of the Amazon Basin. It looks like a vertically flat
combination between a snake and a fish.

Piranha

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1, Perception 1
Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4

Attacks: Bite: Strength +1, but the victim's soak roll
difficulty is raised by one due to the number of bites.

Health Levels: 0/0/ -2/ -3/ -4/ -5

The statistics here are for a swarm of piranha (generally five
to ten; add one dot per ten extra piranha that join the fray).
These vicious fish are attracted by any movement in the water:
a thrashing swimmer will summon swarms of them.

Chapter Three: People



The Pack

Packs may contain autocrats, petulant individuals, or even
cretins; and the personalities involved may make one pack more
Prussian and austere in its organization than another.

— Barry Lopez, Of Wolves and Men

The player characters, in war or during peacetime, are part
of a pack. Pack cohesion and identity are different in a war.
Warriors are not just a group, they are a rigidly defined military
unit. The pack must be able to function as one. Pack members
must protect and watch out for each other.

Pack dominance roles are intensified, and these roles are
reinforced by harsh penalties for disobedience. Each pack must
have a clearly defined leader whose commands are obeyed
without question during battle. He may be challenged later
back incamp, but on the field, all Garou must fall in line. Doing
otherwise will not only kill the individual, but the pack as well.

The Storyteller should demonstrate the importance of this
by examples of non-player character packs. It's a fine line to
walk: balancing the individuality required for creative
roleplaying with the rigid patterns imposed by dominance law.
This is really no different than roleplaying any other game of
war: soldiers always have commanders who in turn have
commanders above them. Orders will often conflict with the
desires of the heroes, but that's where dramatic conflict lies.
The Amazon War isa fractious war. Warriors are torn between

Chapter Four: Encounters

pack loyalty and the rage of individuality. The drama and
legends of the war are created from this mix of emotions.

Multi-Cribal Packs

Multi-tribal packs in the Amazon are not unusual. Most
tribes send their favored packs down to fight, but as pack
membersdie, they must be replaced by whoever can fill the gap.
Usually, this is a member of another tribe who has lost his
entire pack to the war. Over the period of the war, the original,
"pure" tribal packs have become conglomerates of many tribes.

This has added to the cohesion necessary for the Garou to
operate in the war. Inter-tribal conflict, originally a problem,
has lessened due to the mix of tribes fighting side-by-side with
each other ona regular basis. A pack witha Silver Fang, aSilent
Strider, an Uktena, a Black Fury and even a Bone Gnawer
would not be unusual.

Pack Names

All packs need names to identify themselves. In the Ama-
zon War, packs vie with each other for glory. They live to howl
their pack names around the fires of a moot. Missions are
assigned to packs, not individuals. Thus, a pack's name is a
major part of any story in the Amazon conflict. Encourage the
players to get together and name themselves.

Cravel Times

When Garou packs travel in the rain forest, they must
choose one among them to lead the way. This lead charac-
ter will make the travel rolls listed below once per day.

By Land:

Garou in Homid - Crinos form roll Intelligence +
Survival against a six difficulty. Five miles are travelled for
every success on the roll. Those in Hispo form roll against
a five difficulty, while those in Lupus roll against a four.
Natives to the region roll against a four difficulty in all
forms. A botch on the roll means the pack is lost.

If a character has Area Knowledge: Amazon, she may
know some short cuts. Add the Area Knowledge score to
the Dice Pool for the roll.

By River:

Garou must have a rudimentary skill with boating to
take this route. Roll Intelligence + Athletics against a six
difficulty. 10 miles are travelled for every success on the
roll. A Garou must be in Homid - Crinos to steer the boat,
although the Crinos form may be too heavy for fast travel,
cutting down on the number of successes for the roll. A
botch means the boat is caught in an eddy, and the pack
must spend the whole day getting it out.

By Umbra:

If a Garou is non-native to the region and is not allied
witha local totem, she must make a Wits + Enigmas roll to
successfully travel the Umbra without getting lost. The
difficulty is generally six, but this can be higher or lower
depending on familiarity with the immediate area. The
number of miles travelled per success is up to the Story-
teller; great distances can be traversed quickly at times,
while walking the length of a city block can take a full day
at other times. If the Storyteller needs to get characters a
great distance quickly, he canallow them up to 20 miles per
success.

A native or a local totem-ally can roll Intelligence +
Survival instead against a five difficulty. The number of
miles travelled per success is usually five, but this can
increase as noted above.

Stories

There were great complexes of stories , some that, strung together,
could be weeks in the telling. Other stories were told only once ina
person' lifetime.

— Barry Lopez, Giving Birth To Thunder, Sleeping
With His Daughter

Below are some story ideas, springboards for the adventures
that are to be had in the Amazon. These brief encounters are
followed by a short adventure called "Rio by Night" and the
full-length adventure "In Dreams and Nightmares." In this last
section, the pack must race to prevent Pentex from destroying
the lost city of El Dorado. They be in for a surprise when they

encounter a famous Garou enemy: Samuel Haight, "The
Skinner."

Using The Ghost Raptors

Occasionally, the players will get in over their heads. The
Ghost Raptors (see Chapter Three) make an excellent plot
device if this happens. Since the Balam continually report
Garou activity to the Ghost Raptors, they may be alerted to
your characters' fate if they are in trouble.

There are other possible stories involving the Raptors:

A Battle Master may decide it is time to deal with the Ghost
Raptors once and for all and send the pack after them. This will
involve an "Apocalypse Now" sort of story where the players
must penetrate the deepest parts of the jungle, skirting the
Mokolé and the Balam and attempting to locate the secret
domain of the Raptors.

One of your packmates (or even one of your Battle Masters)
may be a Ghost Raptor in disguise waiting for the opportunity
toeither recruit the players or prevent them from making more
fetishes and further damaging the spiritual environment.

The Ghost Raptors are everywhere, but it is possible that the
players may accidentally stumble into one of their secret
caches of supplies, especially when they need them most.

Your pack might get asked to join the Raptors if they begin
toshowaconcem forthe amount of destruction in the Amazon
because of Garou violence. They will only be accepted if they
have proved themselves to be good warriors. This would be an
interesting Chronicle: being part of an elite force that is
independent of both the Garou and Pentex.

Recon Missions
Day Recon

The pack is sent to investigate a nearby indigenous village
where Pentex activity is suspected. Upon arrival at the village,
the Garou will find the villagers quite helpful and friendly.
They will offer food and show the Garoua nearby clear-cut site
that has been abandoned for several weeks. The site bears the
faint echo of Wyrm taint, but the taint is long gone.

After the investigation of the site, the villagers will offer the
pack a place to stay for the night. If they accept, the horror
begins. As soonas the sky is dark and the moon rides above the
horizon, Banes descend on the village and possess the villagers,
causing them to attack the Garou and attempt to subdue them.

Shortly after the Bane-infected villagers attack, a Pentex
First Team will move in. Their objective is to take the pack
alive in order to gain information regarding the Garou's base
camp. The players' actions could very well affect the outcome
of the war...

Night Recon

The pack is sent by their elders to carry out a reconnaissance
mission on a new Pentex camp in order to prepare for a full-

62 Rage Across the Amazon

scale assault. The camp is located further into the jungle than
Headquarters, and Pentex is trying to keep it a secret.

The outer defenses of the camp consist of roving patrols,
watch Banes and various electronic detection devices. The
pack, after slipping through, will get its first glimpse of the
camp.

Nothing at the camp appears out of the ordinary for Pentex.
There is a stockpile of military hardware that reeks of the
Wyrm. While the entire camp is strongly tainted, the central
tent, a massive construct, is the focus for a greater taint.

In the Umbra, the central tent is surrounded by a whirling
dance of Banes. If the pack manages to penetrate far enough
into the camp to actually view the inside of the tent, they will
discover the camp's horrible secret. A massive, metal pit
surrounded by technological devices tended by people in
protective uniforms. Contained within is a massive
Thunderwyrm. Pentex has outfitted the beast with a control
device they believe will allow them to direct the creature as
they will. They intend to use it in an attack on the Garou.

Ifthe pack can get the device, they can perhaps control the
Thunderwyrm to wreak havoc on the Pentex base. Good
luck...

Thunderwyrm: Str 6, Dx 2, Sta 6, Per 3, Int 1, Wits 2, Athl 3,
Brwl 3

Attacks: Body Slam, Punch or Bite

Health Levels: OK/OK/OK/-1/-1/-1/-2/-2/-3/-3/-4]-4]-5I-
5/Incapacitated

This thing is 25 feet long, ugly and pissed off about being told
what to do.

Recon Encounter

On a routine patrol in the area near the Garou's camp, the
pack happens across a small, obnoxiously friendly monkey that
chatters loudly and follows them around. Sense Wyrm will
show the creature to be Wyrm-tainted. If attacked, it will flee,
trying to lead the group into a Pentex ambush. If not attacked,
it will merely observe the pack's movements and report their
patrol pattern. This creature is one of several that Pentex is
sending out to spy on the Garou in preparation for the big
assault on the Garou's base camp.

Search and (Destroy Missions
The Rogue Pit

The pack is ordered to secure a section of jungle that Pentex
has begun to exploit. The Garou elders believe that Pentex
forces have not yet fully dug in and that the majority of the
Pentex forces are mere humans who can be quickly driven
away before a First Team arrives. Such is not the case. The
group will be tracked and ambushed en route by an equivalent
pack of Black Spiral Dancers. This ambush will appear to be
totally unrelated to the mission, instead seeming to be mere
happenstance.

If the pack is not deterred by the Black Spirals, they will
arrive at the Pentex base to discover that the "mere humans"
are actually another pack of Black Spirals posing as Pentex
grunts. The Black Spirals intend to despoil the area with toxins
and create another Pit. They are led by a powerful Theurge
who knows the Ritual of Caern Building. The area they have
moved into is virgin jungle.

This move by the Black Spirals is not condoned by Pentex.
The Black Spirals want to create their own base of operations
away from the Pentex base in order to create a second front.
Pentex does not approve of this splitting of forces and neither
do the elders of the Hell's Hand Hive. Nonetheless, this Pit of
Black Spiral corruption must be investigated and eliminated
before the base is established.

Unearthed Remains

The Pentex crewsare very excited about some type of buried
treasure they located. It is up to the pack to go in, find out what
this treasure is and deal with it. The characters will be advised
that there is extensive security, andastealthy night infiltration
will be recommended.

Upon arrival at the sight, the pack finds far less security in
the area than was anticipated. The posts appear to be aban-
doned. If they continue to investigate, they will find the
excavation sight where Pentex was working, as well as what
looks like a deeply buried tunnel.

Chapter Four: Encounters 63


Going into the tunnel reveals a series of rooms with various
treasures, mostly works of art dating back over a thousand
years. In the next chamber they find dead Pentex personnel
scattered about, most of them broken like dolls. After a short
while, the pack hears shooting from further into the tunnel.

As they arrive in the last room, they find the true "treasure"
Pentex was after. Standing in the middle of the room, waiting
for the pack, isan ancient vampire the company has unearthed
and awakened. She holds in her hands an assault rifle she has
just discovered how to use.

Killing the vampire is not the only possible outcome to this
encounter...

Finding the Craitor

A Garou warrior has decided it means more to win than to
stand up fora cause. To that end, the warrior has turned to the
Wyrm and seeks to join the Black Spiral Dancers. The traitor
has taken off into the jungle and must be destroyed before she
reaches the Black Spiral hive.

This is truly a pity. He was one of the finest jungle warriors
in the Garou camp. The pack must race against the Black
Spirals to find a traitor who knows the jungle better than
anyone else and does not wish to be found.

Curmel Rats

Pentex has done a great deal of work digging themselves
into their present positions. The extent of this was only
discovered when the Garou recently managed to capture a
secret Pentex position. This site was supposed to be a second
division of Pentex Laboratories until the Garou took it. Under
all the major buildings are tunnels leading off in various
directions. The pack is sent to investigate these tunnels.

Not only must they deal with any traps placed in the area,
but also with the problem of fighting in closed spaces. Should
the pack manage to prevail, even under these conditions, they
muststill deal with the Bane-infested giant rat used to build the
underground labyrinth. They must also deal with the possibil-
ity that a Black Spiral Pit or even an entire Hive could exist in
this underground nightmare.

Fomor Rat: Str 3, Dx 5, Sta 3, Athl 3, Brwl 4, Dodge 3

Attacks: Bite (Str + 2)

Powers: Plague Bite (as the Ratkin Gift)

Health Levels: OK/-2/-3/-5/Incapacitated.

This is a rat the size of a Saint Bernard and acts rabid due to
the Bane possessing it.

See and Flee

The Garou have found out that a Black Spiral Theurge,
with the assistance of certain Pentex personnel willing to be
sacrificed, is going to attempt a great ritual of some type. The
pack is sent to sneak close enough to the Pit to be able to step
sideways into the Umbra, see what is happening and run home
before anyone can react.

The problem, however, is threefold. First, they will have an
entire Pit of Black Spiral Dancers after them. Second, the

64

Rage Across the Amazon

Umbra in that area is swarming with Banes. Third, the
Theurge just summoned and bound something that looks
strikingly like a Nexus Crawler.

Combat Encounters
Air Raid

On a routine patrol, the pack will start to hear odd buzzing
sounds. If they choose to investigate, and even if they don't, the
buzzing sounds will grow louder. The pack is ambushed and
quickly becomes a participant in a Pentex combat readiness
test. The corporation wants to use the pack to see how well a
new air force deals with combat.

The air force consists of 15 Wyrm-tainted and Bane-ridden
insects. Most of these creatures are giant mosquitoes, though
some are giant locusts. The average size of one of these
creatures is three feet, although some range from half a foot to
six feet. There is one "bug" Pentex is trying to work out of this

system. The Wyrm-tainted insects don't do aggravated dam-
age, but the Bane-ridden ones do.

Asmall First Team hides nearby judging the performance of
the air corps. They all have been given a fetish to protect them
from the attacks of the giant insects.

Giant Mosquitoes: Str 2, Dx 3, Sta 3, Athl 3, Brwl 3, Dodge 3.


Attacks: Pincer nose (Str + 2; can drain blood with success-
ful attack: one aggravated Health Level per turn in addition to
regular damage).

Health Levels: OK/OK/ -3/-5/Incapacitated.

Flight Speed: 30 yds + Dx per turn. These mosquitoes are
fast and quick.

Giant Locusts: Str 3, Dx 2, Sta 4, Athl 3, Brwl 3, Dodge 2.

Attacks: Chewing (Str + 1), Ram (Str + 3; the locust flies
into a target after spending one tum in full flight. The damage
rollis resisted by the target's Athletics + 2; ifthe locust wins the
contest, the target is knocked down).

Health Levels: OK/OK/-2/-3/-5/Incapacitated.

Flight Speed: 15 yds + Dx per turn. These are larger and
heavier than the mosquitoes and not as bright.

Balefirefight

Pentex has been burning large areas of jungle all across the
Amazon. The Garou have discovered the next sight to be
decimated and the pack is sent to deal with it. Pentex is not
surprised to see the warriors of Gaia arrive. The company has
prepared its best pyromaniacs to deal with them. The Garou
will arrive to find four Furmlings (Wyrm-spawned fire
elementals) running wild among the trees — and heading
straight for them.

Furmlings (Balefire Elementals): These appear as lumi-
nousblobs of napalm-like plasma. They glow withan irradiated
phosphorescence.

Rage 10, Willpower 5, Gnosis, 5, Power 30

Charms: Balefire (as the Black Spiral Gift, Cost 2), Airt

Sense

Guard (Duty

In the past few days, there has been a remarkable rise in
Pentex movements. Instead of being sent out on more "impor-
tant" missions, the pack is stuck with guard duty. They are
guarding a border outpost that coincides with an Umbral Glen.
This will prove to be a rather dull assignment until late the
following night.

Off in the distance, a howl sounds, followed soon by
another. The first is the Warning of the Wyrm's Approach,
and the second is the Call for Succor. It is easy to pick out the
direction of the howls, and the pack may wish to go to the aid
of their fellows, especially once the sound of gunfire begins.

Any who go to investigate will discover another pack
seriously outgunned and outmaneuvered by a Pentex First
Team. A little stealth will allow the newcomers to ambush the
First Team and reverse the situation. This particular First
Team consists entirely of fomori.

After the defeat of the First Team, the pack will find two
members of the other pack still alive. Both have been badly
wounded and will require escort if they are to make it back to
base. They are little more than pups fresh from their Rite of
Passage and are traumatized by losing the rest of their pack.

Whoever takes it upon themselves to escort these pups to base
will not be around for the events that follow.

If the pack deserts its post to assist the pups, a pair of Black
Spirals, a Ferectoi and a number of Banes will move in and
plant the seeds of corruption in the Glen. They hope to be
finished and gone before the pack returns. However, if they are
not able to do this, or if the pack left behind a watch member,
the Wyrm creatures will try to take them out swiftly and
silently before continuing with their mission.

Investigation
anee of the Dead

The Garou base is under siege in the Umbra. The spirits of
long dead Native Amazonians are attacking those who walk in
the spirit world. The Garou don't have the slightest idea why.

The pack is sent to the known burial grounds of one the
tribes. There they find the spirit of an old tribal leader. Upon
speaking to him, the pack learns the location of a secret burial
ground.

Should the pack choose to investigate the sight, they will
find it guarded by four Black Spiral Dancers and two Ferectoi.
If the pack is able to defeat the guards, they will find nothing
of interest at the sight itself. Only in the Umbra will light be
shedon the problem. Inthe Umbra, the pack will find the spirit
of a small girl dressed in the robes of a tribal priestess. She
appears to be sleeping and is surrounded by Banes. The Banes
are holding her hostage to blackmail the spirits of the native
dead to attack the Garou.

If freed, the girl will awaken and smile. She will take the
hand of the Garou who did the most towards freeing her and
lead him outside. She will then disappear. Unknown to the
character, she has shown him to the spirits to let them know
that he is her savior. The character will have good luck in the
jungle thereafter, which will show up in minor ways: mosqui-
toes don't bother him as much, it is easier to move through the
thick growth, and soon. The effects should last long enough for
the rest of the group to guess the honor he has been bestowed.

Resaue Missions
The Captured Friend

A Garou messenger was intercepted and captured by Pentex.
She has information on the location and methods to be used
during the next raid on Pentex. She must be returned to the
Garou camp or killed before the information can be retrieved
from her. It seems only fair to assign those who she calls friends
to this task; thus, the pack will be sent.

The Trapped Theurge

A Garou Theurge is trapped in the Umbra by a host of
Banes. She has used her powers tostay alive, but may not return
to the normal world without assistance. The pack has been

Chapter Four: Encounters 65


assigned as part of the group who must fight off the Banes. The
mission must be accomplished before the Banes receive rein-
forcements.

The Hostage Pups

Pentex has managed tokidnap the latest litter of Garou pups
and is intending to use them ina horrid ritual to bring a major
Wyrm minion into the world. The pupsare very important, for

divinations reveal they will be important in the war with the
Wyrm, though none know how. They must not be lost.

Pentex intends to use the pups to lure as many Garou packs
as possible into traps and ambushes. As for the important pups,
if they truly are important and powerful, it isa bad thing for the
Garou: the pups have already undergone the Dance of the
Black Spiral. The hostages have already been brainwashed; the
amount of damage this bit of espionage will inflict is largely the
result of the players' actions.

Rio B

This story takes the pack to Rio de Janeiro, a city of tropical
wonder and beauty. There the characters become entangled in
Kindred affairs, have a run-in with Pentex and learn about the
unsung heroes of the war: the Glass Walker monkeywrenchers.

Scene One: The Mission

The pack is called before their Battle Master, Jurgen Krieg.
He tells them to sit down and then paces about, looking at
them and pondering, then looking back at them and ponder-
ingsome more. "All right, I guess you're the ones," he says. "We
needa pack togoto Rio." He looks for the characters' reactions,
waiting for one of them to look relieved or to make a remark
about a vacation. He will then get in that character's face and
yell: "This ain't no beach vacation! You ain't going to the
Copacabana!"

He will stand back and explain the mission in full: "Pentex
has something big planned, but we haven't been able to find
out what. They're keeping this one all hush-hush. We do know
that they've been briefing some execs in Rio.

"These execs arrived two days ago by boat and went straight
to Pentex HQ downtown. They haven't left the building since
then. Incase you didn't know, we have some operatives in Rio,
monkeywrenchers who are handling the logistics end of the
war. One of these guys was able to spy in on these execs'
meeting using Pentex's own vid-comp security system. He
heard some... interesting things before they shut his connec-
tion down.

"Anyway, it appears there is now a plan afoot for Pentex to
build an alliance with the Leeches of Rio to help wipe out our
operatives there. We can't let this happen. Ifa Leech war were
to break out, it would drain too much of our resources and
probably lose us our foothold in Rio. In case you bozos didn't
know, our Rio boys were instrumental in the'92 Earth Summit.
We can't lose them.

‘Now, I don't know all the details about these Leeches.
You'll be briefed on them when you get to Rio. You're mission
is to defend our operatives. They aren't very military and may
not be able to handle themselves if Cadavers start hunting
them down. So the War Council decided that we would send
down a pack to watch out for'em. But the Rio guys didn't like
this idea at all; found it insulting in fact. Too bad. I don't care

Night

what they want, I've got orders and so do you: defend these guys.
It's their job to stop thealliance. It's yours todefend them while
they do it.

"I don't now how long this will take, but I expect to get you
back here as soon as this situation blows over. Now, get outta
here!"

He turns and walks away. A Glass Walker waiting nearby
walks up and introduces himself: "Hello, I'm Nathan
Duskrunner. I will escort you to Rio. If you'll come this way..."
He leads the pack towards the caern center, where the Master
of the Rite is ready to open a Moon Bridge.

Nathan has obviously already made up his mind about the
pack. He turns to the them as they wait and says: "A few words
of advice: don't antagonize anyone. We take enough flack for
you gung-ho types and frankly we're sick of it. You can't
possibly understand what we do for the cause, so let's leave it
at that. Oh, your host will be the Open Arms Sept." The Moon
Bridge opens just as he says this, and he steps forward into the
silver radiance. An ocean breeze wafts past him. The Master of
the Rite bids the pack to enter. On the other side of the Moon
Bridge, the adventure in Rio awaits.

The City

The characters come out on the other side intoan expensive
looking living room. The living room is part of a nice home.
Well-kept grounds can be seen just outside the window. A
security fencesurrounds the estate. The home sitson Corcovado
mountain, and the living room walls contain huge windows
looking out over the city of Rio towards Guanabara Bay.

Garou in Homid form stand around in the room watching
the characters as they arrive. They look very much like typical
tich residents of the city. Some are obviously of European
backgrounds, but others are meztico (of mixed descent). The six
Garou say nothing to the newly arrived pack.

Nathan waits for all the characters to arrive and then
motions to them to follow him. He walks outside, across the
lawn and into a grove of trees. There is a wrought iron table
with a glass top and matching chairs. An old man sits at the
table, obviously waiting for the group. Nathan stands behind
the man and motions the characters to sit down.

66 Rage Across the Amazon

The man smiles at them and says, "Welcome to Rio. I am
Guiterrez, the leader of this sept." He leans back in his chair.
"I must tell you, I am not happy about your arrival. I am aware
of your orders and I dispute them. However, since I have been
outvoted by the Council, I shall be a gracious host. You are
welcome to accompany us in our activities, but you will not
participate — only watch. I cannot stress how delicate affairs
are here. Pentex is stirring up many old feelings. I believe I can
handle them, but you are not to interfere. Is this clear?"

He waits for an answer. If the characters argue, he will scowl,
get up and walk away. If they agree, he will smile and say,
"Good. | have a young man who will show you around Rio. We
have quite the night life here." He will chuckle, stand up and
leave.

Nathan then leads the characters to their quarters. There is
a hall of guest rooms in a separate building from the house.
They are very plush guest quarters, modeled after the many
resorts in the area. For any city-bred homids, it is a very nice
break from the harsh jungle.

Nathan tells them to wait there. In a little while, they are
visited by their guide. He isasmall man about 18 years old. This
Lupine is a native of Rio, a meztico of mixed Indian and
European blood with a broad and infectious smile. He intro-
duces himself as Rough Tangent of the Glass Walker Tribe and
proudly proclaims, "I am your tour guide!"

Rough Tangent

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Primal-Urge 2, Drive 4, Firearms 3, Repair 2,
Stealth 2, Computer 5, Enigmas 3, Occult 2, Rituals 1,
Science 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4 (hackers), Resources 3

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Spirit Speech, Control Simple
Machines, Cyber Senses, Jam Technology

Rage 2, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4

Merits/Flaws: Compulsion (talking)

Rank: 2

Rites: Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Free Ride (Level 5, Gnosis 6; this device is a small
alligator clip with a wire attached to Rough's belt. When
hooked up to a power line, it allows Rough and anyone
touching him to be instantly transported through the power
conduits and out again at the closest transformer, similar to the
Glass Walker Gift: Phone Travel).

Image: In Homid form, Rough is of mixed Brazilian and
European blood. He has a broad and infectious smile. In Lupus,
he is a shaggy brown wolf with white streaks through his fur.

Roleplaying Notes: Oh, boy, are you excited! You're tired
of partying alone. Now that these out-of-town Garou are here,
it's your chance to show off.

Background: Rough was bom toa she-wolf who lived in the
shantytowns of Rio, taking what scraps she could find. The
Open Arms Sept looked after her occasionally, hoping she
would one day bear a true Garou. When she did, they took the
pup and placed him in a home of knowing homid Kinfolk.
Rough grew up more a homid than a lupus.

He loves computers and their potential for revealing new
spirit mysteries. He hopes Rio can become a real cutting edge
high-tech city some day.

The Cour

Rough takes the pack out on the town. He seems desperate
to show off the city, especially to any lupus. He will make
multiple comments about how Rio is a rare city — one where
the humans know how to have fun. The pack may soon realize
that, despite his behavior and attitude, Rough is actually a
lupus.

It is around 5:00 p.m. when the tour begins. Rough leads
them toamini-van ("Careful! It's belongs to Guiterrez. If it gets
so much asa tiny scratch, I'm history! Just kidding. No, really,
have fun!"). He drives them down the mountain. They can see
above them, on the top of the mountain, one of Rio's most
famous attractions: the statue of Christ the Redeemer, arms
open to accept the city.

BAIA O€ GUANABARA

ATLANTIC
OCEAN

Lit
ipa Marts 1, Pentex HQ

2. Open Arms Sept
3. Kindred Assault
4. Meeting Site

Rio de Janeiro

Chapter Four: Encounters


Legends of Rio

© Lupe's Vision: "Early on in the city's history, one
crazy Bone Gnawercalled Lupe swore he hada vision at the
foot of the statue of Christ the Redeemer. He recounted
how the statue looked down at him and, with open arms,
pointed to a cathedral. He took this a sign that he should
join the church (after all, he was crazy). Well, he went
there, found the local priest, and introduced himself as a
werewolf. The priest, horrified, threw him from the church.
Lupe shrugged his shouldersand thoughtno more about his
minor run-in with homid religion. The priest, however,
had summoned some friends to Rio, and soon the Inquisi-
tion was hunting in the favelas and woods for us.

"Our leader then was a smart fellow and knew what to
do. If you simply point the fanatics at a vampire, he
thought, they'd forget werewolves ever existed in their
fervor to destroy the unholy dead. So, he sent a pack out
to nab a neonate. They got one and dropped him off,
beaten and hurting, in the shantytown. Since this guy was
hungry after his beating, he found one of the slum locals
and began feasting. This is when L'Inquisition came on
him. They staked the poor fool.

"This neonate had a sire who was rather fond of him. A
minor war started between the two gangs, hunters on one
side, vampires on the other. Of course, the vampires finally
won, but I think one of the hunters escaped by ship.

"Oh well, just goes to show you what happens when you
get all hung up on religion. Huh? What about Gaia? Hey!
Gaia's not religion — She's real! Get with it."

¢ A Visit From Welles: "Then there was the time
Orson Welles came to Rio. This was back in '43 or '44, I
don't remember which. He turned the whole town into
one big party — which isn't hard todo. He's filming this big
movie, right? He doesn't really have a script, so he spends
the time just filming the party. Boy, is the studio getting
pissed too! They eventually cut off his money, but they had
to put ads in the papers to do it, telling the hotels and bars
not to honor his credit. They were scared. They finally
pulled the whole crew outta there.

"The film never got released. Hell, most of the footage
is lost, too. It's a shame, because some of our elders were in
the film, dancing around the streets like everybody else.
But I hear that Welles caught Suarez on film. You know,
Suarez, the vampire Prince of Rio? I hear Welles and his
roving camera saw something they shouldn't have. That's
why the studio really cut his funding, because of a phone
call from Suarez. And all that film — it's gone. You don't
just throw away that much footage, right? Ah, well, it
would have been a cool film."

Rage Across the Amazon

Rough drives them around town and points out famous
buildings, including the site of the 92 Earth Summit ("A real
coup for us. Hell, I got a lot of renown myself for that gig.").

He then slows the car and becomes quiet. They are in the
Centro, the downtown district. Tall buildings surround them:
banks and corporate offices. He stops the car in the middle of
the street and points a block away to a building on the far
corner. "There," he says. "That's it. The enemy." The building
is nondescript, looking much like the other office buildings
surrounding it. A plain logo can be seen above the main doors:
ALLIED BANK. "That's supposed to be a ‘financial lending
institution'. Don't be fooled. It's really Pentex."

If any of the characters try to get out of the car for a closer
look, he will warn them instantly. "Don't! Are you crazy? They
guard this place like gold! You can bet there's something
watching us even now. C'mon let's go." If the characters resist,
he will say, "Hey, remember your orders! You aren't here to
screw up our operations. You're here to defend us! That means
me, too. Let's get outta here."

He will then take them straight to Copacabana Beach, park
the car and lead them to a bar called "Margaritas." Inside, he
will then start telling the pack tall tales, regaling them with his
adventures and relating legends of the sept. If the characters
feel the need for background information on the city, this is the
perfect time to ask for it. They should time their questions
carefully, however. As the evening passes, Rough will steadily
and methodically get drunk.


Brujah Neonates

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 3, Firearms 2, Melee (knives) 2

Disciplines: Potence 2 (add two dice to damage Pools
for Melee and Brawl), Fortitude 1 (acts as one level of
armor)

Humanity 6, Willpower 5

Blood Pool: 5 (they can spend one Blood Point per turn
and add it to any Physical Attribute for one scene. Vam-
pires can spend Blood Points to heal damage at the rate of
one Blood Point per wound level. If they fall below three
Blood Points, they must roll three dice against a difficulty
6 or they will frenzy, desperate for blood).

Equipment: They all have switchblades and light re-
volvers. No one is using silver. When they realize that they
can't really hurt the Garou without special weapons, they
will flee.

Rough then starts rambling about things he was not sup-
posed to reveal. The players might inquire about Guiterrez's
plans. Even if they don't, he will tell in a very proud, drunken
way how Guiterrez told him to take the pack out on the town
and distract them. He says that Guiterrez didn't want a bunch
of war heroes messing up his delicate negotiations with Boyer.
When the characters ask who Boyer is, as any good player
surely would, he will look at them in surprise. He'll realize that
he has said too much. It is now too late to cover up. He will look
sheepishly at them and say, "Well...Boyer's the right-hand
man of Suarez, the Kindred Prince of Rio."

Scene Two: The Meeting

It is very easy for the characters to get Rough to spill the
location of Guiterrez's meeting and even to get directions
there. Despite getting the information from Rough, the char-
acters have still been removed from the real action. While the
characters were talking to Rough in the bar, vampires were
surrounding the meeting sight. Guiterrez was being stalked by
a group of vampires as he waited for Boyer to arrive.

In actuality, the vampires are responding to an earlier
attack. Boyer was ambushed by a group of Black Spiral Dancers
before he even left for the meeting site. Since many vampires
don't distinguish Black Spirals from regular Garou, the local
Kindred now believe they are all being hunted by Garou.
(News about the war in Chicago hasn't helped). They have
either gone into hiding, or, as the characters discover, are
taking the initiative against the Garou.

Atthe bar, as the pack and Rough head out into the parking
lot, they are surrounded by a group of men. The men seem like
a group of locals and Europeans, but they are actually Brujah

vampires. The vampires have their own reasons for delaying
the pack.

The Brujah will demand to know the location of the
assassins who attacked Boyer. Rough will argue that noone was
assigned to attack Boyer; the Lupines wanted the negotiations
to succeed. The argument will become very intense unless the
players (especially any Philodox involved) can turn the situa-
tion to their advantage. The Brujah were given a description
of the Lupines that attacked Boyer: a pack was seen fleeing
from the scene of the crime. Rough will be able to identify the
pack as a local gang of Black Spirals. It should be evident that
Pentex would have a lot to gain by setting the Kindred against
the Garou. The Brujah, of course, don't care about the distinc-
tion between who is a Black Spiral and who is not, and they
don't giveadamn about Pentex. They will gleefully report that
Guiterrez is probably dead by now and attack. Rough is still
trying to sober up; the pack must now carry out their duty and
protect him.

The Brujah are clearly outmatched. Once the vampires
realize they can't win the fight without silver, they will flee into
the beach crowd. If the characters pursue them, the crowd will
assume they are police chasing the locals for no good reason
and will try to detain them. If the characters are in Crinos form,
the Delirium will take effect and the beachgoers will panic.
Their haphazard riot will prevent the characters from getting
to the vampires before they disappear down the streets.

Rough tells the pack that they've got to get to the meeting
site quickly and begs them to get in the car; otherwise, he will
leave them behind. Following Rough's directions while driv-
ing quickly through the streets will, of course, require a roll of
Wits or Dexterity + Drive. Rough is going to have to sober up
fast...

Rough screeches to a halt at the meeting site, a stretch of
beach in Ipanema, and jumps from the car. A group of Garou
are gathered about the body of Guiterrez. Two dead Kindred lie
nearby torn limb from limb. Nathan looks up at Rough and the
characters and scowls (a character who gets five successes on
a Perception + Empathy roll will see that he is actually
ashamed. The characters should have been here as they were
ordered).

Nathan says to the characters, "We've been tricked. Damn
Pentex! Damn this war!" Rough looks shaken and stares at
Guiterrez's body. He suddenly shifts into Lupus form and lets
loose a Howl of Mourning. The other Garou, except for
Nathan, shift to Lupus and do the same. Nathan simply stands
with his head bowed, clearly ashamed.

It is obvious to Nathan that Pentex is trying to start a war
in Rio between the Lupines and the Kindred. Give the
characters a chance to suggest courses of action. The Open
Arms Sept wants to end the coming Kindred-Garou war. Any
arguments about this could lead to intense and impassioned
roleplaying. The characters may have personal feelings, but
they still have their orders.

Rough does have one idea that may help the players. He
explains that Pentex keeps video tapes ofall their meetings and
planning sessions. Since this was clearly a Pentex ploy, they

Chapter Four: Encounters 69


had to have planned it at their HQ, which means that there
would be tapes of those involved "confessing" to the crime. If
the Garou could get these tapes and show them to the prince,
he would realize what was really going on, and the Garou would
actually gain an ally against Pentex.

This may spark a lot of arguing about making deals with
vampires, but Nathan will explain that during war, you choose
your enemies as carefully as possible. Any who are not your
immediate enemy should be left alone. The Kindred are not
participants in the Amazon War and thus should not be given
any excuse to attack Garou. Nathan, like most of his sept, is a
Glass Walker and is not overly bothered by vampires. He
considers the matter closed. They must not start a war with the
Kindred.

Despite any personal feelings, the pack is under orders to
protect the Glass Walkers. Their best option is to protect
Rough Tangent as he infiltrates Pentex headquarters.

Scene ‘Three: Corporate
Assets

Rough takes the pack back to Corcovado caern. He tells
them to catch a few hours of sleep, because "they're going to
need it." The next morning, he wakes them up and hands them
some business suits. "These will help. Our Theurges worked all
night on them. Don't worry, they'll fit." The suits fit perfectly,
as if they were custom tailored. Rough explains that there is a
spirit bound into each suit exuding an aura of respectability and
importance. The pack will disguise themselves as business
executives. If questioned about what type of spirit it is, Rough
will be vague, saying he is unsure. (They are rare finance spirits
found in downtown Rio, created from the energy of interna-
tional finance taking place. Since these are Weaver spirits, the
Glass Walkers are reluctant to talk about them to other
Garou.)

Rough then drives the pack to within a few blocks of the
Pentex building. He parks on the street and says, "C'mon. No
matter what, don't change form until I say it's safe. I've done
a lot of work on figuring out their security. A hell of a lot of
people walk through their doors every day, so they rely on
Banes to keep an eye out for shapechangers. I've gota few tricks
to fool them. Those suits are just one of 'em."

He leads the pack to the building's front doors and walks
through with no hesitation. A small group of businessmen is
coming out at the same time. He holds the door open for them
and smiles. Everything seems normal. If the characters delay,
he will "hsst!" at them and motion them into the building.

The lobby is huge. People sit in plush chairs waiting for their
appointments. A bank of elevators is straight ahead, flanked by
security guards. Video cameras are placed in every corner. The
red lightseems tostare at the pack likeamalevolenteye. Rough
gathers the pack to him and says, "Just in time for our
appointment." He then leads them towards the elevators.

He then stops dead and turns around to face the pack. "Oh,
oh. Black Spiral at 12 O'clock. Damn." If the characters look,

they will see nothing out of the ordinary, just a security guard
who looks bored. "Believe me, that's a Black Spiral. I recognize
him and he'll recognize me. We've got to hide." Give the
players a few moments to notice the restroom nearby. If the
players don't think of it, Rough will walk off towards a small
side wing where the universal icon for "men's room" can be
seen on a sign. If any of the characters are female, Rough will
immediately pull them into the men's room anyway.

Fortunately, all the stalls are empty. Rough desperately
needs to get toa computer terminal to find where the tapes are
stored. The players will no doubt regret not having the chance
to make a better plan for breaking into the building. Rough
does, however, have a quick solution. "I don't like it, but it
looks like we'll have to walk the spirit sooner than | thought.
This could be good — they won't expect it. We'll use these to
shift," he says, pointing at the bathroom mirrors.

The Web of Finance

The characters can enter the Umbra by stepping sideways
using the light reflecting off the mirrors. A strange landscape
and a horrible stench are on the other side of the Gauntlet.
They are still in the rest room, but the room is now very
ominous. They can hear something belching behind a stall.
Rough signals them to quietly get out. If anyone looks back
before exiting, they can see a small H'ruggling leaving the stall
with something very disgusting dripping from its mouth.

The lobby looks similar, but is currently empty of people.
Banes with glowing red eyes can be seen in the corners where
the video cameras were. They stare intently at the pack, but
soon look away. Rough whispers, "It's the suits. The Banes
think we belong here. C'mon."

Rough opens a door marked "stairs" and enters. The stairs,
normally concrete, are now rickety and appear to be made of
wood. Rough warns everyone to be careful and begins to walk
up the creaky winding stairwell. On the second floor, he walks
into the first office he can find.

Beyond the door is a large room filled with partitioned
cubicles. The partitions appear to be spider webbing. Pattern
Spiders can be seen moving about repairing bits of the web. If
anyone peeks into the physical world, they will see an office
room. In each cubicle, people are working at computers. Every
time one of them tries to lean over and look into another
cubicle or talk to another employee, a Pattern Spider zips over
and begins building wall between them. This seems to negate
any disturbance. The spiders insure that the workers remain at
their tasks.

There are two terminals in this room not being used. Rough
quietly walks in and sits at one of them. "I'm going to find out
where they keep the tapes." A player character might decide
touse the other machine. Ifso, a roll of Wits + Computer versus
a difficulty of 7 will be sufficient to find the information. It is
possible that the player may wish to discover other informa-
tion. Placing information on other Pentex activities here
could easily lead to another adventure in the campaign.

70 Rage Across the Amazon

While this is going on, the pack may notice the Spiders
getting edgy. Eventually, one Spider comes over to Rough and
isabout to attack. Rough finishes right before the Spider leaps.
The moment Rough stops typing, the Spider seems to forget
what it was doing. It turns away and returns to its weaving.
"Storage Room #5 on the basement level," Rough says. He will
leave the room and walk down the stairs, seemingly unfazed by
the Spiders. (If the characters panic, or something goes terribly
wrong, statistics for Pattern Spiders are on pg. 164 of Werewolf.)

Scene Four: Its Never That
Easy

The exit is at the lowest level in the stairwell at a door
marked "Basement — No Unauthorized Entry." Rough will
step out of the Umbra. The players will need to follow him. The
tapes exist only in physical reality. The door knob reflects
enough light from above to provide a focus for stepping
sideways.

The hallway beyond the door is dark with dim light bulbs
strung every 15 feet. Right outside is another door marked
"Storage Room 1". Rough points down the hall toadoor on the
left. He'll lead them out while watching for trouble.

Nothing impedes their way and the door is not locked.
However, a Black Spiral guard is standing just inside the
storage room. He has heard the pack in the hallway and has
activated a silent alarm to call for his team. If the players do not

Chapter Four: Encounters

caution him, Rough will quickly open the door, and the guard
will grab him instantly. If the team is cautious, they will easily
eliminate the guard. Either way, an alarm light will be flashing
in the storage room and First Teamers with pistols will be on
the way. They will arrive from the stairwell and charge towards
the pack.

Once inside the room, anyone who makes a successful
Perception + Alertness roll against a difficulty of 7 will see rows
of video tape stacked on shelves along the walls. Unless they
get closer, they cannot read the labels.

The First Team will arrive shortly, and the pack will have
a fight on their hands: one Black Spiral and four (or five, if the
odds aren't even) First Teamers.

First Team Number 17
Goltrag Huolg

Goltrag is an ugly Black Spiral metis. He is the leader of the
First Team.

Str 4, Dx 3, Sta 5, Cha 1, Man 3, App 0, Per 2, Int 2,Wts 3,
Athl 3, Brwl 5, Dodge 3, Intim 4, Primal-Urge 3, Firearms 3

Gifts: Shroud, Sense Wyrm, Smell Fear, Howl of the
Banshee, Ears of the Bat


First Ceamers

Str 3, Dx 3, Sta 3, Cha 2, Man 2, App 2, Per 2, Int 3, Wts 3,
Alert 2, Athl 2, Brwl 2, Dodge 3, Firearms 3

Weapons: M-16 assault rifles (1 clip silver bullets, 2 clips
normal), silver knives.

Take the Tapes and Run

During the battle, one of the characters will hopefully,
instead of fighting, try to find the tape. If not, Rough will call
to a pack member for help and point toward the wall of tapes.
An Intelligence + Enigmas roll at difficulty 8 will allow a
character to figure out the filing system. From there, a Percep-
tion + Alertness roll, difficulty 7, will allow the character to
find the right tape amid the clamor of battle.

Rough has something else to do. As soon as one of the
characters begins looking for the tape, Rough will run to
another wall. If no one will assist him, he will still run to the

other side of the room. There are many pipes stretching along
the basement walls. Rough looks them over and finds what he
needs: a power conduit. He pulls out a screwdriver and begins
toopena panel. Ifanyone asks him what he is doing, he will say,
"Just get the tape, dammit!"

The panel is easy to open. He pulls an alligator clip from his
pocket with a wire attached to his belt and asks the pack if they
have the tape yet. Ifso, he will tell them to quit fighting and run
towards him. He will then tell them to hold on to his suit —
and they're off!

Roughactivates his Free Ride fetish and the pack is instantly
transported through the building's power lines to the trans-
former two blocks down the street. They materialize on the
street, none the worse for their ride through, a maelstrom of
megavolts.

Rough conveniently parked his car nearby in case he had to
use his fetish. Security guards are starting to pour from the
building and will start firing at the pack. It will only take a few
turns for Rough to prepare the getaway vehicle. Rough and the
characters will quickly drive away from the building.

Rough will turn up the stereo for the ride home, and the van
will pull up outside of the house on Corcovado. Rough rushes
the tape to Nathan, who isastonished that the plan succeeded.
He then thanks the pack immensely and rushes off with his
own pack to get the tape to the prince. He tells the pack to
defend the caern, as Kindred may try to assault it.

Cying Jt Up - or Lettin
I ean :

Itisup to the Storyteller where to gowith story now. Ideally,
Nathan should be able to stop the brewing troubles with the
tape — but what if he never gets the tape to the prince? Also,
will the caern attacked by vampires while the players guard it?

A vampire war will complicate matters for the Garou and
the Storyteller. It is the Storyteller's call whether he wants this
to happen. It could be the beginning of a Vampire/Werewolf
crossover chronicle.

Regardless, the pack and Rough will eventually be treated
toa fine feast and a victory moot. They will get all the renown
they deserve andan invitation tostay in Rioas longas they like.
The characters will receive a permanent invite to return
anytime.

Even if things work out, the characters must return to the
Amazon soon. That's were the real war is. As important as Rio
is, it is removed from the true theater of conflict.

Rage Across the Amazon

Jn Dreams and

Yightmares

by J. Morrison

‘Over the Mountains

Of the Moon,

Down the Valley of the Shadow,

Ride, boldly ride,'

the shade replied,

‘If you seek for Eldorado.'

— Edgar Allan Poe, Eldorado

While the battle for the Amazon rages on, the pack learns
the truth about an ancient myth. "In Dreams and Nightmares"
tevolves around the legend of El Dorado, most commonly
known as the fabled lost city of gold. The pack learns the hard
way that most legends have a basis in fact. They must try tosave
the legendary city from the minions of Pentex.

From the very start, the pack is in a race against time as they
discover the importance of the ancient city, the truth about El
Dorado and the importance of El Dorado to the Amazon.
Pentex has a head start, and certain signs along the way could
lead the pack to understand that they are up against someone
they've met before...

Samuel Haight has appeared previously in the Werewolf
supplement Valkenburg Foundation and the Vampire supple-
ment Sabbat Storyteller's Handbook. Neither of these
supplements is necessary for running "In Dreams and Night-
mares" or for the use of this character. A brief recap of Samuel
Haight's history is given later in this story, as well as updated
character statistics.

The Plot

Scene One: The pack engages in combat with an inexpe-
rienced First Team. The Garou win the battle, but one of the
Team members wants to bargain information for his life. This
information could make a big difference in the outcome of the
war. It concerns El Dorado and Pentex's plans to acquire the
vast amount of gold to be found there and destroy the city.

Upon reporting to their superiors, the pack is told the truth
about El Dorado: it is not only a city but the name of the
powerful mage who rules there. They are given the assignment
to save El Dorado before it is too late. A map will show them
the only way to reach the Realm, but the Pentex Team already
has a substantial head start.

Scene Two: The pack must race through the Amazon Rain
Forest, attempting to reach the gateway to El Dorado. A few
surprises are waiting for them in the jungle's depths.

Scene Three: The pack is ambushed by another First Team,
this one having a few advantages. Their machine guns are
loaded with silver bullets and ingenious traps have been
quickly set behind them. The truth is revealed: the leader of the
Pentex Team is none other than Samuel Haight, "The Skin-
ner".

Scene Four: The Garou madly dash through the jungle, but
Samuel Haight is up to his old tricks: booby traps and jungle
snares await the unwary Garou. Can the pack beat Haight to
El Dorado?

Scene Five: Haight wins the race to El Dorado and the pack
must find the source of the realm's power, El Dorado himself,
before Haight can complete his mission of destruction. Haight's
First Team blocks the way...

Scene Six: The pack is face to face with a legend. El Dorado
ishere, butso is Samuel Haight, and Haight hasa few new tricks
up his sleeve. A fight to the finish ensues, and the pack must
leave the realm of El Dorado or face the effects of a legend's
death. To escape the realm they must first face Samuel Haight
and his new friends.

What is Really Going On

Samuel Haight is once again working for Pentex, but is now
in a position of power far greater than he had before. Pentex
believes that El Dorado is a caern and possibly a source for
controlling the market of gold in the world. What they do not
understand is that El Dorado is not just a place, but a place
named after the powerful Dreamspeaker mage who has ruled
and protected his city for millennia.

What Pentex also does not understand is that Samuel
Haight already knows about El Dorado the mage and that he
intends to steal the mage's power for himself. To aid him in his
task, Haight has personally chosen some powerful allies: the
surviving members of First Teams that have fallen to the
Garou. What the unsuspecting Garou do not know is that,
once again, Samuel Haight is looking forward to gathering a
few Garou pelts. He already has Kinfolk whoare anxious to join
him in the creation of a new tribe — and in the destruction of
all Garou.

About El Dorado

El Dorado is a powerful Dreamspeaker mage. The world at
large has effectively forgotten about his existence, save for the
occasional legends of a city of gold and a king called El Dorado
who was anointed with gold dust daily. Centuries ago, when
the Conquistadors came to the new world and invaded the

Chapter Four: Encounters 73


South American continent, they slaughtered tribes of people
and searched diligently for the city of gold they had heard the
natives describe. The Conquistadors never succeeded. The
reason they could not find El Dorado's city of gold was simply
that he had no desire to be found. Ensuring that he could not
be captured and that his city could not be destroyed, El Dorado
made bargains with the Black Furies living in the area and with
the Bastet as well. He promised his aid whenever they needed
him in exchange for the destruction of any Conquistadors that
came too close to his city.

El Dorado's assistance had always been theirs anyway. Both
groups readily agreed. El Dorado was called upon frequently as
the increasing waves of invaders came into his lands, and he
never faltered in his promise to assist the Black Furies and
Bastet. Likewise, they never faltered in keeping their vows to
him. Neither group had expected El Dorado's magick to be
detected by the Technomancers.

The Technomancers sent several mages of their own into
the region. They attempted to locate and destroy the power of
El Dorado. The first few were never heard from again. They had
no choice but to send a small army of mages to assault the city.
Instead of actually doing combat, the mages opted to perform
powerful rituals that effectively "mapped" El Dorado's city out
of existence.

The entire city and the largest fresh water lake ever to exist
onearth shifted into the Umbra. It was now a place apart. The
Technomancer's own magick backfired on them, for while no
one could leave the realm, they could not get in to finish the
job. After a time, they became convinced that nothing would
ever escape. Pleased with the results of their experiment, the
mages went back to Spain and told of their success.

El Dorado still maintained his connection to the earth
through dreams. After long years, he finally fed the dreams of
one man who would become obsessed with the city. In 1933,
Joseph Herlech, an archeologist, led an expedition into the
trackless jungles in search of the fabled lost city of gold. He
found it.

Herlech was unknowingly forging a path to the realm
through his own desires and will. When he finally entered the
lost valley, it was the first time in centuries that a new face was
seen in El Dorado. Through powerful magick and great sacri-
fice, El Dorado managed to slow the passage of time in his
realm. Nearly three centuries had passed on earth while only
thirty years had passed inside the Dorado Realm.

Herlech never left his newly discovered city, for El Dorado
could not allow the Technomancers to learn that their spell
had been breached. El Dorado's own spell was also destroyed by
the reconnection to earth; time passed again at the same rate
as the rest of the world.

El Dorado had been receiving visions of a dire future for the
rain forest, and he knew he had to live long enough to prevent
it. He put himself in a deep ageless sleep with the magical gold
dust he had used to coat his body. Now El Dorado sleeps. He
is using vast mental powers at his command to leave his body.
He roams the Amazon, reincarnating himself in the forms of

various animals and living entire lives in intimate contact with
Gaia.

He has learned more than he ever thought possible and has
grown substantially in power. He has never hesitated to be of
aid when he was needed. The Black Furies who have served
him for generations have stayed with him in the Dorado
Realm, protecting the sleeping mage and coming out into the
Umbra only when absolutely necessary, such as during their
raids to gather Kinfolk when the time for mating has come.
The Furies of El Dorado were the cause of the original rumors
of Amazon warriors in South America. Many still dress as they
did in ages long gone, never realizing their attire is archaic.

El Dorado has visited the elders of the Garou in dreams,
advising them of potential risks when he knew of them and
warning them that their present course is detrimental to the
jungles. While the Garou elders do not always agree with El
Dorado, they understand that he has been very helpful in his
own right. They will doall that they can toassist him in his time
of need.

Sadly, El Dorado's time of need is now. The Wyrm's
corruption has even managed to reach the South American
continent. Atahualpa, a Balam werecat who knew the loca-
tion of El Dorado, has been corrupted by the Wyrm. She has
told all she knows to Pentex. Pentex has plans for the vast
amounts of gold residing in the Dorado Realm. That is where
Samuel Haight and his First Team come into the story...

Theme

Greed is the theme of this story. Greed destroys the last
bastion of Amazon myth, shattering the remnants of a once
powerful city and a mage that served nature as surely as do the
Garou. Greed finally brings about the end of a Golden Age.

Mood

The mood for "In Dreams and Nightmares" is desperation.
The Amazon is falling to Pentex, and one of the few truly
powerful allies of the Garou is about to be destroyed — unless
the pack can reach El Dorado in time.

The mood for the story is also vengeance. The Skinner has
retumed, and a chance for retribution is at hand. But once
again, Samuel Haight is prepared for the Garou as few others
could be. He has studied his enemies: he knows their weak-
nesses and knows how to hurt them psychologically as well as
physically. As many in the pack may want revenge on Samuel
Haight, he wants revenge against all Garou. He was born mere
Kinfolk, jealous of his brothers' Garou heritage. Make no
mistakes, Samuel Haight is a twisted man, but he is also a very
brilliant one. He is as cold blooded a killer as the pack is likely
to meet.

A complete background for Samuel Haight is listed at the
end of this adventure. Players who have not met Haight
personally might still know pieces of the legend. A roll against
Intelligence + Occult roll might allow a character to recall bits
and pieces of Haight's methods and history. A Galliard might

74 Rage Across the Amazon

have heard a story or song detailing the Skinner's infamy. If all
else fails, a convenient non-player character assigned to the
pack could slowly reveal important details throughout the
adventure.

Scene One:
.
Down Behind The
*
Lines

"Listen, I got information, see? I got information you could use
to fry bigger fish than me."

— Any bad guy in a bad situation

The pack has been given the dubious honor of guarding
their caern's bawn. This is a duty fraught with danger. At any
time, a group of Pentex mercenaries could show up. Pentex has
recently taken to actively searching out the locations of caerns
in the area. The cost of their operations in the Amazon have
become preposterous. Barnaby Shadrack has demanded that
the search be made. The sept leaders were alerted of the danger
when they intercepted a messenger witha note authorizing the
added expense of the operation.

The pack is soon engaged in a major skirmish with Pentex
First Team Number 13. The First Team is comprised of five
members and is only lightly armed right now. Their mission is
simply one of reconnaissance. However, even without heavy
artillery, the First Team is not to be taken lightly. They do not
know that they have been set up. Samuel Haight has had it
with the political back-stabbing that the local Pentex leaders
have been engaged in. Back-stabbing would not bother Haight
so much, but all of the knives have been pointed at him.

One of the less subtle moves by the executive committee
was fueling a rivalry between Haight and Roland Thompson,
the head of First Team Number 13. Thompson has long been
accustomed to having things his way at the Pentex camp, but
all that changed when Haight arrived. Haight has been given
a great deal of bureaucratic run-around by the Executive
Committee and has generally ignored Pentex's problems. The
committee cannot understand why Haight has been promoted
unduly in the ranks of the company, and they cannot condone
the odd assortment of individuals Haight has brought with
him. Just to ensure that Haight knows his place, they have
started conceding to his wishes, taking away the equipment
and privileges that Thompson once had and giving them to
him.

They havealso made certain that Thompson knows why his
requests for equipment have been delayed. As faras Thompson
cansee, Haight is behind all of his troubles of late. He has made
certain that Haight understands his resentment. The original
plans around the Pentex camp involved having First Team
Number 13 go in search of El Dorado. With the help of Robert
Allred, Haight has vetoed that move and taken on the task
himself. In truth, Haight is far more qualified for the task of
leading the assault on El Dorado, but that had little to do with
his request for interference.

By taking the most important tasks assigned to the First
Teams for himself, Haight has left First Team 13 with the
dangerous task of scouting out the locations of the Amazon
caerns. Elliot Meiche, infuriated by Robert Allred's successful
takeover of the Amazon Project, has been playing a few games
of his own, including arranging for a message of authorization
to be "discovered" by the Garou. Meiche is doing his best to
assure the destruction of his would-be rival, and has insured
that Haight will have his chance at the powers of El Dorado —
with the Garou hot on his trail.

What Haight doesn't understand is how deep the rivalry is.
Thompson will do anything he can to make Haight look bad,
including selling out Pentex to assure Haight's defeat. At least
one member of the First Team should be captured. The
prisoner or prisoners will then attempt to barter information in
exchange for their lives. Whether or not the pack agrees to the
exchange is entirely up to the players, of course, but they should
at least be willing to listen.

The information to be exchanged is this: the First Team
member will offer to let the pack know about a planned assault
on El Dorado, a caern well-hidden in the jungle. The plan is
not only to attack the caern, but to utterly destroy it and take
the gold that lies there. It is possible that the pack will not
believe the team member, pointing out that they have never
heard of the El Dorado caern. The team member will tell them
to send someone back to their camp and ask one of the local
Garou about El Dorado. He will go on to explain that there is

Chapter Four: Encounters 75

a heavily armed First Team on the way to El Dorado right now
assisted by vampires.

Whether the pack decides to let the remaining team
member live is entirely up to the players again. They should at
least consider whether the First Team member has seen the
caern, as well as a deciding whether killing the enemy in this
situation is honorable. The First Team member will probably
not be willing to talk about the assault until after the Garou
have promised safety. The question is, ultimately, which is
more important: the honor of the pack or the safety of the
caern. It's not really much of a choice: the safety of the caern
should come first. However, any member of the Children of
Gaia tribe that gives her word and then kills a Team Member
anyway will lose honor in the eyes of that tribe.

Should the pack decide to take their prisoner with them
back to their Battle Master, they may have an unpleasant
surprise on their hands. The First Team members are all
carrying radio tracking devices, and unless they have been
searched, the tracking devices will later lead a heavily armed
assault battalion straight to the caern.

The information the pack has received should be important
enough to call for a meeting with their Battle Master, Jurgen
Kreig. Kreig will take the information poorly, grumbling and
griping under his breath. He will finally decide that the
information is too important for him to vote on himself. Jurgen
will send the pack to talk with their War Chieftain, Dag
Hateful Hand. Dag also will be displeased with the informa-
tion, and he will in turn send the pack, along with a small scout

pack, as quickly as possible to the Hollow Heart Caern. The
pack now gets a chance to see the Garou chain of command in
action as they are asked to tell their story repeatedly. At last
they are handed to the top authority, Golgol Fangs-First, the
High War Chieftain. Golgol Fangs-First will take the news as
poorly as the rest, but he will finally have something to say
about the entire affair.

"This is grave news. El Dorado has spoken to us in dreams,
and has offered to aid us when he is able. El Dorado must be
warned, but no Moon Bridge exists that can send you there."

The High War Chieftain will give the pack a map. The map
details the area where they are and shows the fastest, safest
route to El Dorado and to the Dorado Realm. "There is only
one way to El Dorado, and that is to follow this map. El Dorado
is removed from the rest of the world ina section of the Umbra
that isunreachable. But there isan opening, asingle spot where
El Dorado can be entered. It is deep in the jungle, three days
travel from here.

"You must go to El Dorado and warn him of the assault. El
Dorado has protection in his realm, but it may not be enough
to stop Pentex, not without advanced warning."

In the event that there are no Black Furies in the pack, he
will hand themasmall fetish. The fetish simply allows the pack
to enter the Dorado Realm and not be attacked on sight by the
Black Furies that have made the realm their home. If there are
any Black Furies in the pack, the fetish will not be needed.

The pack is sent on their way with praise for the information
they have captured and the hope that the information came
soon enough.

First Ceam Number 13
Sgt. Rolan? Thompson

Position: Team Leader

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 2 Firearms 4,
Melee 3, Leadership 4, Repair 2, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Com-
puter 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Politics 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 8

Weapons: H&K G3 (two clips silver ammo, 3 clips nor-
mal), survival knife

Image: Roland is a perfect straight man: he looks slightly
stupidand slack-faced, and he carries himself with an appalling
lack of bearing. In truth, he slumps slightly because he is always
very relaxed, a state of mind and body that works best when
performing the martial arts. He does not appear threatening

Roleplaying Notes: You don't much like or trust anyone
who is not a part of your Team. You have learned all too well
how easily those around you will try to stab you in the back. As
aresult, you have no hesitation to stab them first.

Background: Roland Thompson spent the majority of his
life moving around the world from one military base to
another. His father was a career soldier and his mother kept
busy with half a dozen hobbies. By fourteen he had become a
perpetual problem child, joining in fights and bullying the
younger children. When the Allred Military Academy offered
totake the problem child in and teach him the error of his ways,
his parents readily agreed.

Thompson was trained by the best teachers money can buy
to be a killing machine. The Allred Academy is a division of
Pentex that specializes in teaching the art of killing to children
that want to learn and, at the same time, teaches them how to
appear perfectly sane to the people they meet. On the few
occasions when Thompson came home to visit his parents,
they were stunned by the changes. He had gone from being a
disorganized, emotional mess to being a disciplined, clean-cut
and seemingly loving child. The day after his graduation from
the academy, Roland Thompson sabotaged the car his parents
had rented and waited to collect his inheritance. He has
worked for Pentex ever since and quickly became an efficient
First Team leader.

Tanya Woo

Position: Second in Command/ Demolitions Expert

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Subterfuge 4, Drive 4, Etiquette 3, Demolitions 5, Firearms 4,
Melee 3, Leadership 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Enig-
mas 2, Medicine 4, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Resources 1

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Weapons: Glock-17 (one clip of silver ammo, two clips
normal), flare gun, several pounds of plastic explosive and
detonators.

Image: Tanya is a fairly stocky Oriental woman, very
muscular and just a little soft around the gut. Her hair is black
and starting to go gray. She will often flash a quick smile.

Roleplaying Notes: You are almost always smiling because
you are usually thinking about how lovely it will be to watch
everything around you burn. Youare also just a little distracted
by the images you see in your mind, the images of things you've
burned in the past.

Background: The first time you smiled was when you set
your pesky brother on fire. The gag in his mouth kept him quiet
and the wire wrapped around his wrists and ankles kept him
from thrashing around too much. He should never have raped
you. Naturally the rest of the family had to go as well. They
would have told on you. You've been running ever since, but
now you get paid to burn things.

Abraxas

Position: Fomor Agent

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 4, Survival 2

Weapons: "Oh, none for me, thanks."

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium, Exoskeleton, Body-barbs,
Lashing Tail

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Health Levels: 0, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Image: Abraxas is huge. He stands just under 12 feet tall and
is almost as wide. His body is covered with a thick, horny hide
coloreda glossy black and his face has just enough room for eyes
above the large beak that has replaced his mouth. Like an
insect, his skin is segmented, and he can squeeze into remark-
ably narrow regions and can pass between trees that are only a
few inches apart. Lately, a thick syrupy fluid has started leaking
from inside his body. No one has explained to him that he is
dying. He would be less willing to fight if he knew.

Chapter Four: Encounters 77


Roleplaying Notes: Don't talk; kill.

Background: Few people would believe that Abraxas is
only 16 years old. No one so young should be so enormous.
Abraxas decided to run away from home only last year, and,
unfortunately, he ran into a Wyrm-Hole in the process of
trying to find shelter from an approaching storm. The three
hours in that hole caused many changes in Abraxas, and he
would certainly have gone insane if not for his discovery by
Pentex. Pentex supplies Abraxas with food and a place to stay;
the First Team provides him with companionship.

The transformations that continue in Abraxas have re-
moved three levels of health permanently. He will be dead by
the end of the year if his metamorphosis continues.

Jack Sardis

Position: Heavy Artillery

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 3, Drive 4, Firearms 5, Melee 2,
Leadership 2, Repair 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Computer 3,
Politics 2, Science 4,

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Resources 1

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 6

Weapons: Two Colt .45's (one clip of silver ammo each, 6
clips normal).

Image: Balding and scarred, Jack has seen the results of
exploding artillery from less than two feet away. He has large
burn scars over about 80 percent of his body and a smile that
promises great pain to anyone who is an enemy.

Roleplaying Notes: Your only friends are the First Team
members with you at any given time. At the present time, you
only have two heavy handguns with silencers. You're feeling
quite naked without at least a mortar cannon.

Background: Jack came away from Vietnam with a perma-
nent attitude adjustment. He missed the sound of artillery so
much that he decided the mercenary life was for him. He's been
fighting ever since.

Scene Cwo: Day One
(Run Through Che
Jungle)

"T love the smell of napalm in the morning. It smells like....It

smells like victory!"
— Robert Duvall, Apocalypse Now

In this scene, the pack must trek through unfamiliar sec-
tions of the jungle in an attempt to beat the First Team to El
Dorado. The jungle here is heavy with undergrowth. The
location is just right for hiding the first of Samuel Haight's
traps. After several hours of trekking through the woods, the

78 Rage Across the Amazon

pack will run across a faint path where Haight's caravan of
supplies was carried through the undergrowth. A quick glimpse
at the map will show that this path leads directly towards El
Dorado.

It is true that the some of the First Team and their supply
caravan have come this way, but only as a deliberate ploy to
drive the pack into pursuit. The only people that have actually
come this way are the Stragglers, a small group of local natives
(see below) hired to haul supplies and Samuel Haight. Haight
has been along to assist in the scouting of this area. He has
personally chosen the best areas for both placing traps and
hiding the Stragglers.

Any Garou with the Heightened Senses Gift has a decent
chance of recognizing the scent of Samuel Haight (Perception
+ Alertness, difficulty 8). If the scent is recognized (especially
ifthe character has met Samuel Haight in Valkenburg Founda-
tion ), the character will regain one Rage point automatically.

Haight believes in being prepared for any contingency, so
he has decided to lead any pursuing Garou from the true trail
he follows. Simply leading the Garou away is not enough.
Samuel Haight wants their skins; he needs to gather all the
Garou skins that he can for his own sick plans to create his own
tribe of Garou.

Following the path is sure to do two things: lead the pack
away from their actual target and lead them right into a field.
The trap is set up to maim and destroy as many of them as
possible. It will also let Haight know that the Garou are on his
trail.

Samuel Haight has prepared for the Garou, but because of
his own twisted sense of fair play, the traps that wait ahead are
not meant to be fatal. They are simply meant to slow the
pursuers down and "soften them up" for the Stragglers.

Following the path, or even skirting the surrounding area,
will lead the pack to a very thick area of dense growth; it is in
this area that the traps wait. A very obvious trail has been
hacked through here. Past the initial wall of growth, there are
carefully laid claymore mines about every two yards for the
next 20 yards. They are detonated by tripwires (roll Perception
+ Alertness, difficulty 9, to notice). To avoid an exploding
mine, roll Dexterity + Dodge against a difficulty of 9. Each
mine delivers seven levels of non-aggravated damage.

There are also a good number of Samuel Haight's patented
silver-coated throwing spikes. The spikes are set to fall from
concealed boxes hidden in the trees. Wires are on the ground
beneath the boxes (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 9 to
notice). When these are tripped, the contents of the box will
spill onto the Garou. Roll five dice against a difficulty of the
character's Dodge + 3; one spike hits per success scored. Each
spike that strikes a Garou does one level of aggravated damage,
but most of these should simply scatter over the area without
actually striking any of the pack. They are here to simply make
it harder for the pack to get through. If none of the pack has
recognized Samuel Haight is running things, and if they have

met with Haight before, they should have another chance to
recognize his work now.

In addition, Haight has set several simple snares in the area
made of stainless steel cord with silver wires carefully woven
into place. These require a Perception + Alertness roll, diffi-
culty 9, to detect. A Dexterity + Dodge roll, difficulty 8, is
required avoid one that has been triggered. There are only
three of these set. The cords will cause one level of aggravated
damage each turn they are in contact with a Garou's body. The
easiest way to avoid damage is to simply shift into natural breed
form, as silver then does no damage. Of course, the character
still may not be strong enough to break free. Cutting a cord
requires five levels of damage.

Haight's last surprise in the area actually comprises about 50
percent of the traps. Haight has placed what he calls "howlers"
throughout the area. Howlersdonothingmore than cause loud
explosions followed by high pitched, piercing screeches. Those
with Heightened Sensesactive will effectively be deafened and
will likely go into a frenzy to escape the painful noise (the
chance to resist a frenzy is lowered by one for this roll). Of
course, going into a fox frenzy in a mine field can have messy
results.

There is little likelihood of any characters being killed here,
but there isa very real likelihood of being severely injured. Any
of the pack that is still frenzying will run across the final trap on
the other side of the dense growth: two Stragglers with assault
rifles are in the trees patiently waiting for the Garou to come
out. They will gain automatic initiative if any Garou come out
of the traps ina frenzy. The good news for the pack is that they
only have five silver bullets each. The bad news is that the two
Stragglers are sharpshooters.

Six successes at jumping are needed to reach the Stragglers
in the tree. There is a +2 difficulty to hit the Stragglers since
they are partially concealed in the trees.

Sharp Shooting Stragglers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Firearms 5, Melee 3, Repair 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4,
Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2

Powers: Immunity to Delirium

Weapons: H&K G3 (five silver bullets, four normal clips),
combat knife, Colt .45 auto (2 normal clips)

The Stragglers have been promised a bounty of $5,000 for
each Garou they bring back to Samuel Haight, provided the
pelts are mostly intact. Everybody needs extra money in these
times of inflation. These guys intend to bag as many Garou as
possible.

They are the only two surviving members of First Team 18.

Chapter Four: Encounters 79


Scene Three: Day Two
(Meet New Friends)

Cause I got a name and I got a number

I've got a job to do

I got a name and I got a number

and I'm comin' after you.

— Genesis, "I'm coming after you"

By this point, the pack should have a few wounds in need of
healing. Let the pack rest. When night comes, no lights will be
seen in the distance; what little light that exists comes from the
stars above and from the thin sliver of a crescent moon. The
nightis hardly restful, for there are odd sounds in the rain forest.
Distant screams and faint shrieks can be heard. Odd shadows
move through the deeper sections of the jungle.

When the morning comes, the jungle looks more oppres-
sive. The trees that surround the Garou are the same, but the
air feels heavier. The temperature is high enough to make
breathing difficult. Clouds cover the sky and promise to bring
rain in the near future. After the pack has marched for an hour
or so, the rain will begin. Lightning dances across the skies,
thunder shakes the ground and extremely heavy rains wash
from the skies in a futile attempt to wash away the Wyrm's
growing corruption.

80

Rage Across the Amazon

BRIDGES

Several hours of trudging through the mud and rain pass
before much of anything happens. There is a very real danger
of quicksand in the area, but the pack should have little trouble
pulling their friends from the thick quagmires. None of the
spots with quicksand are large enough to grab more than one
Garou at a time.

As the sun is beginning to set at the end of the second day,
the pack meets up with the remaining Stragglers. Unlike the
previous Stragglers, this group is comprised entirely of fomori.
There are four inall, and their only desire is to destroy the pack.
While this group has been offered a substantial sum for intact
Garou pelts, they have also been cautioned by Haight that it
is more important to stop any Garou from breaking through;
nothing must prevent him from getting to El Dorado. The
Stragglers are almost fanatically loyal to Haight and will do
their very best to kill the Garou and leave the pelts intact.

The pack may not be strong enough to do battle with this
many fomori. Donothesitate to have the Chimera switch sides
immediately or to simply reduce the number of fomori oppo-
nents. In either case, the scales shouldbe fairly evenly balanced
between the fomori and the pack.

By the time the pack has finished with the fomori, the sun
has finished setting. Again, the Garou should find it necessary
to rest and recover. Throughout the battle, the rains continue
and lightning thrashes through the tortured skies.

More Stragglers

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 4,
Drive 1, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Performance
(Striptease) 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Investigation 2, Law 1,
Linguistics 4 (Portuguese, Spanish, French, German), Medi-
cine 3 , Occult 2, Politics 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 1

Powers: Infectious Touch, Plasmic Form, Immunity to
Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0 , Willpower 7

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (2 clips silver bullets, 2
regular clips)

Image: Abigail is surprisingly normal in appearance. She
has light brown hair and dark brown eyes. Her skin is oddly
pale.

Roleplaying Notes: There is nothing that delights you
more than watching a Garou slowly suffocate. Your standard
method of attack is to turn into your Plasmic Form and force
yourself down a Garou's throat. (This is a resisted roll of
Dexterity + Brawl versus the target's Stamina + Dodge; three
or more successes will successfully allow her to force herself
down the Garou's throat. Damage is equivalent to Abigail's
Strength and worksassuffocation or drowning in the Werewolf
rulebook. While this damage is not aggravated, the Garou
cannot heal the damage until successfully breaking away from
Abigail.)

When there are too many around to indulge in that simple
pleasure, transform into your Plasmic form and hit as many as
you can with your Infectious Touch. You laugh shrilly when-
ever you succeed in touching an opponent.

Background: Abigail was Kinfolk to the Garou, but she
never knew it. Her parents died in a car accident at an early age
and left her to go from one foster home to another. When she
reached the age of nineteen, Abigail had the misfortune to
attract the attention of an Odyssey research team when
volunteering for college experiments to pay her tuition. Odys-
sey has remade Abigail and explained to her that the Garou are
vile creatures that desire the death of all humans. Everything
that she has seen to date, including the dismemberment of her
original First Team, has convinced her that Odyssey is correct.

Her original team was First Team Number 22.

Lance White, "Fatso"

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4, Melee 4, Survival 3, Enigmas 2,

Investigation 4, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Occult 1,
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2, Allies 2

Powers: Mega-Strength, Hide of the Wyrm, Mouth of the
Wyrm, Stomach Pumper

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 5

Weapons: Silver Axe

Image: Fatso lives up to his name and then some. He weighs
just under 800 pounds and is buried in greasy, seeping flesh.
Lance's hair has fallen out and left open sores. His skin has
taken on a decidedly reddish tone with large purple streaks
from the stretch marks on his skin. Fatso's breath makes sewers
smell sweet in comparison.

Roleplaying Notes: Chuckle to yourself a lot, and swing at
your opponents with all of your might. If you succeed in killing
an opponent, dig in and chow down! Them Garou make
mighty good eatin'!

Background: Lance has always been heavy was always on
one diet plan or another. Then one day he found out about
Iliad and what he thought was a weight reduction program.
Oops!

Hisoriginal team was First Team Number 36. Except for Eel,
the rest of the team was destroyed in a Garou engagement.

Charles Grammmercy, ‘Eel'

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2, Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 4,
Performance 3, Repair 1, Stealth 5, Survival 3, Enigmas 2,
Investigation 4, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 5,
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2

Powers: Extra Limbs, Body-barbs, Umbral Passage, Claws
and Fangs, Hide of the Wyrm

Rage 5, Gnosis 0, Willpower 9

Weapons: Why bother?

Image: Eel is extremely gaunt in appearance with sleek
black skin. His body is entirely hairless and his face rather
resembles that of an eel. Virtually every joint in his body has
spurs of bone erupting from the flesh. Most of these spurs leave
acrust of blue scabrous material where they have erupted. The
spurs are something new to Eel. He has yet to decide whether
he likes them.

Roleplaying Notes: You practically purr when youtalk, and
you like the way you look. Youare extremely grateful to Pentex
and will gladly do anything for them.

Background: When the doctors told Charles Grammercy
he had only a few months to live he took it very poorly. Who
wouldn't? When the Iliad Project offered a slim chance of
recovery, achance to beat the thrice-damned AIDS virus that
was destroying his body, Charles jumped at the chance. The
chemical stew he was injected with was incredible. His entire

Chapter Four: Encounters 81


body felt revitalized. It was less than a week later that more
serious changes started to occur. Charles is very grateful for the
second chance at life... even if the life is destined to be very
different from the one he once knew. Charles is willing to do
anything at all for Pentex. They saved him from his worst
nightmare: aslow agonizing death. Charles was always the type
of man who preferred the idea of "going out ina blaze of glory."

His original team, along with Fatso, was First Team Number 36.

Meeks

Race: Chimera

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5 , Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5, Perception 6,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 5, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3,
Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 5, Leadership 1 ,
Performance 4, Stealth 5, Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Investiga-
tion 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 5

Backgrounds: none

Powers: Shapeshifting, Extra Limbs (adds six dice to mul-
tiple attacks only), Claws and Fangs

Rage 0, Gnosis 2, Willpower 7

Weapons: Two large klaives.

Image: Meeks has chosen to be female and normally shows
itself as an attractive woman with long blond hair and blue
eyes.

Roleplaying Notes: Pick a target carefully, find the one that
looks most injured amongst your enemies and shape yourself to
the exact image. Apologize profusely for what you are about to
do, for it hurts you to kill Garou; they have always been friendly
to you in the past. This job bothers you, for you have always
liked Garou, but the only way to get your mate back is to assist
in the Pentex battle for the Amazon. If you ever find Robert
Allred on the street, he is a dead man.

Under no circumstances will you harm a follower of the
Chimera! Meeks will attempt, using facial expressions, to
explain that she wishes no harm. If the tides have turned
against the Garou, she will beg the Garou she attacks to play
"possum"

Background: Meeks does not like Pentex. She simply has
no choice in what she is doing. If a Garou were to offer
assistance, she would switch sides immediately, as she has come
to think of the Garou as honorable. There is no honor in
Pentex, only pain. Meeks believes her mate is held by Robert
Allred and feels she has no choice but to assist Pentex in their
schemes. In truth, it is Elliot Meiche who held her poor mate
Tobora, but he has long since destroyed him in an attempt to
gain information about the Chimera race.

Arthur Barrister

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 0,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 1,
Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 5, Leadership 4, Performance 1,
Repair 4, Stealth 4, Survival 1, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4

Powers: Eyes of the Wyrm, Webbing, Roar of the Wyrm,
Immunity to Delirium, Lashing Tail

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic

Image: His slimy skin is covered with pus-filled blisters. Of
the four Team members, Arthur Barrister looks the most like
acreature of the Wyrm. He has no legs and his long tail slithers
across the ground. His eyes are always wide open and his mouth
is filled with cilia instead of teeth.

Roleplaying Notes: Kill, Kill, Kill!

Background: Arthur Barrister was born the illegitimate son
of Robert Allred, who didn't like the idea of illegitimate
children or lawsuits very much. Allred had both the newborn
and his mother captured by a First Team and personally
delivered to Iliad. Poor Arthur has been in the hands of Pentex
for the last fifteen years. Only Samuel Haight and the other
fomori have ever shown him kindness without squirming at
the thought.

He was a member of First Team Number 55, destroyed

during a Garou assault.
Chree

Scene Four:
(Hardships Untold And
(Dangers Unnubered)

Thought it was a nightmare

Lord, it was so true

Here come the don't know walkin' slow

Devil's on the loose

Better run through the jungle...

— Credence Clearwater Revival, "Run Through
The Jungle"

The first light of the morning is virtually non-existent. The
storm clouds have darkened. The only hint of sunrise is a pale
circle of light trying in vain to break through the clouds. The
rains are now so severe that the leaves of the trees are bent
down by the crushing weight of the falling water.

In the far distance, the Garou can hear a roaring rushing
sound. A small creek has now become a raging river. Even the
water-soaked trees are only dark silhouettes in the furious
torrent of rain. Occasionally, the entire sky is briefly lit by blasts
of lightning that stretch from horizon to horizon.

82 Rage Across the Amazon

The map that the pack carries is wet, but readable. The path
the pack has followed this far is gone. The only option is to
trudge on. Gaia is maddened with pain and, in the deep
untouched jungles, Gaia's pain isa very real danger. After only
a few hundred yards, the pack will notice that the sound of the
river is coming closer. The river will be visible soon.

The flood waters have lifted the river well beyond the banks
normally here; trees have become submerged in the raging
waters, and rapidly dying Glade Spirits can be seen in the
depths of the trees that are lifted and hurled aside by the foam
crested waters.

Any Garou brave or foolish enough to attempt swimming
across the river must make no less than five successes on a
Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 7) for every 10 feet he
crosses. The river is 50 feet across at its narrowest. A failure will
have the Garou dragged by the waters for at least a mile, and
a botch will result in the unfortunate Garou being struck by
high speed debris and knocked senseless for two turns. Should
the Garou have more than two consecutive botches, she will
be knocked unconscious by the repeated impacts.

If there isno rope, the Garou may feel that there is no choice
but to force a tree down and use it as a bridge. The trees are
certainly tall enough here, but the feat of crossing the tree
without falling into the river below will require a Dexterity +
Athletics roll (difficulty 7). Well equipped Garou may also
attempt to attach ropes to the trees to use as anchors. If the
Garou are this sensible, then their difficulty is reduced to 5. If
acharacter falls, refer to the Werewolf rulebook (page 196) for
tules on drowning.

The pack will likely be substantially delayed by the unex-
pected river. Beyond the river itself, the ground starts to slowly
climb upwards. The ground is not steep, but five accumulated
successes on an extended Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty
7) is required to successfully climb up the water slicked hills. A
failure will result in a slip and tumble to the foot of the hills,
causing another delay inreaching El Dorado. A botch willsend
the character rolling and tumbling all the way down to the
river where the unfortunate Garou must again climb from the
waters and trek up the hill. The pack should be reminded that
somewhere ahead of them, Samuel Haight and his First Team
are also struggling to get to El Dorado.

Beyond the hills, there is a sheer cliff face, dropping down
into a deep valley. It is here that El Dorado once existed in the
physical world. The face of the cliff has many minute cracks
and crevices. A good climber should have little difficulty in
getting down the cliff on a clear sunny day. Today is anything
butsunny. Between the winds in excess of 30 miles an hourand
the torrential rainfall, the slick stone wall might as well be oiled
glass.

The cliffs face is extremely steep and drops for over 200 feet.
Climbing down will require a cumulative total of 20 suce
on a Dexterity + Athletics roll at a difficulty of 8. For each
success, the character has successfully lowered 10 feet. A botch
at any time means that the character has slipped and fallen.
Roll one die of damage for every 10 feet that the character falls.
This is normal damage and may be soaked. Again, characters

Chapter Four: Encounters 83


who have brought a substantial length of rope with them
should be just fine; the difficulty for descending is then reduced
to 5.

The valley spans across a substantial area and looks rather
like a crater from above. The forest is closely packed in the
valley. In the distance, towards the center of the valley, a
column of stone is visible. From the valley's floor the stone is
no longer visible, blocked from view by the trees of the forest.
According to the map, this stone is the pack's destination.

After descending (or falling) into the valley, the pack has
one more obstacle, a Bastet of the Balam tribe. Ballengash is
not used to Garou, save for the occasional Black Fury passing
through his territory very politely. He will be extremely
displeased by any Garou bearing a bad attitude. Ballengash
holds the entire valley as his Den-Realm and has done so for
the last 15 years.

Should the pack contain any members of the Black Fury
tribe or show Ballengash their Black Fury fetish, he will let
them pass through his territory. Should the pack be offensive
in any way, especially if they are contemptuous, Ballengash
will make their livesa living hell. Samuel Haight has managed
to slip past the Balam while he was busy in his Den-Realm.
Ballengash knows that someone passed through earlier, but
does not who it was.

Garou attempting to pass into the Umbra will find a
substantial barrier in their way (Gauntlet 7). Again, the Garou
shouldbe civil or they will find themselves harried by Ballengash.
Social skills will be far more useful than combat abilities. If the
pack is civil, Ballengash will lead them directly to El Dorado's
Realm. If the pack is offensive, Ballengash will step into his
Den-Realm and skip about the characters, making sudden
sneak attacks while drawing them slowly away from their
target (roll Ballengash's Manipulation + Enigmas versus the
Wits + Enigmas of the characters to succeed in misleading the
pack).

If Ballengash decides to lead the pack away from the Dorado
Realm's entrance, he will attempt to get them hopelessly lost.
If he succeeds, he will then leave them alone, keeping a
watchful eye. If he fails, he will start using guerrilla warfare
tactics and his superior knowledge of the area. As the Den-
Realm is directly linked to the Dorado Realm, Ballengash also
has easy access to a large supply of silver and, if blatantly
attacked, he will retaliate with silver tipped spears.

Ballengash is extremely defensive about his territory and
will fight to the death against a pack that causes him grief. If the
pack actually takes the time to simply discuss their problem
with Ballengash, he will aid them in any way possible. Ballengash
considers El Dorado to be his friend and will gladly fight to
protect the mage.

Ballengash

Tribe: Balam

Age: 32

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 1, Animal Ken 3, Melee 3, Leadership 2, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 5, Survival 5, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Medicine 3, Occult 5, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Den-Realm 3, Resources 5 (El Dorado's
gold, which he constantly "borrows").

Gifts: Beastmind, Trackless Waste, Catfeet, Razor Claws,
Blur of the Milky Eye, Lick Wounds, Eyes of the Cat, Sense of
the Prey, Taking the Forgotten, Shriek, Walking Between
Worlds

Rank: 4

Rage 6, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7

Rites: Taghairm Rite, Rite of Claiming, Rite of Binding,
Rite of the Fetish, The Badger's Burrow

Fetishes: Bastet Klaive, Sanctuary Chimes

Image: In Homid form, Ballengash is dark skinned with
long straight black hair and greenish-gold eyes. He dresses in
a traditional style, with a ceremonial kilt and a long feather
decorated cloak. The clothes have been chosen just in case
anyone important will visit. While he would never admit it, he
thinks of the Garou as important visitors to his area. He wears
an ornate headdress made of cloth, woven with gold and
adorned with feathers. In the center of the headdress is a gold
jaguar's head.

In Crinos form, Ballengash is just over eight feet tall with
light brown fur. The sun has bleached his fur in some places.

Roleplaying Notes: You will wait to be formally addressed
by the Garou. This is only proper. They are entering your
territory and should request permission. You will not speak
unless spoken to, and you love to stare at the Garou intently.
You like it when the Garou are nervous. Always smile before
answering questions and always snarl when insulted.

Background: Ballengash has always lived in this valley. He
has left only once, and even then, he returned as quickly as he
could. He knows the precise location of El Dorado and has
been to the Dorado Realm on numerous occasions. The Black
Furies respect him and could not care less about the gold he
pilfers from time to time. The gold is everywhere in the Dorado
Realm and is effectively useless to the Furies.

84 Rage Across the Amazon

Scene Five:
Lost Or Win, The Race

Js Done

With or without the assistance of Ballengash, the pack
finally reaches entrance to the Dorado Realm. The Dorado
Realm is well hidden and would normally require years to find.
This is because the passage to the Realm is hidden fifteen feet
off the floor of the valley on the side of the stone column. It
appears as a hole in the stone.

The column is only 40 feet tall. The vast majority of the
stone is entwined in vines, making it'seem like any of the other
countless trees unless a Perception + Alertness roll is made
against a difficulty of 6. The entrance to El Dorado's Realm is
only open at night. It can only be reached by climbing the side
of the column facing Luna. Even on nights where there is no
moon, the passage is there, just harder to find.

Che Dorado Realm

The entrance to the Realm opensa mere foot anda half into
the stone column. The Dorado Realm is extremely large-
several times larger than the entire area of the valley . It is
nighttime in the Dorado Realm as well, but there are no storm
clouds. The air is sweet with the distant smell of cinnamon.
The air is drier 1d cooler by at least 15 degrees. The pack will

Waterfall Gorge

Forest

a. El Dorado Square
(see detail map)
b. Agricultural' Terraces

find themselves standing on a shelf of stone. A hundred yards
from the entrance is a great, gaping chasm that reaches a long
way towards the horizon on both sides.

Far to the left (the north), there is a primordial jungle with
trees that are almost impossibly tall. It is from this direction
that the wind carries the scent of cinnamon. Still a good
distance away to the right (the south), but closer than the
jungle, there is an immense lake. There is apparently no end to
this lake. It goes on forever, as if the pack were staring at the
ocean. Directly across the chasm is El Dorado, a good quarter
mile or more away. It is a clear night, and the city is bathed in
moonlight.

Next to this picture of idyllic paradise is one of horror. Two
dead Garou corpses lie nearby in pools of their own blood.
There skins have been removed. The victims are Black Furies
from the El Dorado Sept of Gold.

If the characters have met Haight before (Valkenburg Foun-
dation), and still haven't recognized his scent or actions, they
will definitely recognize who they are up against now. If the
team has never met with Haight previously, then they should
be allowed a Intelligence + Occult roll at a difficulty of 8 to
recognize the trademark work of the Skinner. It is safe to
assume that even if the pack has never met with Samuel Haight
before, they would have a substantial chance of having heard
of the fiend's actions.

All members of the pack gain an automatic point of Rage.
This isa heinous crime. Any Black Fury will gain an automatic

EI Dorado

Chapter Four: Encounters 85


three Rage points. In the far distance, well beyond the gaping
chasm, sounds of gunfire and howls of pain can be heard.

The pack must now find a way across the chasm. On the
near side, a bridge can be seen hanging downwards, cut at the
far end by Haight after crossing. The pack can either run the
mile and a half to the deep forest, or run to the edge of Lake
Parima, halfa mile away, swimminga good mile orso until they
can reach solid land. Either way, they will be substantially
delayed.

The Chasm

The chasm before Dorado is immense, easily a thousand or
more yards across. The chasm has grown steadily over the
centuries, the only sign of instability in the Dorado Realm. The
shifting into the Umbra of so large a mass caused minor flaws
in the land transported. The chasm exists as a result of these
flaws and a bridge has existed almost since the time of the
original shifting.

The chasm is quite literally bottomless. Any foolish enough
to attempt scaling down one side will enter a different section
of the Umbra. There is no way to return from a fall into the
chasm. There is only one entrance into the Dorado Realm. A
character who falls or climbs down into the chasm would have
to physically walk back to the main entrance of the Dorado
Realm, a trek that would take months.

The Chasm has grown so large now that a waterfall on the
same scale as Niagara Falls now exists where Lake Parima pours
into the Chasm. Being in the Umbra, Parima is constantly
renewed and in no danger of ever draining. There has never
been a need to halt the water's descent.

Swimming Lake Parima

Should the pack attempt to swim Lake Parima in an attempt
to get to the actual city of Dorado, they may have a few nasty
surprises on their hands. A powerful undertow pulls towards
the chasm. If the pack attempts to simply dive in and start
swimming, they will find that the undertow is easily as strong
as the river they encountered before (extended action of four
rolls: Strength + Athletics or Swimming, difficulty 7; 15
successes to clear the shortest distance between the two
shores). A botch means the difficulty increases to 9 as the
character is pulled into a even stronger section of the under-
tow. A second botch means increasing the difficulty to 10,
whilea third botch means that the character has gone over the
edge of the chasm. Three successes on a subsequent Strength
+ Athletics roll, difficulty 8, will allow the character to catch
herself on the edge of the chasm and climb back up. She would
then have to start all over again.

Ifthe pack tries "dog-paddling" at the surface of the lake, the
difficulty is only a5 (for those in Lupus form, it isa 4). Ifthe pack
once again uses a life saving rope by tying themselves into a
chain, they can make the trek across with no serious risk. The
minimum time to run the required half mile and swim the
necessary distance is 30 minutes.

86 Rage Across the Amazon


The Forest of El Dorado

The forest of El Dorado is not just a jungle, it is a jungle in
the Umbra. Long ago, when this section of the jungle was
simply a part of Earth, the oddities that still reside here were
known to all. The Technomancers who mapped El Dorado
and his city out of existence also mapped the denizens of these
woods out of existence as well. There is only one place left for
these creatures- the Realm of El Dorado.

Should the Garou ask for help from the oddities, they will
receive assistance. Should they ignore them, the oddities will
return the favor. Should the pack foolishly decide to attack,
this will also be returned in kind.

Other creatures can be seen in the jungles. Reptilian beasts
scurry away when anything approaches. Boars as large as
economy cars lumber in the distance. Strange monkeys with
snakelike fangs watch from the trees. All of them will keep
their distance from the Garou.

The trip through the jungle is relatively harmless and will
take 30 to 40 minutes without assistance. The Ewaipanoma
know short cuts to the city and could get them there in ten
minutes.

Ewaipanoma - The Headless Men

The Ewaipanoma are "Headless Men," an unusual tribe of
beings that has long been extinct in the material world, wiped
out by the Wyrm-corrupted Europeans. These Europeans
called them "Acephali," naming them from their own ancient
legends. They feared them as cannibals and savages. While it
is true that they are primarily meat eaters, they are hardly
cannibals. They are only savage in their fighting techniques.
Few Ewaipanoma remain in El Dorado and, in truth, are hardly
"headless." Their faces are simply located in the center of their
chests.

Living strictly in these woods, having little contact with
humans or Garou, the Ewaipanoma are almost painfully shy.
This does not, however, stop them from hunting down the
gigantic boars that roam the woods, and it certainly does not
stop them from protecting themselves.

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 5,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 4, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Animal Ken 4,
Melee 5, Stealth 3, Survival 5, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 3,
Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (El Dorado)

Powers: The Ewaipanoma may be considered to have the
equivalent of Rage only for the purpose of gaining extra
actions. They do not frenzy.

Rage 3, Gnosis 1, Willpower 5

Weapons: The headless men have no natural weaponry,
but they carry long spears with silver tips.

Image: The Ewaipanoma are heavily muscled and gargan-
tuan, standing just over 12 feet tall. The Ewaipanoma's thick

skin is dark brown and textured like bark. While the headless
men are not in any way Wyrm-corrupted, it is always possible
that, spotted one at a time, the pack may think that they are
fomori. If attacked, the Ewaipanoma will call for assistance
from its people and fight to the death. The headless men give
and ask no quarter.

Roleplaying Notes: Never turn your back on the enemy
and never surrender. If you are treated civil, you will welcome
anyone you meet as a friend. Long association with the Black
Furies has left you with the ability to understand and even
speak with the Garou. El Dorado is your friend and protector,
and you would die for him.

Seene Six:
The Fall of El Dorado

She cried to the southern winds

About a love that was sure to end

Every dream in her heart was gone

Heading for a showdown...

— Electric Light Orchestra, "Showdown"

At first glimpse, the city of El Dorado is a miraculous sight.
Buildings of marble and gold stand proudly against the night
sky and torches light streets that are quite literally lined with
gold. The amount of gold in the city of El Dorado could easily
destroy the market price of gold irrevocably. Tons upon tons of
gold can be seen here.

Upon closer inspection, the pack can see where large
portions of the city have now fallen into disrepair. Buildings
have been deserted for years and are slowly being reclaimed by
the forest. At one time, the area where the pack meets with the
Ewaipanoma was the edge of the city. Now, unless they have
the help of the Headless Men, the area looks like nothing more
than steep, inaccessible hills. In truth, there is a short-cut, but
the chances of the pack locating the path are extremely slim
(Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 10 with a minimum of
three successes required).

Unless the pack was successful in beating Samuel Haight to
El Dorado, they will come across devastation on a level that is
physically repellent. Coming into the actual city, they will find
the bodies of 30 or so Native Amazonian Kinfolk, all merci-
lessly shot down or simply torn apart by the First Team.
Scattered among the remains of the Kinfolk, three Garou
corpses can be found. Each Black Fury corpse has been meticu-
lously skinned.

For once, though, things look a little advantageous to the
pack. There are three First Team members out here as well, all
quite dead. There is no sign of anyone else. If the Ewaipanoma
or Ballengash have joined the pack, they can point the way to
where El Dorado lies sleeping. Otherwise, the Garou will have
to try locating the mage inside the remains of the city.

Even without help, though, the pack should have little
difficulty in locating El Dorado: the sounds of battle lead
deeper into the city proper, as do the signs of devastation.

Chapter Four: Encounters 87


Halfway to El Dorado's resting place, two Black Furies are
fighting savagely against members of Haight's First Team. The
Black Furies have already been injured. These First Teamers
have a surprising amount of silver ammunition, much more
than is typical for the Pentex troops. A great deal of that
ammunition has already been spent.

Four First Team members are hiding nearby. They are the
remains of First Team Number 69. Consider all members of the
First Team to be down two Health Levels; the Black Furies are
down four levels each. If the pack does not assist the Black
Furies, they will be dead soon. This has been a bloody battle,
and the Black Furies have definitely lived up to their tribal
name.

The Black Fury Amazons:
Klymtra and Alestro

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard and Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Archery 5,
Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimida-
tion 4, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1,
Melee 5 (spears), Leadership 2, Stealth 2, Survival 4,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Medicine 4, Occult 4, Ritu-
als 3

Weapons: Bow and Arrows (silver), silver tipped spears

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Pure Breed 2, Resources 5

Gifts: Klymtra: Smell of Man, Beast Speech, Heightened
Senses, Distractions, Sense of the Prey, Visceral Agony; Alestro:
Persuasion, RazorClaws, Sense Wyrm, Sense Silver, Staredown,
Coup de Grace

Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Image: The Black Furies of the Dorado Realm are as
traditional as any to be found. Even in Homid form they wear
very little clothing. They are almost entirely South American
in appearance, a result of breeding with the natives of the
Amazon.

Roleplaying Notes: Under normal circumstances, these
are not very outgoing Garou. Under the present circum-
stances, they are grateful to any who are of assistance and busy
tearing apart anything that gets in their way.

Background: The Black Furies of the Sept of Gold have
been living in the Dorado Realm for centuries, leaving only
when low on good breeding stock to mate with. If the natives
of the closest villages could be convinced to talk, they would
tell stories of the demons that came in the night and stole their
men or simply forced themselves on them before leaving. The
Kinfolk in El Dorado are almost entirely the victims of pillag-
ing in local villages and are — or were — quite content with
their lives. They have been treated very well, although they are
still second-class citizens. These Furies are the basis for the

Rage Across the Amazon


legendary Amazon warriors of lore, and their ancestors were
responsible for the deaths of many of the Conquistadors of old.

When the time came for El Dorado to rest and learn the
ways of Gaia, the Black Furies of the Amazon vowed to protect
him in return for the assistance he had given countless times
in the past. This is a vow they have always kept.

If the characters aid the Furies and survive, they will plead
with the pack to rush to the inner square to save El Dorado
before it is too late.

First Ceam Yurnber 69
Anthony Blakernoor

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Drive 3, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3, Investigation 2,
Medicine 3 , Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3

Powers: Infectious Touch, Eyes of the Wyrm, Immunity to
Delirium

Rage 0, Gnosis 0 , Willpower 7

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (2 clips silver bullets, 2
regular clips), two silver knives.

Image: Anthony is covered with blisters. Upon contact, the
rapidly growing blisters crack and spill infection upon any who
come in touch them. His face is so blistered that only one eye
opens properly.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a non-stop flurry of foul
language. Insult the heritage of everyone you fight.

Background: Some people have all the luck; you've had
none of it. If you'd thought a little blackmail on the side would
cause you this much trouble, you'd just have given Elliot
Meiche back his collection of private video tapes instead of
trying to sell them.

Cerry Williamson

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Cha-
tisma 0, Manipulation 0 Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 1, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3

Powers: Mega-Strength, Exoskeleton, Body-barbs

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Weapons: None

Chapter Four: Encounters

Image: Terry is completely covered by a thick bony hide
covered with spikes.

Roleplaying Notes: Most of Terry's mind was destroyed a
long time ago, but she still knows how to fight, so she is still
useful. Smile broadly, drool and take your best shot at anything
your teammate tells you to destroy.

Background: When your father was dismissed from Pentex,
you made ita strong point to go after the bastard that cost daddy
his job. You should have never slapped Danforth Stern in the
face, and youcertainly should have made certain his bodyguard

fomori weren't present. If you could remember any of this,
you'd probably still be pissed off about the whole thing.

(Danny Vanderhooten

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Melee 4, Stealth 5, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Occult 1,
Politics 3, Web-Making 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3

Powers: Tail, Claws and Fangs, Webbing, Berserker

Rage 5, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: Silver studded club.

Image: Danny's body has changed to the point where he
rather resembles a large black scorpion standing on its hind
legs. His skin looks deceptively hard and is only as tough as
normal flesh.

Roleplaying Notes: You have the annoying tendency of
trying to sing victoriously in battle. Sadly, your vocal cords no
longer function properly, so all anyone hears is a series of
grunts.

Background: Hey, all Danny was trying to do was get a
medication that would finally cure his terminal case of acne,
okay? It's not his fault! Just ask him, he'll do his best to tell you.

Dwayne Billingsley

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 3,
Drive 3, Firearms 3, Melee 5, Leadership 4, Performance 1,
Repair 4, Stealth 4, Survival 1, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3

Powers: Fangs and Claws, Roar of the Wyrm, Immunity to
Delirium, Extra Limbs

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 4

Weapons: .45 Colt automatic (1 clip silver, 2 clips regular),
Rocket Launcher (now empty).

Image: Dwayne has dark gray skin and seven extra limbs
that resemble crab arms growing from his elbows. His face has

twelve tiny orbs in a perfect circle growing over the cavern he
calls his mouth.
Roleplaying Notes: Grab 'em, bite 'em, eat 'em.
Background: Dwayne learned a important lesson too late
in his life: never volunteer to be a guinea pig in place of a life-
time spent in prison. Dwayne is brought to you courtesy of the
fine people at the Iliad Project.

At ‘The Gates

The pack will likely be kept occupied for some time while
helping the Black Furies, but when the fighting is done, there
will be little time for anything beyond a nod of thanks. There
is still Samuel Haight to deal with and, once again, Haight has
a few tricks up his sleeve.

The run to El Dorado's square is short, only a few hundred
yards, but the pack soon discovers that Samuel Haight is not
alone. Samuel Haight has a tendency to draw the twisted and
lonely to his side, and it seldom takes him long to win their
loyalty. Standing outside of El Dorado's square are two vam-
pires, one more fomori, and a Garou. They stand in front of a
set of closed doors, and they are ready to do bloody combat to
the death. The worst part of this, aside from the combat, is that
one of the Leeches might look very familiar if the pack helped
in the war against the Leeches in Under A Blood Red Moon.

One of the Leeches is Mary Johnson, a 10-year old Kinfolk
of the Garou who was Embraced by Sabbat and believed
destroyed in Chicago. The other vampire is Mary's first at-

90 Rage Across the Amazon

tempt at Embracing another (she's still quite new at it). The
fomori makes most of those the pack has faced so far look down-
right petite. The Garou is a poor soul who has been corrupted
by a fomori and is easily mistaken for a Black Spiral Dancer.

All but Owl Eyes, the Garou, will attack the pack immedi-
ately. The pack and the Black Furies have a fight on their
hands. Mary Johnson will immediately attack any Garou she
recognizes from Chicago. She will scream accusations and
condemnations at the top of her lungs and start firing. She will
give them no chance to apologize or explain why they mur-
dered her family. If she does not recognize a member of the
pack, killing the closest Lupine will just have to do.

Mary Johnson

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 5, Firearms 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 4, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Allies 5

Disciplines: Fortitude 3, Presence 2, Dominate 1, Vicissi-
tude 1 (allows her to make minoralterations in her appearance
or mimic the voice of another; full details are in The Sabbat
Players Guide).

Path of Enlightenment: none

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self Control 3, Courage 5

Willpower 10

Blood Pool: 10/1

Weapons: A serious case of guilt (to be thrown immediately
at any Garoushe has met in the past), an H&K G3 assault rifle,
two full silver clips and a very bad attitude.

Image: Mary is a cute little moppet with curly blond hair,
pretty blue eyes and an adorable pout that hides her sizable
fangs. Mary is also cut in several places from the damage done
to her by the Garou when they believed they had killed her.
Most of the serious damage is gone, but the surface wounds are
still there. Every day when Mary sleeps she has horrible
nightmares about how her Kinfolk came into the house and
killed her. They killed her family, too. Each day when she
awakens, the wounds are back. Today she has not gotten
around to curing them.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate Garou! They came into your
house, they assaulted your family and tore them apart just
because they were different. You know what Samuel Haight
told you was right: they were resentful of your family gaining
power, because with the power that you and Sam have, the
Garou can no longer consider you as second class citizens.
Well, here's your chance to blow the bastards to Kingdom
Come. Start firing away, just like Samuel taught you to.

Background: If you have Under A Blood Red Moon, you
already know about Mary Johnson, but just to be safe, here it
goes: Mary was a 10-year old Kinfolk of the Garou when the
war for Chicago was fought. She and her family allowed a
Garou pack (the player characters) to stay with them and after
a few days were attacked by a Sabbat pack and Embraced.

When the Garou came back to the house, they found that the

entire family (except for a few missing and dead members) had
become Leeches.

The chances are good that the pack killed the Kinfolk on
sight, but even if they did not, other Garou certainly would
have. In either case, Mary was believed dead when she wasn't.
She managed to crawl away as the Garou were starting to
dispose of the bodies. Having heard discussions about Pentex,
she even managed to make her way to one of the Pentex offices
in the weeks that followed.

Finding a young Sabbat vampire who wanted assistance,
Robert Allred was all too eager to help. Allred has promised
assistance in her training in exchange for Mary's loyalty to
Pentex, and Mary has agreed. Having seen her family torn to
shreds by Garou, Mary has developed a perverse hatred for all
Garou. Then she met Samuel Haight. Haight has told Mary
the truth about what he is, and Mary has come to look upon
Haight with a sense of awe that borders on religious fervor.
Mary will do anything for Samuel Haight, anything at all.

Richard Justice, "Juicer"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 5,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Animal Ken 2, Drive 2,

Chapter Four: Encounters 91


Firearms 4, Melee 4, Leadership 2, Repair 2, Stealth 4,
Survival 4, Computer 3, Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3

Disciplines: Fortitude 1

Weapons: H&K G3 assault rifle with no bullets left.

Path of Enlightenment: none

Conscience 1, Self Control 4, Courage 5

Willpower 6

Blood Pool: 10/1

Image: Richard is still wearing his shredded Pentex uni-
form. Despite his current lack of wounds, his clothes are still
wet with his fresh blood. He has dark curly hair, gray eyes and
big fangs in a very hungry looking mouth.

Roleplaying Notes: Until just a few minutes ago, you were
dying, torn apart by one of those freaky bears with the bigclaws.
Now you feel just fine- damn good in fact. It was that little girl's
blood in your mouth that did it. But man, are you hungry.
Maybe if you tackled one of the big guys coming your way you
could drink him dry. Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.

Background: Richard got himself torn apart in the fighting
just minutes ago. Samuel decided it would be sweet of Mary to
give him the Embrace and even made sure that she licked his
wounds first. He lost a lot of blood, and right now he's seconds
away from a feeding frenzy.

(Dominic King

Attributes: Strength 9, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge 4, Leadership 3,
Survival 5, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 3

Powers: Mindblock and Sense Magic (both function as the
Garou Gifts), Hand of the Earth Lord, Body-barbs, Mega-
Strength, Infectious Touch, Exoskeleton, Extra Limbs, Eyes of
the Wyrm

Rage 0, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Image: Dominic looks like a praying mantis seen under the
influence of mind altering drugs. He is just under seven feet tall
and has a red chitinous hide with six small arms all ending in
pincers or giant serrated blades.

Roleplaying Notes: You adore Samuel Haight; you would
die for Samuel Haight. Mostly, you will kill and skin Garou for
Samuel Haight. After all, if not for him, you wouldn't even be
here.

Background: Once upon a time, Dominic King worked for
the Nolan Harker Mining and Transportation Company. He
knew Samuel very well; they talked often about what they were
going todo with their lives. Dominic heard all about the Garou
and the plans that Samuel had for them. Samuel even offered
to let Dominic in on the plans once he had enough skins, but
fate took the opportunity away from him. When the two of
them were inspecting one of the company's mines, fate opted

instead to have Dominic fall into a shaft that shouldn't have
been there.

Samuel Haightrisked great personal injury to pull Dominic's
broken body from the Wyrm Hole. Then he pulled a few strings
to ensure that Project Iliad came up with a way to save
Dominic. The metamorphosis hurt, but when he had finally
clawed his way out of the cocoon his body had built, he was a
glorious killing machine. Samuel even took the whole thing
one step further and made sure that Project Odyssey knew of
Dominic's unique mental talents. Now Dominic is a fighting
machine in more ways than one.

Owl Eyes Bane Snatcher

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Uktena

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4,
Leadership 3, Performance 2, Stealth 4, Survival 2, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 3, Occult 5,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Past Life 4, Kinfolk 3, Allies 3, Resources 2

Gifts: Spirit Speech, Sense Magic, Sense Wyrm, Burrow,
Curse of Hatred, Sight from Beyond, Spirit of the Fish, Spirit
of the Bird

Rank: 3

Renown: Glory 10,000, Wisdom 20,000, Honor 14,000

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Ritual of the Questing Stone,
Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caer, Rite
of Binding, Rite of Becoming, Ritual of Summoning, Rite of
the Fetish

Image: Owl Eyes is covered in patchy fur and has one
ridiculously short arm. His furless sections of flesh are rapidly
being covered over with hard callused scales, and the stench of
the Wyrm is oozing from him. His eyes are maddened with the
fight to retain control, a fight that he is rapidly losing.

Roleplaying Notes: The damnable voices won't leave you
alone! You are Garou, you must honor Gaia, but the voices
keep telling you otherwise. You will not attack the Garou, and
if they should attack you, you will thank them and bare your
throat. You want the suffering to end.

Background: Owl Eyes Bane-Snatcher always suffered for
being born a metis. He had hoped that coming down to the
Amazonand gaining glory would change that. Sofar, ithasnot.
When Owl Eyes found the Conquistador's Sword, he knew he
was doing well. When he saw Samuel Haight, he knew that
there would soon be much renown for the killing of the
Skinner. Samuel Haight beat him to the ground and knocked
him unconscious.

92 Rage Across the Amazon

When heawoke, Haight thanked him forthe Conquistador's
Sword and left Owl Eye's bound body to the gentle ministra-
tions of Dominic King. That was three weeks ago. The Wyrm
has started eating away at the Garou's soul. He could feel the
changes occurring in his body, but he has lacked the courage
to just kill himself outright. He will gladly let the pack end his
suffering. Whether he can still stay his hand in combat is
debatable. The Wyrm's corruption has spread through his
body. He is barely capable of keeping control and has been
using sheer Willpower to keep himself on Gaia's path.

The Chambers

If the pack has allied themselves with Ballengash, the
Ewaipanoma or the Chimera, they will likely be in fairly good
shape by the end of this battle. If the pack has opted to go it
alone, there isa pretty good chance that they are suffering from
heavy damages by the time this battle is finished. Either way
there is still one final task: Samuel Haight must be stopped
from killing El Dorado.

The next obstacle is a set of heavy gold doors. These doors
are closed and have been barricaded from the inside. Opening
these doors will require a Strength of 15. More than one person
is needed to push these doors open. A Willpower roll to force
these doors would be at a difficulty of 9.

Once inside the main room of El Dorado's lair, there is much
to see. Three Black Furies lay heavily wounded. They have
joined hands and are concentrating. These three Furies are
older than any of the warriors the pack has seen so far. They are
concentrating on summoning Wyld Spirits. All three have
been wounded beyond the point of fighting, and trails of blood
can be seen where two of them have crawled over to the
weakest of the three.

The entire room is covered in gold and precious gems. In the
very center of the room is El Dorado himself, struggling for his
life against Samuel Haight. El Dorado has just awakened. He
is fatigued by his sudden trip back in to his own body and is still
disoriented. Confusion and pain can be seen on his face, even
through the protective golden dust that covers his body.
Haight is taking full advantage of the situation.

As the pack enters the room and finally sees the reason for
their quest, Samuel Haight thrusts the Conquistador's Sword
deep into El Dorado's heart. The mage and Haight are both
briefly covered in a corona of energy. As the energy fades, El
Dorado slumps forward. El Dorado is dead.

The energies continue to surround Samuel Haight. He grins
triumphantly until the Conquistador's Sword in his massive
hands shatters into tiny fragments. His glee quickly switches to
shock and then to fury.

At this point, it is very likely that the pack will attempt to
attack Samuel Haight, but they will be too late again. Haight
is attacked instead by the three Wyld Spirits that have been
summoned by the Black Fury elders. Even as the pack ad-
vances, three whirling maelstroms erupt around Haight, lifting
him into the air and devouring him. Haight can be seen

through the rushing maelstrom of the spirit's bodies, briefly
surrounded by strange energies before he is torn apart.

A Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty 10, will allow an
observer to see that, in truth, Haight has used his fetish,
Shedding the Spirit's Skin, to reform in another part of the
Umbra. Do not let the pack members have a roll to see this
unless the players state that they are looking closely tosee what
is happening to Haight. Samuel Haight should not be captured
by the pack, nor should he be destroyed by the pack, for he will
return again in future stories.

The Wyld Spirits continue whirling through the room in
the opposite direction, leaving a path open to see if El Dorado
isstill alive. He is, but the blow was fatal. He will mumble under
his breath, speaking in Incan. Everyone will be able to under-
stand his words inside their minds. "It is over... My reign... I
now fly with eagles. .." El Dorado dies coughing blood from his
ruptured lungs.

Scene Seven:

Condusions and
Catastrophes

And now my bitter hands

Shake beneath the clouds

Of what was everything.

— Pearl Jam, "Black"

As El Dorado dies, so dies the magic that has held the
Dorado Realm stable in the Umbra. The realm has long been
surrounded by spirits of the Wyld, attracted and held in the
area by the Rites of the Black Furies over the centuries. Those
spirits now move in, claiming the realm for their own.

The spirits do not assault the realm, but age it out of
existence. The city begins to crumble. The strange and beau-
tiful creatures that have existed here for centuries start to
shrivel and wither until they are dust in a matter of seconds.
The great jungles grow larger and larger, rapidly growing over
the tops of buildings and rising through the streets and build-
ings of El Dorado. The few remaining Kinfolk, hidden in the
huts that were their homes, scream in dismay as their world falls
apart. The Black Furies will attempt to save the Kinfolk, as will
Ballengash if he is present. The pack's help would naturally be
highly appreciated.

The Black Furies lead their Kin to the widening chasm. One
of the Black Fury elders, although wounded, uses her Wings of
Pegasus Gift and flies to the dangling end of the cut rope bridge.
She flies it back to the edge, where another elder uses her
Reshape Object Gift to mend it. They then quickly file
everyone across into Ballengash's Den-Realm. From there,
they return to Earth.

Asthe pack and survivors step out of the Dorado Realm, the
waters of Lake Parima can be seen swallowing the lands of El
Dorado, taking everything that the mage had preserved into
their depths. The once clear skies are filled with multicolored
clouds and dancing explosions of lightning. The realm is gone.

Chapter Four: Encounters 93


Unknown to all but the most perceptive, Samuel Haight
was not destroyed in the attack by the Wyld Spirits. He used
his fetish to throw himself into the Umbra. There is absolutely
no chance that the pack could locate him, even if they tried.
Haight could literally be anywhere at all in the Umbra. The
Conquistador's Sword has been destroyed, and the knowledge
that Haight desired has been destroyed with it. In truth, the
sword was never meant to contain the knowledge of one as
powerful as El Dorado, but the fetish has granted Samuel
Haight rudimentary knowledge in several Spheres of Power.
Haight now understands the ways of the mages and the
principles involved in using magick. What he will do with this
knowledge remains to be seen in his next adventure...

As for El Dorado himself, only the Black Furies know his
secret. They will not reveal that he is still alive, living reincar-
nated in the body of an eagle as he has done for the last few
decades. He is living the dreams of Gaia. He is no longer what
he was, for he is now part of Gaia's greater reality, living as one
with the animal totems. Perhaps he will return one day, but it
is unlikely.

Samuel Haight

T want it all,

I want it all,

I want it all,

And I want it now!

— Queen, "I Want It All"

Breed: Homid

Tribe: Outcast — he thinks of himself as the first of the
Skin-Dancer tribe.

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4,
Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Leadership 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 5, Computer 2, Enigmas 4, Investigation 4,
Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Resources 5

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Razor Claws, Inspiration, Curse
of Aeolus, Visceral Agony, Thieving Talons of the Magpie;
Bane Protector, Wyrm Hide, Blood Omen.

The first six Gifts were taken from Garou; last three Gifts
were from Black Spiral Dancers (see Book of the Wyrm). Most
Gifts were gained by using the Conquistador's Sword.

Thaumaturgy: Samuel Haight knowsseveral Thaumaturgic
paths and rituals, most of which can be found in Vampire: The
Masquerade: Movement of Mind 3, Lure of Flames 2, Weather
Control 2, Spirit Thaumaturgy 1. He also knows the following
rites: the Ritual of Sacred Rebirth (see below), Donning the
Mask of Shadows, Puissant Shield, and Ward against Lupine
(he's still a bit leery of trying that last one, just in case).

Fetishes: Shedding the Spirit Skin (Level 5, Gnosis 7; this
bizarre necklace is actually a mummified snake painted with
bizarre runes. Samuel took it from a Black Spiral Dancer he
killed a while back. It allows the wearer to Reform in the
Umbra as if he were a spirit. The area he Reforms in is random
and normally linked to an area under the dominion of the
Wyrm).

The Conquistador's Sword (Level 6, Gnosis 6; This is a
powerful artifact that has only recently come into Samuel
Haight's possession. This sword was created centuries ago by
the Technomancers as a way of assisting Pedro de Ursua in his
attempts to map Amazonia. No one had counted on one of the
mage's subordinates, Lope de Aguirre, to start a mutiny.
Aguirre was later beheaded by the troops sent by
Technomancers, but the Conquistador's Sword was never
found until it was located recently by an Uktena Garou, Owl
Eyes-Bane Snatcher. Owl Eyes Bane-Snatcher, a metis, was
trying to win respect from his fellow troops and, in locating the
sword, opened his heart to the Wyrm. Haight has since
"liberated" the powerful fetish and learned how it works.
Effectively, the Conquistador's Sword will steal the memories
of anyone it kills and take any paths of power into itself. The
paths of power can then be learned by the bearer of the sword,
rather like the Thieving Talons of the Magpie, but on a
permanent basis. Haight has now used this powerful fetish
against several opponents and has learned several powerful
Gifts. He plans to use the Conquistador's Sword against El
Dorado to learn the powers of the mage).

94 Rage Across the Amazon

Image: Samuel Haight is a middle aged man with hazel eyes
and pure white hair. Haight is in excellent physical condition.
In all his forms, Haight will maintain a white coat.

Roleplaying Notes: You have learned so much since your
rebirth. You have always been a schemer, but you now realize
that you were a novice. There is still so much to learn, so many
ways you can shape the world to the way you want. You hate
all Garou, and you will gladly kill them all. You will spare the
Kinforlk, saving them from their hideous lives as Kinfolk.

Never step into a direct confrontation when you are out-
numbered; that would be foolish. You have so much to correct,
so much to change, and your work has only just begun. If you
can kill El Dorado with the Conquistador's Sword, you can
control the powers at his command!

Background: Samuel Haight was a Kinfolk of the Garou,
but Haight was never satisfied with just being Kinfolk. He
wanted all the powers that the Garou possess. Haight's father
and his cousins, the Carney Brothers, had known the glory of
being Garou, and Samuel Haight resented this. Haight tried
many times to gain his father's respect in other ways, but was
always something of a disappointment to his father.

Samuel Haight liveda life of near-successes: he almost made
it as a professional football star, but his knee was ruined; he
almost made it to the top of his class in college, but there were
others who studied more; he almost made it into medical
school ona full scholarship... but there were always obstacles
that Samuel Haight could not quite surpass.

Samuel finally found something that he was truly good at:
hunting. Sam hunted big game the world over, stalking and
killing every type of dangerous prey that could be imagined. At
thesame time, Samuel Haightstarted learning about the world
away from other Kinfolk. He uncovered secrets of the other
supernatural powers that existed. Samuel's fascination with
the occult even led him into battle with a vampire of the
Tremere clan, a vampire he assaulted and eventually managed
tokill. Samuel drank the vampire's blood when he left, having
learned in his travels that the blood of vampires was healing
and life-extending. He also took all the vampire's books of
magic and, through trial and error, he started teaching himself
the dark art of Thaumaturgy.

As Samuel Haight traveled the world, learning more of the
Thaumaturgic arts and hunting more and more exotic crea-
tures. He found a ritual that changed his life. The Ritual of
Sacred Rebirth, found in the possession of a dark cult in India,
taught Samuel that he could take control of all aspects of his
life. With the ritual, Samuel Haight could become a Garou
himself —ifhe was willing to pay the price. Samuel Haight had
to have the skins of five Garou to change himself. It took years
of effort, but Samuel finally achieved his goal only a short time
ago using the skins of lunatic Garou from the Valkenburg
Foundation.

With these skins of slaughtered Garou, Samuel Haight
enacted the ritual to become a werewolf himself. But, in the
process, he became a pawn of the Wyrm. Chased by other
Garou, Samuel Haight used his powerful fetish, Shedding the
Spirit Skin, and escaped into the Umbra. While he had

Chapter Four: Encounters 95


escaped his pursuers, he could not escape the results of his own
pride. Samuel saw that his actions had made a Wyrm-hole of
hishome and thathe himself was horribly corrupt. He could no
longer hide the magnitude of his actions from himself.

The shock of seeing the Banes attracted by his actions and
the sheer magnitude of how far he had fallen from the ways of
the Garou temporarily drove Samuel Haight insane. He used
his fetish again and disappeared far into the Umbra. There he
found the lair of Ischen, a powerful Wyrm minion. The
creature desired a way back to the material plane and felt that
Samuel Haight's fetish was a perfect way to ensure its escape.
The unintentional intervention of several Sabbat vampires
foiled the creature's attempts, allowing Samuel Haight to
escape back into the material world. (See the Sabbat Storyteller's
Handbook.)

Samuel Haight had long worked for Pentex before his
"rebirth" and saw no reason not to return to his previous
employers upon coming home. He soon attracted the atten-
tion of Robert Allred, one of the Pentex Board of Directors.
Like Haight, Allred was a Kinfolk of the Garou who grew tired
of being considered a second class citizen by some of the more
arrogant Garou. He sawa kindred spirit in Samuel Haight and
was very impressed by what Haight had managed to achieve.
The twomensoon became, if not good friends, then comrades-
in-arms. Haight has promised to use the Ritual of Sacred
Rebirth on Allred, turning him into Garou as well. He needs
Garou pelts, and so Allred has sent him to the Amazon with
carte blanche, desperate for the promise of power Haight holds.

96

Rage Across the Amazon

But Haight is not being hasty in living up to his promise, for he
knows that it is the only bargaining tool he holds. He plans to
hold it as long as possible.

There are many more among the Kinfolk that loathe the
Garou, resenting everything the Garou believe and all that has
been denied them by the whim of fate. Allred and Haight have
already set plans in motion for creating a tribe of their own: a
tribe of "Skin-Dancers" to liberate the Kinfolk and destroy the
Garou.

While in the Amazon, Samuel Haight has met with several
problems. The local heads of Pentex have grown resentful of
the power effectively given to Haight by Allred and the
amount of authority this newcomer has been granted. Even
more, they resent Haight havingaccess toso much silver; while
the rest of the First Teams have to cut through wave after wave
of bureaucratic red tape, Haight has been using his connec-
tions in the mining operations of Pentex to get all the silver he
could possibly need. Haight was the Director of Operations for
a division of Pentex, the Nolan-Harker Mining and Transpor-
tation Company, for over five years before he used the Ritual
of Sacred Rebirth on himself. As a result of his time in a
position of some authority, Samuel became good friends with
several of the more important people in the mining divisions
of Pentex. His connections include Harold & Harold, the
company in direct charge of issuing silver ammunition to the
troops in the Amazon assault.

The local heads of Pentex have deliberately done all that
they could to delay shipments of equipment to Haight and to

insure that the troops he is given are some of the weakest. Many
of the stragglers left over from devastated First Teams were
essentially handed over to Haight to make his life more
complicated. What none of the executives counted on was
Haight's powerful charismatic affect on all of the Stragglers
and on Mary Johnson. Most of them have come to look at
Haight asa sort of messiah, a messenger of the new ways. Mary
Johnson, also a Kinfolk before her embrace by vampires, looks
at Haight as she would a father, having been orphaned even

before the war for Chicago. Haight has had no hesitation in
manipulating those feelings to his own end, constantly taking
Mary's blood to restock his dwindling supplies —all the while
being careful of the Blood Bond —and supporting Mary in her
efforts to learn more about her vampiric powers. Most of the
Stragglers would die for Haight, convinced that he would
manage to even bring them back from the dead.

While Samuel was locked in Ischen's domain, he learned
several new tricks from his host. He has also learned several
new Gifts from Robert Allred. He has continued to drink the
blood of Leeches, slowing his aging substantially and adding to
his own natural strength.

Chapter Four: Encounters



The war in the Amazon is fought on three levels: conven-
tional, tribal and spiritual. The following isa list of statistics for
weapons used in the conflict. Storytellers are urged to expand
this list as they see fit, although it should be noted that some
weapons would not be used often due to their gross destructive
power or high visibility. It would not be wise for Pentex to shell
a known Garou stronghold with a battery of howitzers — this
would bring about unwanted attention for all those involved
and would not make for good press.

These are the conventional weapons that are most likely to
be in use on both sides of the Amazon conflict. The Storyteller
may use any of the other weapons found on the chart in this
chapter, but discretion is advised. This is a secret war that
neither side wishes to publicize. The integrity of the Veil must
remain intact and Pentex has no desire for the world to
discover and understand its sinister plots.

Archaic Weapons

There are many tribal weapons the Garou use in the
Amazon in addition to conventional weaponry. Among these
are the typical spears, clubs, bows and slings detailed in the
Werewolf Players Guide. Another weapon used often in the
Amazon is the blowgun.

Blowgun

This weapon fires a sharp projectile propelled by breathing
through a slender tube. The damage is minimal, so the projec-
tile is dipped in poison. The most common poison employed

is curare (see Poisons), which causes muscle paralysis and quick
death.

Use of a blowgun requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll
against a difficulty of 8. The range is generally 20 yards,
although extremely long blowguns will increase this distance.

Fetish Weapons

The war in the Amazon is a sacred conflict to the Garou.
The horrors committed in the South American jungles epito-
mize everything that the Garou have dedicated themselves to
prevent. The battle is indeed a warning of the Apocalypse.

Each of the Thirteen Tribes has a weapon it holds sacred, a
weapon of such legendary power that it has become a symbol
of the tribe and its ways. For many generations, these weapons
were not used in conflict, but were instead under the protec-
tion of a guardian appointed by the owning tribe. The war has
changed this. Today, these weapons are wielded with rage and
vengeance in the Amazon, both as a powerful means to put a
stop to the onslaught of the enemy and as a symbol of pride and
history for the individual tribes.

These weapons are usually entrusted to the elder warrior of
each tribe. This Garou has earned the right to wield such a
weapon for further glory of the tribe. A description of each of
the sacred tribal weapons follows.

Among these weapons are swords, bows, slings, staves,
daggers and spears. Many of these weapons have spiritual
properties at the discretion of the storyteller. The use of spirits

Appendix One: Weapons 99


has become a subject of great debate in the Amazon conflict as
it has begun to upset the spiritual balance of the entire area.

Black Furies

Axe of the Matriarch: The Black Furies created this
weapon to be a symbol of feminine power and authority. It is
a six foot long, two-handed axe with roses carved along the
entire length of the haft.

When wielded in combat by a Black Fury, the axe screams
a blood-curdling cry as it cuts the air. It silences upon impact.
The axe steals virility from its male victims to feed its wielder:
for every point of damage inflicted (not soaked), the victim
loses a dot of Strength. This Strength is added to the wielder's
Willpower points for the duration of the battle. The damage
delivered by this weapon is also aggravated.

Needless to say, men quake in fear when this weapon is on
the field.

Bone Gnawers

The Bone Gnawers have no special weapon in this war.
They are a tribe of misfits, vagabonds and rejects who have
never possessed a weapon of glory. This by no means makes
them a useless ally in the war. Since the conflict began, the
Bone Gnawers have been collecting and hoarding weapons of
all makes and designs to be used by their Tribe and its allies.
One never knows what a Bone Gnawer in the Amazon will
turn up with next.

Children of Gaia

The Children have no special weapon in the war, for they
are here to promote peace. Instead, they have one of their
greatest fetishes with them.

Chalice of Renewal: This ancient golden cup shines with
the glow of the sun. It is said to have once contained the tears
Gaia wept for Her children, the dead young cubs who were
raised again by Her to become the Children of Gaia. For one
night only, once every third new moon, the cup is mysteriously
filled with salty water. Any who drink a draught of this water
are instantly cured of any physical wounds or diseases. This is
a minor power compared with the true purpose of the chalice.
The drinker will also experience a delirious night where she is
gifted with a vision from Gaia Herself.

This vision can take any form, and the Storyteller is
encouraged to add details of the character's life to the visions,
but the following traits always appear in a vision of renewal: a
sense of overwhelming loss, as if the drinker was a mother
looking upon her dead children; a sense of renewed hope as the
sun dawns in the east and spreads warmth to the world; and a
sense of joyous victory as life returns to the world, as if the
drinker herself caused the life to grow by will alone. These are
the experiences of Gaia from long ago.

The drinker will awaken from his delirium upon the dawn
and will possess one point of True Faith in Gaia. The character
will be able to call upon this Faith to turn vampires (see
Vampire: The Masquerade) and may sometimes be granted

100

miracles. The Vampire supplement Hunters Hunted has details
onusing True Faith. Gaia's miracles will all be nature oriented.
Fianna

Sword of Fionn: This is the most prized possession of the
Fianna. Stories are told about the sword being used by Fionn
MacCumhal, legendary Garou Kinfolk. Fionn was a hero of
Eire and pursued many adventures with his mercenary band,
the Fianna, who took their name from this Garou tribe.

Legend holds that when this blade is used in battle, it
summons the spirits of not only Fionn MacCumhal, but all
those who fought by his side, to join in the fray once more.
When the blade is unsheathed, the surrounding area comes
alive with hundreds of shadows. They will constantly mock
and torment all the enemies of the Fianna and their allies.

These shadowy warriors will fight for the Fianna, mirroring
the actions of the present warriors. Add two dice to each
Fianna's attack Pool and subtract two from each opponent's
Dice Pools due to the distraction. Many enemies have been
known toflee the battlefield to escape the spectres, their minds
unable to cope with such a sight.

The sword also adds four dice to all damage rolls due to its
keen edge and well-balanced weight.

Get of Fenris

Fist of Thor: This is a spiked steel gauntlet. Each link is
beautifully engraved with scenes of a wolf pack hunting a stag

Rage Across the Amaz

under the light of a full moon. It is said that Thor himself was
inspired by the courage and bloodthirst of Jorgen Fists-of-
Thunder, the legendary Get of Fenris warrior, and rewarded
him with this gauntlet.

When used in battle, the Fist of Thor delivers four extra dice
of damage for every successful attack and the Clap of Thunder
Gift. This thunder is heard with every blow struck.

Glass Walkers

Laying Down the Law: This is a regular looking L.A.W.
rocket. There is a major difference, however, between the
legendary weapon and its normal cousins: a spirit of judicious
vengeance inhabits this technological wonder. It never runs
out of rockets nor does it need to be reloaded — just aim and
fire. Each rocket will seek out an enemy deserving of its
judgment. The punishment is detonation. Use the regular
statistics for a L.A.W. rocket (see Heavy Weapons, below),
except with a bonus of three dice to the attack Pool. If it is
aimed at an innocent (usually anon-Wyrm being), the rocket
will veer off and hit the closest guilty party — which could be
the user!

Red Talons

The Red Talons have no "weapon" in the war, but instead
possess a powerful spirit ally. This being takes the form of a
tattoo engraved upon the greatest hero of the tribe. If the hero
dies, the tattoo disapears from her body and reappears on the
next rightful heir. The spirit is from a primordial realm of raw
nature and is a vicious predator known simply as the Hunter.
It lends its bearer an extra four dice to tracking Dice Pools, two
dice to Stealth (stalking), three dice to Intimidation and two
dice to Rake and Bite manuevers.

Shadow Lords

The Black Bow: This bow wascreated by the Shadow Lords
as a weapon of assassination. Its sole purpose is to eliminate its
intended victim quietly and unerringly. The bow and string are
completely black. The bow is made of unknown wood of the
smoothest texture.

This weapon always strikes it target, although it does no
extra damage. The Black Bow is the favored weapon on many
of the Garou's search and destroy missions through the Ama-

zon jungles and also a means of eliminating specific Pentex
officials.

Silent Striders

The Whispering Crystal: This crystal ball was given to the
Silent Striders by their Gypsy Kinfolk back in the dark
reccesses of time. It appears to bea very plain crystal ball. Looks
are deceiving.

When employed, the Whispering Crystal becomes a pow-
erful tool for determining future events. Its user can see so
clearly into the future as to point out troop strengths, weaponry
used by opposing forces and the location of ambushes. This
vision extends about 24 hours into the future. There is a dark

side to thisartifact. Because it can see so clearly what is tocome,
those who look into the crystal will see who is to live and who
is to die in the futue. Because of this, it is widely feared by other
tribes and holds an ominous reputation even among the Silent
Striders themselves.

Silver Fangs

Sceptre of the Impergium: This beautifully ornate sceptre,
intricately carved with scenes of an old world forest, is a
weapon of power for the Silver Fangs. This rod is rumored to
be truly ancient, a relic of the Impergium. It is typically carried
by the high marshall of a Silver Fang war party.

When this weapon is used on an enemy, the effects are the
same as the Delirium against one of human kind, except that
everyone is affected with a minus two modifier on the effects
chart (see pg. 201 of Werewolf). This effect extends to all
creatures — none are immune. This weapon is just as effective
when used against a Bane spirit as it is against a Pentex
employee. The sceptre affects all enemies within a 25 foot
radius.

The Children of Gaia warn against the use of this weapon,
for they claim it is cursed. They say the Delerium is a curse
against the Garou for the arrogance of their actions during the
Impergium; this sceptre represents that curse, and to still use it
will bring doom upon the Garou.

The Sceptre of the Delirium is approximately five feet in
length with a circumference of about four inches. It is capped
by a dull gray spiked ball similar to the head of a mace.

Stargazers

Orb of the Umbra: This Stargazer artifact has been consid-
ered a blessing by other tribes when it has been used in battle.
The item is perfectly spherical with no blemishes. It constantly
draws and reflects even the faintest ambient light around it; the
internal colors are constantly in flux.

When this item is brought into use, it acts as a portal to the
Umbra, forcibly drawing in all Bane spirits within a 50 foot
radius. All Banes within this area of effect must make a
successful Gnosis resistance roll to avoid this fate. Those Banes
who are unsuccessful are unable to return to the battlefield.

Uktena

Wand of Ashes: This artifact of the Uktena is a potent
bringer of flame. It was created for the express purpose of
destroying Kindred and has succeeded brilliantly. It is rumored
that the wand was forged from the lava fires of Mount Vesuvius
as it destroyed Pompeii.

The Wand of Ashes delivers a gout of flame and inflicts two
wounds with a difficulty of 8 to resist. The only restriction is
line-of-sight. The Storyteller should be warned: the Wand of
Ashes can be just as deadly to Garou as it is to Kindred.

The wand appears as a gnarled and charred piece of wood
about 15 inches in length with no special markings of any kind.

Appendix One: Weapons 101


Wendigo

Buffalo Spear: This Wendigo artifact was created long
before the white man ever discovered the new world and has
been the symbol of Wendigo pride for generations. The Buffalo
Spear is nearly six feet in length with a broad, blunt head and
a shaft wrapped entirely in buffalo hides. The spear is very
heavy, but not unwieldy.

When thrown, the Buffalo Spear nearly always strikes its
intended target. The wielder receives five extra dice to her
attack Pool. When this weapon hits an enemy, it does two
extra dice of damage due to its weight. The weapon is primi-
tive, but formidable, not unlike the Wendigo themselves.

Black Spiral Dancers

Spiral Boomerang: These black, intricately-carved boo-
merangs are forged in the Pit of Malfeas by twisted metis Black
Spiral weaponsmiths. These are horrible weapons indeed, for
each one is the home of one to ten Banes waiting patiently for
their time to come.

When a Garou is struck by a Spiral Boomerang, she is
"pushed" sideways into the Umbra unless a successful Gnosis
resistance roll is made. Once in the Umbra, the Banes are
released from the weapon and instantly attack the Garou
victim. If the Garou is victorious, she may step out of the
Umbra at will; if not, the Banes will carry the bested Garou
warrior to whatever black depths of the Umbra the Bane

102

considers home. This could mean a quick death — or slow
torture. Justifyibly, this weapon is feared by all Garou.

Silver Weaponry

Pentex has fought werewolves many times before and is
ready for an extended conflict with the furry beasts. Harold &
Harold Mining is responsible for most Pentex silver reserves.
Mining operations all over the world dig up silver for shipping
to the Amazon. In addition, Pentex's various subsidiary com-
panies buy silver in the world's market, always careful that the
massive purchases can never be traced to one company.

The DFG HQ has extensive handloading facilities where
silver is made into bullets and handed out to troops. The HQ
also has a group of silversmiths who can make sturdy silver
coated knives. These are handed out as standard issue. The
silver is first melted into forms designed to get past most
customs barriers: tent poles of silver that look like aluminum,
hurricane fencing, and so on; all these items would be expected
in a jungle compound. Shipments are transported to the port
in Manaus, where they are stored in warehouses until they can
be secretly transported to the HQ.

Pentex, like many companies, often strangles itself in red
tape. The First Teams have to fight to get the proper ammuni-
tion requisition. Bribery and favors influence the supply clerks.
Any First Teamer who loses his knife in the jungle could wait
months before he is issued another.

So far, the teams have been provided with enough to keep
them alive, but they cannot accomplish too much without the
valuable silver. Instead, Pentex is pumping up funding on
Project Iliad to provide troops with proper "natural" weaponry
that does not require costly shipping.

Guns
Heavy Pistols

M1911: A mainstay of the U.S. Army for years, this gun was
replaced in 1985, but many are still in use. It is also a popular
model in civilian markets.

Desert Eagle .50 AE: This huge pistol has found little
acceptance among those who would really use it in combat, but
it is still popular with armchair soldiers. Made in Israel, this
pistol has great stopping power and can also be found in .357
and .44 magnum calibers.

Submachine Guns

Ingram MAC-10: Perhaps one of the easiest weapons in
the world to operate and maintain, the MAC-10 has found a
place in the hearts of everyone from terrorists to housewives.
The MAC-10 fires a standard 9mm round and its light weight
and concealibility make it even more endearing.

Uzi 9mm: The most common submachinegun on the
market today, the Uzi is widely accepted and easy to acquire.
Yet another in the family of weapons that fire the common

Rage Across the Amazon

Damage

Concealment: P = can be hidden in a pocket; J = can be hidden ina jacket; T = can be hidden ina trenchcoat; N = cannot

Range: Maximum range is double this listing, but anything above the listed range is considered a long-range shot.

Firearms Chart
Name Caliber Difficulty
Heavy Pistols
M1911 45ACP 8
Desert Eagle 5OAE
Submachine Guns
Ingram MAC-10 * 9mm 7
Uzi * 9mm 6
Heckler & Koch MP-5* 9mm 7
Heckler & Koch MP-5* = 10mm 6
Thompson M1928 * 45 ACP 6
Assault Rifles
M16* 223 7
AK-47 * 7.62x39mm T
Heckler & Koch G3 * 7.62mm 8
Pump-Action Shotguns
Ithaca M37 (Stakeout) 12 gauge 6
Automatic Shotguns
Fianchi Law 12 12 gauge 7
SPAS 12 12 gauge 6
Remington 1100 12 gauge 6
USAS 12'* 12 gauge i
Difficulty: The difficulty to hit a target at close range.
Damage: The base damage done on a successful hit.
Rate: The maximum number of bullets a gun can fire in a turn.
Capacity: The number of bullets the gun can hold.
be hidden on one's person.
* indicates the gun is capable of three-round bursts

Rate Clip Conceal Range

5 3 7 J 25
7 | 7 J 30
4 18 30 J ~25
4 21 25/32 T 50
4 21 30 T 40
5 15 30 T 45
5 15 20/100 T 50

7 20 20/30 N 200
8 10 30 N 250
6 10 20 N 300
8 1 5 e 15
8 x 8 Ey 20
8 3 8 N 20
8 3 8 N 20
8 6 10/20 N 20

9mm round, it can be found in any walk of life, especially
criminal lives, earning it a spot in many nightly news broad-
casts.

Heckler & Koch MP-5: This popular German-made
submachine gun isa mainstay of SWAT teams, counterterrorist
forces like England's SAS and even some U.S. Special Opera-
tions troops. The MP-5 is arguably the best SMG currently on
the open market, known for its reliability and fast handling.
There is also a more concealable model — the MP-5K.

This weapon of choice is probably one of the most trustwor-
thy and well constructed weapons on the market although,
along with many other automatic weapons, it is banned in the
United States. This 9mm submachinegun is a trusted friend to
many European counter-terrorist groups due to its fast action
and unerring reliability.

Thompson M1928: The Thompson M1928 is the classic
Tommy gun of gangster movie fame. It is an especially heavy
submachine gun, and becomes even heavier with the addition
of its well-known 100-round drum.

Assault Rifles

M-16A1, M-16A2: This 5.56mm weapon is used by many
military groups around the world and is the mainstay of the
U.S. Army. The M-16A1 is a lightweight and dependable
combat rifle which can used as an automatic or semi-automatic
weapon with the flick of a switch. It is also constructed so that
an M203 40mm grenade launcher can be mounted on the
underside of the barrel. The M-16A2 is much the same, with
the exception that it is only capable of a three-round burst and,
due to the barrel construction, is unable to support the grenade
launcher.

M203: This rifle-mounted grenade launcher fires a 40mm.
round to a maximum effective range of 450 meters. The
munitions available for this weapon vary greatly and include
high explosive, incendiary and shotgun rounds, as well as
various riot gases. It is a very effective weapon for use against
unarmored vehicles and small troop units.

Appendix One: Weapons


AK-47: The AK-47 is quite common in Third World
countries and is now becoming popular in the United States.
Once the main weapon of the Soviet Union, it was replaced by
the AK-74.

Heckler and Koch G3: A state-of-the-art combat rifle.
This German made assault rifle is a favorite of special opera-
tions groups and anti-terrorist forces around the world. Using
astandard Nato 7.62mm round, it is versatile, reliable and easy
to maintain.

Shotguns

Ithica M37: This shotgun is a mainstay of anti-drug units
and riot control squads. Its 12 gauge format makes it quite
formidable. The weapon is quite concealable in the stakeout
version: the stock is removed to make room fora pistol grip and
the barrel is shortened considerably.

Fianchi Law 12: This Italian-made shotgun is very expen-
sive and generally comes with intricate detail work to make it
look more attractive.

SPAS-12: A military weapon, the SPAS-12 has been
adopted in Europe.

Remington 1100: This American-made shotgun is popular
with both hunters and police in the United States.

USAS 12: The USAS isa full-auto shotgun. Its appearance
is that of a very large M-16. Now being purchased by SWAT
teams inside the United States, it was tested by Special Forces
during the invasion of Panama.

104

Rage Across the Amazon

Ammunition
A wide variety of ammunition is available to all who use

firearms, but the differences between most types are usually
quite minor. The exceptions to this rule follow.

Armor-pierang

Armor-piercing or "cop-killer" bullets gained infamy in the
1980s, and these deadly little fellows are still prevalent. The
most famous type is the so-called Teflon-coated bullet, but this
is by no means the only one. Hardened steel and tungsten
carbide also have their uses. These bullets do not have the same
sort of impact area that regular slugs do. Armored vests used
against them will provide one less die of armor, but the guns
will do one less die of damage.

Garou who carry guns will use these bullets against Pentex
First Teams, but Pentex has found that the manstoppers (see
below) work better against the lightly-armored Garou.

Manstoppers

The opposite of armor-piercing bullets, manstoppers are
designed to have an even greater impact area. They generally
widen or fragment when they hit their target, causing damage
over a wider area. These include hollow-point rounds (which
flatten when they hit), glazier rounds (which fragment) and
homemade rounds (which are made by carving an "x" on the
slug). These bullets cause an extra die of damage when they hit,
but armor provides double its usual protection.

Incendiary

Incendiary rounds are especially repulsive to Garou because
they inflict aggravated wounds. They are rarely used with small
arms. The most common form is the Dragonsbreath shotgun
shell. This phosphorus shell turns a shotgun into a mini-
flamethrower for a turn, spraying a spout of fire up to 20 feet.
It hits like a regular shotgun, but inflicts two aggravated
wounds (difficulty 7 to resist) and may cause nearby Garou to
check their Rage. Multiple use of Dragonsbreath rounds can
seriously damage the integrity of a shotgun barrel, so Storytell-
ers should take full advantage of botched Firearms rolls.

Drugs

Notall bullets are designed to kill their targets. Many types
of nonlethal ammunition have been created. Each has its own
purpose.

Commonly used to capture animals, tranquilizer darts are
usually fired out of large, single-shot rifles. They do eight dice
of damage to humans and Garou. This damage is not applied
to Health Levels. Each level of damage subtracts one die from
the victim's Dice Pools. Additionally, if the target takes more
damage than he has Stamina (or Stamina + Rage for Garou),
he passes out for one hour for every point of damage beyond
Stamina.


Other kinds of drugs can also be fired from these guns; the
Storyteller is encouraged to create interesting Pentex manu-
factured pharmaceuticals.

Heavy Weapons

Few who have not witnessed the effects of high explosives
and heavy weapons understand their destructive power. To
illustrate the damage ratings in the sections that follow, here
are some examples:

¢ A homemade black powder bomb weighing 10 pounds
willmakeacrater 10 feetdeep by 20 feet around (possibly larger
than the room in which you are now sitting). Ordnance
dropped by aircraft use a higher grade of explosive and weigh
from 50 to 1000 lbs.

© One medium-sized artillery shell landing in the center of
a block of brownstone rowhouses would level half the block
and shatter every ‘window for five blocks. An artillery barrage
consists of hundreds of such shells.

¢ 50 caliber machine gun bullets will retain lethal force
after passing completely through a stone house. Such machine
guns commonly fire 600 rounds per minute.

Grenades
Fragmentation Grenades

A fragmentation grenade has a damage Pool of 12 dice at
ground zero (such as in a character's hand). For every yard
between the grenade explosion and the character, reduce the
damage Pool by one die.

Example: A 12 die fragmentation grenade detonates 5 yards
away from a character. The damage Pool is 12-5, or 7 dice of
damage.

Weight: .6 lbs Size: A 6" x 4" cylinder

Smoke Grenades and ‘Cear Gas Grenades

Smoke grenades emit a dense cloud of white or colored
smoke. Tear gas grenades emit a cloud of irritating gas. There
is no blast from these grenades. The smoke is released through
holes in the canister. The cloud will filla 10 yard by 10 yard area
in one minute and will last 10 minutes in still air.

The Shadow Lords have discovered that smoke grenades
are very good at covering their melee attacks. Pentex usually
harms as many of their own troops while firing into the smoke
as they do Garou.

Weight: .6 lbs Size: A 7" x 5" cylinder

White Phosphorus

White phosphorus grenades generate a temperature of
2700° F when they explode. A WP grenade has a Pool of 12
dice at its point of detonation. Reduce the Dice Pool by one for
every two yards between the character and the grenade. This
is aggravated damage because of the burning, although Garou

Appendix One: Weapons

can try to soak the damage. WP grenades will ignite most
common materials that are even slightly flammable.

Weight: .6 lbs Size: A 7" x 3" cylinder

Explosives

Explosives are rated in terms of Blast Power. Every point of
an explosive's Blast Power is worth one die per pound of the
explosive. Each listing also states what will detonate the
substance and whether it will burn without exploding.

Blasting Powder

This modern gunpowder is used in commercially sold small-
armsammunition. Itisalsocalled "smokeless powder" (because
it does not smoke as black powder does). Frequently sold under
the brand name "Pyrodex," it is legal to purchase in small
quantities.

Pentex has a lot of this around. They manufacture most of
theirownammunition in the Amazon to prevent nosy journal-
ists from noticing huge ammunition purchases.

Blast Power: 2 Detonator: Flame or Heat Burn: Yes. Blast

powder will typically only explode when it is encased under
pressure.

Nitroglycerine

Nitroglycerine isan oily, clear liquid that can be easily made
in a home workshop. It is very unstable and quite powerful.
Nitro is unpopular for both these reasons. Rules for the
detonation of liquid nitroglycerin are left up to the Storyteller.
Be capricious; nitro is unpredictable. Nitro may be "safety-
packed" by a character trained in the handling of explosives.
Such a process significantly reduces the danger.

Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Varies; usually reacts to move-
ment and changes in temperature. Burn: No, although the

chances of exploding decrease if the substance is not encased
under pressure.

Nitrocellulose (Gun Cotton)

Nitrocellulose (gun cotton) is manufactured by soaking
cotton (cellulose) in nitroglycerine (nitro). This stabilizes the
nitroglycerin.

Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Exremes of Heat, Impact Burn:
Yes, at low temperatures it even makes an excellent fuse.

(Dynamite

Dynamite, also called TNT, is nitroglycerin stabilized in
charcoal or another absorbent. Dynamite that goes through
changes of temperature over a fairly long period of time will
"sweat" pure nitroglycerine crystals. Dynamite in this state
appears shiny, not waxy as it normal does.

Dynamite can be found in many construction sites through-
out the Amazon, where it is used to blow away huge trees that
won't go down any other way.

105


Blast Power: 3 Detonator: Fulminating Primer (which can
also be used as an emergency flare), Heat Burn: No. If you set
dynamite on fire, it will explode.

Plastique (C-4)

Plastique (plastic explosive) is manufactured in varying
strengths, It is similar to modeling clay in consistency, and is
extremely stable. Most military explosives are plastique.

Blast Power: 1-20 Detonator: Primer or Elecrical Charge
Burn: Yes (but why would you want to burn it?)

Primacord

Also called instant fuse, primacord is an explosive manufac-
tured in string form. It is used to detonate widely separated
explosives at the same time. It can also be used as a "main
charge" by an expert.

Blast Power: .5 Detonator: Primer Only, Open Flame
Burn: No

Napalm

Napalm is jellied gasoline. When it burns, it tends to cling
to its target. Napalm will continue to burn underwater. The
only way to remove burning napalm is to scrape it off, invari-
ably removing the skin as well. All damage done by napalm is
aggravated. Roll one die tosee how much of the body is covered
by napalm (the Storyteller may modify this roll as she sees fit).
Roll that many dice of damage every turn for 10 turns. Napalm
can be made in home laboratories and placed in glass bottles for
throwing.

Napalm bombs will havea Blast Power of 6 - 12 tospread the
napalm out. Modern jets drop napalm canisters without explo-
sives, as they rely on the speed of the jet to spread the napalm
when the canister ruptures.

Pentex is being very careful with this stuff. They have only
used it twice in the Amazon, as it is very noticable to any
outside observer. They will only use it to quickly defoliate an
area if they have no other choice.

Blast Power: 0 (unless used in a napalm bomb) Detonator:
Open Flame Burn: Yes, it is supposed to burn without explo-
sive force.

Support Weapons

Support weapons provide heavy or sustained firepower and
require a separate Skill of either Heavy Weapons or Artillery

to use (Complementary Skills for these are listed in Vampire
Player's Guide). Machine guns are the only exception to this;
they require the Firearms Skill.

Firing any tripod-based weapon without a tripod requires a
minimum Strength of six.

-30 Caliber Machine Gun: This weapon is often found on
vehicles or as a squad support weapon among Third World
armies. It comes with a bipod; ammunition is belt-fed.

-50 Cal Machinegun: According to the Geneva Conven-
tion, this weapon is only to be used against equipment, not
personnel, due to its grisly effects. (The Geneva Convention,
however, classifies uniforms and boots as equipment...) This
isa powerful weapon used for assaults against heavy equipment
and as a means of suppressive fire. This weapon is often found
on vehicles or as a squad support weapon. It comes with a
tripod; ammunition is belt-fed.

M-79 Grenade Launcher: The M-79 grenade launcher
looks and operates like a stubby shotgun with a two-inch
barrel. The grenades explode on impact. There is no magazine
to this weapon. After each shot, the weapon must be reloaded.

Flamethrower: A backpack carries tanks of napalm with a
hose connecting to a rifle-like launcher. The flamethrower
weighs 50 pounds with all three tanks, but only one tank is
needed. Each tank is good for five minutes of constant spraying.

LAW: LAW stands for Light Antitank Weapon. The
LAW is a disposable, one-shot rocket and launcher. The
launcher is a tube about two and a half feet long and about four
inches in diameter. The rocket is about 14 inches long.

The LAW produces "backblast" when fired. Flames and
rocket exhaust emit from the rear of the firing tube. Because of
the backblast, there is a two-yard danger zone directly behind
any such weapon. Anyone in the danger zone when the
weapon is fired suffers four dice of aggravated damage from the
flames.

Artillery

Indirect-fire weapons like mortars send their projectiles in
an arc, rather than line-of-sight like a gun. Because of this, no
mortar can be fired inside a building. Mortar shells fall verti-
cally onto their targets and do damage like explosives, losing
one die of damage for every yard from ground zero. The smallest
mortars fire grenade-sized shells. Large mortars break down
into three-man portable loads (consisting of the barrel and the

two halves of the baseplate). Some large mortars are towed on
small trailers.

Support Weapons Chart
Name Difficulty Damage Range Rate Capacity Weight
.30 Caliber Machine Gun 6 6 800 yards 21 100 25 Ibs
.50 Caliber Machine Gun 7 8 1000 yards 30 200 40 lbs
M-79 Grenade Launcher 6 grenade 400 yards 1 1 6 lbs
Flamethrower 6 napalm 60 yards 1 Special Varies
106 Rage Across the Amazon

Artillery Chart

Type Difficulty Damage Min/Max Range Weight Ammo

Small Mortar 8 12 25/1320 yards 50 Ibs 5 Ibs

Large Mortar 9 24 600 yards/two miles 660 Ibs 1.5 Ibs

Wheeled Dehide Chart

Vehicle Safe Speed Max Speed Maneuver Brake Factor
Jeep 60 80 4/8 (off road) 2
Small Truck 70 110 5-8 3-5
Large Truck 60 110 5-8 3-5
Tractor-Trailer 70 110 48 3-5

Mortars are extremely rare in the Amazon conflict, but
Pentex will occasionally use them to lob a few shells toward
where they believe Garouare gathered. If questioned about the
explosions by any "outsiders" (such as the media), they will
claim it was simply a pre-scheduled detonation of hard-to-
remove stumps during clear-cutting. They will then produce
all the correct documentation to prove it.

Small Mortar: Breaks down into barrel and baseplate, each
25 pounds.

Large Mortar: Splits into three nearly equal pieces.

Dehides
Wheeled Dehides

A new statistic for vehicles, the Brake Factor, is multiplied
by the current speed (in miles per hour) to figure stopping
distance in feet. At speeds below 25 mph, do not use the Brake
Factor. Instead, assume any vehicle can stop within a distance
equal to its own length.

Jeep: Jeeps have exceptional off-road mobility.

Truck: Small trucks are no longer than 15 feet, large trucks
can be up to 28 feet long, and tractor-trailers measure up to 60
feet long. Note that the normal "dry van" hauled by 18-
wheelers cannot be opened from the inside.

Boats

Boats have, instead of a Brake Factor, a listed amount by
which it can decelerate each turn.

All speeds on the following chart are measured in knots. (1
knot per hour equals approximately 1.15 mph.)

Pirogue: A native Amazonian boat, well-suited for
manuevering the waterways of the rainforest. The boat is wider
than a canoe and has a flatter keel.

Johnboat: A johnboat is a flat-bottomed fishing boat with
a small electric motor.

Small Powerboat: This group includes ski boats.

Aircraft
Stall is the minimum speed for an aircraft. Stall x 100 is the

minimum length of runway (in yards) the plane requires to
land. Note also that flying at night is considerably more

Boat Chart

Type Cruise Maximum Maneuver Deceleration Passengers
Canoe Strength 2 x Strength Dexterity 1/2x Strength 2
Pirogue Strength +2 3 x Strength 6 2 x Strength 3
Rowboat Strength + 3 3 x Strength 6 2 x Strength 46
Johnboat 8 10 7 3 2
Small Powerboat 30 50 5 Dexterity

Aircraft Chart

Aircraft Stall Cruise Maximum Maneuver Passengers

Small Prop 60 110 170 5 4

Medium Prop 90 180 230 4 8-20

Large Prop 180 270 380 3 50

Lear Jet 100 350 450 4 8-20

Large Helicopter 0 150 240 6 30

Appendix One: Weapons

107


Military Aircraft Chart

Aircraft Crew Range Stall Safe Maximum Maneuver Deceleration Armor
AH-64 Apache 2 450 (0) 180 300 9 20 6/9

difficult than flying by day, though a pilot may take a specialty
of Instrument Flying if she hasaskill of 4 or 5 in Pilot. All speeds
on both Aircraft Charts are in miles per hour.

Parachutes: A parachute takes 30 minutes for a skilled
person to pack, and one full turn to put on. A normal one-
person parachute can support 600 pounds in an emergency, but
everyone relying on it will have to make a Dexterity roll
(difficulty depends on terrain) to avoid injury upon landing.
Military Aircraft

UH-60A (Blackhawk): A U.S. Army general utility heli-
copter, used for troop transport and resupply. It can be armed
with .30 caliber machine guns which fire from the sides of the
vehicle. It can carry 11 passengers. Pentex has purchased some
of these for First Team transports.

AH-64 Apache: The current U.S. Army attack helicopter.

Itcan land ona 15 degree slope. It is equipped with a radio and
can be sealed against radiation, biological weapons and chemi-

Rage Across the Amazon

cal attacks. It is armed with a 30mm chain gun, four rocket
launchers or 16 TOW missiles and two 2.75" rocket pods. It

carries no passengers.

(Drugs and Poisons

Drug and poison listings include a vector (a means of
entering the system), sensory information on how todetect the
toxin, and an effect, which is normally a loss of Health Levels
and any specific effects. Also listed are the means of protection
and antidotes for the substance.

Chemical weapons such as mustard gas were used against
troops for the first time in WWI. These horrible weapons have
earned a morbid reputation in the history of warfare and a
healthy fear from soldiers of all nations. They come in many
forms, each with its own fatal effects. A partial listing of
chemical weapons follows.

Ayahuasca

Vector: Imbibed

Sensory: Awful tasting liquid.

Effects: Powerful hallucinogen. It is used by native doctors
asa curative for many ills, especially spiritually caused diseases.
An ayahuasquero or curandero, a plant medicine doctor, is said
to be able to take this drug and actually see the sickness in a
person. A person taking this drug will become a friend of the
forest. She can thensee at night, not be bothered by insects and
walk the jungle with ease. While on this drug, the user is
guarded by the spirit of ayahuasca.

Protection: Don't drink it. Someone who wishes to take
ayahuasca must convince a curandero to make it for her.

Curare

Vector: Injected.

Sensory: Reddish, brown gum.

Effects: Skeletal muscle relaxant. Curare is used by Ama-
zonian Indians as an arrow or dart poison. The poison is carried
inahollowcanesealed on both ends with fur. The arrow is then
inserted into the cane and dipped into the gummy substance.
The word is derived from a native word, woorari, meaning
"poison." Each turn after the poison enters the bloodstream,
the victim looses one level of Dexterity until he can no longer
move (zero dots). He will then lose one Health Level per turn
until dead from paralysis.

Protection: Curare is usually injected with an arrow or
blowdart. Armor or tough skin can prevent the arrow from

penetrating. It was once rumored that garlic applied to the
wound may heal the poison, but this actually requires a garlic
plant whose spirit has been awoken. A Garou may spend two
points of Rage to purge the poison from her body, or the Resist
Toxin Gift will nullify the effects.

Blood Agent

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless and odorless in a gaseous form

Effects: Coma and death. It attacks the white blood cells
and cripples their ability to carry oxygen throughout the body.
A victim will slowly asphyxiate over about six hours. Symp-
toms for this weapon are nausea, vomiting, blue fingernails and
toenails, a gradually increasing numbing of the extremeties,
shortness of breath and loss of bowel control. There is no cure
or antidote. This agent is commonly mixed with an acidic
substance which can destroy the filters in many military-issue
protective masks, thus insuring a painful demise to any who are
unlucky enough to be caught in an effected area. This is the
worst fear of many soldiers.

This weapon attacks the Physical Attributes, beginning
with Strength and then attacking Dexterity and Stamina at
the rate of one dot per turn until death occurs (when the victim
is reduced to zero in all Attributes). Although this weapon is
incredibly lethal to humans, a Garou may use the Resist Toxin
Gift to nullify the effects of the chemical.

Protection: NBC (Nuclear, Biological and Chemical) or
M.O.P.P. (Mission Oriented Protective Posture) suit. WARN-
ING: Leave the area immediately! The acidic chemicals in this
agent will eat through filters and protective masks within 10
minutes.

Cear Gas

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless (frequently mixed with smoke), distinct
odor

Effects: Coughing, gagging, severe irritation of the eyes and
mucus membranes. Subtract two dice from all Dice Pools until
clear of the gas cloud for 10 minutes.

Protection: A gas mask will protect fully, scuba mask or
goggles will protect the eyes, and breathing througha wet cloth
will protect the lungs. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the
effects of tear gas.

Mustard Gas

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Faintly yellowish, distinctive odor

Effect: Caustic; causes blisters to exposed flesh. If inhaled,
blistering inside the lungs may prove fatal. Subtract one
Health Level per tum the skin is exposed to the gas. Victims
lose two Health Levels per turn of breathing the gas.

Protection: Full-skin coverage and a gas mask are necessary
for any protection. Ordinary clothing will protect for one tum
only. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the effects of this gas.

Appendix One: Weapons 109


Nerve Agent (Sarin)

Vector: Contact/Inhaled

Sensory: Colorless, odorless

Effect: Highly concentrated nerve gas inflicts one Health
Level per turn; this cannot be soaked. Ata low concentration,
it inflicts one Health Level per minute with the same restric-
tion. Ata trace concentration, it inflicts one Health Level per
hour.

Nerve gas causes nausea and disorientation, followed by
death. It is important to realize that the lethal effects of Sarin
occur at a concentration of 10 - 100 parts per million and that
the effects are always lethal. (Chances of nonlethal but still
symptom-inducing exposure are less than 1 in 10,000).

Protection: Sealed NBC or M.O.P.P. gear

Antidote: Atropine Injection Kit (hypdermic needles with
antropine; must be administered before symptoms begin. At-
ropine taken without exposure to Sarin becomes a toxin).
There are rumors that Pentex has engineeered this poison so
that antropine will only give the victim three to four more
hours of life. The Resist Toxin Gift will negate the effects of the
gas.

NOTE: It may be possible to protect oneself from Sarin by
sealing a room in a high place. Israel used this approach to

110

protect its population during the 1991 Gulf War, but the
effectiveness was not tested (there were no gas attacks).

Atropine

Vector: Injected

Sensory: Odorless, colorless liquid

Effect: Over a period of (Stamina + 3) hours, victims suffer
nausea, cramps, vomiting, disorientation and congested breath-
ing before they die. -

Antidote: Blood transfusion, hospital care.

Chemical Protection
MOLL. Suit

The M.O.P.P. suit, or Mission Oriented Protective Posture
suit, is lead-lined and designed to cover the entire body with
the exception of the head. It is used as a means of protection
in a chemical environment. The suit comes in a basic olive
drab green, although newer versions are in a camouflage
pattern to provide greater protection from visual sightings ina
wooded environment.

Thesuit protects the wearer from the effects of chemical and
biological weapons with a shield of lead sewn into the inside of

Rage Across the Amazon

the suit, preventing the agent from coming in contact with the
skin. The suit only provides complete protection when used in
conjunction with the M17A 1 protection mask. The mask uses
filters to trap the harmful agents and prevent them from being
introduced into the respiratory system. Some chemical agents,
however, are mixed with acidic agents that, although non-
toxic, have a corrosive effect on the filters of the mask, thus
destroying them and rendering the mask useless.

The M.O.P.P. suit is a common item in most of the world's
armies due to the popularity of chemical weapons on the
battlefield. In the United States, Great Britian, Germany and
other highly developed nations, it is considered basic issue and
no soldier is ever without one.

Seaurity Systems

Pentex's security systems are audiovisual, involving cam-
eras, closed-circuit televisions and microphones. Often the
mikes are tuned to pick up certain sounds (breaking glass,
voices, etc.)

These security systems are based on sensors and come in two
types: on/off and perception-based.

On/Off sensors do not require a roll to detect something.
They either trigger or they do not. For example, a window
breakage sensor will go off only if the window is broken. An

electric eye will go off only if the light beam is broken. There
is no roll for these sensors. The Storyteller must have the
players describe their actions very carefully. The sensors must
respond accordingly.

Perception-based sensors have a Perception Attribute used
in the same manner as a character's attribute. For example, a
thermal sensor might have a Perception rating of 8. The sensor
will roll eight dice against a difficulty rating of six to detect a
character and trigger an alarm.

Seaurity Systems
Sensors Perception
Microwave Sensor 8
Motion Sensors 6
Window 1
Door (metal) 5
Wall (cement) 9
Perception: The Dice Pool used to detect intruders.
Strength: The Dice Pool (see the Strength Chart in
Werewolf) required to break through the barrier.

Appendix One: Weapons



All the following totems are local to the tropical rainforests
of South America. Some of them extend their powers up to
Mexico, but it is rare to find their children north of the Rio
Grande.

Each of these totems is wise in the ways of the jungle. In
addition to the benefits listed below, they will grant their
outsider children the wisdom to navigate the confusing
rainforest. This does notnegate any normal modifiers. It simply
allowsa northern Garou to understand the jungle as well as she
does her pine forests or southern swamps. Without this lore, it
will be much harder for her to travel or track through the
rainforest. The Storyteller should add extra difficulties to such
actions for any Garou not allied to local totems.

Allying with these totems will usually require a quest of
some sort. The Storyteller should feel free to come up with
imaginative adventures for the characters who wish to search
for these totems.

Totems of War
Anaconda

Background Cost: 5

Anaconda is the lurking hunter of the jungle, slithering
from the trees above or through the water below to suddenly
leap at her prey. She does not use poison to take down her
enemies, but instead relieson herconstriction and terrible bite.
She squeezes her enemies near to death and then sinks her
fangs in.

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling

Characters with this totem gain two dice in Brawl for any
grappling or overbearing maneuvers. They also gain one die of
damage in bite attacks. She also gives them Stealth 3 for
sneaking up on enemies or hiding from them (so that they can
set up for the kill, of course).

Anaconda is not popular with Garou, for they believe her
tactics are those of the Wyrm. The native Uktena know better.

Ban: Anaconda has few restrictions, but she asks that her
children not harm any snakes.

Jaguar

Background Cost: 7

Jaguar is the king of the rainforest, the supreme predator of
the Amazon. El Tigre ,as the Spanish call him, isa powerful and
deadly hunter; many defer to him. He is also allied with the
Balam tribe of the werecats, who can assume his form.

Jaguar's children gain one die in Strength, one die in
Dexterity and one die to claw damage.

Ban: Children of Jaguar must kill any who destroy the
rainforest. This would seemingly make Jaguar an ally of the
Garou, but Jaguar believes the Garou harm the forest: any
Garou who allies with Jaguar must fight his own kind.

Panthesilea

Background Cost: 9

Itis thought that Panthesilea may once have been the spirit
of one of the first Black Furies to ever set foot in the Amazon
Basin. In time, the collective spirit of the Amazon has continu-

113


ally reinforced the power of Panthesilea, and she has grown to
represent the Amazon's beauty, mystery, and fierce vitality.

Panthesilea is perhaps one of the most difficult of the
Amazonian totems to contact, and she rarely chooses an entire
pack. When she does manifest, she tends to focus on one
member of her chosen pack and totally possess that person,
speaking to the pack directly and taking a hand in the business
she feels needs to be done. That pack member immediately
develops an effective Pure Breed score of 5 for the duration of
his possession. This Incarna's commands are exceedingly hard
toignore. This possession, unfortunately, causes madness in all
but the most strong-willed of Garou: make a Willpower roll,
difficulty 9; unless three successes are scored, lose one point of
Willpower per possession. Her consciousness is vast and com-
plicated, reflecting the diversity and wilderness that is the
Amazon.

The possessed packmember has a Leadership of 7, a Melee
skill of 5, anda Brawl talent of 7. Panthesilea often directs the
activites of the pack with her talents, organizing them into an
elite fighting force.

The rest of the pack gains the Silent Strider Gift of
Attunement. Also, any animal native to the Amazon will
never harm one of Panthesilea's children. Those packs she
chooses gain instant alliance with all of the native Uktena,
Bastet and Mokolé in the area: they all instinctively know
someone touched by the Jungle Warrior.

Panthesilea is concerned with the longevity and vivacity of
both the spiritual and physical life of the Amazon: currently

114

she is involved with trying to stop the mass-production of
fetishes and talens. This production results in many of the
Amazonian nature spirits being sucked away.

Ban: Panthesilea will often give her children missions to
undertake. If they do not follow her orders in such things, she
leaves them. The nature of the missions are usually to right the
balance of the ecosystem, but the specifics are up to the
Storyteller.

Totem of Respect
Harpy Eagle

Background Cost: 6

Harpy isa huge bird and lords over the highest canopy of the
rainforest. From her vantage point, she can see much that
endangers the forest, but she can rarely see details, for the thick
canopy hides the world below. It is said that Harpy understands
the big picture but misses the small details.

Harpy gives her children the Spirit of the Bird Gift and
Intimidation 2. In addition, they receive 100 Honor upon
allying with her.

Ban: Harpy asks her children to protect the trees. They
must prevent the deforestation of the Amazon.

Toten of Wisdom
Coad

Background Cost: 6

Toad is a very strange totem. He is lord of many medicines
and poisons, and can concoct on his back anything from
hallucinogens to deadly toxins. He can also provide healing
elixirs.

Children of the Toad gain Medicine 3. With the right
materials, they can concoct many strange elixirs (Storyteller's
discretion). They also gain the Resist Toxin and Venom Gifts.
However, toad demands a price for his powers...

Ban: Toad's children are ugly: lose two points from Appear-
ance. They also must not harm toads.

Cotern of Cunning
Coatimundi

Background Cost: 4

Coatimundi is the most curious totem in the jungle. Related
to Raccoon, he has his nose in everything and is always
breaking things. But he knows his way around like few others
and gives his lore and secrets to his children.

Children of Coatimundi gain Subterfuge 3, Stealth 2 and
Area Knowledge (Amazon) 3. However, as a totem of cun-
ning, he is without honor. His children lose 25 honor every
time they gain renown.

Ban: Coatimundi's children must not scold or harm pests,
such as Coatimundis, mice and curious monkeys. They must
always give a beggar something for his troubles (his children are
quite popular with Bone Gnawers).

Rage across the Amazon

Che Cactical
Storytelling Method

Fora Storyteller, sometimes running war can be hell. How
do you arbitrate the background action? When battles take
place, who wins and who loses? This is a Storytelling game —
in other words, the needs of the story dictate the plot. This can
sometimes seem forced. The players may feel the Storyteller is
not being fair in his rulings.

One way around this is the Tactical Method of Storytelling.
This little system was introduced in the Vampire supplement
Anarch Cookbook. It isa method by which group conflicts can
be resolved in a simple manner with the same type of dice
rolling that goes on in regular person-to-person combat.

There are two different ways this system can be used. In the
first method, the Storyteller resolves what will happen in these
battles by himself. Group character sheets and some dice-
rolling are used to find the outcome. This is sort of like solo
wargaming. For this, it is best if the Storyteller makes all the
rolls and figures the results before the game, when the players
come into the action. This will require adjusting the results,
though, to match any player action that could change the
predetermined outcome.

In the second method, the players take one or more groups
and run them against the Storyteller's groups. It is not recom-
mended that they use their character's pack as a group in this
method. This robs the game of its unique roleplaying potential.
Character packs are meant to resolve things while roleplaying,
not by simply rolling dice. This method should instead be used
toresolve large-scale battles between Garou Wargs and Pentex
platoons.

Groups have much the same statistics that characters do:
names, Abilities, Backgrounds and, optionally, Natures and
Demeanors. Instead of the full range of Attributes, groups only
have Physical, Social and Mental stats. Groups also have
weapons and powers. They do not have Rage, Gnosis or
Willpower, although there are optional rules for these as well.

Each group involved in the war should be written up by the
Storyteller. Actions can then be resolved between these
groups with simple dice rolls. The results are introduced as
background information.

Certain equipment can add to a group's attack Pool. Claws
and Fangs add one die to Brawl Dice Pools, while small Klaives
add one die to Melee Dice Pools and large Klaives add two.
Normally, pistols add one die, rifles add two, and shotguns and
submachine guns add three, but unless the bullets are silver,
Garou can regenerate this damage. All silver weapons add one
die when used against Garou groups.

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling

Groups also have Powers. These represent certain Gifts,
fetishes or fomori powers which will have an effect on group-
level combat.

Garou groups will have two physical stats. One is for their
natural forms, even if there is a mix of forms, such as homid and
lupus Garou together. The other stat is for their Crinos form,
their war form. Garou in this latter mode automatically "regen-
erate" one enemy success against them per turn (as shown in
the example), unless the damage was aggravated (claws, silver,
fire, etc.).

Combat between groups is resolved through resisted dice
rolls. In the case of two or more groups attacking one group, the
single group must split its Dice Pool to be able to attack both
of the other groups.

The results of combat between groups still requires Story-
teller interpretation. The outcome is defined by a set number
of successes that need to be achieved by one of the groups. The
group that first achieves that many successes wins. It is up to the
Storyteller to interpret how they win. Inacity game, the police
will rarely shoot to kill; if they win, they will have successfully
subdued and arrested the group. In the Amazon war, however,
platoons are more ruthless. In this case, the Storyteller can
decide that each success kills one member of the opposing
group. This way, they can lose the fight and still cause casual-
ties.

Sample Groups

The Savage Gristle Pack: Number: 5; Nature: Bravo,
Demeanor: Bravo; Attributes: Physical 3/6, Social 1, Mental 2;
Abilities: Brawl 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge (tracking) 3,
Stealth 2,Area Knowledge (Amazon) 1.-Backgrounds: Allies
2 (other packs), Rage 4. Weapons: Claws and Fangs. Powers:
Elemental Gift (the elements can be commanded to attack
foes; for instance, the Gift could turn the ground to mud toslow
enemy movement).

First Team Number 31: Number: 5; Nature: Fanatic,
Demeanor: Bravo; Attributes: Physical 3, Social 1, Mental 2;
Abilities: Brawl 1, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3, Firearms 3,
Melee 1, Demolitions 1, Stealth 3. Backgrounds: Allies (other
teams) 2. Weapons: Uzis (+3 firearms, but no silver bullets),
knives (+1 Melee). Powers: Toxic Touch (all Brawl attacks are
aggravated).

115


\\
am EA

Example of Tactical Resolution

While the player character pack sneaks into the Pentex
Laboratories, the Savage Gristle Pack is assigned the job of
keeping the First Team guards busy outside. Both Savage
Gristle and the First Team are NPC groups. The Storyteller
decides that she wants to run the actual story of the player
characters' own attack using roleplaying, but will use the
Tactical Method for the other attack.

She chooses one of the players (or lets them choose from
among themselves) to run the Savage Gristle Pack while she
takes the First Team. She will "cut" back and forth between the
two actions throughout the story.

The Storyteller decides that a total of five successes are
required for one side to win (each success represents an enemy
kill). She first rolls initiative for the two groups, giving the
player an extra two dice for surprise, and declares that if the
player wins, he can have an unresisted attack. They each roll
their group's Mental + Alertness against a six difficulty; the
First Team wins with two successes. The attack is thusa resisted
roll as usual.

First Team Number 31 attacks with their guns (Physical 3
+ Firearms 3, plus three dice for their Uzis = 9 dice) and are
resisted by the Savage Gristle's claws (Physical 6+ Brawl 4, plus
one for their claws = 11). The difficulty for both sides is set at
six. The First Team gets five successes, while the Garou get
two, leaving the First Team with three successes.

116

The Storyteller sums up the turn: the Garou charged from
the jungle, but Pentex was not taken by surprise. They pulled
out their guns and began firing. The Garou took casualties, cut
down by the heavy fire.

The Storyteller then decides to return to regular play for a
while, roleplaying the player pack in their adventures. A little
while later, when he comes to a good cliffhanger moment, she
decides to switch the scene back to the Tactical action going
on outside the labs.

At the start of the second turn, the Garou regenerate the
damage they took last turn. Since the bullets used were not
silver, they regenerate one damage success. The First Team
now only has two successes over the Garou, rather than three.

This turn, the First Team gets two more successes, while the
Garou get five, leaving the Garou with three successes. The
First Team still has a total of two successes from last turn.

Again, the Storytellersumsup the action: the bulletsdidnot
keep the Garou down for long; they leaped into the fray again,
barely wounded. Pentex faltered and the werewolves valiantly
raked their foes.

Later in the adventure, the Storyteller gets around to the
third turn. First the Garou regenerate another of the First
Team's successes, leaving the team with only one now, while
the Garou have three. This time, the First Team gains two
successes and the Garou get four; this leaves the Garou with
twosuccesses this turn. Added to their running total, they have

five successes — the number required to win.

The Storyteller sums up: the Garou tear once again into
their foes and decimate them. The First Team is left to rot on
the field of battle.

Alternatives

Willpower is a trait that represents a very individual char-
acteristic. However, particularly tight-nit groups can sometimes
have a Willpower score, especially under the influence of the
Strength of Will Ahroun Gift. They can then use this to resist
certain Mental or Social attacks (see Other Tactical Situations
below).

As for Rage: ifa tight-nit group is united in their anger, then
they may get a Rage score. Get of Fenris packs are likely to have
Rage as a group. Whenever a group suffers a bad loss, the
Storyteller should get them to check their Rage with a normal
frenzy roll. If they get four or more successes, they frenzy: they
are all dragged into a chain-reaction of Rage taken to the
boiling point. In battle, it is most often a berserker frenzy. This
will cause the Garou to attack with their simplest weaponry
(usually claws) until their enemy is dead. During a frenzy, they
gain one die to their attack Pool. However, if an enemy used
a wildly successful Intimidation attack on the Garou, then a
fox frenzy may be the result. In this case, the Garou flee the
field. In this system, Rage cannot be spent for extra actions.

As for Gnosis, if the group is fighting a horde of Banes in the
Umbra, they can be assigned a Gnosis trait for use asa Dice Pool
in Binding Rites or other spirit magics at the Storyteller's
discretion.

Rage across the Amazon

Remember, all these traits are usually very individualistic. It
is rare to find a group that can average out enough to have a
score in these traits. Use Willpower, Rage and Gnosis with
discretion.

Other Tactical Situations

Group situations outside of war can also be resolved with
this system, giving groups extended actions. For example, the
Shadow Lords have to make an extended action roll of Social
+ Subterfuge (or Intimidation) to convince the Get of Fenris
to side with them against the sept leader.

While combat actions can be resolved in short turns (per-
haps five or ten minutes each), Social or Mental actions will
usually require longer. In the above example, it may take weeks

per roll to convince the Get that the Shadow Lords' advice is
sound, or it could take months.

Final Advice

The Storyteller should never let this system intrude on
roleplaying. It is used with background actions, not the primary
story action. If the results clash with the story, then the
Storytellershould feel free to change them or ignore them. The
tules are meant to complement the game, not overcome it.

Remember that, above all, Werewolf isa Storytelling game.
If this system fouls the play or slows up the game, ditch it. It is
presented here simply as one method for arbitrating group

interactions. Don't get hung up on these rules and don't panic
if they don't work right for your style of gaming.

Appendix Two: Totems & Tactical Storytelling


Key

1. Pentex HQ (DFG)

Ranch Apocalypse

. Hollow Heart Caern

. Pentex Labs

k Claw's Den

Spirits

nyrir

s Hand Hive

n's Den

SOHO NI ADARON

3. Operation Blight

Scale
1 - 100 miles

PACIFIC OCEAN

>

|
|

i
)
s
a
2
3
So
3
me
