# File: Rage Across The Heavens.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


The Prophecy of Speaks-in-Silence
As | traveled through the forest meadow, I heard the sound of

the prey as the great Owl stooped upon ir. His amber. eyes fixed

upon mine as he opened wide his bloodstained beak and eried forth

this revelation. saying unto me: Behold! For in the/Last Days there

shall appear within the heavens a star of b100d. guring as it falls

toward Gaia's breast: She shall cryoutin agony, torn asunder by

great upheavals. The eye of the Wyrm shall gaze down upon the

destruction wrought thereunto and madness shall reign among

both night spawned and day born, By this and by the other signs

given unto you, «tou shalt know that the End Times are come.

4 By Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea |



‘Guliera Moonsister doubled overin pinansd biter lip
seep fromscreming. Theaging Galliandheld herbody tersely
aginst the knife-sharp spasins that wracked her abdoren,
‘willing herself ro relax into the agony until it subsided. After a
fewseconidsthatseemed like centuneshaxipassed, the pain diet
sway. Gulieraglped inthe fresh night ar an felt soft brecae
tingle against the sweaty fil that enveloped ber skin.

‘On this, the shortese night ofthe year, she hnd come to
this par of the forest, just ouside her caer, to meditate, Her
sxpttates, absorbed in the festivities building tothe Great
Hunt, knew her location and would respond to any cry for
help, Until she knew the reaton for her wadden pain, she
‘would nordsrurh their revels Likewise, they would leave her
to her aeekings. The Sept of the Prophecy attracted Garou
who felt compelled to decipher the ancient writing foretell-
tngthe Apocalypse. The members ofthe sept understood tha
most discoveries ofthis kind came about in solitude.

Another wave of searing agony seized her, This time
she could not control a smal yelp of pain. Once again the
‘caring feeling dwindled to nothing, She gasped in recon
tion, I'm having birth pangs!

Gollera stifled an urge to laugh ae the irony. She had
just passed her 50th birthday in the fall; before that, her
monthly flow had ceased. In her lifetime she had birthed
three children, none of whom had proven to be Garou. She
‘had put her childhesring years behind her with a combina
tion of relief and reluctance, intending to devote herself to
hier studies of prophetic texts — and to her visions.

Forthe third time, she felthernow-selesswombcontract,
soing throngh the motions of expelling a fetus that did noe
‘xt: This time, another consciousness scemed to link leet-
inely with ers—andsherealiel thenatunectheresperionce

[hiss not happening me, but iti happening somewhere
The thought came into her head with the charity that
portended another vision. What am I feeling, and why
Guliera waited out the contraction, secure now thar she had
given a name to the pain. When she could breathe freely
again, she closed hereyes and focused on the innercalm that
hhelped her induce the vision trance. Gaia, make me see with

our eyes what you want me to know.
The vision took her, sending her mind into a place of
shifting colots and fluid forms. She allowed hen to float
ld discern fragmen

tary pictures, like shredded snapshots, that flashed into view

before giving way to another

Her body, wracked with the pangsof childbirth, was
longer that ofan aging erone. Instead, she fel the steexgth
and vibeancy of a young woman's form — the body of a
mother-to-be. In... Crinos? Yes, Then the babe must be
iets Regret stabbed at Guliera like another contraction
Poor, foolish woman, to bring life to—

Realizition flurtered behind her mpelide. Renvoath
healthy flesh ofher borrowed "body" laya taint of somet
— some weakness of the body or mind that was all too
‘evident. Metis. The mother fs mets, too

Guliera forced herself back inside the vision, anxious
ow to explore it as fully ax ahe could. She sensed the
presence of another person, hovering anxiously aver her
cconvulsing form, This must be the child's father. The metis
rine played about him like blued aurs as well. Guliees's
hheart pounded with the realization of the meaniny of her
vision, A fragment from an ancient prophecy came to her
rind. Two who should not be, in unblessed enon joi, bringing
forth ame perfece whole She was witnessing the fulfilment

Legends of the Garou: Star Light, Star Bright


of words ypoken centuries before, preserved in 1 mournful
passage known to her as the Death Song of the Croazan,

She fle. pain more intense and wracking than any that
‘had gone before. She felt the cuberupe trom her body, her half-
wolf, half-humuan form accommodating the infant's large head.
‘Her viewpoint shifted and she knew the thrill of fatherhood for
thefisttime. perfec child, bor withous flaw, yerstilone ofthe
matic treed. She sensed an urgency within her wiston, pulling,
‘beraway from the scene before her eyes and sending an icy chill
through her body — through Guleras by

Gulera opened her eyes and saw the familiar forest
glade around hor In the distance, dhe could hear che
howling chants of her sepemutes— only a (ew minutes more
into the rituals, s0 only a few minutes had pasted since the
vision bore her spicit away to an unknown place.

This is ot over. There & sl somncig left wo dover.
Guliem stood upright and walked dowly towand the center of
the clewring. Lifting her face to the sky, she searched the
darkness for the final message that would bring an end to her
vision, The star-filled winter sky temained silent and uncom-
smunicative. What} need w find es beyond the physlal sky, she
tealzed, looking abwast for something that would serve as a
cconduir for her passage into the Umbra, She crossed to the
tcleecfthe clearing, where aimall pool of wate, carezed with
athin venser of ce, caught the light fom the stars. She stared
int the pool and felt herself breach the Gauntlet.

Oricnting herself, she raised her eyes to the Umbra

benrens, where the piri (oun of die constellations Lay

spread uit before her, She let her gaze past from one to the

other, naming them in het mind, There was Orion, the
‘ternal Hunter with his bow and his triple-starred belt She
searched for dhe two Ulnwe, Major aud Minot, usting daca 1
locate Polaison the end ofthe Little Bea's tail,

Something cnght her eye, then, suddenly appearing in
the sky between Una Major and Leo. As ifthe might had
oqucedineweye,red pinpoint fared once — explosively —
then settled into a faint, winking speck in the sky. A new star
shone in the heavensof the Umbra. Chuliera feltawaveofbone-
verenching cold wash through ber. Th star heralds he bith of
the metis-bumn... ov else the impassable child's bath announced the
coming ths inuding sar. The thenght filed er mind witha
cxreinty. The wson ends, but something de begs;

Alara her, the landscape reeked of death. The rut of
biking Lmg-vmishe fcr the earth tonsersd oer her, thet
tweed cellngs and domed roofs echoing a dead age of ded
splendor, now faded inwo ruse and decay. Beyond, a desert
seretched tn endless memotemey, its fale grary dimes forming hills of.
ah and powdered bones.

She stood poised in nervous expectation; her eyes, rimmed
«with viewal kohl, focused om the spectral Reure that formed in the
lifeless arr urmand her. She waited for the wraith to materialize
fully. The man's shaven head and tattered robes recalled the
fmewhoad ofan ancient, now dead religion

"Speak to me. fr lam listening," Deseret commanded him.

‘The ghostly priest bowed, his pestune at once respectful and
faintly mocking

T have but lite dine," he said. "My masters wad noe
_approve of my meeting with you inthis place berween places. Yee
[serve them in coming here, for my message to You concerns not
ust you an your kind but also troubles usin the shadow ward."

‘She made, saying mocking

Hee pointed, arm outstretched sonar the shy, "Look," he
said. "You can se it dest overhead,"

‘She raved her head, lating her gaze follow his pointing
frig. Aboweher, the skies ofthe Underworld, the Dark Umbra,
ruse ich ar eerie dm ight. Stas cha dst not so much wake
a gape sprinkled the dull metalic sky, ooking more lke holes n
«a battered eanopy than pinpoints of brighmess: Excepe for one
ont of rue light,

"1 se it," she sand, aie filing her woxce. "Like a ved cost
rerning ina firepit of aes."

"And yet the important point," the unt priest muerured
"is tha itas acco. Nothing here has true color. Nothing."

"Whats?" she asked, sable owe her eves fom t. As she
watched itseeredt grow just the sight bz brighter — cou large.

"That is something yor, not 1, must discover," he said. "We
brie chat does ne rine in our bart of the otherwvrl but
‘yours Iecomes rom your rea, You mst determines crn.
‘We cam do nothing bus wnch grow and fear its mecning."

Deseret Path Runner woke, her body bathed in: cold,
clammy sweat. Her one-peron tent sxldenly seemed t00
small. She rose and left the tent to stand, naked, under the
scarry desertsky, Heedlessofthe night'chill, the young Silent
Strider searched the searlic darkness, Finally, she looked
eastward, midway between Urst Majorand Leo. Reaching fer
the sinall mirror that hung ftom a leather thong around her
neck, she gazed into its reflection until she felt the world slp
away from her and found herself standing in the Umbra.

The stillness of night carried over ito the realn beyond
the Gauntlet. Here, the desert sparkled with dismond:chor
srains of rainbow-colored sand. Deseret oriented herself again,
looking skyward until she found the familiar constellations,
‘which he knew tobe pit realinsinthistimeless etemal space

There it was, angry in its baleful crimson glory, hover-
ing like a weeping Bloody eye in the heavens. The red star.

"W's ue," she whispered to herself. "Amunhakeep-ra
spske e1uly." The foryystead riot of Ra had vials ice
before, in her dreams and during hee frequent visits to the
‘Shadowlands of the Dark Umbra. She suspected thar blood
connected them somchow, though thousands of years had
passed since he last walked the earth.

A thought passed chnough her mind, siking ber with
the intensity of « spoken message. "I have looked into the
Eye ofthe Wyrm," she said, her voice trembling. "Itistime,"
she sakl again, "Bice time for what"

Slipping back into the physical world, Deseret quickly
gathered her traveling gear — a backpack and water skins
She deesed ina moment, broke down hec tent and rolled it
into a manageable bundle and prepared to travel

Rage Across the Heavens


ASTROGATOR: Is this room secure?
Michael Links-with-Gaia snorted as he saw the words
roll across the sereen of his laptop. Darmned Leech
doesn't must me to be cautious, He'd spent the lase hour
Performing rite that would ensure that no one — creature
‘relectronic spirit —could eavesdrop orhack theirwayinto
thir online mecting with the ¥
aliag of Astrogator. He squelched the impulse
online colleague, preferting to gett the bu
VORTEX: We're secure, What's up?
He hud mer Astrogitor almost a year ago at an ontine
conference for amateur astronomers. The tw of ther hud
connected finmediarely both talked about astrological lore in
sways that hinted at understanding not gleaned from any book
They tod exctamged heones, esotertc tidbits and shared
cbservations for three months before finally amnging a face
to-face meeting, Michael ssunpriseatdiscoveringthat Astrogator
‘es undead equnled the vampire's constemation at perce
that Michie! was a werewolf. Mutual curiosity — ans
‘unwillingness to tet one unother's srength — had protubly
saved both theitlives Thepairhadearefllyagre:
corresponding online while minimizing their personal contact
swith each othe. Icrewoured Michael to no endl that the two
hhad teritories on opposing sides of the country; thankfilly
they'd encountered no further conflict. Yer.
ASTROGATOR: You asked for this rendez
vous. Why don't you tell me "what's up"
Michael hesitated. A few daysago, be received
smeesage from Deseret Path Runner, a Sercer he had n
Grand Moot the year before, The message conta as
‘sooudinates alongs wid a request for hisn eo check wth his
"other contacts" — discreedly, possible. Michie! had no
idea f Desereteven suspected the extent of his
hhecouldn' resist finding ourif Astmgstor had any knowledge
‘of dhesettorwmical pheniomenoa Deseret had ler itn to.
VORTEX: Have you checked the skies lately?
ASTROGATOR: Your skies or mine?
The Glass Walker chuckled at the distinction. The
vampire knew only a little about the Umbra, a place the
pite could only brush through his ability
astral space. Litle by litte, he'd learned!
|, fw things about the Leech. Some of
the information — such as
E Astropator's capability for astral
Z projection — discurbed him so much
PF that he insisted on extracting an cath
from the Leech not to exercise that pati
lar power in Michaels vicinity. Other bits
of knowledge reassured him thut, despite
7 the vampice's undead body and Wyrm:
fainted essence, Astrogator tly desired toshare
hhis centuries:of knowledge with "worthy" ac
quaintances. Michael couldn't help but
feel flattered that an astrologer fro the

Je who bid behind dhe

ontacts," but


U7eh century showed in interest ins 22-year old part-time
astronomer, part-time computer geek

Michael was careful not to stress the "full-time Garou"
thar came after the other parts

{i wausa strange relationship. Even 40, the young Glass
‘Walker was more than willing toabsorb as much knowledge
from the Leech as he could. Ifhe should have to destroy the
ancicnt someday, atleast sonicofthe vamplie's considerable
learning would not disappear.

ASTROGATOR: Are you still there?

Michael broke out of his musing and realized that he
Iva boen scaring che sereen forJonger than wal Migheas
‘well ate the baler.

VORTEX: Your skies. I've checked mine.
Have you noticed anything odd?

‘Now it wan Miciae's urn to walt. He wondered ifthe
Lech felt the same slight trepidition at broaching the
subject ofthe newfound star as he did — or ifthe vampite
‘coukl even see it. Sof ns Michael knew, from scanning the
variow porting boards and monitoting his usval collection
of astronomy-related websites, noone else had remarked on
the axiden appearance of a "stranger" in the akies between
the constellations Ura Major and Leo,

ASTROGATOR: Such a> ant unfamitiar
stellar object, perhaps?

VORTEX: Don't get coy

ASTROGATOR: If you are referring to the
red-spectrum star in the northeastern

sky, then, yes, T have seen something not
only odd but mildly alarming.

VORTEX: Any ideas on what it 15?
ASTROGATOR: 1 can tell you what 1t
"isn't*. T have watcheo the skies for 300
years without seeing its Like. If it is a
comet of some sort, then it is one that
has not appeared in our space tor centu-
thes, What do you make of 1?

Michae! thought for a few seconds before wording his
reply. He knew that some information should not be shared
with any non-Garou, und his speculations about the nature
of the ted star belonged in that category. Nevertheless, he
cowed Astrogator some sort of response — particularly ithe
wanted any solid information in return,

VORTEX: I see it very distinctly in
my" space, It looks Like some sort of

star. A new cosmological event, perhaps?
ASTROGATOR: Maybe, T haven't attempted
to view It while "traveling," though I
suspect it might appear more substantiat
to we in a-space, as well

VORTEX: Does it "mean" anything to you?
Why does 1t alarm you?

Michiel made himself relax ashe waited for Astrogator
response. This was the loaded question. Deseret had referred
to the star as the "Eye of the Wyrm," Michael needed to
kknow ifthe star had any significance for the Leeches as well

ASTROGATOR: How familiar are you with
eschatology or teleology?

Michaelfeltachillon theback fhisneck. Heknew that
‘Astrogator refered to branches of philosophy that deal with
the "end times" and the ultimate destiny of the universe
VORTEX: I know what the words mean
ASTROGATOR: Most millennialists are
unschooled eschatologists, looking for-
ward to Armageddon in the beliet that
they are privy to the timetable for the
end of the world, Most of them are wrong
in their calculations

VORTEX: Most?

Come on; don't play games. Miche! tapped his fingers
‘on the keyboard impatiently and wiited.

ASTROGATOR: My "people." if you will
allow me to refer to those like me by
Such 2 term, have our own eschatological
Tevent™ — our version of the end of the
world, 1f you will. We call it Gehenna
VORTEX: Sounds comforting. isn*t that
the name of one of the Biblical hells?
ASTROGATOR: Knowledgeable. aren't we?
VORTEX: Spit it out!

Michael cursed himself for his outburst, hoping that
Astrogator wouldn't take offense and leave the chat room.
Quietly he cent an aferrtheughe
VORTEX: Sorry

Michael waited for two minutes by the computer's
cloek before he admitted that he'd made an error of proto-
col. Ieseemod that this Leech could be as temperamental as
any Garou elder. The Glass Walker realized that, much as it
galled him todo to, in this exchange he would have to bow
‘0 the vampire fhe hoped to gather some valuable insights
about the etrange star.

VORTEX: I was rude. Forgive me.

He hoped that the apology would be enough. After
another thirty seconds, Astrogator's words scrolled actoss
issereen once more, Micha! lec outa sgh of relic
ASTROGATOR: No offense. This tine.
Shall I continue?

VORTEX: Please do

ASTROGATOR: Some of our scholars be-
Lieve that Gehenna will come only after
certain signs or portents. I fear that
the appearance of this sudden visitor to

our cosmos may fulfill one of those signs
Of Genenna. 1 am no scholar of these
prophectes. however. and cannot say how
key it ts

VORTEX: Oh, Any word on the nature of
the beast?

ASTROGATOR: I'm no interpreter of
omens, but my best guess — speaking in
purely astronomical terms — is that we
might be visited by an asteroid within
the next decade or so. And no, I haven't
been "watching too many movies."

VORTEX: Thanks for your speculations. I
wish I had some of my own to give you
Right now 1 can only wonder. Keep ine

6 Rage Across the Heavens


posted on any changes you observe, I'LL
try to do the same
After 2 few more inconsequential exchanges, Michael
logged off. hoping that he hadn't given away too much
imation. He reviewed the log of his onversition with
strogator, edited itand printed the severely revised copy to,
a file for forwarding to Deseret when he had the chance. if
the Leeches thought the end starhodled the end of the wneld
for them a well, then he had even more to worry about

‘The oki woman sat on the stoop of the battered old
double wide trailer, its rusted siding betokening too many
‘years of neglect. By her side, a glass jar held un inch or so of
srk-eolored Kquid. From time to time, the erone would
pick up the jar md expel the juice from the chaw of tobacco
tucked in one se of her mouth, agsinst her cheek
Atherfeet young man sat respectfully, looking away
‘every time his grandmother spat into the jar. He kept his eft
um, with its useless claw of hand, rucked elase to his ide.
*So, you came as I asked you to," the off woman said
ster about five minutes of solemn chewing and spitting
"Yea, grandmother," Thomas Single Claw replied. "You
told me you had something tell me about your trips into
the spicicvorld
"Tew what told you" the old woman snapped herage-
wrinkled eves crinkling with mild armoyance at the young
‘man's impertinence. "You wol-follcdo notkow hav to wait."
shesaid. "You actas fevery moment were your las. | should be
the one wha sits om the edge ofthe doorway into the land of
<denthand compluinsaboutbowmoch timeswasted in waiting,
for young braves to answer an old woman's suramons"
‘Thomas lowered his head. "Tin sorry t couldn't come
sooner" hes, knowing that whatever reasons he could pive
hherwouldnoe stisfyhisKingolksrandmothe."Tmbere, now"
The old woman nodded, "Yes. you ure." She fell silent
again, her eyes closed as fhe had suddenly fallen asleep.
‘Thomas knew better than to disturb her. He contented
hhimself with Joking around nt the bare Oleshoma land:
starknoss. The sunset painted
the sky in violent reds nnd yellows, colored by the dst that
‘blew up from the parched earth of this part of the res:
‘She's raving che serie we none, Thomas reise. Her
eulyichooeuehne but hormvtnilerhs phen eh Imbwr Roe
‘rnoment, Thomas was tempted to join er: The tllection of
thesettingsan ff the chrome-plated railing f the trae stoop)
woul give him an entry for stepping sideways easly enough,
huthisgrandmotherhadnorinvitedhimtojoinher Hewaited
Finally, the okd woman'seyesopened. She lookedat het
grandson and pursed her lips, Her dark eyes looked troubled.
"Youknow where have justbeen, grandson?" she asked
"Yes, grandmother. You've been in the spirit work."
"Have you been there lately?"
‘Thomas nodded. "That was why I didn't come to you
sooner. I was looking at — soxnething troubling that has
‘appeared in the skies

‘The old woman dipped her head ina slow acknowledy-
‘ment of her grandson's words. "So you have seen it, too,
then. The réd star."

"Yes," Thomas said, "Do you know whic i is?

The old woman shook her head. *l know i¢ has no
counterpart in these skies," she said, gesturing with one
hhand ac the nearly dark aky. "Atleast, not yet. My brother's
sdoghter works mun observatory in California. { have asked
her to look at the sky through her telescopes there. She
reports nothing out of the ordinary."

"Do you think it only exists in the spirit world, grand:
mother?" Thomas askes.

"T.do noc think chic anything "only" exists in the spit
world," the old woman said. "Thelieve thar thisred visitoe builds
fits power there, but that it has business with this world as well
Ever since | first saw it, my dreams have heen troubled."

Thomas cocked his head. "Do you think the star is
the emuse?"

"1 would not have said anything to you if I thoughr
‘otherwise," the old woman said. "dream ofa great bathe i
the heavens and on the earth. 1 do not know what the
‘outcome willbe,

"Have youtalked toanyone elke whahas seen the star
‘Thomas asked. When she found out that Thomas was going
tosee his grandmother, his sept leader had asked the young
metis to discover whether oF not anyone other than the
Gan
true vision, Donna Grayfeather was almost as much at hone
inthe Umbraasthe Garou wete. Somehow it didn' surprise
‘Thomas thar his grandmother knew of the red st.

The old worse looked pensive have talled to some
other medicine workers," she said. "The sighting ofthe star
came up in one of our eouneil meetings and we decided to
see how widespread the knowledge of its existence had
become: So far, only medicine workers can see it."

"1 fuwwe heand some of our elders call the star the Eye of
the Wyrm," Thomas said

That isasgood aname.ssany,"his grandmothersnid. "The
starfeel ick. Thee issomething very wrongabour is presence."

"Tell mye about it," Thomas said

Lam ell you about it, grandson," Donna Graiyfeather
said shagply."Younced to lsten harder." She waited for Thorns
twecover his compose ater her admonition before conti
ing 1 will se what ele 1 can find out abox this star for you."

"Thank you, grandmother," Thomassaid realising that
she wanted him toleave her. Hestood up and walked toward
his motorcycle. It wasa two-hour ride to his sept and he had
news togive the elder, news they would not rejoice to heat

had seen thestar. Because che wasashaman, ane with,

"OF course I've seen the big sta." the elfchild sai
plaitinganother daisy into che crown of grassthat Sheila had
just finished weaving for her.

The wind blew in from the shore; salting their with its
rangyandl eaening the lang grasies that grew on. the hulle

Legends of the Garou: Star Light, Star Bright


overlooking the rocky beach to rustle with a chittering noise
like a thousand whispers, Sheila O'Riordan had spent the
afternoon regaling the litle gil with stories from her repertoire
cof Ir legends. Asa Galliard mised at a fellow Fianna Moon
‘Duncer's knee, Sheila knew at least a hundred tales of heroes
and princesses. The faerie child, Riona, never tired of hearing
them. Even the bloody ones. Especially the bloody ones
y Riots bore all che marks of the far folk. Her
wild silvery hair and violet eyes gave her an ethereal look,
tnwtehed by the strangely alien cast of het smile. For all her
‘youth, the child seemed wise beyond her years. Sheila had
carefully cultivated the youngling's friendwhip, and had
‘come 0 enjoy the strangely long afternoons spent in the fae
ails presence. In retutn, she knew the childling savored the
stories she told and the songs they sang together. The girl
wae rwanous— crangely hungey for stories of her kind. No:
wonder she reated theit meetings like a feast
 cbowever, neither Rona nor Sheilafelt invigorated
frxn their mecting. Sheila had deliberately steered their con-
versation around to the stars, telling the child stories about
Cassiop domed, Orion und the Great and Little Bears.
Then she mentioned seeing # large red stur in the sky not far
from Una Major and the chikiling hud confirmed ler state
iment with her own sssumnce that she, too, had acc it.

"Not everyone in the hold can see it, you know," Riona
auhled almost as an afterthought. Ise i aud Rory ses i, bc
isin vind Moira and Cullan can't. Lord Doughas sees it, to0, Bur
Vronotsappordiosell ouaboucidbeans0 youshoulla' ypay any
attention to what | just said" Riona giggled at ber own words.

"Have you spoken to any of them about the star?"
Sheila avked.
nodded. "Lord Douglas says it's a sign that the
ter son its way, He says that Rory and lean see
the star because we are young and that he can see it because
he's almost ready to fade « ‘Oisin and Moira and Cullan
are in the middle and don't see it because they don't think
about seeing it

‘Sheila frowned. The child had # tendency to speak in
riddles, like the rest of her ilk. But there was something...
not right about her voice, a seriousness that belied Riona's
apparent innocence

"Lord Douglas say," the child recited with borrowed.
authority, eves sull focused on her daisies, "that the star is

‘tually the sun of Endless Winter and that it will be the

aly light tn the sky when that time comes."

Shella shivered despinethediy'srelativesenrmeh. "That
sounds lke bad time for you al," she sa

Riona'siead bobbed upand down emphatically. "(the
\worit" she anawered. "The Long Winter means that no one

will know how to dream or sing or change. Everything will
freeze and all of

Rion
niles W

ill jet fare away tum to ice or stone.
winds like the Apocalypse to me," Sheila muttered.

‘Jeez, DeVino, what's «9 important about a sheet of
‘numbers? Jasper Eas-Wyrm-Guits fidgeced with his chipped
smug and shifted unzasly in the diners vinyl booth. The place
‘was almost deserted at mm. bur the lure of cheap coffe kepe
bringing folks in. The other proms, rowel lateshifers on
‘break and college stucents desperately pulling all-nighters
ignores! the twomenat the back table" thought you'd gotten
ajahintharuglystronghncof shilling eiffout the Enemy
‘not to keep some hotshot star-watcher's books for hits"

"Just try to follow my line of thought," DeVino said,
shovinga crumpled picce of paperat jasper. "Tim telling you,
‘ds joker might be onto something lie what we saw in the
‘Uniba has night"

*OK," Jasper said, trying to focus onthe page in front of
‘him, *Run that gobbledy-gook by me one more time —only
in English."

eVinosighed."A right, here's what!'m ryingtorell you.
FFor several nights running, the jerk has taken some observar
tions on the placement of stars of warious magninudes"

"Magna...! Brightness, you mean."

"More or les."

"Well, 1 can follow you so far" Jasper said. "Bu that
doesn't seem like anything earthshaking t0 me."

"Thayen'teven begun," replied DeVino.' There'snoth-
ingtofollow yer. Lookat che figuresom the paper | yave you."

Jasperpeeredatthe wrinkled page. "So They'reastring
of rumabers. Lined up by size. Big deal "

‘Thue'sright;" De Vino sid This guy hus arranged the
ars he was observing in the order of their magnitude every
night for three weeks. Look at week two."

Jnsperran his rungy thumbnail acrosothe top, halting ot
the column marked "Wk.2."*Okay, now whut!" hematered

"See the thind number from the bottom?" Jasper nodded

"That measurement sxldenty appears om the list — as
if from nowhere," DeVino whispered teverently

"And this means?"

‘The Ragabash shook his head despaitingly. "What I'
saying fs that the number | just pointed out represents an
anomaly — something that doesn't belong with the other
figures. | think our scientist is mystified by it, or else he's
round:-filed his results hecause he can't explain them."

Jasper felt something click — hard — inside his head.
"You're saying that it repeeventsa star that shouldn't be on
the list"

"Yes!"DeVino sad, hisvoice lke lap of thunder. Yes,"
be repeated, lowering his voice and looking around quickly to
see how much attention be had drawn to himself and Jasper-
When he was satisfied that no one had even noticed his
‘cutburs, he continued, "Now; look at the note he's srmled
down here by the figuresthar represent the non-existent sta"

Jaspet peered intently at the scratchy writing. "Visual
‘observations produce no confirming evidence.' What'sthat
supposed to mean?"

Rage Across the Heavens


DeVino shrugged, "think he's saying thar when he
‘uses telescope, he doesn't see anything, but that whatever
measuring device he's ing says that there's star there."

*Sonow you're saying thatthe star that shouldn't beon
this list isn't chere to begin with.

‘That's precisely whac 'm saying: Now, three guestesas
‘to what part of the sky houses this ‘anomaly'?"

"Holy shit!" Jasper breathed. "You mean ¢hat this
astronomer can see the star that Michael's been s0 hoe
about? The one that just popped into the Umbra a little
while ago? The one you can see even in the city's Pen—

"That's white chink thispiece of pipermesns," DeVino
‘nid. "Icould be wrong, but! think our scientist as got ome
talents that most of his colleagues don't ponsess."

Jasper's lip curled. "Not one of us, and he ain't a
Leech... Magician."

DeVinonodded. "Something like that. 'vebeer watch
ing him whenever I think I can get away with it- He's gor
sismos in his lly that I've never seen before and I can't tell
‘what they're supposed to do, This i the first time I've heen
able to make serise of anything I found in his garbage."

think we need totell Michael that thisstarhe's trying
to track down ix dhowing itself to same questionable falls,"
Jasper said

"The nigh ir held jus a tinge of coming winter, but the
sinall group of peuple who sical atop de hill etal Elda
House hat dressed warmly, Gemma Roberteltherhearreatch
a she carefully pointed out the sas that made up the eorutel-
lations of Leo and Lins Major m her patients. Foe che Tas sie
weeks, shell overscen these nighily excisions — approved
and authorized by the mental hospital's progressive director as
"educational therapy." Ostensibly, Gemma conductedan "Ap-
preciatin of Astronomy' chs for her more functional wards
ay part of n general progtum intended to lctease het patients?
awareness of the real woeld and promote social interaction
among individuals. Her real reason, however, had to do witha
request from her sept leader based on information gathered
from a munber of Gatou from all over the workd

"Some of us believe," her sept leader had told her "chat
when mortals —not vampires ot faeries or mages —are able
tosee the star we call Anthefios with their nakect eyes, the
Prophecy of the Phoenx wil be futhited and the last days of
the Apocalypee will be upon us"

‘Gemma, therefore, iad begun ian experiment with the
‘casesunderhercareat Hinland House. Sofar none of them saw
‘what Gernima's eyes could carefully carch: the baleful red star
that winked insolently at her from itsspoc in the northern sky.
Some Garou called the star the Eye of the Wyrm, bur Gemma
prefered its other name — Anthelies —the anti-m.

She felea minor twinge of guilt at the thought that she
war using her patients as guinea pigs. Like most members of
her tibe, Gemma believed thatthe Garou's guardianship of
Giin's earth included all the ereatures who inhabited the

world —even the humans. Neverthelesy, she had aduty to
discharge and the residents of the mental hoypital seemed to
enjoy a chance (o get away from their daily routine of
individual therapy, group counseling sessions and far too
many remedial medications

"Mrs, Boudreau, can you find the two stars that point to
the North Star?" she asked an elderly woman who stood
looking steadfastly at her feet: Claudia Boudreau suttered
‘rom profound melancholia —orcliieil depression. Gemma
thought she could see smal! but significant signs of pecyress
inthe woran'sresponsesto outside stimull, bur tonight, she
seemed more withdrawn than usual

"Lean! Lean!" Petet hopped over to Gemma nud td
‘on her parka. The enthusiasm in his voice came as much
from a genuine desire to "please" the teacher ai ecm his
chronic manic state. Ihe young man pointed out a pai of
stan, correctly identifying the two star that mule apy the
‘outer edge of the Big Dipper. Then he pointed out another
pairof completely unrelared stars "And chere they rc!" Hi
frantic eyes sought and fourid yet third pair. Gemma
sighed. Peter would continue pointing out pairs of
night until she direeted his attention to something else

Asslve made her rounds, talking 1 each of her patients
inv tim and questioning them about what they saw, Gemma
gradually became aware of a low muttering from Mr Daws,
awizened old mim with Alsheimer's. He reminded herof her
‘own granalfather, who hid died fom the disease just belore
‘Gemma underwent her First Change. She hoped thar the
innate Garou resistance to disease in general would protect
her from the living death she had witnessed as her
grandfather's personality faded to nothing.

She edyed closer to hear his words, hen wished that she
hhad choten to ignore him. He was standing, hands shoved
into hispockers, rocking back and forth on hisheels hisface
‘upturned to the northern sky. "Red, red, red, res," he
chanted over and over again.

Gemma rapped him gently om the shoulder tryin to
eepher voice from tremblingasshe spoke. "Whar'sred, Mr.
Daws?" she asked.

"The big red eye is in the sky," he said, removing one
hand from his eoat pocket and pointing toward the 9
between Una Major and Leo. "I'm ready 10 go home now
doar ec tres see fe ma' tr wants 10 lank isi nny hase *

Germ looked in the liteetion Me. Daws had indicated.
He seesit. Antheliosstillshone only dimly nthe physicalsky
"Most Garou sil did not know ofits existence. Inthe Umbra
however, the Eye of thw Wyrm radiated like a miniature red
sun, Hismans shouldn't be able to see ic at ll —not yes

"Let's go back inside," Gemma said to her change
"Tomorrow we'll look at the stars of the southern shy,"
Tomorowahe would report to her sept leader tatu lver
patients —a very old man with a tenuous grip on the real
‘world —claimed ro see. "ted eye" in the sky, She wondered
‘when "normal" fotk woul begin charting "ese ted."

Legends of the Garou: Star Light, Star Bright


|

Special Thanks

Rob "Eufiber Fashion Vietim" Hateh, for getting
spandex where he didn't want spandex

Editor: Aileen E: Miles (Chris "Ase-James Cameron -Playsation 2" McDonough
‘Ait Disectaes Aileen E. Mile for lending his vocal... mannerisms to rhe most famous
Artista John Cobis,Rebecen Guay, LeifJones,SeanMurray, Paneer Ronin ever

Sneve Prescot, Drow Tucker) Ron Spencer Stewart "Breasts in the First Paragraph" Wieck, for

knowing what makes yood readin'

Jess "Special K" Heinig, for making a very, very, very
ballsy decision.

Mike "Dunce" Tinney, for having to wear 0
twice. At last count

And three very special goodbyes

Author's Thanks and Dedication: This book is for Brian "Spartacus" Petkash. fo
Ethan Skemp, whose patience and enthusiasm kept us — better place. We love you, Spartacus!
saving; for John Swafford for our Yuletide game — Rong Matt Mighty Morphin Power Right Wing" Milberger,

would understand; for Dr. James McMillan, whose caring fortrading inbis marriage to his work forthe real thing. Best
and professional concem made it posible for one of us to of lack. Mighty Morphin One

ind the hard toad back to healthy; for Carla Hollar, for her ‘And Greg "Darth Zoltun" Fountain
towual extmordinary research assistance.

Layout

& Typesetting: Ailcen E, Miles
Front Cover Art: Ron Spencer
Cowee Designs Aileen E. Miles

ha

ik Dowolas

applying his
crazed, never-say-die wark ethie to the much nobler work of
This book is dedicated co all those who sparked out parenting

childliood fascination with the stars. Thani. Take case, fella aad gon lock

so 735 Pak NORTH BLYD.
Sure 128

Cuarxsron, CA 30021

USA

Game STupiO

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
teproduced for personal use only, White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension
and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publihing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocaleme. Wraith the Oblivion. Changeling the Dreaming. Hunter the Re Wor
Across the Heavens, Year of the Reckoning, Axis Mundi the Book of Spit
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
‘copyright cancemed.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. Alf mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intend for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a fice White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF

Feeling fruity? Check out White Wolf online wt

huep:/www white-wolf.com; altygumes.whitewolf and eec.games.ftp.storyreller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

0 Rage Across the Heavens

——— i


Legends of the 2
i R
18

60
Chapter Three: Storytelling: 82
Chapter Four: Anthelios Ragis 90
/
108

BS

i



Sern arene rine Sree mcrene ore ar nee reesimorrens ere

Wa
Wasch she sary

the sums, see how they nun

ow they ran

You kmow the stars ren down at the setting of the se
Watch the stars, see how they mun.

Pentau

I eraveled to Hong Kongin November of 1998 justo watch
themeteor shower. From my vanzage point auop a hill away from
the bright igh of the cits proper, I drank in the frightening
dor of the Leonids. After a while I stopped count
stopped thinking about the movies I'd seen about lange racks
plummeting from the skies, stopped feling anything but awe at

lesa frewemls. I nesisted the temptation to step
sideways and view the evens fiom the other se ofthe Gaunalet;
1 was, afterall inthe land ofthe Hong Kong Glass Walkers on

sufjesance. I'd given my word that I wouldn't inerfere in ther
affair, md that inchidad disnabing thelr Umbwal helance

(whatever they meant by that). 1 kept to my Humid form and
played sgheseer. [left as soo the show was over.

Back home with my pack, V tied to shave with them what
1 fele.as | watched pieces ofthe sky rocket into the atmosphere
(es hard for @ Ragabash ike me wo be serious, even a the mast
coleman ments, bt Think my packmanes caught whiff of my
awe at what I had seen

the display of

auspice. When Lena hides her face fr | yousce mone
stars than om other nights. I cum'thelp but feel a kinship with che
lessin"

the wert

"Watch the Stars

In retrospect, I negret mot taking the chance to step it the
Unbra at 2 of the Leonid shower, If 1 had sephped
ou).
messaccoune
ghehave seen "i

mention the local seen the thing th

ihe
igh

my own eye
sm.

the Leonuds seem pal
thenew Umbra
he Final Bare

hats

announces the hegmnag of

— from the journal of Sil
The battle fr Gaia's sar
(On the land, the servants

Stareatcher

r
che Wyrm blast the forests, bin,

nd plunder —the se:
are all too often marked by vomited-up tavins of unnatural
‘origin. The Garoudevote theirlivesand deaths to holding bck
inexorable advance of the Gr
o9 often seem littke more than

lakes and rivers

inemy, but even the
holding action

As preoccupied as they are with the onslaught of the
Wyrm on this side of the Gauntlet, an increasing numbe
Garou view che Umbra as almost peripheril to theit onise
They recognise the spirit world as necessity to their exist
ence,a place of wonder and myste
route to get from one plac

aswell asa convenie

Introduction: Darkening Skies B

ae ernie,


|

Yevonly afew of Gaia's warriors realize that a great war
also rages actos the Umbra, centering in the Aetherial
Realm and mirroring (or instigating) the actions in the
physical world. Even as a new stat, glowing with an eerie
blood-red light, appears dimly in the Umbral skies, the
ancientrealmsof theCelestines tremble with the shockwaves
that cadiate outward from that unwelcome and foreboding.
visitor. Has the Wyrm opened its eve prior to its lang:
dteadded awakening? Whar strange new events le inthenot-
sordistant furure for the chosen warriors of Gaia?

A Time of Omens

Asmillennjal feverstrikesthe mortal populition of the
World of Darkness, s0 too, do the Garou feel « sense of
‘urgency nnd foreboding, Instead ofesponding othe advent
‘oan artificial and arbitrary date, however, the Garou find
themselves surrounded by real evidence of the End Times.
Already, many of the signs foretold by the Prophecy of the
Phoenix have come to pass. The seas run bluck na foul from,
‘steady stream of pollution; the skies choke with noxious
tgaes and all stound, the Earth cries out in pain from the
‘weight of too many people and too lite untainted land.

‘Now « baleful sig locma in the fabeic ofthe Umbra itself
and the whole of the Tellurian hovers on the edge of uneasy
anticipation. Asyet,onlyaafew obvervant Garou—mostofthem
hhubiual Lmbral ravelers —have seen the red star and know of
itvexistence. None ofthese observers know exactly wharthe tar
portend but all age that st bodes no good for the world

‘Caincidental with the appearance of ths baleful potent,
however, another "sign" hasoccurred —thisone in the physical
world. The bith ofa uniaue Garou cub hus thrown all the tribes
into caneteration, forthe chil'sconception contradicts cre of
the most sired Inv of own. Two mets fll nave and prodice
atchild —a perfect Crinos without any discernible law.

Des this birth sipnify that Cia hat lifted the curse of
infercility from her metis children? The Children of Gaia
who know of the event believe this strut. But the Children
have often been called blind optimists. Silver Fangs and
Shadow Lords apprised of the bieth maintain thar it in
cates that the Wyrm's corrupting influence now extends
into the very core of Garou existence, undermining the
Limny itelf. Despite attempes to keep the metis birth
secret. woed hax hegun te sprrad among the Clans, enseing
panic in some and engendering in others a tentative hope

A Search For Answers

Beset by this double quandary — a metis birth and an,
‘ominous new star — the Garou seek answers in the Umbra
and in the physical work. What they find gives them little
comfort. In the Aetherial Realm, where the red star claims
ity portion of the Umbral skies, the Celestines and Srar-
spirits seem uneasy, as if hearing the first trumpet calls of
ttopending battle. Signs of unrest are everywhere as the
spiritsof the Actherial Realm rouse tobattle. tn the physical

i Rage Across the Heavens

————— i

ta LS Teams a A

world, the rumors of the metis birth rary far and wide,
polarising the Garou. Some seek co destroy the eub, while
others search for defenders to protect wht may prove the
salvation of the Garou. If metis can breed, the cubs advo-
‘cates charge, then we no longer necd fear the depletion of

‘our population. But even these supporters are wary. Too
many tales hint that the cub that should wot be is one of
bind — and its fated to carry the banner of the Wye

In their desperation to discover the true meaning ofthe
‘omens, the Garou run the risk of breaking down into even
mote factions than already exist. They cannot afford this
lxury. Ac the signeapoken of in the Prophecy ofthe Phoenix
become clearer and the lust days before the Apocalypse grow
fewer in number, the Garou must avoid the temptation to

‘wag war against one another over whose interpretations will
scarry the day. Yet Gaia's warriors find ie difficult to avoid
siving way to thelr Rage. That curse remo with them.

A Time for Action

If. you wish to succeed, consult three old people

— fortune cookie insert

The Garou fice a formidable challenge in the next few
year Fist andl focemort, Gals's wardon need to guther
snformation asquicklyaspossible.n the nature of the ed star.
‘This involves not only consulting with the elders ofall the
tribes and searching through the various versions of the
Prophecy ofthe Phoenix and othor legen, but alo includes
traveling far into the Actheral reaches, where the effect of
the star are most apparent. Is the objects in fat, tr? Oris
‘csomething much more sinister — such as the tera eye of
the Wyrm! For now, only the Garou (and certain other
‘Awakened creatures) can see the object, anu then only in the
Unnbra. But the star grows in size and magnitude daily ny
fear that it will eventually come to dominate the perpetual
twilight of the Limbral delve When that happen, what effect
will thishave on the physical work!

‘The metishom cub presents another mystery to the
Garon. What does the childs existence mean! Is the child a
‘cause ofa result ofthe trpenduy Apocalypse! Shoukl the eub
beallowed to live! Will destroying tw that itishorn chung
anything? Again, the answers lic hicklen in ancient prophecies

‘The seeds of the Apocalypse have their roots not in the
Hliysial workd, but Wr abe Umbra. The Ouro eannoc compent

themselves with doing karte solely om the material plane. The
saxon that lest the bss of most kinds of magic holds tre for
the funure of Gaia, What happens among the stars (Umbral or
ctherwise) does have repercusionson earth. Asabove,sobelow.

Theme an? Mood

‘Thisiaubookeabour the final days: Acauch,itdeabe vith
the culmination of a long chain of events that encompass
thehiscory ofthe Garou from theirdistant beginnings the
dawn ofthe world. Propheciesind omens play an important
Fart in predicting and preparing for the Apocalypes, yet the


eae LSI

correct interpretations of ambiguous an sometimes lib
rately misleading signs carry greatrisks. Uncertancy weaves
its thread through the tapestry of events.

Although the Garou do not relish admitting to fens,»
stunwing sense of dread consumes moresand mare of them as
they consider that time may run out before they can ad-
‘quately ready themselves foe the Apocalypse at hand, The
sound ofthe clock counting the daysand hours and minutes
tuncl "doomsday" reverberates inthe ears ofthe Garou with
muaddeningprecision. So much remainstabedone, and time
rows far too shor, far too quickly.

As desperation fills che heauts of die Gases de pic of
fminent battle also blazes like an unquenchable flame
within the cove oftheir being: Gaia's warion finally have a
clear-cut mandate — from the sta, $0 to speak — to take
action. ILouly remains for them odixuverteruurectthicie
undertaking. And to do that, the Garou need to find their
aniwer inthe depths ofthe earth and inthe vault ofthe stars,

How to Use this Book

Besides providingstorytellersand players with informa-
tion about the Aetherial Realm and its denizens, Rage
Across the Heavens explores the cosmology of the Garou
and the effect that the stare and planets — and thei spirits
— have on the Changing Breeds.

Also, the Yearofthe Reckoninghascome. This sourcebook,
therefore, precents ideas for chronicles that echo scroce the
‘Umbra realms and includes a mini-chroniele that revolves
stound.a seminal event of the coming Apocalypse. The events
‘utined inthis book should catalyze the Garou, alerting them
tothe fact thatitietime to bring their plans tofruition. Thetime
for prepanation is over; now is the time for action.

Each Storytellerhasher own idea about what the Apoca-
Iypse is and whut it means for the Garou, Thus, the story that
‘appeacs in. Chapter Four presents a broad outline which
‘Storytellers can customize for their own chronicles rather
than a cut-and-dried series of events forthe characters to
interact with No "default" ploc exists which happens if the
characters do nothing; the events of the Apocalypae's opens
ing salvo phty out according to the actions of the characters.

The Introduction: Darkening Skies presents general
outline of the material contained in the rest of the book, as
well asa bibliography und a lexicon of useful terms,

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines provides an
overview of the Actherial Realm, the Celestines and Sear-
spicits that inhabit it: Italo details the correspondences that
link this realm with the physical manifestations of the planets,
starvand other heavenly bodies that make up the earthly skies

‘Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars
discusses astrology from the point of view of the Garou,
‘including symbolism, pocential celestial influences andother
interesting hooks.

Chapter Three: Storytelling: Omens, Signs and Por-
tents reveals the various interpretations uf The Prophecy of
the Phoenix and other signs of the coming battle against the

Wyrm. In addition, this chapter ives several (leas for
stories involving prophecies and omens

‘Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging: A Story of the Last
Days presentsa complete framework for a story that places
Garou characters in the middle of a cosmic hale for the
preservation (or destruction) of « star-fated cub

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws supplics Storyteller

aan! players with numerous astrological Gifts,
and Flaws as well as other game-telated tools that
interest and color to Werewolf chronicles.

Finally, the Appendix: Those Who Wall Among the
‘Sars decals few personalities among the Garou, including
members of the Sept of the Stars and individuals who might
involve themselves with the events outlined in Anhelos Rage.
Lexicon

The following list of words includes terminology used
by either astronomers ot astrologers, as well as some terms
specific to this book

Anthelios (An-THEE-Iee-ose) —a new sta that n
shines in the outer reaches of the Actherial Realm; the
"anti-sun"; "the Eye of the Wyrm."

Aphetion — The point in the orbit of any body in the
solar syotem when it is farthest from the sun.

Asteroids —- Rocky objects located in the outer teaches
‘of the solar system, forming a belt of space debris that ranges
hherween the inner ard cuter planers Many elentists heliowe
thatasteroids are the reruns of planets that once existed

Astrology — The study ofthe stus asa mean of predict
Ang furure events or understanding past and present situations.

Astronomy — The scientific study of the star, planets
and other phenomena of space

Ecliptic —'The plane of the earth's orbit about the sin.
With the exception of Pluto, the ather planets abo orbit
close co that plane

Equinox — The time during which the position of the
earth andsaun result in equal durations ofday and night. This
‘occurs twice a year. nt the beginning of spring (the vernal
equinox) and the beginning of fall (the auturanal equinox)

Eshtarra (Esh-TAR-rah), the Songteller —The niame
of the planetary Incarna of Earth that represents the second
‘month of the Garou lunar zodiac

Hakahe (Huh-KAH-hey), the Ebon Whisperer —The
name of the planetary Incara associated with the hidden
planet Vulcan, the sixth month of che Garou luna zine

Horoscope — Literally, apictureor chart depicting the
sky ata particular moment

sarea Tarana (I:-ZAR-rub Ta-RAH-nuh), the Star
Singers — The Garou name fee the Pleiades star cluster.

Katanka-Sonnak (Kuh-TONG kul SAHN-NAHK),
the Wind Rider —The planetary Inearna linked tothe Sun,
associated with the fifth month of the Garou lunar soda:

Light Year —The distance thar light travels tn ome
‘Yeats equal to about 10 million million kilometer

Mert.

mn add

Introduction: Darkening Skies 1s

(amin 4


iq eneenenannaenenacaniaimanemamman

Books on astronomy and astrology abound. The
following list of tiles represent 1 small sample of the
books available for Storytellers and players to. use in
enhancing their Werewolf characters or adding a "eos-
‘mic™ touch ta their eloeicles

‘The Constellations: How They Came To Re, by Roy
Gallant provides a simple introduction to the major
constellations as well ns to the myths which gave rise to
the names ofthe various star groups.

A Walk Through the Heavens: a Guide wv Stars and
(Constellations and Their Legends, by Milton D. Heifets and
Wil Tision provides numerous orientation charts and
instructions for da.t-yoursalf etar-eatching

Astronomy, by Donald H. Menzel, presents base
though somewhat dited, information in a coffee-table
took format, complete with black and white as well as
color photos, charts and diagrams.

40 Nights to Knowmg the Sky: a Night-by-Night
Skywauching Primer, by Fred Schaaf, offers a self-guiding
tutorial for learning about the night sky.

Nighneach: an Eaquinon Guide to View'ng the Universe,
bby Terence Dickinson, provides information on locating
‘various constellarions and star clusters as wel as instuc-
tons on the use of telescopes.

Tibetan Astrokigy, by Philippe Com, describes the
ccosmas of ancient Tibet and the relationship between
Tibetaty, Chinese and Hindu concepts f astrology.

Astronimy Through The Ages, by Robert Wilton, offers
‘8 somewhat scholarly view of the history of astronomy
(Including an explicit denunciation of astrology),

Making Sense of Aserology, by Ronny Martens and
Tit Tracher, scrutinize astrology from the pain of view
of science while simultaneously offering a luc explana:
ton of some of astrology's more obscure points,

(Chinese Astrology: Plam and Simple, by Suzanne White,
provides a charty popular guide to the twelve signs of the
Chinese zone da Linda Goodman's Sun Signs.

Do Ie Yourself Astrology, by Lyn Birkbeck, and The
Caanplete Book of Astrology, by Ada Aubin and June
Firkin. prowide charts galore ae woll 9 torerpeotaricns foe
these who aspire to east horoscopes for their Garou
characters

Heavenly Knowledge, by Dr. Fiorella Terenzi, at-
tempts to bridge the gap between scientific study of
astronomy and the spiritual appreciation of the coses.

Starwaiking: Shamanic Practices for Traveling Into the
‘Night Sky, by Page Beyant, combines astronomy and

astrology with a New Age awarenieas

The Celtic Lune Zodiac by Hele
trates on the Tunae and planetary aspects of astrology
rather than the constellations. (A beautiful book!)

The Box of Stans: Practical Guide to the Night Sky and
Ta lee Myths and I agency, by Catherine Tennant, afters
unique combination ofbook and lavishly illustrated punch
‘cards t0 use ir "viewing" the sky

A History of Asrology, by Derek and Julia Parker,
provide an account of the rice of astrology and its persis
tence through centuries of disbelief

‘Ancient Hindu Astrology for the Moslem Western As-
trologer, by Jamies T. Baha, approaches the astrology of
Trad rt» racincr accesible to thse fa
dard western astrology.

The Complete Prepheciesof Noseradams,ed.by Henty
G Roberts, although one of many available translations
sand interpretations; imparts unique flavor to the prope
cies, reminiscent of the language found ia the saceed
texts of early cultures

Conversing With the Planets, by Anthony Aveni,
offers 2 culture-specitic approach to the study of as
tronomy and astrology, focusingon the tuths behind the
myths of the cosmos

Exploring Your Solar Spstem, by Elisabeth Rathbun,
part of the National Geographic Society's Books fr
World Explorers series, givesa'yousite there" guided tour
of the solar system and beyond. Geared toward children,
this book presents information clearly and vividly

The Wrong Woy Comet and Other Mysteries of Our
Solay System, by Barry Evans, presents 60 short but enter-
taining essys by the author ofthe syndicated astrenomy
column, SuarWatch,

(Other Worlds, by Terence Dickinson, consistsof two:
age spreadson the planersand moongafthe solar syscom.
Though written for children, it is packed with useful
Information

‘The Ushime Book of Space Facts, by Strunn Redd,
delivers a plethora of interesting info bites about the

The Young Orfond Hook of Armen, by Sinan and
Jacqueline Mitton, provides basic information on the
planets, stars, galaxies and other phenomena of space.

‘The Planets Guided Tosa nf Our Solar System Throng
the Eyes of America's Spare Probes, by Nigel Henkes,
provides lavishly illustrated view ofthe planets, couresy
of NASA's eyes in the skies

Additional titles on astrology, astronomy and my
thology can be ful én any ibsary or bouksture

latenon, concen:

16

Rage Across the Heavens

an neiony <-«


ee AA

Lu-Bat (LOO BAHT), the Peaceful Counselor
The planetary Incama of Satum, associated with the tenth
month of the Gurou lunae zodine.

Magnitude — A term used to describe the relative
brightness of objects in the sky, The greater the magnitude,
the lower the "number"; thus, stars with a magnitude of | or
‘twoare much brighter than those with a magnitude of 8 or
9. The human cye ean sce stars with a magnitude of up 10 7.
Anything greater ean only be seen with a telescope.

Matagar (Mat-tah-GARR), the Lord of Beginnings
— Another name for Sirius, the Dog Star,

Meros (MARE-OSE), the Wandering Mystic — The
planetary Incama linked to Pluto and to the eighth month
of the Garou funar zodiac.

Meteor/meteor shower — A cluster of small particles
‘riveting through space. When the earth passes through a
meteor field, the planet's atmosphere causes them to burst
{nto flame, leaving fery tall across the sky. Some meteot
fields, ike the Leonid, provide spectacular shows of light
and fire om a regular basis (every 33 years or s0).

Mitanu (Mit-TAH-noo), the Clever Rogue — The
planetary Incama of Mercury and the ruler of the thind
‘month of the Gurou lunar zodia

‘Nerigal (Nare-i-GAUL), the lee Warrior — The
rime given t0 the planetary Incama of Mars, asxociated
with the first month of the Garoa lunar zodine

Orrery—A reproduction of the solar system (usually)
as an aid for study or meditation, Some orrertes are smal
while others are large enough to walk around inside, The
Sept of the Stars has constructed spirit orrery in the
Actherial Realm and uses it asa cacmn.

Perihelion — The nearest point co the wun inthe orbit
of acelestial body.

Retrograde — The apparent backward motion of a
planet or other orbiting bedy; retrograde motion is a func
tion of perception. A planet in retrograde only appears to
move backwands in its orbit

Rorg, the Many-Taloned Hunter — The planctary
Incarna associated with the asteroid belt and the unofficial

Shantat (SHAN-tar), the Loom Maker — The plan-
etary Incamaof Neptune, associated with the twelfth month

of the Garou funar zodiac

Sidereal Year —One ull revolution of the Earth around
the sur, bused on the postions of the star. Ths isthe year
tue by astrologers forthe purpose of castinyg horescapes

Sokhta (Soak-TAH), the Lambent Lady — The
‘naune ofthe planetary locaena associated inthe Garou lunar
zadine with the Moo

Solar Year —One complete orbit of the Earth around
the jun as measured by the relationship of the Earth's axial
‘ale thus measuring the retarive position of rhe arch with
regard to che sun. The Western calendar uses the solar year
instead of the sidereal year

Solstice —The time of year during which the earth ix
either at its nearest or furthest porn from the sun. The
summer solstice marks the nearest appeaach ofthe earth to
the sun and signifies the beginning of wurumers the winter
solstice occurs when the earth is furthest from the sar and
heralds the onset of winter

Songan (SONG-gun), ‘The Noble Brother — The
name given by the Garou to the comet Chiron.

Tambiyah (Tam-BYE-yub), the Veiled Mother
The planetary Incarna of Venus, patron of the seventh
month of the Garou lunar zodiac

Vegarda (Veh-GAR-dluh), the Lady of the North —
Another name for Polaris, the North Stat

Yakecen (YACK-uh-SEN), The Fallen Singer
‘Thenamegiven toa blackhole in the faredgesof the palaxy

Yaraan-Doo (Yah-ray-yun-DOO), The Dying One
—Thename attehuted by the Garou tothe Southem Crate

Zarok (ZAH-ROCK), the Crowned Ruler — The
planetary Incams associated with Jupiter and the ninth
month of the Garcu lunar zodine

Zewichh — Tha point
vertically above an observer.

Zodiac — A belt of stars that roughly parallels the
elliptic ofthe earth and is thus visible in both northern and

ne sky iinmedtately snd

southem hemispheres. This sky field conttins all twelve
"thirteenth? sign of the Garou lunar zodiac. "Signe" used in many astrological calculations
Ruatma (Roo-AHT-mah), the Shadowed One
The planetary Incarna who presiles over Uranus and the
eleventh month o¢ the Orot tuna modi.
Introduction: Darkening Skies 7

aay «4



Philosophy ix written in
‘cannot be understood wnless 0

Language and interpret che characters in which ts wmitten,
0 Galilei, It Saggiazore

So.at last you nurn to us, Why do you seek this knowl:
edge now, clamoring for our attention like petulant chil-
dren, demanding answers? The ted star grows, you say! Dad
‘we not warn yeu! long ogo? But you were too busy. Too busy
lusting for the heat of battle, oo busy impressing your sept
with your honor and your glory. Finally, you learn wisdom
We must h too late

itdoes not cor

Sul, we must ty, regardless of the outcome. If you
would walk the paths of prophecy and lea your partin the
gathering tempest, follow me now. Lam Antares Bitter
‘Truth an«t I am assigned the task of taking you to the most
respected gutde among us, for you will need her skis tou
the heavensand read the signs you find there
before you set out on that journey, you will
listen; this time knowledge uall precede action, for if you
don't know where you're going or w
waste yourself fighting shadows

So be seated and T will begi
rotestsabout your accomplish.
ou are cus and Lam your teacher: |
what battles you've won, what foes yo
begin now as if you know nothing, for that way I can be
certain Ido not send you out unprepared. Ifyou have heard
or experienced this belore, | apologize for the repetition. If

1 you seek, you will

your education, No
please, Here
n't matter to-me
ve defeated. We

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 19

_

which stands continually open to

thes grand book —

staze. but
mprehend the

st learns 10

you have t

led the Umbral realms before, you already
know why | reiterate certain lessons, So let us begin

Umbral Travel 101

You would not be here with me now if
ys. This:

realms sone of Gaia's greatest and most
Let me go over the most cor
Velvet Shadow so tharweall can

u had not
ity toenterthespine

already leamedto stepside

‘conceming the
akin the same language

nof the Ni

the Realm-Syst
eae. fall

Gaia liesat the center

LUnabns: The satire Naar

though other Celestines also work their wills in portions of ic

The Umbra isadark and mysteriousplace where lay
not necessarily prevail. The Umbral yun —Helion to
ss, Katank
ottheUn
whend

ne of
Sonnak to othe

Agentsof the Wyrm do their work dh
light of Lunadoesnot shine. C
through the Umbra ar night under the radiance of the moon.

The moon's phase corresponds to its phase

Most of you have traveled be
the Penurnbs.
from

before, a least as far

me of you have trod upon moon
one caem to ans

ides
rough Umbral space

—_ arena,

[2
|

Banes or request a spirit's teaching. We all agree that you
know the most basic forms of Umbral travel. Nonetheless,
for the sake of the cubs among us, I'l) briefly outline the
Various ways to get around in the Umbra —and how they
will belp us reuch the realms of the lords of the planets,

Moon Bridges
Probuhly the most familiar, safes and eacee: paths we
know, moon bridges pas through the Umbra but actslly
‘connect one point on Earth (0 another, Almost every moon
‘beidge requires that a Pathstone be used to form it, a5 well as
Iermigion frm the surts who protace the connecting tits,
‘Lunes and the totem spirits associated with both destinations
guard the moon bridge. Moon bridges last only a short time,
flashing like lightning through the Aetherial Realm. Those
created through the Gifted Bridge Walkerrequireno Puthstones,
norare they guarded by anything other than the Galliard's own.
powers Moon bidgesare mihi semi-tansgarentrainbows,
arching up and over from one
long established along well-tn
solid. Traveling on a moon bridge is [1
the air like eidendown while stetching yoilt leg
‘contact with the substance ofthe bridge. Some afi .
wed tot, while others ween 10 take it in we
fir unt. You can theoretically "hitch" ot me
from here in the Actherial Realm, ax'
are panes through the clouds — byt
‘each sme from the yeaa
useful for Umibeal. destinations

Moon Paths |

‘Those pathway appear if Oe Bist ght wien Lane
shines. They appear similar to moan bridges, but sn more
brighelyand ten tolookmoresubstannial. Where moan bridges
havea decided arto them, moon parhsoften efit wr ascend
steeply, plurge abruptly and ever oss hoop stil wo clover=
leaf highways where they intersect. Despite the steepness, it
always feels us though you are traveling an level ground. Moon
paths cruisers each other, connecting mest locales within the
Umibes. We use them for most of our travel within the Umbra,
although they alter depending on the phases of Sokhra. Dering
the ull moon, they are the safest way though the Uinbra, being
guarded by Lunes along their length. The gibbous inoon brings
svith Moon Baile that are pilly smote tbe
Even so, special howls taught to Garea by Sokhta may open,
saich paths completely, allowing passage. During the half moon,
the pathy are dificult 1 read. Spirits may claim a portion ofthe
path and force those who would trivel along "theie" way to
"negotiate for passage. At the crescent moon, the moon paths
fade into almewt total obscurity, requiring great perception and
an underswanding of cnigmas w discetn correct routes Banesare
known to ambish tees during
<duringthis mystical time, the moon puthsare sid roreach mare
deeply into the Umber than at any ocher tine

20 Rage Across the Heavens

LPL PST TER ry,

Finally, during the new moon, the paths are all but

invisible. Those who would traverse moon path duty this
phase of the moon must solve mysteries within themselves
toopentheireyestothe innersightrequired. Werm minions
freely roam during the new moon and the puths themselves
ace rumored tw entangle one another and reshuffle them
selves into different routes. Remernber this

The Weaver's Web

Thisis not one of my personal favorite, bu itis possible
for Garou to climb through the Weaver's Webs, which
fotsreonnect with almest everything inthe Umbra. Ax they
are incredibly complex, reading the webs takes either a Glass
‘Walker trick or the aid of » Weaver-spirit. Summoning and
communicating with a Weaver-spirit isa challenge in itself,
The good news i that duc to the stntic nature ofthe Weaver,
the Webs don't ulter; once a pathway has been found, st
‘eimins the sameuhéiksomething rends it. From a distance,
sn skein of pale yarn. Coming:
porters, though some~
derresponsible for cresting the
tie there are so many cffshoots and
ut through the webs takes patience,
ssorthlpopicr webs, these mc alosomemht stich wad
dito entangle hands, fet. or anything sticking ex such as
Gatyes klaives br backpacks. Struggling to free oneself from
(Being stick fers to attract the anention of those who
~Necriseoetad the webs Climbing bout io whut many consider
‘enemy téfritery isn't Hhébest way to emain safe, in any case.
foil ean meet ever rything fun Weaver Incurna to Weaver
"Spiders who try to caleify you te Wyrm-taine on the Webs

Airts

Aires, o¢ spirit tacks, are created by spirits using their
‘innate Airt sense, Though they are not guaaded by Lanes; most
such pathways serve as common routes for the spines who
‘ereared them. Such spitits may prove friendly or hostile. With
‘out m spirit guide, Airs are impossible to find. This is because
wwithour asistance from those who can sense ther, Airs are
{invisible tous, Further they twistabour, moving in strange ways
that many Garou find imposible to follow, Once aspiit agrees

toactasa guide, tisjustpoasbletofeeltheexistence ofthe Aitt
Rather than a funetion of sight, you as an odd taste or smell
‘sherion the rack though some Onto have tld ne they hear
chitning bis of suse with cach step they tke
Spirit Gates

Spirit yaces occur naturally between linked sites Al
emains contain spice anes that lead hick other empower
ing reals Though they provide almestistantanesxs travel
most pict pitesare not intendetobe sed by Garand many
anne be utilized while within a physical bly. Garou using
theGiftof Astral Mindden'thavethatproblem Spanitgatesare
almost always guarded ane the spt ay prove beneficent or
unfriendly. Anchorheads area typeof spirit gate that open


eee AZ

between the Near and DeepUrbeas. Youcan recognise a spirit
saite by its glow and its sound. Areas that det as spirit gates
always have a slight phosphorescent light around them and
sive off an almost inaudible visceral hum. When activated, the
spe's tone rises several octave and quavers.

Solar Winds

Akioigh sclenties refer to the streams of leet
netic particles that streak outward fons the sun as the s

‘wind, inthe physical realm it's not possible to utilize |

ravel. That isn't true here in the Un In the
Realmwecancid the wind lowinghcirscera ol

tw each of the ochee domains. Ti slain er
Katanka-Sonnak's domain, wa van

sdomnains of all the orher Celestin s
si ed Li thr

A Word about Spirit Minions

Inseverl ofthe descriptions below, puandin gprs ot
‘eaknguardiansand encinebsarementione Thoxghtheit,
statistics are not given in the text here, most are generic Bu
Sear-apirits. These beings are detailed in the Appendic

Should they prove too stong oe not strony enh for
‘Mdivadual Storytellers needs, feel free two change them.

need itraversethismighty teal, you'ddawell ocurbyour
ace and come with me to meet Bright Vision, your

She won't be tnking you to the red sea, bur she ean

those whom we believe influence ou lives

wae name we fight the Apocalypse.

you're ready, we'l travel into the Aetherial

For the fint portion of the journey, you only
se up above the clouds. f'm taking yins to. our
gist Vision will take you the rest of the way
need not remind you that Bright Vision
najan elder even to respected guests ach
¢for more and with greater clarity than
treat he: wihhthe respect due het. And if
tall, oo" blindness; asyou

ke my word for it that all yoo
el tun along theie
less you deliberately
Pils Breatavthe clouds, Most of the
the'physcal work! have no power
explain more
Vit.as we climb through the clouds! Sort of
and cool It' ‘salittle disconcerting to be able to pass
ron the way up, bursting through them as
enka; piiteal faved reve Bo then standing atop them and
seathoveredicek The ahah s £¥oiu. I've never felt anything else quite
Membre and hola Pancha srength atthe same tine

foiling thes ha
le in the Umbra — not

Fornow, keepel

spa i

detailed knowledge of Ub ‘tops. Don'

the Aethertal Realm.

Hiveyoucversanted toleapforthe moon'
‘could loatup into the heavensand touch it!
in the physical realm. But here in the

storms pass through, it
With electricity. Toke a taste
Mi was younger I expected
low' 1 foolish expectation, 1

a . he closest fean come tothe taste of this realm is
ctepep bebe pai wate. ont thot melt wey alin
tmibeshave different names fo ‘before yo alts ‘your tongue. Feel free to nin along

he Eye of the Wm, See h ihe" 5 fo get accustomed to moving here.
evens vatcht Whether oe 8 oueegechnically weights, you can move
‘evenaswe watch? Whether its growingor getting closer you're ly

tony. Wedor'veven know for certain that sac lla ep sica on whee oulredoing,
Icoathd be aeetsce though i swould have bo be of ex it tower rising above the clouds ahead!
sce. Iemight hvenophysical realtyintheearhly ean atall- The gleam of ts metal exterior against the dark background
Moralskywatchershavenotieedacthinginthatareactsyace, ofthe Actherial vault, that's Sokhta'sradunce reflected by
Sonvid' stonurbeucciecce Toker rtren  theapirinemery ofthe Sept of the Stra: Yeutewn ere the
iets Ealeonercloo tind sltewior iow tee soca gc te soon Wak like

Go ahead, if you're so eager Jurmpforit. You may even shes light in the distance If we were close enous, we
snake it. Burif you want lear the tricks and pathlore you MBH be able to identify those using them,

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 21

LA TT STE, —_aaarenay,


Laws of the Realm

There are a few notable niles particular w the
Aetherial Real that Storytellers will probably want to
wuilize. Briefly summarized, the constant rules,

* Many tasks involving the stars or heavens are
‘much easier to accomplish within the realm. These
taoke Stat-ypeits it orflame elementals,
Lunes, and the like; astrology vests; Gifts that involve
atmospheric cr celestial objects; rolls involving moon
bridges — have thetr difficulties reduced by two.

+ The teat 15a place of the Umbra, not of the
physical world. Visitors can still breathe, don't suffer
explosive decompression orany of the other side effects
that real outer space would inflict, save weightlessness
Indeed, although Garou can fall ftom the Reaches and,
into the clouds, falling within the Actherial Realm is
never damaging.

* Duetothe proximity of Phocbe/Sokhta all Garou
sin Rage point upon entering the Aetherial Realm.

{sce we are expected. You should fee! honored. Do you
see that Garou with the black eoar apeinkled with batale

scars like stars? That is Altair, our sept leader. ll leave you
An his care. May you find what you seek!

The Sept of the Stars

Welcome to the Sept of the Stars: I am Altair. For
efuties, we Stamens have maintained a spitit-orery here
atop the Umbral clouds. Here we try to solve the purses
presented by the heavens. We have spent much of our time
‘exploring this realm and concluding allunces with various
spirits whomake thei hornes ere. Come in, Usually, we reqire
Visitors toshow ws they understand themselves and creation by
answering riddles Those who cannot do xo must undertake an
Umbra quest in search of knowledge we do not already possess.
‘There isno need fr ws to require such from yous you've proven
Younelves already. When you travel to the domains of the
Celestnes, you may discover things we don'tknow, especially
if you can find information about the Red Star, what is
‘approach means and how we can combat t Iris forthisreason
we have nuteed to provide a euide to teach vou what we know
‘ofthis realm, in the hope that we ear mitigate what we foresee.

Please stay together and touch nothing —noc even the
walls Ench isa gateway toa different area within the orrery:
Those who donot know the way ean lose themselves in-some
rerote section, perhaps even starve while trying to find the
\wayout, Lsee thar you ate alteady somewhat disoriented due
to the siracture's eccentricities. Pethaps it may help if you
think offeasa teweract. Ceilingsate no necessarily overhad
and the hall may become the wall when you pas through an
opening to another spice. Wait while I open the way, then
follow me into the Celestial Chamber. {ask that you remain
silent until we have left that room — it werveesa meditation

2 Rage Across the Heavens

ia -;

chamber. Perhaps when you retum, you will have more time
twee the orrery and meer with the rest of the sept.

As you-can see, the positions of the stam in the Actherial
Realm are pictured here. That flash of light near the comes is
a Starspicit comumuning with our ranking Theurge, Sirius
Daistac.And there is your guide, Beight Vision. Once she was
known as Andromeda Moon-Sister, When she lost her sight
Lage Wyra mtai wu al ig wade
herself unfit and aak to be led to.a final battle where she might
‘ve het life fighting the minions ofthe great enemy. Instead,
Gaia gted herwith a newsort of ight —that ofa prophet sent
toload us onidreveal the Wyrm'oployseathe Apocalypse nishes
toward us, She ulso discovered that her naturally aeute senses
‘cornbined with the mental disciplines of her Kailindo provide
hher with a substitute for her lost eyesight.
outside. We will withdraw as well. I do not wish to keep her
waiting and I have other tasks that require my attent
Step through here and you will be oupide again. May
‘Sokhta smile upon your journey!

Bright Vision

Ali mowesuicly! orlenean hichoue ht bef
we undermke our journey, 1 wanted you to ve that the
cloodlands of the Actherial Realm teem with life other than
‘ourown. Here above the clouds, the spirits of al fing beasts
smuay be found. Many, sich a6 the Birkepirite occupy series
that ise in spirals and ledges farther and farther up, weappirys
themselves around bits of cloud or wround nothing at all. Aire
spitits throng through che cloudtops, dancing and playing
with anyone who will fly with chem All the totems con.
cerned with the air keep domains, summer homes if you wal,
among the clouds. These include Pegasus, whose realm re:
sembles cloud fields and rain lakes; Griffin, who prefers his
treuntan ie Oud. whearraleranaccfa oalter
and white fields; Faleon, who perches atop the highest cloud-
wreathed cliffsand Wendigo, whose chill home within the icy
farther reaches is thankfully far from here. If we had the time,
‘we could visit theirdomains Pethaps wemayhave time upon
our retum. Our own seekers already question the totems,
however, hoping to find answers. Though the totems may
know something, we still might accon h more by attract-
realmaand asking for their wisdom. They are closer to the Red
Star; they see more of its light, Though they ure ull separnte
entities, with many governing their domains under totally
different laws, all work togetheras a parc of the whole

Do you feel it? The pulsing of the stars and planets, all
blending together into one slow rhythm like a heartbeat? [f
you allow yourself to fee! it, thar rhythm throbs through you
‘own singular pace to that ofthe stats. Shh! Now listen. Can
you hear that faint sound? Like tiny bells, each chiming in
‘its turn as if speaking its piece, then listening tw the others
— 2 commie dialogue. Each spirit adde its own unique


we eAZ

perspective to the whole, It is their voices you hdr. And
tundemeath it all, the slower, more resonant noteyembody
the commangds and judgments of the Celestines,
Youscemlittleyurprised. How can we hear:
vvastdistances! Because we listen with ourspitit.
right, We aren't actually breathing, at least not in
‘way we breathe inthe physical realm "
without aie? Let me ash you this, hen — whut dy
Allof us, naturally, but what else? The intense
thisrealm of the air? The biting crispness, al
that proclaims the stars' and spits! mover
op cas scrac these thing when you
bother asking how you can sie
‘years away from you! ute
how we will cavel wo distanc planets. You:
srsiwess ou nical only listen to youtsel

you physically mrher than using a Gift to visit the fa
astrally, Weill travel by the routes | know best, but we my
liverge from that path whenever we need to, pecially if you
thunk may help us discover more about Anthelios.

The anti-ain. I can sense his presence as well; wou cx
100, yes? He brings with him a breath of foul ai,» song fil
with disharmony and an erratic moverneat that grates gai
the ordered dance of the realms deni
sight, used to feel overwhelmed by the
oll the spirit series atop the cloud mourn
spits who crowd the realm. Now, feel m
Within the Aetherial vault and count i
among my friends. Now there's a new
an ershing presence I have ng
— you must feam more,
you will ned to know, [am
the frsctimesince [lost my:

treasure, my other-sight, 50 that cote
that duty: Let us begin, for it may

the Wyn as we walk these god dom

The Doruins
of the Incarnae

1 reac, hand stretching upauard,
questing, earning. Lifting into
the bright luminescence of then egard, I eral
the blackness of for distances
sock the sears, the planers,
that spangled, ghitering compary
whose dance 1 long to jon.
—CanopusSkydancer, Galliardof the Septof the Stars

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

a

(json

As you may have already guessed, we'll he traveling
the star roads, moon paths that stretch as far outward av
the Membrane separating us from the Deep Umbr
Theoretically, it's possible to take any path and events
ally reach the various celestial domains, but the way is
shorter and the route less dangerous when you have a
guide who knows the way. Be advised chat time fl
tunupually here. Although our speed ls much gre
any rocket trying to reach the physical planets, wme of
stake weeks, even months to complete
Blthough hope not. I dread the
ot abt that we maPBgbBinish our quest before we fnid
=| shasarrivedundinade 1 obsolete. Inanycase,

‘we must take thischangeinthe hope that we will be given
the time we needs Teaall we have

pees you kaow, the goon paths (anid by extension
sta lid) are noc alwaysrelable fr traveling. We wil
to take gréfifehances, even traveling during the moon's
waning if weare to make it toall the domainsof the Incarnae
— especially since we don't know how long we have to
accomplish our task. We will not need w eat or drink
anythingon our ourney, noe will we need tobreatheorsloep
as longas weare in the main portion of the Actherial Realm.
You nae have altealy noticed that for all sntemts and
/purposes you are weightless here. You ust concentrate to
‘emainon the clouds or paths and not drift up off them and
float aimlessly away.

Whenever we must stp off the path, however, we
become subject to the laws that govern the domain we
tary én. For that reason, we must be very cateful that ns
we rive! we keep grack of Sokhta's phases. During moon:
| ialarkjeyen I canmpt find the way, and we must be sure that
the domain wo'thoose to shelter in before continuing is
crater ma voce wih the

y laws may also govern the

<5 visit. You will have to
Adapt as best you'ean to each

Keeping to the Path

Storytellers who wah co simulans some ofthe travel
"Witaeh the Artherial Realas may empire players
expend their characters' Willpower in order to stay
the appointed path. This isto allow the characters
follow a basic roure along a moon path Diffcultice
beyond remaining on the path should be dealt swith
separately, Each time the characters set out oa a miew
path or enter or leave an Inca' realtn, they should
expend ane paint of Willpower to journey onward. This
simulates the concentration i aes follow wt route
and to consciously keep from drifting off due to weight=
Tesncss. Of course, you should work several opportuni
ties to regain Willpower into the story so you don
arbitrarily strand your pack without the will continue

23


Incarna of Luna

Weill begin our journey with she who acts as
my tribe's patton, Sokhea, wham many call Phoebe
She isan Incama of Luna —a part, but not the whole
«tial Reali first note two things
brilliant but distant and Sokhtx's
vibeant rays. Though [cannot see it, Ieense her light filling
half the Umbral sky. She is always present in the Aetherial
shyand because she les nearest, she appeats m0
the moon does from earth. Like the other Incamae, hx
free to appearas her tne self, und that self may have many forms.
Tothe Stangaters she isthe Lambent Lady, Frm her silvery light
we construct moon bridges and moon paths 1
tunate to begin our journey du
phe. Sokhta or Phoebe:
form or asa sphere made of Moonsilver. She ts suid ta be Lana's
daughter, « being of less power than the Celestine herself. [
‘think ofthe inearnae ws being separate beings from the
Celestines though. I believe, asdo many of my triberates, that
the Incamae are literally that: avatars, diferent facets or incar
notions of the Celestines in forms our minds can grasp. By
ch aspects, they ala place some limits upon their
Powers so that we muy interact with them without buming
‘ounelves out or becoming insane. Whether this is true ot
riot, Lalways act as though itis. That way, I give these
potent being the respect and adoration they deserve. |
have never found that wn Incama objects to being called
hy the Cetestine's mame either. If they ate different beings
I believe that the incurnae exist to erve asthe Celestine
physical forms and spokespersons und such an identifica
with the ruler is warranted inyway.
each of these entities und their domains, vou should find
iteasier to trayes therial Realm, ft also pays to
remember that the Celestines are not limited to the
outall the Umbral reaches, would be foolish
t0 provoke the spirits under dheir care believing she
riot meet justice elsewhere in the sprit domains
For now, let us be thankful for Sokh
time, her roads are clearest and least dangerous. And
while she herself seems ready to!
provide us with either knowledge or some weapon we may
During other ph
aspects of herself to1us During the new moon, she isthe ery
riddle, who can also playiul, Arche crescent moon she often
ants pwophecies or awards those who win theough 1 hee
teal with Gifts. While the half moon reignssupreme, she
isa wise counsel, listening to visitor travails undo

judgment orh reach an understanding of wha


eZ

During duit time, she tells aries of times befone nal ipies
‘our Calliands to compose glorious songs or teaches them the
Ihowls cut will open the Moon Bridgss as they become more
cobicure: Though she is eountel among the signs moet benef
cenit toour Theuryes (due to her great knowlalge and wisona
and the mysteries she engender), and though she isthe special
patroncof the Sarees, Sokhra song of the best-known ofthe
Jncaae die ther influence overull Garou: She weleoret all
the changin children to her courcand turns ivy no one who
trulyneedsherandiswilling to undertake questson her behalf.
By the time we reach her, however, she will be in
another phase, We Sid do well to remember that the
paths constantly changéaiye move throughout the realm.

Finally, we't@lhere! Ir nevireetiyes co amaze me that we
become rc even tggh we carrymaweight and laborander
none of the usual pyle lars tha
must be close! [feel theoverpyet
it grows and | hear de passaje of Sok
streak toward us: Does the Whole my se
bright your eyes cannot take ed Di
rwhing toward us? Those até urieh,
approach to Sokhta, If no Stangaaer a
[Lunes would ask you to um
Joves us all equally, yer does At rae hiences freely
Sokhiay however has her favoritesainong tribes as doll ee
Planetary Incame, Each of yoann wil be welcome
The Lanes are tiithtul wanders, ‘be hry hostile; ar
mont, they would try to divert you bhto aamioon bridge bck

othe earthly realm. Since Iasi

Wweith You, wetbould have no
tiouble reaching Phocbe's chosen physic

inaniftitton,

that glowing orb of oon a er

fortunate, she may speak withjasanid 6 sai ifwe
"of our need. Be prey

ES peseery

can make a convincing cate af
though. Nor al gifts ar

First, as I'm certs oir can alren
prickling caress of bathing in her ligh
name more comfgftable to you? — ui replenished our
‘Gnosis. Merely int? in such close proximity places us ina
more spiritual ftme cf mind and satiate our exis with
Gnosis. Secondly, all Pathstonesgwhieh must he used to
‘open' Moon Bridges, come from hae, She decides whether to
granta petitioner a Pathstone of Hot

This sphere which we stagll upon is composed entirely
‘of Mocnsilver. Although it ally inflicts terrible damage
‘on Garou and our fellow Changing Children, here in the
Actherial Realm ie does not burn ws. Should Sokdta allow
you to rake some, it can be formest into weapons of great
power and spiritual resonance. Bur if you aceepe the
Moonailver, you mst stezfice a litle of yaurown spinitstuft
sothar Solkhen'sgeneronity does not deplete her own supply
Fairisfair, Whether in return foraPathstoncor Moonsilver,

she requires quest from those who wish ro receive her gifts;
understand she is fond of sending supplicants 1 recover
lost Moonsllver or Pathstones rather than granting 1iew

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

L Aa

Gokhta as Totem

Background Cost: 7

‘The Incarna of Luna that reigns in the Acthe
Realm is sometimes known ay Phoebe, sometimes as
Sokhta. Both names please her equally, although the
Stunzizers are meticulous about referring to her ax
Sokhta She will sometimes ugree to watch over a pack
asa Totem of Respect.

‘Traits: Phoebe's children receive Eniganas 3 an Pr:
sul-LUrge 2: what's more, the Ine wil allow any pack
‘member ro use the Ragabash Giff Open: Moon Bridge

Ban: Children of Phiébe/Sokhta are pledged to,
defend moon bridgcaaliid' moon paths fromthe preda-
tions of the Wyss 2

Od they fell. Your queit

g her of your need

a ee eyes had not yet been fost
grm's potions. Pethaps i you concentrate oa my
"description, she will pest to you as well. This is as L
remembet het -
‘Solhuta tsa lady all ond siendes, with softly curling silver
‘hair flowing tolher feet, and a pallid, rounded face with palest
silveryblieeyesdeepsct yhder feathery brows, Her yuze seems
twspeak ofboth open ingcence und the most deeply guarded
rmysteriqgg let aimefir is luminous white with folds of sofe
dove grays st shadow, Itdrupesabour her like clouds
Her cloak of gray flows outward from
fons! in her hand she holds wstiver goblet

‘urainescerne
Frames agansethenighitsky, litby her own radiance, she
ay Wang verbo that és rounded
and si Acher feet poo! of moonlight reflects
her ku ethin flows cotwaitdialong dozens of rivulet,
cach of which spreads across the ky becominye moon paths

and starroads. A sipbetgguarded smile plays about het lips, yor
byherside rests lateand spear: Whispersand

thesound of myriad chiftingbellsecho through the chamber.
‘A smell like the freshest ocexybrecze after 4 violent storm
wafts from her, bringing hope tits wake.

"ThiciempemmmhemnencShee thay worl beajoyful

‘The Moon Garden of Sokhta

lithe physical world the moon isa barren orb, bur inthe
Actherial Realm, Mocnsilver serves frtfil oil, Sokta'
ganden creates.a haven of ie and growth where we may rest
before continuing out journey, Though {can nolonge se it,
{remember its pale beauty. Surrounding » mirror bright pou,
hight blooming flowers anal siverwbite eyes fo

\otricate mune. Pastelcomon, mocnflowers white echinacea,
satin lowers and evening primrose combine with plants chat
have no earthly counterparts, They shimmer softy, glowing
sand (inkling ike miniacure stare in Soda ants light

25


Dangers of the Realm

Even though the Incarnae control their domains,
ture of the Aethetial Realm creates pockets of
‘otherness that correspond to celestial pheniomena i.
the physical realm. Some of these can present dangers
to tnivelers. In each section a sidebar details a few of
Aheve 90 that Storytellers can teoeporace them fnta
Actherial advenrures if they so desire.

* Dark Roads

When thignew moon phase dominates, moon
paths become lesgigble and harder to read. During that
titme, kis possible fOrrravelers to stumble onta Dark
Roads ifilthe mistaken Bélief they have found 2 fune-
tional moapath, Dark Rake seem to lead in direc
tions the tritdletyyishes ts gopbur scon diverge and
center dangerougteteitiries | ‘Baines or worse.
Once it becomes cleéty the traveler that the path is
not right, the path disappears behind het. She must,
remain on the forwand pathior lost herself within the
Acthertal vault with nojguammtce thagahe will find hee
way back to any domain she tectigitiees Burtheryonce
con the path, whatever ewisted danigeninwaity the trae
ler in alerted to her presence: ind may seek hier out,
Nobody issute why Dark Roads form—theytnay be the |
influenceof the Wyrm moving tn the shadawsbeeweert

the: sor they be vests for the: a.

"Their weet, heady scents perfame the nit. Sokhta's
rests in the center of the garden allie this Moro
pool whete pallid swans def the translucent
woterlilies. The whole eae the call°of night
birds It t» said thor the rrailedhnough thegimletiare come
structed from linked Pathetones When the Lambert Lady
allows a worthy recipiesitartake » PutRitone, he dips hee
thang into the poo! a eeates anther tata Ts place,
Inher more met! phases, Live théard that che
nth becomé@artesting grounder Garou who seek hee
ny with hidden obstacles and apie' foes to text theit
resolve. Thosehio win through tothiegenter attain Phoebe's
special favgte This may be in thefatmofa Parhstone or some
otvannagi aranrad sheen tha Basse thay antor bale
For now, I leave you td geet with Sokhta snd make
known your requests [shall walk while in the garden and
partake of its sounds and/aromas, When you are ready 1
‘continue your journey, call for me and L will come.

Katanka-Sonnak

Incarna of Helios

From hetewe travel onward toward the farther reaches
of the realm. We journey now to the reali of Hyperion,
whom the Wendigo call Karanka-Sonnak; an Incama of

26

Rage Across the Heavens

———— es

Helios: Though not the closest to us, we acknowledge the
‘Wind Rider's power to illuminate the darkness. Humans
‘consider the sun our most important celestial body. They
have even adopted some of our words to expeess the loss of
thesun duringan eclipse. Not understanding the fll import
of the terms they use, they nonetheless call the area of the
‘earth in which the sun é in cot eclipee the umbra (or
shadow), while thone at mote of an angle are known ax the
‘penumbra (or outer shadow), My belief is that they learned
‘of the terms from the Corax, who claim a special relation:
ship with Helios — and do tend to gossip,

It fe many days! tmvel to reach Katanka Sonnak's
doinain and we will have to stop aloggithe way — probably

several times — in minor domaing(@F Aetherial spirita/We
may well need to allow thesingen paths to reaaren
themselves during the dake moon. We wal
jas we can so long exist at alliherweyer.
,_Eventhisfi ywecomenemer,
> Lwilleve h.theonly thing
>that cant ce Sokhta, Katanka-

‘One of his forms,

"thegne ¢Aatherial sun, which appears
ig its tug white ¢ Actherial Realm. He may
as Wem oe eeiamond-brighe crocodile

ge: eee
‘Teespairofpellingthesime here in Hyperion's presence,

‘where thre ts no ference betwee nijht anu day. Every
thing —even shadow —isloit in his lowing white radiance.

Save you atly conception of how long we've been traveling!
| Truppore ifanly matters that we move quickly enough tohave
-# chance'gf defeating thethveat of the Red Star

Daiji feel thi
_ hveleft Salhi, mn
‘Katanka-Sonnak's dortain.
"amust I face im, Prepare:
jot incli eat most Carne he blames us for
we. Lhaveheard

theharm done to fusehildeen in f
from others that he alipbelieves we Garauhaye helped bring
of the coming Apocalypse: Among the Garou, only che
Children of Gain and Wali hol histovor.
‘Are-we close enough yer that hs light has denned all
others? Do you felis servants neat! I ell them
scrid odor like molten metal —and I hearhem hissing town
Usat speeds we can only imagine. They ae beings of elemental
fire, who dance around theit lord and guard the approaches to
his realm. Soon we wil fel their kis. they test our resolve.
‘Younustbefealessandhardy,Gooneven when you think yt
willbe bumedalive fromthe heat. Only then wall webe granted
‘audience, ust remember that these too are Katanka-Sonnak's
children; he would nae appreciate them being harmed
We've made it through. always fear entering this
domain and the pain we must puffertodoso, There arc other
dangers tobe found within Hyperion'stealm aswell, though
we hope not to fall prey to them, Now that we're here.

cof his mighty presence? We
hind and fully entered inco

st ready yourselves, as
The Wind Rider is


Katanka-Sonnak's Fire

Fire elementals formating around the sun's realm,
Garou wishing to approach the Wind Rider are at
tackedastheynearhim, One clementalattacksforeach
Garou present. Those who try to pas through the t
must suffer o break through. Each attack
strikes with an attack dice pool of six dice, and inflicts
three health levels of aggravated damage from intetise
heat and seemstoset the Garou alight. The damage can
be soaked, though the difficulty to do so is 9. Childee
‘of Gaia and Wendigo Garou suffer one less artack from
the fire elementals and are at difficulty 8 to sak the
damage. Certain Gifts, such as Lana' Armor and Chill
of Eatly Frost, can prevent ot mitigate the damage, For
each wound a Garou receives in this mannet, she
regains a Willpower point

Ifany Garou suffers enough damage that she dies
her body is engulfed in lame and disappears from view
This death can be real ot illusory, at the Storyteller's
discretion; certainly it depends on the character, and
whether she has lived a life the Incama would approve
of. Ifthe Storyteller chooses life the character can be
encountered again within Hyperion's citadel, restored
to lifeand fully healed. Either the damage sustained by
all the Garou is imaginary and disappears once they

fh the citadel, or Kananka-Sonnak has healed the
fallen Garou so that she may continue het life and
complete a quest for the Incarna

‘Wise Garon will realie thar their objective is to
reach Katanka-Sonnak'sdomuin. not kattleclementale
Tf they pass through wi here are no
more attacks on them and they ean reach the fncurna's
citadel with no further trouble. Those who insist on
hortling the elementals must suffer through all five
attacks as normal, but for every attack they attempe
upon the elementals, they become subject to another
attack (against which the soak difficulty tises to 10)
These wounds also cause the Garou to love a point of
Willpower per attack

however, we have chance to meet with Katanka-Sonnak
Likeamy Ahsoun, he is flesse anid peasd. Although he doe
not eare for most Garou, if you treat him with respect,
remain brave and speak with him honestly, lie wil tespect
‘you in tum. He may even choose to heal the wounds we
received on our way here

Our quest against the Red Star may be enough to
appease him. Some of our seers tell us the star is called
Anthelios because it directly opposes Helios himself

should have 4 vested interest in assisting, us to keep an
interloper from usurping his ponition. Still, it would be best
not to depend on his good will based on your good inten


|

em SSL

Katana Sonnak ean heal any sortofdamage thimselfor
anyother:he sequally capableofinflicring dumagethat can be
healed only through mystical means. Ameng the Silent Strid
1, rumors whisper cht Katanks-Sorrak restores life to the
dead. Ihave never asked whether they mean that he Italy
‘ase the dead ot whether they believe it ishisinfluerice that
allows Garou to live on as Ancestor-pinits. e's all tied up im
cceultir | don't foe! qualified to explain, Stil. he sometimes
sgants other, essquestionable pfs to those deserving of them.
1 you can convince him that your mission is both
important and?ast, that it serves both his and Gaia's
inteeoas, he mapliét you with Suafie. Though his gift
that you sulfetube pain his fiery touch brig, it can
1 Algease and pein and heal even severe wounds
er gif@are less palnflphough still porene.
The one' tie! met Kitalha Sonnale before ti, 1
accompanied « Wenidigy. The frighena uppesred asa great
Narive American Witrion with deep bitonce-red skin and]
long, flowing black hai. Fle dressed in) erearny bucksking
with beauriful yellow, ced and blue Beadwork lepicting the
sun dive und an elaboritefiendress eagle feathers and
ermine. In his right hand, he heldy feathered spear paingod
rea and upon his back he carried.a quives, of aging ors
sind a fire strung bow. He rode upg eae pony lacs
night with mane and tail of orange flames
Hiseyesreflectthe stars within the Actieriah Realta smd
his inner strengeh, His ftge shits, but fait lke
ts Pres erence
‘upon single blade of grass or mayfeverberae through his
realm, carrying his comands to all who setye him
Ihe tscifferenr this time, Lake you describe hi
reso ht Lay know whut fort ENG tice tn these
desperate times. We go now softs eitadel, whens we eal
shelter for » time betore mavingenwand to another Somain,

Citadel of Hyperion

1 don'c know what youl see, but veséen the citadel tn
‘wo different configanations before | layt inyaighe. The rat

Hyperion as Cotem

Background Cost: 10

Jusgias Luna's face of S8khtA/Phoebe will some
sues to a puck cotenafagitoes Helios incama of
Katanka-Sonnak. He dgepso very rately, and only
when thoroughly impreised with a pack's mettle and
foresight. Mokolé and'/Cornx, the other children of
Helios, respect Hyperion's children and will cooperate
with them as necessary.
Traits: Each one of Hyperion's chikdren receives
the Gift: Kiss of Helios, The pack muy also call on an.
arklitional five Willpower points per story.

Ban: Children of Hyperion/Kixeanke-Sonnak must
protect the other shapeshifters loft on earth, particu-
larly the Mokolé and C

Some Stonycller may wish to incorporate afew more
obstacksiniotheirstoriesaftravelin the Actherial Realms
‘The following danger exist within the sun's fiery domain:

* Sunspots

In the physical world, sunspots are areas where the
gaseous matter which comprisesthe sun hums les hotly
They appear darker than the surrounding area. Various
phenomena are associated with sunspot activity In the
‘Aetherial Realm, sunspots cause Aetherigl4tormns. Such
storms are what make the solar windsdanyerous. While
usually more predictable, often cori in groups, then
fading away foraime,sunspors(i the wild stormsehiey
cause) have become moge(fieuent since the advent of
the Red Star, As thegininiows interloper estes nearer,
sunspot actiyity ites until solar gti are alot

constantly, tlroring the Ineama'é ancer.
Adipeesent, the surspooy Wile prevalent, are not
ei jabowlingstorm with
bomenne inns BEE winch rp traveler,
from moon br ei. them to rund
locating wichita the Unb and inflicting seven he:

levels of Negra dae (salable by Gatou usual)
J} onthose caught within their fry. The characters mayend
Umbra realm suchas Atrocity, or pechaps
ithe Aethonal. For mor
‘these reas, consult Umbra: the Velvet Shadow.
* Solar Flares
These towering columns of flame erupt overan area
encompassing sevceal hundred feet toa few miles. Miles-
fugh geysers of lane ole lares carat aa characters
by thet fines — bur the blatfown the eruption and dhe
Iyby itire another story. The energy

‘eruption: Bienckeh to threw. the chamcters com
pletely off thie suniIn rhe: his world, a volar flare

explosion 4s equivalent to tenctimerahe force of the
Hoshino ee sens
tocanecit levelsofnan aggravated damage. While the
damage can be waked, bedi wo sais8, Further,
the radiation causes strange afficrions. Though tempo-
‘ary, these range from annoyingté\dangerous The effects
should last from a few hours to afew chavs, tellers,
should decide the duration, based on thedtor seeds and
whether Gifts like Mother's Touch or heallitg from items
like Sunfire seem appropriate farhealing the effects. A few
ideas for afflictions are given below.

'* Partial paralysis of arms of legs (-3 to Dexterity)
ives (-2 to Perception)

* Blindness (-3 w Perception)

© Severe nausea and verrigo (-3 0 alll masks)

* Uncontrolled narcolepsy (roll Stamina versus
difitculty 9 whenever determined hy Storyteller or fll
heavily asleep for ten minutes)

Dangers of the Realm of Fire

28 Rage Across the Heavens

—— a


sy

oN

AZ

fsa pure white tipt decorated with symbols of the sun and
flames in brilliant yellow, oninge and red. fe rests upon a
phhin of glowing embers, bathed in blue-white fire. Inside,
thete exists a great council chamber around a ecntral fire.
Beautifully designed pence pipes and speaking sticks aor
thewalls, which are lined with fursand raven feathers. Each
fur pulls buck to reveal other chambers, each resembling 3
sentrate tipi. Guests visiting Katanka-Sonnak's realm are
welcome to stay in some of the areas set sside for them.
Actherial spirits come to the Incama for judgments and
counsel. Perhaps some willbeherenaw with news ofthe Red
Star the Incagna may hold a council of war. If he does so.
‘make certain thitfiyou speak only when given the speaking
stick or you may ange him.
Theether form consists fan actual
with spicecling turrets, made i
with

ake-of burning fire: [lle
chamber, thou ieeeserables medieval thttn fxn. Tap
ries of living freedom the, wa light the

hall. Katanks-Sonnale nea
fro within by ats innver fines) resent, |
the throne remains dark ahd hie whole root seen lose is
huster. Golden doorways lead tn other halls art rooms.
In either form, you: ng us, but
doesn't bum or harm us ai/KattankaSonrik has granted Ui
the tight 1 be here. Sweetamels, as of burning incense,

throaghscindland of crac ing aes RGM ae fc eho
sir IF you listen carefully 46 the flames, you can hear the gh :

woive of the Incarna. al

‘After tnkingourpetiono Hyperion alto

star toads on the next nearest realm (nly oer, thew —

Wind Rider acs fite sonst woah
‘Once we lnive the Wind Rider're

‘of Mitanu, which corespds (othe planes (
Mitanu ne
Incarna of Mercury 4

If we were not approsching Mitanu fromii\Koranka-
Sonnak's realm, ic wouldibe almost unipesible for you coaeel
The Clever Rogug‘eorresponds to' Mercury. the second
smallest planct and closest to eye sun. From Earth, even
astronomers have trouble seeingit in the sky, Luckily, here
im the Aethertal, we're moyfRE outward ftom he sun's
realm. Youaren'tblinded byKGttanks-Sonnak'soverwheli:
ing brilliance, and Lcan feel Mitanu's presence alead of ws.

Gecting there is ite rnoce eormplex than the paths
we've followed thus far, We're riding the solar wind ourward
from Katanka-Sonnak. Rather than flowing in # straight
Line with it, we're following a slight curve. Trust me, [know
itscems to make nosense, but we'll get there sooner this way
— at least, if nothing causes a storm that tomes us some:
whete else in the Unibra. Riding the winds always feels odd.
tome. [keep expecting to feel actual alr movement pushing
ime along, but its more like a streatn and our movements

ae lis) ape

Bat and qu

keeping us within that stream ate move like swimming than
flying. There's scent thataccompaniesthe wind when it's
calm, almost like sun-warmed oranges or the way I believe
the color yellow mighe vaste

Some of my septmatesdismiss Mitanuasan untrustworthy
trickster —heis astociared with Ragaash and specially favors
the Bone Gauwers, Certainly he's small, quick and difficult to
find if he wishes w remain hidden. Hs doos not poveou the
honesty ofKiatanka Sormak orthecaringnarureot Soka but
Iki strengths make him the consugamnate thief or spy. Rapid
change iis meat and drink, ngs hi wonderful gift

fee uneemuentional
that is why he isp
‘ust often: make do with

newer cou
BEE. | hone you weren't
thing you wouldn't wane
tremely curious and

ometimes, they'll
a ite

to loads

> return they's
|) nit OF coun

‘you request it of
vet will tell you that you

kana char he represen
‘peed of foot. TH igiiy
x. In point of fag, he never did claim to be

we of hupior and changeable nature

Hpmefersmore informal mgerings. He may
Dropose contests thar feature acing or displays of wit. Mest
often, he asks visitors to Updéftake some sort of quest or
challenge — often something thar they can only necon
plist hough chear wits. CccastoRiadly he requests visting
Garou to perform a theft for him, recovering something
stolen from a sepr under his protection, rescuing a prisoner
‘oc takingan tern from his enemies. He rewands the winners
of contests and those who perform services for him with
(Giles and tressures he has collected. Of course, suck lucky
winnersmay later tind theyare missing some other item they
had with them at the rime of the contest

Mitanu's realm seems very like the planiet Mesciay in
the physical realm. Iris quite small and dense, and has only
the thinnest atmosphere, Of course, that doesn't bother us
—weneed not breathe or move inthe normal fashion —but
trdoes create weird landscape of deep basins, high escar>

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 29

————— aay a


=) ments and folded ripples across the surface. It looks
ip quite forbidding, if 1 remember correctly, with brown
‘Nien " &) oy and ash gray predominating. It seems so barren and
Ctrl | Pe Cctveconing that me tnvelay pow tb (hen
f they can find it ar all), Naturally, Mitanu was obe
unnoticed, overlooked and dismissed as unimportant.
‘How else could he hide what he's really up to
‘apparent landscape is in the air, as if painted on scrim.
Beneath it, Mitanu has created a jewel-bright workd
lakes grace emerald green meadows flanked by tall,
mee-covered mountains. Abutting this Edenic land.
scape lies a homnd desert of baked stone, raw wind-
a whim took him, To find the Rogue, we will undout
edly have to experience both (and possibly others he has
adopted) before he allows himself to be fou
= ever hedecides to reside, his manorapped
i betrayed only by Mercury's Pa

Mitanu's Manor

Viitors to Mitanu's domain may wander through
pparadisincal or hellish vistas until the Incarna decides to
presence. We must hope he finds us
bapproach urseoner rather than later.
}] Yournust take overnowandact asmy guides, forlcan'thelp
you discover Mitanu's manor. It can only be found by
locating Mercury's Fath and walking it to the ena, It may
appear as rural lane winding atone. bill, « act of tracks
leading over a sea of dunes, a leaf-strewn path in the
woodlnds, a stream bedecked with stepping stones ot
‘even a passage leading from beanch to branch among the
trcex To follow the path succesfully calls for us to usc
jour minds todoso and to ourvit Mitanw'emintons, who
try to discourage us ot hide the way from ws
The manor itielf may be a tree house of a
palace. [have heard that it has been aelreus tent, 3
pagoda, an domed arena and even an underground
bunker at times. Though it is always hidden until you
reach the end of the path, the manor boasts several calors
enuunes) YUU see, ike create fom warsoUD wl nd
ends Mitanu has collected or had brought to him by
| uesting visitors. The whole structure is made of "bor:
‘rowed or "acquired" items. I'sachaotic jumble that looks
like nothing so much as collection of rag, toys, pieces of
&| driftwood. garbage cans, jewelry, clothing, stones, grass
nty of
thas eccentric asthe last, If you can

thing like an architectural structure — well, soon you'll see
foryourself. [v's thequintesential "tuff pile every Bone
Gnawerdrenms about. Ofcourse,he couldhave changed


SN

=

Mitanu as Totem

Background Cost: 7
Mituru; like most other planetary Incamae, isn't
ting as patron to a pack. However, he doesn't

abe
act as fotem to any pack without a Bone Gnawer,

Ragabash or someone born under his sign — such a
pack is obviously humorless tor.

‘Traits: Mitanu's children are masters of improvi

sation. They gain three dice to both Subterfuge and
Streetwine rolls, and learn the Gift: Blur of the Milky
Eye: What's more; any Kayabash Gift casts one less
‘experience point to leatn for one of Mitant's chosen.

Ban: Mitanu expects his children to fend for
themselves by finding appropriate tools for any task as
they go along. He disapproves of overrciance on any
‘one item, anal forbids his paces to carry nny particular
fetish of weapon for wore than a month, Talens ate
‘exempt from this nile.

everything since the last time I was here and be living in a
oplit-level ranch seyle with vinyl siding for all | know. 1
wouldn't be surprised at anything Mitana preserts teu <0
Jong he finds some amusement in

‘Whatever the reality of his manor, part of his domain is
as barren as it appears: | kriow this because of the Mercurial
Powder he occasionally dhates with thoee who eel is hie
coniestsand challenges. The Bone Grawer who told me af it
said that ic increased his natural mental abilities, but Lave
pot received any ofthe powder, so I don't know the tuth of
hisclaim Ihave heard that Mitanu alsa oceasionally teaches
worthy candidates a Gift, which helps it recipient become
betterable to commit acts of thievery. While that may sound
somewhat dishonorable to many Garou, [suppose we should
remember that wecan'tallbe Albroun. Hitdida't serve Chin's
purposes, he wouldn't reach it to us

Let uy prepare foran interesting adventute as we seek to
find Mitanu. May cur sense of humor be equal to his
challenges!

Hakahe

Incarna of Dulcan

From che realm of Mitanu, we now move onwand tthe
realm of his opposite. Some might question whether the two
vere twinshecause of their alignment inthe heavens. fMitann
and Hakahe are twins, however, their mirror images are in-
verted, fortheyarenothingalike. The confusion arses because
the planet Vulcan inhabits the same space and orbital path 2s
Mercury, buton the oppesitesideof the aun. ft sada planet,
hing nsfiery mrertorunderamanticof ebony, making even,
sore dificul cosee than its oebital twin. Some astronomersin
the earthly realm have theorized that Vulcan exists, but have
yet toproveit. Many claim that what some people occasionally

Dangers of the Realm

‘Although much of what Garoasee asthey approach
‘Mitane's domain sillmory, thie picture exist forreal in
at least part of his realm. Gray ash pits cover a poetion of
his holdings and can be extremely dangerous. For one
thing, they are sometimes several milesdeep and anyone
falling in gets sucked down sand suffocated as sf he had
fallen into quicksand. Though this sounds strange since
characters seem weightless and need not breathe in most
of the Aetherial Realm, i i the result of an [ncarna's
tocal Law supesseding: te genend avs of the Aethenal
‘Ash pitsare noc always obvious. Something that appears
to be firin ground, even a gray sedge, may be a thin
covering over one of the pits. Those who do not check
heir outing a sey tavel titough the realm stand a
good chance of rumbling into one of the pits (rll
Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 9 ro casually soe pit)

‘Sometimes, as one's eatin thewshes, she experiences
‘asortof dream challenge that she must defeat. I she can
ddoso, the Garon finds that she is able to stay afloat in the
ah long enough to reach firmer footing, This is tex
Mita puts some Garou through to determine theie
‘mental and physical fess. (Storytellers are encouraged
todevise dreamlike scenarios built stound whatever quest
the characterscurrently follow. The testsshould be thingy
thatthe churactersean overcome either with clevernessot
Sexterous actions rather than combat oF the se of Gita}
1fMitanu wishes to test certain candidates, they have nc
chance t avoid stepping into the pt regardless rill to
avoid it. These whowin through receive a giftof Mitarn's
Mercurial Powder and realize thatthe ash they struggled
through formsthe hassforit. Needless rosy, those Garou
who prove unfir do not emerge from the pit and their
powdered bones become part of the ashen hazard.

fee ws Mercury is in fact Vulcan appearing while its ewie still
travels on the opposite side ofthe sun,

Because Hakshe s even more difficult to locate than
‘Mitanu, we must frst find the correct starroad to his domai
Ichas been said by some that to find Hakahe'srealin you must
stop looking forit and instead concentrate on looking within,
pouuisell Singe Takube ty dae Lucas sesactated with both
the Uktena and with the auspice of Theunge, | guess this isn't
too surprising, U remember looking for the realm when |
traveled this way before and failing to see it. | suppove you see
nothing but blackness ahead of us either? Good. That's what
Itecall, Open yourself up tofeel the Lacarma''s emanations
quite subtle, ike banked embers. Do you see a ribbon of datk
fire stretching before us now? We must walk thar road if we

‘cates HEakahe's domain. Ifyou don't wait t0 ga, you
‘may wait here and none will blame you. To walk the road of
embers into Hakale's heart takesa great deal of courage, and
not the kind of bravery you need in battle. By the time you
teach Hakuhe, you will know yourself for all hac yon are —

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines Bid

TT,


|

The Road of Embers

Walkingtheroad of embers should bean exercise in

Jexploit each
each), Perhaps

cherished item
fetish, for

a grand kltive
—in orders


———— Nx

~~

ne AA,

of hve cracks ate actully volcanoes spewing lines of range-
red Lava dow thei sides. The rest ofthe planer dully reflects
those fires in its obsidian black and presents.a forbidding forest
cof razor-sharp spikes and pinnacles a afew navigable basins
Can you fel the heat! Do you smell the sulfur at? I all
comes together in a central basin offre surrounded by yg
‘peaks, That's where we'll find Hakahe. Pleas be my eyesas we
approach the Incama; Leannot tll where dhe sercted basalt
ies and it will inflict great pain if we allow it to cat us.

If you are not Utena oe if you have not been gifted with
iakahe's lor. you probiby think of Vulean asthe smth ofthe

‘American lore. Rather that arate
Utena sybe alt the ani
it into the shape it fieeds to

temilt isthe scerct soulhOf the Ge

to Oala wo pce wile shel

NNovajo with ong, ily black in

we
kiln and the black embers leftover fon
‘each can be useful in minuscule amd
amenunts prove fal to anyone com
them, While some players might
problems by hopping to Hakahe's
everborhers them intooneor they
‘avy, Unovlling erenures canna
twfise pir except by the Incama
such things even to Wyrm

who think they can somehow lig
into emberback just ate
Kilnflame and iit
in stall aenounts (wit the 1
become subely dfferdit when rer
influence (see Vulcan's Embersin Gh
ignoce Hakahe's warnings get

* Kilnflame

The fies that fuel fle kiln are dangerous 10
visitors. Although not as foe ns the sun's ir, killame is 2
force of pure creation. The problem arises when something
‘Huei already living or some item that already in existence
encounters inflame. When exposed to something already
living, the flames nttempetocreate itanew, resulting in weird
{and sometimes hombly mutated) beings. Applied to ub-
ject, kilnflame causes ther disolution and eeasermly ino
something new. Such things may be beautifl or verible, but
ae never the same as before; nor do they pases any powers
they might have held (ifthe item in question is a fetish or
similar object). Garou attempting to negotiate the basin

{lacnes.t their centers, and strong, competent lock
‘He dressed in attire reminiscent of flames, with dark
serving as a background for painted streaks of el fite and
depictions of jagged mountains. He carried with his « peace
pipe made of puinted clay, Wafting from the pipe, redolent
herbal smoke scented the air and wreatheid around the
Inicama, making it seem a fhe somehow remained partially
Ihiddon ever while in plain eight. Surrounding the Incartin
‘were several tiny painted clay figures tiuch like kachina dolls
— the spiritsof his realm, Wherever ho walked, the shattered
ferns like sand paintings.
jon Whisperer ate faviced 1
Jeissaidtharanyone looking nto
g66 the answer to an enigna that hus
understands one the great mysteries
tac such hauls cous at. pice,

ight nor know. He has been,
whom he fawors. | know of one
on Whisperer, und he occasionally

i ores ind hat och ihe pot of iva nd
Mocdieitjpaceattinucs: Betekeriercleras
their own judgment in assigning mutations, bue in general,
Jessthan one out often such changes willbe henefcial usthe

sea 0 changed (mich a gaining wings or eccuing

mutation should be matched by some
malty. For example, should a Garou
aynage from silver, she might find
Joped an allergy that causes

other, more common iten

be muration should cause

sh all one die lower the
more severe the mutation
(or the mote mutations she t ves), Beneficial powers
‘can only be gained ifm ven is rolled.
* Emberblack
The refuse from Hakahe's kiln is called emberblack.
‘Suill hot, these smoldering coals are black on the outside
with a spark of flame ar the center. Unlike the kilnflarme
from which it is derived, emberblack cannot create any-
thing, but it does destroy. Any object placed within
cemberblack melts into say and eventually dissipates
altogether. |iving beings literally fall vo pieces, in ounce
becoming uncreated. Foolish Garou whe perish in such
fashion cannot return t0 Gaia, nor does the Incama use
any of their essence to create a new soul for Gaia'

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

————iaaay 1/4


Hakahe as Totem
Background Cost: 7

It's very raze for Hakahe tw serve aé a pack totem,
sand even rater for him to patronize a pack without at
least one Uktena among them. Nonetheless, the Ebon
Whisperer will once ina great while lend his favor toa
pack thar seeks hiin owt and beseeches his guidance.

Traits: Hakshe grants his packs an additional
three dice on Crafts and Repait rolls, and teaches his
children the Gift: Reshape Object. All Occult rolls
tnade by pack members are at -2 difficulty

Ban: Children of Hakahe must work 10 build
things of importance among human communities, the
better 10 teach humans to build rather than destroy,

thar soch embers contain within them the powers of creation
and destruction and are entrusted to only the mos worthy.

Hakahe's Kiln

Located heneath the largest voleanic peak of the realm
lies a busin of fire known as Hakahe's Kiln, or sometimes
Vulcan's Forge: Ie esuld that this isthe place where Haliahe
does his work, shaping the malleable souls of the Garou and
testing them in the bright fires of creation and destruction,
Ribbons of fery lava make down from the volcano to the
hasin, forming pools of molten fire with beidger of glowing
‘embers between thein. When last | visited, we met the
Incarna on a ledge overlooking the basin. He wamod us
‘aguinst going into the kiln, Farther, he spoke against our
approaching the area just helow the kika ae wel.

Falling downward from the basin like a waterfall hes an
stea where the refuse from the kiln collects. This isthe place
Hakahe told us not to yo. Within that datk eanyon, spent
cinberesill glow though with areddish black flickering bat
seems to enhance the darkness rather than providing even
the dimmest light. do not know what dangers aside from
burning oF pethaps potsonows gasses these areas pose for us,
but it s enough for me that Hakahe has asked us to avoid
them. There ate other places where we may rest before
continuing our journey.

Once again, we will ide the winds away from Hiakshe's

sind move fancy ouward toward the dome of the
Veiled Mother

Tambiyah

Incarna of Venus

‘We are approaching the realm of Tambiyah, whom
many call che Veiled Mother. Even from here, you may be
able to discern the swirled golden colors thar give irsuch a
slow. From Earth, Verusis the brightest planet visible and
is sometines called the evening star. Mast people used to
believe that Venus was-a rich, jungle-covered planet be
cause ofthe goklen clouds that cover i. Aethierial denizens

nara nnennenall

aM Rage Across the Heavens

i i

hhave known for far longer that those clouds are actually
poisonous and acidic when the Incama wishesthem tobe
Further, the atmosphere is so thick it trap heat in, making
it the hottest planet except for Vulean. We will not be
bothered by these difficulties the Veiled Mother allowsus
tw enter her domain,

Doyouhear those crptlline notes ringing through tar?
‘Thor are Taenbiyab's hada, de pits las atta ct
and wam bet ofthe approach of srangerstohertealmn, They will
‘so try to harmusunlessconwnanded todo soby te ican, but
they provide her with information about those who come into
the domnin ssbeon yourkest behavior We aur be sig abana!
questonaa befcre entering the cloud we may wwe prove
ourselves hefore Tambiyah consents to soe us

Tamibiyah particularly favors the Black Furies and
Galland fact abe preferred speaking with those Garou
cover others the last time I visited. She may even wish a
Galliard to compose 1 song or poem in her honce! Some
Garou are surprised that the Furies do not refer to her a»
Aphuodite, but of coune Tambiyah and Aphrodite nre
merely faceteofa whole. They dosomnetimescall herthe Siar
Maiden, but more often refer to her as the Veiled Mother
‘She; like the Furies isdeeply concemed with the welfare of
wwoinen snd children, She is ox s0 welcoming to males,
especially if they have ill-used any females or hold thera
selyes above women as superior. For this tease, she on less
than good terms with Nerigil, the Ice Warrior and she can
swuke things diticule for Getof Fenrs—espectally Ahrouns
— who enter her domain. She isn't unfair, however, and
allows access to those with good intentions. Thar doesn't
mean she doesn't snub them some, however. Ifyou wish to
xecalong widh Tambiyal, you must ignore any slight from
her and prove yourhonorand trustworthiness Still, there
far more to Tambiyah than her battle-sister persona, She is
also warm and loving, motherly and wise with a great ust for
life she lavisties upou hex domain and thove within tc

Intheearthly realm, Verusisdey, mostly flat and orange.
{croratesin the opposite direction frommost other planets, 10
if yon could see the sun from the surface it would re in the
west and set in the cast. Here in the Actherial Reali,
‘Tambiyah still spins backwant (which astronomerscall recto-
sade), but she ts not 40 unwelcoming. Here, once we have
penetrated the mother's outer veils, she bequeaths to us an
incoxicaring, vibrant worklof hixunousgrowth that avalsthe
sreatest myths of primeval jungles; savannas and oceans. Of
all the realms I have visited, [think [will most missnot bein
able to see Tambiyah's domain again. It reminds me what
Gaia must have once provided for us on Earthy

Well, we are here. At least I may revel in the sounds,
scentsand feel. Do you hear all the sounds? Like birds, beasts
and insects have all set up a chorus of welcome? I even hear
the plant life swaying in the breeze and the flutter the wind
through branch and crevice. | cau feel slender, twisted stalks
rising far overhead. They appeat almost translucent, yet
support deep violec flowers, do they nor? I ean smell their
scent, something like honeysuckle crossed with maple. Is the


SS \\ Gn eee) tee

Des

ground cover here a sore of deep gold with russe? [think T

remember thisaea, unless Tarubiyal has

hosen torepeat her
howl he nearing range of hille
covered with myriad eolors, When we cotne eloser, yott wall
we them appear to come to life and whisk up off the ground.
in ugreat cloud. They ate some sort of insect with beautiful
jewel.

awhirring, whistling noise that ean behe

Ich designe elurahere

dforalmosta mile

Tambiyah herself ually appears as either volun
though motherly, figure ora butte maiden. She also take
formofagokden wolf ajewel-winged insect ora great, flowering
trve. in hee fist humanltke form, she hae tanned skin, golden
hair and bright green eyes. She often takes the suse of a
gardener, with simple robes, abagof seed and a planting wand
tn hand. Har eile glove lke the Re mys of dawn and she
smells like fresh apples and newly tumed earth. Her voice
sounds deep and rich, In her other form, her hair nna skin are
dark and her deep brown eyes burn with the intensity of her
protectiveness toward women and children, She wearsa battle
, though she needs no weapons bey her own bun,
he fights nal het voice is like the cry ofthe eagle
ih

number of treasures. Henow of

She sings as
and the sweet strains ofthe

such, called Tambiyah's
Seeds. Ihave heard that they grow many wondrous things.
She also gives those who perform services
maidenstone. 1 ha

hera shard of

chi

sy but T

Tambiyah as Totem

Background Cost: 5

Allthough the Veiled Mother i somewhat prej
diced toward all female packs, she may take aiid
gender pack as her childten ifparticularly impresses by

the pack mem
by Tambiyah, regardless of gender.

‘on any Empathy and Medicine
children of Tambiyah

lity; the eds of them

honor on the pack as time proceeds

Ban: Chikiren 0

ambiyah

ing better
their sep

munity day care &
younger Kin.

>. Blick Furies respect packs honored

seach ane of her childrens
Ppearance; what's mote, the pack

roll

prantadexcep.

Garou cubs are raised toone in five. Thiscan bringgreat

1 work toward
the welfare of children, whether this means establish.

the Blick Furies

kcniow itis much prize we convine
her ofournoed arrecaiveher blesing for your quest, ave m

tench un Gifts as well
Are there any low, white shrubs nearby? See if the
have any green striped sees on thei br Bringone
fe; if they do, please. Ah, enn you amell tas peel icopen:
35

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

i


aA

Any number of dangers exist within Tambiyah's
realm, fn the forests range animals capable of hunting,
harming, and possibly even killing Garou. Sumilar dan-
ger exist in the swampland. Tambiyah, while she is
‘motherly and cari knows that those whom she rates
‘mot eventually leave het ease aud ouabe icon thelr own.
If Garou cannot bold their own against equal opponents,
they have no business claiming to be Gaia's defenders.
Storytellers should fee! let imagination rule with
tepard to what thse c look like and what powers
they might possess that can aflect Garou.

Aside fromghese more threats, the Veiled
{andes eens ofa strsnthereal

*'The Veiled Lands

‘This eegion is hide by heavy lay
of color dance throught tit it
aura. Visibility is severe
only « few inches in fron
sounds and whispers emerge
seeming (0 speak to any who wave i
Night ond darkness flicker chu
Iriel forming porters and fesingp
nstances in which choragtens thin
something significant onli
sounds und pietutes take 68
those who encerthe Veiled Land
‘or someone bignificant to them. As excl
vision, even momentarily, he lotes tr
finds himselfalone. Colors switl, the
and the chanseter is thrust into a te

Each scene should feature eler
foreiny the characters a make

ike a beeath of the sweetestts Here, ead

a bite of the pulp, Cans you desettBe it? Nei
closest | cain come is to say inmates like wl
at this time, Beyond the hill lesa regions
set into a flatland of white sands. Farha
ddesece that isnot a desert lie Tambiya

will most likely meet the Incarna. fu

Tambiyah's Fields

This is thio heart o
itisknown as Tarmbeyah's Fields, every typeof terrain youcan
imagine liessomewhere within. Lean no longersec the gases
und trees, the flowers and vines, yet Lean hear leaves beneath
feet, the chirping of small animals, even the sound of

wes lapping in the distance. I can imagine the mountains
ss Thaesaw them, dare with aeesontheieloweratopes, lighter
thigh elevations where snow collects Somewhere near the
Throw there is manhland where bright birds call and
slithering things slide into the water of sleep within the
sheltering reeds. The soil ieself ia sedolent with the life

rn nner

Dangers of the Realm

other. For example, the character might be faced with a
choice between gaining revenge on a hated enemy or
saving an innocent life. Anocher seene could feature n
choice the character must make in judging someotie —will
they opt for pure justice though ix carries a death sentence
‘or choose to be merciful, even agamst an enemy they have.
reason to hate! The Storyteller should try to constrict
scenes which might logically happen, such as locating the
rest of the party again through shouting nnd stumbling
blindly throagh the m

though the character is only

ms to be. Characters renderest
soon thereafter.

made some vort of choice,

ther and escape the Veiled

‘evaporate around thet,
area on the outskirts of

peesages that fertility.
andof hunter: When last

Jost as we cursabe es omnbody Boch qpurttuality and violemee, 90
too does the nature under Turnbivuh's cane

Here you wil find dark, angled forests holding beasts
that hunt those like us and ordered fields of ripening grain
and vegembles. There alo exists a region known as the
Veiled Lands. Tambiyah does not prevent us from entering
this strange area, but she usually wams those who wish to
center that they may not emerge exactly the sae as they
weneins Wedidnot enter the Veiled Larxls when wes here
before, so lam unsure what she meant by that. Nonetheless,
would urge eaution.

‘We will stay in the pleasant lands of Tambiyah to rest
and heal (or a while «aul dhetr we will journey onward.

36 Rage Across the Heavens

LLL LLL ES TS STL TT CET


—_—

ws

ae

ee AZ
Eshtarra

Incarna of Gaia

We have reverted to traveling a moun road since we now
head back toward Sokhta's sister. Soinetimes | wish Lstill had
my sight, for there comes a special f

ing when you see
b hanging in the sky
may sound, when
fir traveled the star roads, I was ment affected by seeing the
Incarn of my own home. I know that many of you ate far
travelers 1s well und you have eared your rank wn countless
tarts against the Wyrm an its minions both in the earthly
realm and the Umbra. This is probably the fist time, how
ever, you have left Gats's realm only to return t9 9 separate
main. 1 willbe like, yet ule
ngin other partsof the Umbra
Eshtarm iscalled the Songreller, Asmight be expected,
she, like Tambiyah fav ards and she takes a special
Fianna fortheit love of xngand story. Do you

hear the howls? Those are Eshtarra's protectors who come
ever. now to challenge ous right to be here, Doyousee them:
fuage black wolves with sprinklings of white on them,
like stars? When I fist saw them, they remioded
very much of Altair, my sept leader [like to eink that
he once served as one of Eshtarm's defenders and. was
rewarded for his service by being made Garou; at other times
I wonder i he has heen so marked in life because Gaia
intends hira to serve hee after death,

facet of her in Eshtarra

whatyouarcused toexp

‘We must make ounelves known to Eshtarras pack as
diefencers of Gain. Wall one of you howl a greeting an
request to enter her domain! They will then listen while we
explain who we are and whae we want here. Quickly,
compose a song concerning our uavels 40 that we may
resent them with evidence of our goodwill. They will hear
ul judge us by it. Then we will continue on into
If we came with malice in out heatts or sought
the pack would battle usto the death, and it would

easy fight, despite your prowess. These spict
wolvesare our equals or be
how

many they can sue

‘Since we have left her for awhile, we may tum back
‘toward this domain with fresh vision, Someti

s Youate too

‘soften the cae with Eshtara, We must leave he fora ine
sothacwe lea appreciate her The Songtellerconesponds
sotheplanet Earthy though she doesnocrefect things exactly
asthe Un

seebnelies before

Unibra show things as they truly ate, with particularly sit
tw areas appearing even more so in the spirit world and
Lightsshowingtheirtmuecolorseveniftheyaren'tnoticeable
menich on the earthly sideiof the Gauntlet: Rather than
mirroring things as they are, asthe Petwumbra does, Eshtarra's
be. Iesasuble
butan important one. Ifyou thought Tambiyah's

Tah ul ferro, can take your to places in


re ft

Exhrarm's realm that would make you believe the Veiled
Mother lived amid barrenness. Sally, the other extreme —
the blasted lands — is as real in her domain.

We have arrived! [hear the crashing of waves upon &
beach and smell that fresh salt scent chat tells ve fam near
thesea. When last {came to thisilylic spot, the waves were
a deep azure crested with foaming white. They fell upon
‘Mack snd beaches thae parided like diamonds in starlight,
and left behind tiny tresoures, shells and rounded rocks and
sloming seagrasses. Silvery ih leapt atop the waves, anc
ing for their own amusement. Rolling upward from the
beach aroee verdant hull and cliff, bloated with exotically
scented tropical flows, swaying green-topped trees and

fthacplungedintodeep, ly. graced

theirsweetjuicesrun
any thint ot hunger
crater, its volcanic nan
shape and the soft glow a
Truly the sort of unspoiled p
cearth, or else some poet shear
heen except for civilisstion. Tell

‘And yet, should we travel onward tai
we might come to a soul-dead cit
forming canyons of despair whereg

neon pulessichnessinto th
of fictores and transpo
those who live higher

‘ne-bellied children covered in
begeing for one crust of food, of
taste of clean water. Acidjslfain
usting hulle of cam abodid
sweep dirough the stree

iRise taser: The cles ney
the nauseating stench. Is this §
Fever imaginings of a Calliard

They might be either in this realm.

Eshtarm isthe embodiment of every song, every sry,
‘every poem, every thought conceming the Earth, She herself
‘eanassume almost any form, butshe prefersto remain natura
‘arto the realm itself She might be tee ot an outeropping
‘6 mincral-veined rock. She could bea single blade of gras or
theacean'sfoam. Esbtarracouldbe the sound ofthe wind inthe
reeds orthe mate of salt on the at, We must travel through het
lindsnoting what wecan beforeshe willassume aformthat wl
speak with us and answer our questions.

38 Rage Across the Heavens

a

On ay prior visit, sheeventually consented to meet with
«wsind took the form of'a woman who was sornehovw ail the
landitself, Her haiefell in tangled green wavesdown her back,
‘owisting like wines and plants seeking wunlight. Her skin was
like smooth wood, patterned with markings Like growth sings
andaspaleasabitch tree. Herbluceyesteflected within them
all the oceans, seas and lakes of the land and as she moved,
teary. can down her face anu becom Rowing esas. Het
clothing, asimple gown, seemed woven from wheat and green
srasses, while her sandal seemed — impoxsibly —tobehewn
from stone and set with glittering gems. Around her brow she
wore a circler of feathers and heg/trailins cloak was con-
structed of leaves and flowers. Wiierever she walked, she sang
‘or spoke, and at her cominggithe land token the guise of

she spied, saying thatthe
and heed ancient melodies and

imph over our enemies. She met us at
ich a called Eaitarra's Gla f you wish,

hangs in the air here, voiced
the outer ring of Exhearra's
ejumbleaf flowering bushes

cof various colors perched

Mf the glade. 1Fwe walle toward
thoy will move aside and let us
‘outer ring of binds, we enter a
Jnay flowers. A shallow brook

glade rests a stone, ‘eh/enormous unpolished erystal shot
through with veins of gold,
Hantonious tones resonlte throughout the glade, ema-

nating from or else enhanced by thestone. This ery
asthe seatoof the Incaima. Here Eshtarra meets with those

seek hes. She waits for her visitors, asking only that they sing
with her, asong of love for the earth; a song of sorrow for her

Eshtarra as Totem
Background Cont: 8

Eshtarra herself prefery not to act as a totem to
packs, feeling thac ich packs might grow heady with
arrogance, believing themselves Gaia's especial favor-
ites. When she tmkesn pack, she doesso in her aspect af
Danu (Werewolf, py. 263).


ww

»

Dangers of the Realm

(Characters can stumble seross utmost anything in
Eshearra's domain, Edenic landscapes may hold ser-
eats whose poison disables Garou, and the blighted
areas may shelter insane, infested beings capable of
killing those who are not wary enough. Of all the

lanetary realins, Eshtarra'sis closest to being invaded
by the spits and warriors of the Wyrm.

Further. an excess of anything can he bad, Such is
the problem with aceepeing the Lady Eshtacra's offer to
rest upon the Songstone. While there isa chance that
‘will grant the peritionera vision or the ability tosing
witha voice like lark, tts equally likely that the stone
may cause a rrowbling effect instead.

* The Songstone

This gold-threaded crystal serves as Eshuarra's
throne, When invoked by those whom she gives per-
Inission, it may cause one of several diferent effects
Roll one die to determine which effect takes place.
Voiceand Vision havealreadybeen explained, The lest
fortunate results re detailed below,

Die Rall Effect

12 Liumencation't
34 Revelrytt

56 Voice

18 Vision

9:10 Player's choice of insight (vision) or ex-

pression (voice)

1 Lamentation: When the character seats herself
uupon the stone and invokes its power, she is filled with
a yong of wich poignant sorrow that she cannot get it our
‘offer hend, Everything she does is tempered by madness
she feels absolute despair, Sueh a gloomy outlook hin-
ders the character in everything she does. Afterall if
har she tris isdoomed to fail, why try very hard? The
character must labor under a +2 difficulty eo all dice
rolls until she succeeds aa significa tase (which task
‘counts s determined by the Storyteller) despire her les
than stellar performance. Until that time, she kabors
tunder this eure.

1H Revetry: This is the ooposite of lamentation
Under this cure, the character hears a song v0 full of
mith that he cannot remain serious for more han
moment ata time. Like a Ragabash on overdrive, the
‘characterplays tricks, finds everything funny and cannot
concentrate on anything, but hilarity foe long. This
renders the character ineapable of any effective action.
Afterall, everything isa joke, what harm is there in
slacking of The effect i again wo suffer 4 +2 difficulty to
allrolls until he succeeds at significant task despite his
handicap, Until char time, he remains under the curse

ain. She willaskthesameofus. Thesongsherequitesisanew
‘one, one we've never sung before. If some among us lack a
‘good ear or a pleasing voice, we may speak our song instead,
rmuking oft a poem or story. Itecan be about anything, but it
must be true, a tuc story of something you hive dont
somewhere youhave been creven thoughts youhave. Solang.
as itis we to your heart und te to the earth, your offering
will be accepted: Ushuaia takes weit we yive and weaves It
into her own stories and songs.

{she ispleased, she may offer ussomethiny in return
‘pethaps  talen or a Gif. | know one such Gift, granted to,
ime last time 1 visited. Iris called Oaksong — the gift of
speech with the inanimate yet living, She also allows those
who please her to rest upon the crystal seat. Those who
accept may be granted a visicn or gifted with an ability to
sing. Thert isdanger in che stone however, for as etfects are
nat always so beneficial.

hope that someday we will see the Barth returned to
some ofthe more idyllicnteas of Eahearra'srealm—annd chat
we never fall to the depths of others. It has been a pleas
spending time in nome of my favorite regions here- May Gia
grant that T return someday. For now, we will walk the star
roads once main to the barren domain of the lee Warrior

Nerigal

Incarna of Mars

‘We rurn our way now to the last of those known a the
‘earthlyorinner planets. Ridngthestartoadsie not so difficult
fram Eshtarra's realm ro Nerigal's fot he is her cloest nih.
bor besides Sokhta. The lee Warrior, who is sometimes
known as the Blooded One, correspands tothe planer Mars
Hetathe quintessential warrior —naturlly, hefavors Abrour,
aand the Get af Fentis. Thouigh | know it to be a sign of his
violence, | sed to enjoy looking forhisred planet amon the
ther Incamae. {no longer have that sgh and now Fam glo
Teamust gall himtohave another red presence in the Aetherial
skies, a presence tht is anathema to all he tepeesents

You will hear no sounds as we travel toward Nerigal's
domain. Nor will you sense anything else, until we come
closer to the Incama's realm. Then we will heat the clash of
arms and the screams of worriors and scene the ymell of
‘blood, Do vou see Nerival's Weapons ver? That's what h
spirit minions are called. They guard his realm frown inte
sion by those who would offend thei lord. Gaining accesso
the presence of Nerigil involves besting his We
same sort of physical battle of contest. Once we prove our
worthiness 2s warriors oF our use as support in combat, we
may pass beyond the perimeter of the Incarnu's realm and
confront the Kee Warrior hisnsell

From distance. the realm appear ta he completely
bur as we come closer you should be able to see that the
coloration comes from the red-orange dust storms that rage
cover the whole domain. We must brave this storm to enter.
‘But before encountering the cise, we should he apie

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 39

— an a 2


Serene rene rene nen ssa are amma remsumrrensen rer)

ee AZ

iceshants, which cirele the realmabove the dust. Not
all battles inthis domain are againat livingoppanents. Done
to emerge from either

fce field or the dust un-
J. The shands can inflict severe damage, being com:

uice called blood ice, and che dust storm's
nc cutting: particles also damage Garou.

Once beyond the dust storms, we enter the demain

pe bareeet lal is ted, chete ate alae

portions that
Thesede

ony
highest pout

sppear brown and gray of even a smoky bhue.
anyon featutes (sinh
arth) that stretch several miles dee

n nerves asa proving gronted fox tore wlio
tention and favor. At twoplaces, the
ars white due to the ice

aghold

in one of these

himself uygainat the rigors of his

enough to intrude un

realm and any interlopers foolts!
wanted upon his doma

Nerigal keeps
planet Mary uy (exist
right to fore
ronment, While

okes his
es of the envi.
here (which is
be trying t0 breathe in

vty, ICs mporcant
wailableat the polesand
vunabletofindanything
raversehisdast storm
Jlandststil we tench

thaew
toalake ourthitsteven th
said urek:tcrom
his proving gr

flat, bur it folds
= and eniters, thrusts upward as stony,

deep than the mn Add to this the
rigal's cal 6 cold. During the day, th
und
tet, We mn

Nerigal's way of allowing st

worthiness,

both to him and to ourselyes. [ am evidence that it can be
survived, for L have done so betore. We will be weak. We will
be thirty ably hungry as well by the time we reach

the volcano, but we will reach i if we believe we can.

{rust adit tac Nerigal presenta imposing figute as

white wolf with golden
forms. Henowhee

je assumed

Asaman,
with broad
i light brown hair

is worn long and falls freely

nuns tw keep opponents fre ing battle

nce he

40

lr


el ft

Bearded and battle-hardened, he prefers well-worn leathers
and furs, Hisbeard and fursare both ice rined and hiscobalt
blue eyes blaze with intensity, He carries no weapons with
him, butcan summonanyhenieedswitha thought. Inbatle,
he prefers swords and spears or the [ce Klaive which is his
special chosen weapon so that he may face his foes directly
rotherthan trying toharm them ata distance. Byhisnature,
the Ice Warrior is violent. but he is also honorable
Nerigal expects deference from thowe who vsithiea, bur
the also respects strength and determination. If we grovel
excessively or seem to lacghe courage of oar convictions,
wwe ill receive litle more fa hies than eonterape Wwe

from the toe Warrior.
rightness in those who.

and obfscation in all its
anyone who attempts to
fashion. We must take care not

you have the chance
When we take itto the

Inside the caldera gf
‘Warrior's vealm lves

tion:
Still, beneath its covering 1

patrons; it pleases hin that packs,
his mame. He will lend his favo
brave enough to seek him out apd request his guidance.
"Trate: Chukdren of eri never enter fox frenzy;
they always enter berserk frenzy. The lee Warrior also
grants each pack member an aklitional die to Brawl
tind Melee dice pools, and two temporary points of
Glory. Finally, each pack member gains an extradie ro
soak rolls (which cannot be used to souk silver).
Ban: Nerigal's children ate forbidden to show
fear. They may not retreat once combat is joined,
and are not allowed to avotd obstacles rather than
overcoming them.

king the Proving Grouind one of the warmest
places in the realm. White not exactly halmy, the tem:
perature inside the Proving Ground is above zero degrees
Fahrenheit: Take heart! We have already proven some
thing about ourselves by reaching this phice. Now, hiw.
‘ever, the second phase of out testing begins and we are
already weakened. If we wich to speak with the Incarna,
swe must accept the challenge laid upoa ws here. Think
carefully, we have come far for Bhischance, but if we lose
the challenge, Nerigal ese

sorts of traps the
w handicap
ly inconve:
t and battle foes of the

fess pits and traps, ¢f
}Romans ured toon

encrably —orhemay slay in
time. A warning: We must

Waller everything elve his beets
bout intelligence, plan-
Bla, what distinguishes us

auld we provesuperiar, do rt be

showing and fight bravely,

If we overcome all his challenges, Nerigal will hear
‘our petitions and may grant us fetishes or Gifts. He has
heen know to give particularly impressive warriors fee

Klaives like his own chosen weapon. He may alse reward
those who battle honestly and fearlessly with shards of
loud ive. Ceruainly, Nertyal'y realtone of the most
challenging and deadly among the planetary Incarnae,
but the Ice Warrior is abso generous in his rewarde to
those who deserve them

Once we have overcome our oppenents and spoken
with Nerigal, we may rest for a while, Despite the inhospi-
‘able environment elsewhere in the realm, heee withia the
Proving Grounds Nenigal provides us with warm, corte
lable quarters, food, drink and healing, should we meet it.
Once we are back at full strength we will journey onward to
the domain of Rorg. Do not forget the lessons we learned

here; they will serve us well in the Hunter's realm

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 4

ES


|

AS / amavern armen

Ir seems odd to describe the dangers to be found in
Nerigal's domain since the whole realm is dangerous in
and of itself — and is designed to be that way. Almont
anything in the domain can potentially be deadly, from
Nerigal's Weapons to the ice shards, from the dust storms,
to the provpoct of dying of thir. Traversing the realm
from the point of entry to the voleanie proving ground
takes approximately our to five days, Those days should
bean exercise ofhellish proportions. Unlessall cooperate,
the group w

aren, however, Netigal provides them with water nd «
chance to rest and heal for an hour ors before they begin
their combats

survive the journey. Once they reach the

I's Weapons
martial Star-spirits who intercepe all vii-
tory to theit lord's domain. They immediately attack
tther than pausing to parley. Should the party respond in
‘ind, he Weapons uttempecotake their measure without
falling them. Anyone trying to talk to the spirits or use
Gifts against them become subject to more attacks as
‘more Weapons arrive rodeal with them, Nerigal wants to
‘now dhe xroup's fighting prowess and physical capabiti-
tes, not how diplomatic they are or how many Gifts they
koow. Using Gifts thar enhance one's combat abilities is
‘not seen in the same light and ts perfectly permissible
uve all ofthe group has ncrempred direct combac with
the Weapons, the spirits accord them respect and allow
them to pass unhindered,

* Blood lee

These sharp shards of ice encircle Nerigal's realm
about twelve or 80 miles above the surface. The ice looks
ws though it were formed from » mixture of blood and
water, Some almost seem to hold drops of blood within
‘otherwise clear ice, while others are streaked or flecked
with red. The ice erystals ure rasor-sharp and can inflict
aggravated damage on Garou, Those moving through the
‘ce fiekd muse make Dexterity + Athletics rolls (difficulty
5) tovavoid being injured by the shards. Three successes
are necessary to traverse the ice shards without damage,
Forevery success that isnot eamed, the Garou suffersone
health level of agyravaced damage (i. ifthey achieve no
successes, they take three levels of damage; each success
removes one of three potential levels of damage), Those
who borch are somehow disoriented within the ice field.
They ust pause to gain their bearings and wuffer another
round of attacks ss well as taking the three levels of
damage from the fine round.

Dangers of the Real

"r

A never ending dust storm made up of particles of
rock, rust and dirt from the surface rages for miles above
the acrual realm. Located just below the enciteling field
‘ofice shards, the dust storm is some ten milesthick. Those
rpasing through the storm find themselves about a mile
above the surface when they emerge from it. The lying
<debris and ferocity of the winds can harm Garou, even
though t isnot aggravated damage. The group takes three
rounds to pass through the storm, which also negates
visibility ((..ttisimpossible to see the surface fromabove
tuntil one has passed through the storm, nor can the
characters see one snather until they emenge at the
bouom. If they aren't holding hands when they enter,
they may become separated and have 19 regroup once
they've gotten to the ground,). Each player should make
three rolls on hee character's Stamina (difficulty 8) t0
void taking damage from che storm. As above with the
ice shards, three successes ate necessary to avoid all
damage. A botch results nan extea en within the worm.
While it isn't aggravated damage, it might potentially
render Garouttineonscioussince she will have tele time
toheal between buffets. Once out ofthe storm, of course
she ray heals usual

* Foes In the Proving Ground

‘These could be almost anything —Leeches, Binck
Spiral Dancer, physically powerful Banes, Sear-spitit
beasts from another age or weird alien exeatures. The
Storyteller should feel free to be etearive — of eourse
pitting chamcters against sich overwhelming odds that
they have no hope of winning isn'ta fair combar. Ifthe
ccharactet has had bad luck againot a certain kind of
‘opponent before, this might be a good time to pit her
agrinst mother ofthe same sort. Whether these are real
‘creatures the Incarna hassomehow eaptured for ase in his
testsorphantasms he conjures forthe characters to pruve
themselves against is up to individual Storytellers. Even
phantasms act intelligently and cause real damage

Aside from the actual combatants, the arena liolds
humerous traps designed ro test the reflexes and
strength of the combatants as they battle. Pit trips
with silver spikes at the hotiom, walls that spring up
and entrap a fighter on two sides, and missiles which
emerge from stelae to briefly weaken ot paralyze a nb
are a few such obstacles. Creative Storytellers will
undoubtedly think of many more

st Storms

a Rage Across the Heavens

| ine


Incarna of Turog

Berwen the interior planetary Incai
rior ones Iles a region ruled by R ned
Hunter. In this
that these are ‘of unother planet called Turog
that once existed here, Lon, olong that none save th:
Incarnac themselves remember, Turog was destroyed. Some
he quarreled with a mighty Wyrm-spirit who tore him
san insult to
5 remains bet
nd Zarok, the ruling
we Wyrm's power.
Despite the dk

/ hatred for the W:

tothe other

atrolling his region

of the Aetherial heavens her Incarnae, knowing of
the continual agony he endures, dared not yainsay fit

‘srealm. Even before we leave

unending
the time we are within Rorg'sd

nerve have been driven into

ovetlong in the Many-Taloned Hunter' v

of pitted gray 10 ‘one of the larger pieces. De

Rorg as Totem

Background Cost: 10

Rorg won't act as a pack totem op

without one Red Tal ses 0

plent." Even 50, his

pparonage can be useful, as an draw on &
portion of his scattered yet un

«goal, whether teaming up against a single
their knowledge to

devise aplan, i difficulties relevant 10
the task, (In th ofcombat, this would include

rome
hiklren an
Linge and teaches them

not allowed to forgive
untilany miteed yernor theirloved

nes have been justly pu


Dangers of the Realm
"The main chreat inthe realm isthe Incama bimelf
Rorgis none too stable. While he has not yet completely
tosis sanity, there « a savage darkness that buns
within him awaiting a spark to set (t ablaze. He's like a

comnered grizcly that's been wounded. His non-fral
spectiterallyhang byathroad andhe couldanapatany
time. Nonetheless, Rong should evoke some feelings of
sacnes, loss and pity in the cliggcters. He, lke the
ally the
his wo

slwindling Garou (
faciryhielaut hours,

Talons), may be

Inearna do not help him.
disrespectful o too reluctant

become a forceofsheer,savage fi
and gives no quarter. Characters

hinder, slow of harm
ing until those enter
ing the realm settle ong
all of them ean
avoid them by rolling D
7). Asthey are somewhat

to the chameters' own mo

character suffering 8 dice of
which may be soaked as usual,
turns to find a lager asteroid.
+ Despateing Mean,
This moaning how! ci
cerything that goes on in
nor always consciously
hasan effect on the
the characters ype

should determine what etféct Harano has an the
character's ability to continue the quest. It wold be
unfair t cripple unlucky characters for the remainder
oftheir quest soitisupto che Storytellerto decide how
long the Harano should last or to allow the characters
to find some way (0 alleviate the despair they feel

noc be surprised if severat smaller pieces seem to conspire
against us, attempting to clash together and damage us.
"Though hispiecesare scattered, chey till respond roasingle
commanding intelligence and work together as much as
they are able. When we find a piece tha isa few miles in

ayy jonas

Rage Across the Heavens

diamecer, we muse land on ie nnd attempt to communicate
with Rorg more directly. Unless you are Red Talon or a
particularly savage Ahroun, do not expect a welcome,
‘There is little left among these scattered remains 10
attract anyone, nothing anyone could want, not even
tempting target for comuption, What were once namored to
be pristine landscapes of vast, dark forests plains fat with
amend mountains tich with pewy are now citcing blocks of
barrenniess. In some way, the langest pieces function ws his
‘head and heart, burthe smallerohunks seem interchangeable.

reinainingat his post d
the hatred and cruel
with him. ask all

fl cle. Thifiewhy lean aevept
toallieho come tointerict

pu to keep this in mind as well. Rorg
inter. [nufhet, hie still possesses the
Bute is

wounded beast thae searches
a the inevitable. It makes

His own time is running oot

orture and the knowledge

find themselves
bre may be facing
tobe.
toappeartous,or
he has refused to

Think of when you
pln to the meanest alpha

gt should be givens any say in
sea whar Rony' questioning
srown savagery and pride, he
«bully ou—orhe may

snarlingd-coated wolf with

iver teeth Rorg'samber eyes

roms mouth. He prenwied his

gb hackles praised to fet ulinow beyond any dot

swhoculeshire. The Incimasrapped atanvone who dared come
+00 close him, though he did listen to what we hd to sy.

His oer form was baman, or nearly so, thouigh he

seemed to prefer to remain u wolf most often. Tall and

‘muscled, his hair and beard were wild ind matted, of a dark

auburn color. Hiseyestemained amber, but somehow seenned

«even more feral in this form than the other: On his head be

‘wore w rack of antlers draped with forest geowth or perhaps

the antlets grew there natutally. His clothing seeined made

‘of ree bark woven with wool. The Incamna'seloak was of fur

—rabbit, fox, marten ind such —and his eet were wrapped

in leather. On his hands he wore wolf's claws and his teeth

were filed to points. At hiship, strung upon a belt of twisted

vines, hung a hollowed horn,

ey 2


re ft

Rorg's Hunt

‘Although I told youthar the variousasteroid pieces can
come together, | did not make clear that the Incama can
tsiefly call several of them into an aligament which pro-
vides him with teritory over which to staye a hunt. Whea
hhe does this, cach piece takes on a role. Some become
‘round for us to walk on, others assume the guise of hedges
‘or trees, lakes and hills, while more become the coursing

hounds who accompany us on the hunt. Although Ieannot
reveal to you the details, Rorg will ask us to yin his hunt. It
teup to each of you to accept or refuse. { cannot guile you
im the correct choice: you must decide thar for yourselves
Should we prove ourselves to Rot, like the other
Incams, he might be inclined to help us, either by gi
items of power of through teuching us Gifts. [ know af no
abject he might confer por ux; hes has wo little himaelf

limplote the characters
who blames them fort

he, at leat, lean
Imperium. Again, |

him. They may ref

to anger the Incarna,

who refuses to choose dt

the group to be hunted.

their choices, he looks a

victim and orders that

place. Ofcourse, is posible hath
fora victim and removes one from
to take the victim's place
thaccase, Rong is impressed by:
shows his approval wo uke fi

offers he seesas copycat:

copycat doesn't deserved

agreed to hunt tlony

the prey isgiven afivgninute bead
he leads the remaing cha
— including their comrades. Th :
chase. The quarry constantly hear the hounds jit behind
-cheecoe arn fund Iuhdtiny pisces uttly vo be spoced at

torrun again. Eventually, they run into an opertelearing
‘walled on all sides by trees that close in and refuse to let
them pass. Once the prey strapped there, the Incamaand
the rest of the hunt leisurely rides in:

Obviously, ifthe group breaks aparton whethertosave
‘humans or not and the sfthearred ones become the prey,
these are hkely to be protests from both sis. Those who
‘chose to save a human life must take that human's place or
retum the human to the hunt. Reneging and placing the
human back inthe hunt isthe basest form of cowaedice and
should he met with severe loss of Renown. Some whosaved

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

—_—

The Test of the Hunter

Arun may proven
say that they have

them ought tobe saved and

nagiatention of allowing either them.

\ber that they are in the Incarna's

2 his law The Incarna simply looks
hengthar they have "four minutes,
ind soft they do nox ake light, when
agicksgstriking fist at a human, The
inygand Rorg makesitelear he

gethey stand unless they to
ludeme for Bie hour und youve

to parccipate. If

ie een i: take a human's

the huntedliwell Kefusal is met sith
tame choice i that given it their more sefthearted

trmck down the other churacters, who
iFeey nd therelore the most

are hurting that they are only expested
Paid catch apywith ix in such y
tld ave ‘Fined then. They aren't

hats not tainted by the Wyrt

tches wp (ant Kewl), he gives them only
almost as if playinie Ride and seek ota,

fork apemeainilnivn, dso e
| bowever{$nd some characters could nerually dic. Should
disaster stfike and the whole group completely fails to get
it, instead making a lase stand, Rorg kills them all. The
characters might then awaken and realize they've exper
enced premonition. Thescene forthe hunt begins again
fooa the being, allowing them a vecond chance
‘Characters who make no attenipt to help the humans
gain nothing, but also lose nothing. The "humans," like the:
rest of the prey, are merely other pleces of asteroid, just like
the andecape, Those who lo trytohelpantaketheirplaces
‘ainapointot Honor. Any whoprticipte inthe hunt inthe
true spirit of the hunter of the hunted win Rag' favor

4S

TT,

4 Rage Across the Heavens

OAL AOE SS DT DE IY


we

individual auras and unique patter of thought each belt or
ame contained. fm... content being unable to see the
different colors and feeling when I cross frow one tw another
by the relative temperature

Tnvany cave, despite the variasice in color und temperature,
owe belts moch like is neighboring oneand Idida't find any
of them to be particularly noteworthy. Loos of swirling and
storms. but nor much content. Itseems the patton of the Silver
Fangs contents himself with being the largest (largest what he
doesn't say) and pays litle heed to making each realm int
something amusing, dangerous or different in such a fashion
that regular Garou can take note of it. In this case. the sum of
thepars isnot eaterthan the whole. Then again, perhaps the
grand desgn ts too vast for mélto comprehend. [ find myself!
wishing thar the color bands
hudline what lies beneath. as in
apparently forbidding ridgeape sac
regions below it: Perhaps I atm being
actually has 3 goodly portion lid on
while Zarok must make do with

Despite the fact that we han
these past days, we have usually
along by solar winds. Now we must'

nothing more than ourselves. Thic

We've all gotten sl to matching Oe
Yatious realms' rotations. Ofige upon them,
feces whining coo lia

Here we do, ar rather, we

domain doesn't really rotate like'

‘currents in each region move at th

Great Red Spot. We can attane
rotational speed, but that means we

with another hand that might be righ

relly eases dificlties when yout
specific place, but we will wane to de
since Zavok prefers that we do,

Think of it like this: wefmake our
ccluimning a certain space withitua pale pi
fetish there ard perhaps soupegorplis od
acquired on our We then me
where we meet
matter of crossing from one band dito specific spot in the
second band, the spot that happens to be opposite the area
we are leaving at that exact moment. There might be a
problem if we tried to straddle the two bands
resulting split, as one leg moves away from the other at a
much faster rate. Ouch.

‘Now,consider. We've had our meeting with the Incarna.
temay have taken an hour, We renurn to the spor where we
crossed into the brown zone, having noted unique; un-
chaning features of the region when firse we crowed over
sance we didn't want to get lost. But there's problem, Just

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines

ai

Zarok as Totem

Background Cost: 9
The kingly Zanok is proud to lend poreion of it
magnificence to packs who prove worthy. However he
is unlikely to do 40 unless conwinced that the pack is
well-respected amongits peers; the presence ofa Silver
Fang among them isulways helpful toward this end
Traits: Each member of Zarok's pack gains ain
effective level of Pure Breed when dealing with other
Garou. The pack gains four additional dice in Leader
ship, and woadditional dice in incimidation, Thepack
may alo draw on five pditional points of Willpower
per story. Finally, eaghfone of Zarok's children gains an
cr for purpoges of tesistnygexter-
‘contrel afintimidation
Bor alowed ta duhonor
whieh would lead toa lows of
onal Zak to aba

id so we could find our way back
the brown sone hae a rotation of
ile the fink hel takes clever hours

now facing ange a exim-

‘or fly hackwarde within the
the approximate location and
familiar marks or we can wisit

sre hoping we'll catch up to.and again

like it'« set on solid land.

yearn can form the airinto moreselid
As Zatok is magnanimous, be
{vistors and creates areas in which

fancy thrones, silk banners,

so doc with swslinyaic

incon éhiences, once we remind

sy, Sie asi have ita little

easier heresA tour firs migeting with hen, we can request that
Ihe createfh sone of colidill for ux. Some viitone Foal grove
secure sleeping on a solid surface; for myself, | prefer the
‘comfort of clouds, but | certainly don't mind some sort of
‘tether to make sure I don't drifeaway. I'd hate to drift into the
Great Red Spot and become subject to its hurricane winds.
As | remember, Zarok is large and robust, with ruddy
‘skin. His silver hair and beard are thick and curly and his
frosty blue eyes wreathed with laugh lines. His expression
shows his authoriey and dignity. Zarok dienes in colorful
tobes of state with a fall-length cloak of white wolf fur. He
isnever without some sort of crown, whether an actual gold
crown inset with gemstones ot « crowning aura of light, He

7


eA fh

much enjoyed appeating along with the trappings due a
‘monarch — a huge throne, appatently made of carnelian,
sand a golden scepter topped with rubies and an enarmous
diamond. He abo assumed the form of an immense silver-
white wolf with ice blue eyes, and the appearance of an
enonnous white hawk

Jovial and kind, Zarok always welcomes visitors who
«ome wnthespitit of iendshipund mirth, Heenjoyscompasry
andlikes to grant fs visitors its. Thisienoeo say that Zarok
doesn't posessa serious side. He is, afterall, aruler and parton
of Philodox. Rulers must sometimes make difficult decisions
and his wisdorn is a» evident as his humor. Because of his
congenial and generous sapure, however, many tend to
underestimate Zatok, seeing Hina as little more than a pomp-
‘ous buffoon drunk on his own Wi, Thase fools have nev

seen the Crowned Ong explode intelbombsstc rage. There ig

little more terrifying t
Immense, towering, nay
fable, Many discovered chi

to experienge Zarok in anger —

leahed in the physical realm in fig
barely withstood hispower. Letus Ag
rot cross over into the physical rel
Incarrae toconfront it there. could na
devastation that would enave if that:

Zarok's Grand Cou

When we visi the Incartaiin
aasealm of gigantic proportions,
‘Seen from a distance, the Grand Gui
likean illusion, tscolorfl domes toe
swirline eddies around it until we are cpt
‘tiny mind?seye—orange, red pale ye
thulhousyold crowned doenes tse ato
beaueifully worked stone walls and
stemstones, The entire structure
windows taller than the Eiffel Toghd
alassdepictions of storms and
‘we shall hearadeep, sonorous
fon our atrval. The snel of
and deawous insideasthe pate
to admit us. We are like
immensity of the seracty

Rolie ise aremechot a hall, nj on both sides 00,
reflect the supporting columns andiwe tiny petitioners.as we
wavene its miles long length toward Zarok's throne, Pale
light from crystals set into the walls luminates our way,
leading us unerringly down the center ofa ball that is wider
‘tani foorbulfield slong. Ahead, beyond an intimidatingly
Joxygced carpe ie three brond, marble teps higher than our
heads. Atop them, crowned with golden light and seared on.
hin throne waits Zamk Surromnding him wait beautifully
dressed men and women and several large animals —a wolf,
an albino eagle and a glowing, golden-hoofed horse. He
acknowledges them as hisroyal courtand points outa fewof

Dangers of the Realm

‘The main danger in Zarok's realm is nota physical
theeat, but the intrigue among his court members,
‘These servitor spurts have grandiose plans. The court
consists of the sixteen satellites that orhit the planet:
thespirits of Callisto, Ganymede, Europa, fo, Adrastea,
Amalthoa, Thebe, Leda, Himalin, Lysithea, Elara,
Ananke, Carne, Pasiphae, Sinope and Metis. (These
are not necessarily the spirits' only names; Storytellers
should feel fe to craft theie own names for Zarak's
hangers-on.)

All these courtiers know that Zarok is not merely
another planet, but aismall brown daa (x star that
never achieved engigh mass, then contracted enough
to turn of its mull icine) Father che viewing:
their liege as ata that failedi-bowever, his court sees
hhim as a starithat might potentially become. Many of
them ate ¢ifed/of Kauanl-Sonmak's position in the

Epcarnacsan believe that if they could
‘energy, they might light
themselves would become

planeta hey do sein
ig the court realize whar
oe arity have failed

inca o dismisses it at foolish
unclear (ive. Seoytelter's

5 will want no make use of the

dl fry to involve ther in the scheme

brs co derermine who's who (i's

whethirs supposed conspirator is for

‘and vice versa) and find

Biko late. Should their plot

would assuiehplaceasanother san in

ial Realm, and theiplanet Jupiter in the

eal might also burst into being as a star,

a binary soll system. Never mind that the

‘enemy of the birth of a new star would

destroy the Earth and several other planets aswell and

‘would undoubtedly pulverize and disintegrate the very

satellites who plot theirlord'sascendance. tfthingg can

be put tight in the Umbra, pechaps the physical world
itself can be shaped into.un appropriate form.

Storytellers interested in pursuing this plotline

should acquite information on Jupiter's moons und wie

sttocustomize these personalities. A scenario thrusting

Garouincothesortof viciousintriguesand mancuveringy

of courtiers might makea welcome change from some

‘of the more physical games

# Rage Across the Heavens

in es


we

them, Callisto, Ganymede, Europa, loand others, (Interest
ingly, one of his court is named Metis, bur ir seems to be a
similarity of name and nothing more.)

By now, visitors mighe well fel dispirited and insignifi-
cant, yetstrangely, as we move closer, either we stem to grow
orthehallroshrink until we arenorthe size ofants, but merely
smaller than the Incarnaand hisspirit minions. [tbecomes fa
casierto interact with allofthem once weare of sufficient size.
The Incamna likes to hear stories travelers being hirm and is
more than willing to be hospitable and generous in rewrn for
entertainment and philosophical discussions. He is quite
likely to teach us Giftssuch ns Proclamation of Aetion or give
usa fetish or ralen ro commemorate our visit, As Lang 98 we
show hits the proper deference, Zarokisoneofthe most even
tempered and congenial of the Incamnae. The same cannot
alwys be said of is court.

Once we have =e °

ourn in Zarok's dos

tmzin, we move coward eo —
* 2
a 1 Saturn a
‘Once we move beyond Zarok' % = 3
‘Lu Bat and his glorious rings. The il Counsaloe sonny
spond tothe planet Serum and isthe eon large of the

Frame. Though al the gs giants in che i aye
tings, Lu-Bat's are the largest and most spectacul

guint the darkened sky. While chey locas though Shavings

divided onty intoacoupleofbroad ings with gapwin between,
they ure nctually several separate rings with two. main divi-
stons. In the earthly realm, clin et
tock. balls of now (from bowie sized down ti Bax)
and ice crystals, They circle like a snowstipema ofsemi-salis
snowflakes atounal the body of the planetHlene enogeare a -
Bar's Jagglings. They ring the er
oaibleforutoavoid them altosetherfoethataotnin.

Fase over approximately half ya tough sare
amnony them (0 greet the Inearna,

Though I can no longer enjg their Bay, 1 sil find
pleasare n Lo-Bae' rings becmethey reper ay fh inthe
‘Wland the unknowable riunphing overeold, hard scienee
und the Weaver. According 1 physics/all the rings shold
move mim exacteitclearound the plingt Sexe don', thou

Padjaomne of the diggs ovselep emcfe uals aud ctalgs ool
braided pattem —something the laws of physicssty should be

limpowsble. suppose nobody told Lu-Bat.Alongwith histings,
the Peaceful Counselor also fas a number of moons and

elites, the monein the system. Unlce Zarok, La-Bat has ot
granted his spirit minions the right to his mocns,

Those ofyou whollke the taste of your own adrenaline are
welcome to "ride the rings." Lu-Bat amderstands that there
tus be ourlets for aggression and boredom amd ives fis
permusion forany ofusto synchronize our movement withone
of the outer sings-and hop en. While ir sounds relatively easy,
onceaboandi'shikeridingaskateboard on aroller coaster track

Riding the Rings

‘While it requires only a simple Dexterity roll and
cone success to leap onto a tin as 1 passes. rermainine
atop the ring is adifferent matter, Bucking andswayity
aust moves along, the ring also consists of raya yall
particles. While they all move roughly rogether, the
operative word is "roneh." Irs ike ering to stan on

‘no rope to hangonta, Garou who
aterapt roride theringsmuscroll Dexterity + Athletics
(iit 8) to remain standing. Such rolls are
sud every few minutes. In between balance wls. the
charatéershould have to leap or sidestep some of the
langeepigeeaor be run down by then (since Langer pieces
‘of thi ing totate ot slightly different rates), Some
Gago may contrive vames such as ring eaces to play
Aivorie failing » balange roll, falls down and tay be
Gubject to being run, der or hipby a larger piece of the
Ting, sustaining aigdice of daftage, While such damage
4s pon-ageravated:{t might knock the Garou silly for a
few minutes ind leayelliim subject to even more en
‘Sounters with large debris. Those who botch fall, cain
ix health levels of@lamage as they partiallyslip through
the fing itself nd are also subject to one snshine
sencoantet froin a larger piece of iy rock

Lu-Bat as Totem

Backgronnd Cost: 10

LitBat fas been known to serve as a totem of
Wisdonti € properly approached, although he often
refuses-ich requests. He prefers that Garow find their
sh way and make their own decisions, and will only
‘lees pack's patron if convinced that the pack wi
tise it ws 4 Ceuteb.
| Traits. Batysmntson understandingof rite and
the Kearesiot others is chikiren rake all Enigmas,
Empach atid Occult role 2 difieuty. The Peacefil
"ounseloe fsegeants each hus children an sckitional
poinrot Percepriagiand two povintsof tempoeary Wisdorn,

Ban: Childrestof Lu-Bat are nor allowed to nce
hastily; his packs must always have « backup plan for
every maior endeavor they attempt

or trying to surf @ tsunami. It n't easy, but is fon and
dlangerous, a combination many of our kin find ives

Despite hissise, Lu-Bat is relative lightweight. Tr
the planet weighs about 95 times ts much as Est
that weight is distributed over such a lange aren th
sould find a body of water lage enough toccontain i, Lu-Bar
would lone: Ascordingly, ite gravity & only litle more
than Eshtarra's. Again, it s mainly a gascous world, but we
will not have the same difficulties we experiences! with
Zatok'srealm. Although Lu-Bat maintainshisown dwelling

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 9

ines


ualler division,

rings. Withiny the s

un mony
ings rests « small moon. Knowing that many of those whe
woud travel to his realm ane wed to solid stnactures, Lu-Bat
a » this spocto construct his Counetl Hall. Here we
wil find comfortable quarters where we may stay during our

isit. While there, we may interact with emissaries from all
ho totems of Wadom, who act as ambasiadoes to the

ma and take counsel with him,
my firyt visit ie seemed co me thar Ly-Bar himself

vemed! unampresive after encountering Zaeok. | later reas

xed my initial reaction. The Incama makes1no net

mpere with his gmnadiose neighbor, nordoes

J, he appears quite: normal,

em. He appears to be a

lig with dark skin, friendly
brow bmided infront and Loose
behind tis buck. His artire isa simple long jacket over locke

tanomamented slippers. His urban tssmuall and fastened with

ti-brown stone. The Incarna smiles easi
dand hors. Lu-Bat
fsthe reatest al peration amen th
1 rermibly surprising in one why

50 Rage Across the Heavens

git iciian! Ty,

patron of the Chikiren of Gain, Iroften sumprises others that
he also represents

Ths
Incarnacan be patre

he Ragatash, thou

scannot figure our how
sh donot fully understand
1 brethren, Lu- Pat spealis
of te Ragabash thar manyneveracks
find joy anel acceptance in things they
new things. While it may be strange to chink of
patron of the Ragabash being known asthe "Steady One," we
should remember that eve

ricksters have to have aeent

— from which their hamor arse

u- Bar's main strength liesin that understanding. Whe

‘others may waste themselves in futile battle against foes or
listens with his heart to what the words

tell him ubout them, He then treat
them from the position of knowing what is import
to theman J to hear. This bs not
Luci

last after he has exhausted ¢

d what they ne

intotally puetfistic, merely that he resorts to vi

posibilitie

makes him a

midable opponent and) wor

the other

many Starpirits and totems as well as mest

l


Dangers of the Realm

Although there exists some danger from the rings,
only these who choose to actempe riding them are
affected by it: Lr Bat takes great eare that no-one netually
travels to the planetary portion ofhis realm, where other
dangers may exis. Storytellers who wish to detail those
dangers may dose if ieenhances theie chronicles

‘The chief danger in Liy-Bat's realm comes from ts
very nature. Those who live lives of strife, frustration,
Rage and battle may find the peace of the Incarna's
realm overwhelming. Given tim for reflection and
contemplation in an atmosphere of drowsy quiet, some
Garou fall into a state of complacency and laziness they
éannot seem to break. Despite the werewolves' vielent
nature thore ie always come spark of longing for exactly
the srt of resting-place that Lu-Bat's domain provides
Itisahaven from caresa shelter against the eternal war
the Garou must wage on Gaia's behalf. From providing
-# much-needed lull in the batte, it ean easily become
crippling haven Garou become reluctant ta leave. It's
far easier to hask in contentment and engage in philo-
sophical discussion thac to throw oneself back into red,
aging battle againee the Wyrm. Garou who show any
Inclination toward relaxing completely during their
say in Lu-Bat's realm may enter this state where they
luck the will to leave, undergoing a sort of weitd pose-
tesusmutic hack disorder in which thay willflly ruse
to remember there are dangers elsewhere they have a
duty to fight. The Storyteller should require players
whose characters seem to respond in such a mannet 9
the realm to make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) 4
agree to leave it, Even if such characters manage to
depart, they are at -1 to all tasks until they spend Rage
in a buttle of some sort. This reflects their lingering
dasive far the peaceful kingdoe of Lu.Bat

Should we speak with him conceming the Red Star, it «
porsible he may have some particularly noteworthy insights
into its motives and possible actions. LueBat may olfer us

counsel as well asteach usGiftsor bestow fetishesor talens upon
usif we appear to need such or please him with our discussions.

‘As we move toward the moon where we are t0 meet
‘with the Incarna, you will see brilliant sunlight refecting off

the millions of ice particles within the rings, lighting our
way to the Couneil Hall.

Lu-Bat's Council Hall

Looking ax though ir were raised up out of the moon's
‘material and shaped tofit its purpore asa afterthought, Lu-
Bar's Council Hall folds into, rather than dominates, the
landscape. Unless you were specifically looking for it, you
‘might miss it altogether or dismiss it ay just another hill,
(Only by looking closely can you see the door and window
‘openings. Just inside the main entryway lies a large oval hall

from which several passages radiate like the spokes of a
wheel. We will be given rooms along dite of these wing.
temember the quarters as being pleasant but not evctly
grand. Each looks out on to a scene of the
breathtaking view for those who can enjoy it can just hear
the faint, soporfic sound oftheir continual whisring ss they
move pats sind exn imagine them again as frst sae then,

Plearant, calming scents perfume the air here. eminis
cent of sandalwood of amber and underlying the sound of
the rings, soft tones. of rma float through the ar, rounding
briefly, then gradually fing away ta be replaced by another
tone. As | remember {t the lighting in the hall parrially
reflects the sun-warmed bronze yellow of the rings, hur there
exists a greenish undertone to it as well that promotes
harmony. Now I simply feel its warm kiss army si
The oom where Li-Bar'scouneil meetsopens nit
the entry hall and is itself eircular. Central to the hall
isa lower area where those who wish to speak in council
gatherand sear themselves upor:comfortable cushions. The
Incarna generally takes a central cushion and acts a facib
‘ator for the council meeting. Radiating outward from the
central bowl are rows and tiersof rivers, each cushioned and
slightly higher than the next one davin so that sil may have
few of the proceedings. Like-a Creek amphitheater, the
1acousticsareso fine thatawhisperftom the couneil bowl can
be clearly heard in the highest tier seats, Hes
say be whispered without all being privy to them. Fo
reason. some of the less apen Incr
together in Lu-Bae's Council Hall, fearing their secrets ruay
‘madvertently be betrayed there

From the quietand reflective domain of La Bat we now
foumey to the enigmatic realm of Rust.

Ruatma

Incarna of Uranus

As we follow the star toad to Ruatma's real, you may
notice that it becomes more fluid! in nature until we are
uly moving along through water. Though at frst it fels
«xk, you'l find that we can travene its easily ax ou normal
paths. I've nlways wondered ifthis is Ruatia's and Shonta's
way of peeping us for theis realms [feel the pull of Rus
tealmalrenly so am certain youcan see it ahead of us Many
Slaawed One fet finned tsb
ness [used to enjoy seeing its cool, pule blue green surface
framed against the blackness. Although more lificule
make our than LueBar'splorious showcases, Ruarma also has
ating, Uhuave heard du the planet' atmosphere extends up
into the ting and i is slowly disintegrating, however
Roatma corresponds to the planer Uranus, the lease
‘understood and most mysterious of all those sn the system.
His unchanging featurelessness, which hides whatever lies
below it, seems appropriate for ome who is patron to the
Shadow Lords and Theurges. Ruatma és a watery world in

the earthly realm, Itconsistsofa simple rock core, waeer and

, however,»

no secrets
this

refi ts meet

sty uber

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines St

nis


ee

ee AZ

Ruatma has mken great pains to make cerrain there
are no overt dangers in "his" domain, The last thing che
Thearma wants is to attract unwanted attention to her
hidden world. While this makes travelers less likel
attacked, it also makes a journey ro the world a trifle
boring for heavy action types. Here. there are no physical
threats — at least, not initially. The only real danger in
the domain is Ruta

‘The Incama posesses secret prophecies regarding both,
the metis chikl and the Red Srapipronhacies che has not
‘shared with the @thet Incamse. Théseindicate that the fate
ofthe chikl and thjtar are serch lied. Acconding to
her studies, Ruatena hyituncovered evidence that leads her
to believe that the cfildiwill (with rhe slgbrrpidance, of
our) become sn entity nin asthe Shadow (Queen

‘While she wishes 1) eeailhyarm jy cone to Gaia,
Ruatma wants to become moreimipamanti the chemo
things. She sees ber road vo doling the by
sruardinn, teacher and axivisor wo ee ents eid
seesno treachery in this; she foelaltomy fae tht sell!
take wha is de ber- Any al ahe may fer t, them

treyond leaving the eile exe i fae nt
matter how useful it might netually be: She is simply setting
them up o tase her and evenly turn the chile to
her. At some point during thelr visir, Ruta may -
ppmach one or more of the hamsters to sous Urn out
‘about the wisdom of entrusting théehild to her: She pois
out that she can hide che child Betrer shan any' (tbe
Incama nd ulso educate the child fromiher oWin vast store:
of arrane knowledge. Some chacastems may een fee! that

Incarma ts right (and she is, up toa point. thé problem
is het ambition to become the power behindthe thine).

she cannot convince thecharetéts to support hit,
however, Riintma will noginane them goirkg anywhere they

charac

atmosphere. It hes tipped over on iss by over 0 degrees,
meaning that one fits poles faces thesun, then itsside, then
its other pole ag s0 on. The planet rotates in retrograde
imotion — the opposite direcgion from most of the other
planets. Here in the Aetheridil, it remains much the same,
which causes its moons to orbit in odd patterns. When one
of the poles faces the wn, the moons circle in concentric
‘rings as if creatinga giant target with the planet asa bullseye.
‘When it is side-on, the moons travel around the equator in,
a vertical fashion, tmveling up and over, down and around,
When the other pole faces the sun, it reverts to its target
‘pattem, bur the moons citele in the opposite direction: All
this change in the moons tends to attract attention to chem
rather than to the plan which seems bland and unincer-

esting n comparison, This makes the Incarna quite happy.
He likes nothing better than obfuscation and diseraction
thar allows him to keep his true depths hidden.

52

Dangers of the Realm

sight bab what they know to anyone else. She orders her
sentinels to imprison the characters further hack in the
ccavemsand to keep them from escaping by anymeansshott
of killing them. Ruatma does not traly want to slay the
characters, a8 she knows they are Gaia's defenders, she
simply wane more time to peratade heen that dhe iright
The characters will not be mistreated, simply held aguinst
thier will. They ean eseape the situation either by waiting
‘until Ruatma tumshers attention ebiewbere and defeating
the sentinels wha guard their cell ge by convincing the
Incamatheyhave come atound toler way of thinking (10t
0 easy, but a possibility)
To fool the incamaflthe character.shust make a
Manipulation + Subtgfuige roll (ditficalfY 10). A single
ess will cause Ruaiiia fo experigfie doubt anid she'll
‘Become more inclined tw believethiegharacter'ssincerity
‘Four more roll total are needéd ver n period of rime in
"onde to conviice thé Incartik completely. Each
- degree | ry thik the last so fen as the roll
wicee thie secon roll isa 9, the thind at 8, ete.)
Ifany of these rglla ste fluBhed, che difficulry rises eo ies
ietineteve ndbieharscter mint begin again. Once he
"Believes that a chiuracter supports her plans, Ruatma frees
Aimy If any roll is ever botched, Rustma catches on to
© hut tharcharocteristryingtado. She will noespeak with
the character again, instead initeucting the sentinels to
provide for hist, bur not tote hien escape under any
inges, cher chardétets who have pained the
Shadowed Ones trast may have to assist such a character
oetdape, OncofieeiafRustana's realm, ropinllers of what
ishey kisow) the [neaena does hot pure them, preferring
tm hideletielfever more thiyoughly and trust that others
won't beligve the chanieters,

While wenn toxich down on soe of the raouns, we will,
find woehing to interes there. Idem' mean there ane cw
structures there; infact, heBpposite struc Scattcredabout the
moons lie ancient ruins, intriguing nler-looking structures,
weird nane-covered obelisks Sind enticing underground bun-
lees. [think the [neuen craton thoes bn ore moet familar
with solid land to be distracted by these and stop to investigate
ther: Inside res danens fel items har seem ws though they
should do something, yet they cannot be made tw function.
‘Strangely shaped furnishings complete the tmage of an alien
‘community'soutpost thathas been tnexplicablyabandoned. In
fact, ital means nothing. If we fel more comfortable on dry
land, the Incama won't stop us fro staying in one of the
buildings for a time. <0 1 spp hey serve a pupae afterall

‘The Shadowed One's true lair lies within the depths of
his blue-green sea, a planet-sized ocean on a planet over five
times the size of Earth. It should come as no surprise that if

Rage Across the Heavens

AY


ne A

Quatma as Totem


A th

The Real Quatma

Although Runtma isalways referred toas male, the
Incarna is, in fact, a female spirit. She allows others to
peteeive her avmale because she understands hat even
among higher beings, there exists prejudice that equates
che male principle with strength, stamina, ability, greater

vcal knowledge and oven higher intelligence and
the ubility to keep secrets. She knows thi
Lords would have less respect for her, is would many of
the more traditional Theurges if they knew, 20 she
simply dosn't tell them. Should anyone uncover her
sectet before she is ready to reveal iy she might be

empted to incarcerate him (as she does those who
iscover her other plans). For now, the Shadowed One
he greatest mystery of herrea

have long suspected thar every bit of news he gathers he
telatestwotherbitsof knowledgeand thereby receivesamuch
anger picture than any single bit could give him by itself. he
‘eparticularly pleased by what we have tosay, he might even
te induced to part with a fetish or talen, though he usually
fexjuites some srt of service oF quest t0 do x0.

Quatma's Shadowed Caverns

Though the realm seems featureless tous, Ruatmaa
himself know it intimately and will lead us to the caverns
We must sitoply trust him, for we cain barely tell up from
ddoven, east frou west in this murky realm. I don't recall as
ruchas Lmight ubout the caverns, for felt wery intimidated
when {visited before, After swimming for whar seemed like
days. ever downward, changing ditection seemingly at rin
dom, wearrived acthe opening to Ruatma'sstranyghold, The
interior wos barely visible due to the heavy shadows, which
began just beyond the entryway. Ruatma provided us with,
small globes of some pinkish substance thar glowed feebly.
They illuminated the way just enouigh for us tosee where we
were stepping, but no real derails of floor, ceiling or walls
Once within, we followed what seemed to be a nuatural
caver intoaneven larger cave. Here Ruatma seated himself
pon.a throne that looked as fit were carved from aquamna-
and gathered his cloak about himself so that all his
features were hidden, Only after we had been therefor sorne
Uele while ant our eyes adjusted if | notice all the silent
sentinels, spirit beings apparcatly made of water anal match
ing the coloration exactly

We were expected to tell the Inearna chigs he didn't
knw, Occasionally, he would voice a question o ask about
sother subjects. We olten had no knowledge ofthe subjects
he requested. In retui, we were allowed 10 ask for his
knowledge. Mose questions he instructed one oF wncither of
the sentinels to answer, but once or twice he himelf
answered. Lhave no idea how eommplete hisanswers were, but
Tay felt that he could have told us tore had he wished
to, When thatsingle interview was finished, he limissedus,

instructing a sentinel to lead us again tothe surface and see
thar we were comfortable. He told us we could remain in his
realm if we wished, but that he would not meer with usagain
tuntl we had more information to impart. {fervently hope
thar what we have learned from the ocber Inearni and what
wwe know of events n the world will be enough to purchase
what he knows of the Red Stat!

Once out of Rustma's murky domain, we move to
smother watery world, but Shanta is vastly different

Shantar

Incarna of Neptune

Another gianc awaits.us swe uppeoach the outer runge
ofthe inner Aetherial system, though iisthe smullest of the
four, Like Rusatma, Shantar isa water work Unkike i de
plinetary Ineama who corresponds to Neptune seems like
wold friend to visiton from Earth, Sometimes called the
"other" dark blue planet, Shantar
Like the Earth, fromm  discance she
clouds above her deep cerulean ocean. The illusion shatters
‘we move closer and you can see that there aro no
corresponding green and brown land formations.

Again we nse ravelshrough awatery environment to
‘meet with the Incarna, and again that water is well below
freezing in the physical world, We move through it because
Shantar allows usto and protects fom the frigid temp
‘ere that prevails here, We are not procected from the storm
system thar move across Shantar's equator. Like the Great
Red Spot om Zarok, Shantar possesses » Great Dark Spot
framed by shining white clouds. Ictoo isa lange asthe Earth
‘aud flowy urn he planet in the upporite directien from
‘Shuantar's rotation. Shancar's hurricane beats out Zarok' ain
terms of sheer force, however, with winds ten times those of
such storms en Earth, So, anyone with foolish kleax ahout

Shantar as Totem

Background Cost: 8

Although the Locm Maker is somewar alten by
human standards, she (stelatively approachable asa pack
totem. Ifapackis willingto go tothe trouble toreach her

andl ask her favor, she usually agrees (providing there are
noknee jod anti Weewur crusaders among the peck)

Traits: Shantar encourages her children to be
creative nnd inventive. The pack receives two extra
dice on Repair, Crafts and Computer rolls. Further:
more, Glass Walker Giftscost one lessexperience point
tolearn forShantar'schildren. Finally, ench ef Shantars
chiklren gain one extra die to any swimraing tolls, or

nny rolls made to navigate the Weaver's Web.

Dam: The Loom Maker changes her children to
heal rather than hart when dealing with the Weaver.
She often gives her packs dangerous quests to cut
‘Wyrm: influence away from the Webs,

4 Rage Across the Heavens

a,

TT,


Aimer ctr enzy,


ee A Ae

Dangers of
Because Shantar is a proponent of the Weaver, she
has allowed her Penumbra to touch upon the Weaver's
Actherial domain and occasionally Weaver spirits come
through into her realm. Attracted to constructed items,
these spirits may converge on the shelrer built for the
charactets of on some other place the chameters have
gathered. The characters are probably aware of how
‘Shantar feels about the Weaver and muy be reluctant to
confront these spirits lest digy insult the Incara. Url
they do, however, the ypi rampant, calcifying
whatever they todgh and! ali en et webs, This
‘might include soméb{ the charaetit rate
Certainly, should a éhitmacter leave
ter he wil ree to id
fight to tetrieve it, The Woodlnews is th
wants to heal and restore she Weaver,
sarily want Weaver-spirite manning
She will not be angry wie =
Weaver spirits or who find. some Way
‘back to cheir own realm,
* Weaver Taint
OF wienter day
‘acters may alread
cout the inner sy
with the planetary Inearnay!
oc enro special Wemsaattaeiiatind talens. Some may
even have used them and found thar they enjoy having
such extra power, And thigis the:thip, Wien they begin
depending «rv chings eather than | the Garou
may besowe more coutplacem amd een they can
overcome just aboucanything Atsomepaint during their jf

stay. Shantar will a a
sol mnt te to vee Bim

enc. Although she incorporaigesWi craspervotheebiay thie
Incarna doesn't peat ‘more than we do,

TheLoom| Maker esfoysinveracting with visitor, particu.
lly fthey can show hér anythingshe has neverseen before —
A new invention, a fetish she is unfamiliar with of even a wool
‘of some sort. Visitors can definitely feel her affiniey for the
‘Weaver in her love of creativity, but she also maintains a
distance from the Weaver's doings. Most of her planet remains
untouched and her creations are incended to further Gaia's
aims rather than conflict with them. Shantar does believe the
‘Weaver has been unfairly condemned. though, and like the
Wialkersahe favors, the Loom Maker hopes toreclaitn the
Weaver and restore her toher rightful place inthe Triat, She
isphilorophical enough to realize that many Garoudo not fel
this way, however. While she may try twoonvince usotherwise,

ae
L

she will forgive us d we continue to mistrust the Weaver: If we
ly Rage Across the Heavens

TI,

the Realm

‘be greedy. fn such a case, Shantar will try to oblige the
ccharactet to some degree, peshaps giving him a talen or
revealing where he might find something similar some-
where els (in effect givinghimthe chance to quest frit)
{f the Garou wants something to increase his own pawer,
pere inthe danger that hee hasteetetes tooclore

to the Weaver and been caught by acquisiiveness and a
ee for power, The character imist make a rollan
ence (difficlyy 8) and achieve two

however,

is Is an afilic
which

on, GQ necessarily the same as
re stuatig of having the
. ei)

et Taing@annot take any action
Ineffect, they need
that they can succeed

Jndortunately, the only cure
ry tem, fetish, tlen and
ee him into an immediate
iy nearly bere atthe
ne tak ng his teams the fight

w. Sc Bing he charcoal

ood accident may
woul lif getmainly it woukd cause
ng the bal, the sipped charter
Bone solid, damaging hit on his oppo
tems in order to be cured. Once
the character's tems may be

he wl pire some of them

us sotne of her enations or teach us Gifts,
Although she will create a shelter for us and has»
stronghold, we will probably meet with the Loom Maker
at her pool of wisdom. Be prepared: it may not be the
Great Darke Spot, but it's close! { wondered last time if
his was the Incarna's way of testing our bravery and ome
commitment. Pethaps itis.

Shantar's Pool of Wisdom

Thisstrange, deep bloc eddy is less than aburricane, bur
more than-a whirlpool. lr les just outside Shantar' strong
rol. We must cross through itat an angle that allows usto
just skirt the edge, while turning our attention rothecenter,
where the Incama constructs her creations. Hete she sores
many of the iteme she hae made ab well a the plans for

myo


Cotueracting thetw and [dew on new object. [rb netuall Beyond Shantat'srealm. wehaveanly aoe more inearna
more like a workshop than anything els i

; im ; Meros

i isici en naka coteee Incarna of Pluto

We are near

albeit  strunge

| tell you that
ust immedi

plication:

TEE
explore and interact with Shantn

site willing
both the

share her knowledge with those
deste snd the A

the look of plastic bags stretched over blue coloted water f the Wanderer. Where a her
but | can attest from experience that should the Incama —_planetsrevolve around the sun in roughly circular oebits, th
uk f any item, if assumes a more normal restless Incima takes up an erratic elliptical orbit chat is als
soar de her realm nuled, taking tr our of the « and sending i inside

ith the Incamaconcem- —Shantar'sorbit for years at a

on

ag philosophy, Garou practices, the Litany and its origins, and Shantar doesn't capture Meros as a moon only because
he Weaver's tole in creation or anything cle. Like Lu-Bar, the timing of their joumey em fioen one
Shintar is very open to any subject thac is not directly another. When Merosts inside Shan

trimental to Gaia and the other Incamae. 1¢ must' be underneath and dow his orbit. Nonetheless, t
inderstood, however, that she isa staunch supporter of the isn't hard to imagin: ll Meros the Homeless One
Weaver—thisdisconcertsmentleast, ndbecarcfulthatyou Ashe is patron to the coms appropriate
vc let (Cause too much fiction, Nevertheless if we can Biers appoint asa gan World Witi'a few brownilt

coh our tongues, there is auch eat Shantar can te

ch us. orange splotches andshining polar ice caps. From distance

=
Foo

k
u

»


oe AA

Meros as Totem

Background Cost: 7

Trismuch moredificult forapack roactually reach
Meron toask his parrcnage than it sto convince him of
their worth, The wandering Incarnaisusually willing to

serve we putron to 9 pack, assuming that they under.
nt ll dha exanls

‘Traits: Children of Meros find iceasier tonavigate
the Dark Umbra; each onégains-1 dificultyo any die
rolls dealing yith the land ofthiegleadorts inhabitants.
They cannot ose theit way, staan Find thei way to
ony destinaniongiven time (alehiugh the route fs not
‘necessarily the shares or safest). Thepack gains three
dice to Enigmas andOcculc rolls, nddlench pack eiem-
ber gains rwo pointsf temporary Wilda

Ban: Meros expects childecn totravel/ inorder

broaden their mind Poel nat spe fox,
vnths out of every yea Mom the rail"

Dangers of the Realm

The dangers Mero' realm come wit fm within,
hufonnoutside. Wyld spirits constantly intr warping
and (wisting areas to cheit delight. Unfortunately, tealsa
delights Meros to some degre itsives hima "new"ane J
co explore, This meangethat Mets duthilin is gradially |
becomming "wider and leseatable- Eventually, soesehing
will have to be done about it Meanwhile, the characsers
could find themselves embroiled in some intersetions
wid the Wyss moving inte the deat
"The greatest dangers ure shame wh might
‘rand take over the realm while Mero isabsen,
for the Red Star might secsmigh an
rericetprecinertothen ado serurytmoe Nee
Realm. Characters might fetum with the frcara to his
realy only to find i ld gains hem IF het way back
ties alonga year roadfrom Mewes' domi, they may be
‘flock, fn such age, ic might tieonsicerable time to
locate another gtr road andifegr wher ici available
Further, the chanicters might become embroiled ina war

with whoever has wwurped Mero realm.

he even looks deformed, more like a barbell than a globe
‘Coming closer, however, you ean see that the other part is

actually Me moon, Charon. It orbits so ¢lose to the
planet that the ewo often seem melded together when
viewed from cermin angles. Unlike the gas giants who.
populate tts neighborhood, Meros isa rocky world more like

lanetsorsnme ofthe moons ofthe larger, nearby
Incarnae. In those who dispute Meros' right to call
himself a plan Incarna (and there are some who do so)
point othe facr that hiscomponenstsand those of Shantar's
largest moon Triton are identical. They say that Meros was

pe
:

58
———

fonce merely a moon, but managed to escape Shantar's
vygilance and yet himself up as an equal of the Incarrse
Naturally, che Wanderer disputes this claim,

"Though mae primarily of tock and ice, Metos does not
‘require visitors to suffer the extreme cold and lack of breath
able atmosphere that are che realities of his existence, He
invitesthose who would visit with him to ravelalongside isa
a he journeys through the Actherial heavens. He keeps no
fermanent dwelling and makes none for travelers. Should

iny of us wish to set up an encampment fora day ora year, he
would nnt object = longas we gtused nodamage rohisrealm,
bbucat some point, he would'expect us to gontinve onward,

The quintesserital traveler, Meropi the onfy Incarna
who will leave his eee body foetany length of time in
order to sojoura/€lsewhe: the other Incamae
believe th # Mero ondichtis weakens all of them,

ei toring him greater
n elsable to better conuidet
igen solutions to

1 the ibe he tts gato wo by
‘one of them-He ual form 1s as 0

. hathokbapolhed
sen walks andes the staff, answers
vo visions, which tppear within the
carabshe wears isin actuality one
inions who afgwers when summoned.
follows 50 fw of the rules governing the
# and becaule his, travels can be so erratic,
a repli sdomewhat unreliable. His
realin'spenumbratodches upon the W yldregion of Aethertal
space, which may acedunt for his less than stodgy attirudes.
He prefers solitude to fSblish company, freedom to restric»
tion, movement to stillness and philosophy to untutored
action. In this, atleast, he resembles Lu-Bat. He has far mere
restless energy thim the Peaceful Counselor, however, and
feels compellest toward wandering.

Meros' Mystic Path

Rather than' having a single meeting place, Meros
considers that anywhere isa place that might be suitable for
converse, Heenjoys having comradeson the road who speak
with him about important oe inconsequential matters and
who seem to learn from theit journey. Such trips start frm
the central point of his planer and quest outward in any
direction he feels he may wish to travel. Thus the route
chaneesconstuntly. One day he may wish vo go eart and sce

Rage Across the Heavens


wee AA

Other Regions an? Phenomena

Numéfousother regions lie within the Actherial Realm. Among these area Wy dates of pace
and a pittion offiace belonging to the Wyrm. Various other phenomena alse occupy places withi
eveything froin éemets and iggeroids to pulsars, more distant stars and wnchorheads,

The Wyld Reaches

nthe area givetiu¥er tothe Wyld, all physical laws break down and pure creative chaos seigns. Literally anything
mightbefound then. Garou staying for more than a day within the Wyld realm begin to experience che tmpulse to
clagticallyang forget what they are therefor. They beyin to resist having things around themselves thar are not purely
raaital ond peitige. Onee this tage begins, channescrs nigh tke Willpower roll (dsfieulty 8) to force themselves to
leave Wyld paces

‘The Weaver Reaches

In the Weaver Realm, all randomness ceasehun bey haradtergare subject to most physical laws with the exception
of the vacuum of space, needing to breathe atl having toca' Univisgionce again applies as they enter Weaver space.
Luckily, so many Webs exist there that itis patible fg Ehuseiccafs to.<limb to anywhere they need to go and keep

vclves from falling through space. Thoselho stplanger thai divin Weaver Space begin experiencing the desite
to create things ftom other objects (like making Magy chats Cut Of flowers), Soon. they begin to resist performing any
uctions not leading to the making of something ipdhey titust make Willpower rolls to escape the Weaver
Realm, just as they did for the Wyld Realm.

The Wyrm Reaches

Several manifestations of the Wyrm exist in the Actherial Realm. Massive Wyrmbolesdot the Wyrm Reathey here
and there, two with attendant hives of Black Spiral Dancers, A few Garou have reached « thesty feganding the mote
distant Wyrmhole. They believe that it also serves asa wormbole in space, opening onto anatherdimenstan or anather
galaxy. According to their theories, Anthelios emerged from that wormhole our on the very edges of thi inet Actherial
‘system, crishing into this space from another galaxy. Those who think this believe than the keyiti the red spar's
destruction may lie within the far hive or even heyond ie through the wormhole and in ee galaxy beyond

Storytellers should feel free to customize these and any other portions of the Aethe#tal Reilii te: alt theie
individual chronicles.

something he hasn't had time to explore before; another will cell anyone interested. it isn't the destinition that's
day, he'll insist on goingnorthsothathecan reach acertain important. its the joumey ituelf — the di
spo hereceiveda revelation aboutsomething. Avhe amusements, the lessons learned.

Chapter One: Dance of the Celestines 59

i



Yeu sy you dont bev in astrology, my fine young cubs? such populriey precisely bea
Look younelf whenever Linashows de faccwoulerubichyeuwere path 10 follow. "Travel with care
fo, which me your you xpi

hike fircenessof yoru Canou boodand yoxrnerves ing We." Prechewel me
ona theigheof he moon's phases, dt the eaves haw That i not wha aay is about — nex the ove lau of he
ffect om yo. Travel othe homes ofthe Star sins ard the vats aves, thee set when
fhe Caletines who re the planes al her tha she inlucnces I
pesouer ther ser

they gue their readers @
ng the following week
Tell me, then, as you hawt —Accepe adeice from at old filend. A new fore wil enter your

a placed the suas onthe taut verbena,
ne, atthe request of your sepeleader or
awithoutleavingarace.'mauretheywould — yeu pack leader— or for some ether reason yon chonse to heft
ear yo sary hat — if you dare. yuseelf

ecrure you! Well forme th

every al
Who am

‘ns orer to haar somethin abou these nam ofthe Enul
i Famarravelng — Tames. "Gowalkeo Rigel Walks-che-Suars," someone his sa

oLvinsmcioniphlessper,amissionaryofsitewberbarcherene "She san explain all abun the new sur en tke mina and the
the tak of awakening mortals wo the ue ats of stsr-speech. Most dstertumcesithe Atherial Realm. She might lounu how touertthe

fuonans have grown wary uf believing m anything that doesn't rely docans carl int the heavens' belly
en rational evidence. For them, astrology belongs on a musty shelf Well, 1
shuther debunked and dcredited

t. Not entirely. I don't have all the answers,
1 do have 2 a bferome of
ad alchemy. based on many years spent
Oh, in the past century, the whole
has sparked a new interest in

ies of helicf such as magic, yet. Wh

A
We mavel in the dark of the mew: moon
A starry highuy eraced on the map of the sky
Like bers and heroes,
Lonely as the eagles ery
We've only at home when we're om the
Rush, "Dreambine |

Age movement "adopted" member. Maybe some of what I can tell you wll

lands of oxld belief systems help you come to your own conclusions a to wh
sed mortals whom he Umbra oes: Maybe you

4 astrology don't veally derstand ther do about e, if anything mde

dject. Either chat, oF they capitalize on the huoman need far ty eer art oy exploeigsthae ha heir acid

direction aid sense m thir universe. A those daly mewspa- — — whether mah on fcton, its wd

fer ohms thet chin m dhe stars erry ethers, Wches anal ches pry eet from a

2 fs going on

mint of the starry

wn discover sumethany. we ca
is possible

1 give you ace f

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 61

rT

Lr ———


s0 yow'd.do well to earn wha they believe Ifyou brady know some
of this, be patiene with those aman s uho heit
Later; Lui tell you some thing abou ona Fowledge, the tae sar
widow, Bue fst, we mst Ly the goudwen,

Astrology

ons by the sun nnd ra
jckeposts for travel

in the heavens brought about
Astrology means th

disrepute, replaced by
labeled the practice a
divination — those who

ths lie
ugh rat
cate that thy

actos the sky. Ven

arking the passing of
ing the patterns of star

anges on the ear
Through
who undersmnd

Ac eve yreater nnd

and Kepler

lence — ili
in the solar
ailto perceive
he san risen

pattem. Scientific accuracy takes second place to spiritual

ad


eee AA

orld, but the metaphysical one. In the universe of magical
laws and correspondences, astrology served a valid purpose
inthe post. Many believe that it sill does.

Unlike humans, we don't hypothesite er guess. We
{know that uth in one dimension often reflects the teth of
another. The ability to step sideways into the Umbra, 0
scientific "impowibility," proves that more than one set of
Jaws govern the universe In thie Uinbra, the principles of
human leaming give way to other laws — oer laws.
When we tmvel in the Umbra, we are have intimate
nowledge of the correspondence and interrelationship
between Gaia Her creatures drrshe samie fashion, those
‘sho travel to the Aetherial Realm percetve the subtle
éemancionsof the stars planetsand other heavenly boxes. In
that otherworldly place where the star spirits have their
hones, dhe "haw of satrology — rather thas the laws of
physics — have substance,

Origins of Astrology

‘Western human astrology, with its twelve signs of the
‘ovine and ts emphasis on the placement of the sun at the
motnent of birth, began in Bubylon. There, astrologers
nated the positions ofthe planets and dividad che dky into
Aistinct houses, named aeconding to te nearest star patterns
suchas the ram, the Hon oF the scorpion. The Alexandrine
Greeks influenced by Babylonian astrologers, further codi-
fied atralogy, enhancing it with kaowledge taken from
Egyptian philosophers. Astrology, in conjunction with magic
and alchemy, provided u formidable body of metaphysics
though which humans could view, manipulate and actin
accuwlanes with the natural ordee

Easter astrology developed along different lines. The
Chinese developed a 60-year eyele made up of five [2-year
sequences which pair the twelve animals of the Chinese
zodiac with the five elements earth, metal, water, wood
and fire, Indian astrologers use a combination of the
zodiac with its nn 28-mansion lunar cyele.
learning of Tibet represents a union of Eastern and
Western astrology, using the Indian (or Kastoi) method of
solarand lunardivisions of the year in conjunction with the
‘Chinese (Nagtsi) concept of the great cycles

The Celts, by compre, paid particular attention to the
of standiny stones to mark the exact moments of the
selstices and the equinexe». None und Slavie peoples, like
their Get of Fenris protectors, marked the lunar phases bat
ale rceagnized the prominence of Polaris, the North Star.
Native Americans and the Gatow of the Puce Lands called
the Pleiades the Seven Sisters and honored the sun, moan
and stars in their own cetexonies

In samy way all of these peoples grasped a portion of
thetruth. In many ways, they were blind, But as Uavesaid,
those others of power, those bom among humans who
believe in the occult learning that the humans have devel-

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars

Cultural Astrology
and the Thirteen Tribes

The Garou do not doubt that celestial events inl

ence their lives, Thear relationship with Lane stands os
testimony to their connection co the heavens. Each
taibe, however lssltscwiepattisay jx
of the cultural underpinnings of thet origins.

‘The Black Fics, with their roots in Hellenic culture
daw on the Graeco-Roman legenudscoenmmon to Western
ssuculagy. They pry particular attention to the const
tions they attribute to female figures such as Andromeda
Diana (their name for Orion) and Cassiopeia aa wells to
their totetn, Pegaas. The Bone Gnawers, Glas Walkers
snd Chuildertof Gana descent trcagh the carkiest
‘Mesopotarniancivitistionscf Sumerian! Babylon, which
honored Capella (che Goot Star), Hx (the Water
‘Serpent las identified with Tiamat) and Siew (the Daag
Stat). These more urban tribes ae wety of wala elses
which chey say forte an increase in vampite activity

‘The Fianna, i aition to honoring the moon after
the fashion of their Celtic ancestom, alae have a special
fini with Uisa Major (which theyefertoss Ihe Mla)
anid the Corona Borealis (the Northem Czowen) whic
ratks the home of the Incama Arianttuxd, The Get of
Fenrig, Shadow Lords and Silver Fang, with tei rot i
the Nore and Slavic cultures of caste bumpe, toes
special attention on Una Major, Lisa Minar, Polaris snd
‘Corvus (the Crow). In particular the Getta Usa Mt
Fenris, not some weanling bear. The Silent Strider draw
their asrolagical imagery from Exyptian versions ob the
‘constellations; the manciation with Sirius and the flooding
ofthe Nile once marked thebeginnizygo the Eypeian yee

‘The Uktenaand Wendigo acknovledye the Pleia
esas the Seven Sister ad view the Milky Way isthe
ancestor' pathway «0 the heavens. The Red Talons,
whoo not claim human origins at all, respond as theit
wolfKinfolkdo to the changingphasesofthe moon and
to other tnajor fioctumal phenomena. Some of the
Talons have an attunement with Sisiusand Polat fo
which they have their own names. Mote tinportantly
the Talons will often enter citées to kill on nights of
lunar ecipaes, believing that Ginttn is ekesaking Lana
with his wingsin ordertogive them shadows ton by

view bee

Finally t should eno surprise that the Statynzers
tte the pioneers of Garou astrological thought, anu rely
little an human astrology. Even 90, they
respect for their Kin's concepts sac ast
fof the Chinese zodiac us wells
divisions of Tibetan and Hinds ast
that the cribe once manta
‘oreties, most of which have fallen into disrepair. F
such a place, it's id, u tly enlightened seeker could
watch the furure unfold asthe golen stats moved

ld

reat cycle
funae and solar
Leger sie
ed many great Umbra


Umbral Astrology

dow

dhe con

tom with the srs an planets
parcculerly in the Aetherial Realm
ane the Starspeits, On

the harmonio

Here, the spiritual that deerme
vonfluenice between earth ant sky and between individuals
une che cosmos come tw the fore. It i in the Aetherial Realm
thar our own knowledge i of greatese urliy
mong. yt ts pula. Die ox think thue we
i f ‘and planets and. more
m f ad des. Our astrology
" 7 ese In

ely endtees rate the attention we Caron pai to the skies, On
— amusing, inti, hea close to the tut
My pont i, the astrological systems

ship tothe cosmos apply m

fae. The mth ea een
he comstellains ana the signs of

that gave vse othe nan
the todlac refer tothe history and culture of the human race

Becantse we share a bod of flesh and bond wi Kinfoik
‘we, 100, ean appreciate thse legends, bus they have less mesning
for us than over wm Jeuneledge of the celestial rules

Let me explain

The Luna Effect

Westem astrology revolvesaround the perceived move:

of the sun through the rwelve signs of the Zodincal
Belt. For humans, this makes a kind of sense, since they
flourish in the sunlight and, until the invention of artificial
regard the night with suspicion and fear.

fro geveu

wuches our and makes

posible (o reconcile both our human and wolf selves.
‘That is why the star-watchess among us observe a hinar

cyclerhat begin with the fire fullmoon after the spring

Rage Across the Heavens

ier 7


eA Sth

Exch lunar month (fom one full moon to the next) hts for
cather 29 0 30 days This results in a lunar year a 355 days
epposed tothesolar year of 65 days, and difers fom other Lunar
‘yclesthat se the 28-day passe of the moon around the earch
asthe basis fora L3-month lunar "year." As you can gus, our
years hundly comespond ro the arbitrary calendar year of 12
‘months. Instead, ou lore depends on the actus postion of the
stv in the hewers. rather than on a mere convention foe
marking the pasing of time, for ts astrological pudeponts
Measuring the passage of rime hy using the phases ofthe moon
as milestnes makes it posible to une the efcets of such
aatifcial exleulationeastimesones leap yearsand othereencei
that humanshave devised over the centuries.

1n 1998, for example, the Garou hurr year began on
April 11— the first full moon aftet the spring equinox on
March 20— and endad on March 40, 1099. The noxt year
‘began with the full moon on March 31, 1999. In the Umbra,
however, there are no "calendars." Time exists outside of
‘human artifice. So our own "year does not coincide with
the calendar year — that is inelewane.

The Correspondence Game

Each of the hunat months has its own celestial pation,
‘whose intluence yoverna the events ofthat partilar month in
rich the same vay as the signs ofthe sinc nue the raonths
of the year in western wstrulogy. Long agin the Stagazers
‘develope sytem of correspendences for each moi and its
patron, based on their observances of the Celestine in their
[Uniralrealme, and the advice ofthe Aecherial suri These
swciationsof color emotions, natural phenomenaand other
qualities reinforce the idea of connections among various
aspects of the spiritual and physical realms.

Homan devotees of both Eastern and Western astro-
Jogical syscems believe thar the sign that governsthe month
‘or year or time of binh exercises real and potent effect on
penonulity und life. For oarvelves, we know thut the phase
of the moon at birth defines one's role; further, the patron,
vwho governs the lunar cycle of bieth and of the Fist Change
ko affects temperament and aets asa patton for those horn
under their influence.

This does not mean that the Celestines control us —
any more than Gaia or Luna, who bestow our special favors,

physical world aflact

the physical mind and the emotions every day, The quality

of the wir makes it easier or more dificult to breathe:

barometsic pressure causes a range of emotional states from

extreme depression fo light-headed high spnits. The effect

Wight, or its lack, on the huryan spice i uinquestion-

able. Many inglividuals suffer ftom depression during the
winter months because of the short days and long nights.

In dhe ame way, lunar cycle: reflect the qualities oftheir
ruling Celestines. Garou born during the fist hina cycle, for

d aapectnnl

the influence of Nergal does it appear to pores all (oe even
some) ofthe traits of her cyele's patron, she may find it ewer
‘summon her bellcose nature duriny the month ofher birth
than at other times during the year. Alternatively, she mixy
react to her patron's influence in ether, able ways. [ect
alwaysbe easly defined, but think youl indthsthere'ssime
truth to the influence of the planetary Inearnie.

The Garou Lunar Year

‘The mostimportane thing to understands that he Lar year
‘ok only marks the passage of time from one season tothe net, it
also symbolizes journey of the spit. By orniny onrselyes wo the
procession of una months, we eravel — literally as well a
fran — int the her of what ic means tbe Garon. Come
with me, now, as we begin our joumey.

‘The Song of the Celestines
Fiery sper, bling yes
Fae the warrior mink the ke
Enasfl mother ang bith
Welcomes new life wo the
acid mesenger sift of mind
Caries such ard nan sine
Siler lady, mstery-born
Sheds er light from duke mom
Bright wins fry, lr of ight
Changes darkness ine git
Secre-keeer, hidden one
Whispers of the cme to come
Bartle ster, matden utse
Sees the world ugh clouded ees
Reates aver, fr frm hime
Finds it tse to wah alone
Lord of heaven, dita king
Casts his de oer every dng
Calm advisor, chil of peace
Inhis presence roubles ceise
Shadow aatcher, wrapped in dreams
From his wisdom knvudedge streams
Ceaseless spinner, never sil
Waves he paers of her il

‘Shards of anger, nanging free
Rip apeare the tapestry

Nerigal, the Jce Warrior:
The First Lunar Month
Fiery spear, blazing eves
Fiat the warrior mas the shies
‘Actherial Realm: Mars.

‘cximple,often manifest chanicteristicsatrributed nithatcycle's
patron —Nerigal, the Ice Warrior. Even ifaGaraibornumder  Auspice: Abroun
Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 65

an


Not spitprisingly, Nerigal serves as ane of the rulers of
the Aluwuo auspice. Garou bom during the lee Warrior's
‘month, even ifthey fall underone ofthe other auspices, may
tend toward aggressiveness and ferocity. A Netigal Abroun
‘exemplifies the warlike qualities af her Celestial patron to

the fullest. Philodex born during the first lunar month often:
choose to back their judgments with strongly worded argu-
men and powerful oratory, while Galliards excel in inepir-
‘ng their packmates in battle through thei kil in recount-
‘ing tales and songs of past conflices. Thearges ruled by
Nerigal use their knowledge of Gaia's mysteries co increase
the odds of victory as well as to heal the wounds of their
fallen comes. Even Ragabash who fall under the influ-
‘ence of dhe lee Warrior taunifest «belligerent attitude in.
their tricks and cebellions.

The GetofFenrishave a special afinity for Neriga the
icy Umbral realm inhabited by Nerigal recalls the cold
northem lands that gave rise to the Get.

In Western astrology, Nerigal corresponds mort closely
tw Aries, the heavenly ram, ao associated with the planet
‘Mars. The cam, long @ chosen animal of sacrifice, serves asa
‘reminder that, in war, solkliers give their lives for the cause of
‘victory. Death and bloodshed reside close to the heart ofthe
Gatou. As warriors, we fight —and die — to protect Gaia.

Justin bravery and skill in battle epitomize the noblest
{qualities of those born during the first lunar month, anger
and uncontrolled battle lust represent the shortcomings of
Garouyovernel by Nerigal. The Rage that setsusapar from
‘our human and animal Kinfolk can burn too brightly within
s.drivingustotenzy, Nerigal'schlden continually struggle
with n greater tendency to give in to the worst uppects of our
anger and outnige.

Rage Across the Heavens

om er aren mn,

Eshtarra, the Songteller:

‘The Second Lunar Month

raf mater, eng bth

Weleumes mew le to the earth
Actherial Realm: Earth
Auspice: Galliord
Colors: Blue, green, white
Element: Earth
Other Names: Gaia, Ter, Danu
Quality: Fruithulness
‘Tarot Cards Empress
‘Tribe: Fianna
Vices: Excess
Virtues: Nurture
Zartiae Correspondence: Tours

In the second month ofthe lunar yea, we remember the
reason for our existence. Gaia, whose realm is Earth, haschosen
tato protect Her and Hercreation. Herlower faethe ncaa
‘Known as Eshtarra the Songteller, reminds us of the Earth's
‘richness. Through Eshunra, we hear the music of the spheres,
the songs of Gaia's creatures and the stories of our ancestors.
Shes the record of our past an the hope fr cur fun Ja ns
aerial gives us the weapons with which to igh, so Fura
(gives us a reason for out battle — the fruithulness of the earth
and the care which she shows tous, her children.

‘The Songtelle' planet is the Earth ili, for Esbanra
sone of the aspects of Gain, the nurcuring Earth Mother
Her colors ate blue, green and white — the green of the

forests and grassland, the blue of the oceans and the white
cclouds thot surround the earth. Eshtarra favors Galliands

over the other auspices since they keep the stories and songs
Garon close to their hears. Calliards born duting
's hinar month seem more attuned to theorus of

uiiture of Eshiarra, forming a fertile dualicy that
encompasses the concept of fruitless and propagation,


a 2 ee

Creanivity na preluctivity borh aspects ofthe numuiing
quality thas Eshtarra's primary strength, reach theif highest
Jeveli'n,the Songreller's children. Overproductivencss and
sdiscipliied creatielty exer constiade the gredtest
failing of thee Gago born Wiring the seeond lunar on.

Mitaniz, the Clever Rogue: 4
The Third. Lunar Month 4
Lucid mestenge, if of min
Caries truth and ramet il
Actherial Realm: Mercury

Element: ‘Air i

Other Namest Hermes, Mercury, Loki ftima
Qulicy: Quickness &
Tarot Card: Magician!

Tribe Bore Gnaveers

Vices: Avarge

Virtues: Agility, Mental Acuity

Zodiac Correspondence: Gemint

the realm of che mother to the realm of the eternal child, the
trickster at heart. Mitanu Clewer Rogue, reminds us that

eney tnt the

after the seriousness of bartle and the solemnity of the
other's presence, we need the relief of tension that comes
from laughter, Mitanu's influence leads us down the convo
luted paths of trickery and swift thought

The colors pale brown and gray suggest a mixture of
other les)

sulted und often confused patinter'sake of
aths and almost lies. Mercury, the planetary
wi, appears thus in the sky as rushes around
the son intent on its own unfathomable purposes. Air is
‘ican' element, dhe wedium of movement and speech:

Mitanu favors the Ragabash auspice for theit irreverent
sttiuude and ability co adape swiftly co any ciscumstance.
Ragabash born during the third lunar month demonstrate
an almost preternatural quicknessof thought and flexibility
of action, Ahtoun ruled by Miran exhibit fast reflexes in
combat and an ability to think on their feet. His Philodax
enjoy a libness of speech and the ability to talk their way
out of almost any situation, Galliands bom during Mstanu''s
month exeel in humorous songs ind stories, even though
the truths they illustrate may be serious, Mitanu-born.
Theueges.use their gifts in unexpected ways, experimenting
with the ourer limits oftheir powers.

The Bone Grawer' talent forsurvival through adapen:
tion and grit appeals to Mitanu, and he honors them above
the other tribes. Shrewdiness, quickness of thought and
sction — these are the marks on those Bone Gnawers
fortunate enough to claim Mitanu as their bith patron.

Wester astrology links Mercury with the sign Gemini,
the celestial twins and the patrons of communication (and

miscommunication). In Graeco-Roman mythokeey, Mercury
‘or Hermes serves asthe mesenge ofthe srs, but his messages
0 not always contain accurate information and occasionally
scem deliberately misleading. The term "mercial" ieplies a
whimsical changeabiity — no coincidence, this,

Mental agility and swiftness of movement emboxly
Mitanu's bese attributes. His wesknens lies in the avarice that
comes fron always accminng one ncp abeal of everyone else
Garou tor during the month of Mitaniuneed to guard again
the tendency to hoard information as well ae corral its
dissemination, This greed al manifests aadesire to acquire
what others have, occasionally leadiiy to a unsceneralable
need to accumulate physical things as well as knowledge.

Gokhta, the Lambent Lady:
The Fourth Lunar Month
SMe ty, ery-bo
Sheds her light from night to mom
Actherial Realm: Moon
Auspice: Theunge
Colors: Silver, gray, white
Element: Spint

Quality: Mystery
Tarot Card: High Priestess
Tribes Stargazers
Vices: Envy, madness
‘Virtues: Depth, quiet

After laughter comes reflection. Thus, the fourth lunar
month honors Sokbra, the Lambent Lady, whose Umbral
realm consists of the moon, Just as Eshtarra embodies one
facetaf Gnts,20 Sokhen, asa lesser Incarnxof Luna, minis
‘ugof thelimpscery of the moon. As the moon refleeté the light
‘of the sun, <@)Sokhea holds up a mirror in whith Garou gah
sce thelight oftheir spiritsSokhtateaches¥the importance
of refleetion, of looking ourselves to fndithre calm
center within the storm of out being.

Silver, mayan white — theeslorsafLama=-conyice
a sense of cabtrandtrancuility. Spry the element asscxiates!
with Dokhtigneminnds that we dwell Ba worlds, the tes
bound realimiof our physical bodiesand the spiif-clothes work
‘ofthe Umbp‘Themigon, which guikéisdhgbush ove chang
inggforms,shedéberpal, ambereradianeeupon usin bodh the
physical and Ombeatentis! Sahu epsen's all cat
mysteriout ane unknowable-dn the ui

Asthe patronefimystery and fagiey Sok htahiyners the
auspiés6f the crekéent moon with her favo. Theunges born
in ghe fourth lonar month feel an intenseletunemen to
tei Gifts, ufine them instinctively in resptinee to their
state of unconscious receptivity, Sokhta Ahrouftdemon
calainess in battle that belies the passion with which

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 07

ZA

TT,


sa

Sokhia's month e

nvy since they know not

ka-Sonnak above
directed action of
nv during the fifth lunuar month, therefore, tend to

Sern eereree rraneer earene a coerce ar ener er ae remssumurvrensenerere

68

Jia SOP ETI SSE HE

ee AA

wage year with all the drama of the great heroes of the First
‘Times tgking themselves with confidence rootgd'in theig
‘blades Gherey. Katanka-Sonnak ier . sy
nea! Sth rtahint scems uncharacteristic o
tricksegh wat rowardthe

same fio Calas boen wih Kapa
Petron. Be ee ees
selivering thetrrepertbire

those around them

Kalgtile- Sonal txvagthe
despite thet aflintion withthe cod wi
teyéannibal spific of their towm. The a
youngest offifte three tribes who came to the
artrncts Kafanka-Sonnak, who watches them burn
pure brigkiness of the winter sun.

Inthe western Zodiac, Katanka-Sonnak roughly corre-
sponds tothe sign co, associated with the Nemean linn of
‘Hetculean myth. The meteor shower known as the Leonids.
‘originates in the part of the-sky rulod by Lao, and theee fry
messengers abo echo aspects of the "Wind-Rider."

Garou ruled by Katanka-Soanak demonstrate great
nergy and vitality in their actions, never fakering in thet
ary toward Gain. The Wind Rider's weakness, ghationy,
comes from his insatiable hunger for action the need 10
‘consnintly fuel his inner drive,

Hakahe, the Ebon Whisperer:
The Sixth Lunar Month

Seoret-eeper, hidden. ome
Whisers.of the te to come

require secrecy, darkness or silence. Hakahe presides over
knowledge too dangerous for the light of day,

‘Associated with the patrons of smithinyg and making,
Hakahe'scolors black and red, bring to minal the firesed the
anithy's forge and the metal beaten into shape upon te
anvil of creation, The qualities of both creation and destruc:
‘tion fall under the province of the Ebon Whisperer, remind:
ing us that in order to make something new, we often
to break what has gone before.

‘Hakahe favors the Theurge, whove Gift: celebrate the
sorcerous and who delves deep into the mysteries thar may
Gorou pete to ignore. Theanyes bon utaer the prone of
Hakahe offen devoxe themselves to discovering kno
thar any would consider forbidden. Hakahe's Alou take
antvantaage of available Gifts to enhance their combat capabilt:
tics. Philodox born during the sixch haus month may prefer to
surround their judgments with secrecy, believing that they
‘need not explain the reasons for their rulings. Ragabash born

deg the invluence of the Ebon, Whisperer take pleasure in
wonyilspranks: Hake Galliands
gp and obscure ones.
whose detepiination ty un:

knowledgsfithe earligt dave.
Raho, whgigonsxters

ts Chafing Cas

fol year tothe sigh
Virgo, the vit c
Demeterand nd whom the Christians celebrate in

mysteries associated with

: ceo
Actheral Realms Valen vw eas
‘Auipices Theurge insta
Colors: Black, ced
Element: Fire
Other Names: Hephacts Khemu, Coben, Vola Tehuni ‘Cambiyal, The Veiled Mother:
Quality: Sorcery The ‘Shoenth Lunar Month
Tarot Card: The Hermit Basle sister, maiden wise
Tribe: Uktena Sees the world through clouded eyes
Vices Despair - Aectherial Realm: Venus
Virtues: Creation, destruction ‘Auspice: Gilliard
Zodiac Correspondence: Virgo Color: Gold
The sixth lunar moath favors brooding thoughts, 8° Element: Fire
opposed to the fierce directed action ofthe previous period. Wamu. ee, Freya: A care. 8
Hakihe, the Ebon Whisperer, epitomizes the sinister as- ea Linnie aia eaael
pecis of out nature. The celestial lord of the hidden planer, lity: Wiseom
Vulcan, ceininds us ofthe shameful deeds we wish to hide Tarot Cards Justice
and the dark memories we prefer to forget. We invoke the Tribe: Black Furies
influenceoftheEbon Whisperer, too, forcertainritualsthar Vices: Lust
Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars o

—————— i 4


Virtuetg Protection, purity, sensuality y,
Zodiac Correspondence: Libra ¢ f
The segtnth lunar monch marks the beginning df the
shit cet onieemsoevsiee
tele ines Talia Ved Mos,

of ye

eee Moon
crm the past serve repos
pe ape ‘Callin bem uncer

at empinsiion the letkons
sorte. Ahroun bom diting
the month of the Veiled Mother exemplify thecourage ih

battle shownsfiy mothers fn defense of theiechildten, while
‘Tamiayah's Philodox temper their justice with mercy when-
‘ever posible. Theuiges under the purronage of the Veiled
Mother use their Gifts for both healing and protection.
‘Tambiyuh's Ragabush cannot resist the impale to use thetr
playfulness to teach or to war against potential dangers.

"Tambiyah embraces the Black Furies as her tribe, rec
‘ognizing that their fierce advocacy of women and children
reeks 1 restore balance to a world threatened by the
<epresiations of an jresponsible patriarchy. The combina-
sion of strengt! and sensunlity present in the Furies, along
with their dedication to women's traditions and culcure,
appeals tothe Veiled Mother's sense of justice.

Ln western astrology, Tambiyah roughly corresponds to
Libea, the Golden Seales of harmoniy and balance. Liben
tepresents the striving for equity ard fairness in all things as
well as the tempering power of love as an agent of change
and re-creation.

Tambiyah's childtesi in their noblest form combine
sensuality and purity in perfect harmony. The Veiled
‘Mosler' strength lies in her ability to protect the dance of
‘opposites. Her fnult Hesin the akandonment of balance that
comes when love degenerates into mere lust — whether for
power, pleasure or material pain,

Meros, The Wandering Mystic
The Eighth Lunar Month
Ress tuwele, fr from home
Finals it wise to walk alone
‘Actherial Reals: Pluto

7

Other Names: Hades, Dis; Anpw, Ariwn, Yarns, Hel, Kwa
‘Quality: Movernent
Judgment

Unreliability
Virtues: Adaptability, versatility
Zodine Correspondence: Some
The eighth lunar month belongs 10 Meros, the Wa
dering Mystic. With his ascendancy, the year ums once
snore away from halance and stability toerrancy and restles-
ness. Meros watches over the relentless search for truth. the
compulsion to follow whatever path might lead to know!
edge and the willingness to accept the possibility —no, the
certainty — that our quest inevitably results in death
Meter' realm centers on the planet Phuta, ar the far
reaches of the volar system in the physical world. Pluto's
ercatic orbit makes it nomad of the skies
‘Thecolon light gray and rusty orange resemble the dull
ted objects and travel-worm garments
snes faded from much we- Assact
ated with the deities that rule the various underworkls of
human religions, Pluto represents movement noc only tn
place bat also from one state of being to another. Earth,
which houses the Underworld und receives not only the
bodies of the dead but also the seeds of new Ife, is the
element associated with Meros.
The Philos ainpice enjoys the special panvanage of
Meros, who recognizes that lawgivers and counselors mist
aukapt themselves to many circumstances. Mero! Philoxkox
showaflairforrenering versitile wlgmentseversin the mest
demanding situations. Abou bon shai tv eights hse
tonth demonstrate feurleseness in the face of death and
feadiness to adapt their fighting styles ro suit the nature of
thelroprignent. Metos-born Theunsesexplore the boundaries
their power, while Ragabssh ruled by Metossc hie repeat
same trilefnore than once. Meros' Galliardaelish soa
wales tha¢ enn dea
be sa

only

wandering but
famnil rare pey here ofeden!
Toot he Stridem call tithe heart of

sMeros comespinds to Seo,

rwell asthe iofdeath

eth' Goveened by Pluto J tesonaces wth

Sein ‘Orpheus, Balthaeed da As

ot birt: rave

cand the a aa cone stile
Seay tounother.

| Garou demonstrate the virtoedjof adape-
sn Bo Sera Yer aver hie alee os

Auspice: Philodox suroundinye. At wort Meror Garo
Colors: Light gray, nusty orange uit unreliable nature and an erate, unpeedicr
Eleesenii Earth ae ‘eongetarent

70 Rage Across the Heavens

EE TE ST ST DEO ITY


eft

Zarok, The Crowned Ruler:
‘The Ninth Lunar Month

\ Lana( haven, diane

cansent f those who must follow, Power gained is power
sranted, not stolen or usurped.

Zarok calls the giant planet Jupiter is home. From that
planer's vast domain, the Crowned Ruler reigns in splendor
over the Umbral solarsystem. The colorsatebated 10 Zarok,
red, white and yellow, represent the planet's physical appear-
ance. Additionally, these three colors symbolize the red of
Impasstoned commitment, the white of self-sacrifice and the
jellow of spiirunt zeal all qualities esiential in a good leader.
Zatok represents authority a its best rather than the ryranny
and despotism so often seen in the physical work.

The auspice of Philodox enjoys the patronage of Zarok,
who understands the need for thoughtful and decisive
leadership und guidance. Philodox born during the ninth
lunar month exercise theirauthority with confidence, know-
ing thae their right t pass juclyment comes from a thorough
understanding of the traditions and laws of the Garou.
Zatok-bom Alroun often act as battle lenders and strategy
planners, while Theuryes who claim the Crowned Ruler as
their pation excel in using their powers to ereate a sense of
tunity and purpose in those around them. Zarok's Galliasds
"enjoy entertaining their audiences with storiesof heroes and
scat leaders, and Ragabash born during Zarok's month
demonstrate a shameless audacity in their pranks,

Zarok favors the Silver Fangs abowe other tribes, recog-
fing their lng tradition of leadership and thet faniiaiey
with the ability exercise authority. The natural curianact
the Silver Fangs echoes Zarok's own magnanimous nature.

Wester astrology attributes this time of year to Sagit-
‘torius, the archer of the heavens. In Babylonian myth, the
sachet alo symbolized Marduk, the war god The configu.

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars

—— in,

‘tion of stars known as the Coron, Australis, or Southem
‘Grown, lies athe feet of Sagtaris, thus nding credence to
the image of leadership. Also known as the Centaur, Sagi
‘ariuscorrespondsto Chiton, the wise teacher ofGreek myth,
At their best, Garou born during the month of the
‘Crowned Ruler demonstrate wisdorn in their roles as lead-
‘ers Zarok's weakness, however, lies in a tendency to fall prey
twoverucening peide and self-agsrandisement

Lu-Bat, The Peaceful Counselor:
The Tenth Lunar Month

(Calm abuso, child of peice
In his presence swubles cease
Actherial Realm: Sacurn
Auspice: Ragabash
Colors: Greenish-brown, yellow
Element: Earth
‘Other Names: Cronos, Pra, Bran, Balder, Thoth, Paby
Quality: Acceprance
Tarot Card: The World
Tribe: Chibdren of Gaia
Vicest Sloth
Virtues: Peace, wisdorn
Zodiac Correspondence: Capricorn
The tenth lini month sees our journey take an inn
‘urn, oway from the expansive qualities of leadership coward
the restrictive principle that leads us to understand our
limitations and come to terms with both our yererygths and
weaknesses. Lar-Bat, the Peaceful Counselor, asists us in
this inner quest for acceptance.
From the gloomy realm of S
‘cosmicmatrer, Lu-Batexercises his
aries that ereate our lives and dete
pleatlong ceric taser pl

to action slowly,
wareness of their
vulnerabil

ccxcteining


AZZ

The Children of Gaia, who have long acted as advisors
to the Garou, enjoy the favor of Lu-Bat, who approves of
that tribe's desire for reconciliation and acceptance. Echo-
{ng Lu-Bat's concem with moderation and limitation, the
Chikiren of Gaia seek to teach universal respect for bound
aries and differences,

‘Western astrology attributes this time of year to Capri-
‘com. the fish tailed goat of the stars. Associated in Babylonian
amt withthe gx a, conser the savior of humanity

Other Names: Ouranos, Woran, Siku
‘Quality: Secrecy
Tarot Cards Star
Tribe: Shadow Londs
Vices: Treachery
Virtues: Diplomacy, discretion, secrecy, strategy
Zodiac Correspondence: Aquarius
{mn the eleventh lunar month, we again turn our atten-
tion to secret ways and means. Guided by the influence of

Ruatma, the Shadowed One, we discover the hidden coun-
try of dreams and the sceret workd of signs aon poutcans, We

alto learn how best to manipulate the dreams and desires of
others in order to achieve our goals.
Ruutmamakeshishome nthe realm of Uranus the planet
sscccuated with sleep and dreams as wel ws with awakening to
‘new possibilities The moch-vaunted "Age of Aquarius" would
have claimed Uranus sis guiding spirit, but it has come to
‘mgt — humans, a usual, have only lightly scrabbed in the
sand for their anewer. Pake aqua, dhe color of che sea, come:
sponds tothistime of year and remindsusofthe oceanic current
‘of unconscious thought that gives birth to new idens
Ruma favors the Theurge auspice fr its emphasis on,
deciphering the secretes of power. Theurges born under the

tnluence of Ruatma prove adept at reading signs and portents,
interpreting drearns and planningbow best touse their Giftst0
direct matters in a satele fashion. Rustma-bomn Ahroun excel
tn undethanded (though not necessarily dishonorable) turtle
tactics, taking advantage of every weakness shown them by
theirenemies. Philodox bom during the eleventh lunarmonth

demonstrate a stony flair for negotiation and diplomatic
solutions. while Galliards use theie knowledge of loee and
legend to manipulate the emotions oftheir listener Ragabssh
who fall under the patronage of the Shaciowed One employ 2
host of dimy tricks to undercut wuthority

Rustma relishes the Shadow Lord' Mair for subse
manipulation and shadowy dealings. As consummate diplo-
mats, the Lords epitomize Ruatma's position asthe power
behind the throne rather than the front-line leader.

‘Western astrology attributes this month co Aquarius,
the Water Bearer. Ruled by Uranus, the sky titan of the
ancient Greeks, Aquarius also symbolizes Ganymede, the
‘cupbearer to the gods and, by implication, the confidant of

cfc imenrale Uris ere the powe of

"Toe twelth nar month longs toShantr, the Loom
Maker, and completes the pattern of the year by weaving its
‘events into the tapestry of time. Shantar governs creation
and invention, and thus reflects the synthesis that comes
from uniting opposite forces.

Shantar makes het Umbral home in the realm of
Neptune. The dark blue-gray and white colors associated
with the planet correspond t0 the ever-moving ocean,
Shantar exhibits a changeable nature, just as the sea never
remainsstll. Water is her element, for in its depths reside all
the necessary ingredients for new life.

nm Rage Across the Heavens

_—— es


a 1th

‘The Loom Maker shows an affinity for the Philodox
auspice, seeing the lawgivers of the Garou as primary movers
inthe creation of a structured society. Shantar-bom Ahroun,
tend to experiment with new tactics in battle rather than.
rely on tried and true methods of fighting. Ragabash bom
during the last month of the Garou lunar year constantly.
invent new ways of acting as goads and pranksters, Galliards:
‘bom under Shantat's influence enjoy complex songs and
mories, using their talents to weave vivid images for the
entertainment and edification of their listeners. The Loom.
‘Maker's Theurges seek new ways to use their Giftsand enjoy
the complicated patterns involved in performing rites.

‘The Glass Walkers, supreme upholders of the principle
of making" njy the protection ofS

and despair, action and stillness.
the fish to Christ, while
the god of death and rebirth, as
union between Atagurtis, the
Euphrates River.

The best qualities of Shanta
for invention and in hes willingness (6
sity of change. Her chief flaws consist 0
toward rashness and thoughtless change

Rorg, The Many-Talo
The' Thirteenth Sign

Shands of anger, ranging

Rip apart the tapestry
Actherial Realm: Asteroid belt

‘Auspice: Abroun
Color: Dark gray
Elements Spirit
Other Names: Legion

‘Quality: Instinct
Tarot Card: Tower

Tribe: Red Talons
Vices: Hatred
Virtues: Cooperation
Zodiac Correspondence: None
‘Though not part of the lunar year, the Celestine known,

2sRorg. the Many-Taloned Hunter, occupiesa vital place in
Garou attology. Known wo the Stargazer athe Thirteenth,
Sign, Rong presides over catastrophic change and our in-
stinctive responses to disaster.

TheMany-Taloned Huntermakeshis latin the asteroid
belt between the solar system's inner and outer planets.

‘Associated closely with cyelic change and recurring cara-
<lysms, Rorg hovers in the spaces between the stars, waiting
for the day when his separate aspects can reassemble them-
selves into one whole being. Dark gray, associated with doom
sand darkness, the color attributed to Rorg. Long ag, sour
legends tellus, the Many-Taloned Hunter existed asa planet
whose orbit placed it somewhere between that of Mars and
Jupiter. A great catastrophe caused that planet to burst
swunder, scattering its ifeles pieces throughout what was
‘once its natural orbit. Some say that one ofthe lagest pieces
‘of Rorg stuck Earth in its earliest days, causing life to take a
drastic new direction from its original evolutionary process.

Rog favorsthe Ahtoun auspice, since its multiplicity of
forms resembles agfarmy on the march. Although the
Hunter does not file" ove

o claim Rorg's patronage make thei
pconsensus, while his Galliands
nances and endeavor to draw

pw the Many-Taloned Hunter

ein their ticks,
transformation into the
White Howlers enjoyed the favor
theitfiercenessinbattleand theit ability
¢ Howlers exemplified the cooperative
the many parts of the Hunter. But
‘Wyrm, Rorg looked elsewhere

festern astrology has no precise counterpart for the
Thirteenth Sign, though many astrologers admit t0 the
‘cosmic influence of several ofthe large asteroids — specifi
cally the four largest bosies that inhabit the asteroid belt,
attributing them to Juno, Ceres, Pallas Athens and Vesta.

Rony'sstrergah ies ische vine of eoxrration,amamet
‘to Garou, whose natural endencies lead them to work 38 a
‘pack. Hatred and a desire for vengeance represent the chief
‘weaknesses of the Many-Taloned Hunter.

The Lost, The Disinherited
and the Forgotten

You are quick to point out that my description of the
lunar cycle still does not include all of the mbes of the
Garou. Yes, youare right. Three other celestial beings dwell
in the higher reaches. entities that do not figure directly in

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 73

——— a


celveluruar phases

swmto.com/~tg/eg-birymoonphus

Patron 1998-1999
Nerigal Apt. 11-May 10
May tLJune 8

nphase ditmal

1999-2000

Mar, 31-Ape. 29

fr ly 9-Aug. 6
KatankieSonnak Aug. 7-Sept.
Haikahe Sept. 6-Cet. $
senhy Oct. 5-Nov. 3
Metos Nov. 4-Dee. 2
Zatok Dee. 3-Dee. 31, 1998
Lu-Bat Jan. 1, 1999-Jan. 30 Dee. 22-Jan, 20, 2000
Roatm Jan. 31-Mar, 1 Jan. 21-Febv 18
Shantar Mar. 2-Mar. 30 Feb 19-Mar. 19
74 Rage Across the Heavens

———

Aare ene,


ee AZ

the procession of the astrological year but which do haye an
fmpacton our fate. Lspenk of the patrons of the Croaran, the
Black Spirals and the Bunyip.

Gongan, The Noble Brother

A Stargazer legend congthinigthedtigins of the Catou
‘hunar year tells how theGtontin turned dayerea chance for

eepretentation amo

ongt the month Absahey reastned it,the

red. Therefore, they ould give up
lice inthe saléndarto their youngest brother Wedigo sand
seek rheur place among the triveling cbenote dae ects fax
{nto the deepest parts ofthe tniverse

‘The selfless affer of the Croatan met with the approval
ofthe other thes, whothen apportioned themselves among
the months of the year and thes received their celemial
pattons. The Croatan waited with patient dignity until the
prophesied time came for them to give their lives to banish
the Earer-of-Souls. The Stargazers, however, kept their
‘memory alive by placing them under the patronage of the
«ymets that roam throughout the galaxies nd whove sees
dwell in the outer reaches of the Deep Umbra.

fn 1977.an astronomer in California discovered a hirge
einer ony ee te ea
‘akingic near Saturn and Uninus, and occasionally bringing
‘tay closes Jupiter. The comet received the name Chiron,
after the mythological centaur (also associated with Sagit-
‘arian, but. dhe Gaon roxanne it a» Sonngan, he Noble
Brother, parron of the lost Croatan. The Nable Brother
snakes his rounds over a peviod of just over 50 yeu. Its
"cover" by human astronomers in 1977 seemed tin

caveat the solat syste ies oxbic

the aie fir he reappeanmccof
the Coen wat erwiog nem.

As you ean see; they were wrong.

The Utena, who rarely share d with other
tribes, have begun to whisper thane ilewenulary
heroes, the Usbral seeker kabwn as Dancing Sta, fia visited
the dreagi of cena of ici Theunges. Acegiing ta the
Ukcenag Daneing, Str lie! inbody white her aseat self
traveled in the Deep Umbra om a for, sigrts of tise
Croatan. Some Uktend nent leleve Hartho the appearance
a Se We the

Croatan have beenfownds Other Uber feel
Seav'sspirit astound heeway back, she Petning

the news thar tefital days ire just Arousid theteome

yakecen, The Fallen Singer

When she White Howlersfell inte th@elorches of she
‘Wyrm and ernaformed ing the perversionsot GufaweTIOW
knowas Black SpinifPancet¥) isl patronage of Rorz

We suspect, how.
ever, that the Wyrm eae wrk in the Deep Umbra
petitioned a grec dark power to serve as the new patron for
these corrupt Ciitou, Our legends speak only vaguely of
Yukecen, the Fallet Sines, « black hole that lies somewhere

im the most distant comer of the Aetherial Realm not far
fromm an anchorhead that connects with Malfeas.

Aszonomers claim thar a black hole vesults when the
explosion of u gigantic star erentesa whirlpool af gravity 0
dense that ie abvorks, rather than reflects light and pulls
tverything within its sphere of influence into its gaping
maw. Nothing, the astronomers say, can emerge from such
an aherration of the enwrnion

‘Our own students of the stars say differently. Some
members of the Sept of the Stars, myself included, believe
thar something has emerged from such aback hole. The Red
Star, which hae appeared recently in the Umbra and hae
cause shock waves of fear and trepidation throughout the
Aetherial Realin, came from "nowhere" — which (6 as
appropriate a description of the region around a black hole
ssany Lean chink of

We have no proof that the star we all Anthelios
derives from the distant region our legends refer to as
‘belonging to Yakecen. Nevertheless, the signs and portents
indicate that the Fallen Singer hs gifted us with its owt
song of mass destruction.

Varaan-Doo, Che (Dying One

5 litle tte remains-to us of the Biinyipy once the
indigenous Garni of Australia andiNew Zealand. The nose
we can diteever about theetnibe whose blood
colleceveninc comes rom thleenss cf thefew ternini
-Abouignes of Australis interior In the abfenice of concrete
knowlege ofthe egendhofte Bunyip, wehaveallocaredthe
contellation known tous as the Southemn Grow anu called
Yamian-Doo by the Aborigines to thememsry of the Bunyip.

‘According to Aboriginal lire the Southern Cros (or
Whit@)gum tree) commemorates the coming of death to
hhumankkind. For 1s, &t seems appropriate that we link this
memorial.of death to the Banyi ‘ip.

First Change Astrology

Some Gorn beet that the date of you Fost Charge has
mone since than your bea. Afterall, ear Wife as a
Garou — your Binh as one of Gass' Changing Children. —
Legis emty when you make your frst peyical eransformatin
Then again, cdhers say cis & nonsense. Afer ll seems that
the First Change is less foreordained for a steele date. asf can
be miqered by rage, I believe tha both "signs" ave ampetant
1, ace we uses two nates; heen oF amare amel Carn

"The basic attributes that appky to your birch "sign" alin
apply to your First Change.sign. If your bith and Fast
Change signs coincide, then you may well experience an
amplified version of the ats associated with your pueron, A
Gare born wrder the paswonage of Nerigal and who also
tundersoes her First Changs durine Nevigal's pertion of the
luoar sear may exhibit an extreme tendency for competition
On the other hand, a Garow who experiences a similar
ontbing of Sokhta's influence may take an excessive delight
in rojecting an aura. of mastery.

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 75

ay


2
|

ne A

The other Changing Breeds have their own manner of
Viewing the sturs apy their influence. Like the Garou, they
fel ken ogi tthe tral

pier femctpe kr
might have to tnke'into account the
"eta" ofeach ape they'd evr ase int thet om

form. The only positive stella relationship chey have swith
erelf inthe busy Amana
the Loom Maker's

+ Basten:
fi my of the

acknowledge Hakahe i kegp well away trom Rorg,
"Tambiyah in puticulac Fond' Cat's children, and al
treat them well when they manage to vist hes jf Sabeals
suske — presuming that they aren't too pridefulfo be polite

* Conti Raven's children have a deefistented connex-
‘om sith Hell ial his fans they have licke
ine for thes hake, their penvinee,
indtheyare much few

Ponition of Corvus; the
s caven of prophecy may

At best, the wereravens
and through him Gemini
the celestial twins to thein the
anu Munin, in' rwin ravens and
Even o,theirfint loyalty isto Helion

to keep them bu.

* Gurahl! stories about Ursa
Major and Us figures in Gurabl
‘courmology. In oot iF honor Polat,
‘Sernusand the Pleiades. Gi to Serpentarius, the

Healertorcelestia
honor noparticula

{s their patron as
fotcing thet chanet

thatthe wetebears
gh Eshcarea
+ further rei:

opted many spsteme of
given that they've
alo scavenged sorceriey'Snd occult lore trom every other

Astrology and the Changing Breeds »

source they could ate loyal to
Exctem astrology hey gladly trace West
com. star-puttern feel it important. The

werefoxes have quietly veairedity just about all of the

planetary i yeurry favor, but se far
opartieular dine a tole the Kisune ae partic:
lar children, Eveasdythe Kitgine hove managed 0 work
thee wary into ‘heartoandihe will often bless his

would-be procégés with get another secret magic for their
use, Needless to sty, tare always very gratefal

the gveac changing Hizands
bakin beaten pf HeliosandKaranka Sonnak

norarethe inte the
tsinthe physical realm,
fe Ebon Whisperer, whore
nature has placed hit closer

Se ee
Actherial yaule — tbe Nagah'y
The sole excepto! ts Haka

purview aversecrémand

tw the weteserpents Helou thar they stil live and wil
not betray that kno In return, che Nagoh have
accorded Hakale "he ‘Wani" status — to them, he is
Mung the Hino he thelr them withthe

spread of hiechon hud,
‘Nw: Cache haven eine inthe

Iasiver in ring een Lima' favor. They are rose
‘bumble (well a hari a jsvhen. dealing with
Late, Schl Shana vWothe: faces — but wien
‘esting the dither pay eo ace wha
they can caren ougOet y-Asaich, the Nuwisha

hua rartioulng:il ! spirits, altheaagh Mitarns
eae a aad

* Rathia: The chikiren ob Ray rateijnceice the seas,
and are generally bitter whenever | thiaubject of predestinas
tion is beought Sami snd te ice
pencennicn; of cute Fak abi oxsthng aie 8 Rakin

‘of his personal petseution, ceil imagined) They r¢og
nize some theataiaby their owpfiamies, calling Pleiades

the Whiskers the Rar and referring to Polarisas the Eye of
the Rat God. IF they hive anv allisuagnsne the nlanersry
Ucar, 11 est filly ia the
eyes — the apocalypeic planigof ate Rac, us well as their
"serength in numbers" ‘philosophy, 50 Wellwith Ro' 's ideals.

‘* Rokeat The Rokeardo névaelaiwledge the influence
of the stars — unsurprising. given, pee the race has taken to
cealling the sun itself *the'
‘but the eldest:

76 Rage Across the Heavens

ELL TT TR, a


ee AZ

Planetary Aspects:
An Alternate Astrology

Some Stargazers developed a relatively simple method of
‘determining the influence of the neares (relatively speaking)

Celestines in the ives Garou. Basing their interpretarionson
the peainions of Mercury, Ma

Venus and Jupiter, the four
he naked eye, the

ofthelunarcycle;theCelestinesofthe
cher planetsarejrearer, more un
knowahle than the planetary
Tncama we know, and as far fren
Gaia's breast as are the Tria
thasthreeaspects—
Descending. If
Mercury appearsberween the enstern
nl the midpoint of the sky
atthetieneofyourbirth,
youcan aim youhave
"Mercury Rising."
posible (tha
highly unlikely
Gorallfourglan
entoberising"
fran individual,
however, most
Garess have one or

Rising aspects ger-
Garou who possess
them, while Descend
naspet irphy some
tort of fale or risk

Milky aspects contain
oth povtive and nega
tive elements ar else have

acd Flaws attached to Planetary Aspects
other practic

wll os many
splications for astrological sigs.)

Western Astrology
Through Garou Eyes

‘Thereare some interestingaspectsabout Wester astrology
sshich manslare smoorhly to Garou kunarastrology, tis posible
tommake a corelation between che division of the zodiac inte
Sudinal, Fhed and Mutable sims and a similar division of the
-month eyele along the lines ofthe Tria

Accontiny to Western ascroogy, Cardinal signs occur at

the beginning of each season and indicate the energy of anew

begimning, Fixed signs comprise the mid-point ofeach season

cexlembody sealiness and inmutability. Miuble ign signify

theendofasexenandreprescnt the transition from

to mother — or the "destruction" af a season in €
of anew one

For Garou, this devision can easily apply t
the Triatof Wyld (Canfinal), Weaver Fixed)
‘and Wyrm (Mutable), In doing 1,
however, it és important tore
memberthacthe Wyrm wast
always a force for total annihilation and
corruption, The attribution of four ofthe
funar signs to the Wyrm
being's original place at the ent
creation and destruction.

Wyld Signs:
Energy in
Potential

Thebeginningsof
) che scavons fall during,
the lunarmonthsass
ciated with the Wyld.
Although the vernal
equinox cur beforethe
onset of the hunar month
associated with Nerigal, the
Ice Warriorpresidesoverthecatly
ls

aicyele of

Likewise,

~—— Weaver Signs:
= Ener
Actualized

The middle of exch
season belongs to the Weaver. Ai

wank-Sonnak presides over
rules the middle portion
the deepest part of w

Wyrm Signs: Energy in Abeyance

h season bears traces of the next:
The Wyrm, who rules over the breaking down of pattems
oversees the transtion fom aso
Dretdes over the end of spring and the arval of summex
iaube watches as surumer devolves into autumn 2arok

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars 7

a, __ie iy 1/2


|

ee AA

yruides the eransit from autumn to winter, while Shantar
rules the decay of winter anid the birth of spiny.

The Great Cyde of the
Chinese poms iain

ly. which emphasises dhe birch
month, Chinese astrology takes into account the year of
bint, The Chi ac encompasses 12 animals, each of
which rules fora full yest. Thus those who were horn in
1960, 1972, 1984, oF 1996 fall under the sign of the Rat
Naturally, this isn't exactly precise with Wester calendars
the Chinese New Your alls sometime between late January
and mid-February, afterall,

Unlike western

Juv oukdition to Ue standard interpretations of the Chi
‘hese shine, we have our own veryion of the effects af each
sign bared on the interaction between a particular year's
rulinganimal and the Garou maon-based muspices. Much of
this lore comes from the voluminowe reecllections of Se
cer Galliards, but 1 wouldn't he surprised if our Eastern
‘cousins have contributed 19 these observations

Rat: Honesty,
Sociability and Manipulation

As the moot aggressive Of the signs, Rat exhibits a
strightfoewardness in his denlings that frequently gains the
respect and affection of others, Unfortunately, Rat ean also
succumb ro the desire to manipulate people to achieve his
‘own end it's common legend that Rat managed to trick

eof his place at the fro
Alroun Giarou bom in the Yearofthe Ratmakeexcellent
foant-line wartioes and wood! team leaders, Rat-yenr Theurges
‘openly amit their need to unearth the secrets of the universe
ind pura their with udev directness: Rayabssh
Garouborn under the sign ofthe Ra enjoy simple yeretfeetive

tricks nd mses. Rat-bon Callas prefer yet 1
oftheittales and song, avoiding excessive etnbelistiments in
their delivery, and Rar's Pied. are opinionated ane some>
times brutally frank i theiejlerents

Ox: Patience, Pride and Stubbornness

‘Oxexemplifies the qualitiesof enduranceand igniry. As
a lover of tradition and preserver of hamiomy, hie xometimes
seems stodgy and les thin original in his thinking, Ox sees
from intractabiity and an. unwillingness to change is mina

Abiroun: Garou who fall under Ox's influence employ
‘ies and tr: methods of combat and excel in outlisting
theirfoes. Ox-bom Theurges plow through eopionsamounts
of information in order to uncovercne new insight. Philodox
born during the Year of the Ox simply wear down their
‘opposition with reasoned andl relentless arguinents, On
governed Galliadsenjoythe oldscngsandstories ind often
‘perform them in the purest possible form, Ragabash ruled by
(Ox tend towand self-deprecating humor and pranks.

‘Ciger: Generosity, Courage an? Vanity

Tiger lavishes gifts from his own considerable store on
tise he cherishes. His courage rarely deserts him even in
the face of insurmountable odds. Tiger's primary weakness
however, shis vanity, which can render him insufferable in
the worst of circumstances

Abroun ruled by Tiger take great risks in combat, nt
because they nne gamblers but because they cannot concede
the ideaofshowing cowardice, Tiger Theurgea willing!y share
their knowledge with others who might make use of it
Philodox born under Tigers influence temper their jk
ments and rulings with a generosity of spnit that shrinks ors
furrow interpretations of laws or traditions. Tigers Galli
enjoy listening to the songs of others as much a they love
their own time in the spotlight. Tiger-born Raeabnsh some
times plan elaborate pranks with dramatic results

Cable of
Rat 1948 1960 1972
Ox 1949, 1961 1973
Tiger 1950 1962 1974
Car (or Rabbit) 1951 1963 1975
Dragon 1952 1904 1976
Shale 19531965197
Howse 1954 19561978
Goat (or Sheep) 1955 1967 1979
Monkey 1956 1968 1980
Rooster 1957 1969 1981
Dog 195319701982
Pig 1959 v7 1983

‘oumber falls within tt ble's parameters.

Vears
oq 1996
1985 1997
1986 1998
1987 1999
1988 2000
1989 2001
1990 2002
1991 2008
1992 2004
1993 2005
1994 2006
1995 2007

{n order to figure out the signs for years ourside this table, simply add or subtract 12 to the desired year uncil the

78

Rage Across the Heavens

——————— a 1 4


Cat (Rabbit): Discretion,
Cleverness and Distance
G

des herself on her discretion and cleverness, She

sunumate diplomat and agile thinker who wins
friends and seippen her tace and.

ara. How

rmtely risks her own emotions, maintainin
2 even from those closest 19 her.

Aloun Garou hom in the Yearof the Cs
sSatince pots

nce for indirect methoxk of warfare. They ase
her, they can think of many diffrent ways to
stack an opponent that do not involve ditect frontal assule
Tsages ruled by Cat scem highly attuncd to subtle en

a} lion "he he way to kaon
elie. Cat-born Philedoxoften extract fine pointsoforder upon
which to base their judgments, while Gallus nile by Cat
rarely exceed the boundaries of good taste. Ra
daring the Yearaf the Catdemorstrate aremarkable levers
tntheirpeanks and raely getblained for any rouble they cause

Dragon: Intuition,
Artistry and Willfulness

Dragon inmitswhatmast peaplespenda lifetime learning
His artistic talents arouse both admiration and envy in
Unfortunately, Dragon hasa strong wilfl streaked
{isis on having his own way despite the censequenc

hans es

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars

rs 2

Dragon Ak
know their enemies
Dragon-born Th
performs

ake nanaraly to l

an in the Year af
in renalering
their performances. Dragon Ragabash seem to know the most

effective pranks and tailor their actions w fit their victim:

Snake: Wisdom,
Compassion and Laziness

Noted forher wisdom, Sake:
itsbest pares, Compassion ac
Snake valuable compan

amine put to

Snake-born Ahtoun excel at th
pin-point assault. Theunges born
valu dl

rapid strike and the
the Year of the Snake
nts above all, white Philodox

wisdom of the anc

ruled by

nake have « reputation for uncommonly wis
ts, even in the tricklest situations. Snake-hoen
rds seem ro know whi wor stores to tell
by theirheartfelt perfor
ash ruled by Snake rately cause re
the victims ofthe

mances. Rog:


oe AA

Horse: Eloquence,
Athleticism and Selfishness

Hone communicates with an eloquence born from an
Annate velf-confidence and sue-mindedness. Graceful and
athletic, Hone revels in physical activity. His greatest
weakness comes fom a presecupation with self,

Abbnoun bor in the Year of the Home relish physical
‘combat aboveal otherkindsof martial activity. Horse Theurges
havea knack for acquiring Gifts from spirits through the sheer
force of their elegantly worded pleas. Philodox bom under
Hors influance rarely encounter diasention when they ren
der difficult judgments due to thet ability to argue their cases
«convincingly. Galliards ruled by Hone perforin their songs
sand stories with grace and style, while Horse-born Ragabash
favor physical pranks over mental trickery.

Goat (Sheep): Intelligence,
Gentleness and Capriciousness

One of the jentlst of signs, Gout's reputation fr mild
manned behavior often lea othe to take advantage of her Her
‘nrellgence, huwevet more than makes upforher apparent meek-
1s, Her greatest weakness her hespucntly catieous natu.

Goor-borm Abnoun tend to fight only when necesany and
then make at point of using the minimum necessary, force.
Theunges born inthe Yearof the Goat favor the Ciftsrelateito
‘heal and protection. Gont-bom Philodox make intelligent
slecisions, but ten show mency toall but the most recalcitrant
‘miscreants. Galliands born under Gooe'sinfluense peeform with
peat artery al intelligence, while Goat-born Ragabash con-
tent themselves with minor tricks und harmless pranks,

Monkey: Inventiveness,
Independence an? Opportunism

Monkey rdiatesinventivencss alwnyscoming up with
new and improved ways of doing things. Her independent
nature, however, so leads her down lonely paths:
fortunately, she doesn't mind being one step ahead of the
roid, Monkey's chef flaw consists of a ruthless opportun
ism thae drives her to succeed at the expense of others.
Ahroun bor under the Monkey'sinfluence being their

Inack for invention to the battleground, Monkey Theurges
fend 10 undertake solitary quests tor knowledge, wale

Philodox hold to their own judgments even in the face of
‘overwhelming dissension, Monkey-born Galliands tend to
"improve" on traditional songs and stories, adding new
venes or changing the ends of rales. Ragabash bom during
the Year of the Monkey seek new ways to play old tricks.

Rooster: Vivacity,
Abdventurousness and Pomposity

Rooster project vivacious personality and an adver
‘turoos spirit. His zest for living infects all around him: He
an. hawever, deseoau inte didacticiem and posmposity

Rooster Abroun tend to rush heaillong into battle,
howling bonsts all the way. Theurges bom in the Year ofthe
Roosterseek out unknown pathsto follow. Rooster Philexkox
‘use theit enthusiasm to bring others around ta their sk
while Rooster-born Galliards often experiment with new
stylesof performance. Ragabash Gurouintluencedlby Rovster
often risk their own necks in the pursuit of trickery

Dog: Mobility,
Devotion and Pessimism

One of the noblest signs, Do enjoys a reputation for
devotion and stendfast loyalty. She never lets her friends
down and exemplifies ll thats worthy and ue, Unfortu
nutely, Dog also fs tendency to see the disk side of
circumstances, drowning in extreme pessinis,

Abhtoun bom in the Year of the Dog make idesl ayport
‘roopsiand comradesin bale, Dog-bom Theurges apply their
devotion to theit quest for knowledge, while Philodox ruled
by Dog appeal to the higher instincts of others when passing
judgment. Dog Galliars relish songs and stories that feature
great hermes and selfless actions, while Ragabash born under
the influence of Dog rarely play tricks on their close friends,

Pig; Truthfulness,
Sensuality and Gullibility

Pig seldom is, even shen it would be to her advanrageto
do so, She exudes a vital sensuality that makes her attractive to
bothsexes Shecan, however, display atendency toward yalibil-
ity chat makes her an easy mark for less seruplens indica

Abroun bom in the Year of the Pig seldom hide their
intentions; they preter direct attack' over stealthy actions.
Pig Theurges refuse to dissemble when secking knowledge.
Philodox born under the influence of Pig make certain that
their judgments are based on verifiable facts. Pig-horn

Galliards employ all the senses in theirpertormainces, while
Rayabash born in che Year of the Pig use erath as a cruel
‘micror for the foibles of others.

Comets, Eclipses
and other Aetherial Objects

The thief thie Athilal Raub cote werent
catthly heavens they mitror. Besdesthe planetary Incarnse,
at myriad other spirits make theie home in this part of the
Umbra. Although they do noe figure in the Garou lunar
zodiac, some of these denizens need mentioning

Matagar, the Lord of Beginnings

Known to Wester astrology as Sirius, the Dog Star,
this lesee Incattua once held yseat influence over the lands
of ancient Egypt, Matagur's appearance in the sky heralded
the onset of the flood season of the Nile valley and marked

the beginning of a new year and a new planting season
Realan in the vicinity of Zao,

Macagar occupies «

x0 Rage Across the Heavens

——— re . ;


ee AA

who considers the lesser Incama as one of his faithful
followers. Matagar watches over beginnings: He also repre:
sents loyalty, tenacity and persistence in the hunt.

Degarda, the Lady of the Horth

Cilled Polaris by humans ind Yooked! no as a guide by
anclent navigators, Vegneda seklom strays from her tiny but
potent Renlm. Vegneda ropresents dedicate nal otemlfatnes.
‘TheGetofFenristegard the uardianefthe North Celestial Pole
asthe keeper ofthe World Tree Yagxenil, while the Children of
Ghia sce her a the center of the Wheel of Transformation,
‘Stargiser: honor Veganda a2 the Unmoved Maver. Veja
sometimes acts as the patron of vision quests and long journeys.

Jzarra Tarana, the Star Singers

Groupes togethers tearra Tarana, these lesser ncamae
nha the cluster of stars known as the Pleiades in We
mythology and asthe Seven Sisters othe peo

Lands. Theirsisto preside overfeastsund yah
Kinfotk once used the Star Singers to ma
{for their Samhain celebrations. The song
fortify the heart and strengthen the

‘whorake the rime tolisten fortheirmiaicawhile
in the Actherint Realm.

np 7
proportions in the material world. a of
‘Wyrm by some Garou, Anthelis looms
in the Umbra, Whatever spirit presides ov
nswcamerhaeyet tomate fem toe

the material world; whalyforu its cuming wi
subject of much co lation,

Comets and Meteors 2 lh ‘

Human history links the appearance of comets

Actherial Realm as their fiery howe streaked through the |

phynical skies, After long study, inclusking journeys into the
‘utes edyes of the Actherial Realm, the Sep of the Stars has
concluded thar these perpetual ravelers embody aspects of all
three members of the Triat. Bom from the denth af planets or
asteroids and capable of vast desmuction, comets collect the
negative cnengy of the Wyn. As potential dspeners of the
seeds of life dcxshout the wilany, cometsshare a kinship with
the Wyk! creative impulses. The regula pats of comets and
thepredicability oftheir visisasociatesthem withthe Weaver,
Although 2 few Garou seek out the regions of the
Actherial Realm through which comets pass in the hopesof

‘heavers with significant, usually catastrophic, enh re
(Cometscmse an increase in Rage among Garou when fst seen
inthe heavens Once, many Secnincne |
the vehiclesior Wermsoinits.allowine them nassare through |

Chapter Two: Speaking the Language of the Stars

——— iy 6/4

ioe

communicating with the spiits of Halley's Comet, Comet
Kohoutek, Comet Hale-Bopp and their cousins, these be
‘ings seem reluctant to make their purposes known. They
remain objects of wonder and speculation for both the
‘Garou and for humankind.

The appearance af metecr showers such as the Leonids
Perseids also cause concer among both human and
tou populations In the Actherial Reales, meteor showers
1s lery sparks of energy, exploding actoas the vast
psof the Umbrannly to disappear lost as cn a they
ge Some meteor sparks contain balefire while others
eure surges of Wyld enctay. The Sept ofthe Starline
de many attemprs to capture the Gaffling spirits that

co cling to the cosmic debris thar makes up a metoor
it in order to discover why these celestial fireworks
Gite emanate from either Wyrm or Wyld saurees

we all the Northern and Southern
Shit, iridescent veils in the Aetherial
¢ solar winds of Katanka-Sonnak,

asoutridersforthe Win Rider
§ fron bie co Eshratta's domain,

1 fear you've seen too
rent that human news
a to the confused and emp,
"Tipe! only i the Unb una paint
Batt you the eerie! aleplent glow of Anthelis to dusrate

necessity of vpllatnne the messages from the heavens
srology prog ccrmmen. language with which we ean
lush the Cisne os thei
AStrO RY A practiced by huoncms i the maveiat world
(fron a paucity of understanding. The mowern world hus
to great lengths to prove astrology wrong and substitute the
es facts of ascronamy for the vibrancy of a universe
by lining spirits of stars and planets. Those that do
too often goin search of easy answers or lear wo read
Dee tr onder to nam a profit
‘AML 1 can say to one clos ts this: Ht the Ub, the
Yeti mani hese as mec ese the Ac
realm. Inonder to combat the Wyrm. the fal as, we ned the
assistance of these powerful pits. Gaia the center of eur word
fur we are bu one planet man anmense material wd Uist
ccasmos. The Apocalypse does not just chreaten Euth; impinges
‘onthe ene Tella. The Wyrm does not ust went to destny
‘Gaia, he wishes to devour ll has, ws ana ul be.
Si, take ey wishes wick Sout james tthe
realms of the Celestines. Listen to the omens arul pertents
{provided you by the stars' exemal song. Do tha, or forget 1

message and go your own wary, hoping that ehe final days do
Tot catch i unprepared Chbise wel

81



(0 ase propherle vistons, omens
the basis for chronicles or as

ic stories. How:
ist ofall, you must prepare
2 "text" which forms the hasis fie the prophecy or else come up

swith lst s for the character to encounter,
Second lear idea of how your prophecies
telate to your story. Third, you have to allow forthe possibility

rnwill come up with their own interpretations of your
s, dreams oromens—which may not

cerprecations you had planned

des some examples oF prophecies,

The Prophecy ;

iol in Werewolf: the Apocalypse,

aty and superscript inwertons are

‘ew fo this sourcebook. Feel fee to ure these simples a written,

‘tomodify them in whole oe in pa
rvtnacting

The Prophecy of the
Phoenix, "Res ted

One of the oldest lee
the Phoenix, details ¢
Inpse, ln the wake of the
nly fring co

the final
0 mark the fulfillment of many of the
is the Prophecy of the Phoenix.

veto use them as guideline fo

proplctic visions

we Garou, The Prophecy of
Wt seven signs of the coming Apoca-

a

Chapter Three: Storytelling: Omens,

AT TT,

The Prophe
of the Phoenix

Carried me m his claws
High above che world.

mation of our kin, Hunted beyonl hunting. death
one. There were no mone childven, or
ciddxen,orfathers,ormathers. This was the
ome, that th
‘ge 16, the Garon.
Toke,
el he ut

«Sign Phoensx
hikdven of the Weaver, the Humans, ond

saw mona have

Ther houses oxen Sapir, shee
pach earth, trying
ofthe last days, thas Phocnix shined tne, that dhe
ld do,

Hooked again

from Fer, Thisoas

U beheld the hind Sig,

wsny. So mare chuldren, So many Huu

Wyrm boughs f

wana, And che strange Pre Ian, out

rl, the eat Plume rvmg over the waldemess spre
nl. And Phan

ofc

wherever it choms m that dal

igns and Portents 83


ASS

of the Soa as Ske Reena, for some drunken fool had poured at lake
of Mack death out wpe her?

{ curmed my head away in disgust, but could nor help but
sok again

I bell, shen, the foot Sign.

‘The Wyrm grew powsful is wings farmed the breezes of
decay I spread is diseases and they were horrible: the Herd became
ofc wth dense ofthe heal aa the boc. Cider were born
twisted. Anama fell sch anno ome cond cure thers In ches inal
day, even the Waren of Gait col nox escape the plied talons
ofthe ckess-bringing deachbid *
tear my eye, I Looked agin, and he Phoenis showed me
the fh Siem

{ow other Phare singe death specs toward the bead
‘hy, plein leting Father Sun bom ar pach Gaia, The ar ree
‘exe dhe dane of Wane war, The planes withered
‘in the sum, A cry of in ad disease arose frm the dying forests as
rv the rlatos ened tear of wong"

Then, as chowgh wel were torn, the sixth Sign showed
seself tome

fn these Lose days, Gia shakes tm nage. Fie bas from the
depths. Ash Coons the sky."The Wyrm sas nthe shadows ade
ty these. .ame rears to sre." The ol nese gum; he Guardians
‘ofthe Psthwoys and the Crosroads ae fished Isthese indy,
the sinc Sign wil make itself known ithe Packs that form. Back
Pack wall hove vzo self a Quest, & Sacred Journey i must
Perform. Such i the wil of Gia.

Avid saw the sy rum Black, and the moon sass Hood. °

Ara he seventh Sig I lonpsed, though I could nat lok om
‘fl, Bu shea ea el

The Apocalye. The final ds of the wml The Moon was
swell by he Sion, st Bur His bully." Udy fine ell
{che rv, urge al, twisting us md mags voi bad."
The Wyma sf mapiestin the towers and the eran ct
cra he kn, ral everyuhere is chldren vam nompant, devouring,
exon, calling doe arse of every hn. And the Het rm
fea. Av the ark Ones, cre of the Wm, crauke from thr
caves ana walled the seve in dalgh.*

‘ued my head from she sight. Phoenix ld mes "Thi sas
‘vol bi, fa nt as i oad."

Phoci eft me he

Now, cannot cbeam. ex only remember the Sgr, each ome
Inperfece deta These rete ls das, May Gata have merey on

Commentaries On the Signs

of the Last Days

Many Gani elders have pored over the words contained
in The Prophecy ofthe Phoenix, fa certainlynot the fey, not
will be the hse. Yer all who hear this ancient song find new
earning nts word

tia seme, | om' merely reiterating the work of other
adi my explicationsof the Signs. However, mite i the
ecizion 10 put the words on paper, on electronic disk, in
defiance of the okt traditions. | firmly believe that cach of us
whotendathe Prophecy in the sint ofeverence and discovery

ot Rage Across the Heavens

RL TT SR ion;

will peet hack one moré layer of mesining from this harrowing
vision granted toone of ourown so fongago. Read. Understand
‘Question. And defend the words

1. This Signundoubcedlyreferstothe slowdwindlingin
numbers of the Garou ax the result of the ascending powet of
humans.

2. The second Sign indicates a two-fold manifestation:
eweepopulation and Gzsine Ute Prophecy prownts he Sigisia
oughly chronological order, then the crowding and sarvution
detailed in its words indicates the rapid growth ef pos-amedieval,
society fallowing the fis outkreak of Inquisitor pere=ution.
Invked, reat famineshave plaaved much ef husnan history. The
previou century included the hish PoraroFamine of 1848.0 wel
2s the Russian famine of 1891 and other similar disasters har did
not receive as much attentien. In the 20th century, famine has
become a constant in some parts. of che world. The widespread
starvation in the Soviet Linion under Seal in the 1930s, the
cantinuing lack offoodin Africa, widespread famine throu
‘Ai, the Middle East and Africa does not diminbh.

3. Moat other commentaries on this rection agree that
the'Thitd Sign refers to norable disasters ofthe current century.
The "great Plume rising over the wilderness" seems to deseribe
the 1986 accident at Chernobyl ("that dark and cold land")
‘while the "lake of black death" poured upon the sea most likely
refers t9 the Exxon-Valdes oil spill of 1989, although the
Endron Pequad incident atthe Great Barrier Reef tat least as
convincing. Even before these atrocities, however, the drop-
Pitigof che atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki aswel as
she rampntuiclear teatnigot le 1950» sexu lceral "planes of
fire into the acmosphere, poisoning the nr. This sectien,thete-
{Gre ial probability resonates with an entire body ofenviran-
mental depredations involving ndiation and tonic pollution.

4. Docmeunedefommiicshavewaystnnpunstlinngh
societies licted with overpopulation, poor sanitation and
imesponsible breeding, The list two decades, however, hive
seen the appearance of many epidemics und pandemics thar fe
the paeametorcof this potton of che Pasphacy. ALDS iene
anelysprtings to mind, but the outbreak of ebota and other mea
views, de incidents of "mad cow" disease in part of Europe
and the systematic poisoning of meat-animals through the we
of chemical preservatives also qualify as bona fde instances of
"isemsexof hehead an the blood." Some commentators have
‘expressed the opinion that this portion of the Prophecy also
alludes tthe Silver Fangs!*afliction." My immediate reaction
of denial must, fae, admit tothe sight possibilty that these
servations may have some accuracy,

5. The fifth Sign concurs with the syraptoms of global
‘warming and the destrction of the cane layer, fatal lows to the
«vironment andthe ecorstem of the planet. The burning ofthe
‘in forestsand thepeevalence of drought (easing mee fain)
seein ofall into thisectionef the Prophucy, With thismaniesetion
ofthe Sig, wetnove seni mtotranegcbalcanserophe, cca
‘not us the human population of Earth bur the entie bok living
‘tearures nd the physical sucture ofthe work:

6. This Sig finds ies realeation ina plethora of rata
Aisaters tic have literally altered the face of Gaia. The inereasing
incidence of major earthquakes, volcanic exyptions, tidal waves,


A ft

foods hurricanes undother catoclysanic events in the litter halfof
thin ceacury seems to indicate Cat's area to shake off the
orrkome paraitesthat have mposeda death sceenee upon het.
The akerition of weather patterns. which some scientists believe
Feesages n new fee Age and others claim (oretells a masive
earning of the planet — either of which could result in the
‘etinction of the current evolutionary paths — indicates that a
mative chunge looms on the horizon,

7. Upto this poins, the explications ofthe Sins have
‘resented litte problem for the observant and intelligent com-
‘mentator (und 1 hope | fal into chis category). The ionagery
employed by the author(s) ofthe Prophecy seems faitly expli
In its reference to disasters that affect the human snd animal
epulacions and the physical environment. With the oblique
teference to che Wyrm [whio) "skulls in the shadows made by
thee and eat mi" we fallin dhe ama goer.

cere events, Now, the mig
we move into the future and me ecome ls el

oe whether It epeesentt
recitation — perhaps, *
ROR = & nie
posible explanations ae
analysis assumes thar che pause ix merely af
that "Wyem" refers to
Wynn-apawned creatunss -
hate-filled individuals or groups
ingters. This in

snows what foo Ba 6F an

boweliof thea, awarcing the
ee ccna sencen) ~ ah es chains

‘8. Thissetitence presents another problematic piece of
seat The references wo "okt ones" and the "Ciaantians of the
Pathways and Crossroads" beg foe identification with spectic
s20ups. "Okt ones" might simply tefer to the heroes ofthe post,
\whono longer walk the earth in physical form. The Gusedtans,
however, teem to indicate a apecific group of sentries ot
watcher. One posible intespretation brings great feut to my
beare The Actherial Realm stan as the Crosoanl of the
Umbro within ili the Pathirays (or bridges) o other realms
and anchatheals. the Guantiancarefinithed," she Proph-
‘cy states, then the Pathways and Crosstouds lie undefended
from invasion by the lepkonsof the Wyrm. And someting has
fvaded the Aetherial realm — in the form of the Red Star
called Anthelios or the Eve of the Worm.

Chapter Three:

9, The reference here to packs that form in response to

the unfolding of the sith Sign reflects phenomenon that hus
already manifested more and more often, multtrbal packs ate
coming togethers the esut of come sort of mystical suminon
ing or in answer tou vision or dream-memage. There isnwo way
‘o.compile accurate statistics on "the ratio of numbets of packs
‘tonumbers of questad packs since the besinningof time," but it
sccins that special packs atise with increasing frequency nowe
10, Manypropheciescontain phrases such ashi, tal soune
‘commentators demis this phrase as visionary "window dressing,"
| think thove worthy scholars erin their casual acinaderowand a
stand alone within the body ofthe text. If we teal
context, as following fren the preceding wate
thways and Crossioads" without Guandians" and
lundetraking "Sacred Journey," then we realise
doesnot concer the physical sky and moun at
and bloody moon cited in this pare of the
the Umbra sky ans the rem of Lama in the
"Thisstatemenc stands, in effect, wa dcclaatin,
ding free (I refer you 10 Anthelios, above),
Bin, this phrite either refers tw conmic event of
ic proportions — the snapping of the moon from its
seu erplummerdrough space into che inferno of the wun
or else it describes an Umbra ocurtence. My interpretation
ities tha this sentence predicts a wat in the Umbra

wgainst one another — possibly by a corrupting

Hpi) Tht Umatral events mirror of i some cases,

Pin 9 commic war

ly fies" f this port the Proplicey May,

an Uy beabence of

KW to bum up as they enter the
tthe areas where they make
arith thet raioaceive mineral
ictim vo vomit Howl 6
oly fies" coulaker
refer to ourbreaks of rucleur wat — Whether global of limited
Again. the resultingradicion would icken there within the radian
fits effect. Asan Limbral phenomenon, if Celestial war doee
‘curt hetween Hefios ana ama, then the weapons ised by Helion
would — by their very nature — consis of flaming matter oe the
Unnbal equivalent of soba res
13. This segment of the Prophecy (and the one whieh
follows) seetn to encompass nt just the Apocalypse as revealed
tothe Garou bucal the final days of other supernaturs groups
and indicates a cosmic fink berween the two. The childen of
the Wyrm called vampures also i eemss have theit legen of
Doomsday Thus parricular reference to the Wynn's manifest
ton in "the towers and the rversand the airand the land" may
tefer to the emergence of the vompites from their period of
‘hiding, Ieako may reflect the increasing boldness and brazen
nce of such agents of ehe Wyrm m9 Paste, whl give ever

Storytelling: Omens, Signs and Portents 85

ay 1/4


more blatant in is manipulation of human wiclery. kn esen ineurthing
his part of the Prophecy seems co indicate a coming reign of generation,
teroe, orchestrated by the combined armies of dhe Wott

to the "Dark Ones" who crawled from Fang Galland and Apocalypse schol
areets in daylight" may n

cmoie Che Forgotten Signs:
= the Eye of the W
and the ret C eh

Notallpropt

avlight hours
apply in such a siuation),

se provides the only glimmer of hope in

heword

wt hal he

in porticular, the Silent

mir with the coming of the Apo

86 Rage Across the Heavens

LLL LT TS TER, TT,


wee AA

The following prophetic pieces come from various sources
batallscem toreferroeitherthe Red Star ot the mets-born cub.

Some Garou Philodox theorize that, just tect confionta-
‘ton with the Wyrm causes insanity n Block Spiral Dancers st00
ssill che growing influence of Anthelios, the Eye of the Wyrm,
‘couse an increase in madness among both moras nthe Garou.
For the Silver Fangs this possibility spells potential duaster.

The Eye of the Wyrm:
The Coming of Anthelis

‘The enb of the Wn opens in the heavens, and macbess shall
rade the skies

‘A rain of terror sal fli drops of ine an ice, ke wea froma
san everaneeping eye

— from dhe prophesy-visions of Simeon Abel al Hakim,
Silent Strider Hheurge

The Sun's Destroyer

When the solar wis ease thatr els jumey though the
empey spaces, «greater shall sou, heraldry the death of
Fromthecdge ofnothing, from within she center of
svt, harbinger of death shal oe its blo ned eye,
Desmueson precedes ts comm
Ruan follows ims wake
This tthe fs death of the vowverse — dhe.
—Eshuara's Song i

‘ WA
The Perfect Child

Tuo who shin not be in unblesed union join, :|
‘one perfect whol, raul in frm but dak and if
Perfo shall the child by callad. Daanad shall be is
father. Doomed i saved shal e the wen
— fron the Death Somg ofthe Crowiass
(Chill of Yakecen, born in sin
Agen fectin es witha
Wrapped in beau, fla! with Rage
Sings the death sony of the age
from the Vision of Eeyarlagh Tuice-Horn
‘And the armies of destructor: marched forth, led by the cid
‘hat should not be and bearing the sign ofthe eye of thedcwoneres ips
fs brow Aunt tha chill, nothing cond prevail. The heavens
shudtered once in sorrow ana despair. Then all ws sil. In the
alence which foiowed, Read a voce sap, "Thus chat my
come topassyetalis noe uncharge. Sek, therefore, the chi that
$y ay prevent the end of al sings."
— from the Dreams of Gulterz Moonsiser

The Legend of the
Thirteenth Sign

‘Thisprophey efersnot to the "signs" ofthe Apocalypse,
buctothe "sins of the twelve-month hinaccalendar of Garou
astrology, The "thirteenth" sgn is thar of Rorg, the Mang-
Taloned Hunter, whose physical manifestation comerises the

asteroid belt, once the site of a planet which exploded into
crhiting pieces of cosmic debris.

‘Anan the final days, the Mamy-Taloned Hote val casts
talons toward the earth, seeking vengeance om the Wyn who rent
‘casunder 50 longa, even if that vengeance should threaten al of
Gaia's creation.

‘Are those who see i fiery laws streak across the skies wil
quali tert, lanai that thet dom & xp ther.

Who cam hea the hues wands! Who ca tame his less
ager so that hs ruin muy mot come abet atthe cost of wld?

Lo, the many ave made ome. The legions of dust reform ano
Lik cis of sand the sans un es spirit

Shall the hater become the hare iy order w cd the won:
Aeecen' Whoareng wile he nd eytheietn?

1 The Lins Koonce of she Thexrpex
[tows skh
Fears driv deep
Bake the Wyrm's throat
ing she Wyrm's exe

eae

— fom tie Hilts of Mooncaller (Red Talon (alia.
ie

The Children ofthe Wyrm
READS ND fal dss ie i or
A atin ‘Sons of the Wey, antine

i ae Bl they hovered above the nusiness of
ala spreading thes mfluence ax eagles or

Tas svcd dass

RS hep mextness andthe highs of ory hey came, yet
mad hide from my sgh. watched hee coming

i fir otra aden Whatstthey seek?

‘hi those days; wo, I sow a new star herald them coming and
aha pediratteeitmderdyremiash This cae

Wand hea, and nothing more revealed wself to me

— from The Wanderings of Meros

aaeain and Storytelling

ries rely om the use of prophecies, signs und
sl dopeh on sani plats. Sto

telling mythic tales need to know the subtle diffreaces be
ween omens symbols and portent as wel as the distinctions
between prediction and prophecy.

Omens

‘Omens attach significance to occurrences or objects,
saving hem meanings beyond thei suifaces. The sight of bind
flying overhead sey wt cut onan raportan joumey might
bode good or ill depending on several factors the eype of bi
the direction in which the bird isflying and whether or not the
bird encounters obstaces — such as a predatoe of a strong
upsinift. Actions can serve as omens as welll Breaking a mirror
the proverbial symbol of bad luck — just before stepping

Chapter Three: Storytelling: Omens, Signs and Portents 87

——


eon a SS

Jews night signify trouble in the Uinbra, In genteral, omens

re specific snul discrete events or objects.

Portents

de a rich opportunity for portent

Symbols

smbols involve ising one thing to stand for another:

sre symbolafor the objects they name, symbols

intngs (1. the color red symbolizes blood) or

veference materials exist on

Prophecy or Prediction?
chenselves prophets but individuals skilled
|

the edds or che omens

Prophecies and Storytelling

ng prophecies in a Werewolf chroni

alt itself in obacute fragments of poetry, song.

framework for Antheli
the fulfillment of

gays (Chapter: Four)

1 prop
phecy of the Phoenix. This

rnchuding

he legendary ry can serve as

‘vexample for using prophecies, omens, visions, dreams and

ryrell re their prophecies beforehand

yteller shoul! vary the forms their

ake in emlee to avoid feelings of déjh vu in thete characters


ee AA

* Ancient Manuscripts: This is one of the most cotmmon
ays to introduce prophecies into achronicle. Character with
an interes in history ot rare books ean come across a volume
intherate ookssection of lkracy.tuckedaway inated book
store, at an auction erin sone other faahion, Bear in rind chat
best nay co reveal Gatou prophecies — werewolves
res of oral dition, and don't write theie stories
down I's pomible chat through Kin or other contacts. Garo
prophecy might find ies way into occult manuscripts — bue
anything gleaned from Garou wiadem and found in 2 book is
undoubtedly thtd-hand a best

* Performances: Storytellers can have the characters
amtend » Grand Moot or some other meeting of Gaeou where
they heur allt' performance of astory orsemyconcaining
«prophetic passage. This gives the Storyteller the chance ta

recite, singor read aloud the prophecy for her characters.
Dreams: Dream sequences allow Storytellers to on
struct minileumay filled with syrabobs an foreshadowing

Recurring phrases heard while dveaming ca remain with the
characters when they awaken, spurring thems to search fr the
meaning of cheir nocturnal visitation

* Vision Quests: Characters who son vision quests in
the Umbra or who practice meditation cant receive vision
which contains peopheric meswge. This ivan integral pare of
shan Garou prophecies, 36 Theungesand alliands)podeep ine
the Limbraso thar the pirts can rovea! hidden things to them.

* Street-comer Prophet: The characters may encounter
x penon who walks up to them, spouts a prophetic couplet ot
verse and then departs, pettaps vanishing mysteriously around,
svcomer or down a dark alley. If this happens several times,
characters muy decide that they have received some sore of
supernatural warning ot portent

‘Once characters have heard the intended prophecy, they
may act on it or research it further. The Storyteller can
‘embellish the initial prophecy with aeditional verses, pars
graphs or contradictory passages. Periodically throughour 3
rophecy tise story, omething shoul occur which teers to
the prophecy or sceins partial fulfillment of jt. Characcers
rately unravel mote and more of the prophecy — often
through hindsighe ("Oh, chars what the passage meant!"

Prophecies need not have only one micaning, ne do they
have to be literal descriptions of future events. Onicles fre
quently speak in symbols or figurative speech, lesving it to the

Ihearers to decipher the meaning of the words. Sioeytellan

ouk! listen co characters as they attempe to interpret the
prophecies they come actos. I the characters cote up with
Particularly ineresting or innovative explanations of cryptic
hmies.a Storyteller may use the character' insieht to entich
her own material

‘The prophecies contained in this chapter can seeve as
ides for creating eriginal pieces of prophetic text

Storytelling in the
Aetherial Realm

Seories chu take place tn the Aetherl Realm present
Storyteles and playees with cumerous challenges anda weal
cof opportunities. While Chopter One details many mpecr ofthe
Actherial Reakn, it focwwes on the domaine of the planetary
Incamae. Each Lncamna'stealn fonitsdireetly anaothe Actheria!
Realm though cach abv has its own Petwrnbra. Characters
phot have tw enter the Petucaben ofa plane in order to reach the
presence of the incama. This leaves aloe of roo
ta develeytheie cum icoox about the

other celestial boys) Penns
Mars coull resemble landscape fos the works of Edgar Rice
Burroughs, while Venus' Penumbra could have the pect the
‘water world described nC. S. Lewis' Pela, Character tha
center the Penumbra from the Aetherial Realm muse cross
"keaser Gauriet (difculty 4) in order to do vo.

Inaddicion, the Aetherial Realm — as a mitror of the
universe — contains a host of places not detailed in this
soureebook, Storytellers may even wish toconatruct Realms
for vome of the more distant stars yuch as Alpha Centaur
or the Andromeda gulaxy. Indeed, the Wagnerians hive
been searching for another Gaia-spiti far off inthe reaches
for centuries. You might even want ler them find wt — hur
be cateful if you do. The impetus of the Apocalypse is lost
WGaia isn't the only world; in the World of Darkness, thete
should be no second chances

Chapter Three: Storytelling: Omens, Signs and Portents 89

LLL STS STR,



For we have seen his sur in the east, and ane come to worshi him.

Matthew 2:2

Introduction

The appearance of the new starin the Umbra has thrown
the denitens of the Aetherial Realm into chaos. As Insane
mass their forces in preparation for what may well
npossible due to the cure of tenlty borne
postal, now sees) —h
Gato. Although mest werewolves
both the me

begin
earth alec vee

lias. The bie
feat thou

yall metis isa new era

remait ignorant thorn cub and the

arid the world
to take up the Wyrm's banner. Some believe chat by slaying
dhe metis-bom cub, they can prevent — of ar least post
pone —the Apocalypse. No one knows for certain just what
the child represents — bur al who seek co gai
babe acknowledge its importance in the coming yean.

what they believe is the cub destined!

Anthelios Raging places a group of player character
he erage! vechild,
allows Garou characters to discover —
and beconve part of — the wae for the cosmas tha rages just
beneath the surface of everyday events, While:

have alteady wou great victories ove

wou in the en

Motecver thi

of suffered ignominious det

foes, few werewolves hive

ured behind 1
Actherial Realm,

scenesonto the vasterhattle
where tary and pla

Anthelios Raging presents an oppartunity for C
to do just that and, in so doing, they have the
) for their actions. No

characte

chance to gain Renows

some Garou will oppose the
abuse upon them and theit
Farou will hail the characters as hernes

Buia —urw the Wyrm,

‘the burden thar fallsupon

rept

s. Other ¢

forsuch isthe:
the characters' shoulders

The Plot

‘Anthellos Raging concerns the events which follow the

birth of a cub ummation that

simply should not he Nor only dows this birth dey tbe fi
tenet of the Litany, it also consticutes a physical impossibil
ty. Metis, by nuture, are unavoidably sterile — unable to

conceive children. Furthermore, most Garou

wwoidahle deformary

either father o

believe the the breed stigmnatice

Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging 91

a


Setting the Scenes

Maniy derails (such as specific geographic loea-
tions) have been deliberately left vague so that the
Storytellercan tailor the scenesto fitherown chronicle.
In most cases, whether a city scene takes place in
n New York or small town' mid-America
navter 50 long a> dhe elements basic t0 the
iescence are present. Itiseven possible to set
the chronicle in Europe, Australia or South America.
(Other locales such as rural Aftica or parts of Asia may
present problems whien elling the story, buc with
customization, che story can take place almost any:
where. Wilderness yeenes can occur almost anywhere
accandingothe type of terrain mentioned in thescene.
‘A portion of the story oceurs in the Aetherial
Realm and may include a number of Incarnae domains
1x well as the pit orrry of the Sepe of ce Seas, For
sdetails regarding these settings, Storytelleesshoukd con
suit Chapter One of this sourcebook as well as Umbra:
‘The Velvet Shadow.

them as accursed by Gaia. Logic holds that even ifa metis
couple could span, their child would therefore inherit an
‘wverabundance of physical or mental imperfections (assum
ing it survived t be born at all). This meris-born cub,
Inowever, seem flawless — at least on the surface.

{es worth repeating that the events ofthis story have no
"official" conclusion in the World of Darkness. The cub will
rove important in the future of the Werld of Darkness, but
it's much more important that i€ prowes important tn Seu
‘World of Darkness. Thisstory n't meant to take the charac-
ters along on a sightseeing tour and eventually have them
stand helplessly by asa fixed plot requirement plays itself out
= they re central to this story. They determine iFdis cub,
whether messiah orright hand of the Wyrm, lives ordies. The
fate of the Apocalypse may well depend on theie actions.

Rather than presenting a fixed "story-line," Antheliot
Raging offers a lene framework far Storytellers to use in
‘building their own chronicles involving. the metls-born cub
and the implications of that event for the Garou. As Story.
teller, you can pick and choose from among a number of
sens thoas mou sppropeians far your paetioulue cory (in
addition to creating your own variants).

(OF the ideas presented here, use the ones that seem
relevant for your chronicle and discard the ones that don't
apply: Certain scenes lend themselves to action-adventure
stories, while others involve phayers in a heroes' journey.

The open-ended mature of Anthclins Ragmg should
encourage you to decide for yourself just what che metis-
been child cepresents. Ac chis polit, ever the experts in

Garou lore dan't fully comprehend the significance of the
birth — only that it significan

Somme Storytellers may wish to come up with their own
allies ane! antagomusty tm addition € (oF instead of)

peerage emma naenaearemnenenaceesenmesiacnniil

the ones presented in this chapter and in the Appendix
Crossover stories involving the entirety of the World of
Darkness can draw om the fact that many disparate groups
hhave their own legends of the "eral times" — such as the
anticipated Gehenna of vampire mythology ot the Endless
‘Winter prophesied by changelings.

In essence, the bare bones of the story involve a few
hard facts: two metis fall in love and produce a child, The
child, born is Crinas form and without any obvious flaws,
hhas some special significance connected with the Apoca
Iypse. Sirmltaneous with the birth ofthe metis-bora cub, a
‘new star appeats inv the Urabe, one that only the Garou and
other supernatural or Awakened creatures can see. The
‘emanations of the new stat bleed through into the physical
‘world, though che star has no pbysical presence there — yet

The plor revolves round the connection between the
smetis-bom cub, the Red Star and the player characters

The Troupe

"The Garou characters can involve themselves in
theeventsof Anthells Raging in several ways. They can
become smardians of the metis-bor cub and take or
theresponsibility ofdetermininghow to raise the child
Alternatively, the characters eould sappaet one of the
factions opposed to the metis-horm; in this ease, they
would ict as antagonists to the parents or guardians of
thechild. Another possibility allows or them iohelong
wone ofseveral groupssecking to gain peusession of the
child after fitst locating the cub. Finally, players of
metis Garou have the option of actually hein the
parents of the metis-born child (there's certainly an
inbnormal numberof mets pairings out thete, based on
how many players crow about iton various websites). tn
thiscase, the child' fate would gain an intensity often
‘missing from inany storics in which characters simply
act as facilitators oF "heroes."

Of course, your chronicle should already dictate
‘whether or not this last option isa possiblity. If there's
already a inetis couple among the pack, fee! free 19
apting the pregnancy on them as a surprise — as it
should he! (At least you certainly don't have to worry
about whether they've been using birth control ot
Tot...) Ifthere'sonly one likely metis candidate in the
frck, try inttoducing » potential metis mate for him,
and see how that goes. In fact, the longer the time
between the inception of the romance and the begin:
‘ing ofthis story, the beter — thar way, the relation:
ship lias « chance (o grow into something more than
mere plot hook. Make the romance mean something.
Then hit them with the plot twist.

Whenever possible, the scenes described below
offer saggestions for various roles forthe characters. If
none of the options or examples apply, the Seoryteller
and players should create their own possibilities.

2 Rage Across the Heavens

——

ine, <4


oe aA

The significance of the metis-bom cub andl is rela
tionship (or lack thereof) to the star called Anthelios
forthe heart of Anthelios Raging. Because each chronicle
revolves arouncla particular group of characters, however,
it up ro each Storyteller to decide ust whar the meri
toi cub's als wears co fer aime: This souicebonk
provides suggestions but does not give definitive answers,
thusenabling Storytellers and players to work together to
create their own chronicle of the Apocalypse

Does the mett-bom cub represent the lifting of
Gaia's bom on mating between Garou! The dwindling
numbers of werewolves in the Last Days and the increas-
ing power of the cornupting influences of the Wyrm may
well have brought about a reverstl in the longstanding
curse of sterility and deformity associated with the birth of
ametis Garou, In order to increase the werewolf popuila-
tion, desperate means are necessary — even those that
might, under more fortuitous circumstances, eventually
result in rampant inbreeding and an increasing distance
between the Garou and theit human o¢ wolf Kin.

On the other hand, does the meris-bom cub epito:

se theultimate corruption ofthe Garou Mas the Wyrio
managed to insinuate itself into the spit of an apparently
"perfect" child mondertostrike its greatest enemy — the
Garou — from withis
‘Doeé the star Anthelios represent the antithesis of
Helios, the prserver and auainer of ie? Taira harbinger of
sternal winter! How much tio will pass heface it assumes
snaterial foer and appears as new object in the heavens?
‘Whar oem will Anthelion ake when itdoes maerialize? vit
an asteroid of monumental preporrions nimes for the earth?
Or isiciterally a new "stat" drawn into the solar system?

Theme

‘Anthelios Raging deals with the shartering of comple

ceney and the realization thatthe Garowars infact, living on
the threshold of the Apocalypse. All the battles against
rminions of the Worn, all the politicking and bickering for
imial leadership, all the internecine wars for dominance of
the Garou marion pole in comparison with the times that lie
ahead. Every experience the Garou have had to this point
standsas mere dressreheanaa for the "big ane" According to
seme Garon prophets, the Eyeof the Wyrm has opened in the
shy. The Forbidden Child now wall the earth in Criae form.
The heavens resrand with che butte eres of the Incaene.

Although the primary events of Anthetios Raging re-
volve around the disposition of the metis-born child, an

cotlex dja sani thing dhl stony, emphasising the coo
ric nature of the story tell, The str called Anthelios (oe
the Eye of the W ram) figure like a malevolent nativity star,
hovering over the scenes — drawing friends and foes alike
tothe place whcte te child awaits. Abhough the characters

‘The Mature of the Beast

Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging 93

LLL ES ET SE LT

Toes the metis-born cub have an attunement with
Anthelios? This might be the cave if child and star
represent an unholy alliance against the Garou. Alter:
nately, does the child symbolize a fence that can work
against Anthelios?

The menis-bom cub showy no apparent signs of
physical deformities. It's your privilege to decide whether
‘or not the child's seeming perfection conceals a hidden
flaw and, ifvo,the nature of tsmetis taint. The child may,
in fact, horbor a latene physical imperfection eat only
snakes itself obvious ina form other than Crinos this fact
will not emerge until the child's First Change. The near
perpetual Rage of the cub may, in fact, represent an
‘emotional defect or mental disturbance that qualifies as
tmetis deformity. On the other hand, the child's violent
riantrums might signify something more sinister — the
result of the influence of Anthelios ar work within the
child's spirit. If the Eye of the Wyrm does exercise ts
power within the child, you may allow characters to
attempeta sever the connection between child and
thus giving them a chance toeffeeta change in the "best
laid plans" of the Wyrm.

‘Although the characters involved in Antheis Ragong
may never learn the reve meaniny ofeither the metisboen
cub or the new atar, you should have some idea of what
both truly represent: Youshouldalso deci the particular
circumstances of the child's birth with regard to the
identity of the parents; Did their union come about
accidentally, xsatevult of rape or in deliberate defiance of
Gaia's law! The answer may prove thematically signi
ant, so think carefully

cannot directly encounter the Red Star, which rem:
ensconced in the Deep Umbra and waits in the wings fr its
time on stage, they do have the chance to discover more
about Anthelios and determine for themselves whether the
star bodes good or ill for the Garou.

Many mythologies center on the birth of a child who
becomes a fugitive and is reared in secret. Some are saviors
— Moser, Jonur; King Arthiwe— while others; like Oedipar
and Arthur's own son Motdred, are destined tobeing ruin to
‘ities and kingdoms. The responsibilities attendant os ais-
Inga child who might be savior or destroyer also figure as a
‘prominent theme in Anthaios Raging

Mood

‘Anthelios Ragingevokes several moods, Inthe:
ofthe sory, the characters should experience the co
andelf-doubr that comes rom suddenly finding themselves
saddled with unexpected responsibilities. The many group
vwho develop a sudden (and often hemtile) interest in the

iynats


characters should create an
mn

snowphere of paranoid and
the story maves from the physical world into
the Actherial Realm, however, the maid should change to
one of awe and

Incarnae in theit

In the Beginning:
Opening Scenes

Settinga chronicle offtoa stare that engages and holds
the interestot the playerspresents the greatest challenge for
Storytellers. Anthetios Raging can begin
dependingon the roles the characterspla
asom the type of story the Storytell
following scenes preses
tavolwing the metis-bo

Intervention

umility as the characters:confront the
mes and view wonders unlike anything

eplotaswell
intends to create, The
lifterent ways fo start off a story

story in miibaction, asthe packof
pon a young, woman in the midst

losing battle to protect a small child — a Crinos cub
churactery have the opporn
likely in defense of the woman and ¢
ean come from

‘The
to join in the fray, most

ld. The opponents
nuinber of groups interested in acquiring
ct slaying the metis-born cub, but the Stweyteller should

eee ra Af Aras cares oe

ve strength of the characters so that they
ir chance of defeating the opposition. Otherwise
the story's end could come about in the first scene

Toadd tot
of the mother's

scene's intensity, play up the conviction
ackers. They should appear completely
convinced thar they must succeed in capeuring ot killin
ww then later. Ifthe playersare unnerved by the
antngeniata' strength of wil, then they'll be deawn farther
tato the story. By the end of the hattle
the characters should have possession of the child, either
by receiving a charge fiom the dying moth
take refuge with them.

Dreams and Portents

‘The Storyteller can foreshadow the events of Anthelos
Raging by using dreams and portents to alert the characters
tothe existence ofthe metis-born cub and starethem outon
aasearch forthe child. The examples of premonitory dreams
given in "Star Light, Star Bright" at the begenning of this
book illustrate ways in which characters ean eeceive infor-
a through visions or dreams, In some cases, dreams or
other portentous events can provide cleat directions to the
child. More often, however, charactersnneed to interpret the
symbols of their dreams in order to decipher the clues that
will lead them to the child's location, Scenes involving

care fo


a Lh
Family Matters

Hf the characters elect to play the parents of the metis-
‘bom child (orone of the parents), you can begin the chronicle
(orat leas this current phase oft) with the birth ofthe child.
Playing through this event can add intensity and immediacy
to the story. Along with providing the characters with 3
strong motivation to protect the child in thei mids, che birth
can aio allow Storytellers to being in the first sighting of
‘Anthelios in the heavens at the moment ofthe chi's entry
fnco the physical world. Other characters may be sept of

packmates of the parents. They may support the metis parents,
‘or oppose them, but should be given a reason almost immedi-
ately to protect the child if not the parents.
Lost and Foundling

‘The pack acquires the metis-born cub under seemingly
accidental circumstances. They might come upon the cub's
hiding place in the aftermath of « bartle between the (now-
deceased) parents and some unknown assailants, who were
‘unable to locate the cub after killing its mother and father.
Alternatively, the characters might find the child left on
their doorstep — pethaps on the edges of the bawn of their

Although most Garou remain unaware of the exist-
ence of the metis-born cub, afew groups have knowledge
of the child and destre to gain possession of it. Anthelios
Raging incroduces a few of these groups as either antago-
nists or potential allies for the player characters. The
Storyteller should feel free to add scenes that include
some of these groups or design her own.

* Septof the Prophecy: The Garou ofthissept rarely
tnternct with other Garou, except in times of dire need ot
extraordinary circumstances. They collect and study the
ancient prophecies of the Garou and possess a few frag-
iments of prophetic vere unknown to most werewolves.
They become aware of the metis-born cub almost as soon
as it is born. Their goal ts to find the child and make
certain that it lives to maturity, for they believe that the
metis-born signals the end of Gaia's curse and that the
child will grow up to lead the forces of Gaia in the final
battle against the Wyrm.

* Protectors of Gaias These Garov alto know of the
birth of the metis-bom cub. Their prophecies tell them,
however, that the child represents a threat to Gaia. They
have dedicated themselves tothe destructica of the child
in the firm conviction that its death serves to thwart the
forces of the Wyrm. The Judges of Doom, a Shadow Lord
campot Philedox dedicated to punishing infractions ofthe
Lieany, have allied themselves with this group; they claim
its because ofthe affront to Gaia represented by the cub,

‘© Hive of the Wyrm's Eye: The Black Spiral
Dancers who make up this fanatic group believe thatthe
‘metis-born cub signals the impending Apocalypse. Proph-

Interested Parties

‘acm or ina dumpster outside the apartment of one of the
pack members. In any case, however the child comes into
the hands ofthe pack, the characters cannot tell for certain
what significance the cub has—oreven thatitissignificant
"They can perceive that the child is Crinos, thus implying its
tmetis nature. They can draw whatever conclusions they
‘wish from the citcumstances and from the realization that
the baby seems to have no physical deformitics.

The Other Side of the Coin

Antagonist characters can hear of the birth of the
smerts-born cub either through dreams.or visions or through
reports from reliable sources. Theit task, in this scene,
consists of locating the whereabouts ofthe child. What they
do when they find the child depends on what they believe
the child represents. In all likelthood the characters belong
to one of the major factions involved in the search for the
child. Storytellers need to make certain that the characters
citherdon'tfind the metis-born cub too quickly ifmembers
ofa faction that would kill the child) or else that they harbor
‘enough uncertainty about how todeal with the child to keep
them from destroying the cub immediately.

‘ecies they have received from their totem spant indicate
that when the child undergoes the First Change (into
tbuman form) and achieves maturity, she (or he) will
‘emerge asthe leader ofthe armies ofthe Wyrm. Theit goal
‘consists of acquiring the guardianship of the child, thus
‘ensuring that the metis-born cub joins the ranks of the
Black Spirals,

+ Hive of the Broken Star: Opposed to the Hive of
the Wyrm's Eye, these Black Spiral Dancers fear that the
ametis-born cub represents the forces of Gaia. They seek to
‘ther kill the cub or kidnap it in the hope that they might
keep it ignorant ofits true purpose.

* Section 12: This ell of Pentex operatives comssts
cof subverted Garou and Kinfolk-fomori under the leader-
ship of a high-ranking Pentex research scientist. They
have gathered enough information about the Garou to
know that the child is an anomaly. Theit deste is to
acquire the metit-born cub for experimental purposes.

* Harbingers of the Sun's Death: Composed of
several disparate groups, including members ofthe Sociery
‘of Nidhogg, a Lasombra vampire and some members of the
‘Unseelie fe, this group hopes todiscoveraway to"destroy"
thesun — either through the perpetual darknem of nucleat
winter or through some astronomical event that would
hhave the same purpose. The Shadow Lords within the
soup have an interest in the metis-born cub since they
believe thac it will bring about the Apocalypse. They,
therefore, wish to take the child for their own and raise it


oe AA

Friends and Enemies

{all Likelihood, the characters acquire pessesion of the
meriecbor cub soon after the story begins, Once the child
‘becomes » wand (cr capeive) of the characters they find
themselves beset on all sce by yroupm who wish either to take
the cluikl away from them or tokill it ourght. Nomarter what
theydo,someonestandereadytoshelter —orambusb —them.
Not only does the exitence ofthe meti-born cub polarize the
(Garou in general, the characters may find themselves engaged
in acer conflict asto the fae of their charge. Storytellers
shonll encourage aa much ainbiguity as possible, since the ee
nature of the child shold remain a mystery for some time —
perhaps even beyond the confines ofthe sary,

‘The following scenes describe meetings between the
characters and several groupwwho abso desise to gait mes"
sion of the child. Whether of not the encounters result ia
combat is up to the Storyteller and players. Storytellers can,
decide whether or not to use sotne, all oF none of these
groups; the characters' natures and theifiti
allow Storytellers to choose the m:
Jenging encounters for the ch:

Strong Arm of the Lit
‘The Protectors of Gaia

Litany snd ofthe will of Gaia, the Prorectorsof Gal
me of the most formidable:
—andtnany Garou whosedgoshelt
Tilon-ofJadgment, the te

Protectorsseek nothing short of che ultichare dest
‘vetio-bom cu and is parents — provided they still

imiry have the characters come upon @ one-
between the Protectors and the cub's parentsiJn 1
the characters would have to pit themnselves ajainst
‘Garou in what appears to be a no-win situatign. Even if th
do defeat the Protectors, they place themselves in a precari-

Position with regard to Garou society. While many
‘werewolves realize that che Protectors represent an extrem:
they leo know that this group defends che Estarny

# onenly opoosing them implies lack of adheernee
fundamental principles of the Garou.

Ifthe characters succeed in keeping the child out ofthe
clutches ofthe Protestors this group of fanatics continnes to
purse the child. While they may not always engage in open,
‘corubat, they do attempt ta keep tabs on the characters (and
their change). They may institute 0 campaign of overt and
covert hurassmens, wing thei influence amongimore comser-
vative werewolves to make life ificule for the characters at
Tong as they insist on protecting the chikd. Play up their
conviction, but also make it clear thar these are not fallen
Garon, They may referto the cubas*it," refusing to acknowl-
edge itasGarcu. and they may eek takill anacgeeinnccent,

but they truly believe that if they fail, the cub is destined»
take up the Warin's banner and lead is forces inthe final
battle. The Protectors astheir name implies truly ove Gan
— ‘which should make them uncomfortable antagonist

Evennually, the Protectors may atcempc 10 bargain
with the charactets in an attempt to make them voluntarily
surrender the child or my institute some sort of tril before
«grand council of ranking werewolves in hopes of facing
chem togive itup. The porssbility chacehe Procectors might
just be right in theirassessinentof the child should cause the
characters many sleepless nights.

Best Enemies:
The Hive of the Wyrm's Eye

Most Girau havt a strong instinctive reaction to any
‘encounters with, Black Spiral Dancers. Encounters with
rarely involve peaceful interaction.
belong to the Hive of the Wyrm's
mpikto keep their initial meeting with

sa possession of the ehild through
Ethe Pyotectors of Gaia ot the Hive of the
) membersof the Hive af the Wyrm's
imwith an offer of shelter and protection.
mies Eeyarlagh Twice-Born, the Wyrm's
js-bom cub vgaals the appraach of
e ful i a. reat loader-to-be
Hime dhe chetwcrers meet Eeyarlagh, and her
je@dall thehelp they can get — even when
Bhs if thels supposed enemies. Thisscene
oineteal dilafnmas for thw characters, mak
hike theyhelieve about the Garou,
pe akthe Wyrm's Eye wishes to ain contol
henticlves, they care enough for the survivial
leader (the metis-born cub) thar they are
ing to compromise with the characters if necessary. Ifthe
ineist on keeping the child, the members of the
‘Wynn's Eye insist on providing the child's caretakers with
asistance in the form of bodyguards, financial support and
other concrete asets. They offerthe characters shelter theie
Hive, promising that they will not try to convert anyone
gaint hee will this might be » blast lic, aud ic anigle
actually be the rwisted ruth. Should the characters accept the
offer of hele, then they may find themselves engaged in a
battle for theirown sanityand soulsay well as thoseof the child,

Search and Destroy:
Hive of the Broken Star

Unlike the Hive of the Worms Eye, the Black Sera
Dancers who call themlves the Hive of the Broken Star
believe that the metis-born cub spells door for these who

serve the Wyrm. Their goal consists of locating and killing
the child, Combat between this group and the characters

%6 Rage Across the Heavens

——— i in


Nas rrr re

a

ee A

seems inevitable unless they can somehow convince the
Dancersof the Broken Starthat the child shoul live nt least
until its First Change. In all probability, however, the
icters and the Hive of the
Broken Star will erupt in violent conflict.

Broken Star manages to get hold of the cub, the

encounter between the

dedicate the «
spite co the Wyrm, Thus, even though these Blick 5
soerfice ofthe chikd within the Wyrmbole of theit Pic (ori
comparable place in the Aetherial Realm if that is
feasible) This nears, fat all pessib, the members oft
Q ethechiMdalive: Ieabo
tuys time for the characters, giving them a deadline but
allowing them the chance to find and rescue the chill

Stein Berfellows:
The Harbingers of the Sun's Death

The Garou who belong to thissinister grouphave entered
into wconspiracy with at least two other factions of the World
ries. The gal is nothing less than the obliteration of
thosun—orat least the perpetual concealmentofitslight, The

Singer. These voices eomimand hi

she the att

nujority of the members of this group
elon w the Society of Nidhoge, a
controversial seeret faction within
the Shadow Lords, In addition
these datk-Lovi Hare

Sun'sDeath
heir control of darkness)
the Unseelie Court, who.

time of darkness known as the Erless W

power
angeling

The members of this gr
bom cubsince they consider

the workd of the
‘While the F

opie Vision,

binyers may offer the charac

nswhoseck pox
he child and wil
eventually seek to wrest the child from the character:
Leauuira Silken Smiler, useducuive Shadow Loed wlio hides
her ruthlessness beneath a veil of softness and civility, leads

any negotiations becween this group and the characters

Benign Assistance:
The Sept of the Prophecy

The werewolves who belong tthe Sept of

direction orasistance ns necessary
reclusive and, for the m
several tribes. A mixture


el 1h

‘most part, with an Ahtoun or two to add some muscle if
necessary, the members of the Sept of the Prophecy spend
their time studying as many ofthe legends of the Garou as
they can in order to determine the timing ofthe Apocalypse
as closely as possible. Their studies have led them to the
{knowledge of both the metis-borm cub and the birth of the
‘new stat. Guided by dream sent to them by Sokhita, their
patron, members of the Sept of the Prophecy locate the
characters at some crucial moment and offer them a place to
hhide or show them where they need to go.
Their leader, an ating Calliard named Gulia
consist, has a wealth of
chukrearing which she willing
(naddition toher motherly (org
also has a formidable body of
the characters conceming the
and the allies they might find.
(orcreate other membersof the
characters further into the stor}
is aie travel into the

be hers

Once the Storyteller has
the diferent groups who cover
destroy the child, the situation
cated for the werewolves luck]
become the guardians of the
scenes involving pursuers,
should make life difficult for che
the pressure on the characters
attempting to hold onto their
Garou (who may disapprove of
‘general principles) the Storytelle
characters in the direction she
following scenes offer some pom
"interesting" for the charact

Big Bad Business:

Storytelles who wish to expand the list of antagonists
can bring in Section 12, a team of Pentex special operatives
who specialize in research and experimentation om
werewolves. Headed by Reginald Vaughn, a corrupted Sil-
ver Fang Kinfolk, the members of Section 12 have learned
about the singular occurrence of fertility in a pai of metis
‘werewolves. They wish to acquire the cub (and the parents,
if they are still alive) in onder to use them in fertility and
breeding experiments — perhaps with the goal of cloning
fertile metis werewolves.

Members of Section 12 may approach the characters
with the offer of shelter. If the characters agree, Section
members take them toa safehouse — actually theit "secure"
laboratory located in a semi-rural area. Once there, the
character find i difficult to leave, since the security guard

‘on the premises carry weapons designed for stopping
werewolves (including silver bullets). It may even be that
their "benefactors" offer medical assistance or other needed
help at first. This would, of course, be an opportunity foe
Section 12 toexamine (and posibly experiment on) the cub
anilfor the parents. The scientists might start carefully under
the guise of caring, then gradually become more demanding
and lees careful at they become mote certain they can
‘contain the threat ofthe characters or rid themselves ofthe
‘unwanted parry membersaltogether. In order forthe tory to
Droceed the character should manage to escape with the

er can explore the interrelationships

ctersmay decide toconceal the parentage
this only provides a temporary respite.
to threaten the eaern until the sepe
the truth and decides thatthe charac-

he greater good — and to avoid charges:

on ofthe Litany that prevents violating
Ifthe character lied or concealed
sepemates may feel betrayed and

pe to take shelter with Kinfolk,
a similar set of problems as theit
der fre from groups who want the

‘Some Garou chancters may attemot to hide the child
inmortal society. Ithe pack includes Glas Walkers Bone
Grnawess, the idea of seeking the anonymity of life in the
"big city" may offer some initial appeal. The folly of this
approach should soon become apparent; humans cannot
«deal with a Crinos cub (however "cute" the child might be)
in their midst. The characters either have to find a way to
‘conceal the child from anyone they might meet or else we
Gifts to disguise the child (a temporary measure at best)
Even if the characters think of ploys such as joining a circus
(and passing the child off a a circus freak), their enemies
‘eventually catch up to them and make life miserable — if
not deadly —foranyone associated with the child. Different

98 Rage Across the Heavens

a iaiiael


A 1th

circumstances leading to a similar outcome apply to any
attempt to rear the child in the vicinity of normal wolves.

Above and Beyond: Sirius Darkstar
and the Sept of the Stars

‘When the characters begin to despair of their task, they
should encountera mentor who can introduce them toa grou
of werewolves who can not only provide them with real
ansstance but whore caem lies in a place inaccestble to most
cf the enemies of the mets-born cub. Sirius Darkstar, a former
‘Utena Theure, joined the Sept ofthe Sears when he discov.
«ed that his interests and theirs layin the same direction,
Sirius Darkstar has observed the travails of the cub's
parents and followed the fortunes ofthe characters as they
serge with their responsibilities as caregivers forthe child.
The character' fit meeting with him can either seem
accidental or can take on the trappings of destiny, depend-
ingon the Storyteler'spreferences. In any case, once he
‘tablished that he has the best interests of the
child at heart, Sirus can offer guidance through his drea

about the metis-born, Sirius personally believes that
child is noc predestined to be either the deliverer ot the|
destrover of the Garou. He feels that the child serves as a
catalyst for either eventuality and that those who raise the
child can determine her destiny. He hopes, naturally, that
the duty will fall vo the Sept of the Stars, but the characters
can serve as a good substitute if they insist on retaining
‘tuardianship of the child.

Remember that, like the other members of the Sept of
the Stary, Sirius' lengthy exposure to the Umbra has trans-
formed him into a spirit-crearure. In order to interact with
the characters the "flesh," he must create a physical form
{or himself —materializing in the same fashion a spirits do.

‘This physical body gradually breaks down if he remains in
the material wal fre ton lang.

Beyond the Gauntlet

Eventually, the characters should realize that their best
chance for dealing with the child lies in the Umbra —
specifically inthe Aetherial Realm. The problems of bring-
lngupa child whose birth form is het Crinos-shape seem less
bothersome on the other sie of the Gauntlet. Furthermore,
scrong hints —through omens, prophecies and ten-foot-tall
roadsigns ifnecessary) —lead the characters toseek advice
and counsel from some ofthe greatest spits in the Umbra
— the Incamae themselves. This tum of events allows the

soup to participate in storytelling on a grand scale — as
sand as it gets.

Star-bound

‘This scene can occur whenever the player characters
decide to take the metis-born cub to the Aetherial Realm,
If they follow the direction of Sirius Darkstar, they find
themselves guests atthe spirit orrery ofthe Sept of the Star.
The Seargazers who make this realm their home already
know about the metis-bom cub and seem to expect the
characters. Although they possess information that can
help the characters, including knowledge of the appearance
Anthelio, there is much they do not know. What the
‘of the Stars can offer the Garou, however, sa tempo-
refuge and an introduction to the realms of the plan-
spirits. These Incamae hold the key to resolving the

‘of the metis-born cub — or atleast they can offer

help in determining the childs fate and purpose. In
ition, if the characters have not heard the prophecies
led in Chapter Three, this scene provides an ideal

Sept into creatures who are more
itthan flesh. This should not be readily apparent tothe

however, unless something happens to empha-
this fact. Gifts that ullow Garou to sense the presence of

‘The charactersmay decide toseek the Aetherial Realm
their own, without assistance from the Sept of the Stars
Storyteller should prepare todescribe the journey tothe
hhome of the Incamae's realms. Ifthe characters enter the
Actherial Realm without stopping by the spirit orrery and
introducing themselves to the members of the Sept of the
Stars, they may find their dealings with the planetary
Incamae problematic. Nevertheles, the characters should
have the chance to ws all their knowledge of soitit peooitia-
tion tofacilitate their relations with the wery powerful spirits
that make their home in the Aetherial Realm.
Inallldkeldhood, characters visting the Aetherial Realm
may interact first with Jagelings who serve one of the
Incamae who inhabit the inner planets of the solar system.
Sooner or later, they should attain an audience with an
Incarna — likely either Sokhta or Katanka-Sonnak. Re-
tardless of whom they meet, however. the Incarna should
insist that the Garou pay proper deference. (See Axis
Mundi: the Book of Spirits for some hints on how to
approach a spirit in the proper fashion),

Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging


eA Sh

Presmably thecharactersarrivein the ActherialRealm
with the meris-hor cub in tow. Any spirit who eficouncers
the chilean sense that the metis-bor cub

have to de if they wish 10
protect the a

need to jutifywhy the

Incarnae séheranight heli

only thing

jourgey amafig the realms of the planets. The following
scenes provide kleas for encounters berween the characters
and the vatious Incarue of the planets,

the characters have learned (or already know) the
thascs of werewolf astrology, they may frst want to approach
theit astrological patrons — either out of curiesty or in the
hhope that these Incamge may prove more sympathetic or
helpful If Sicius Dadkstar (or one of the other members of the
Sept of the Stars) offers to accompany the charactety as a
smuide and intetmediary, he may suggest that the characters
begin with the Ineamae who uleoverthe innerplanetsof the
solr system. Because of thei relative closeness to the Earth,
Katunka-Sonnak, Sokhea, Nerigal, Tambiyab and Mitanu
‘mit seerm more approachable to the charycters and may ease
them into the task of eamnetine support for (or against) the
metis-born cub or information about the nature of Anthelics.
Forthat matrer, the charactersmay decide tostart witha visit
to Esharra, because of her asociation with Gaia.

Storvtellets need ot use all of these scenes (indeed,
players may tire quickly of going from one meeting with an
Incarna to another, similar, meeting). Ifthe players enjoy
takinga "guided tour" ofthe Actherial Realza, however, fee!
free to use all of the following cones Nawlaes 10 say
Storytellers should decide in what order to place these
scenes based on the demands of their story and on the
actions of the characters,

Storytellets should consult the informacion in Chapeer
One on the planetary realms and their ules to detail the
manner in which the characters must approach snd gain
accessto the Incamue. The Penumbra of each planet hss

to subrly guide the players toward
audiences with Incamae whose views support your decision
of the cubs role — of, more effectively, show the players

Le

both sides of the story, but offer subtle hints as to which
Tncarma has the elosest insight into the matter.

(One final wrinkle could come in the form of presents,
‘whether fetishes or actual Gifts, bestowed by the Incarnae.
Obviously, each Incarnashould only iveagifttoa werewolf
who impresses him by exhibiting many of the Incara's
"virtues;" and who elearly intends 10 act as the Incnma
advises. Certainly, such a scene Gan pick out a chamscter a
somethinyof "chosen one" himself this would be an ideal
time to put the spotlight on any characters who have been
languishing from a lack of attention,

Nerigal, the Jee Warrior

After the pack hus succeeded in gaining an audience
with the Ice Warriog, they may preven theie case to him
Keeping in mind the proper mcans of dealing with this
warlike Incama. If they have come to seek Nerigal's advice
‘on how to deal with the metis-hoen eu o¢ ask for infoerna-
tion about the cub ot Anthelios, the characterscan expect
toundetgo some sort of trial or undertake a quest in onder t0
receive the information.

Netigal bases bis judgment of the metis-born cuban the
child's apparent suitability, or lack dhereof, ss a warrior.
Since tie cub bears ho obvious physical deformities and
exsonetratesa decidedly aggressive atieude (remember the
‘cub's Crinos birth-form and its high Rage), tv lee Wartior
‘may tend tofavor the child. I however, Nerigal determines
thar the metis-born cub may grow up to use its powers in the
service of Anthelios or the Wyrm, he may recommend
destroying the child before it reaches maturity, Characters
who feel bound to protect the child may find themselves in
the awkwiurd position of trying to defend their young change
from the lee Warrior's Jaggling armies. If, however, the
characters demonstrate theit willingness to face dav thst
of War-spirits, the Kee Warrior may reward them for their
courage by sparing the child — forthe present. The charac-
tersigay argue that they can attemptto influence the'metis-
thom afl pethaps alter the child's fate,

Neri fcels the disurbance caused by AK presean of
Anithighigs. Hékenses thar ir represents af intrusign into the
Aci does not knows etigineFeconnects
the comingag At swith the Apocal yppeand welcomes
the i A, bane, eter soint
emerges ts thaliana oft Eye cf the W yum. Characters
seeking 4 means of avéiting the ‘may not find
Nerigal in thei

Eshtarra, the:Songteller: .

Becauso.of her reiitiblange fo. CTala, of which she isan,
aspect, aaior Gites comforcable ubifisst with the
thought lingatith Fabracra. habe initial encounters
with the spirits thatSserve the Songtellegphowevée, should
pith ference betwen yen aa

the Celeftine Herself. As the Songtelley, Eshrarra's

Rage Across the Heavens

aie,


\ nt

concems reflect the procession of Earth's history from its

firs sin the universe ta its eventual end.

ets have proven their worthiness
wey may seek the Songteller's
abu the metis-born the neWstar. In ordgt to te
information from this Incarnilfchowevethey" tui first

ith their own histofldgior with some plete of
lore of ineight

meet with Eshear

present

maygometo theft:
bor cubs The tncarna
vitineed of frotectoré
{young Ctinosand
malleable,

1d
with peeventing the untimely death of
ces with thes thatthe child's destiny raja
even if it bears the influen theligs,
The Red Star, however, concems Hee deeply, Si its
rich varieto€ Ife sae dhe

wins through into the phyalga' wat ai dis

nto the earth, Esher realm wil
AAlehatih she dae
nature or purple of Anthelic
‘© prophecies and songs that
"comming of the Sun's Destroyer" (Se

» revocable d ot know

anything definite abe

she does have

Mitanu, the Clever Rogue

elusive Mitanysff his eve
surprisingly iniightful lore from him, Their experiences en

charseteh te theifineed not only wo esp

Mucubu's artenition.
Hho finds them intrigui ough
Mitanu offers his thous! ye metis-born cub and

swith qu
puzzles which congain the
be entialy cerzaig that Mituny
sGite Sagem theyimay not even realize the uctual meant
the Incarna's words until

-fiomor, He sugges tha

cog.eomphicent in their notions of p
the cub existe) take thein down a peg or tw 28 not
cajand the appearance of Anthelios hav
in comnion, He my observe thae the dilermm

When the charters finally manage 1 locate 1

yet the wily Incarna should aler the 7

but co hokd

sar Hemay, how
tions tnadingeely
wnt by askin

either by

elling

athe ert. L

Mitanusees tbe metis-born cub

the metis-born cub migh
we the Wyre, drawn
the cub's fare rather

an the apron
Anthelins. ("he's what I would do..."


eae wl LS Sh

He expresses more interest in the new star than in the
metis-bom cub, His speculationson the nature of Anthelios
range from the likely ("Its presence threatens the balance of
power among the Incarnae in the Nagherial Realm") 10 the
wildly improbable ("Perhapig has milky ss for some other
universe.."), He does not admiliys any cliggo not knowing

completely finished with what they have to say. She may
continue to regard them without speaking for some time
afterwards, vesting their patience. Garou who find the
waiting period diffiedlt and who attempt to urge her to
answer before shg'ts ready risk-rousing her displeasure and
‘coming awayetipty handadfiom their meeting. Those who

Anthelio' nature or purpose, preling teaBime the spac anit rai recs
canapeculations.

and goad the characters into voici o
Whar the chamecters can gait
Mitanu is the knowledge that even thél
Income find oe prvnceot Anthea}

and of iaelf

Soka the Lambent Pe

u who penetrate the mysteriey muditinding the
answering their questions regarding Aimbelios and
the meti-bom cub. Skt represenudthe pect of Lana
thar deals with the unknowable and dhe Unknowns QAt0o
‘may grin valuable insights from dhelr meeting with Fer. kn
emence, Sokhta can lead the chmptters in thedlrection of
Knowledge, though she may lege them withalew mysteries
tovolve on their own

Sokhvea licens carefully two the chaggeters' anguments
i silent and reflective until they have

and queties, remain

a sce ahdlgecs horn cubsasa reflection of Onia's
Be Wo chedesperacion of the Garou. She reminds the

dheit Crinon form contains spec

man, sprit and flesh, the mets

‘apesolution to the conflict between Gaia and
‘Asgomething never before seen upon the earth,
this child borg from two supposedly sterile parents contains
Rendencies. The child i a new creation and
trpdiscovered potential, This, Sobhta tells the
have both good and bad consequences for
orts the attempt to nurture the child
up toxerve Gaia, although she warms
‘need to keep alert to signs of the
‘Wyrm' flbence ufkifishe metis-bom cub. She sees the
child's funteiag myater that will reveal itself atthe proper
time. To slay iy might prevent it from becoming threat
to Gaia bur it woulbalao raul in depriving the Garou ofa

possible asset in the final battle


eam re SI

The Lambent Lady has a less ambiguous opinion of
‘Anthelios. She has spent a good deal of energy coming to
tering with Katanka-< Sonnak she does not: need | tostart over
again Wh a new "entaun."

‘She Believes. chat Antlielios does, in fact' ther Ke
Apoedlyps® ind that its ayimption of afiterial font can
only patend ® tlie of greatyrribul fir the
‘general deh Kath fe ch the
‘pecularionihanc hen Sn eeantic
cone ee anni

KatankarSonitak, th iDer
‘Whenthe cha oe ge ‘srealm,

they may G4 wi

Anthelios and ul

appreciaes both sty

subelety, bar peefers rand dems and bo
"KatankadSpnnak responds positively 1

child's baély contained fary the same ever-blasing ehengies
that power the sun's heat. Characters who notice this may
‘emphasize the youth and porenrialof the cub to further gain
Katanka-Sonnak's favor for the child. I, however, the
characters mention the appearance of Anthelios in ena
junction with the cubs bith, Katanka-Sannak visibly with-
draws his approval

He openly and violently loathes Anthelis, consider-
ingthenew stararival. He believesthattheEyeofthe Wyrm
thas come to issue a challenge to Karanka-Sonnak's place in
the center of the solarsystem, He concurs with the idea that
Avthelo' arrival heralds the Apocalypse

Unless the characters can offer convincing iguments
for sparing the child, the Wind Rider advoeatet the metis-
torn cubly destruction, C

chil feoat@erain death athe hands ofthigfeamarnight do
well tm anguethiat it the cubeonnection with Antheljas inight
bean ailyersieil one rather than a supportive Pian,
explain thi the child's exfattince might act agit Eounterbal-
ance © 6, Kar wnak relents:
and conc ight.

Never nto believe that the
child may come € influence of the Eve of the W'vrm.

ith Hakahe,

they shoul ess
Thismded Incarningnay them
ahs GEE im ger tyre

need of his advice. Even then, Hakahe wars Nem that his
words mayinot give them comfort or guidance; rather, he
may lead them down the dark pathways of cheit hearts.

Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging

in—

‘Hakahe views the metis-born cub as « true sign of the

Apocalypse, but his attitude toward this realization may
surprise some of the chameters The Ebon Whisperer be
lieves in the necessity of the Apocalypse. Destruction pre
eedes creation, and should not be a cause for feat. He
recognizes the Crinos child as the fulfillment of sniyy
prophecies and, therefore, inevitable and desirable. Al
though he encourages the characters 10 protact the child, he
warns them that they may find their doom waiting for them
if they link their furure with that of the metis-born cub,
Ina similar fashion, the Ebon Whisperer secins t0
welcome the arrival of Anthelios. He has xpecte
coming of the Wyrm's harbinger and does ner feat the havo
its presence in the Actherial Realm may cause. Characters
‘may note that Hakahe grows almost cheerful atthe thea
of a likely battle among, the planetary Incarnae The Ebon
Whisperer informs the charactersthathe has pepsate for this
time fo&gons and has warmed the other Incamagtfu thy
+00, shontld make ready for the end of all things is naghis
je chat higbrother ‘and sister spirits do noygencem them:
eich Kiiy}ede that makes thetn ungdaoralfe, He is
Joh Hipecherncamas ly se

they may bask
dain. The

p cabs The Veiled
jeter HORon|y H mise the
child, but listemstmrwhar the child mighr have-tireach
ther. Bien if thexhild beaiy the mark Of Antheliow hie
tsincof the Wyam, the charucters should sieeept the chi
Tenge of reaiggthe cul' She suggests they Boqsider the
responsibilings a rest of the ty to atrike'® halance
between thedestructive foxce inherent i
and the creative energies symbolized by its Wyld natut.
The Lambent Ladycan supply the chatucters with sone
{information about the original place of the Wyrm in the
Triat and may emphasize that the Wyrm's madness, not its
destructive nature, forms the source of its corruption.
advises the characters to watch the metis-born eubearefully
for signs of mencal disturbance 40 that they can
sures to treat any latent madness before it surfaces
Tambiyah's feelings about Anthelios, however, bring
her defensive capacity to the surface. She urges the charac
ters ta discover everything they cin about the new star
that the Garou in the physical world and the planetary
Incamae in the Aetherial Realm can better prepare them
selves for a confrontation. She acknowledges the connec

103

TT,


oe a AS

destruction and ercation, but emphasizes the
pf striking a balance.

tery ask hyp about the meaning of this vision, he tells them

snot yet penetrated the veil of words to find the
truths concealed within. He invites the characters to make
their own artempts to decipher the prophecy.

Merossees Antheliosas the embodiment of the Apoca-
Iypse in the Actherial Realm, hut he does not regret its
coming. He tells the characters that death represents 1
doorway to a greater transformation, According to his

beliefs, the Apocalypse enables » new begining. He em
braces the inevitability ofthe Last Days, andencourages the

characters todo the sume. "Thisis why the Garou were created
— gr he el nee

that the child matures. Otherwise, the grand design of the
tmiverse, "thar which is written in the fabric of the stay"
may never come to puss

Zarok does not display such tolerance or acceptance of
Anthelios He considers the new star an. intruder in a
tuniverse that does not welcome its arrival. Zarok demands
that the chanicters artempt to rouse the other Incarnae to
‘ake anus und prepare w do bare wo keep the Eye of the
‘Wyrm from carving out a place in the Aetherial Realm.

Zarok seems to relish the idea of a great battle. He sees
the Apocalypse asa time of heroic deeds and asan opportu
‘nity for the ultimate victory over the forces of destruction
sand comupticn, Regardless of whether or nor the chantcters
agree with everything this Incarna
inspiration from his confidence.

danger ibey face in taising a chil

‘potential threatag the Garou and to the

‘of Anthelios with great
concern, sensing the wrongness that emanates from its dim
radiance. He advises the characters to learn as much at they
can about the new star hut not 10 attempt to approach it
prematurely Lu-Bat, like the other Incarne,reeogmizenthe
Garou tendency to act first and ponder the consequences
later. He does not wane them to precipitate a confrontation
with Anthelios before knowing its nature anu purpose.

He broaches the possiblity that the meti-bor cub
smigisthave the power to communicate with Anthelics—if
rot now, then later, when the new star becomes more
feominentand the child attainssaturtey. He wtlvises them
to watch the child carefully, Even if the child does fall prey
to the influence of Anthelles, the characters may find it
swseful havea spy" in theircamp. Lu-Bat hopes that some
snet of peaceful solution will present itself before Anthalica

104 Rage Across the Heavens

(Analy 1/2


ee AA

smanifestécompletely in the physical world. He tresto instill
this hope ityghe characters.

Ruatma, the Shadowed One
Ghee the thiltacters have achieved a

shadowy realm of Rut

‘bum our, fendin
until theyre ata
‘comes thr@ughin his

to Antiaelios. If dieenbs
then derving
ehattcters and through thei th
plans of theAWyrin. Healso notes thatthe
test the Grou tribes; those who blindly condemftthe child
asiisign of the Wyrm ora violation ofthe Litany may prove
too intransigent and brittle to survive the Apocalypse.
Those who, on the other hand, can entertain the notien
cht Gaia Herelf night have lifted the curse of sterility from.
hher-metis children may demonstrate the necesury adapt-
ability to overciomte the wiles ot the Wyrm'santies.
La-Bar has similarly complex thoughts on the appear-
ance of Anthelios. He does not speculate so much on the
nature of the star but on the consequences its appearance
‘atses to the Umbra, Hebelieves that since itseems tocreep
closer rither than streaking swiftly into full existexice that
the star might, in fact, represent an octempt to deaw the
‘Wyrm' dpponents away from itsactual place ofecmmbat. He
bs. 4 thapthe characters leam i lock beneath the

and. Hoe to see through the eye of their
te le a
A thidyice show h @tharac-

tery, muudling yet €

any clear: pm Mester GLu-Bat's

swale iy hadowed One'sintenttion. He
does nat © ro come away fap with
fixed le Hopes that those who speak with him learn

to thre raw all their previously conceived:

Shantar, theLoom Maker

1 che Shameters can thei thele way, through the
approach toShantar'stealn, they tiapask the Loom Maker
tor hee west oo the menses
of thé Incarrihe of the outer

reppoved utp the cong

mn

Chapter Four: Anthelios Raging

truth, however,

nce her realm stands to fee! the passage of
than the fealims of the other planetary

‘Shantar finds the metis-bom cub fascinatingand some-
what charming, ("This isthe fst new ching Gaia has come up
within cons'*) She believes thatthe child's existence proves
that the world has not grown stagnant with repetition, She
>uyayeous that tie cubsmight simply be the frst in asuccession
of cubs bom from the union of two metis. She asks the
churacters ifthe child belongs ro any mibe or ifit represents
the beginning of an entirely new tribe of Gntou. She hopes
shat he child becomes a force for change and innovation
among the Garou and tells the characters that itis theit
responsibility to see chat it does just thar

‘The Loom Maker voices her strong concem shout the

can heat a faint droning sound
cre fom agp suf to
ste ist wo vibrate shy nces
ith ane engl yahat hay wise
renew: . heer and

Ayirneabed
ingthrougtt his realm — coments t+
an. The characsets may fee! the bicteme'achat
surrounds this Incima. Hid "world exists only in fragments
and hefas never fofgiven the other ineara for allowing this
event tb come to pas
org responds to the inner fury of the Crinos cubs He
believes cut ifthe child can survive tdeservesta doo. He
warns the characters not to coxdle the child er peawect it
more than isnecessary Itsabilty today und pe
‘own should diccare whether oF not it deserves t
He suspects that Anthelios has come to the Aetherial
Realm for the express purpese of destroying the woes —
not just the reali of Exhrarrs bur all the other planets x
well, Rorg snarls as he speaks ofthe new stir although he
wishesto prevent itsdestructiveaims, healsogloatsover the
fact that Anthellox can da litle ta harm him o his reali
Hehasalready experienced the destruction of the planet he
once ruled. He figures that he has nothing left to lose.

ea a!

105


The Return

When the chareters have come to
travels through the Aetherial Realm they
Informa mn they can
cb Antheliog and the Incimae. Now they need
what to do with their knowledge,

d of theic
ay have more
ate about the metis-bar

decide

Ui, husedon thetrexperieneeswith the planetary Incamae,
remain determined to protect the metis-born
theirarguments in favor of this
nurse of action to the leadership of the Garou

They can di

this in one of two ways — either by

anvasnne the
tribal elders or by convincing

meetings with nated
ldersaf different tribes to
ll Garou. ifthe characters can demon
whole that the cub may represent

strate to

gain per
mmission tokeep the chikt within thesafety ofacaeen. Infact,

covncras foster homes for the
ng Renown for raising it. Of course, if
the characters fail to convince the Garou attending the
the child should live, they face either the
pect of killing the child or else escaping with it and
iru ostraciim for their defiance.

106

a

oshare theirknowledgef Anthelios
with as many Cia' as posible, either through the system of
mba mootsor else by manana ioea CTransd Moet orconelaion.
Thedebate about what the new star represents andl whether or

not it is the sign that the Wyrm. has shaken ite bonds may
distmer the Garou from the metis-hom cub and focus their
attention on preparations forthe final bare

Ending the Story

By the end of the story, the characters should eit
have an idea ahout how they should deal with the child

should have come to some resolution regurding the chi'
fie. The Quud decison, however, should belong 10 the

characters —and to them alone.

They may decide to leave the child in the care of the
Septot the Stars. These Garou are willing to raise the child
s0 longa they have a reason to believe thar the metis-born
cub is not inherently evi

The characters may decide to raise the child thet
selves. If 0, they need to find « relatively permanent and
secluded place — such as an Umbral Glade of a secure

wilderness hiding place — in which to rear a child whose
(Crinos form prevents her from associating with either nor
mal humans or normal wolves. If the chanieters ean find a

Rage Across the Heavens

ontenminny (4


ee

protector among the planetary Incarnae, they may ask for
sand receive permission to carve out thei own mini-realin
within the greater domain of theit benefxcto
allows the players ro retire the pack Hf they like,
‘new characters to start a new chronicle —one which may
culminate with the cub reappearing, fully grown, eight oF
ten yearsclown the road (or even sooner, given the vagaries
‘of Uembral rie), raul to lil ie estny

W the pack determines that the child represents a
serious threat to the Garou or decides that slaying the child
‘ay prevent the emergence of Anthelios into the material
world, chen zo bv it, Storytellers should male é difficult for
the characters to take an easy way out by handling the child
‘over to one of the groups sworn to destroy the child. If they
do, for example, seck to deliver the child to the Protectors

of Gaia or the Hive of the Broken Stat, they shoul have to
participate in the death of the child. Distance does not
‘ply innocence or lack of culpability

Icis possible thar the characters may fel thatthe child
is an ugent of the Wyrin bur decide to Jet it live anyway,
figuring chat at lensteey know whut it isand can combat
known enemy. Some Grsou fatalists may believe that the
child!sexistence nd the comingofthenew star represent on
inevitable furure

Whatever the ending, this isa major turning point for
ull Garou, Your players should (eel as though they've repre
sented dheit peuple in « great test, possibly te pretest

Don't spoil it by telling them whether they
right or not, though.

Since the party may end up as either temporary or
permanent guandians of the metis-born ub, they should
realize that caring fora child in permanent Cris form
presents many difficulties. Fist ofall, the Crinos birth
form of a metis means that the child must avoid exposure

human o¢ wolf seiety until hee Fine Change ‘This
‘ear that the party must find a safe and secluded place
tormise the cub or else keep it hicklen (or disguised) when
they venture away from "home" with her.

Most metic Garou epend thet early years within the
‘confines of the eaem of one or. both of thelr Garou
Porents, This metis cub, however, haw no such sanctuary
and few septs will accept the child. Some other
‘upernaturals, uch 2c mages or changelings, might agree
to keep watch over the cub, and chamcters may come up
with the idea of placing the child within a chantry ot
frechold. They should be aware, however, that mages or
the foe might wane the child for theis own: purposes,

Metiscubsmanurefasterthan human children, though
they stl age ata slower rate than wolf cubs. Most metis
undergo their Fist Change at around eight years of age.
‘Their emotional maturity comes quickly, too —

‘The Care and Feeding of a Metis Cub

‘must, to make the cubs strong enough to face life as metis.
Characters cannot continue 1 treat a mietis cub
child" for more than thtee ot four years. After that, the
ccub resembles a human teenager in interests and emcr
sional stability

Beenie of theis permanent Critics foes, ents che
femnin in a state of near Rage, Since both the paren
‘amet are Garon, the cub has no hunan oF wolf blood to
‘temper their inner anger, They tend toward violent emo
‘done and can fenay 2 the sightest hurt or incall, Charae
ters mast prepare themselves to deal with a child whose
tuntrums can have devastating consequences, Mes cubs
do respond to strong authomity figures and cian be kept in,
line ky characters with a high Intimidation or Manijails
‘don, The characters need to protect the child from herself
aas well as from human society and from most Garon,

Finally, although it would seem logical that the child
deformities, the metis-born cub has no apparent flaws.
The idea may occur to some characters that the child's
deformity consists of a mental or emotional disturbance,
Whether ornot this is true s for the Storyteller to decide.

Chapter Four: Authelios Raging

107

en A TT



Bring me my spear —O clouds, unfold!

William Blake

owner save tthe

par of the Umbra ray encounter spirits unlike those that
inhabit the Penumbra, The Incas
within the
‘that the

‘This chapter contains a number of Gift

syle world. Oatou who cravel and talens for use

whose domains lie

se without exceptic
rial Realm rest uneasy in their knowledge

rial questing; they

available only after ©
ren't found in a sep'

The appear

& A! ° a i
Bring me my bow of burring gol |

tion, new Merits and Flaws enable
anceofthel x ss and players to expan

nd many of the cour

hare their k u Astrology, which can grant

out ln

ferishesortalens
lings.

sv the ability to

make head and tail out ofall this celestial Jore.

from che Incamae or theit servant Ja

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws

Sr rT,

109
a


|

aA

Hew Knowledge: Garou Astrology

You have a familiarity with the Garou hunat zodiac and
‘ts patron Incarnae. You have visited the Actherial Realm
it east once and you have some ides of how te plan your
ction to conform with the most auspiclons times of the
year or month
* Novice: You! vested with yourpuck's Theurgeand
know which Incamae rule which month.

Practiced: You know which Incarae govem which
activities an the best rime to kavoke their asstance.
Competent: You en trace hack ehe beth sre of
‘other Garou tnd smell out powerful influences on
theit hives:
Expert: You have a keen knowledge of the fine
details of Garou astrology and would make a top
notch instructor in the lore
Master: You will eventually be drawn to the Sept
of the Stars

Possessed by: Actherial Denizens, Theuryes, Galliands,
Garou Astrologers, Umbral Travelers; Members ofthe Sept

Specialties: Planetary Incarnae, Comets, Aetherial
‘Realms, Interpretations, Casting Horoscopes, Planetary
Aspects

Astrological Rites

These rites do not pertain to any one of the astrological
im; they deal with the entiery ofthe Cinrou hunae zodiac
Garou who winh to learn any of these cites must possess not
nly the required Rituals Knowledge butal one or one of
the following Knowledges: Astrology, Garou Astrology,
Occult or Science. The Storyteller may, ofcourse, decide to
substiute other Knowledges forthe ones mentioned above.

ome ofthese rites maybe available only from certain tribes
‘or auspices. Any character who meets the Knowledges
qualification n these rites — provided he can find
semenne who ean teach him.

ite of the Auspicious Season

Level One

‘This ite not only honors the Incaena that rules a
Paricutar tunar month but albo serves to petition that
Incamna for help in certain undertakings which involve the
Iivcarna's patronuige. Although the basic format of the rite
docs not change, the specific details auch as the songs,
dancesor incantations, uses of incense or special colarsand
‘oxtumes and the inclusion of symbolic objects appropriate
tw the Incarna may vary. Garou may perform thisite ar any
time forany ofthe planetary Incamae, though the effecsare
roger ifthe tite coincides with the appropriate astrologi-
ceal month. For example, a ite to gain Netigal's favor fora
cominyy confrontation with a hive of Black Spiral Dancers
may be more effective when conducted in the month ruled
by Netigal or under the full moon, his favored auspice.

110

_————

‘System: Theritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of
6 if month, suspice or characters tribe corresponds with the
Incarna for whown the rte is performed; otherwise, the dif
caltyis7). Three ssceessesare necessary t git the attention
and favor ofthe Incamaunlesthe ite occursin the Aether
Realm. In that case, only one success is necessary. No su
‘cesses (or fewer than three for rites conducted in the physical

sword) indieatrea simple falute of the rte: hatch ine the
Tncama'sattention, but not in afavorable manner: Ifthe rte
succeeds, ull participants may gain a slight bons t some
appropriate Attribute or Ability, or ele receive some other
sim of the lncama'e favor The Storyteller can deeeemine
what benefits rewlt from a succesful performance

Gite of Natale

Level Two

Created by the Stargazers.as means of determiningthe
planetary spirits' influences on a particular individual's
destiny, this ite enlists the aid of Star-spitita to recreate an
image of the sky at the moment of a Garou's birth. This
allows the remaster tocasta horoscope" for the subject of
the ceremony, Neither the ritemaster nor the subject needs
to know the exact moment of the subject's bitth, chough
suchknowledge makes the rite caster to perform. The paver
of the rite enables the spiits to portray the correct configu:
ration of planets and constellations — thus revealing the
precise dare and time to the participants.

Although originally used only by Stargazers, a few
Garoa from other tribes who have studied the concepts of
Guroosstrology have learnest the ite fram their teacher in
‘mont cases, naturally, a Stargazer),

‘Systems The ritemaster rolls Wits + Enigmas, difficulty
‘Tiknowledge of the exictdate involved lowersthe difficulty
to 6, A single success allows the enactor of the rite to
determine the ruling planet of a Garou's birth, as well asthe
subject's auspice. Additional successes provide more de-
tailed knowledge ofthe positionsof the other planets s well
as revealing the peecise moment of bath. The Storyteller
determinesthe amount of information leamed from the tte

Mystic Rites

Mystic Ritesapply to conditions that occur primarily in
the Uinbra (including but not exeluatve to the Aettieria

Realm). Any Garou can learn the following rite as long as
she possesses. sufficient score in Rituals and findsa teacher

Rite of the Spirit Pass

Level Three

The performance of this rite causes spirits in the
Actherial Realm to accept the Garou's presence in their
‘midst without question. In estence, the Rite of Spirit Piss
makes Garon almost invisible to local spirits. Those who do
notice the Garou experience a positive alteration of thet
normal attitudes towards visitor. Friendly spirits become

Rage Across the Heavens

I,


et ft

actively helpfal while neutral ones regand the Garou with
amicability. Normally hostile sptits restrain their instinc~
tive dislike for the Gatou but may become helpful if offered
something of valve to them, Note that spirits who act as
sunrdians for Incarnag and their realms ate not subject to
thistiteand may become hostile if iiseastin theievicincy.

A Garou may perform this rte for herself, for another
Garou ot for a group. Each particinant in the tite must
undergo a ritual cleansing and a brief perio of meditation
inorder to purge their material formsof anything that might
offend the spirits of the Aetherial Realm.

System: The Gato qpervtea posi of Gracie sna rll
Charisma + Rituals. One wiccess allows the Garou perform-
ing the rite wo pass among the spirits without arousing their
ite, Eachadditional successenablestheenactor of therite to
affvce an aditional individ

Astrological Gifts

Planetary Gifts are care within the Garou Nation:
‘Theuryes can't readily summon the necessary spirits who
teach them. Most of these Gifts can only be learned by
questing to the appropriate Incama's realm and impressing
the Incama there. However the following Gift isavailable
comest Garou who are capable of summonityg Star-syritx —
although, as always, the Star-spitits are wually much more
Impressed if the questing Garou travels qo the Aetherial
Realm to learn fom them.

Theurge Gift

* Prophetic Vision (Level Three) — This Gift en-
sblos the Garou to receives vision of the future haved on the
study of the night sky, The vision usually reveals itself in
astrological terms ("Li-Bar's influence suggests an aicee of
acceptance wneard the events of the next sevena days" ot "The
smuervention of Shanta indicate hat changes mary oes rapidly
in the near future. ") This Gitt is taught by a Star-spisit
System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 7). The number of successes
inuicates how precise « vision appears to the chimscter. A
single success provides vague information, white three ot
more succewes allows the tevelation of specific detuils
Storytellers should couch their visions in symbols appropri

mand nutes at lea, he ses shoul liare

to interpret the vision rather than he spoon-fed,

Planetary Gifts

These Gifts can only come through contact with the
planetary Incamse ot one of theitspirit minions. Any Garou
«an leam any oral ofthese Gifts, provided she has attained
av mufficient Rank to do 20, however, some limitarions de
apply. Garou who pasiess the favored auspice or tribe of »
particular tocar may leam that Incaria's Gifts at the
normal cost in experience pointsascan Garou who are born
(ar experience theis First Change) duising the lunar month

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws

——— i,

presided over by thar Incarma. Other auspices and tnbes
must pay the experience point cost for learning the Gifts
from other tribesor auspices. For example, an Abroun of any
tribe or a Get of Fentis of any auspice may lear any of
Nevius Giftsar the standard cou for acquiring a new Gift
Likewise, a Garouafanyribe or muspice born ds
Junar month can acquie one of Netigal's Gifts
expetience point cost. All other Garou must pay the higher
price for the privilege

Naturally all the followi
the planetary Incama in question
spirit servants.

Gifts of Merigal

The lee Warrior's Gifsall pertain to com
both his fiercencis and the icy nature of his Rags

* Battlesense (Level One) —The Garoucat sensethe
best direction from which to make an attack, taking into
account the terrain of the huttlefield, the numbers and
placement of the enemy and the available forces at the
Garou's command or allied with ber.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
becomes aware of the tactical factors involved in an im
pending tactle. The Storyteller forms the player of the
‘numbers and placement of opposing forces. The player can
then use this information to her character's ndvantage.

© Shards of ley Rage (Level Two) — The Garow
invoking this Gitt calls on the cold power of her Rape,
converting her anger into physical ee. This ice euts as deep
tsany knife, and can be hurled at her enemies in place of a
rnormal attack,

‘System: Theplayerspends point of Rage and rolls Wits
+ Primal-Uige (difficulty 8). The number of miceesses equals
the numberof shards that form from the crystallised Rage,
toalimitoffive sarc. The player makes aseparateuttack
for ench shard, and may direct them at more than one
‘opponent. Each shard does three dice af aggravated damage,
the range i five yards for every dot of the Ganou's Strength

The playermayspendonly one pointof Rage each time
the Git is used; this prohibits spending Rage to gain extra
actions in the same turn as invoking the shards. Although
a character may use the Gift more than orice in 4 combat,
cachsuccessive use after the firt aks +1 to thedificulty roll
to activate the Gift

+ Nerigal's Call to Arms (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Garou to summon to her side any creatures or
spirits allied to Nerizal or appropriate to the lee Wartor
These heings, whether Nerigal'sspnit warriors or predatory
inimals, fight alongside the Gatou foe the duration of an
cotire battle

System: The Garou spent 3
Charisma + Leadership, dificuley 8. One success surnnons
fone of two cteatutes; slditional
number of creatures or spirits that a
Thus, nwo siecesses bring up

either by
by one of its direct

eflecting

swer the summons.
five respondents, three

ut


accesses suTimon Up to ten creatures, four accessed results
wverything

In up to 15 beings while five successes bri
within « five-mile mdius of the character. Those
summoned serve asian army under the

conire, if
gal within range.

ponent ean launch

olls Manips
Willpower),

ticsand meet

theGi combat asdescribed abowe

inspites the carger tn
Jaunch an immediate attack
wits the help

the character — usually

* Heart of rtior (Level Five) — Usually
used only in the most dire circumstances, this Gift renders.

final blow wo her opponent. The exertion causes the Carew

m2

te lnvoke the Gift, but the
we. The charncte

us Gift, bur no. dam
ou will iempait her inary wan
lightning strikes won't blow her ba

player must spend a po nay Bet

lands
can't sever her lin

The character makeshernextattack at +4 twherattack
dice pool, The player may reroll any ts rolled on this attack
they simply do not count, In addition, any da

gain four extra dice, After delve
terfallss tated, Unlrssoe
by anath A Touch o
charcte ofthe tum.
Gilts of Eshtarra
Edhar' Gifs to the Earth nd isl

sense the pain of
‘Wyrm-tuint, the sickness of p
anv umspoiled

1 robust eneruy of

Rage Across the Heavens

LLL LS TO TT ay,


3

the reaon for its health —may
teva nel wo the Garou through th se of hs it

Systems The player speriisa point of Gnosis, While no
roll is necessuy, the character must concentrate oft the
target area forseveral minutes of game time before recelviny,
any (nvformarion about its condition. The amount of infoee
‘mation revealed is left to the Seoryteller and ean wary from
wgse feelings ("The lard docin't fel well a if thas been
pessoned") to extremely specific frets ("There 6 an tender
ound spring whick chamnels Gnosis into the rps, making the
lant prontictive amd fertile")

+ Herb Cull (Level Two) — Theough singing or
chanting, aGarouean find helpful or medicinal plants, roots
orkark even in poor areassuch asdeserts, Such plants might
be healing herbs, substances useful in rites ot tubers and
other plans that provide seeded sustenance. The song
causes the plants to resonate from the music so that the
Garou can locate them by following the sounds,

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Perception + Performance. A single success enables the
character to locate the desired herbs or plants within a mile
of her location. Additional successes inctease the range by
cae mile per success, Failure means that the. character
cannot hear any plants, whilew botch leads the character co
harm herbs or planes.

* Oaksong (Level Three) — By using this Gift; a
Garou cary communicate wit inanimate objects made of
‘wood orvome other onpanie substince (i.e, something that
was once alive). The objects do not actually speak, but the
Girou can sense their hhoughtssimuges or sensations, For
‘example, n wooden cane might communicate that someone
bish use it tor wilderness travel by filling the Gairou's mind
with sounds of a crashing waterfall, che musty odor of bear
spoor and the image of crowded undergrowth and towering
‘Pines. A straight-backed wooden chaimight allows Garou.
to see" the person whio last occupied itand get asense of the
emotional state of dt individual, With practice, a Garou
‘ain hold an entire wordless conversation with anything
from 0 stuny hemp rope oF a mar mute of woven reeds toa
charred senip of paper (mule from wood pulp)

Syatem: The user of the Gift mist concentrate on what
s4itt of information she wishes to obtain froma the object ay
if she were asking a question. The sensations and images
‘constitute the "answer." The player spendsapointof Gnosis
and rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 7). Each success
allows the chameter to formulate one question and direct it
Additional successes allow the character to ask
more questions (on @ one-for-one basis) ot else ask the same
{question of different objects, No successes indicate a simple
failure of the Gilt, while a botch provides the Garou with
fake ot garbled information,

* Lore of the Land (Level Four) —By eating, smoking
bor otherwise taking int portion of the land, the Garou ean
iat happened in the immediate vicinity in the
ple, w Garou can mix chindetions: frova a

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws 3

a 4

meadow into a silad which she eats; wa result, she realises
that a group of hunters passed throuigh the meadow threw
months ago. By chewing on the batk from a tree, the Garou
‘canleam that asurveyor for acorporation meusuted the land
around the tree as part ofa planned site for a new factory ot
that someone buried a body heneath the 1

System: The player spends point of Guosis and rolls
Perception + Enopathy (difficulty 7). One wicecis give
character a piece of post information ("A group) of ty
passed through here several weeks ago"). Addit
ceases either embellish on the first piece of informa
("The men were security muntd uniforms") oc else provide
new information about other events ("A hatte took
here ast year"), The information provided will he as pe
nent a possible; the character actually lear the most
leportant {to Greow standards) tinge cr things that hap
petied within the ares, mast often information that the
Garou ean act upon.

* Earth Heal (Level Five) — This Gift allows the
Garou to help a piece of land recover from blight, Wyrm
taint, poroning, pollution or some other type of enviton-
mental disturbance. The Garou gives part of her exence wo
the damaged land and thus begins a proces: of renewal that
syrcads wy encompans such detail as purifying tains oth
causing che growth of new planc life or purging signs ofthe
‘Wyrm's comuption from the designated spor.

System: The player scrificey » permanent point of
‘Gnosts and rolls Wits + Occult (dificulty 7 for naturally
‘caused damage: for Wyrm-taint). Each successeontnibutes
to the overall recovery of the designated piece af lan: the
frea can be ax linge ay u few mies, but must eanstitute 9
single terrain feature (a lake forest of moumtai, fo tn
stance). One success makes minimal but signifi:
provements in the target area, while five successes results in
the area's return (over time) to a state of unspoiled health
and ferility. Although this wa potent Gift, 1t doesn't
prevent the healed land from heing polluted once mote
Even 1 offering up one's Gnosis to heal « portion of Gaia
1s aften cause for significant researds of Honor.

Gifts of Mitanu

iis taught by the Clever Rogue or his spit helpers
involve movement, communication, stealth ot thievery,

* Speed of the Messenger (Level One) — This Gite
fncrewes the movement rite of the Garouso that he ean travel
long dlstances in short periods of time. The character's body
seems to flow like quicksilver, enabling fim to accormplsh
astounding feats of nglty while under the eects ofthis
Thus, the Garou can travel rapidly across arr limb or along
a narrow worden beam withour slowing down or filtering

Svatem: The nlaver spends one Gnonis point nd rolls
Dexterity. Athletics difficulty 8), One success allows the
character to move at twice her normal speed; two yuccesses
gives her three times normal speed, while three successes
allows the character to move four times as quickly. Mote

nhice


ne AA

than thece successes cause the charseter to assume a blutry
{orm that maves too rapidly to trick. Use of this Gift also
conferstwoextradice toanytollsinvolving Dexterity while
the character is in motion, The effeer lasts for one turn ot
one scene, depending on the circumstances. This Gift
fects movement only and cannot allow a character to stop
1 deliver blows in combat without ending the it's dura-
tion. Thus a character ean use the Gift get to «combat
more quickly, but once she engages in bute, she loses the
benefita conferred by the Gift

* Sticky Fingers (Level Two) — This trick coats the
fingers of a Garou with a vilvory dubstusce that adheres to
anything, making i¢ possible to climb slick vertieal surfaces
with ease Inaddition, this Giftalso assists Garou in pilfering
sina items such as crit eands, keys ot loose change.

Systems The player spends « point of Gnioais: The
ubility to cling to sheer surfaces is mutomaric. In addition,
the chanicter gains two extra dice to any Streetwise or other
roll that the Storyteller deems appropriate; he might get
extmadice on a pickpocketing attempt, hut not when trying
tw hor-wite a car. The effet lasts for ane seene.

* Deliberate Misinformation (Level Three) — The
«an slip confusing und contrary information into his
+s" vonversaon, making ehete plans fill spare orather-
Wise causing them to suffer from a gross breakdown in
ormimunications. Opponents in the immediate vicinity of
‘the Garou mishear each other or misinterpret instructions
The infonunation affessed by chis Gife must be communt-
sated verbally — either in pension or through the use of a
iirect communication device such asa telephone or other
transmission device.

‘System: The player rolls Perception + Linguistics (itti-
culty ofthe rarget's Willpower —orafthe highest Willpower
in the target group). Each success allows the character to
subject one opponent to the effects of thes Gift. All nctions
that result from information communicated verbally receive
«+2 difficulty; simple onders, such as proceeding to a ceteain
ovideess or moving tothe left orrigh flank in battle, autouati-
cally go awry. The Gift huts for one scene or ane butte.

* Mercurial Messenger (Level Four) — This Gift
enables » Garou who overhears a conversation ot who is
entrusted with 1 messige to remember what she has heard
Aco later time, the Garow may repeat back verbatin
everythingheard overasinglescesveasil she had total recall
The Gift allows the Garou to reproduce voice intorations,
aceents sod speech patterns oF mannerisms which match
those of the original speaker, In addition, the Garou can
approximate the speaker's uctual voice,

‘System: The player spends point of Gnosis and rolls
Wits + Linguistics (difficulty 7). ach success increases the
accuracy of the characters delivery of the remembered
conversation or message, If necessary, the Storyteller may
fepeat the conversition for the benefit of the character's
audience, A failure means that the chiracter remembers
only what the player remembers. A botch inte
discrepancies into the repetition

4

‘© Madthought (Level Five) — This trick litenully
snakes the werewolf foes too clever for their own good. The
Garou ean cause her enemies thought processesto speed up
so radically char chey liverally chink too rapidly to put asp
‘one plan into mation, The victim of this Gifecan only stand
sails is thoughts run away with hit rushing madly from
‘one brilliant plan to another or considering multiple ater
natives for dheie ext" action

System: The player spends point of Willpower and mle
Wits + Subterfuge (dificulry of he victim's Willpower). The
number of successes detesmines how many tams the victim
arande "loc in thought." When the victim secerers from the
Gift, he is meat likely highly disoriented, ane mary need
regnin focus and otherwise discover what's been happening
while he twas out" A failure simply means thar the Gife does
not wed while a teh givesthe victimnot ombympidthought
tout the ability ro translare those thoughts fn freedits
action — usually tothe desrinent of the character.

Gilts of Sokhta

Solchen's Gifts embody the qualities usually associated
with the moon — sight, prophecy and changeabiliy

* Lambent Sight (Level One) —This Gift grants the
‘Garou the ability to see under circumstances where sight
would normally be impossible, such asin conditions of tora
darkness (inside a deep cave, for example) oti the Garouis
blindfolded. The Gift provides illumination for the Guru
equivalent to that of full moon.

‘System: The player spends a point af Gnosis; no roll is
necessary. The effects of this Gift last far one wene. This
Gift cannot grant sight to one who is naturally blind.

* Moonpool of Sokhm (Level Two) — This Gift
enubles « Garou to transform clear, standing water into a
pool which offers visions of possible furures. Wilderness
Ponds, small mountain tars, pools of clear eainwater o
‘even basins filled with water can serve as 0 conduit for the
images. The scenes that appear within the pool depict what
might happen unless something occurs to change the course
of events, The Garou must concentrate on the event (or
seriesofevents) roger nsense ofthe outcome. The poo! may
reflect cither literal or symbolic images,

‘System: The playerspendsapoint of Gnostsand rolls Wits
+ Eniomas (difficulty 7 for near furure events. 8 fer moee distant
‘cecurrences), Each success caves cme vision of the fue
‘appear within the pool. The Storyteller should determine the
larity and accuracy of the visions, No succeses indicate a
failure ofthe Gif, while a botch produces false visens or an
extremely chaotic jumble of meaninyzless inages

* Mooariver (Level Three) — By using this Gift, the
‘Garou may swiftly travel across the surface of a body of water
which reflects the moonlight, She can fallow a river orcros.
a lake so long a8 she follows the "trail" of the moon's light
{the light becomes obscured at any point (sich as whe a
cloud passes across the face of the moon), the effects of the

Gitrend and the Garou may have taswien or wade ta shore

Rage Across the Heavens

——————— a


System: The player rolls Dexter
the "moonriver." The Gate

alt, Onlyone
ability t0

i witis supernatural speed, typically three times her normal

movement rate, No successes on the roll indicates that the

+ either not

water in the charscter
the moon'
nid-streatn,

ter to get midway duough ber joumey bef

light fails, hus stranding the

* Mooncat (Level Four) —This Gift llows the Garou

asmall white cat (ane of Sokhta's favored
ilicy can prove useful for getting into small

sining hidden. The

jon of the Gil,

animals), This:

ng from such) un
pha cat

laces (or &
p
Gi

o absorb information
reme flexibility of mavernent
xains the power of a full-fledged
danyerous than she looks. Anyone
y can tell chat

\

While
nbures, m

age with claw and bire arracks as waa
that

a misshapen creature somewhe
and a wolf. Th

between a
the Gift im

character may

liately if this happen
* Moon Dream (Level Five)

Sokhta co grant her

The Garou pet
ophetic dream before she falls

beneath the
weld
The

of the moor), She then e

gin which she explores some potential future

rou may interact with the creatures and situation
sib
thedream. Th

e dream acd, th the p

f certain actions upon the su

arou may replay th

dear se
heir

from the dream, ¢ the Gatos ha

tecaise the car'seyesalwayereflet the current phase ofthe the full eight hours has passed
on regardlest ofthe surounding light sources. Systene Tha player persia pola oF Ona ied tlt

‘System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls. Wits + Enigmas. The number of su indicates th

erty + Animal Ken (difficulty 7).Each aiccess allows degree of control the character h part in th

ort neat-form for one ene, although dream. The Storyteller may e he player aside «

| Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws MS

LA TE AT A TT

\ wad


eam ral Lf

wipe (particularly ifthe subject Of the dream
Includes the character spack mates). The dream should give
a reasonably accurate picture ofthe next two or three scencs
so that the character may experiment with waysofhandling
the furure or, pethaps, changing it- No successes teas that
the character receives no dream while a botch gives th
character an eight-hour long nightmare which she canni

+ but which rowults in a -T penalty to all rolls
involving Alertness

Gilts of Katanka-Sonnak

The Gilis which oriyinave with the Wind Rider deal
with the fiery energies of action or battle and make use of
axpect ly associated with the sun

* Find the Heart's Flame (Level One) —With this Gift
the Garouean Klennifysourcesiof energy or powet, even when
they are hidden or unfamiliar. The Garou mast concentrate
to detect the pulsations of power that emunate from even a
dormant energy source. This becornes useful when traveling
tivsome ofthe morealien reachesof the Umbra where faiiar
objects tke on strange appearances. This Gift also enables
the Garou to identify machinery such as generators or solar
batteries regardless of theirappearance or uttemprsto conceal
them. Spirits thcserve as energy or pow foci alsa register to

this Gift sin effect.

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis and

rolls Perception + Alertness (difficulty 7). A single mecess

the Garou's senses

identifies power sources that Hie within 50 feet ofthe Ciarow
Additional successes ullow the character to extend bet
range to locate distant sources, This Gift lasts far one scene
* Flame of the Wind Rider (Level Two) — Ths Cif
makesthe Garouhardercodamageby enguling herina ghostly
‘blue-white lane. In addition to seevingas form of ame, the
flame abo cfs peoteetion from cold, including the interse
‘ok of de far teaches ofthe Aethertil Realm and the freezing
damage inflicted by certain creacures of the Wyrm,
System: The player spends. point of Gnosis an rolls
Stamina + Occult (difficulty 7), Fach success lowers the
difficulty for soaking damage from cold by one. In addition,
the Garou gains twa dice to add to all soak rolls; these dice
ceanevenbe used to oak ilver; Theeffecrslast for ove scene
* Ride tho Solar Winds (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Garou to ride the solar winds that sweep through
the Actherial Realm without worrying about being thrown
¢ by storms. Use of this Gut alsa increases the
movement rate, lesening the travel time between,
locations within the Aetherial Realm
System: The player spends point off Gaesis an role
Wits + Alermess (difficulty 7); the need to remain "
touch" with the ever-changing currensof these sprit winds
requires concentration and attunement rither than phy:
eal ogiliey. A single success allows the character to ide the
winds successfully eo her destination (or until shedecides to

end her journey). Additional succewes either allow the


A Lfh

Garou to cary others with her (an a one-for-one basis) ot
reduce the travel time by half per success, Thus, with one
2xklitional success, journey of one month would only take
to weeks; while ewoadditional suecesses reduces the jour-
ney coaweek. A chanicter may use some of herextrasuccess
to allow others to travel with her and the remaining anes to
speed up travel time. No success indicates either thar the
solar winds are noe available ox use ve denotes failure 4
locate them. A botch means that the winds selze the
chanaeter and carry her to some unincendled destination (at
the Storyteller's discretion),

* Hand of the Sun (Level Four) —The Garou'shand
‘Noces with a terrible heat and gives offs whieshor light,
similar 0.0 branding iron. The Garou may touch an indi
vidual and mark chem inelibly (and painfully) with brand
of shame. Any Garou who encounter the victim tn the
future immediately recognize the mark is a sign of that
person's treachery, dishonor or other grave crime. Vampires
ignite when touched by the Hand of the Sun.

Systems The Garou spends point of Rage and a point
‘of Gnosis No roll necessary fo the Gilt wo take effect, but
the character mst make 1 standant atnick toll in eeder to
A victim tnuched by the Hand of the Sun
tikes wo health levelsof unscakable aggravateatcameage an
receives & permanent circular scar. ‘The sear cannot be re-
awed by any means short of amauta the part the body
the scat. The fire lasts for onescene, although

inguish i beforehand it she so chooses.

** Cleansing Flame (Level Five) — The Garou can
pitipoint an acen (or an individual) and set the tanget ablace
with an intense and purifying flame that rages or 60 seconds
and then dies our completely. The fire can bam out all
Wyrm-taint or human-made pollution from an ate oe
leanse «ti individual (provided the victim survives) of
‘Wyrm-taint. The fite does not spread beyond the target area
ft person and can not he quenched by normal means. For
instance, if the Gano targets honise occupied by a Pentex
olfcia, the fire blaes dhrough the house destroying any
‘vestige of the Wyra's corruption and leaving untouclied
anything not inted by the Wyrm.

Syotem: The player sacrifices a permanent point of
Rage and alls her Willpower. The dificuly i 8 toaffect an

se thearea earmot be linger thn large house. To target
an individuol, rhe difficulty ofthe Willpower roll equals the
victim's Willpower, Living or undead creatures set on fire
‘ust roll their Stamirea (difficulty 9) or die from the shock.
The fame destroys fomori utterly, Black Spiral Dancers who
survive the Suumina roll must make Gnosis rolls difficulry
‘9, 0r lose their Wyrm-taint and its accompanying Derange-
ment. Such purified Garou ate stripped of all Rank and
Giles; they may well fall again to corruption, but they are
siven a second chance.

failure on the Willpower roll indicates thar the
‘Garou fails to nerivate the Gift, while a bosch inflicts one
turwoukable health bevel of aeeravated damage on the wiekder.

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws

Gifts of Hakahe

Hakabe's Gifts involve sing darkness and secrecy.
‘They also allow the user to expose the defects af athers eo
their disadvantage.

* Unelonk the Hidden (Level One) —Fyconcenttat

ing on a person, object or area, the Garou can determine
shetheror nother enyet i hiding anything The Garou can

spot disguises, concealed weapon and winey detetmine i
room contains tripdoors, hidden cameras, miccophones and
wire mips; or ifcmeone lurks in hidden prssage. The Gift
does noe, however, allow dh Garou to sok boroath the
disguise, determine the nature of aconceated weapon tell
‘what lies within a hidden wall safe — this trick reveals only
thata deception is present. The Garou must concentrate on
the target in order 10 invoke this Gift

System: The player rolls Perception + Investigation
(lifficuty 8), Extra successes might reveal tore facts abou
the subject, if multiple sectets exist to be sought out. The
‘Storyteller shouldinform the player ofher character'sknosel
‘edge in general terms, ("That mua has some sort of dsguse"
"The floor comtins a hollow beneath the floorenard.")

* Shadow of the Ebon Whisperer (Level Two) —
‘Thi Gili makes the Garou as tsubstantia ea stadow and
as hard to see. The physical form of the Garue fades 09 a

murky, dark shape that can slither and flow almost any:
where. Although others exn use certain Gitte to spot the
have

"shulowe" werewolf anyorue wishing Wy 0 i
a reason to suspect the presence ofthe G's wert
does not finetion in bright daylight or in places where no
shadows exist — such a a brightly it room (or a room in
sotal darkness, fx daat mater),

‘System: The player spends a point of Willpower and
rolls Appearance + Occult (difficulty as assigned by the
Storyteller depending on the surroundings). Each success
allows the character to assume the shadow-form for one
scene (or one combat found); even one successean give the
character the advantage of surprise in a battle. No successes
‘means that the Gift fails while a botch throws the character
across the Gauntlet momentarily and does not conceal the
Garou upon her return.

‘+ Hidden Heart (Level Three) — This Gift ullows the
Garou to take a dangerous piece of knowledge she possesses
‘and Jock it away in her ind so that it Becomes inaccessible
without a key. The concealed information cannot be taken
from her through mental powers of coercion; she can net
ther access the information not remeraber that se has
hidden something away it bec mind, Until someone speaks
the trigger word, performs the appropriate pesture or eriacts
the conditions set forth in the activa
Garou remains blissfully unaware of the information she has
hhidlen trom everyone — incliaing, herself

‘System: Before using this Gift, the Garou mus se the
conitions which will cause the information to becume
available to her. This information should he given 10 a

47


The Garou ma

\e Garou herself won't even thinks ofindulging in the forb
J,much lessaseceet, After usethisGifttopeevent rapists, c
player spends
Willpower (

wthe Gift to tak

point of traitors fromm repeat offers

culty 8). these individuals to live in the

fleet. The System: The player must sicrificea poi
asts until the hidden information is Gnosis and roll her Willpower (

* Whi
allows the

et in the Dark (Level Four) — This Gift bind

stow to determin
dual. The Gato may th

a foct detrimental 0 an unsticceseful while a hotch cauises the char
hat piece of knowl- the ment
yer by holding
1 information publi

‘al pain she intended
mne-time-only occurrence.

Gifts of Tambiyah

ome piee Tambivah's €

Systems The player rolls Perception + Empathy (dif

ables het to

that an individual owes + Find the Child Within (Level One)
bes, hidesa murderin his Gift, a G n play upon an individual'
that systematically pollutes the gegponse to parental authority or affection nce
vf; while x borch provides the character with que") orespond favorably to
z nfortnation leading to the character's possible ate) Bat ap ing

*» Ehon Binding (Level Five) — This Giftallows the the Gifts user ot

Lan impending battle

elude a situation that m

ain whenever he

Rage Across the Heavens


~~

——_—_yy- — ——

A LSh

‘Systeme: The player makes resisted Charisma + Empa-
thyrollagains the target's Wllpower, One successallowsthe
character to make a simple suggestion to the victim the
suggestion must be one thar a young child would find reason-
uble. Additional successes either extend the duration of the
effector else enable the chamneter to convince her victim to
dlo something he might not be otherwise inclined to do —
sue as coercing # Get Ahroun ro back down from a fight he
‘would ceraly lose. Failure means that the suggestion hasno
effect, while » botch angers the vierim and makes him
Impervious to further attempts to use this Gift for 24 hours,

‘+ Mantle of the Land (Level Two) — The Garou
draws forth a mist of fog from water in the atmosphere. This
misty mantle provides cover in which a Garo may hide
herself or someone under her protection. The Gift may be
swed while the Garou is in motion in ordet to confuse
pursuers by enveloping them in an obscuring fog. The
‘manele can slo surround a Garou and her pack in ord to
allow them to attack from concealment or ambush.

‘System: The player spend a point of Gnosis, The fog
is dense and heavy, obscuring the vision of anyone within,
even muffling sound. Anyone save the Garou and his pack
are at +3 difficulty on all Perception rolls while the mise
endures: This Gift lists for oni scene of one combat.

* Veilof the Mother (Level Three) —This Gifallows
the Gow to assume diferent appearance fora short period
of time ith ones to confuse puniuers or escape detection.
Primarily useful in Homi for, the Veil of the Mocheralers
the phyncalfeatures ofthe face, causesthe user to seem either
shorter or taller by up to st inchesind charges the body sie
torefleet a gain ot loss of up to 30 pounds. The Git does not
alter the sex or age of the Garou, though itcan change kin,
hair oc eye color and hair texture or length. The Garou may
we the Gift on herself or on another indivichl, ually
someone she is trying to hide or cw attention away from.

System: The player spends Willpower paint and tolls
Appearance + Subterfuge (difficulry 7). The number of
successee indicates the degree to which the character can
alter her appearance or that of another individual. One
success allows only minor changes in height, weight, facial
features, skin tone and other similar qualities. Three soe
cesses causes complete change in appearance, while five or
more successes enables the character to effect a drastic
‘change in er physical form, even totheextent
10 be a specific person. (The Garou must, of course, be
familiar with the appearance of anyone whose form she
assumes.) No suecesses represent a simple fallure, while a
‘borch enuses some grout malfunction of the disguise. The
ctfoct ofthis Gift lasts for one scene

* Motherly Guardian (Level Four) —This Git allows
the Garou to "tag" an individual so thar she can keep track of
hheetarger'shealth md welfure. The Garou painsayeneal sense
‘ofthe individual' location atl times and can sense when the
targerisin roubleand ncedsassseance. The Giftletsthe Garon
know what kind of aid the target needs. The Garou must

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws

men

concentrate om her target in order to gain these insights. The
effects of the Gift remain in place for a full eye of the ron.

System: The player spends a point of Goosis and wll
Perception + Empathy (difficulty ofthe target's Willpower)
toset the tag" on the designated individual. Whenever she
concentrates on that person, he receives information about
the nrpet's general tae of health and present circumstances.
‘A failed roll means that the character i unable to tag the
individual while a botch means that the character either
places the tay on the wrong person or else receives erroneous
information, When the character attempsto concentrate om
the targeted individual, she performsall other actions ata +1
dlificuley due to her preoccupation with her change

* Bring Forth the Future (Level Five) — This Gift
allows the Garou to call upon Tambiyal te change one facet
‘fan individuals future. The change must be specific, wich
‘a preventing the subject of che Gift from encountering »
known situation that will result in her certain death, While
this Gift does not guarantee that a foreseen future will he
altered, does allow the Garou to attempr to avert disaster
‘or improve an individual's lot.

System: The player sacrifices permanent point of
Grosis and rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 8). Only
‘one nuceess is necessary to effect a change in a future even
The player should explain to the Storyteller which element
‘ofthe future even she wishes to alter, (For example," want
my packnate to survive the coming battle against the
fomori horde.") If pombe, the Storyteller should arrange
‘events so that the change rakes place exactly as stated. The
Gift only affects events that will aceur within the 24 hours
immediately following the activation of the Gift; further-
more, characters cannot ensure the death or destruction of
theit foes with this power. Only pleas for preservation ricet
with the Veiled Mother's approval.

Gilts of Mleros

‘The Gifts taught under the direction of Meros have todo
‘with transitions transformations and life and death sinuaions

# Sense of the Transformation (Level One) — With
this Gift, the Garou can identify states of transformation ot
significant changes within creatures or objects. This Gift
allows the Garou to ascertain whether or not someane i
ring of a: diassse oe Wa female le peagnent (even in
extremely early stages). In the same fashion, the Garou ean
‘choose to determine if an object is about to break of cease
functioning. The Garou need only concentrate on her
tanger to activate this Gi

‘System: No rll is necessary, but the player must spend
‘point of Gnosis to activate the Gift for one scene. During
that time the character can determine the general state of
health (or illnez) of the individuals or creatures in her
vicinity. She can also tell if inanimate objects are on the
‘verge of breaking down or otherwise ceasing to function,

*# Shorten the Road (Level Two) —This

enables
the Gaioy co-cuc normal tavel time by a chisd, even in the
ng


wee

Unnbea. This fear may cake shape in.a number of ways —
either through a series of fortunate coincidences ot else
through clearly superarural means.

System: The player spends point of Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Survival (dificulty 7). A successful roll
shortens jourey by a third so that a three-day tip takes
only two days, while a two-week long trek through un
spoiled wilderness only takes ten days. A failure has no
effect on the length of the journey, while batch doubles
the travel time.

* Wyld Spirits (Level Three) — The Garou can call
‘upon Meros' erratic nariare and inflict one of more of her
‘opponents with a bout of erratic behavior, thus making it
mare difficulty for the victims to coordinate attacks ot act
sensibly in any given situation,

System: The player spends a point of Willpower and
tolls Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty of the victim's
Willpower). Each success allows the character w affect one
individual. Affected targets fll to carry out any sustained
course of action, attacking one minute and retreating the
nextorelse stopping still to makeaspeech, Ifthe Giftisused
‘a nen-combat situation, the victims change their actions
radically from one sioment ty the next. This Gift lst for
{ne scene or one battle

* Sleep's Travels (Level Four) — Through this Gift,
4 Garou's spirit may joumey to another location while his
body sleeps. Once he has arrived at his destination, the
Garou may either examine his weroundings, impart a mes-
sage to somecine he meets or rettieve a small (hand-held)
item such a ring, aset of keys ora piece of paper, Whether
the Garou very cmuses an object to assume spitit-form
long enough foe her to transport it for the place he has
Visited to the location of his seeping body, or ifthe Gife
causes the retriewed item to relocate from one place w
another is unclear. The Garou must have at feast four hours
cof uninterrupted sleep before he is able to begin the sleep
journey, Once the journey hasenudee and the Garou'saprit
huis reunited itself with her body, he must awaken naturally
Any disturbance in his sleep pattern negates the eflective-
ness of the Gift, though it does not otherwise physically
threaten the Garou' life.

Syatem: The player spends point of Gnosis and rolls
‘Wits + Occult (difficulty 8). One success enables the char.
acter 10 travel to the desired spor in his dreams and look
around, Hemay overhear conventions but may nox pati
pate in them, Additional successes increase his ability to
Interact with what lies at his journey'send. Three successes
allows him to converse with individuals he meets (who, ihe
0 chooses, see him as if he és really present) while five
successes are necessary for the character to transport: &
physical objecttohissleeping farm. Nosuceessexmeancthat
the charactersimply gets good night's sleep, while a botch
‘not only means that the sleep journey fails bur may cause
sctiousdisruptionsto the character's future sleep patternsor
tive the character a Derangement

120

a A,

© Essential Transformation (Level Five) — This Gift
allows the Garou to convert partof heressence into
for we in situations which require the expenditure of lange
amounts of spiritual power. The Garou can either ase the
Ginosis gained by this Gift to create or replenish fershes,
enact Giftsthat require Gnosis ot for any other purpose that
requires her to spend Gnosis. However, its resiclual effects
are cumulative. Each use of this Gift mabues the Garou's
physical and mental abilities with more and more "spirit
substance" until eventually she becomes a spirit creature
lacking in material substance. When this happens, the
‘Garou can no longer mamtain her earthly existence and
must either relocate to the Umbra as a permanent resident
{not unlike the members of the Sept of he Stars) or else
die" and allow her spirit to return to Gaia.

System: Lhepkiyer rolls Willpower (difficulty9).Only
one succes: is necessary for the character to convert one dot
ina chosen Attribute into 10 points of temporary Gnosis.
Until the charactet usesall 10 of these points (or stores them
in a fetish), she has one less dot in the chosen Attribute.
When the converted Gnosis is depleted, the Auibute
fetums to its normal level. However, the Storyteller (and
the character) should keep track of the number of times this
‘Giltisused, When the character has used this Gifta number
‘of times equal to her total number of dots in Pbysical,
Mental and Social Attributes, her body loses its material
substanceaand the character becomes pitt, The characters
fate once this occurs is left 10 the Storyreller's discretion,
although inmost cases this means that the playet must retire
the character from active play.

Gilts of Zarok

2atok's Gifts pertain to abilities useful in leadership and
planning.

* Aura of Leadership (Level One) — Similar to the
Level Two Silver Fang Gift: Awe, this Gift surrounds the
Garou with ar aura of authority chat enables her to assume
the mantle of leadership for a brief period of rime. Others
react to the Garou as if she were theit pack leader
including the pack leader herself. Of courte, there may be
repercussions after the effects of the Gift have passed

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy (if
culry af the bigheer Willpower in the tamper group). 1
successful, the difficulties ofall Social rollsagainst the eager
roupare reduced by one. One success enables the character
toatfect asingle target. Additional successes incresses the
‘number of individuals who fall under the effects of the Gift
The effects ofthe Gift hve for one scene

* Proclamation of Action (Level Two) — This Gif
enables the Garou to force an end todiscunsion and take the
course of ection the eharscter thinks s best, The werewol?
can literally command others toactashe bids although only
ifehey hadbeen previcualy ditheringowera course of action.

System: The player spends Willpower point and rolls
Charisena + Leadetship to yt xdlanper on discustons dat

Rage Across the Heavens


eA

i

hhave gone om too long, ("Enough talk. Let's do tt") One
success allows the character to affect a single target. Each
addirianal-aaccose incteaers the number of individuals af
fected by one. A failure means that the Gift has nos effect,
while a botch makes the targets turn o deaf ear to the
chuurscter's suggestions for the rest ofthe scene. A character
lotiting to resist the Gifs oust make a Will
Il (difficulty of the Gift user's Willpower + 1, up to.
‘a maximum of 10). This Gife lasts for one scene.

* Undisputed Ruler (Level Three)—ThisGifrallows
» Garou to mike over the leadership of a small gathering of
humans (whether paramilitary group or town council) ot

1up of spirits fora period of up taste months, Durinytthis
rgeted group accepts the Garou as their leader,

the honor, reapeet and obedienes due her
position. The group demonstrates « high degree of loyaley,
heying the Garou's orders without question or hes
(if the group |s an arm
jons as

some fort) or accepting the
al and binding (if the group consis
of u town council, religious cult or other social organkza
tion). Ive Garon ses this Gift in the Ube
group of ypisits will follow the Garou's.

anywhere from a week to ix months
System: The player spends « point of Gnosis and rolls
dership (diflculy ofthe highest Willpower

Chapter Fiv

in the target group). One succes
sxercise her authority over the group for a week. Two
cesses give the character leader
successes extends the pried to fost m
successesallows the chanactersix months disputed rule
greater than Jaggling status, although "border!
such as ghouls and Kin are
ns that the Gift does
the group against the cha
* Enthronement (Level Four) — The Garou can ¢
small orsimple objects on
corwind. By shap

th, while three ee

onths, while five

pceptible. A

ir— including mist, clon
une hin with his hands, the
block ofa
create bowl orcup for holding iquidor construct seme othe
useful item, Altemately, the Garou enn form small, stone
sized balls of arto use an hutled weapons aginst his
The items lat until the Caron disperse
System: The player simply rolls Dexterity + Rept (dif
‘clty7), The character may orm one small item of oldifed nie
for each wiccess, oF tse two or tn
er (wn

succemes toshape a langer
0)"Aleniones! inet weapons
ddo the character's Saength + 1 no

mele

al damage, and dissipate
‘upon contact with chet target (oe any
Inaddition, the victim must make a

er solid substance'.
mina tol (difficulty 8)

Heavenly Laws 21

Ty,


|

ra ff

so remain on her feet when the "airstane" discharges its mass.
Af she fails the Stamina tol, the victim is stunned for the
remainder ofthe round and can take no aetion,

* Grand Gesture (Level Five) — By bestowing apro-
priate gifts on an individual ora group, the Garou increases
hhorestect and reputation inthe eyesof the recipients ofher
largesse. The targets ofthis Gift tend to listen favorably co
suggestions made hy the Gifts ner and ta support her
argumentsorcome to herald ina battle of words or weapons.
The Gift sts for an ene scene. When the effects of the
Gift come ton end, the individuals affected may still

1 regard the Garou with eome residual respect
Aepending on theit experiences while the Gift was active

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Empathy
(dificulty of the highest Willpower in the target group).
Each succeos allows het to affect one individual. While the
Gift isin effect, all Gift oF Social rolls involving persuasion
are automatically successful against theaffected individuals
No waccesses indicates that the Gift has no effect while 3
torch makes the targeted person or group resent the charac
ter, who suifersa penalty of +1 to thedificulty of Social tolls
for the remainder of the scene.

Gifts of Lu-Bat

The Gifts which come from Lu-Bat generally involve
Aliplomcy or else deal with the understanding and accep
tance of limitations.

* Sense Limits (Level One) —The Garou can deter-
nine the amount of Rage, Gnoss-or Willpower within an.
individual. This ability enables the Garou to juxlge whether
oor not her ragget can resist-an attempt to influence her
sictions or whether she is likely to draw upon hee supply of
citherCnosisor Rage. ThisGiftalsoallowsa Garou to gauge
whether or not other supernaturals are currently weak-
willed or drained of some other source of power. For ex:
ample, Garou may tel that a vampire has little power but
‘miay not realize that the Leeeh's blood supply i love. This
Gift nlso enables « Garou to sense whether an Umbral
spiri's Power is weak ot neat depletion,

System: The player rolls Perception + Occult (diff:
culty 8). Each success enables the character to determine
the general levels of Rage, Gnosis and Willpower for one
targeted individual. Additional successes allow the charac:
{er acces to mote specific information abour a single target
or ele gives her general information about another target
The Storyteller should not give the player precise numbers
‘but should relay information in relative terms. ("The Black
Spiral has sed most of his Rage but sill has a lor of
Willpower and Gross left.""The mage has plenty af magi-
cal energy left within her") A failure means that the
character fears nothing about her target while a botch
fives het econeous information.

+ Peace of the Counselor (Level Two) — This Gift
enables Garon to bringeven the most heated discession to
‘peaceful conclusion. Though it does not preclude further

12

——

hostilities from erupeing a later time, the Gift creates an
atmosphere of temporary truce among enemies or prevents
tmibe leaders from coming to blows over volatile issues
Dring the geace period. the Garou can atterapt 10 resolve
the circumstances underlying the state of enmity —such as
encouraging the participants ina dispute to begin negotia

tions ot achieving a compromise

‘System: The player spends a Willpower point and vole
Charisma + Empathy (difficulty of the highest Willpower
samong the quarreling individuals). One successcauses combat-
nts tostopfigting (orpreverts tem from initiating combat)
forone num. Each extra success incresies tha length of tiie in
which peace prevail by an additional tum; five successes
extend the Giftto an entire scene. Nosuccesses means that the
(Gift has no effect on the situntion, while a bokeh causes an
‘escalation offorce and frequently deaws the character attempe-
{ng to use the Gift into the heart of the battle.

* Pall of Despair (Level Three) — This Gift inlets
wave of despair upon a targeted individual, making the
victim incapable of action due to feelings of profound
relancholy.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty of the rane'
power), A succemful wll causes dhe vin
feeling similar to Harano (er, in the case of humans, elinical
depression). This state of mind forces the victim co roll her
‘Willpower in order ta take any action, while combat beccimes
alinost impeasible. (Optionally, dhe. Suxyselter cau enlace
the limitations of Haruno found in the Werewolf Players
Guide, py. 207.) The effects of te Gif last for ane scene

* Harmonious Slumber (Level Four) — This Gift
enables the Garou to create a perfect environment for sleep
everin the most difficult cincumstances. Under the influence
of thisGitt, the Garoureceives the equivalentof eight bouts of
restful sleepand nwakens refreshed and with his spirits revived

‘System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Stamina + Enigmas (difficulty 7). One success is necessary
to affect the character. Each additional success allows hire
to include another individual in the effects of the Gift. A
failare means thar the Gift does noe work, while a botch
inflicts restless sleep on the character, with fio benefice
‘When the character awakens from a successful use of this
Gift, he fines that his Gnosis is fully replenished. The nap
‘can last for up to eight hours, although only two hous are
necessary to reap full benefits

* Burden of Knowledge (Level Five) — The Giro
floods an individual with the knowledge of all her own,
limitations, making the victim aware of every law or failing
and reminding her af all the wrongs she has committed or
‘caused. The weightof thisenlightenmentean eitherchange
an individual for the better or drive her into suicidal despair
‘or murderous frenzy. Few individuals survive the effects of
this Giftunscathed. This Gift can sometimesbeingan errant
‘Garou back from the exige of corruption or cn
‘of the Garou to be "bon again."

ie an enemy

Rage Across the Heavens

A TY;


ee a owe

The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
ce + Empathy (difficulty of the victim's Will
the victim 10 experience every nega
tive aspect of her personality and past, including seret vices,
dhortcomings, failures, and other similar faults. The Story
teller should decide what ultimate effecr the Gift prodces in

c victim —eitheradesire 0 reform her waysanxlecorrecther
failings. an impulse to kill herself out of shame and despa, ot
‘some course of uction in between the two extremes. Once the
victim has experienced the total effectof the Gift, the intense

awareness begins to fixle— but residual memories may plague
the victim for a long time afterward,

Gifts of Ruatma

1's Gifts invo ngof sectors or situa:

sg the expanding of boundaries — physical or

** Find the Portent (Level One)

Garou can call for and tecelve some ot
can help her determine her next
Garou must meditate for a few minutes in order to place

thesign

herself ina receptive state so that she can recog

Sys

point of

af omen of portent to serve as ahint for the character about

what lies in the furure. ("A black bird carrying something in.

sts beak ning el

dread abou enteding this part of the forest
* Hidden Depths (Level Two) — This Gi allows «

|
I
|
I

decipher some cryptic pasuge Of text. The Gift can ako

] ‘enable a Garou ta figure ot who the real power behind the

scenes isin a given situation

: Systena: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rots

/ character to lenm one hidlen or concealed fact about the

rerson,placeorthingtimgetedby the Gift. Forexample,oneline

ofapeophecy maybe explained foreach acces. The Strytelir

should decide the overall effects ofthis Gift so that players do

her seemingly random bits information

/ Tentative analysis ofa situation and formulate a

sure of action. This is I i siruaticmes

where gathering concrete information is dificult or in

nosis. The Storyteller then produces some sort

not utzempt to avoid pursuing other avenuics of investigation,

* Unravel (Level Three) — This Gift allows the

extremely complex ¢

System: The player spend a point of Gnosis and rolls
Intelig ulty 7). Only one siccess is

+ Enigmas (i
necessary to make some

confusing situation, but each additional success further cart
fies mattezs, (The player may ask the Storyteller to explain to
her what is actually going on in a given scene and use that

sation is charicter knowledge.) A failure means that
sreannot make sense of a situation while botch


ee AA

ineansthar the character puts together a totaly false scenario
an draws erronieous conchusions from her "knowledge."

* Blank Slate (Level Four) — The Garou can com-
niletely remove a single piece of information from het own
mind of from thar or another, This Gift becomes useful in
situations where an individual has-come actosy some dan:
gerous knowledge that might lead to her death for possessing
{t, The Garou may not only remove the information —such
asthe Wentity of a Garou mole withina hostile group or the
locarion of wsafchouse for eco-terrorists—but she may also
smooth over the edges of the vietim's memory 30 that be
does not realise that anything és missing. The Garou try
ako use this Gift to alter her own memories én situations
where she feels thar this is necessary.

System: The player spends point of Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Empathy (ilifficalry of the wictin's Will
power), A single success allows the character to excise the
desired piece of information, Additional successes enable
thecharacter to make secandary adjustanents to dhe uarget's
memory to hide the fact that something is missing. No
successes means that the victim retains the memory. al-
though she may not be aware that someone has tried to
‘oumper with her mind. A botch may either remove the
memory alone with other chunks af information srelee alert
the victim to the unsuccessful attempt so that she kivws
who has ered to era parts of her memory,

* Diplomatic Immunity (Level Five) — This Gift
‘enables the Garou to wall about in the midst of = hostile
sroup without provoking the outbreak of hontilities, The
jou can enter a caem belonging to rival or walk openly
into the middle of a group of Black Spiral Dancers in order
to retrieve something of deliver a meeeage. The Garo
surround herself wit an wun of Sneutraity" chit negates
het enemies' or vals' animosity long enough for her 0
aaccownplist her task and leave without ineident. The Gift
lusts for one seune, after which all bots ate off

System: The player spends point of Willpower and
‘lls Manipulition + Subwerfuge (difficulty 8). A successful
‘oll allows the character to interact witha group of potential
enemies for the purpose of delivering a message, retrieving
an (tem o¢ vsuing an ultimatum. A failure means thitt the
Giftdoes nor take effet (in which case the character would
be wise to avoid confronting the intended group), A boteh
belief which will more than likely disappear as soon ns she
encounters the oppoting group.

Gifts of Shantar

Shantar's Gifts revolve around the processes of creation.
and invention, inclading thedestruction necessary forrenewal.
+ Threads of the Tapestey (Level One) — This Gift
allows the Garou t0 determine the basic elements of a
situation that seems confused or deliberately obfuscated,
The Garou can discern which individual in a group teally
holds power or whether someone ts acting under duress.

Ds

Systems The playor vols Wis + Eniganas (iffculty 7).
Each aiccessallows the charactertouncover ane basic behind:

the-scenes fact, usally the leader ef a grou or the emotional
context of an otherwise poker-faced contact, Faure denotes
1a inability to ind out anythiryg beyond the obvious abouta
situntion, while a botch proxtuces incorrect conelasions

Fixit (Level Two) — The Garou can figute out
what's wrong with a device and make om-theapot epins
which allow the item to tun or function five a short time

System: The playertolls Intelligence + Repar (difficulty
7), One success allows the character to repair the targeted
feomn that fanctions fa ane tam. Two maccestee enable
the item to work for one scene while thee successes o more
tndicates that the itein has heen permanently repained, bar
ring excessive use or subsequent damage. Failure means the
character cannot repast the item, while a botch render the
device unable to be repaired by anyoue — ever

+ Tangling the Skein (Level Three) — This Gift
enables the Garouto cause confusion amon her enemies by
slxingup their perceptions yo thar they camer decide wo
follow orwhat todonext. The effect resembles that ofthe
Gift: Mitanu's Deliberate Misinformation, except itdistorts
what others diem through sight or metnory rather thin
through what they hear. Vietionreany mistake one pers
another and follow the wrong leader oc they may yp to the
seong meeting place in the mistaken ieapressin that they
ate proceeding to the correct gmt

Systems The phiyer spenls x pitt of Gris and rill
Manipulation + Enigmas (dficultyaf the victims Willpower).
Each aiceess allows the character to alter one visual ee:
‘ered perception for her victim. She can cmv a Blick Spiral
Daucer w couline the weakest meniber ofis pack forhispack
feadee or make-a rival show up at the wrong caer. for un
important meeting No accesses means tht che Cit fis
while» borek actully arminges the victim's perceprionsso that
they work against die characte rather than the witin.

* Shantar's Loom (Level Four) — The use of init
cenubles the Garou to ceaft some item: from the energy
provided by either Gnosis, Rage or Willpower, The: isin
‘may not invoive multiple parts of have an overly complex
samko-ap. For exumple, « Garou cannot make 8 gun using
this Git, but she cam craft u dagger or hunting knife
Although this Gift con't produce riioactive material, it
fan produce metals such a liver.

System: The Garou spenus either a Gnosin, Ringe or
Willpower point and rolls Dexterity + Repair (difficulty 8
for simple items, 9 for mote vophisticited ones). (The
Storyteller may illow the player to substitute more appt
priate secondary skill posed by the character for the
Repitir Ability.) One success produces the stem desired,
while additional saccesses refine its quality and durability
The Storyteller iiay require three successes to make an teen
from a fess appropriate quality —such as making 4 blanket
fora cradle by using a point of Rage, using anything other
chan Gnons to erat a ilver knife. No successes means that

Rage Across the Heavens

——— in ios,


~~

———r

we

a 77 ae

the Gift fails to produce anything useful and atlows the
expended point to revert to the character. A botch uses up
the expended pont and produces an unusible
wv. The item lasts for one day per succes.

lefeetive

* Drown (Level Five)
an opponent fill with liq

+ the lungs of

aumediate medical or magical asistance or die within a few
cuinutes. The tarwetof the Giftcan atterapttuhelpherselfb
shocandonothingelse except try toexpel the fluid, Thi
om either function asa way to capture an opporient, render
erny helpless ur inflict punishment on an individual
Santer: The plaver spends point of Rage and roll her
Willpower (difficuty of the victim's Willpower), Only one
axccas is necessry to activate this Gift. The vition mss
seceivehelpimmodiatelyoresedie from drowning, The victim
sry attempe to help herself by trying to codgh up ee otherwise
expel the fluid, but she can take no other actions (including
noverent away ftom her surtoundings) while she is making
mp. No successes means the Gift fails, while a borch
iors the Gilt upon the character attempting to use it

Gifts of Rorg

Garou in hattle and enhance the

-apbilities of thoue who uve them.
(Level One) — This Gift enables
the Gatou to say or do something that causes her target to
refresh her inner Rage. This might involve shaming an
her anger. The Garou ean alse surnmors with
hetselfa memory or an emotion that assists her i replenish
ing her own eapacity fr righteous anger

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Empathy
(difficulty 5) and spends a Gnosis point. A successful roll
enables the character wo speak or act in such a way that her
target gains point of Rage. Each additional success allows
thechamctercoaffect another individual, including herself.
A botch removes.a point of Rage from the target.

* Foetracker (Level Two) — By using this Gift, the

Garou can follow her quarry without risking losing the tal
Thescentof the target becomesso powerlul tothe Garou that
she ean follow iteven under conditions thar might otherwise
stscure the tral. Even ifthe victim eres water, lays do
afalse wal orattempts to maskhisscent with some other ox
the Garou unerringly follows her prey. However, the Uitt's
eflects become faintet with time and distance.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Perception + Primal Unge. Bach auecessallowsthe character
torrackher target uncrringly for onescene upto muximum
offive scenes, after which the effecrsofthe Giftendand the
toe faint t0 follow. No suc
botch se

ses means that
dsthe character

in a false direction.

* Savagery of the Taloned Hunter (Level Three) —
This Gift allows a Garou to gain twice the advantage of his
Rage, thus increasing the ferweity and frequency of h

—_——


|

sme A SS th

attacks or ee allowing him to accomplish more under stress,
than he normally would

System: The player spends a Rage point which he may
tien convert into the equivalent of two points of Rage for
the character. This erubles a character to take two extra
Actions in a combat at the cost of the Rage point. Another

e Gittallowsthecharscterto recover fromastunned
state and take an extra action (as fhe had spent point of
Rage to offbet the stun and a poine of Rage to gain an
sxidiional scrion) in the same turn, The Storyteller should
tnake the final determination as to how the character may
tue the advantage aired from this Gif. This Gitano he
used continuously, though the Garou may call on iseffeces
ince per story for every point of Willpower he possesses.

‘+ Hunter's Horn (Level Four) — This Gift enables
the Garou to cwate a saind so hewrible and mind-chilling
thuttsends enemies intourterpanicand causes them toflee
an area without regard for direction or destination. Enemies
sotiected cannot attempt to evade pursuit or disguise their
passage. This makes hunting them down and dispatching
thiem a fnily nimple tak

System: The player spends a point of Rage and rolls
Manipulation + Primal-Urge (difficulty of the highest Will-
power in the target group). Each sueces affects one victim
with uncontrollable panic, causing them torun blindly from
anarea. Garou affected by this Gift enters state offox frenty,
while others simply become mindless panicked creatures of
prey The affect lets foran ontits scene, during which time
the character (und any allies) may hunt down and slay the
victims if they so desire, No successes represents a simple
failure ofthe Gift, while a boteh affects the user of the Gift
inetead of hor intended victim or victims

* Pack Mind (Level Five) — This Gift forces a group
‘of foes to behave like a single-minded pack. All individuals
must perform the same task atthe same time regurdless ofits
appropriateness to 4 given situatinn. Ror example, if one
indlivihual fghts.all the others fight: fone person attempts
‘o sneak up behind an opponent all the others make this
attempt ns well, This Gift lasts for one combat scene,

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis und rolls
Willpower (difficulty 8).A single successallows the chamne~
ter 10 inflict Pack Mind on a group of up to four individuals
Additional successes allow the character to increase the
sinobes of people affeceed tt uacrements Of rw; five suc
ewes, therelore, enables the character to affect twelve
individuals. For the duration of this Gift, all the affected
victims mimic the actions of their leader — or, more
‘ypically the firs peron in the group o act each tur. fone
docides to speak, all of them attempe co do 90; fone throws
aleft hook, all of hem choose this form of combat, ignoring
ny weapons they may have, Failure means the Gift has no
cflces, while « torch (nadvertencly links the character's
mind with another individual for the remainder of the
scene. (The Storyteller should decide whetherthecharncter
becomes linked with a friend or an enemy.)

26

aa

Merits and Flaws
Aetherial

‘These Merits and Flaws have to do with the Garou's ties
tothe Limbeain general orhe Aetherial Realm in particular

Celestial Guidance (1 point Merit)

Youareat homein the Aetherial Realm snd ean intuit
the direction you need to go by a simple act of concentra-
tion, If you concentrate on your destination and make a
successful Willpower roll (difficulty 6), you ean sense the
nearestapprepriate"step" towards yourdestination, whether
moon path, anchorhead or even the tealim of a potential
auide. Even ifan Umbral event throws you off course, you
can eventually find your way hack to familiar territory,

Celestial Sensitivity (2 point Merit)

You ire attuned to the Aetherial Reilm, condition
which allows you rofeel when something isn't right around
You. This makes it easy for you to avoid being in the wrong
place at the wrong time. The Storyteller determines when
you receive warming, and whether of not you can determine
whether the sense of wrongness comes from some sort of
astrological phenomenon, celestial event or disturbance of
the local spirits,

Umbral Vertigo (3 point Flaw)

Being in the Umbra so distorts your perceptions that
youcannot tell which way is*up" or "down." Youconstantly
experience the sensation of falling. You perform all physical
actions at a +2 difficulty while you ate in the Unibra
including combat; furthermore, you must makea Willpower
roll to avoid suffering the same penalty on Social and
Mental rolls, due to your inability to concentrate cam:
pletely on what you are doing.

‘The following Merits und Flaws come from the influ

ence of the planetary Incamae. Players who wish their
chanictery to reflect the actions of one or more of the
zodiacal patrons may purchase a maximum of seven points
worth of Merits with freebie points ot take up toseven points
cof Flav in return for additional freebie points in charveter
creation. Storytellers who agree to let their players incorpo

tate these Merits and Flaws into existing characters may
award up to fourpoints toeach character forthe purchase of
Merits or allow players to take up to four points of Merits
balanced with four points of Flaws,

Rage Across the Heavens

TT,


SS

"

=

A fh
Nerigal

Battle Prowess (3 point Merit)

Combat with wespons comes naturally ts you. Swords
knives, klaives,quartertavesand variousother implements
of hand-to-hand warfare seer almost second nuture. You
enjoy an extra die on all Melee dice pools. Your expertise ta
butting; however, does not extend to causing more damage;
yoo roll the standard amount of dice for damage.

Reluctant Warrior (2 point Flaw)

Despite your Garou nature, you loathe fighting and
have to force yourself to enter battle. Once you have
ited yourself to the fray, you do not have any trouble
using all your abilities to their fullest; however, you never
ininiare combat of your own accord. This Flaw does not
affect your ability to defend yourself when attacked.

Also Appropriate: Berserker, Overcontident

Eshtarra
Eyes of Eshtarra (4 point Merit)

nue yout Kaslinda Skill heighten your senses
to their maximum, allowing you to feel, smell and hear
where things nnd people are. If blinded or placed ina
situation whee you cannot see, you can ase this ability to
crberinesforynut lack ofsighe Information cemesta youin
‘manner similar to a at's sora. Te order to take this merit
you must have ar least one level of Kailindo, This Mest
negates penalties caused by blindness or darkness. You
canoe take thie Merit if you have the Blind Flaw.

Earthbound (3 point Flaw)

You have an inherent need to feel something solid
underfoot. You avoid traveling by aipline whenever por
Se, dislike water (even ifyon'reable to vien) and otherwise
do whatever you can to remain "on the ground." Even when,
you travel through the Umbra, this feeling of discomfort
‘accompaniesyou Youre only at ease when youhve actually
arrived at some "solid" place in the Umbra. You must spend
uupoint of Willpower in order to board a plane, use Gift that

allows flight oF take some simi action that separates yon
rr tcrn firm Von tut alas uke e Willys dll whe

ever you enter the Umbra to avoid haying to suffer a +1
dlfficulty 19 all your actions while beyond the Gauntlet.
Also Appropriate: Jack-Of-All-Trades, Weak-Willed

Mitanu
Mitanu's Tongue (2 point Merit)

You have the abitity to talk your way our of mest things
when dealing with reasoning creatures, including mest spits,
‘You gain two extra dice on rolls involving Subterfuge (or

related Secondary Abilities) when attempting ro evade the
‘sue, void blame cr otherwise exape an awksard situation.

Mitanu's Retrograde Curse
(3 point Flaw)

The phinet Mercury's retrograde pesition atthe time of
youir birth hae inflicted you with a perpetual handicap im
vomnununication. People constantly misunderstand you, yes
hhabitually arrive fare at meetings, lerters you send get
delayed, lost or misdelivered and other similar misfortunes
beset you, You must spend a point of Willpower each time
you awed w make younelf undersioud clearly or ake i to
aan appointment of meeting on ti
Also Appropriate: Curiosity,
Lightning Caleulstor, Ambidextrous

Sokhta
Inner Sight (2 point Merit)

‘The solutions to puszlesand mysteries come to you with
relative cise. You enjoy a good mystery and look forwaad to
the oppornunity to test your incuition againe sorne of lifes
confusing situations. You gain twa extra dice on all rolls
involving Enigmas.

Gokhta's Minor Madness
(2 point Flav)

ech Impediment.

we tntime,althonyh for
the mast part you remain functional. Choose » Denwnge
ment for your character, Whenever the moon is your
roll your Willpower (lifficuley 8) to wvokt
surrendering to your himacy, You must make this moll every
night the moon remains in your phase. Atall other times of
the month you function normally

Avo Appropriate: Deranygel,

Katanka-Sonnak
Che Fire Within (2 point Merit)

‘The fires of Katunka-Sonnak warm you from within,
making you extra tesilient against cold weather or damage
‘eavsed by the cold, You gain two dice t or other
tolls involving cold weather h such as swimming «0
shore inanicy river ordigping your way out ofan uvalanche.

You also take one less die damage from frostbite or other
ccald-relared hazards,

Uncontrollable Appetite
(2 point Flaw)

‘You suffer from a tendency to binge whenever you are
under stress or have gone without food for more than a few
hours. Something in your metabolism snap and you feel the
eed to cat enormous amixints of food — everything i aight

Heart; Moon-Bavand

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws 127

TY,


|

we fh

tht seven vaguely edible. Such binges follow each frenzy or
therstesstelated event; additionally, whenever you go more
than four hours without ar lenst a setck of some sort, you fel
the urge to devour great umount of feet the next oppor
tity. You may spend a Willpower point to overcome this unge
fora scene. At the end of each binge, you must roll Stamina +
Survival dificlty 7) or be violenly il or the next half-oue
Also Appropriate: Drivin Goal, Daredevil

Hakahe

Friend of Sorcery (S point Merit)

"Magic fascinates you in all ins forms. You make all Gift-
telated or Knowledge-related Occult rolls at -1 to your
difficulty. In addition, you grasp the principles of Theunge
Gifts move Even if your ampice is sctnething other
than Theurge, you can learn the Gifts of the crescent moon
at the same experience point cost as those of your own
auspice. If you are a Theurge, you spend one less experience
po quire anew Theurge Gift although you must sill

Side by the reseitions of your Rank).

Sadness of Hakahe (1 point Flaso)

You tend to saccunb ay depression whenever circum:
stances overwhelm you: Instead of reaching inside to find
that extne sill to endure or perist, you flounder in the

Jepths of self-pity and pessimism. Ifyou fil three successive
soll (either in comsit oF mor-comnbac stustions) you fall
prey to feelings of despnir and inadequacy. All successive
tolls have « +1 added to theie difficulty until you finally
succeed st somthing.

Also Appropriate: Charmed Existence, Low Self Image

Cambiyah
Mother's Insight (4 point Merit)

You have an uncanny ability to see into de heart ofa
situation. You make all Wits-related rolls (with the excep
tion of initiative roll) at-1 to your diffculey. Additionally,
in situatlons where three or more successes are requires, you
need one less wiesess to accomplish your task. You cannot
botch Wits-related rolls (again. exchuding initiative rolls),
although you ean fail them.

Incorrigible Flirt (2 point Flaw)

You cannot resist making playful amrempes at seducing
anyone who fits your enteria for the perfect sexual partner.
Although you may not intend to begin a serious relationship (or
any relationship) with the object of your desire, you find
younelfasuining the role of eoquette ac seduces, whichever
seems more appropriate, whenever you are in the presence of
someone whe you consider attractive. You may find yourself
flirting with more than one perwonar the same time, asitaarion
tHutsould tam awkward inaleartheat. Yourmstspendapoint
cof Willpowertoremain focused on the matter athandand deter

128

a

your ages until a more appropriate ime. Wore, your Will
Power isconsdered to he one point lower whenever potential
mutes" try to sechce you or bend your will with supernarural
powers. Garou with this Flaw arealmost certainly Entices-bait,
sv dont assume it's al fur andl ues

Also Appropriate: Animal Magnetism, Compulsion,
Truc Love

Meros
Luck of the Road (2 point Merit)

You-enjoy, tnvveling for lea owin sake amd-tahe aiiy
opportunity todoso. The rol alo seems to have an affinity
for you and you find most journeys pleasuruble experiences
‘You make any wills involving travel-related actions ata -2
dificulry — including Reding

route, locating convenient shor cuts andavoidingobstacles
such as tnaffic tie-ups (in urban areas) or rockslides and
flocsded rivers (in the wikicmess). Your affinity extends to
‘Your companions as well, giving them at to simitar sols
when traveliaye with you.

Exrant Mind (1 point Flaw)

‘You have a deserved reputation for being tne!
Your mind tends to wander frequenthy s0 that you f
meetings you promised to attend, fail w keep prc
(although sorom oaths tend to stay in your memory) andl
oherwise fill short ofthe expectations of others, You must
spenda Willpower pointeach time thae you wish to make a
determined effort to keep a promise or attend a yathering

Also Appropriate: Jack-Of-All-Trades, Natural Lin:
guist, Absent-Minded

Zarok

Gorn Leader (1 point Merit)

‘Others respond to your inherent wuthority and rend to
follow your ordets oe suggestions. Even if youdo noc hold a
position of leadership, those around you teat you as if yoxt
did. You make all rolls involying the Leacership Tal
"1 to your difficulty

Braggart (2 point Flaw)

Your favorite topic of conversation is yourself. You
rnake every attempt to bring conversations around to your
achievementsandsuccessesand you never fil crake credit
for everything you even vaguely affected. You can't avoid
remindiny: others of your deeds and exploits, Consequently,
people tite of listening to you blow your own horn for niore
than new minutes. You wiake all Social rel at a penalty of
+1 to your difficulty-a8 «result of thers' inattention and
boelon with your slf-qgurandiziny speeches. (Ifyou vike
this Flaw, you'l be expected to roleplay your sense of pride
and oveximportance.)
Ales Appropeiater Overconfident, Concentration

Rage Across the Heavens

TT,


~~

NY

AZ

Resigned Spirit (2 point Merit)
Youssecept defeat ane setbacks with a calmness uncom-
mon in most Garou. Others find ie difficule to provoke you
to anger by taunts or insult and. you do-not eet overly
dlsoppointed when you fai, You gaina+2 wo your dificuly
tostrens from: trivial maltetssuch as personal frustration oF
the goading of others. When a tme occasion for frenzy
itself — such as the sight of a place ravaged by

— your chance for fronzy is normal,

Indolent Will (4 point Flaw)

‘You have a haed time rousing yourtelf to tuke wetion.

Whether others calli laziness or simply tendency toward

inertia, youprefertositback and letother take the initiative:

Unles you spend a Willpower point to allow yourielf a

normal initiative roll, yous automatically go ltt any curs
‘Also Appropriate: Calm Heart, Unskilled

Quatma
Hidden Talent (3 point Merit)

Youhave knack for keepingsecretsand forconcealing
objects so that others have a difficult time locating them,
Thismakes youn natural recipient forsensitive information
Orhers have 9 +2 to their diffienley far artempeing. tn

cwethear yout private conversations. If yon hide an object,
others suffer a +2 to theie difficulty to locate i

Intrique Junkie (1 point Flas)

Youcan' rest the unge to complicate matters by inser
‘ny an clement of intrigue in almoxt everything you do,
Nothing for you lever simple or straightforward. Youassuine
dat othcts have ulstioeinotives, jue a9 you de Yeu must
spend a Willpower point to resist your tendency to miatrise
others oF to avoid overcomplicating a simple situation,

Suspicion Magnet (4 point Flaw)

For some reason, others mistrust you and attribute all
kinds of sinister motives to your every woud and deed. Even
your puckmates refuse to believe that you can do anything
Without some sot of ulterior motive. You sur a +2 ditt
culty t Social rolls, to reflect your problems convincing
onhets ef your sincerity or that you ate speakiaye truthfully.

‘Also Appropriate: Dark Secret, Eidetic Memory

Shantar
Adaptable Mature (2 point Merit)

Younccept change easily and adapt quickly tounfamil-
jar situations or alien circumstances, The most bicarre
Umbral landscapes do not phase you, nor does it bother you
tomake sudden changes i plans or batde tactics. You can

avoid any penalties associated with exposins to alien chvi
ronments or drastic changes,

Thoughtless Heart (2 point Flaw)

‘Yousuffer fromm ala adagnents and
frequently take the consequences
foryourselfceforothers. You often sy orda things that hurt

hee than from malice. You
anyone, you just don't take the time t
consider the repercussions: You wuffer+2 difficulty wo Wits
related rolls (with the exception

Also Appropriate: Confused, Mech

Rorg
Good Instincts (3 point Merit)

You havean uncanny abiliey to newt the best course of
action in situntions involving instinctive responves rather
than logic or rational thought. This Merit makes you an
deal companion in the wildemess, where sacthon cakes
precedence over thought. You make all rolls involving
Primal Urge or Survival at -2 co your difficulty

Foul Cemper (2 point Flaw)

‘Yousuffe from perpetual anger, and this shows in your
words and setions. You ace quick to soap at packinates and
lose your temper easily. Because you are ws angry so often.
youtind it more difficult rosccimlte Rayge— angers your
‘normal state of being, and its hard to focus your wrath inte
something more potent: Whenever you enicounter 4 situa
‘ton that would normally result in your gaininy a point of
Raige, you must make n Willpower roll (diticulty 0) to dos

Also Appropriate: Reputation (excellent packmate)
Intolerance, Pack Mentality, Hatted

Planetary Aspects

‘These Merits and Flaws first appeared inn slightly
different form in the first edition Werewolf Players Guide
Players whose characters already posses these Merits and

Edipse-Born

‘A ules ‘on ins eabipe dationg # Gasem's
marked down asadefinite omen. However sitice child-
birth typically lasts much longer than an eclipse's
duration (save for lupus), there isn't ny the
Garou's auspice. Anyone horn during it hier eclipse is
treated asan Abroun 2s usual (lunar eclipses take plice
‘only during the full moon), Even so, the effects of an
eclipse on a Garou's birth are hard wo argue. The best
way, 60 ait

vwally supernatural in nature; what better way to
rationalize your Metamorph ability, or what better
forewnming of your character's eventual Dark Fate?

re the effects ind Flaws,

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws 129

———— i


|

came a ASL

may coin te Use thet instead of the Zovlincal
its and Flaws detailed above, While Storytellers may
Zosdiscal Merit and Flaws in theit
+, individual characters should only possess one or the
her type Swrytelletsmay allow characters with Planctary
Aspects to change those Merits for similar Zodiacal ones,
either paying the difference in freebie points gaining back
freebie point
like fashion, characrersmay convert Planetary Aspect Flaws
to Zadincal Fan (with the Storyteller'spermission) solong
ws the total number of points gained remains the same.
CChanctets using Planetary Aspects may not pees
«iio aspects belonging to the same pliner. They may, how:
ever, choose two aspeets of diferent planets. Having more
than two Planetary Aspects is not recommended, except
uni umatanees (such as the presence of a
planetary alignment ar the mor ). Rising and
Midsky ispects count as Merits and cost freebie points t0
accquite. Descending aspectsare Flawsand give extra freebie
points 19 characters who powcess them. Unless the Story.
teller decides differently, Descending Planetary Aspects
count twand the total number of Flaws allowed in the
process of characte crea

Mercury Rising (3 point Merit)

‘You will travel far, both in the physical real and in
your far-minging thoughts Physical barciers, societal liniea-
‘ons und eonstraints ofall kinds cannot strain you when
youdesire escape their hounds Ragabash Garou find theie
natural tendencies blossom with this aspect, while Silent

view (Cas a particularly good portent: Garou who
have MereuryRisinehavea-l roany difficile
the Gauntlet, from stepping sideways to using Gifts that
require overcoming the Gauntlet.

Mercury Midsky (2 point Merit)

Teaching comes naturally to yous you draw on the vast
experience and insights which evolve fram Mercury's skill
‘ncommunicating information. Qecasionally, however, you
fandthat yourpenition isteacher interferes with other duties
—wich as fightingthe Wyrm. Youconstantly juggle the two
Impulses. Philodox Garou consider this a favorable aspect,
while Stargacetsidmire individuals with this aspect in their
svvral chit
This Metit affects other Garou in addition to the
ivulividual who possesses it. Any Garou who studies with
‘mo extra experience points per scary in which
nescene under your tutelage, Each time
ich student, You gainone pointof temporary
wn. In order to qualify, however, you must
possess the Instruction Skill or possess at leas four dots in
the Ability or Atinbute you wish w track. Beginning
Stargazer characters gain two extra points of temporary
‘Wisdom Renown if they possess this aspect.

invalves

130

I

Mercury Descending (3 point Flaw)

This unfavorable aspect causes you to have peoblems
‘with limitations and boundaries due tothe reversal of the
qualities associated with Mercury. Communication difficul-
ties that involve long distances or complex ideas also tend to
gonwry, Yousuffera penalty of +1 to actions that involve the
‘Gauntlet as well as to attempts to maneuver through bureau:

crntc red tape or bypassa locked deor orsecurity system. Kolls
that involve Subterfuge also receive a +1 to their difficulty.

Denus Rising (4 point Merit)

‘You posses an unmistakable charisma thar makes you
aural leader, inspiting others to follow you cut of love
and admiration rather than ftom fear and intimidation
Lovers come into your life with regularity und fiends seek
you out, The Chile of Gaia treasure thi aspect, seeing
te 4 means for bringing about their goal of universal ha
mony and peaceful evexstence. Social rolls tht involve
(Chariton goin an extra de

Denus Midsky (3 point Merit)

‘This aspect increases your ability to act-asan interme-
diary or mediator between opponing factions. You powess.a
seothing yoice and calming nanure and can often stop
hostilities from erupting. People enjoy listening to youand,
therefore, tend to listen harder to what you say.

When acting axa mediator, yu gain 3 extra Willpower
points for the duration of that scene. However, this aspect
also places a limit on your Rage. You cannot spend Rage
Points while in the process of mediation; furthermore, ic
requires five succisars on a Rage roll fe you to frenzy when
acting asian intermediary. Each time you successfully medi-
ate a situation that could otherwise have become violent or
hhoxtile, you receive' temporary pointsof Wisdonn Renown.

Denus (Descending (2 point Flaw)

Lovedef you constantly. In addition, people tend to
<iscount what yous for no apparent reaxon, Bone Gras:
‘erssce this aspect as teat of one's ability to survive despite
‘unfavorable circumstances and respect anyone who poe
sexes Venus Descending (though they don't necessitily
sen to that undid).

‘Any Soxtal toll hac mvolve Charuma or Seduction
are ut +1 difficulty for you. Bone Gaawers with Venus
Descending however, receive twcextrapoints in temporary
Honor Renown (a one-time bonus given at the time of
character creation of when the Flaw is first acquired).

Mars Rising (6 point Merit)

‘The fire of battle runs through your veins nd commu
nicates itself through every aspect of your being. Your eyes
sleam with the eagle's ferocity, while your posture demon
strates your constant readiness for combat. The Get fFentis
celebrate the birth of any tribe member born with Mars

Rage Across the Heavens

ry,


wt tft

Rising — paruicularly Abroun, Galliard or Philodox. You
vin an extra die ro your dice pool for any oifensive combat
action; you may add this bonus (o either your attack or
damage toll each turn. This bonus Joes not apply to defen:
sive actions or to soak rolls

Mars Midsky (S point Merit)

You have-u reputation for your volatile temper aml
inspire swe in others for the destruction caused by your
memorable frencies. Most Garou consider this tendency a
Merit tnther than a Flaw, since: healthy Bersetk frenzy can
setae powerful aid in battles againet overaheliming adds
Furthermore, Garou ten to respect and fear warriors farnous
for thetr spectacular frencies. Fianna Abrouns particularly
value this planetary aspect, since it calls to mind the deeds
of many legendary Celtic and Bianna herons
Younewerenter a Fox frenzy: instead you follow the path
‘of the Berserk, When ina state offency, you receive +2 dice
tony oak ollsand add + | toyourdice pool for any Strength
related rolls Ahroun receive three additional points of tem-
porary Glory Renown due to a reputation as an alla, no
hholds-barred fighter. However, there isadownside; you frenzy
with only tan successes on. Rage roll, meaninyy that the
‘Tleall ofthe Wyrm loom: much closer to you than to others

Mars Descending (6 point Flaw)

Your inner anger overwhelms you to the point of
inoriculateness and incapacity: Despite your potential asa
‘warrior, you just can't seem to put tall together at the right
time due to your runaway passions

Your dice poo! for combat-related actionsis reduced by
oe, In addition, you can only spend up to two Rage points
per tum, regardless of your Dexterity

Jupiter Rising (7 point Merit)

Luck favors you with extraordinary good fortune. When
you seem to need it most, good luck falls in your path, This
happens most often when you attempt to ald someone other
than yourself, but you also enjoy the benefits of this aspect.

Ifyou wih ro invoke the lick of your aspect, you must
spend two Gnosis points and make 9 Gnosis roll, difficulty
9, The swimber of success equals your total "hick points"
forthe scene. You mas spend these points in several wis

* You ean use one point to heal one health level (even:
one lost wo aggravated damage),

* You can use them as Willpower or Rage pomts,

* Voucan tsethemtore-toll any son aane-for-one basis

‘You may only invoke this Merit once per scene. If you
run our of Gnosis, you have temporarily nm out of luck

Jupiter Midsky (4 point Merit)

‘You ubsorb knowledge easily and enjoy a reputation as
a scholar (though not as x teacher). You tend to possess
breadth of knowledge chat makes others seek you out for

Chapter Five: Heavenly Laws

———— is

counsel. You may add one die to your dice poo! for any

Knowledge Ability rll,

Jupiter Descending (6 point Flaw)

Murphy's law seems to mule your life. Jupiter's lucky
influences reverse themselves in your horexcope,csuning bad
tack to plague you constantly. Fornunately, your bad hick does
pot Heed ower into the lives and fornines of others. This
frequently causes youtoresent theis comparative gand fortune

Exch tiine you mike a roll, the Storyteller rolls an
addicional die. IFthat die is a one, it takes away one of your

succectes; aeheewide, it has no effect on

Celestial Fetishes
& Talens

‘Thefetishesdescribedhere can onlybe obtained through
Interaction with the planetary Incarmae orone oftheir lesser
spirits or spirit servants. Characters cannot make these
fetishes themselves. Mostof them are tate, appear
the hands of those individuals who have dons sor
deserve receiving 2 gift ftom one ofthe planetary Incarnae
Storytellers should feel free to design ather fetishes thar
come from the Aetherial Realm,

Hunter's Talons

Level 3,
Made fom chunks ofan asteroid from Rowy'sdomain, these
‘metal tlonscan be laid atop a Garou' own claws, lke sexe sect

of clawed gauntlet Their damage tsthatof astandard claw attack,
bout by activating the fer, the Garou caus double hie dun
dice pool against Wyn creatures. Neallestosay,aCGarou sing
these talons uxly places che fetish on her dominant fn
(these fetishes do nit come in pairs). The chamage is, of course,
aggravate spit Une ht is bowie tats each fev,

Ruatma's Cup

Level 3, Gnosis 5

This pewter drinking vated, (nipines
anyone who drinks from it to regird the eup's owner as a
confidant and close friend The drinker receives a subcon:
scious Willpower toll, difficulty 9, to resist the effects, but
will not realise thathe potentially being manipulated, The
effect is so subtle that the victim doesn't realize what has
happened, even after the effect has wor off

Maidenstone

Level 3, Gnoms 6

A female Garou who possesses one of these small, flar
ontralherrepeniicrive cycles trv the extent that

she can decide whether ot not to become pregnant. A male

‘Garou who hasa Maidenstone can likewise decide whether or

not to father a child, Unfornunately, the odds of siring or

birthing Clara childern aren't affcetad. The Maidenstine

431

asin 6


ceases childbirth for the possessor of for an individual desig
nated by the powessor (who must lend the ferish toherfor the
duration of labor). This fetish glows with a steady warsnth
whenever the possessor comes into contact with an indi
vidual whose destiny is linked ro the Mnidenstone's holder

Sokhta's Pathstone

Level 3; Cinna 6

‘This mall flat stone resembles n pearl and his a wolf's
claw imprinted on one side. Most Pathstones remain in the
aera where they are used to form one end ofa Moon Bi
Solihes's Pathetones, howevor, ean be eattied about by =
Garou anil can, therefore, allow the formation of Move
Bridge from wherever the earier happens to be to another
‘spot chat has a Pathstone attuned to

Songstone of Eshtarra

Level 4, Gnosis 7

This small, rounded scone contains flakes of mica that
reflect the moonlight. When activated, the Songstone grants
a vision tthe one who uses it. The vision, though nor exact
and frequently couched in symbols, gives « hint about the
nmediate future (within 24 hours). Ror example, the Garou
invoking the power ofthe Songstone may see a misshapen
° black bird swoop down upon a sleeping wolt. This might
suggest the possbiliryof surprise atick upon acatby caer
while mont of ity memabers A spint of time ot
‘dreams is generally bound into one of these fetishes

| Star Compass

| evel 4; Grosis 7

This device appears ro be an ordi
carried into the U
asa directional device that un leads the possessor to
ever tealm she desires. The Garou need only concen
con her intended destination while holding the Com-
pass. This fetish comes from Moros' wandering realm
| contains one of that Incama's lesser spisis

Jee Klaive

Level 5, Gnovis 7

Although this weapon ts no bigger than a standard klsive
chstirarviualagge ents op i
Grand Klaive (Strength +4), The difficulty to hit with as
IceKlaive 6, Inaddition, whenactivated, theextremecold
of the Ice Klaive causes an adklitional health level of nory
uggravuted damage equivalent te frostbite
weapon comes from Nerigal's cold domain and contains
coe of his warrior spit

| Zarok's Spirit Crown
Level 5, Gnosis 7

This simple metal b
increases the wearet's Cha

pass. Whee
mand activated, however, it functions

This fet

id, when activated and worn,
na with regard 0

eine


Moonsilver

This silvery substance, available only from Soka
orvoncothcr Incamsof us, criginatesinthe Aether
Reale that cortesyindsto the mcon. Objects dipped in
inelted! Moonslver do twice the number of aggravated
wounds to Garou or other silver-vulnerable creatures
that an object of plain silver das (although mete

ing will soon flake away like w cout of pine). In
addition, Moonisilver objects increase their possess
Gnoxisby one — although ifthe wielder carelessly comes
tito contact with the nuked Moonailver of bie own
fettsh, he ian't shield from the damage. Garou may
obtain Moonsilver ftom Sokhta through performing
quest for her, although they must sacrifice a point 0
permanont Gnosis to her ax payriont

spirits by two extra dice. Spirits respond favorably to the

Garou and assist her intany way possible, including fighting
for her or seeking out information ftom other spirits Ifthe
‘Crown ts worn for more chan one scene, the Garou suffers a
Hiinding headache that continues to escalate until she
removes the Crown far at least 48 hours. A minor spirit of
Zatok ts bound tmeo is fetal

Moonsilver Klaive

Level 6, Gnosis 7

‘This ritual dagger, tinkike other Klaives, bears a perma-
nent coating of Moonsilver. Thus, a Garou who carries this
dagger lowes no Gnonis from the underlying silver of the
laive: Instead, the Garou funetionsas if his Gnosis were one
pointhigherdue tothe Moonuilver. The dagger houses spirit
of war or protection und does double damage dice against
silver-vulnerable opponents. The difficulty wo attack with a
Moonsilver Klnive is. Garou und other cteaoures intolerant
of silver may not soak the damage from this weapon. This
fetish comes from Sakhta's Realm and can onty be obtained
fromher rene other pitts although itispossibe fora Garou
tn obeain Moonsilverand dip her own klaive in the substance

Calens

These talens provide examples of the kan of items
found mn the Acthiertai homes of the Planetary Incamnac.

Unlike other talens, these are not created by Garou, but
‘carried back from Umbral quests. The Srorytellershouli feel
free ro create other similar items.

Blood Jee

Gris 5

This reddish fnilfe-Hike shard if ice remains solid wna
shorpas long ast remains shearhed, When dean to we fi
Weapon, (ccanses aggravated damage —but also begins 10
deteriorate. The fist time itstrikesan opponent, the Blooxt
ce does Strength + 3 damaye. The next successful atiack

Chapter Five:

_—

does Strength + 2) the third and final a oes Strength
+1. After that the Blood Ice "melns" and becomes useless
This talen originates in Netigal's reali.

Eshtarra's Flowers

Gootis T

These tiny blossoms, when cast upon the ground, suit
mona: member of Eshtarra's pack ta help fight foe he
suimoner or defend a certain place. Th
theadva

wit wolves enjoy
-ofbeing able tofightbuth on the material plane
Jima, The miaerializes sprit fights until te body
ir the physical world) or alin in Po

nba). Each flower may be wed only once

Meros' Winged Scarab

Gincsin6

‘This tiny jewel is shaped like an Egyptinn scarab. The
Gavou can activate the talon so that it becomes a tiny insect
which can either scour ahead for the Garou, or else serve as
a distraction for its master's enemies or pursuers [neither
cease, the Scarab vanishesatter it hascompleted ttstak. This
talen comes from Meros' realm

Mercurial Powder

Goris $

This silvery powder, when placed an the tip of the
teingue, temporarily increases character's Wits by 2 dice
(even if this exceeds five dive). This increases the user's
reaction time ancl any other Wits related activity for ane
scene, Thisashen dst eornes from the realm of Mitan, and
{s granted only to those who've wiceesfully quested there

Rings of Lu-Bat

desined

Gooais 5
"This dust whee blown or pxinkled omnis eager, forms
‘ing that tightens and holds the victim motionles. Anyone

caught in the ring must answer a single question truthfully
Once the viti has given a tne answer, the rey dissipates
The ring hia Strength of fx purposes resk
fos grasp, The dust riginutes in Lu-Bar's reali.

fee fromm

Spirit Wolves (Eshtarra's Pack)

Atteibutes: Suength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, excep
Abilitiest Alermness 2, Athletics |, Brawl 5, Dodge t
Primal-Unge 2, Stealth 2, Survival 4
Physical attackst Bite, Overbear, Body Slam, Leaping Rak
pit fgem, the Spirit
ributes and abilities

‘When antacking in their norms
Wolves have the followin a
Rage % Willpower 10, Grnowis 7, Power 40
Charmsi Airt Seime, Reform, Blast Flame (3 di
aggravated damage)

Heavenly Laws

Sint <2


a AZ

Shantar's Waters of Thought

Gnonis 5

Thisclear liquid, when imbibed, increasesthe dtinker's
Intelligence by 2 dice fra single scene. This enables the
eon who partakes of the Watets to come up with some
‘important insight of solve some puzzle that might otherwise
clude her. Shantar's watery realm supplies this talen.

Sunfire

Gnosis 6

Caried by necessity within a darkened sphere, this
‘acing molten liquid ean bur out sickness or heal injury.
When applied to a wound or swallowed, Sunfine causes
{nterse agony froma its great heat (often resulting in tempo:

‘unconsciousness Even 3, the liouid eures up to three

jcvelsof aggravated damage, and also purgesdiscases,
poisons or Wyrn-taint from the bodies of is victims. This
liquid comes from Katanka-Sonnak's domain; i's rumored
thar immersion in Sunfite might even cute fornor oftheir
‘ate, if they could be taken to the realm fora cure

Tambiyah's Seeds

‘These small yeeds, when tossed upon piece of dam
aged grouind, begin a healing process that repaits damage to
the earth over an extended period of time. Each seed affects
square inile of ground and serves to purify the land from
Wyrm-taint, toxic waste or the effects of strip-mining or
some other form of non-natural corruption. The seeds come
from Tambiyah's Actherial horn.

Born Under a Bad Sign

Garou werologers donot yet know thi
tions farindividuals born "under the Eye of th
Fromm the bits and pieces of knowledge gathered from
the observations made by the Sept of the Stars ftom
theie spirit omtery, the effects of Anthelios remain
atarbexleonfy ll forthe Garou and— presumably —for
ivy indlividualsborn with Antheliosasu major factor in
their horoscope. While no specific Merits or Flaws
tnfluence int Garou'sastrolegical ert doesnot bode
wel forthe individual involved, Storytellers may want
to play up this negative aspect for characters who fall
into this category, although its not likely to be
factor unless the Storyteller chooses to advance the
storyline sufficiently into the future that cer
Antheliog-born Garou are nearing theie First Change.

Dulcan's Embers

Goosis

This glowing cmbcr may be awe w forge ur destroy a
sinygle weapon or can be hurled at an opponent. Weapons
created sing one of Vulcan's Embers alan additional die
te dimage pools, while weapons thrown in fire containing
conc of these talens ave seduced in one cari i useless slag I
used asa weapon, an Ember inflicts three Health Levels of
‘napalen-lke aggravated damage befcredying. These Embers
‘originate in Hakahe's fiery realm,

134 Rage Across the Heavens

i mine


Pini Sede ates oe

J beings the

Detailson people a icteta may me
in the course of the chronicle are given here. Those profiled
include members of the Sept of the Star, leaders of the
‘various factions involved with dhe bieth of the metiscub und
ced with the various plinetary Incarrin

elaboeare on or alter any of

Storytellers should feel fre

those given ere tocustomize them for theirown chronicles
Ape

Abilities and Gifts are mken from Werewolf th
hype, Werewolf Players Guide, Book of the Wy
Chapter Five of this book

The Sept of the Stars

Although their long exposure to the Umbra in general
and the Actheria! Realm in particular has caused the mem:
betsof the Septof the Starsto assume the substance (or lack
thereof) of spirits, chey are shown here with the Attributes
hey passessed in phy

Altair

Breed: How

al form.

Appendix: Those Who Walk Among the Stars

Deweanor: Confdas
Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexte
Stamina 5 (7/8

ty 4 (45/6 /6),

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1),
2 41/0/22)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertnes 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Emp:

thy 3, Expression 1, Instraction 3, Intiodatio

Appear:

3, Primal:
Urge 2, Subeerfuge I

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Kailindo 5, Meditation 4, Leader

ship 5, Melee 3, Performance 2, Stealth 1, Survival 3
Knowledges Area Knowledge (Antherial Realm)
Enigmas 5, Garou Astrology 5, Linguistics 2, Medicine

Occult 2, Rituals 3, W
Backgrounds: Past L
Gifts: (1) A\

a of Leadership, Balance, Bartlesense, The
Falling Touch, Lambent Sight, Sense Wyrm; (2) 1
Strength, Shards of ley Rage, Staredown; (3) Clarity, Mer
ciful Blow, Nerigals Gall to Arms, Ride the Solar Wit
Whis J; (4) Bedy Shift, Challenge of Sin
Combat, Preterntural Aw nite, Spirit Wo
(5) Astral Mind, Disecting the Soul, Essential Transform
tion, Heart of the Warrior, Kiss of Helios, Moondream,

ess.

135

ei,


4,

asi 10, Willpower 10 Rigel Walks-the-Stars

Rank: 5
Rites: Storycoller'sdixececiony prepusnably «great many Dive Hoa
Fetishes: Moonsilver Klaive, Phoche's Veil, Harmony Flute
ir's Homi form isthar of 9 man of indeter
rminate age between 30 und 50 in super adi
thon. In Crinos, Aftair has black coat streaked with gray fut
that forms a pattern like the seas seen against dark night Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
ky. F a hus the same black and gray fur and is Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)
larger than the average wolf. He has unnaturally 5 Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0)0/0), Appear
in all for ance 5 (2/0/3/5)
Roleplaying Nota Alias weecuieiand Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

E
four

mid

who winild oppose him ended up rece

ilities. He acts like the quiet c Talents: Alermess3, Athletics L, Brave 1, Dodge 3, Empa-

and saying much with few word Skills: Animal Ken 2, Euquette3,Kailindo |, Lendeeship
listory: Alvairkecps hispasttohimnself SincehisFirt Melee 3, Peformance I, Stealth 2, Survival 3
f the Sept of the Stars gave him the perfect — Linguistiey 3, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Rituals 4, Science
unity co fulfil his dream. Before joining the sept, his (Astronomy) 3

of Kailind led wy his reputation for being largely Backgrounds Mentor (Bright Vision) 3

thewisdom —¢

dea " ' Gaia; (2) Call to Duty, Inner Strength, Strength of Purpose
in the Umbra, and shows no tegtet for leaving the physica mont Sh Marca Bian Wats ot

136

thin. Ancient Wayx

Rage Across the Heavens

EOP BN EY BST DRE IE CS EPS

L


A LSA

Raye 6, Gnosis ®, Willpower 8
Rank: 3
Rites: (Accord) Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition,
‘of Renunciation; (Mystic) Rite of Talisinan Dedication,
Rite of Becoming, Rite of Simmoning: (Punishinent) Rite
‘of Oseracism, Stone of Scorn, Voice of the Jackal: (Minoe)
Greet the Moon, Greet the Su
Fetishes: Songstone of Eahrarra

Tmage: In Homid form, Rigel appears as a mature
‘woman in hermid-thirtes, with shoulder-length beown hie
(ccreaked with silver at the temples); she dreses in long
skinsind loose blouses whenever possible. ba Crinos form,
her brown fur i slashed with silver. As a wolf, Rigel isan
average-szed brown and silver wolf with smiling eyes

Roleplaying Notes: You enjoy insmacting athers pat=
ticularly in your special field of Garoustrology. Youbrook no
nonsense, however, andassert your authority with acombina-
tion of gentle persuasion and sharp-tongued strasm.

History: Originally « member ofthe Children of Ga
Rigel found thac she had mate in eotmsnon with the Starzit-
ers whom she met at interttibal moats. As she grew moro,
Involved in udying the eosmos and the elfeccs of the start
en the lives ofboth humans and Garou she tealized thar she
could better serve Guialbipinking her fate vo that of the
Stargazer

a Stargaser elder, who Sere coobie eur

Star. Rigel quickly mide a4 mang thie
‘cosmic Contemplatives sii HOW Betves as a greetEt and
advisor to visitors to the sept

Bright Vision

(Andromeda Moon-sister)

Breeds Homid 4
Auspice: Philodox

Demeanor: Explorer
Physical: Sirengsh 3 (5/716/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Searaina 3 (5/6/6)5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear
ance $ (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 9, Wits

Talents: Alertness, Beawl 2, Doxge 3, Empathy 4, Expres:
4, Instruction 4, Prioal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Etiquette 4, Kailindo 5, Leaderhip 2, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Asronomy 4, Enigmas 4, Garou Astrology 4,
Investigntion 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Rituals 4, Scienee
(Planetology) 4

Backgrounds: Rites 4

Gifts: (1) Persnsion, Scent of the True Form, Sense Wyrm,
Speed of the Messenger, Truth of Gain; (2) Call ro Duty,
Manele ofthe lind, Shorten the Rad, Surface Armunement

Appendix: Those Who Walk Among the Stars

"skills en "soe"

(3) Prophetic Vision, Unravel, Wisdom of the Ancients:
(4) Preternatural Awareness, Scent of Beyond, Spit Wand
Rage 4, Gnonis 9, Willpor
Ranks $
Rites: Storyteller should determine which rites ate app
priate, bur she definitely has the Rite of the Spirit Pass
Fetishest Star Compass
‘Merits Eyes of Eshear

mage: fn. Homi form, Bright Vision' appears

woman in her mid-thircies, with auburn hair and very clear
seen eyo: Froen her a
that she is blind. In Crinos form, her fur is « light grayish:
color, while her eyes retain thet elear green. In. her
fur remains gray, her eyes green, an odd color for a wolf,
Releplaying Noteot You lost your sight to the Wyrm
Burhavenever givenup un your visionofrestoringthe workd
40 the huarmony you've found within the Actherial Realm.
"You enjoy visiting both new places and familiar b
Peipecially when youcan guide others tosimilar enjoyment
‘Along the way, you hope to learn more to being your vision
‘Aoyfruition,
©) History: Andromeda Mocnsince was once an ambi
Cows yourig Garou who hoped te kecome the chief Philodox
ofer sep iit Penns van proper dreauns,
pshe\foresew herelFeeaveling throughout the realimeo( the
ea Incarrive with famikesd prow Of explorers, Juste
hey finished chip grand tear she had another deearn,

that there would batts on the Sept ofthe Stars by a
dof Black Spital Dangert and cormupted Starpiis Iv

"the ciream, she sawherell traveling to the sept cowarn them

Whi fighting slongskde them to turn back th
She also foresaw thar if she did this, she would emerge ftom
‘the battle blind. She decided the sacrifice was worth it. The
ream wasatrucone, and the sept waa saved, Forher bravery
nlsactifice, she wan rated the ability to use her Kailindo

inotherwaysandtotexch others her skills, Her
[Prophetic iftshuve grown even stronger with the lossot her
‘ight and she was invited to join the Sept of the Stats. To
reflect the changesshe had experienced and her new way of
seeing.ahe took the name Bright Vision. She has been with
the Sept afthe Starseversince, guidingother arowon their
Journeys through the Aetherial Rear

Antares Bitter-Cruth

Breed: Homid

Auspicet Ahroun

Tribe: Stargazer

Nature: Jusige

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Phy (6/S/T/5), Dexteriey 4 (4/516)6)

hers.

Je Streryeh 4
in 4 (611/216)
ial: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0)0/0), Appear:
ance 3 (2/0/33)

Mental: Perception 4, lascllicnce 3, Wise 3

137


|

aA

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl4, Dodge 3, Intim
dation 3, Primal-Usge 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Ki
Leadership 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Astronomy 3, Enigmas 2, Garou Astrology 3,
Law 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Rituals 3
Backgroundst Mentor (Altait) 5
Giftss(1) Balance, Battiesense, Lambent Sight, Persunsion,
Razor Claws; (2) Inner Serength, Shards of Icy Rage, Spieit
of the Fray, Staredown; (3) Heart of Fury, Merciful Blow,
Ride the Solar Winds: (4) Cocoon. Hunter's Horn, Preter-
natural Awareness
Rage 6, Gocnis 7, Willpower 8
Rank: 4
Riteas As chosen by the Storyteller
Fetishes: Ice Klaive

Image: Antares isin his late twenties: In Homi form
hie has a lean, muscular body, shoulder-length black Hix,
deep brown eyes and a scar over his left eyebrow, He prefers
dlatkelothing that makes him seein more authoritative chan"
his years. In Crinos, Antares isa ten-foot beute with black
fue tipped with silvery gray: In wolf and Hispo form, his

coloration ts much thessame: In all these forms, his scar
stands out bike a white brand.

Roleplaying Notes: You are actully quite yout at
ouch whighly rinked Garou. AsAlale's prorés6, you expect
somediy to rake over the lidetship ofthe Sept of theStars.
‘Youknow that the septs mage tying tines are justithead and,
‘want to pettect yourself as fi as possible to méet whatever
‘crisis comes. You much admire Alt would not want

set himisdowns, More than that, you're tired of hearing that
the contemplative Sturgazers cannot fight their own battles;
you're living proof that isn't so.

History: Born of a Garou mother who often visited
the Sept of the Stars and a Kinfolk amateur astronomer,
Antares grew up fascinated by the stary and planets. His
first ambition — to become an astronaut — proved impos-
sible when he underwent his Fint Change. Soon thereat-
ter, however, his mother took him to the Sept of the Stars
nd introduced him to Altair The leader of the sepe
insisted that the young Garou undergo his Rite of Passage
and learn what it meant to be Garou un the earthly realm,
bur promised that once the young Garois was blooded, he
Id accept him as his protéyé. During his first battle,
Antares was wounded. He arrived on the doorstep of the
spinitortery the next day, proudly displaying his battle scar
and has heen there ever since.

Canopus Skydancer
Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliand

‘Tribe: Sramgnser

Nature: Builder

a

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6)7/1),

‘Stamina 5 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (3/0/0/0), Appear
ance 4 G/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits +

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Expres-
sion 4, Primal-Unge 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

‘Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Perfor-
mance 4, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 1, Med
cine 2, Rimuale &

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Past Life 2, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Balance, Call of the Wyld, Find the Child
Within, Mindspeak, Sense Wyrm (2) Dreamspeak, Eyes of
lhe Cat, Oaksoiyg, Pouce of the Counselor (3) Deliberace
Misinformation, Moonniver, SongofRage (4) Bridge Walker,
Mercurial Messenger
Riae 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7
Rank: 4
Rites: As needed
"Fetishes: Ruarma's Cup
‘Metis Deformity: Canopus' left hand appears normal but

dows nat Svea i cannot clove itinto.a. fist or hold
pene fn Lapis form, he has a pronounced timp,

ge his left foreleg does iisull weight.

rmajies Canopus ic inhiempely thieves, though he looks
‘more as if he had juitjuuimhed twenty. Ln Hound forsa, he has
Rffee-bluck skin, eunly BlaGK hair and brown eyes. He is
whipcord-thin and moves with che agility of the horn street
THA te Cen; he has hlack fir and appre clightbe wnder-
‘Shed. In Lupus form, his fur is black, his eyes a glittering
‘brown and he is almost gaunt-looking.

Roleplaying Notes: You have had a strange life. Only
ecently have you truly accepted and embraced what youare
and dedicated yourself wo Gaia's protection and the better:
ment of your sept. Because of your early life, you came lare
‘w your heritage, but you've made up for lost time, becoming
powerful and earning Renown quite quickly. Thovgh you
understand that nor all sepe: would have condemned your
fairents, you feel most comfortable among the Sept of the

Stars. Here, you'll make your stand for better or for worse. If
the Ried Star bodes evil, you'll do whut you san ts stop it Ae

for the metis-bom child, you can certainly empathize and
will doull in your power to nurture it. If you ean make im
ss tre Garou, 80 ean it

History: Canopus grew up hidden away in an attic, He
never really understood why hisparents found it necessary to
‘keep himasecret and why they were alwayslookingover their
shoulden to see if anyone was after them. As he grew older,
they explained things rc finally sealed they wer
cast afraid they'd be hunted down for their sin. After his
First Change, be preferred to live asa strect kid rather than

approaching a sept and asking admircance. One day he
a

returned home tofind hinparents both torn it tiny piece:

Rage Across the Heavens

"|


eA tft

the learned whar Black Spital Danncets were. Fighting willy,
hhe was captured by the corrupted ones, who begin to spirit
‘him sveay, He howled our his inguish and wxddenty the attic
‘ws fll of Garent They overcame the Spirals and rescued
Canopus. Briefly he stayed with his rescuers, a sept of Glass
‘Willers who had been watching his parents for year, but he
felt uncemnfortabe with them, Finally he had a Theurge cast
Ins honmcope for isn and was tok he belonged with the Sere
of the Stars to recond the unprecedented events that were
con to come, Accordingly, he traveled to the orery and
petitioned foradmitrance. After consultinytheirown oraces,
they acepred him. Since then, Canopus Iie studied and
learned ns quickly as postble tobe realy forthe roe the stars
hhave decteed for him

Sirius Darkstar

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Theurge

‘Tribe: Stargater (formerly Uktenwi)

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Confidunt F

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/61
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

f [slinging to the ane caem they still controlled, and lea

he ismall with red-tipped black fur and gray streaks around
this muscle and on his back.

Roleplaying Notes: You have lived long and seen
such. Though you began life asa woll, you soon realized the
power within you and learned man's ways so you could tap
into that power, Though you have never lost the Uktena
passion for leaming secrets, you hive [eared to pur thar
the servive of the Sept of the Stars. Widh die advent of the
Red Starand the birth of the metiscub, youbelieve youhave
found the reason for your long life. You will use the know!
edge and skills you have acquired to turn whatever comes to
the service of Guia and wo provext ie Aether Reali as
well as you can

History: Born as.a wolf in New Mexico, Sirus duited
ir0 bis father's poople after his First Change, He joined the

‘Sept of the Ghosts, a small group of Utena desperately

early lessonsumong these bitter Garou, Soon, heshowed
promise as a Theurge and began walkiry the spirit world
most as frequently as the earthly real. He ret an fell in
re with on Utena Kinfolk wornan and settled with bert

a family. Constantly called upon to peeform cites and

fp to bind Banes, he necessarily left his wife and two
children home quite often. After ungling with a group of

Social: CharismasiiManiflation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appeat- land speciitons whi cc fo cheat thethiinye tribes
ance 2(MO2R) ee [ists tle esetinaione be cn ne
Mental: Petcéption 4, wi. a find thith)s wife and childrerhod been muntered. Tracking

Talents: Aicrtness 2, Brawl 3, Exxiee
Pri
Skills:
Knowledges: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 5, Occult 3, Rituals 5,
Wyrm Lore 3
Backgrounds: Past Life 2, Pure Breed 3
Gifts: (1) Balance, Earehsense, Heighten Senses, Lam
bent Sight. Mother's Touch, Sense Magic, Sense Worm,
Shroud, Spisit Speech; (2) Coramand Spirit, Hidden Depths,
Moonpoot of Sokhta, Name the suse the Unnams
ro), Spiritot the Bind, Umbsal Tether; (3) Clarity, Exorcism,
Hidden Heart, Prophetic Vision, Pube of the knvisible,
Sight from Beyond, Spirit Paths (4) Diplomatic Immunity,
‘Gna, Grasp the Beyond, Spicit Drain; (5) Elemental Gift,
Exential Transformation, The Malleable Spirit, Moondteam,
Wissloen af the Seer
Ruige 6, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8
Ranks 5
Rites: Any appropriate
Fetishest Zatok's Spirit Crown

Tages Sirius Looks as though he is easily sys in ft,
he's clewer to eighty. In Homid form, he looks like an old
Native American with long, graying black hair,» prominent
‘nose ith cheekbones and black eyes under gray brows. in
Crinos he is somewhat small and wiry, with dak fur tinged
withred. Heisbeginningea gray in thisform too, AsaLupus,

|; forimidanéh 3,
Linge 4, Subterfuge 2 y

Appendix: Those Who Walk Among the Stars

a

\nimal Ken 4, Exiquetie (Umbral) 4, Stealth 4 Ai and pelts che Umbra wher
"Ope realm to ano

the illers Bick thet land office, he maimed crn form
Sand avenged hbfamili He let his sept knw he ws eaving
re he spent years moving from
trying to find surcease. Finally, he
Simbled upon the Sept ofthe Sars, who adoped hts He
‘has found a purpose with the Stargazers, becoming stronger
"even as he ages and awaiting the coming of foretold events
30 has seen in his dreams.

Other Important Figures

‘These are the personalities appearing in. Anthelios
Raging and a brief entry for Star-spirits,

Vasile Calon-of- Judgment,

Protector of Gaia

Breed: Homid

‘Auspices Philodox

‘Tribe: Shadow Lord

Nature: Dicsctor

Demeanior: Judie

Physicals Strength 4 (6/S(7/5), Deaterity 4 (4/516/6).
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

‘Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Appear:
ance 3 (2/0)3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

139


|

ne AA

Talents: Alertness4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
sion 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 3,

fage 5
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2; Leadership 4,
Melee 3, Scealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Eni
Litany) 4, Medicine
Buackgronndst Contcts 3, Resources 4

Gites: (1) Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw, Perstanion
Resta Form, Scent of the True Form, Smell of Man, Truth
‘of Gain; (2) Call to Dnaty, Clap of Thunder, Luna's Amor,
Sense of Purpose, Staredowns (3) Disquiet, fey Chill of
Despair, Paralyring Stare, Weak Arm, Wisdown of the Ane
cient Ways (4) Roll Over, Spirit Ward, Strength of the
Dominator; (5) Assitnitation, Geas, Obedience

Rage 6, Goals 9, Willpower 8

» 3. Investigation 4, Law (the
Occult 5, Polities 4 Ri

(Accord) Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition;
(Coem) Rite of the Opened Bridge: (Death) Rite af the
Winter Wolf (Mystic) Rite of Binding, Riteof the Questing
Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Surnmoning,
(Punuhment) Rite of Ostracism; Stone of Seam; Voice of
the Jackal: The Hunts ocker: rites necitney
Fetishes: Cloak of Darkness

Image: In Homa fortn, Vasile appears asa stern man in
his early 40s, with dark brown hair turning to silver at the

1 receding baile, His deep blue eyes hold

tice of pity, but regard others with an implacable and
relentlesly caleulain He dresses in tailored suits
when condcting afiairsin urban ancas. In the wiklemess he
wears atuedy year and oxcimionally deus combat fatigues or
dresses in black stealth gear, His Crinos forms that of adark
brown, muscular ereature with only the faintest touch af
gray. Avia wolf, Vasile i compact ane muscular with dark
bron far shang pay at the tpn

Roleplaying Notes: Youserve the Litany, even before
you serve Gain, You believe that the Garou thermselves are
tablame forthe temible state ofthe world because they have
fallen away from the preceptsof thelr own laws. Yourunder
take any action, however heinous it might seem to others,
that supports the traditions of the Garou. You and your
sroup verve as the watchdogs of tradition and Garou law.

History: Lveraince his First Change, Vasile has served!
avastaunch proponent of lw and order. His initiation into
the Judges of Ckxom ed ve quick rise through the tanks of
the Shadow Lords. Since then, he has developed reputa
tion as formidable prosecutor of those who tramsgress the
Litany. a with the Protectorsof Gaia has given
firm anger bese of support with which he ean conduct his
hune for all those who dare to defy the laws of the Gntou

140

Rage Across the Heavens

—————— a  / ,

Leandra Silken Smiler,
Harbinger of the Sun's Death

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabosh

‘Tribes Shalow Lond

‘Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Gallant

Physicals Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexteriey 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/87)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulaeion 5 (4/2)
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

pathy 3, Expres

rwetwise 4, Subree

2), Appear

sion 2, Intimidation 1,
fige 4

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 3,
Melee 2, Performance 2, Seshiction 4, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2,
Occult 3, Rituals 4

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Giftss (1) Blur of the Milky Bye, Fatal Fliw, Open Se
Peraaasion, Smell of Man; (2) Blissful Ignorance, Jam Tech
nology, Luna's Armor, Sense ofthe Prey, Taking the Fargo-
ten (3) Digquiet, Open Moon Bridge, Paralyzing Stare,
Reshape Object; (4) Cocoon, Luna's Blessing, Open Wounels,
Whelp Body

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Rank: 4

Rites (Mystic) Rite af Binding, Rite ofthe Questing Stone,
Rite of Talisman Dedication; others as needed

Fetishes: none

Image: Leandra's Homid form is a willowy, fetching
seonnan tn het late 20>, Het lotig bhack baie falls x waves
down ber buck. Though not astonishingly beautiful, she
enhances her appesmnee to make herself os attractive ax
possible, She dresses in dirk clothing, suitable for the
company she keeps. Jn Crinos form, Leandra seductive
‘nature disappears and she gains a lithe ferocity. Her Lupus
form is that of a small, seek, black wolf,

Roleplaying Notess You find ir immensely amusing
ithaca Ragatiash hike yourself has risen to auch a position ot
Power within an organization that includes cadavers and
‘demented fac, You know that your talents in seduction and
Persuasion are responsible for your current role as chict
negotiator and "front-person" for the Harbingers. You take
Pride in your ability o convince the other members of your
group that you are seriousabout all this silliness. The idea of
plunging the world into darkness intrigues you, though, 50
‘you will probably stick with the Harbingers until something

Lingusstics 1


etter comes along. Af
(particularly within your tr
the remsof conrrol? You knaw a

) would allow you to assu

History: Leandra has literally cla
powition of respece within a tribe that
those of her auspice, Her association with the Fl

isgiven her the perfect opportunity to exercise her natural

pifts of persuasiveness and caje

this group as a stepping scone to bigger an
however, and wil sell them out in a heartbeat ish
ie can iklvance herself further with

Guliera Moonsister,
Sept of the Prophecy
Brood Homi

2: Galllant

Tribe: Black Fury

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanort Confidant

Physical: Strength
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Socials Chari

Vi Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

ull, how many other groups

od her way 10
little respect for
Singers

zy to their fullest: She sees

better hats,
thinks

4/615(3), Dextericy 4 (4/5/6(6),

4 4, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl (Jiv-jits
pathy 4, Expression 5, Primal-Unge 3
Drive 2, Er
Performance 5, Rep
Knowledges: Enismas 4, Investigation 3, Lingui
Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 1, Rituals 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resoute
(1) Call ofthe Wiki, Heightened Senses, Mindspeak,
‘Aeolus, Hidder

3, Firearms 3, Leader

+ 2, Rites 3

Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, (2) Curse «
Depths, Jam Technolexy, Mantle

tion of Action; (3) Coup De Grace, Reshape Object, Son
of Rage, Veil of the Mother, Wyld Spirits; (4) Bridge
Walker, Motherly

Rigs 6, Crease 7; Willpower 8
Rank: 4

Rites: Any appropriare
Fetishes: Maidenstone

Image: At almost age fifty, in Homia farm Gulier i

worm of averige height. Though she once had greater
muscle mass, that ¢ beginning to soften. Her light brown
hair is cut short and her blue-gray eyes are wreathed wit

tiny lines, In Crinus form, she has black fur just beginning
togray. Ln Lupus form,
than in her Hoid form,

furisblack and her eyes more gray

Appendix: Those Who Walk Among the Stars 141

LALA NTE ST NT


Notes: Youhave spent
the events that now transpire. During that Demeanor: Caregiver
warself for what willcome — Physical: Serength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6).
and toserve yoursept.Now that you'veactually experienced — Stamina 3 (5/6)
the beth pangs ofthe foretold cub, you aren' sure anymore

The prophecies speak of dooms, but you wonder if it would
notbebetterto take the child and ras

Rolepl
life waiting

most of your adult Natures Visionary

time, you have tried to prepsare

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulatic
ance 4 (3/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intell
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge
thy 4, Expression 4, Primal-Urge 3, Subte
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Leadership 4

5 (422), Appear

a. You

tothe ay hile in any case —not

unless the portents werea hello alot eleares thar they are!
has lived a ful life. From a pampered
fer of a respected jase musician she
inion w a sept of Bhick Furies con ter

Despite winning Renown for her clever

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Invest

indafterthehirth
porters

tomanyaKinfolkmusicianandhavechild
vd lak began luv Procector, Cull of the Wyk, Mindspeak
dreams Assoon as her chiklren were old encuh asion, Sense Wyrm, Stroud; (2) Call of the Wyrm,
thee Fit change (none did), she went in search of answers, Distractions, Drearmspeak, Howl of the Banshee; (3) Allies
Feaviey them with their father, Whar she found wasthe Sepecf Below, Pitngin, Song of Rage; (4) Doppleganger, Shadows

but the by the Fite Light; (5) Assimilation, Balefire, Head Games

sphecy, She atll sees her family occ
tance of her septs actions claims most

tention. Raye 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Eeyarlagh Twice-Born, mee
Hive of the Wyrm's Eye Shey Ataceeiree

Breed: Homid Derangement: Delus
Image: Beyarl

Fetishes: none

Auspice: Gallian nous und seni

Tribes Blac


oe 2

‘hair worn to hershoulders, tawny skin and amber eyes all of
which lend her an exotic beauty. She dresses in soft, loose
clothing that emphasizes her femininity, although there fs
hint of danger about ber, fn Crinos form, her oily black fur
huts ted highlights, like bloody gashes, Asa wolf, she is back
with reddish brown halr around her mouth andl eyes,

Roleplaying Notes: Your roe sta find the chikl whose
sonminy heralds te criuaph of dae Greac Wyre You ate
destined to nurture this childand make certain thatitknows
the great destiny that awaitsit. Whatever you have to dato
make this happen, you will undertake with the asurance
ida ube force ofiteviabilty i on your side. You hkl dhe
vision of the furure in your mind at all times. Ir makes the
hard choices 10 much easier.

History: The Black Spirals who captured Keyarlagh's
Silver Fang mother ripped her unborn chill from her sem
before they socrficed their prisoner to the Wyrm. Barn
prematurely, Beyutlagh was placed in a homemade incuba
{or wichin the Five's Picunal she wasokl enough to survive
fon her own. Thuis, she took the name "Twice Bor" to
symbolize her natural and arificial births. Beyarlagh'smad-
nessnot only gives her visionsbutinduceshertobelieve that
she is the destined nurturer of the metis-born cub,

S'rhaagh Jron Voice,
Hive of the Broken Star

Breeds Metis
Auspices Theunye

‘Tribes Blick Spiral Dancer

‘Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Ditector

Physicale Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (495/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ange 2 (1/0)2/2)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Aleriness4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empa-
thy 1. Intimidation 4, Primal-Unge 4

Skills: Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Sur-
vival 4

Knowledges Enigmas 5, Linguistics 2, Occult 5, Rituals 5
Dachyrvunnls: Reounces 2

(1) Bane Protector, Sense Wyrm, Shrou, Spirit
Speech; (2) Blood Omen, Burrow, Command Spirit, Curse
cof Hatred, Earvof the Bat, Sight From Beyond, Wyrm Hide
(3) Foaming Fury, Merial Speech, Pulse of the Invisible,
Unseelie Faerie Kin (4) Crawling Poon, Geasp the Be
yond, Spirit Drain, Wither Limb; (5) Feral Lobotomy,
Maxlness, The Mallesble Spirit, Totern-form,

Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 4

Rank: 5

Rites: any that seem appropriate

Fetishes: any that scem appropriate

Appendix: Those Who Walk Among the Stars

——— a 6/4

S'raagh's vocal cords are sodeforned hat
his voice sounds like an iron file rasping across» motal grate.
Derangement: Inner Voices

Image: S'thaagh appears to be a young man in his mil
20s, with stringy, white blond hair and pale green eyes. He
might be atractive fhe pail more attention to hisusually
slovenly appearance. His Crines form rewembler a pale
bycna-thing with mangy patches. in Lupus form, S'thangh
looks like asickly-gray wolf with tangled fur

Roleplaying Notes: The black hole speaks to you in
your dreams and sometimes during your waking hours.
The Fallen Singer announces the coming of the child
whose sacrifice will trigger the end the world. You have
been chosen to take the child to the place of sacrifice at
the edge of the universe. Those who stand against you
must be mud to see the truth, They, too, need to hear
the Jong of the Singer.

‘History: Raised within the confines of a Black Spiral,
Pit, S'haagh has never known anything resembling 2 not
mal life. His early exposure to the vileness at the core of h
‘home Pit has put him in touch with the voice that he clain
‘comes from Yakeven, the Fallen Singer. S'shaagh's grasp of
the principles of magic and the supernatural have gained
him much respect among his packmates. He has traveled
extensively in the Umbra, visiting many of the Wyrm'sdark
phices and gaining insights about the natute af the voice
that speaks in his mind

Reginald Vaughn, Pentex Section 12

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Confidant
Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mentals Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
‘Talents: Alertness 3, Brave 3, Dodge 2, Emypithy 2, lntimt
dation 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadeeship 3,
Repair 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 3, fnvestigation 2, Mes
Gecult f, Politics 2, Science (Cloning) 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4
Paweess Immunity tthe Deli
Willpower 9
Image: Despitchismuscularphysique, Reginald Vaughn
very much the archetypal scientist, He dresses in
conservative clothes and favors lab coats whenever
hhecan getaway with wearing thera His inoffensive marti
and (unremarkable fearutes lead others 1 underestirvate
him, He speaks softly and peransively
Roleplaying Notes: You have « fei
‘ogy nnd the human bexly — including al ts variant forms
‘You know something of shapeshifters and want tw know
more about thelr breeding and growth patterns. The

3

ol

biol

13


ence of this metis-b
a 1

soar youn uniqueopporuniry — Star-spirits

Mose of the Inca:
Eshtarm's pack or Neti

1 guuantiane (auch

natal ats a vubject for your elo

pons) are Star-spirits who

Storytellers feel th
free to make theen (
ehronicle

History: Ever since he joined Pentex after the

tion thar his Silver Fang blood would never resu

Vaughn has tried to find
ot." His

re and manipulate the "werew

ted in some interesting (though
and Pentex considers hima

of powerful energy ut an opponent, doin

tamsutusimonghepeerandhehas aggravated damage. The Star-spirit may d
str dice)

He the cost fe

uble acquiring funds and resourees for his projects,

144 Rage Across the Heavens

LAA SST STS SS CY


The Prophecy Fulfilled

The orb of the Wyrm opens in the heavens, and madness shall rule the skies. So read
the prophecies — and they are trué. The Red Star has become visible
blasphemous consummation has come The stars t ke

The Eye of the Wyrm Opens

To the Garou, the Year of the Reckoning is a time of dire omens coming true
cross the Heavens is the sourcebook about these prophecies and the celestial

influences that govern them. It details the greater forcesiat work in the Umbral skies,
and provide upse-of the actual form the'A pocalypse will take. What's more, it
provides a complete story embroiling the players directly in the events of the Year of
Reckoning. Jt all begins here:

ze Across the Heavens includes

* More details on Garou cosmology, from, the night skies to the
Aetherial Realm

be the same.

* A complete story, Anthelios Rising, that puts you in
the heart of events that shake Garou society forever

* Prophecies, Gifts, astrological Merits & Flaws,
fetishes from the Aetherial Realm and more
