# File: Rage Across Egypt.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

The Egypt Skaitebaok for Werewolf: The Apocalypse"

A ie?

BY CHRISTOPHER HOWARD AND MATT MCFARLAND
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN © HAGEN



How Nephthys Lost Her Sou!

"T've heard that one."

If | hear the kid say that one more time, | think I will
kill him.

"So, Damien, what kind of story do you want to hear?"
Lask with all the patience I can muster. That's not a hell of
a lot of patience. We've been at this for hours.

We're called "Striders," but sometimes, it's easier to drive.
Just at the moment, we're hunched in the back of a decrepit
truck tearing through the scenic Western desert. It's hot as
boiled piss, the driver doesn't speak any English, and all I've
got for company is this cliath Theurge who seems hell-bent on
making me jump out and start running for Cairo.

He's sitting there with his lips pursed, considering my
question. I'm hoping he'll keep himself quiet for a while. I've
really run through most of my repertoire, and I'dstarted telling
stories of the First Times. He really seemed to get off on the
more modern stuff, but apparently whoever uncled him told
hima lotof the oldertales, Which is good, I suppose, but it does
leave me ina bind. I could shut up fora while, but if know this
kid, he'd just love to be able to brag that he exhausted Samir
the Jackal, the Galliard Who Speaks 'Til Sunrise.

And I just can't have that.

Iresist the temptation to reach for my canteen. I haven't
a clue how long it'll take to reach Cairo, and if this guy's
vehicle dies (and from sounds it's making, the poor thing is
begging for release) we're hoofing it. Ifthathappens, Illneed
the water. My young compatriot, however, hasn't learned to
think that far ahead and takes swig from his. I smile, knowing

he'll be asking me for water later. Can't laugh too much, I did
the same when I was a kid.
He frowns at the taste of the water and looks at me
ly. He takes another sip and grunts as though what
isn't what he's drinking.

quizzic
he ta

"What's the matter?" [ ask him.

"Water doesn't feel right," he answered, smacking his lips.

"Doesn't ‘feel' right how?"

"Oh, I don't know, It's spirit brew. Normally it has a
more... full taste, I guess.

Oh, hell.

"You brought spirit brew into Egypt?" | sniff the air,
searching for Wyrm spawn. Nothing, at least that I can
sense. I really wish | could change down to wolf form, but
that might upset our driver just a tad.

"What's wrong?" he asks. He can see I'm getting nervous,
and that (understandably) makes him a little jumpy, too.

"Thought you said you knew the history, kid. The curse
on the Striders? Never rest in the land of Khem? Spirits
fading from hunger, and all that?"

"Well, yeah, but I didn't think...."

"Obviously." I peer out into the sand. I can't see
anything but white heat. I can't step sideways without losing
my ride (I seriously doubt that this jalopy exists in the
Umbra) and I'm sure that something knows we're here.
"Look, it isn't like we're safe during the day or anything."

"But if the curse was placed by a vampire..." He trails
off as he sees me shaking my head.

Legends of the Garou: How Nephthys Lost Her Sow! 3


"Don't think of it that way. Quit using logic. The curse
is more serious than that. The vampires are the least of our
problems here." That's an exaggeration, but he's sure paying
attention now.

I continue. "Guess you never heard the story of
Nephthys' soul, huh? About how Khepri Leaps-the-Dunes
learned the worst of all punishment rites?"

He shakes his head. "Gaia's Vengeful Teeth?"

I've got to hand it to him; he's done his homework. Not
a lot of cliaths know that much about rituals, but between
the spirit brew and the Teeth, he impresses me. Not that I
let it show, of course. "Nope. There's a much worse punish-
ment, Damien. The Shattered Soul." He looks at me with a
rather hungry attention. "Oh, did I find something you
haven't heard?" He nods, and moves closer to hear me. "OK,
then. But listen —if we're lucky, the fact that you effectively
coated us in honey and then kicked a beehive will go
unnoticed. If not... we may have to fight, fuck, or hit the
fence. So keep your eyes open, yeah?" He nods again. To his
credit, he shifts his weight and stretches his arms. Trying to
stay limber, not cramp up from being in the car too long.
Good plan, kid.

Irun through the story in my head. It's been a few years
since I've told it, afterall. Once I've got the cast of characters
and the punch line (such as it is) down, I give him the
opening I always use:

"Let me tell you a story."

eee

The sun rose over the Nile, the light illuminating the
bloodstains on the bank. A great evil had died there over the
night, and nothing z not the crocodile that swam blithely
by, not the birds overhead, not the reeds on the banks 2
mourned its passing.

At one time, it had enjoyed the favor of all life. It was a
priestess of Isis herself, and no living creature would harm it.

Indeed, while it lived, no living creature had.

When this evil hadaname, it was Nephthys. Asa living
woman, she had sided with Shu-Horus when he advised
against meeting with Sutekh. She had guided him toward
meeting with her mistress, Isis. But every good gesture in her
life she made was reduced to less than nothing when she
accepted Sutekh's Embrace.

She stalked and battled Shu-Horus. The mighty Garou
warrior, refusing her offer of immortality, tore her to pieces.
Her dying words, however, were not acceptance of her fate
or even an apology for her betrayal. No, in last moments
before her dismembered body turned to sand and worms, she
cursed Shu-Horus, refusing to die, as she saw it, in his debt.

Shu-Horus left the banks of the Nile, never to return to
Egypt in his lifetime. Nephthys' soul, however, drifted down
to Amenti. There, itsatin trial before the scales of Ma'atand
the Devourer of Souls. The Judge of the Dead reached for her
heart to weigh it against a feather, and found it... gone.

For you see, Sutekh removed the hearts of his children
and kept them stored safely, so that he could continue to
command them in the next world. And so Nephthys, instead
of being judged and devoured or found innocent and allowed
to move on, was trapped, a servant of the snake-god, forever.

Orso it seemed.

eee

From the portrait of night-blood and sun-scarred ashes,
we turn to a much-different figure. A young Garou, born
under the new moon, running across the dunes. The elders
shake their heads, knowing the pup will soon be begging for
water, that he will come trotting up, tongue hanging out,
asking for a drink. And they know they will oblige him,
because there is nothing for thirst but water, just as there is
nothing for youth but time.

The young Ragabash's name is Khepri, sometimes called
Leaps-the-Dunes, for his capering, hoppingrun. Even among
the desert Garou, renowned for their speed, he is quick. In
time, legends will say that he could jump from one dune to
the next, even if they were miles apart, and that the sands
never burned under his feet. Now, however, or in the "now"
that is our story, he simply runs, lungs full of summer's heat,
mind full of spring's promise.

Khepri runs without a pack, fresh from his Rite of
Passage. His daily wanderings take him further into the
desert, though the elders warn him against it. The deserts
have grown strange since the curse, they say. Most of the
tribe has begun to wander away from the black land, away
from the great deserts, and out into the world. It is Khepri's
opinion on the matter that gave him his name.

Khepri is named for the scarab-god. The scarab, born of
dung and decay, means rebirth and renewal to the Egyptian
people. Khepri, born of a Kinfolk woman anda normal man,
hears the horrible stories (still too fresh in the tribe's mind
to be called "legends") and asks why not deny it? Deny the
curse, deny Sutekh's power over the noble Garou. March
straight into the old, Umbral places and find a way to undo
it, even if that means behaving like the scarab, finding
answers and perfection in the most unclean of places.

The elders are not enthused by the pup's proposition.
They cannot be blamed for their fear. They have lost much.

And so that is what is in the mind of the young no-
moon, running and leaping across the dunes: warnings of the
deserts and grandiose ideas about the curse. He finds a place
where the dunes rise close, creating shade, and he stops and
assumes human form.

Khepri is handsome. Like most Garou, he is hale and
strong. Like most of his tribe, his build is a runner's lean. He
has dark, muddy-Nile skin, and the fierce eyes of a wolf. He
dresses simply, covered from the sun. He sprawls in the shade,
the sand here cool and smooth beneath him. He stares off,
into the desert, and wonders if Sutekh is there, now, waiting
and growing fat off the blood of the Strider's lost Kin. He lies
there, wondering, tired from his run, and he sleeps.

Rage Across Egypt


When he wakes, the shade's cool has turned to night's
chill. He stands, and stretches, and is about to take on the
wolf-form and run back to his sept, when he feels eyes upon
his back. He turns, looking across the dunes, slightly afraid
now, for who could hide in plain sight? "Show yourself,
serpent!" he commands, sure that his observer isa spy for the
snake-god.

"No serpent, I," says a smooth, honeyed voice. And from
shadows and sand appears a lithe young man with skin so dark
Khepri can barely see it against the night-covered dunes.

The man's eyes are an odd gold color, and they
glimmer and shine in the dark. He is handsome, like
Khepri, but unlike the Garou, his hands are clean and he
wears jewelry. The newcomer sits on the dune and watches,
almost playfully, as Khepri sizes him up. This, Khepri
realizes, is not an ordinary man, as no human would
venture so far into the desert at night. "Then what creature
are you, traveler?" Khepri asks.

"Traveler?" it responds. "No traveler, I. You are the
traveler, wolf-skin. You and your people are traveling quite
a lot of late. | see them every day, running from Khem. Is it
true, then, that your kind have been cursed and that the
spirits of the dead rebuke you?"

The question stings Khepri's heart, and he answers, "I
have no answers for you until | know your name, and from
whose walls you come."

The man nods, and answers, "I am called Khons, and |
come from Bubastis. Now do you know me?"

Khepri shakes his head. "No, I know only what you tell

Khons grins. "Yes, wolf-skin. You know only that, and
that is all you need know."

Khepri shakes his head, trying to clear it. He struggles
to remember what manner of spirit or being would speak so
arrogantly, so elliptically, to someone he knows to be Garou.
But all he can remember is playing at riddles with the
Ahroun Amadi Nile's Roar, and the full-moon saying that
Khepri had the tongue and mind of a... cat.

Khepri smiles now, because he knows the first of the
man's secrets, The man is a shadoweat, and speaks in riddles
when he says he comes from Bubastis. "Very well, then,
Khons. You are correct — you have told me all I need know.
And expect the same from me." Khepri sits down facing the
cat-skin, and readies his mind for riddles. "I don't know what
rebuke you speak of. The Nile still grants life and the sun still
burns the sands. Nothing seems changed to me."

"The spirits of the land sing different songs to my
people, wolf-skin," replies Khons. "They sing songs of be-
trayal, of one called Nephthys."

Despite himself, Khepri snarls. He has heard only that
Nephthys disappeared during one of the last battles with
Sutekh's priests, and is now thought dead. "Nephthys," he
says "led our people to wisdom and life, that we could turn
away venom and death."

Khons shifts on the sand, as if uncomfortable. "Hrm,"
he mutters, "Is that all you know of her?"

"What else is there to know?" A growl creeps into the
Garou's voice.

"Idon'tthink I should be the one to tell you, wolf-skin,"
answers the werecat. "I think you might call me a liar, and
then we'd fight, and I'd lose. I have no plans to see Amenti
tonight."

"1 will not call you a liar," says Khepri. "But if you
know something about Nephthys or what Sutekh has done
to her, you must tell me so that my people can bring her
home safely."

"Far too late for that," says the cat quietly.

"We'll bring her rest, then. Avenge her death, and let
her soul be at peace in the Duat."

Khons stands and stretches. "One of your great warriors
slew her, for she betrayed your kind and accepted Sutekh's
immortal kiss. If you walk north and then east, you will find
asmall stream that leads to the Nile's banks. There you will
find a red blot upon the sand, and that is all that remains of
Nephthys in this world."

"And whatof the next world, Khons? How does her soul
fare in Amenti?"

"I know nothing of Amenti, wolf-skin. But perhaps you
would find me and tell me, when you discover her fate?" And
with that, Khons changes and ripples, and a sleek, black cat
pads silently into the cool desert night.

Khepri turns and runs northward, changing to his wolf-
legs as he does so. He finds the Nile bank, and sniffs at the
ground. Indeed, a red blot lies there, perhaps two days old.
Not far away is a robe, and the scent that lingers on it is
death, blood... and Kin. Khepri realizes that the cat did not
lie, and standing on a dune, facing the rising sun, he howls
his sorrow to whoever might listen.

eee

We must leave Khepri howling on the bank for a
moment, and return to Amenti. In the realm of the dead,
Nephthys stands, heartless and cold, before the scales.
Beneath them sits Ammit the Devourer, the great goddess
who consumes the hearts of the unworthy. She licks her
chops and greedily awaits the judgment — she cannot eat
Nephthys' heart, there being none to eat, but perhaps she
can devour the woman's soul instead.

Who can know Nephthys' mind now? Does she feel
remorse for her betrayal, or fear of her fate? More likely she
feels nothing, because her heart is gone, far away in the
living lands, sealed in a canopic jar, or caressed by her new
fatherand lord, Sutekh. In the cold pit of hersoul, she knows
only that her life, now twice ended, grows steadily worse.
And perhaps she spares a thought to her spiritual mother
and patron, Isis. How ashamed the great goddess of life must
be of her chosen now!

Nephthys waits, and the great judges confer. And
finally, they turn, and deliver their decree:

Legends of the Garou: How Nephthys Lost Her Sou!


"You, Nephthys, once-beautiful Kin to the Silent Strid-
ers and lover of Shu-Horus the warrior, you come to Amenti
with no heart for judgment. You are therefore unfit to see
either your eternal reward or the gullet of Ammit the
Devourer, and must return to your master, Sutekh."

Nephthys turns to go, and the booming voice of the
judge stops her. "Stop! That is not the whole of our verdict.
You, who cursed your former kin shall evermore be cursed.
While the spirits of the Striders starve, so shall you. Youshall
forever wander the Duat, hearing only the voice of your
master, but unable to do his bidding. As your betrayal has
helped to rob the noble Garou of their home, so shall you
remain a breath and a whisper away from your home, never
able to touch or feel it."

Again, Nephthys turns, and this time leaves the cham-
ber of judgment unheeded. She wanders back the way she
came, but finds the path impassable from this side. The path
to judgment is tread but once, and she has heard the verdict
on her soul.

She wanders through the dark lands of the Duat,
listening for a voice, a sound, a summons, and finally one
comes. Her master, Sutekh, calls to her across the shroud of
death, and, listening to his voice, she finds him.

Sutekh carries her heart, and she knows that beyond
any doubt, she belongs to him. He sees her — somehow,
through death, he sees her, and reaches forth to her. The
shroud between the Duat and the living worlds, yet thin,
parts forhim. Nephthys stands silently as he caresses her. His
hands cannot reach her body, his scaled lips and forked,
flickering tongue cannot find her mouth, and yet she feels
his stain growing upon her all the same. She does not care.
She has no heart and no life; she has nothing left to lose.

Sutekh whispers to her, and instructs her. She nods,
and like a vulture's shadow over sand she is back to the place
where she died, where Shu-Horus tore her asunder. The
Duat changes such vistas, however, and the Nile, to her,
looks swollen and filled with bile. She does not see Khepri
howling on the riverbank, but she hears his cry floating over
the sounds of the river. Such a howl should fill even a dead
soul with dread and loss, especially since it is for her that
Khepri howls. She feels nothing. She does not care.

She sits on the bank and waits, as instructed.

eee

His grief spent, Khepri lies on the bank. He is confused
and sad, but little Rage stirs the no-moon's heart. He stares
into the waters of the Nile, wishing for guidance. A pair of
yellow eyes stares back.

He jumps back, growling, preparing to run. He has no
wish to battle a crocodile. The crocodile, however, slides
from the water... and speaks.

"Sun sees you, wolf-skin," says the crocodile, and Khepri
knows by its greeting that it is one of the Dragon-folk, the
Mokolé. While the Garou and Dragon-folk see each other

only rarely, they are respectful when their paths do cross.
This will change in time, but for now, Khepri and the
crocodile sit on the banks together.

The crocodile's tail recedes, its limbs lengthen, and its
toothy maw vanishes into the face of a handsome woman,
several years older than Khepri. She is darker skinned than
Khepri, but not so dark as the shadowcat that Khepri spoke
toearlier. Ashe changes to human form, Kheprireflects that
tonight must hold some dire fortune, given the company
that blesses him.

The woman stirs him from these thoughts. That her
voice so recently emanated from a crocodile's mouth is
unsettling. "Why do you roam so close to Nile at night, wolf-
skin? One of my cousins might have snapped you up."

Khepri nods to the bloodstain near the bank. "That is
why," he says, and proceeds to tell the story as he knows it.
The wolf and the crocodile do not play at riddles the way
that the cat did; that is not their way. When he has finished,
the woman— who simply calls herself Sabah, for her true
name matters only to her folk — nods in sympathy. "So,"
Khepri continues, "I wish to find Nephthys' soul, and bring
her peace, but I have no idea where to begin."

Sabah stares at the waters and her eyes take her back
into time. When she returns, she turns to Khepri and takes
his face in her hands as she would a child's. "Your heart is
pure and true to ma'at, Khepri, Leaper of Dunes," she tells
him. "You could bring her peace, should you make the right
choices, and I will tell you the road to walk." Khepri nods,
eagerly, and they both stand.

"Twill carry you across the Nile, and you must continue
traveling east. When sunrise comes, you must —must — be
far enough away from the Nile that you hear no human
sounds. No speech, no children crying, no men working —
no human noise must disrupt the song of the desert. At the
moment that the sun rises, you must howl, with all of the
grief that you did here. And at that moment you will see a
door. What happens beyond that door is beyond my knowl-
edge and the Memory, for it has always existed, and not even
the Mokolé can remember a time before.

"Death," finishes Khepri. And Sabah only nods. "Very
well, then. Let us go." Sabah kisses him on the cheek, as a
mother might a child, and wades into the Nile. She sinks,
slowly, and Khepri watches her body disappear into the
black waters, finally only her hair remaining, and that too
vanishes after swirling about on the water's surface. Then
the water roils, and a creature with the head of a crocodile
but a long, slender neck surfaces. It lowers its head, and
Khepri carefully grips its neck, and slides down to its im-
mense back. Khepri cannot see the creature's tail or legs, and
can only guess at its true size as it carries him across the Nile.

On the other side, he leaps to land, and turns to thank
the creature, butsees onlyacrocodile's tail disappearing into
the water. "Sun sees you, Sabah," he whispers, then runs on
wolf legs into the desert.

Rage Across Egypt


In the Duat, Nephthys sees none of this. She only
knows what she is told, and her master tells her to walk.

She stands, and walks across the Nile. The viscous
waters feel solid under her feet, but she does not marvel. Her
feet touch the sands again on the other side, and the shroud
of death parts, slightly. She sees a man she knows to be a
Silent Strider, simply by the colors that surround him when
he grieves. When he changes and runs, her feelings are only
confirmed.

Her master commands her to follow, and she follows.
Again like wind over the dunes, she is with him, a fading
shadow of what she was, yet still, inexplicably tied to the
tribe. No matter how fast the wolf runs, she is there,
flittering just behind him.

And perhaps he can sense it, and that is why he runs
with such fervor?

eee

Khepri runs as he has never run. No race between pups,
no matter how fierce the competition, has ever meant so
much to him. He calls upon the Gifts of the swift-running
desert hare, and races across the bone-cold sands, trying to
outdistance the human sounds that he knows will rise with
the sun.

He feels nothing except the pounding of his own heart
and the sand flying beneath his paws. The dunes rise and fall
before him and he runs for hours on end, until finally, the
sun creeps over the next dune and washes the sand with reds
and shining whites.

And Khepri stops, listens, and hears nothing but the
tush of blood through his exhausted frame.

And he howls.

Khepri is not a Galliard, destined to sing glorious songs
or sorrowful dirges. His howl is unaided by any Gift. His
howl is simply what he feels: exhausted, confused, and sad.
And that howl rings through to the Duat.

The light changes, and he realizes that although the sun
should be in front of him, his shadow falls long and lean
before him, as though the day were ending. He turns, and
there, behind him, is the setting sun. Confused, he faces east
again, and from his long shadow, something beckons. The
door opens, he walks towards it, leaving the valley behind
him with night close at hand. Ever after, the Garou know
that place as the Valley of the Day-Long Howl.

The doorway feels like a naked bath in the cold Nile. It
leaves him afraid and shivering, and on human's legs he
walks down a gray, rocky path. Footsteps echo behind his,
but he dares not turn around. He knows he walks the paths
of the Duat, and even if he should escape, he will never lose
what he acquires here.

eee

Nephthys follows the Garou across the sands. He finally
stops in a valley, just as a strange, blue-gray light that
Nephthys only barely recognizes as daylight oozes over the
sand. He stops, and then howls.


The how! surrounds Nephthys like a sandstorm. The
howl is the dry Nile. The howl is mother's pain. The howl
is blood, leaving the body, the body growing cold as it dies.
The howl could make a statue weep, could make a rich man
release his slaves and end his life. Had Nephthys the power,
she would reach out to him, weeping, and hold him close,
trying to comfort the man who could make such a sound.

Nephthys has no such power. The howl covers her and
washes over her as the wind over a stone. She has no heart,
and cannot hear the howl for what it is — her own dirge.

The how! lasts a full day, and at the end, when the odd
light has traveled all the way around them and slinks
towards its own home, beaten down by the Garou's awful
cry, a doorway opens. The Garou walks though, and now she
can see him clearly. He walks down a path between two
dunes, and she follows, as ordered.

The path becomes a tunnel, almost suddenly, as is
common in the Duat. The sand becomes stone, and the soft
padding sounds of his feet become harsh slaps. He pauses,
about to turn around, and then continues on. Nephthys
thinks this is just as well, for the Garou probably could not see
her anyway, thanks to the magic Set has taught her. She does
not care, however, if she is seen. She is commanded only to
follow, and so she does, deeper and deeper into the Duat.

On and on Khepri walks, at each step wishing he had
the courage to turn and see what manner of creature follows
him, matching his pace exactly. He resists this temptation,
and, trying to ignore the sound, wonders what he is to do
here that might give rest to Nephthys.

His foot touches something. Bending down, he finds a
game piece from a senet board. He tucks it into a fold in his
robe, and continues walking.

He finds more pieces, strewn about the corridor, and
each one he keeps, tucked into his robe. He does not know
why, except perhaps that they might serve as proof of this
journey when he returns to his sept. Having found all but
‘one piece, he watches the ground, and is in the room before
he notices.

The room is small, and resemblesa servant's chamber in
arich man's tomb. Itcontains only small table, upon which
sits a senet board and the remaining piece. Seated at the
table is...

Khepri is not sure. The being resembles a man, but a
hood obscures its head. Paintings and drawings of Nehebkau,
the cobra-headed god who guards the spirits of the pharaohs
in the Duat, adom the walls. The man shifts, and Khepri sees
his eyes — slitted, green-yellow, and placed in such a way
that the Garou knows this being is no man. But when it
speaks, its voice is deep and rich, and fills the small room
with comfort.

"Have you brought the pieces, Khepri?"

"L have," answers the Garou, too frightened to move.

"Very well. Then shall we play at senet?"

Khepri only nods, dumbly, and sits across from his
opponent. He knows better than to ask for a name, because
he is afraid of the answer. He sets up the board, and tries not
to peer beneath the man's hood. All the while, his mind
aches with a horrible question: who is the man? Nehebkau
isa benevolent, if frightening spirit of the Duat, and bearsno
grudge against the Garou that Khepri knows of. However,
there is one other being who might have eyes like a cobra....

He throws the sticks first. He reads their result, and
moves the first of his pieces. His opponent throws the sticks,
moves, and the game continues, both players silent.

The first game ends, and the man has won, but just
barely. Khepri sits uncomfortably before him, and the man's
voice comes forth from beneath the hood. "Another game?"

Khepri shakes his head. He can barely sit still, let alone
play another game.

"Then why are you here, Khepri?"

"To give rest to..." he begins.

"I know," says the man. "You wish to have the power to
lay a spirit to rest. That is a great power for a living being to
have. Only the great judges have that power."

"I know," says Khepri, "But it would not be a power I
would use often. Only when something terrible happens, as
it has with Nephthys, would I use the power to grant a spirit
peace."

"Choose your words carefully, young Garou," warns the
figure, "Lest the rest you achieve be only a warped version of
what you desire." He seems to shift, although Khepri sees no
movement. "We shall play again," he begins, "and you must
win this game. If you do win, you may make your request
again, and it will be granted."

"And if I lose?" Khepri is afraid he knows the answer.

"If you lose, there is nothing I can do. You will not be
granted your wish, and you will have to find your own way
home."

Khepri looks helplessly at the throwing sticks, which
determine much of the game by chance. "But... fate decides
the winner! Why not a race, or a fight?"

The being turns to face Khepri, and he sees inside the
hood. And he knows, beyond a doubt, the nature and name
of the being he faces. And he does not know whether to
rejoice or despair in the death-god's presence. "Because fate
must decide this game, Khepri. These are not decisions you
can make, nor I." And with that, he picks up the sticks to
begin the game.

eee

Nephthys watches the game, and when the being in the
hood wins, she takes a step forward. She steps around the
Garou, and, invisible through Sutekh's might, touches each
game piece. Each touch of her pale hand carries with ita tiny
fraction of Sutekh's power, a grain of sand upon a fingertip,

Rage Across Egypt

—


unnoticeable even to Nehebkau. The power that she places
upon the pieces is doubt, as she is commanded to do by the
unclean thing that fondles her unbeating heart.

She steps back, her work complete, and watches as the
two of them, Garou and god, play again. With each brush of
his fingers against the pieces, she sees the Garou falter a bit
more. She knows that one glance backward over his shoul-
der to see the doorway, one word of doubt to his opponent,
will taint his request with despair and loss.

And, having no heart, she does not care.

ooe

The game wears on, the sticks fall, the pieces move, and
Khepri wonders. He wonders how it is possible that this being,
this so-called god, has the power to grant such favors but not
to grant them outright, masking his power behind this
children's pastime. He wonders why the cat and crocodile did
not tell him more, since they clearly knew. He wonders if this
entire experience is only a heat-dream, and he is even now
lurching through the desert, half-dead, gibbering for water.
He reaches for the sticks, and stops, and glances up. He peers
under the hood again, and the being turns away.

Khepri feels his insides turn to cold sand. He picks up
the sticks and throws them, and moves his pieces, winning
the game. He looks up expectantly, but the man is gone.

The board is gone as well, and Khepri finds himself in
the valley where he entered the Duat. [tis night, but not
quiet — the winds howl around him. He hears the dark,
soothing voice of Nehebkau, and what he hears nearly
makes him weep.

"You knew who I was, and what the stakes were. Yet you
let ma'at fall from your heart and doubted. You are granted
your wish — you have the power to dispel the spirits of those
like Nephthys. Return now to your people and share with
them the knowledge you have gained."

Khepri runs off towards his sept, crossing the Nile by
stealing a boat, and reaching his brethren before dawn's
light. He tells them what he has learned, and explains the
bizarre rite that Nehebkau granted him.

The Theurges of the sept gather together, and enact the
rite. They stand, gathered around a fire, and howl out the
charges against Nephthys, betrayer of the great Shu-Horus.
As the howls wind down, the fire dies, and she stands there
in the center.

She is pale and beautiful, and Khepri, watching from
outside the circle, cannot help but notice that she does not
look anguished. In fact, she looks as though she was made of
marble, completely unflinching, as the elders finish the rite.

The howls of the Theurges dwindle, and they assume
human form, recite a last curse, and spit upon the betrayer.

As Khepri watches, her ghostly form solidifies, then cracks,
then shatters. She falls to pieces in a cascade of white rock,
and doesnot even cry out. Khepri does, however. This isnot
what he wanted for her.

eee

Nephthys waits in the valley. The Garou returns to the
living lands, and she waits in the Duat. Later, after the sun
has risen and set again, she feels herself pulled towards the
west. She follows the pull, flittering again over the sand like
moonlight on the Nile.

She appears in the center of a circle, surrounded by the
Silent Striders, all cursing her. She does not flinch. They
howl her crimes to the sky. She does not budge. They spit on
her, and her spiritual form is cracked and consumed.

She does not care. She has no heart.

And elsewhere, her heart also cracks and turns to sand,
and slips through the fingers of her lord and master, Sutekh,

Sutekh smiles.

eee

The truck is still rumbling towards Cairo, and I pause to
take a sip of water. The kid is staring at me, trying to make
sense of it all. Finally, he asks, "So then what?"

I sigh. "I mentioned earlier that Khepri Leaps-the-
Dunes went on to become a legendary Ragabash. He was
known for many things, but what most moon dancers
temember him for was the Rite of the Shattered Soul."

"Is that what happened to Nephthys?"

"Of course," I retort. "Remember, Khepri said he wanted
a way to give rest to spirits in special cases, like Nephthys.
When he gave in to doubt, he lost control of the wish. ‘Like
Nephthys' came tomean someone who betrays the Garouand
gives himself — or herself — over to the Wyrm entirely, so
much that not even death can wipe the slate. The Shattered
Soul means that the spirit is gone, or if it's ever reborn, it's
reborn as a creature of the Wyrm — its true form."

We start passing cars. The road became paved back
there somewhere. We're almost to Cairo. "So, why did
Sutekh want the wish that way?"

Talmost swat him. "Think about it. If Nephthys is never
reborn, no skin off his nose, right? But if she is..."

His eyes grow wide. "Oh, shit."

I smile. I love it when they get it. "Yeah."

"Was she ever reborn?"

I turn to face the rapidly advancing city of Cairo. | hate
the smell, but here we are, and we've got work to do. I turn
back to face the kid, and give him the worst and truest
answer I can.

"Not yet."

Legends of the Garou: How Nephthys Lost Her Sou!


Seren rare ere aren nave coe are emma a rem snoewremamesarensroh

Ouls

Authors: Christopher Howard & Matthew McFarland.
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein® Hagen.

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Joe Corroney, Rebecca Guay, Christopher Howard
(maps), Leif Jones, Alex Sheikman

ArtDirection, Layout & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Front Cover Art: Ron Spencer

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen

a 7 Ae

Spestal Ecos Tbarks

Geoff "Didn't Even Need to Pack a Toothbrush"
Grabowski, for spending so much time in Atlanta.
Mike "Ha ha! Chumps!" Lee, fornever even having to
set foot in Atlanta.

Richard "Let My People Go, Pharaoh" Thomas, for
fighting the good fight for remote working.

Ken "Screw Up and Back You Come" Cliffe, for
granting a very conditional pardon.

Justin "Screw Up and I'll Kill You" Achilli, for remind-

ing us that the fates of others rest on our shoulders.

Brian "You Didn't Tell Me This Was a Dry County"
Glass, for being the handy teamster-for-hire.

Carl "I Work on the Sun" Bowen, for putting his
poignant argument in the form of a poem.

Stewart "Ivory Tower" Wieck, for pretty much setting
the precedent.

au

785 PARK NORTH BLD.
SUITE 28

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning and World of Darkness are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War,
Tribebook Black Furies, A World of Rage, Werewolf Players Guide, Rage Across Egypt, Cairo By Night, Rage
Across New York, Book of the Wyrm, Axis Mundi the Book of Spirits, Giovanni Chronicles The Sun has
Set, Midnight Circus and Year of the Scarab are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

1

Rage Across Egypt

a

a


Contest

Legerat of the Garoy: How Nephthiys Lett Por Souf,
Dapper Tivo: be From the Jawa (Coppa aid Fyacas)
apler Four: Sorypoling bo Cxypp,

Sister Fie: Hiltren of Apap Catagories)
Append Ove: Cop and Croccde

4

Contents 11
LT OL. SCE SD OY A Serer %

42
4§

SE

422

4BL
4IS


The land of the Nile is mysterious and ancient, not to
mention dangerous. The sandstorm that whips through
the desert, the disease that stalks the streets of Cairo—the
land of Khem holds more than its fair share of dangers,
mundane and supernatural. But amid these dangers is
knowledge and power for the taking: relics from civiliza-
tions long dead, magic from writings on the walls of tombs,
and rites passed down from past generations. Even natives
regard Egypt as a land of mystery, and outsiders often feel
overwhelmed by the weight of history in the land.

The native Garou, the Silent Striders, were driven
from their homeland by an ancient vampire called Sutekh
(orSet) thousands of years ago. Scattered to the four winds,
they carry with them an unquenchable hatred for Set and
his vampiric brood. In the wake of the Red Star and the
signs of the End Times, many of the tribe feel that if the
Striders are to reclaim their home, it has to be now. A
decade, ayear, orevenamonth from now might be too late.

But the Silent Striders are not alone. Other tribes of
Garou have taken up protectorates in Khem, and stand
teady to help the Striders win their war. That, at least,
is what they say. But Egypt has a strange effect on some
Garou, driving them towards goals that they never knew
they had. Likewise, Egypt has long been a stronghold for
the Mokolé and the Bubasti, and the Ratkin are no
strangers to any large city. With such a large population
in such a small space, even races that usually avoid the
Fera sometimes rub shoulders with them. These meet-
ings are sometimes profitable, but more often end badly.

Flow fo Ute Tht Book

The Year of the Scarab is a series of books exam-
ining the Middle East in the World of Darkness. Rage
Across Egypt can be used in conjunction with these
books (especially Cairo By Night, the Year of the
Scarab book for Vampire: The Masquerade) or by
itself as fertile chronicle material.

Whether you are a Storyteller wishing to run a
chronicle set in Egypt, ora player who simply wants more
backgroundon the Silent Striders' homeland, Rage Across
Egypt provides complete information about Egypt in the
World of Darkness. Herein you'll find information on the
Garou of Egypt (not just the Striders) and their current
activities; the Wyrm's activities in Khem; and informa-
tion on the Egyptian Mokolé and Bastet.

More specifically:

* Legends of the Garou: How Nephthys Lost
Her Soul is the story of Khepri Leaps-the-Dunes and
how he discovered the most terrible punishment the
Garou can inflict ona transgressor, as told by Samir the
Jackal, the Galliard Who Speaks 'Til Sunrise.

© Chapter One: The Ancient Land is a history of
Egypt from both human and Garou perspectives. Ob-
viously, the werewolves have abandoned Egypt for
some time, but the country hasn't waited for them.

© Chapter Two: Up from the Sands contains
information on the cities, septs, and caerns of Egypt.
The geographical information on mundane Egypt has

Introduction: The Setting Sun 13

fanaa renters

|

been written with the interests of Werewolf charac-
ters in mind, focusing on potential historical side notes
and ecological concerns.

© Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert details the
various involvement of the twelve tribes in Egypt, plus
information on the Stargazers and their interest in the
land. Significant members of each tribe especially suitable
for integrating into a chronicle are also given attention.

¢ Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt is an
overview of how best to use the information in this
book. It includes particularly relevant information on
the secrets of the local Garou, the subplots ready to
break into full stories, and even a few extra story hooks.

© Chapter Five: Children of Apepisachapter full
of antagonists. Banes, Black Spiral Dancers, the machi-
nations of Pentex, the Leeches — the Garou of Egypt
have their work cut out for them.

© Appendix One: Cat and Crocodile focuses on
the current state of the two Fera races most relevant to
Egypt: the Bubasti, the shadowcats of Khem; and the
Mokolé who once swam the waters of the Nile.

¢ Finally, Appendix Two: Spirits of the Land
details several of the indigenous spirits of Egypt, as well
as a few spirits suitable for use in other lands.

Thewwe avd Mood,

The theme of Rage Across Egypt is reclamation.
While the Silent Striders obviously lost the most when
Set conquered Egypt, several of the other tribes had
home and family here as well. Now, after so many
thousands of years, the Garou are prepared to retake
the land of Khem. They know the road will not be easy
and that many warriors will fall, but such is war.

Note, however, that the vampires do not think of
themselves as usurpers or invaders. Indeed, the Follow-
ers of Set (Egypt's predominant clan of vampires)
think of Egypt as their ancestral home, and would be
surprised (or at least amused) to learn that a mob of
Lupines thinks that it has some prior claim. And since
both sides have history in the country stretching back
into ancient times, who is to say which side can truly
lay claim? In the end, the spoils will go to the army
strong enough to take them.

The mood of this book is endless mystery. A
deeper level of intrigue always beckons, and the
native supernatural beings of Egypt never seem to
find the answer. Thousands of years of supernatural
intrigue have left layers after layers of secrets and
unanswered questions scattered about the region,
bewildering and enticing those who come into con-
tact with them. From the Bubasti's insatiable hunger
for knowledge (reflected by their curse of endless
physical hunger) to the Silent Striders' eternal wan-

14 Rage Across Egypt

Zz

ne Ae

derings, to the mummies' endless travels through the
worlds of the living and the dead, a solution only ever
leads to other enigmas.

The theme of reclamation and the mood of mys-
tery work nicely together. Consider: even if the
Silent Striders find a way to end the Curse and retake
their homeland, what then? Certainly, not all of the
woes that Egypt has suffered since their exile can be
blamed on the vampires. Other menaces lurk beyond
the dunes and in the streets. And enemies would not
be the only trials to face: several Egyptian caerns that
the Striders may once have tended are now under the
control of other tribes. Would the Children of Gaia
give up their caern of Solace, perhaps the only one of
its type in the world, because the original owners
suddenly became able to tend it again? And what of
the Silent Striders who wouldn't feel at home in the
Middle East? Would they be willing to offer their
elders the support they needed to retain a newly
regained homeland?

Victory — even reclamation — may be possible.
Truth is more elusive.

Lavdeon

Ahadi: A non-aggression pact between the Fera of
Africa. The Garou, Mokolé, and Bastet have agreed to
help each other when possible, and to put old conflicts
aside, While the Ahadi is ostensibly open to any
member of any Changing Breed, some (notably the
Ratkin) have not heretofore expressed any interest in
supporting it.

Ali: Ali was a cousin of Muhammad and married
to the Prophet's daughter, Fatima. He was elected
fourth caliph of Islam but lost his position during
warfare and arbitration. The resulting conflict split
Islam into the sects that exist today. His followers are
called Alids.

Allah: In the Muslim faith, Allah is the Supreme
Being, the one and only God. According to Islam,
Allah is the same God as that worshiped by the Jews
and Christians. Arabic-speaking Christians also use
this name when referring to God.

Amenti (or Amentet): The place where the sun
set in the west, it became synonymous with necropoli
and the entryway to Duat, the realm of the dead.

Anubis: The Greek name for Anpu, jackal-headed
funerary deity of ancient Egypt. The Silent Striders
claim him as a patron spirit and totem.

Apep/Apophis: In Egyptian mythology, a mon-
strous serpent that attempted to swallow the sun regu-
larly. Many Silent Striders use either name as a syn-
onym for the Wyrm. Apep is also the name of the

SSS


urd Sanity

Stereotypes about Muslim culture and the
Middle Eastern world abound, and few of them are
pleasant (or accurate). Readers may find that a few
of the characters in this book hold, or even live up
to, these stereotypes. This is by nomeans meant to
present the culture in a negative light, and the
reader is asked to remember that the characters in
this book are 1) works of fiction and 2) quite
possibly bigoted and biased. It is the World of
Darkness, and the genre presumes a rather low
opinion of human nature.

Do chauvinism, spousal, and child abuse exist
in the Middle East? Of course they do, and every-
where else in the world, besides. However, Rage
Across Egypt focuses on (as the title would sug-
gest) Egypt. Simply because these social ills appear
in this book does not mean to imply that they are
rampant throughout Egypt. The inclusion of the
Seventh Generation in Rage Across New York
didn't mean that we were trying to imply that the
average New Yorker is a child-molesting cultist;
it's the same here.

A Storyteller running a chronicle set in the
Middle East shouldn't portray every man the char-
acters meetasa brutal, chauvinist bastard; any more
than she would if the chronicle were set in America.
As always, any topic with which the player might
become uncomfortable should be treated with cau-
tion, respect, and communication. This is, after all,
a game, and meant for entertainment.

Wyrm-spirit that acts as totem to the Hive of the
Thrashing Serpent (see Chapter Four).

Ba: The soul of the deceased. Often depicted as a
bird or a human-headed bird, ancient Egyptians be-
lieved that after death, there would be a final union
between souls and their bodies.

Bubasti: A tribe of Bastet that once bred with
the now-extinct Kyphur cats of Egypt. They are all
midnight-black in cat form, and share the Striders'
implacable hatred for the Leeches (who slew their
feline Kin).

Caliph: (from Arabic Khalifa, meaning deputy or
successor) The Caliph is the title of the theoretical
leader of Islam. The Caliphate is now vacant in Sunni
Islam. The Shi'ite sects have complicated beliefs con-
cerning it.

Duat/Tuat: One of the ancient names for the
afterworld, the dark realm of death in Egyptian my-
thology, situated west of the Nile (in later times
considered to be beneath the earth). The sun passes

Ns ae

through this place on its return journey from west to
east. This underworld is represented by the hieroglyph
for a star. It is here that the souls are judged. Silent
Striders and other Egyptian Garou often use the term
to refer to the Umbra.

Ennead: The group of the nine chief deities of the
Osirian cycle in ancient Egyptian myth. They are
Atum, Shu, Tefnut, Seb, Nut, Osiris, Isis, Seth, and
Nephthys. The term is also frequently used in Egyptian
texts to denote the divine council of gods and god-
desses in general.

Gail: Literally "ghoul." In Arab folklore, gals are
blood drinking, wasting spirits and often none-too-
bright. Needless to say, Middle Eastern Garou use this
as a pejorative word for vampires.

Hadith: Hadith means communication or narra-
tive. It is a record of individual sayings or actions of
Muhammad taken as a model of behavior by Muslims.
(pl. ahadith)

Heart Scarab: A scarab figurine, roughly the size
of a human heart. Flat on one side and inscribed with
spells from The Book of the Dead, it was placed on the
mummy's chest to protect the deceased's heart so it
could be weighed on the scales of Ma'at. Some heart
scarabs were magical amulets with arcane powers.

Hieroglyphs: Hieroglyphs were the pictorial/writ-
ten language developed in Ancient Egypt. Hieroglyphs
changed substantially in character and meaning from
their creation during the Early Dynastic Period and are
roughly divided into five periods: Old Egyptian (approx.
2920-2134 BCE, mostly of a religious or official na-
ture), Middle Egyptian (developed 2134-2040 BCE
and in use to at least 1070 BCE), Late Egyptian (used
up until 715 BCE), Demotic (the "popular" form in use
from the 25" Dynasty through the late Roman Period).
Hieratic is a cursive form of the language introduced
during the Old Kingdom and was most commonly
written on papyri.

Isis: The Greek name for the Egyptian goddess of
life, queen of the gods (Ast or Eset in the original
Egyptian). To the Silent Striders and Bastet, "Isis"
denotes an important historical figure, most probably
a magic-worker of some kind; "Ast" or "Eset" refers to
the deity herself.

Jann: A Bane, native to Egypt, that drains a
victim's willpower by causing horrific nightmares.

Ka: The Ancient Egyptian definition of the spirit
and life force of both humans and gods. Ka and ba
(soul) form together the immortal elements. When a
mortal is born, his ka remains in the world of eternity
while his mortal body is alive on earth. When a person
dies, he "rejoins his ka." Ka also acts as a protecting

Introduction: The Setting Sun 15

ee, ee rn ee EN

|

spirit and guards its dead body against the dangers of
the after life.

Ka'ba: Ka'ba means "cube" in Arabic. The Ka'bi
the principal shrine of Islam, and is located in Mecca
is the center of the Muslim pilgrimage and the point
toward which all Muslims the world over face to pray.

Khem: Egypt. Also "Khemt."

Ma'at: Cosmic order and balance; in shapeshifter
belief, ma'at was once embodied by the Triat before it
became unbalanced.

Mecca: Mecca, also spelled Makkah, is the caravan
town where Muhammad was born and raised. It is near
the west coast of Arabia, about seventy-two kilometers
from the seaport of Jiddah and about midway between
the northern and southern ends of the Red Sea.

Medina: Medina is another caravan town about
447 kilometers north of Mecca, where Muhammad
spent the last ten years of his life and where he is
buried. Originally called Yathrib, it became known
as Madinat al-Nabi (the City of the Prophet) and
hence, Medina.

Muhammad: According to Islam, Muhammad is
the prophet of God. He was born in Arabia around 570

\ . Es
J : a AS
rH Is i WS
IME all AG SS ST
Se a
Kae ei a eee

and died in 632. According to Islam he was the last of
a line of prophets, including many of those of the Old
Testament and Jesus Christ.

Mummy: Also called "Reborn." A race of humans
made immortal by a powerful rite (which many claim
was created by Isis), Most mummies oppose vampires,
and some act as allies to the Garou.

Nephthys: A priestess of Eset and Kinfolk to the
Silent Striders. She was made a vampire by Sutekh,
and then slain by Shu-Horus, an Ahroun of the Strid-
ers. Not to be confused with Nebthet, the goddess from
which she takes her name.

Naos: The shrine or tabernacle of a god. Many
Egyptian Bubasti (and some Garou Theurges) call the
room within which they perform their ceremonies by
this name.

Nome: An Ancient Egyptian province or admin-
istrative region (from the Greek nomos, the Egyptians
called them sepat).

Qur'an: The Qur'an (also spelled Coran,
AlQur'an, etc.) is the holy scripture of Islam revealed
to Muhammad by Allah. The word Qur'an means
"readings" or "recitations."

16 Rage Across Egypt

lh

ae

L


=

Greek wt. Ey fflar

Students of Egyptology will note that Rage
Across Egypt uses the Grecian names for most of
the Egyptian gods, at least in most cases. "Anubis"
is used rather than "Anpu," "Horus" for "Heru,"
"Nephthys" for "Nebthet," and so on. This style
choice is made for two reasons. One is, naturally,
that the casual reader is far more familiar with
names like Horus and Osiris than Heru and Asar,
and reacts more strongly to those names. However,
we have also chosen to use the Grecian versions of
these names when referring to the supernatural
beasts that allegedly inspired the tales of Egyptian
gods, and the Egyptian names when referring to the
gods themselves (who may take whatever form the
Storyteller finds most appropriate, from utter fic-
tion to genuine Incarnae). Thus, if you don't care
for the thought that the ancient Egyptians of the
World of Darkness worshipped a collection of vam-
pires, magi and other fraudulent "deities," you have
the tools to rule otherwise.

Set/Sutekh: In Egyptian mythology, the god of
darkness, war, hostility, and foreign lands; eternal rival
of Heru (Horus). The Striders hold that Set took
physical form in Ancient Egypt as a vampire who
conquered Egypt and drove the Bubasti to near-ex-
tinction and the Silent Striders into exile. Some
Garou believe he still sleeps somewhere in Egypt.
Regardless, his vampiric descendants, known as the
Followers of Set (or Setites) now hold subtle influence
in many parts of the world, typically in such arenas as
the drug trade. Both the Silent Striders and the Bubasti
detest the Setites (for obvious reasons).

Shabti (pl. Ushabti): Ancient funerary figures
buried with the deceased to protect, accompany and
guide him through the realms of the dead. The spirits
bound to some of these figures still maintain their own
existence and agendas.

Sharia: The body of Islamic law. Literally mean-
ing "path," when spelled with a small "s" it is also used
to denote a street name.

SN Ns ee

Shemsu-heru: Literally "Followers of Horus," this
is a specific order of mummies, but a respectful Strider
term for all mummies.

Shi'a: Shi'a (adj. Shi'i or Shi'ite) is the minority
division (10-15%) of Islam. It consists of scores of
dissident sects opposed to Sunni Islam and to one
another. The name means "party" in the political
sense and comes from Shi'at Ali, the party of Ali.

Soul-Drinkers: A race of Banes that stalks the
Umbbral deserts hunting for Silent Striders. At night,
they become solid and hunt in the physical world.
They can feed on any being with Gnosis, but seem to
be able to sniff out Silent Striders in particular.

Sunna: Sunna means "tradition" and is the sum
of sayings and actions of Muhammad as recalled by
his companions and followers. As such it is second
only to the Qur'an as a source of Islamic belief and
practices. Sunna (adj. Sunni or Sunnite) also denotes
the mainstream or "orthodox" body of Muslims as
opposed to Shi'a.

Ta-Mera: "Land of Desire," the physical world.

Ta-tchesert (or Ta-djesart): Literally "The
Holy Land," the Silent Striders' Tribal Homelands
in the Umbra.

Urthekau: The name for Egyptian supernatural
powers. Some Egyptian Garou speak of urthekau inter-
changeably with Gifts, though they also apply it more
generically to the abilities wielded by other paranor-
mal beings.

Wadi: Mostly dry riverbeds through which water
flows only during the occasional winter rains.

Yaaru: In Egyptian myth, Yaaru (Sekhet-Aaru,
meaning "field of the reeds"; also laru, Aalu) are the
fields of the nether world, located in the realm of the
dead. It is a beautiful place where the deceased can
perform their favorite activities. These fields are tilled
to provide the dead with food. Itis represented asa vast
field of wheat, symbol of life. Yaaru is situated in the
east where the sun rises, but is sometimes also referred
toasa group of islands. They correspond roughly to the
Elysian Fields of the Greeks.

Introduction: The Setting Sun 17



Let it go. Breathe. Out, out, out... Let the fire pass
from your heart and the red mists leave your eyes. This is
a dark place, where past hatreds and stale frenzy echo
endlessly and without purpose. Itis difficult for those of our
kind to resist the rage it evokes in us, so I forgive you for
attacking me when I first arrived. Ah, I see the light of
reason retuming to your eyes. My blade is simple Dam-
ascus steel, a keepsake from my Spanish homeland. It is
quite sharp, but does not cause lasting damage when I use
it to chastise over-enthusiastic pups like you. You sum-
moned me here. Remember? You bumed the papyrus roll,
containing your hard-eamed wisdom, and inscribed the
eight-spoked wheel. Sekhet Wheel-Dancer, am I. Once
Garou like you, my sister and I have been rendered spirit by
our totem, Owl, so that the lore of our tribe would not perish
in our homeland. I am twin-keeper of the old lore of
Alexandria and banished Lady of the Marble Stair. Youare
of Damien Mourns-the-Dead's blood, yes? | know of you
and your mission here. Few things pertaining to our tribe
escape my attention and I have watched you since your
Firsting. But let us pass first from this place ere we speak
longer; we have too many enemies to afford us carele
words. The Citadel of the Western Fire is not far from here
for those who know Egypt's airts as I do. Come. Follow.

eee

Much better. The Fire Citadel has stood here through
storm, plague and war for at least 6,000 years. This fortress
is one of four ancient towers, built in the cardinal directions
and representing the four-fold elements (at least as they are
counted in Westen mysticism). The northern Tower of the
Etesian Wind appears sporadically in Tanta's Penumbra,
while the southern Citadel of Midnight Waters belongs to the
Bubasti and sits along the Nile just over the Sudan border.
have only heard rumors of the eastern tower representing
Earth, for its location is beyond our knowledge. Powerful
mages erected them in the earliest reaches of Egyptian history
to bind and direct Khem's spiritual energies, or at least so the
legends say. The mages are long gone, however, and the
Western Tower now serves our tribe's purposes. It stands on
the border between the Penumbra and Duat, what you call
the Dark Umbra, the realm of the restless dead. The fire it
represents is the fire of dispersion and to walk into it is to die.

Ah, but perhaps I am getting ahead of myself. You have
come to your land of ancestry to reclaim it from our enemies
of old, and with Gaia and Allah's help you may accomplish
your ends. Do not look so surprised. Though I have chosen not
to don the veil, | have been a Muslim since my birth in the 15*
century. A belief in the Celestines of our pantheon and a belief
in the God of the Qur'an are no more a contradiction than a
shared belief in the same God of the Bible or the Torah, despite

Chapter One: The Ancient Land 19

eS

meray

|


what you may have heard from others. But you have not come
to hear me philosophize. You require knowledge to complete
your mission. That is why you summoned me here, is it not?
We are nota subtle species, we children of the wolf, but Egypt
isasubtle land. Even from the earliest times, survival here has
been more a matter of cunning than of brute force, a contest
some would say that we Garou are ill fitted to win. But then,
we are leaming. I have discovered much in my five centuries
as the caretaker of Alexandria's lore and there is much I can
teach you. There is far more to the Wyrm's age-old involve-
ment in Egypt than the pathetic plots emanating from Cairo's
corporate offices. But, we must hurry. The wheel will soon
tum and take me from this place, so listen carefully...

Cormegenetht

You have heard the tales of our kind before and I will
not waste much of your time delivering a course on com-
parative religion. Nevertheless, Khem is a complex realm
and there are things you must know. Before the pharaohs,
before the first tribes, or even the first fish crawling from the
sea, there were Celestines such as Gaia and Helios, and the
three forces of the Triat. These are the old stories of ourkind
and they describe the old ways well enough. But they are
not the only legends, as those who live long in Egypt soon
learn. Let me then propose an alternative story, or more
precisely, in the beginning, three.

Yes, the ancient Egyptians had three tales of how the
Tellurian began. The first came from the city of Yunu
near modern Cairo — what the Greeks called Heliopolis
(the city of the sun). The second, superceding myth rose
from Memphis while a third universe sprang from the
myths of Hermopolis. The first story begins with a great
sea of formless possibility. Call it the chaos of endless
Wyld without the parameters set by the Weaver, or
perhaps it was stagnant order with only the potential for
creative chaos. Call itthe womb of Gaia or the unordered
scattering of free electrons after the Big Bang if you are of
suchamind. The Ancient Egyptians called it the goddess
Nu or Nun, a primordial deity encompassing an endless
sea of inert water. Indeed, in their belief this sea never
ceased to exist, but remains surrounding our Earth, the
skies and the very cosmos. The Ancient Egyptians lived
in fear that this twilight sea would one day come crashing
back in, drowning the ordered world of man. But I am
getting ahead of myself...

From this void, bootstrapped into existence by his
own will, rose the god Atum, the demiurgic creator of
the world as we know it. Atum is also the predecessor to
the sun god Re, or Ra, or as we call him, the Celestine
Helios. The primeval ground upon which he stood was
called the Benben which, perhaps not too surprisingly in
the Heliopolitan cosmology, still exists in Heliopolis.
This legend then relates how he masturbated the twin
god and goddess, Shu and Tefnut (often represented as

20 Rage Across Egypt

————

ee A Ae

lions), along with the rest of reality into existence — an
image more one of sacred creation than the licentious or
even ridiculous image it may suggest to modern listen-
ers. This was not the only creation myth, however.
Memphis, a powerful political capital, developed a
tradition that held Ptah, not Atum, as the true creator
of the cosmos. Ptah, they believed, spoke everything
(including the before mentioned Atum) into existence
in an act of demiurgic creation similar to that found in
the Book of Genesis. But hold, we are not done yet.
In Khemnu, Hermopolis to the Greeks, the creation
myth took on an almost scientific exactitude in its con-
cern for the nature of the primordial matter. An energy
known as "flood force" offset the stagnant waters of Nu.
Also two other forces, "darkness and concealed dyna-
mism," were part of the mix. Did I say "scientific"? This is
not surprising, for this tradition evolved into the myth
thatbrought forth the god Thoth (Hermes Trismegistus to
the Greeks), who represented the first form of organized
magic in Egypt, perhaps even in the world at large — a
tradition that would soon cause us no end of trouble.

Flow the Woff Came to €gyff

Are wolves native to Egypt? Perhaps. Perhaps not.
Certainly there have never been many of our kind in
the desert realm, and fewer still in modern times. Still,
we were somewhat ubiquitous in the rest of Africa and
we Garou have always had the will to move our packs
along when hunting grew thin. One need look no more
further into Egyptian mythology than the lupine "god"
Wepwawet to know that the ancient Egyptians had
experience with wolves. Although we Striders have
always been the most itinerant of Gaia's lupine chil-
e place we would call home.
ay hear from others, 0 our ancestors

e
Bal:
ol the ye
flooded and then iting i rer of silt
on the surrounding planes. Indeed, some am s still
believe that, if there is any spiritual fragment left by the
original Wyrm of Balance, it may reside along the Nile.
We wolves observed this Edenic plane, watching over the
growing cities from the surrounding dunes or going
among the people to learn more. This was something
new... Garou had watched over humanity for millennia
before civilization emerged as such, but still we noticed
how the apes, touched by knowledge gleaned from Grand-
mother Weaver, learned to speak, to build and to kill.

amminmnen-nadamar


SN es

Egypt's population grew in numbers, learning the
Cont and Montfort ways of agriculture, science — and magic. Of course,
Is your head about to explode yet? Perhaps it they were helped along a little in this regard. The Bastet
would help if] told you that many of these competing had a certain fascination with the apes from early on —
NY visions, like so many other creation myths, are the as did, admittedly, some Garou. Far more important to
result of politics — overt and subtle, human and the development of civilization in the Nile, however,
supernatural. The ancient Egyptians had a habit of were the machinations of the undead. They were few in
"syncretizing" their deities. They'd blend one god number back then, but individually wielded vast power.
with another to form deities who encompassed mul- The oldest gals no doubt saw the world asa hostile place
tiple metaphysical concepts. Alternatively their rea- and, given theirneed for human herds and vulnerability
sons were more political and pragmatic; they would during the day, sought to gather humans around them in
mix local gods from the various nomes to create anew ever-greaternumbers. Our legends tell ofanancientcity
god to keep everyone happy. Where else but Egypt openly ruled by the gals somewhere in the Western
would you get composite deities with names like Desert, though tales of that wicked place are mere
Prah-Seker-Osiris? (That one in particular encom- rumors to even the wisest of our lore spirits. The West-
passed the properties of all three gods: creation, stasis ern Desert retains a dark and dangerous reputation to
and the afterlife.) Among the vast profusion of deities this day. But, with or without their aid, humanity's
in the Egyptian pantheon, there were few genuine numbers grew upon the verdant plains of the Nile.
gods (though some, such as the Celestine Re/Helios While it is true that we Striders were the first and
would qualify), but there were plenty of monsters. most numerous tribe to gather along the Nile, we were
Vampires, potent spirits and even we Garou not alone. Beside the previously mentioned Red Tal-
spawned human cults for our own purposes. Are you ons, there were those Garou whom we called "Warders
familiar with Anpu — Anubis, God of the Dead? of Apes,"Gnsimply hile Fese predecessors to the
Notice the family resemblance? As far as | know, meen cs falkers ha teary te, their
there never was a specific entity who spawned the faoination'! en inspired toys,
Anubis myth, but centuries of our tribe being spotted so the ruftiorsiofeities of humans growinpurrthe desert
here and there in Crinos form — dimly remembered presented an irresistible pull to the artificers. At about
through the Veil — was enough to get the image the same time, wanderers from the Children of Gaia
burned into the Egyptian psyche. Of course a few (most likely from Mesopotamia) discovered the Nile
vampires have tried to cash in on the archetype since region and may, along with the Warders, have served
that time. We Garou can only lay claim to a small, as a force to blunt the Impergium.
but important, portion of Egypt's mythology. After e
all, with such creaturesasourancientnemesis Sutekh
(known in the West as Seth or Set) laying false claim
to godhead, the struggle for the Egyptian soul was a
complex affair, ultimately not winnable by any one
faction. Even today in the Umbra, you will find
Incarnae, Jagglings and even a few potent Gafflings ,
with pretensions to godly status. thesedays,
good réason to trust in i leadership ae Erte
This was the reason for the Impergium, was it not? _ ¢ventothe present, House Wischearthas arguably done
Humanity spread too far, too fast, killingexcessivelyand more to earn the other tribes' respect than any other
depleting the old hunting grounds. But we wolvesnever __ Silver Fang family. Amofgother things, they were the
numbered many in the Nile's fertile delta, and this was Only Silver Fangs not ipl aison in the War of Rage.
seen as the rightful realm of the Bastet and other Fera. This was partly a taétiéa fasion aree (where our
Wild packs of those Garouthat would soon become Red numbers were fe j ander g the other Fera in
Talons were alone in attempting to control humanity's combat would e been near, mm. § ), but those of

numbers in Egypt. Despite their tenacity (or, perhaps,  Wiseheart hav ursued accommodation with
fanaticism) in this regard, they were never able tobring __ the other Fera tual and ethi¢al reasons as well.

the Impergium to the fevered pitch it reached in other Finishing out the first wave offGarou entering the
nascent centers of civilization. The Impergium proper _tegion were the ne Gawers/ In the early cities of
ended sometime before Egypt became a major place of ancient Egypt, those of this tribe first went from being
civilization, but the fact that it was never enforced here _ the lone wanderers at the outskirts of the village fire, to
probably gave the Nile civilization a head start. dwelling among the slaves and the dispossessed at the

Chapter One: The Ancient Land 21

TT EN


city's heart. It was, perhaps, the tribe's earliest experi-
ences here —and their subsequent disenfrai¢hisement
when Egypt became a/Gaptive domain for thousands of
years —that has embittered the Egyptian Gnawerséven
beyond what yousee in that tribe throughout the rest of
the world. Many-Egyptian Gnawers are of an unwhole-
some Variety and recent events may have made things
far worse. Enough of that fo@now. We ate speaking of
ancient history andiitewas in Egypethat we'Gareu first
had a vision of the worldithat was to come.

The War of Rage

In Egypuithe War of Rage was more a sideshow than
anything else. I suppose a/Gynical take"ofilthis may be to
say that there were tooifew wolves to pursue such a war
effort, so Khem's Garqu chose a path of accommodation
in order tasurvive. Perhaps more pragmatic thanicynical,
I can nonétheless'say that Egype's Garou Were never as
ideologieally driven as theywere elsewhere in the world.
House Wiseheartdesefvessomeofthe credit here. While
the leadershipf the tribe was whipping upthe blood rage
against the Fera in other parts of the world, House
Wiseheart maintained its cook It's intetésting that some
say the Silver Fangs' madness stems from Gaia's curse in
the aftermath of the war, since House Wiseheart displays

Se
Nati

less in the way of Harano than the other houses. Our tribe
too had little interest in partaking of the madness that was
ongoing in the rest of the world. This isn't to say that we
didn't take part in hostilities elsewhere, but we had no
particular bad blood against the other Fera here. At least
one Egyptian tribe, the Red Talons, did make some feints
in the conflict, but it never even approached the mad
pitch it reached throughout the world at large.

Jakbinef

Do you know the tale of Sakhmet? No? She was
Simba, one of the lion tribe, and I am sure that one of their
number could do this tale better justice — if you could
follow their maddeningly subtle manner of speech. This
tale is of importance to the Garou for three reasons. The
first, because itspells out for us how most of usare strangers
to this land when compared to some of the other Fera.
The othertwo? Well, youshall see ina moment. Sakhmet
was a warrior queen among the Bastet's preeminent

warrior tribe and, unlike most Bastet, she was far more
ia or Luna.
ns of Ancient Eeypt soon came to know her as

enamored of the solar Celestine Re than of C
The citiz

a fiery agent of divine destruction, an avenger goddess

Eye of Re." In this guise she was a vengeful
aspect of the usually benevolent goddess Hathor (who

known as the "

22 Rage Across Egypt

INN

: The Batfop

The Bastet have always been far more numerous
than we Garou in Africa, and Egypt has been a special
Dy stronghold for them from time immemorial. After all,

the collective name for the werecats, "Bastet," was no
doubt the genesis for the Egyptian goddess Bast. (Most
casual scholars think of her as having the head of a
domestic cat, but she was originally portrayed as a
lioness.) Go for a walk in any Egyptian mi
exhibit and you'll see just how enamored of ca
Ancient Egyptians were. Most Bastet are
warriors that we Garou are, but they are snea
some of them (especially the remaining Eg
variety) are potent magicians. They typically rev
the Celestine Luna with the;
hold for Gaia, while vigy
minor figure in their p:

Many modern Basti
outsiders. I understand
tent. After all, when Se

mainly the cats (and a few
the Mokolé and the now-8
vented the country from fal

and other pawns of the W:
somewhat better between us si
Ahadi, however, so you may fini

distrust us"
still mak

you don't want to S¢rap with.

By my count, there were foursub-species
if you can use such a word with creatures as |
affiliated as the cats) in ancient Khem, though only,
one is prominent at present.

© Bagheera: No, there are not any leopards in
modern Egypt, but one of the earliest Egyptian deities
was Mafdet, "The Lady of the Castle of Life." Herform
was feline and, many speculate that of a panther. She
was noted principally as a destroyer of snakes and
scorpions. A few foreign Bagheera have appeared in
Egypt from time to time, but they rarely stay long.

© Bubasti: These "shadowcats" never left Egypt
despite hard times. They are, I have found, a mixed
bunch. They are undoubtedly the most potent
"Theurges" among the cats. This can make them
potentallies if you can manage it, but it also leads some
to make unhealthy pacts with both Banes and the
undead. The last Bubasti I met attempted to summon
trol me as one might treat any common dune

a mistake | let him live to regret. Although

ever been particularly fond of Garou, they also

it there are far worse things to contend with.

oken with a few of them who see our recent

pt as a positive event. They have been
ania since our departure and

the atone a d us with magic and

advice, but be ibove attempting to

wind us up andsendu 2 enemies while they
watch safely from ats...

* Simba: in Egypt's modem

borders, but "always so. Arensnuphis,

Bastet, Ded lahes, Menhit, Mihos,

Sakhmet and [O hame a few, were leonine

deities held ‘ ancient Egyptians. The

th Upper Egypt as part of the

some of them (most notably

le in Egypt's earlier history.

ack Tooth made sev-

s, but have not seen one since the 1700s.

ve also been persistent, if unsubstantiated,
rumofs of actual cheetahs in the Western Desert's
Qattara Depression. If so, | suppose it's possible that
some Swara may be there too. Since Qattara is one
of the most dangerous places in Egypt, however, I
wouldn't give two piasters for their chances of sur-
vival. If any remain along the Nile, they stick to
those Penumbral regions that still maintain some of
the river's ancient, more verdant attributes.

some among us consider an aspect of Gaia herself). She
was also the "Lady of Pestilence" who could send plague

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

eee

and disease, but at the same time was revered as a healer

of these ailments — a paradoxical goddess indeed.

aa \

23

Ser err een ner ste. on are masrrensmnareneh

Asthe story goes, in an episode of godly paranoia, the
sun god Re came to believe that humanity was plotting
against him and sent his avenging eye against the human
race. Sakhmet, maddened by her charge, descended from
the heavens and slew almost all of humanity before Re
thought better of his command. After some difficulty, he
restored her to her more benign aspect (reportedly by
tricking her into drinking vast quantities of beer colored
red to look like blood). The intoxicated goddess aban-
doned the slaughter and humanity was saved.

Myth. Yes? Perhaps in part. Substitute "all of hu-
manity" for the "people of pre-dynastic Egypt" and you
may have a better idea of the power levels involved. I
have asked numerous lore spirits about this and here is
what I've pieced together: Sakhmet was a real historical
entity and in fact somehow garnered abilities from the
Celestine Helios, making her an avenging avatar of his
might on Earth. The barriers between the Umbra and
Ta-Mera were thinner then than they are today. A
crimson Penumbral sun shone over Egypt for almost a
full week, day and night, as Sakhmet battered down the
defenses of the ancient villages, incinerating and maul-
ing her victims in an ecstatic orgy of bloodlust.

I can only imagine the gills' fear and surprise at such
a strange phenomenon. They used to move about the
night with little fear, for what could challenge such
creatures? Potent though most individual vampires were
back then, even they would have been poorly suited to
resist such an onslaught as some of them were caught
unawares in this week of midnight sun. I understand that
a favorite childe or grand-childe of Set himself, died in the
first night of the slaughter. Others went hungry in
Sakhmet's fiery wake as many of their human "herds" were
incinerated or flayed alive, their precious blood draining
onto the dusty streets. Nor can I say what actually hap-
pened to Sakhmet in the aftermath of her carnage. Per-
haps she came to her senses as the tales say, or perhaps,
over-charged by carrying the power of a Celestine, she
burned herself out. Ah, but I promised you two more
reasons for why this matters to us today. First, of course, Set
and his brood took a special interest in the Bastet (and by
extension, we Garou) from that night forward; no small
matter that soon became. The other? Let us just say that
it proves a cautionary tale when discussing the archetype
of the avenger goddess — especially as it pertains to our
dark Kin, Nephthys. Curious? Then let's move on.

Cathles Made of Sto

The Impergium a thing of the past and the War of
Rage only a distant rumor, Lower and Upper Egypt
united into a contiguous political entity. It was in those
early days of pharaonic Egypt that we Garou first had an
inkling of what bad tidings were born by civilization's
advance. First and foremost, we saw how the Weaver

ne A Ae

grew. In the beginning it was merely a curiosity to many
Garou; after all, it was isolated to a single area and most
of the world remained strongly within the domain of the
Wyld. Encouraged by the Warders, the other tribes in
Egypt allowed civilization to prosper, perhaps as a con-
trolled experiment, but now we began to reap the
consequences. In the past, if a village grew too large or
upset Gaia's balance, a pack of her Garou avengers
would sweep into the town, culling the most aggressive
hunters and fertile breeding stock from their ranks.
Now, with large numbers, stone buildings for defense
and organized supernatural entities (human and
vampiric) claiming the cities as their private demesne,
we suddenly found such ineffective.

Strange new spirits entered the surrounding Umbra.
Many of them were of the Weaver and began tospin their
webs far and wide. Remember I said how many Garou
once considered the Nile to be, in part, an aspect of the
Wyrm of Balance? Then it should come as little shock
that the poisoned spirits ofan increasingly maddened and
malevolent Wyrm — at least locally trapped in the
Weaver's webs — first made themselves known in the
land of the pharaohs. Certainly it is no accident that the
serpent god Apophis became a perennial nightmare to
those who strode the Umbra. I have heard alternative
tales explaining this creature, but to me it is unlikely that
Apophis and the Wyrm are anything but synonymous.
Corruption feeds upon itself and soon all kinds of mon-
strosities flocked their way to Khem, drawn to Apophis
like moths to a darkling flame. Even today some of the
oldest and most potent Banes make their home in Egypt.

Also into this mix appeared another force. Human
mages, long known to us as wild shamans, began to
codify their magics in a new and troubling manner.

DQypathlaRufe

In pharaonic Egypt, House Wiseheart cut their
silver fangs on leadership, as did we Silent Striders
(though we played the role of vizier far better than
that of pharaoh). With hotable exceptions, how-
ever, neither tribe was able to getito6 firmly en-
sconced in the royal péwer Structure, There were
just too many other interested pai including
human ma vampires and ‘the Bubasti Earning
their name, Hous@Wischeart quickly learned to
pull string§ ih the royal court without exposing
themselve$ — trigk even the gtils to6k some time
to learn. The Silver alcon, has been
strong in Egypt ftom the beginning. Indeed, the
first pharaoh, oe ot with joining Upper

and Lower Egypt, i the chief of the so-called
"Falcon Clan" and Kin to House Wiseheart.

24 Rage Across Egypt

lL ———

a cea,


| mm \\

Whether they gathered in the cult of Thoth or in other
secret cabals, this new breed of will-workers began to cut
aswathe through the formerly sacrosanct realms of the
Wyld, ordering it to fit their whim. They built four great
towers in the Penumbra to bind and direct the powers of
this land. Additionally, one of the main tenets of
Egyptian magic involved the pursuit of immortality,
either in this life or the next. Some mages used their
magics to fuse human and animal spirits into totems to
guard and serve them in the afterlife. Many of these
"Shabti" spirits have survived their creators and still
pursue their own agendas. So too, the gills took advan-
tage of the ancient pharaohs' desire for life ever lasting,
using their potent blood to bind vassals to their service.
Nor were we (
coincidence that we Striders and those Fangs of the

arou immune to Duat's siren call; it isno

Ivory Priesthood (which has its origins in Egypt) are the
only Garou with experience in the Dark Umbra. The
distance between the Penumbra and the necropoli of
the restless dead was always smaller in Khem than in
almost any other region of the world.

Finally, ever in opposition to the vampires, rose the
Shemsu-heru, commonly knownas the Undying. These
immortal beings apparently arose from the blood feud

between Set and another potent vampire, Osiris. You
have heard the tale of how Set murdered his brother
Osiris, and how Isis and her sister Nephthys gathered his
body and resurrected him. I cannot pierce the veil of
myth that surrounds this particular legend, despite we
Striders' close connection to Nephthys, but the tales tell
how Osiris and Isis's son, the hawk-headed Horus,
somehow spawned the Shemsu-heru to battle against
Set and his minions. We Ga
ourselves with the Undying from time to time and they
have earned our respect, if not our full trust.

‘ou have had cause to ally

Do you see how forces converge in Egypt? In a
country so densely populated intoa few miles alongeach
bank of the Nile, and with such rich prizes at stake, how
could it be otherwise? Garou and magi, vampire and
Shemsu-heru, even in those early times, the pressure of
so many forces in so small a region escalated to explosive
proportions. Unfortunately, as events would soon prove,
the game could go on without us.

Nophthiyt

Our legends typically date this tale to the tumultu
ous years of the 13 Dynasty. The wild Hyksos had
invaded much of the Nile Delta from without, in part

Chapter One: The Ancient Land 25

|

|

a AA

backed by supernatural agencies of whose identity | am
still unsure. In any event, this invasion managed to
disrupt many of Egypt's already ancient power structures
and particularly rattled the undead. Old Sutekh himself
wandered openly for the first time in centuries —
though our oracles say that he was oddly bereft of much
of his ancient power. We Striders, ever a thorn in his
side, once again became targets in a manner unprec-
edented since just after Sakhmet's rampage. Against
even a weakened Set, we were hard pressed to defend
ourselves. Ifanyone could rally such a defense, however,
it was Shu-Horus. Shu-Horus was, perhaps, the greatest
warrior and leader in our tribe's history, and furthermore
we Garou had allies that even Sutekh did not suspect.
One of these was the "goddess" Nephthys.

Born Strider Kin many centuries before, Nephthys
had not "bred true" as the saying goes, and one might have
predicted that she was destined to play no more than an
honorable but supporting role in our struggle. But then one
would not have known Nephthys.... Crossed by Fate, our
Kinswoman had pursued other avenues of magic. Over
time she gained a reputation asa goddess, but she nonethe-
less countenanced no temples being built to her, as did
some of the other supposed gods of the old pantheon. She
had become a master in the spheres of life and death and
prophecy, unnaturally prolonging her life for centuries
uncounted and walking paths in Duat unknown to even
our wisest lore masters. Although such magics as she
wielded were suspect to us, she continued to support our
tribe, and we took full advantage of her wisdom and power.

Shu-Horus wasas close to heras any in our tribe had
been in generations, but even he did not know that the
magics that had so long sustained her life had begun to
fade. If he had known this, perhaps he still would have
asked for her aid against Sutekh (for our need was
desperate), but then again he might have thought better
of it. In any event, her magics and her lore gave Shu-
Horus the power to wound old Set and his clan in a
manner they had not experienced before — vengeance
was not long in coming. Injured and enraged, the
ancient serpent struck out against the woman who had
loosed the arrow against him. Some of our tales tell how
she battled Set blood and spell to the last, others that she
willingly offered her throat to the serpent's bite. In
either case, her other magics reportedly left her even as
she gained life everlasting. Shu-Horus met her one last
time, along the banks of the Nile and, injured to the core
by her fate, slew her to restore her soul to Gaia's grace.

Itissaid, however, that Nephthys was not grateful for
this release. Our legends hold that it was this act of kin-
slaying, and her dying curse, that effectively banished our
tribe. Perhaps, or perhaps Set, puissant in the ways of spirit
lore (at least for a gal), played an active role in fulfilling
hercurseand poisoning the well forus. Atany rate, within

26 Rage Across Egypt
(ee aaa

acouple of generations, we found that we could no longer
"rest" or recoup our spiritual energies while in our native
land; our centuries of enforced wandering had begun.

But wait, there is one thing more. You have heard the
tale of Khepri, of how his quest to put her soul to rest may
have merely bound herall the more closely to herdeathless
sire. But then Nephthys was also a seer of no small talent
and itseems likely thatshe could have seen, at least in part,
the patterns that surrounded her death. If such is the case,
as Owlhas foretold, then the time ofherreturn asa new sort
of avenger goddess may be nigh. We may soon witness the
genesis of one not magi nor vampire nor restless dead, but
something that transcends all three. Perhaps she will still
be in some manner the thrall of Set, though my feeling is
thar the old serpent may have set in motion events that
even he cannot fully control. This might provide our tribe
with amoment of dark mirth and some small revenge, but
then her last words were a curse for our perceived betrayal
of her. This matter has occupied the thoughts of our tribal
leadership for millennia now, but if the portents are true,
our time of waiting may be at an end.

Diaspora avd Emnphres End
You already know how the war with Set ended.
Somewhere during the war, he learned the names of the
elders of our tribe, and using those names, he cursed us
with the power of a god. No more could we rest on the
soil of our native land; nightmares tore at us if we tried.
So we became the Silent Striders in truth, setting out on
roads that would never again lead us home for long.
By the beginning of the so-called New Kingdom,
there were few Striders who could stay any length of
time in Egypt and hope to survive. Fortunately we were
already used to wandering, but this had always been
instinct rather than necessity. Now we were scattered to
the winds, but ever we planned for our eventual return.
Egypt, meanwhile, continued on without us. Go ahead,
stick your hand in the Nile and then pull it out again.
How long does it take for the water to close in on where
your hand was? We Striders left slightly more of a mark
than that, but such places are hidden now, either in
ancient tombs or in the Umbra. The other tribes made
the best they could of the situation, but without us they
were badly outnumbered. By the time the Egyptian
Garou received fresh blood with the arrival of the
Greek-born Furies during the 26" Dynasty, we Striders
were mostly a faded memory in Khem. We entrusted
some of our caerns to the remaining tribes, but others fell
to our Bastet competitors and to covetous mages.
Egypt witnessed the tum of the millennial seasons. It
passed from the center of civilization, to regional impor-
tance under control of the Nubians, Ethiopians, Persians
and the Ptolemaic Greeks, and finally to colonial status
under Rome. With the ascendance of Rome, even the


Shemsu-heru left Khem. Their reasons may have been
sound — Egypt, after all, had become provincial, seem-
ingly unimportant in the grand scheme of things — but
with theirdeparture wentany hope of stemming vampiric
domination. I've heard that one vampiric faction battled
another as Western vampires tried to take power from the
native variety, but Set's brood still seems to hold the

balance of power, especially in the south. (Most Garou
can be forgiven for not giving a damn what sort of Leech
is sucking their blood.) Even with our intermittent aid,
the remaining tribes lacked the knowledge and the will to
do much more than survive. From the rise of Rome to the
dawn of the modem era, the Wyrm has slithered into the
vacuum left by the Garou often uncontested. The other
Fera, outside of a few strongholds, largely failed to stem
this spreading darkness.

The Black Furies found a home in Alexandria and
formed a mystery cult that has somehow managed to
survive through the present. Rumors of their collusion
with local non-Setite gals are persistent and troubling,
but I've never seen any proof. House Wiseheart main-
tained a tenuous existence throughout the centuries with
the aid of spiritual allies, but they have wisely never
depended on Egypt as their main power base. Most of the
Warders moved on to greener pastures once the center of
ancient civilization shifted to other lands, though a few
returned once Arab rule returned Egypt to a preeminent
position during the Middle Ages. In the intervening
centuries, drawn by Egypt's reputation for arcane lore, a
few Stargazers and even a Shadow Lord or two made brief
sojourns here in the hopes of gleaning wisdom or power
from the ancients. Perhaps not surprisingly, however, it
was the Bone Gnawers who best survived, even thrived,
in Egypt's hostile supernatural climate. Some less chari-
table than I may ascribe this success as much to dangerous
pacts with Cairo's Ratkin population, and even worse
creatures, than to their native abilities.

The Return of the Woff

And so Egypt was without Gaia's warriors — or at
least, any number of them —for generation upon genera-
tion. But times do change, and sometimes for the better.

Through empire, caliphate and crusade, Egypt's
vampiric population was able to maintain their preemi-
nence for over 2,000 years, but there was one thing they
could not prevent. Progress, so often our enemy, also
helped open Egypt to us once more. In the last two
centuries, under cover of the growing influx of foreigners,
Garou from various tribes began to build their numbers in
a manner unprecedented since the time of the pharaohs.
Certainly we Striders played no-small part in encourag-
ing this migration, not that it was all that difficult to do.
We dropped a few hints here and there that Egypt was a
vast storehouse of hidden treasures that would aid the

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

NN ee

Garou Nation in its war against the Wyrm. This is no lie,
so the manipulation involved is minor, especially since
we've been straightforward about the dangers involved.
Of course, our tribe was still relegated to the fringes by
Set's curse, so we've been cast in the unenviable position
as crass manipulators trying to get others to do our dirty
work, Fortunately we've proven ourselves enough in
other tribes' wars that we've earned a few favors.

Starting with Napoleon's invasion in the late 18"
century, our cause caught fire among certain segments
of the Garou population, especially those younger
wolves with something to prove. Their numbers in-
creased sharply in the second half of the 19 century as
improved transportation and Egypt's importance in
regional affairs again became apparent. We got a
smattering of Fianna during the British Occupation,
and some Get of Fenris arrived during subsequent
German forays in the region (though Garou of those
two tribes often came as colonialist oppressors and
were not necessarily disposed to help the native Garou).

Because of population pressuresand the small amount
of living space in Egypt, this resurgence could not go
unnoticed by the galls forever. We crossed swords as early
as the French invasion, and the number of "incidents"
between .us increased more-or-less in tune with the growth
of our numbers, though we were outnumbered by at least
five to one in those days and moved cautiously at first.
Meanwhile, I don't think that the vampires realized just
how many Garou were coming here. This was in part
because most of us were too busy dealing with other
Wyrm spawn in the Penumbra and getting the lay of the
land to engage the gals. This pattern continued more-or-
less unchanged for about 150 years, with us carving outa
niche for ourselves, trying to smooth things over with the
other local Fera and staging the occasional day raid on an
exposed vampire's lair.

Of course, the gdls have long memories, so our
conflict reached a slow burn that only intensified over
time. By the early 1900s they had pretty much figured that
our numbers were up and that we were making a play for
the region. Fortunately the infighting that goes on at your
average moot is nothing compared to what goes on
between the gals. Most of them would sooner be throated
while trying to outwit us on their own than to trust each
other. This seems particularly true in Egypt with Set's
tribe spreading mistrust and corruption as is their wont.
Nevertheless, in 1952 we gotamajorreminder of just how
dangerous they can be when they get their act together.

Lack Saturday (Tnouary, 4952)

After two world wars and decades of false starts,
independence was finally at hand for Egypt. People were
taking to the streets to demand that the British withdraw
once and for all. Students and the Muslim Brotherhood

|

A

WW es

oe

undertook a guerrilla war against them in the Suez Canal
Zone, and things escalated from there. The British at-
tacked an Egyptian police barracks at Al Ismailiyah,
killing fifty Egyptians and prompting the "Black Satur-
day" riots. The Cairene police got into the act, mutinying
against the British as rioting spread to other cities. By July
1952 the Free Officers had seized power from King Faruk
and formed the Revolutionary Command Council. That's
how things played out, at least as far as most people know.
As you are aware, however, such episodes sometimes
vents that don't make the history books.
Few such events, I have found, occur because of direct

camouflage

"supernatural" manipulation — by either us or other
paranormal agencies — but a lot of the times we'll hitch
aride on major social dislocation to carry out operations
that we wouldn't contemplate during calmer times.

His name was Shukri Lightning-on-the-Dunes. It
was, all things considered, a fitting name for the Glass
Walker Theurge who had been so successful against the
Wyrm spawn who had followed in the trail of Rommel's
Afrika Corps a few years before. | counted him among
my few friends, but his studies always pushed the enve-
lope ina dangerous fashion. Unfortunately, as is so often
the case with such men, the brilliant mystic had little

28 Rage Across Egypt

appreciation for the limitations of intellect. He sought
hidden lore in the Western Desert, a place that has long
been taboo for Egyptian Garou, and with good reason.
His first few expeditions unearthed some interesting
artifacts, but then he disappeared in 1943 and was not
seen again for seven years.

Upon his return he was vastly changed. Thin as the
sicklemoonand considerably aged, he neverthelesssee:
to crackle with spiritual energies. He claimed to have
wrung enlightenment from the forbidden desert. His first
iple" was his cousin, a charismatic young Philodox
named Youssef, who was no doubt partly responsible for
Shukri's impending celebrity. While there were skeptics,
within a year Shukri had ascended to near messianic
status. It was a heady time for Egypt. Shukri's rhetoric and
promises of victory struck a deep chord among many
Garou, especially gaining him disciples among the Bone
Gnawers, though at least two Fenrir and a trio of urban

med

Talons also joined his cause. (Ironically, his own tribe
largely dismissed him as a desert-addled primitive.)
Shukri promised hisadherentsamajor victory against
the Wyrm, and in Egypt—when one speaks of the Wyrm
—one is often as not speaking of the undead. One could
not fault Shukri's reasoning in this respect. The gals had


stolen our birthright and no Garou would truly be able to
call Egypt home again until their reign was at an end. But
we Striders knew the price of moving precipitously. Now,
we knew, was not the time. Both House Wiseheart and
we hotly contested Shukri's course in several moots, but
to no avail. A growing schism developed among the
tribes, and Shukri's followers closed themselves off to
develop their plans. | met him one last time after his
return and he asked me, as a friend, to aid his cause. Wise
Owl, however, had prophesied disaster for Shukri and
those swept up in his religious fervor a an event that
could prove catastrophic for all of Khem's Garou if things
went awry. | tried to caution him against his course, but
he would not listen. He left cursing me for a coward and
a fool; I never saw him again.

Shukri had gathered about 20 Garou for his cru-
sade. One of his follower's Kinfolk was placed high
enough in the military to gauge the prevailing political
winds. When the British police's actions ignited riots
in Cairo, Shukri and his associates were ready. The
initial action occurred in Cairo as sections of the city
went up in flames. The operation went smoothly at
first. As riots broke out on the 26, the raiders man-
aged to destroy several gals. Operating, almost inexpli-
cably, solely by night, the raiders seemed to wrest the
sunless hours from the gals. Killing over half a dozen
vampires the first two nights, and at first without any
deaths among his own followers, Shukri swiftly gained
a reputation as an untouchable warrior-prophet. The
third night, however, he killed several more gals, but
lost one of his warriors as well — Youssef. As things
would turn out, this was an ill omen of things to come.

Despite his holy reputation, in some circles rumors
had circulated that Shukri was an agent of the Wyrm, or
at least one of its pawns. I discount this theory, but
certainly what happened next couldn't have caused more
harm than if he had been a traitor from the start. By the
fourth night, the undead had evidently realized what was
happening and had either pulled up stakes or were laying
traps of their own, killing three more Garou (including a
Wiseheart observer who strayed too close to the action).
Shukri, meanwhile, was mad to avenge his cousin — his
mystic's reserve giving way to his werewolf Rage. Most of
the gals he had killed so far had been fairly young (at least
in vampire years) and this, apparently, made him even
more headstrong. Abruptly Shukri and his followers
pulled up stakes from Cairo and grabbed late night flight
to Alexandria where their "true target" lay.

Alexandria had been the Black Furies' dwelling
place since antiquity and, right or wrong, they had largely
foregone engaging the region'sgiilsin favor of targeting its
ubiquitous Banes. The Furies had ignored Shukri's cru-
sade as a Cairene phenomenon and were surprised to say

the least by his arrival. Shukri and his followers had

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

SN Ns ee

chosen a particularly potent gal for their final target, one
whose death, they hoped, would largely fragment Lower
Egypt's vampire population — and one against whom,
some speculate, Shukri had a personal grudge.

The details of the Alexandrian raid are obscure; there
were no reported survivors. Shukri and his adherents
attacked the creature and its followers in their lair. Noone
knows exactly what happened next. Apparently Shukri
and his warriors killed a number of giils, but Alexandria
has always been a stronghold for the undead. The attack-
ers were simply overwhelmed by the ancient Leech and its
minions, though subsequent activities indicate that at
least one very old vampire died in the attack. Several
Garou warriors were evidently taken prisoner and were
tortured to death, their corpses turning up uncomfortably
close to the Fury caern. I shudder to think what sort of
information the gals tore out of their prisoners. It is a
matter of some concern to us that a number of portents
have indicated that Shukri himself was the lone survivor
of the raid, ignobly abandoning his disciples to their fate
and fleeing back into the Western Desert. The truth of this
matter, or whether he still lives these 50 years later, is a
matter of hot debate in some circles. Accusations that he
was the Wyrm's pawn from the beginning persist. Despite
the number of gals killed during the riots, this was clearly
a loss for us and should serve as an object lesson about
moving prematurely in Egypt.

iy

In the aftermath of Black Saturday, vampiric coun-
termeasures have weakened the Garouasa whole. We lost
many good warriors (no matter how misguided) during
the riots, and several more to retributive strikes in the
years that followed. Our numbers have always been so
small in Egypt thatsucha loss crippled us for decades; we're
only now beginning to recover. No tribe was untouched,
but it was the Bone Gnawers who suffered the greatest
damage in numbers. After these events they closed their
ranks, avoiding even the few contacts they had main-
tained with the Glass Walkers and the Children of Gaia.

Further, the backlash from the raid opened the
Alexandrian Furies to retribution, their sept shrinking
to almost half its pre-1952 strength. The Furies were, to
put not too fine a point on it, furious at the Cairene
tribes forallowing their sept to be dragged into the battle
zone without their consent. Unsurprisingly, recrimina-
tions have continued to the present. Accusations of
Wyrm taint are a common invective they've aimed
against Cairo's Bone Gnawers, though truthfully there
is more evidence to this charge than just that coming
from the aggrieved Furies. The damage to inter-tribal
unity has, perhaps, outstripped even the loss of numbers.
House Wiseheart lost prestige for its perceived lack of
leadership in preventing the raids, though in truth there

|

Ser re re ere seer ors a nner a remmanewrena arenunsh:

ae AA

is little they could have done. To the extent they were
involved, the Red Talons have largely retreated back to
their Upper Egypt holdings and we Striders have lost
valuable allies in retaking our homeland.

Meanwhile, despite a continued growing influx of
foreign Garou, our fortunes have been spotty over the
last 50 years. A few successes against major Banes and
the recent recovery of an ancient Strider artifact have
been offset by sporadic clashes with the undead. De-
spite the setback of Black Saturday, most tribes' num-
bers have climbed steadily from the 1960s through the
present. Fortunately, most of these foreign Garou
don't bare the grudges left over from the '50s, though
the natives often try to infect them with their preju-
dices. Perhaps once we Striders may have balked at the
idea of inviting even our fellow Garou hither-and-yon
into "our" land, but most of us recognize that without
their aid it will remain forever closed to us.

Two things more, for I sense the Umbral wheel
beginning to turn; I will soon be called from this place
tol know not where. Over the last few decades, we have
improved our relations with some of the nation's other
Fera (the recent Ahadi helps immeasurably). The Chil-
dren of Gaia and the Stargazers have performed nosmall
service in this matter and it is vital that nothing occurs
to damage these growing ties, especially our growing
rapprochement with the Bubasti. Despite this good
news, however, our enemies still sorely outnumber us. I
understand that the vampire "prince" of Cairo has, in
part, made his reputation by keeping Garou out of the
city. He lies, of course; we are there, and in growing
numbers, but the gills still outnumber by as many as
three to one, so we've kept a low profile since Black
Saturday. Nevertheless, there are many of us who live
for the day we can pull him out of his sarcophagus and
show him just how successful he's been.

Finally, we Striders have suffered a major blow in the
past year. Banished from Egypt, we nonetheless held onto
our homeland by a tenuous spiritual reed. Ta-tchesert,
our Umbral homerealm, has been the heart of our tribe
since near the beginning. Rarely visited, because of its
remote location in the far reaches of Duat, it nevertheless
served as a spiritual anchor for our dispossessed tribe. In
the last year, however, a great maelstrom of some sort
swept through Duat, smashing the old airts and dispersing
Ta-tchesert's inhabitants to the four winds. My sister,
keeper of old Alexandria's lore, lies stricken in her tower
while] —once guardian of the hidden roads—have been
cast to the winds, unable to return home or to stay in any
one place for long. The air is thick with storm clouds at
this, the beginning of the 21" and, perhaps, final century.
Egypt was in many ways the birthplace of civilization and
at this dark corridor end of history, it may be Egypt where

we find the answers to save it.

3

a

Rage Across Egypt

Phynan Phitory

Even a comprehensive timeline can only give the
barest hint of the scope and flavor of Egypt's truly
ancient history. Exact dating of the Egyptian dynasties
is impossible; the chronology shown here is only one of
several used by historians.

Anihent Eff

Little is known of the earliest Egyptian settle-
ments, though some evidence indicates the first cereal
grains being cultivated there as early as 15,000 BCE, in
the late Paleolithic or early Neolithic era. Near-East-
ern Neolithic tribes build up the first farming commu-
nities around 6500 BCE, soon developing agriculture,
religion and hieroglyphic writing.

Preypatthe Perle,

Upper Egypt

Badarian (4500-4000 BCE): The Badarian people
live on the Nile in the El-Ham-mamiya, El-Matman, El-
Mostagedda, and the cliffs of the El-Badani. Living in
hide tents or huts, they are skilled farmers and crafters.

Nagada I (4000-3500 BCE): Amratian. Thepeople
of this cultural sequence are located from Dier Tasa to
Nubia, including Heirakonpolis, Naquada and Abydos.

Nagada II (3500-3000 BCE): Gerzean. A semi-
nomadic cultural sequence ranging from the Delta to
the Nubian border, this grouping includes traders, arti-
sans and metallurgists (copper, gold and silver), and
develops advanced cultural institutions and traditions.

Lower Egypt

Faiyum A (4400-3900 BCE): A migratory culture
on the northem shores of an ancient lake in the Faiyum
district. The Faiyum people survive by farming and fishing.

Merimde (4300-3700 BCE): A site on the west-
ern edge of the Nile Delta, the people of this culture
build semi-subterranean residences.

El Omari (3700-3400 BCE): Located near the
Wadi Hof, between modern Cairo and Helwan, very
little is known of this tribal grouping.

Ma'adi (3400-3000 BCE): Located over a large
area northwest of the El Omari sequence location, the
Ma'adi people are farmers, rudimentary metallurgists
(copper) and traders with contacts reaching Naquada
Il, and even the Mediterranean.

Early Dynastic Period (3000-2686 BCE)

1st Dynasty (3000-2890 BCE): Menes (Nafrmer)
unifies the separate kingdoms of Lower and Upper
Egypt, establishing his capital at Memphis. This period
witnesses trade with Mediterranean cities, the devel-
opment of irrigation and the calendar.

a aT,


2nd Dynasty (2890-2686 BCE): Rebellions and
wars continue as Khafsekhemwy completes the unifi-
cation process. Osirian cults become popular.

Old Kingdom (2686-2181 BCE)

3rd Dynasty (2686-2613 BCE): Also called the
Pyramid Age, the Third Dynasty reaches a high level
of achievement. The age is associated with Chancellor
Imhotep, adviser and architect of Pharaoh Djoser.
Northern Nubia comes under Egyptian domination.

4th Dynasty (2613-2494 BCE): By the Fourth
Dynasty, there is a grand vizier or chief minister who
heads every government department. Snoferu builds
the first true pyramid. His successor, Khufu, builds the
Great Pyramid at Giza. Nubian and Libyan campaigns
expand Egyptian borders.

5th Dynasty (2494-2345 BCE): The power of
provincial lords increases, particularly in Upper Egypt.
Art and architecture flower.

6th Dynasty (2345-2181 BCE): Nubian expedi-
tions increase. Unrest brings about the collapse of the
central administration. A century and a half of civil
war ensues.

First Intermediate Period (2181-2040 BCE)

In the absence of central authority, feudal land-
owners take control. This period of decentralized rule
and confusion lasts from the Seventh through the
Eleventh dynasties.

7th Dynasty (2181-2173 BCE): Memphite
Dynasty.

8th Dynasty (2173-2160 BCE): Period of noble
territorial rule.

9th Dynasty (2160-2130 BCE): Herakleopolitan
clan unites.

10th Dynasty (2130-2040 BCE): Instructions
written for Merikaref, a code of pharaonic leadership.

11th Dynasty (2133-2040 BCE): Theban Dy-
nasty, Inyotef clan rules as contemporaries of
Herakleopolitan kings. Thebans begin war to regain
all of Egypt.

Middle Kingdom (2040-1786 BCE)

The reestablishment of a powerful central govern-
ment during the Twelfth Dynasty briefly re-institutes
the patterns of the Old Kingdom.

11th Dynasty (2040-1991 BCE): All of Egypt.
Mentuhotpe II defeats the Herakleopolitan king.

12th Dynasty (1991-1786 BCE): Amenemhet |
assumes the throne. Faiyum is restored with hydraulics.
Forts are built to the Third cataract of the Nile; the canal
is restored at the first cataract. Copper and gold mines are
discovered. The Middle Kingdom ends with the conquest
of Egypt by the Hyksos, the so-called Shepherd Kings.

Second Intermediate Period (1786-1567 BCE)

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

a

NN ee

13th Dynasty (1786-1633 BCE): The nomadic
Hyksos (Semitic nomads) break into the Delta from
the Northeast and rule Egypt from Avaris in the
eastern Delta.

14th Dynasty (1786-1603 BCE): Hyksos rule.
Xois line of kings.

15th Dynasty (1674-1567 BCE): Hyksos rule.
Horse, chariots, shaduf (an irrigation device) and
bronze weapons introduced.

16th Dynasty (1684-1567 BCE): Hyksos rule.

17th Dynasty (1650-1567 BCE): Theban kings
tule over Upper Egypt. Campaigns begin against Hyksos
tule. Nubian mercenaries are used in the army.

New Kingdom (1570-1085 BCE)

During the New Kingdom, Egypt reaches the peak
of its power, wealth and territory.

18th Dynasty (1570-1320 BCE): The country is
liberated from the Hyksos and unified by Ahmose (1570-
1546 BCE). Amenhotep I (1525-1504 BCE) opens the
Valley of the Kings. Thebes becomes the capital. Through
the intensive military campaigns of Pharaoh Thutmose
III (1490-1436 BCE), Palestine, Syria and the northern
Euphrates area in Mesopotamia are brought into the New
Kingdom. Queen Hatshepsut (1473-1458 BCE) is par-
ticularly devoted to the worship of the god Amun,
building temples to him and to her own funerary cult at
Dayr al Bahri in western Thebes. The cult of the sun god
Ra becomes increasingly important, culminating in the
proto-monotheism of Pharaoh Akhenaten (Amenhotep
IV, 1364-1347 BCE). Akhenaten and his wife, Queen
Nefertiti, move the capital to Amara (present-day Tel
al Amara). Akhenaten'ssuccessor, Tutankhamen (1347-
1337 BCE), returns Egypt to the old ways. Akhenaten's
new city is abandoned to the desert sands. Horemhab
(1319-1307 BCE) further expands the empire.

19th Dynasty (1320-1200 BCE): Ramessids
regains lost land, but clashes with Hittites. Rameses II
(1290-1224 BCE) is the most vigorous builder to wear
the double crown of Egypt. Nearly half the temples
remaining in Egypt date from his reign.

20th Dynasty (1200-1085 BCE): Pirates, Sea
Peoples and Lybians are defeated. Priests of Amon
attempt to usurp the throne. Under Hittite pressure,
Egyptian power declines at home and abroad. Egypt is
once more separated into Upper and Lower kingdoms.

Third Intermediate Period (1085-712 BCE)

21st Dynasty (1085-945 BCE): During the
Twenty-first Dynasty, the pharaohs rule from Tanis
(San al Hajar al Qibliyah), while a virtually autono-
mous theocracy controls Thebes. Egyptian control in
Nubia and Ethiopia ends.

22nd Dynasty (945-730 BCE) and 23rd Dy-
nasty (817-730 BCE): Libyan rule.

—

1

|

|

24th Dynasty (720-714 BCE): There is prosper-
ity and a cultural revival, accompanied by large scale
Greek settlement.

25th Dynasty (770-712 BCE): The pharaohs of
the Twenty-fifth dynasty are Nubians and Ethiopians.

Late Dynastic Period (712-332 BCE)

The Late Period is the last era during which ancient
Egypt functions as an independent political entity.

25th Dynasty (712-657 BCE): The pharaohs of
the Twenty-fifth dynasty are Nubians and Ethiopians.
The dynasty encompasses all of Egypt. The Assyrians
defeat the Ethiopian King Taharka and then sack both
Thebes and Memphis.

26th Dynasty (664-525 BCE): The Twenty-
sixth Dynasty is founded by Psammethichus I, who
ejects the Assyrians with the help of Greek mercenar-
ies and makes Egypt a powerful and united kingdom —
the last great age of pharaonic civilization.

27th Dynasty (525-404 BCE): Egypt becomes a
province in the far-flung Persian (Achaemenid) Empire.

28th Dynasty (404-399 BCE): With Greek
help, Egypt regains an uneasy independence.

29th Dynasty (399-380 BCE): Internal crises.
The delta remains the center of power.

30th Dynasty (380-343 BCE): Internal crises.

31st Dynasty (343-332 BCE): The second Per-
sian occupation,

The Ptolemaic Dynasty (323-30 BCE): Alexander
the Great defeats the Persians at the Battle of Issus in 332
BCE and becomes king of Egypt, founding the city of
Alexandria. Alexander dies of malarial fever in 323 BCE.
Peolemy I Soter (323-282 BCE) adds Cyrene, Palestine,
Cyprus and parts of Asia Minor coast to the realm, and
constructs the great museum and library at Alexandria.
Ptolemy II (282-246 BCE) builds the lighthouse at Pharos.
Under Ptolemy III (246-221 BCE) Alexandriareaches its
height of splendor. A canal to the Red Sea is opened and
Greek sailors explore new trade routes. During Cleopatra's
reign, Egypt again becomes a factor in Mediterranean
politics. After her defeat at Actium in 31 BCE, Cleopatra
chooses to die by the bite of an asp.

Roman and Byzantine Rule (30 BCE - AD 640)

With the establishment of Roman rule by Emperor
Augustus in 30 BCE, more than six centuries of Roman and
Byzantine control begins. According to some Christian
traditions, St, Mark brings Christianity to Egypt in AD 37-
45. The Coptic Church in Alexandria is founded in ap-
proximately AD 40 and spreads throughout Egypt by the
second century. Septimius Severus's edict of 202 dissolves
the Christian School of Alexandria and forbids future
conversions to Christianity. In 212 Rome gives the Egyp-
tians citizenship in the empire. A renaissance of imperial

3,

. i,

ee 27 eee

authority and effectiveness takes place under Emperor
Diocletian (284-305), whoalsolaunchesa violent persecu-
tion of Christians known as the Era of Martyrs (303-306).

In 312 Emperor Constantine (324-337) establishes
Christianity as the official religion of the empire. In 313
the Edict of Milan establishes freedom of worship. In 330
Constantine establishes his capital at Byzantium, re-
named Constantinople (present-day Istanbul). In 324
the ecumenical Council of Nicea establishes the patri-
archate of Alexandria, In 392 Theodosis I declares Chris-
tianity the official religion of the Roman Empire. Parti-
tionofRoman Empire into Eastand West (395), notional
date for beginning of the Byzantine Empire. The Council
of Chalcedon in 451 initiates the great schism, separating
the Egyptian Coptic Church from Catholic Christendom.

Medboval Egypt

Note: All dates are according to the Western
Calendar.

Arab Rule

For the next two centuries Egypt is a province ruled
byaline of governors appointed by the caliphs in the East.
Egypt provides grain and tax revenue; most Egyptians
convert to Islam, adopting Arabic language and culture.

The Arab Conquest (639-41): Amr ibn al As
crosses into Egypt on December 12, 639. In July the
Arab and Byzantine armies meet on the plains of
Heliopolis. Byzantine held Babylon falls to the Arabs
on April 9, 641. Alexandria surrenders in November.
The Arab conquerors reinstate the Coptic patriarch.
Amr moves the capital south to a new city called Al
Fustat (present-day Old Cairo).

Umayyad Caliphate (661-750): With its capital in
Damascus, the Umayyad Caliphate rules over a united
Arab empire stretching from the borders of China to the
shores of the Atlantic and up into France. Shiite dissent,
combined with tensions resulting from the incorporation
of non-Arabs (Persians and others), into the Islamic
community finally brought an end to Umayyad rule.

Abbasid Caliphate (750-868): The Abbasids suc-
ceed to the caliphate and rule the Arab world from
Baghdad, weakening central control over Egypt. The
Abbasid Caliphate declines in the ninth century and
local autonomous dynasties arise. Several Coptic re-
volts occur during this period. Losing direct control of
Egypt in 868, Abbasid Caliphate itselfeventually comes
to an end with the Mongol sack of Baghdad in 1258.

The Tulinid Dynasty (868-905): Ahmad ibn
Tulun, an Abbasid Governor, inaugurates the autonomy
of Egypt, greatly reducing the drain of revenue from the
country to Baghdad. The Tulinid state ends in 905 when
Abbasid troopsenter Al Fustat. For the next thirty years,
Egypt is again under the direct control of Baghdad.

Rage Across Egypt

tele icy </


The Ikhshidid Dynasty (935-969): This au-
tonomous dynasty rules Egypt until the Fatimid con-
quest of 969. The Tulinids and the Ikhshidids bring
Egypt peace and prosperity by pursuing wise agrarian
policies, eliminating tax abuses and by reforming the
administration. Neither the Tulinidsnorthe Ikhshidids
seek to withdraw Egypt from the Islamic Empire headed
by the caliph in Baghdad, (In 909 the Shi'a Fatimid
Caliphate is established in North Africa.)

The Fatimid Dynasty (969-1168): The Tunisian
Fatimids seek total independence from Baghdad and chal-
lenge the Sunni Abbasids for the caliphate itself. Egypt
becomes the center of a vast empire, comprising North
Africa, Sicily, Palestine, Syria, the Red Sea coast of Africa,
Yemen, and the Hijaz in Arabia (including the holy cities
of Mecca and Medina). The Fatimids foster both agricul-
ture and industry. Egypt becomes a center of world trade.

Saladin and the Ayyubid Dynasty (1168-1260):
In 1168 crusaders attack Egypt and are driven from
Jerusalem and most of Palestine by the Salah ad Din
ibn Ayyub, known in the West as Saladin, Saladin
abolishes the Fatimid Caliph d reincorporates
Egypt into the Abbasid Caliphate. In 1193 Saladin
dies in Damascus. Economically the Ayyubid period is

one of growth and prosperity. Egypt becomes a center
of Arab scholarship and literature.

The Mamluks (1250-1517): In Egypt the last
Ayyubid sultan dies in 1250; Mamluk generals seize the
sultanate. In 1258 Mongol invaders kill the last Abbasid
caliph in Baghdad. In 1259 a Mongol army enters Syria.
The Mamluk Sultan Qutuz defeats the Mongols in 1260.
Between 1260 and 1517, Mamluk sultans rule an empire
that stretches from Egypt to Syria, including the holy
cities of Mecca and Medina. By the fourteenth century,
Cairo is the religious center of the Muslim world.

Egypt Under the Ottoman Empire (1517-1760):
In 1517 the Ottoman sultan Selim I (1512-20) con-
quers Egypt, defeating the Mamluk forces at Ar
Raydaniyah. Although militarily defeated, Mamluk
power remains strong. Struggle between the Ottomans
and the Mamluks for control of Egypt — and compe-
tition among rival Mamluk houses for control of the
beylicate — lasts until the late eighteenth century.

Nowtrn €jyff

The Neo-Mamluk Beylicate (1760-98): Political
and military power is consolidated in the hands of the

Mamluk Ali Bey al Kabir (1760-66) and his successor,


Seer crv eraen ereenn aren on arr amma sensrwremsmnsarenseh

A S74

Muhammad Bey Abu adh Dhahab (1772-75). Ali Bey
invades Syria and opens the Port of Suez to European
shipping. The Neo-Mamluk Beylicate effectively elimi-
nates Ottoman control and repositions Egypt as a cen-
tral power. Unsuccessful attempts by the Ottomans to
reestablish the empire's control occur (1786-91). Waves
of famine and plague hit Egypt between 1784 and 1792.

The French Invasion and Occupation (1798-
1801): On July 1, 1798, a French invasion force under
Napoleon takes Alexandria, defeats the Mamluk army
and enters Cairo on July 25. The French control only the
Delta and Cairo; Upper Egypt remains the preserve of
the Mamluks and the Bedouins. The British and Otto-
man governments join forces to drive Napoleon out of
Egypt. On August 1, 1798, the British fleet under Lord
Nelson annihilates the French ships at anchor at Abu
Qir. On October 21, the people of Cairo riot against the
French. On August 22, 1799 Napoleon secretly leaves
Egypt. The French forces in Cairo surrender to an
Anglo-Ottoman force on June 18, 1801 and in Alexan-
dria on September 3. In the invasion's wake, French
scholars publish the exhaustive Description de l' Egypte
(1809-28), opening Egypt to Western eyes.

Muhammad Ali (1805-48): After the French
leave Egypt, hostilities break out between Ottoman and
Mamluk forces. By 1805 Muhammad Ali gains domi-
nance and becomes governor of Egypt. In March 1811,
Muhammad Ali has sixty-four Mamluks, including
twenty-four beys, assassinated. Muhammad Ali greatly
expands agricultural and industrial development. His
invasion of Syria in 1831, and his attempt to break away
from the Ottoman Empire, jeopardizes British regional
interests. The great powers (Britain, France, Austria,
Russia and Prussia) ally with the Ottoman government
to drive Egyptian forces from Syria. A British fleet
bombards Beirut in September 1840, anda British naval
force anchors off Alexandria. The Treaty of 1841 strips
Egypt of all its conquered territory except Sudan.
Muhammad Ali loses power in 1848 and dies in 1849.

Abbas Hilmi I (1848-54): Abbas Hilmi I discon-
tinues Muhammad Ali's development plans. The Brit-
ish builda railroad line between Alexandria and Cairo.
Regular steamship services link Britain to India via
Alexandria, Suez and Bombay.

Said (1854-63): Said revives agriculture, irriga-
tion and education projects begun by Muhammad Ali.
In 1854 Said initiates construction of the Suez Canal.

Khedive Ismail (1863-79): Ismail seeks Egyptian
independence from the Ottoman Empire. He increases
agricultural productivity, chiefly by bringing more land
into cultivation through expensive irrigation projects.
Roads, bridges, railways, harbors, and telegraph lines are
constructed. Towns and cities are modernized with

3

—

Rage Across Egypt

water distribution, transport, street lighting and gas
supply. Public education is reorganized and expanded,
anda postal service is established. The army and bureau-
cracy are expanded and modernized. In short, Ismail
constructs the infrastructure of a modern state.

By 1875 Egypt is 100 million in debt. In that year,
Ismail sells his shares in the Suez Canal Company, making
the British government the largest shareholder in the
company. Opposition to European intervention in Egypt's
internal affairs increases. The European powers, particu-
larly Britain and France, pressure the Ottoman sultan to
dismiss Ismail in favor of hisson Tawfiq. Ismail leaves Egypt
for exile in Naples and Istanbul, where he dies in 1895.

Khedive Tawfiq (1879-1892): In July 1880, the
Law of Liquidation is adopted, limiting Egypt to 50
percent of its total revenues. The rest goes to the Caisse
de la Dette Publique to service the debt. A secret society
of Egyptian army officers lead by Colonel Ahmad Urabi
comes into existence in 1876. Beginning in 1881, the
army officers demonstrate their strength and ability to
intimidate the khedive. Urabi joins the government as
undersecretary for war. These developments alarm the
European powers, particularly Britain and France, who
agree on a joint show of naval strength. Violent anti-
European riots break out in Alexandria.

In July 1882, the British fleet bombards Alexandria.
The British install Khedive Tawfiq in the Ras at Tin
Palace. The khedive declares Urabi a rebel and deprives
him ofhis political rights. Urabi in tum obtainsa religious
ruling, a fatwa, deposing Tawfiq as a traitor, and declares
war on Britain. In August Sir Garnet Wolsley and an
army of 20,000 invades the Suez Canal Zone and routs the
Urabi forces at Tal al Kabir on September 13, 1882. The
nominal authority of the khedive is restored, and the
British occupation of Egypt begins.

Brith Coompatton (4882-1956)

The khedival government provides a facade of
autonomy, but Egypt becomes part of the British Empire
(though never officially a colony). Between 1883 and
the outbreak of World War I in 1914, there are three
British consuls general in Egypt: Lord Cromer (1883-
1907), SirJohn Eldon Gorst (1907-11) and Lord Herbert
Kitchener (1911-14). Between 1899 and 1907, at least
seven workers' associations are formed, focusing on
conditions and pay. The unions, like the nationalist
movement, are severely repressed by the government.

In 1906 the Dinshawi Incident intensifies anti-
British sentiments. In 1907 two political parties are
formed: Kamil's National Party (also known as the
Watani Party) and the People's Party (Al Hizb al
Umma or Umma Party). The National Party is consid-
ered "extremist" because of its demand for the imme-

—————ayy


diate withdrawal of the British, while the Umma Party
favors a gradual approach to independence.

World War I: On October 29, 1914, the Ottoman
Empire enters World War I on the side of the Central
Powers. The British declare Egypt a protectorate, severing
the country from the Ottoman Empire. Britain deposes
Khedive Abbas (1892-1913), who is suspected of pro-
German sympathies. British actions during the war cause
widespread hardship and resentment. Specifically, these
include Britain's purchase of cotton and requisitioning of
fodder at below market prices, forcible recruitmentofabout
500,000 peasants and its use of the country as a garrison.

The 1919 Revolution and its Aftermath: When
the war ends, the nationalists press the British for
independence. On November 13, 1918, thereafter
celebrated in Egyptas Yawmal Jihad (Day of Struggle),
Egypt demands complete independence. In March
1919 the Egyptians form adelegation, Al Wafd al Misti
(known as the Wafd), headed by Prime Minister Saad
Zaghlul. On March 8, the British arrest the delegation,
sparking the popular uprising of March-April 1919
among Egyptians of all social classes. On March 16,
between 150 and 300 upper-class Egyptian women in
veils stage a demonstration against the British occupa-
tion, an event that marks the entrance of Egyptian
women into public life. Negotiations lead to the re-
lease of the Wafd leaders and a halt to the demonstra-
tions. The subsequent Milner-Zaghlul Agreement in
1921 sets the stage for eventual independence.

Party Politics (1924-39): Political power during
this period consists of the king (King Fuad 1), the Wafd,
and the British. During the 1930s, Ismail Sidgi emerges
as the "strong man" of Egyptian politics. He abolishes
the constitution in 1930 and drafts another that en-
hances the power of the monarch. On April 28, 1936,
King Fuad dies and is succeeded by his son, Faruk. The
Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936 provides for an Anglo-
Egyptian defense alliance that allows Britain to main-
tain a garrison of 10,000 men in the Suez Canal Zone.
The treaty produces a wave of anti-Wafdist and anti-
British demonstrations. During the 1930s, support for
the Wafd is eroded by more aggressive, paramilitary
organizations. The Muslim Brotherhood (founded 1928)
attributes difficulties in Islamic society to deviation
from ideals of early Islam. Young Egypt (founded 1933)
emulates Nazi Germany and organizes a paramilitary
movement called the Green Shirts.

Egypt During WWII (1939-45): During World
War II, supposedly neutral Egypt plays host to many
Allied armies pushed out of Europe. In September
1940, the Italian army invades Egypt, but within two
monthsis driven into Libya. In spring of 1941 Rommel's
Afrika Korps invades in force, leading to heated com-

—————E——E

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

INN eee

bat that see-saws back and forth until Rommel suffers
a major defeat at El Alamein (Oct. 23-Nov. 4, 1942).
Unexploded landmines remain a danger around El
Alamein to this day. The Wafdist government falls in
1944; the elections of 1945 bring a government of
Liberal Constitutionalists and Saadists to power.

Cold War (1945-52): Concerned by Soviet ex-
pansion, the West sees the Middle East as a vital
element in its postwar strategy of "containment," stress-
ingthe vital importance of the Suez Canal. In December
1945, the Egyptians request the evacuation of British
troops from the country. Britain refuses. Mass riots
ensue in Cairo and Alexandria. The British withdraw
troops to the Suez Canal Zone. The Brotherhood called
for strikes and a jihad (holy war) against the British.

In 1948 David Ben-Gurion establishes the State of
Israel in Tel Aviv. Arab armies, including Egypt's,
enter Palestine and are defeated, though Egypt takes
the Gaza Strip. Scandals ensue over the poor leader-
ship of the Egyptian army. The Committee of the Free
Officers' Movement forms in 1949; in 1950 Gamal
Abdul Nasser is elected chairman. In January 1950,
the Wafd returns to power.

In October 1951, the Wafd party unilaterally
abrogates the Anglo-Egyptian Treaty of 1936, pro-
claiming Faruk king of Egypt and Sudan. Students and
the Brotherhood undertake a guerrilla war against the
British. The British attack an Egyptian police barracks
at Ismailiya (Al Ismailiyah). Fifty Egyptians are killed,
prompting "Black Saturday" on January 26, 1952. The
Cairene police mutiny and there are widespread riots.

On July 23-26, 1952 the Free Officers seize power
from King Faruk and form the Revolutionary Command
Council (RCC). On January 17, 1953, all political
parties except for the RCC are banned. In February
1953, the Egyptian government agrees to a plan for self-
determination for Sudan. The Sudanese opt for inde-
pendence rather than union with Egypt. On June 18,
1953, Egypt is declared a republic and the monarchy
abolished. Nasser outlaws the Muslim Brotherhood in
February 1954. By October 1954, Nasser signs an agree-
ment providing for the withdrawal of all British troops.
In February 1955, the Israeli army attacks Egyptian
military outposts in Gaza. Increasingly in conflict with
Israel and the West, Nasser negotiates an arms agree-
ment with Czechoslovakia in September 1955.

Tripartite Invasion: On July 26, 1956, Egypt takes
over the Suez Canal, prompting an invasion of Egypt by
Britain, France and Israel. On October 28, Israeli troops
cross the frontier into the Sinai Peninsula. British bomb-
ing destroys the Egyptian airforce. Egyptis briefly invaded
and occupied. Near universal condemnation of the Tri-

5

mane

|

Seer eves ren rn erence are emer a remem wremameerenseh

ne AA

partite Invasion (including censure by both the United
States and Soviet Union) forces the three countries to
withdraw. A United Nations Emergency Force (UNEF)
arrives at the Gulf of Aqaba and remains until 1967.
Soviet influence in Egypt increases, stemming from So-
viet financing of the Aswan High Dam construction and
Soviet arms sales to Egypt. Egypt becomes the corner-
stone of the Soviet Union's Middle East policy.

Egyptian/Syrian Union (1958-61): A plebiscite
briefly unifies the two countries and Cairo becomes capi-
tal of the United Arab Republic with Nasser as president.

Egyptian/Yemen Union (1958-61): A plebiscite
briefly unifies the two countries as the United Arab States.

1961-1966: In July 1961, Nasser announces a list
of nationalizations that continue in successive waves
through 1963. In 1962 a military coup overthrows the
royalist government in Yemen. Nasser intervenes to
support the new republican government against the
Saudi-backed royalists. At the height of its involve-
ment, Egypt has 75,000 troops in Yemen. Egypt's inter-
vention lasts until its defeat in the June 1967 War. In
1964, Arab summits in Cairo and Casablanca create the
Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) with units
stationed in Egypt, Syria and Iraq. In November 1966,
Egypt and Syria sign a five-year defense pact; the same
month Israeli forces cross into the West Bank of Jordan
in retaliation for Palestinian guerrilla raids.

The June 1967 War: In April serious Israeli-Syrian
air clashes occur over Syrian air space. On May 16 Nasser
expels the UNEF. Israel regards this as a hostile act.
Jordan and Iraq sign defense agreements with Egypt. On
June 5, Israel launches a full-scale attack on Egypt, Jordan
and Syria. In three hours, at least 300 of Egypt's 430
combat aircraft are destroyed. Israeli ground forces make
a lightning strike into Sinai and by June 8 reach the Suez
Canal. By June 11, total Arab defeat gives Israel control
over all of historic Palestine, including the Old City of
Jerusalem, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip, as well as
Sinai and part of the Golan Heights of Syria.

At an Arab summit in Khartoum in September
1967, Nasser agrees to stop his attempts to destabilize
the Saudi regime; Saudi Arabia promises aid to Egypt.
Arab proclamation of "the three no's" of the Khartoum
summit: No peace with Israel, no negotiations, no
recognition. In November, the UN Security Council
unanimously adopts Resolution 242. This resolution
(still not implemented in 2001) calls for Israel to with-
draw "from territories occupied in the recent conflict."

1968: In May 1968, Egypt agrees to accept Reso-
lution 242 if Israel agrees to evacuate all occupied
areas. By accepting the resolution, Egypt implicitly
recognizes the existence (and the right to continued
existence) of Israel. In return Egypt gains a UN com-

3

—_—

Rage Across Egypt

mitment to the restoration of Sinai. Syria characterizes
the plan as a "sellout" of Arafat and the PLO. Israel
rejects the resolution. In 1969 PLO leader Arafat's
open criticism of the parties accepting the truce leads
Nasser to expel many PLO activists from Egypt. Yasir
Arafat takes control of the PLO from the Arab League.

War of Attrition (March 1969 to August 1970):
The Egyptian artillery attacks Israeli positions. Israel
constructs the Bar-Ley Line and uses its air force
(American made Phantoms) to silence the Egyptian
artillery. By January 1970, Israeli planes fly at will over
eastern Egypt, prompting Nasser to request that the
Soviets establish an air defense. The Soviet Union
sends between 10,000 and 15,000 Soviet troops and
advisers to Egypt. Superpower tensions flare, but the
Rogers Plan leads to a cease-fire by August 7, 1970.

In September 1970, Jordanian civil war breaks
out. King Hussein launches a major military drive
against the Jordan-based PLO. Syria sends an armored
force into Jordan to support the guerrillas. The United
States and Israel offer assistance to King Hussein.
Nasser calls for a Cairo Summit to stop the civil war.
Jordan decisively repulses the Syrians, although PLO
forces are not pushed out of Jordan until July 1971. On
September 27, 1970, Hussein and Arafat agree to a
fourteen-point cease-fire under Nasser's mediation,
officially ending the war; Nasser dies the next day.

Sadat (1970-81)

On February 4, 1971, Sadat signals willingness to
sign a treaty with Israel in return for a partial Israeli
withdrawal from Sinai. The initiative is rebuffed in Tel
Aviv and in Washington. In May, Sadat proclaims the
"Corrective Revolution," arresting the vice president
and 100 other important figures of the Nasser era, and
charging them with plotting a coup against the gov-
ernment. Sadat signs the Soviet-Egyptian Treaty of
Friendship and Cooperation on May 27, 1971 while
simultaneously planning to expel the Soviet advisers.
The completion of the Aswan High Dam in 1971 and
the resulting Lake Nasser alter the time-honored place
of the Nile River in the agriculture and ecology of
Egypt. On July 17, 1972, Sadat expels Soviet advisers.

October 1973 (The Yom Kippur/Ramadan War):
On October 6, 1973, Egyptian forces launch a successful
surprise attack across the Suez Canal. The Syrians carry
out an attack on Israel at the same time. President Nixon
pushes an emergency military airlift of arms to Israel.
Saudi Arabia decrees a complete suspension of all oil
shipments to the United States. After initial confusion,
Israel counterattacks and succeeds in crossing tothe West
Bank of the canal and surrounding the Egyptian Third
Army; Sadat appeals to the Soviet Union for help. On
October 22, the UN Security Council passes Resolution

ne


338, calling for a cease-fire. Egypt accepts the cease-fire,
but Israel, alleging Egyptian violations, completes the
encirclement of the Third Army. On October 24, the
Soviet Union threatens that if the United States is not
prepared tojoin in sending forces to impose the cease-fire,
the Soviet Union will act alone. The United States
responds by ordering a grade-three nuclear alert, the first
of its kind since the Cuban missile crisis of 1962.

A UN emergency force arrives in the battle zone to
police the cease- fire. Negotiations toward a permanent
cease-fire begin in December 1973, resulting ina partial
Israeli withdrawal from Sinai and limiting the number
of troops and kinds of weapons Egypt can have on the
eastern side of the canal. Israel agrees to withdraw from
the Abu Rudays oil fields in western Sinai. Egypt also
agrees not to use force to achieve its aims, a concession
that effectively makes Egypt a nonbelligerent in the
Arab-Israeli conflict. As the price for its agreement,
Israel extracts important concessions from the United
States which promises to meet Israel's military needs in
any emergency, preserve Israel's arms superiority, and
pledging not to recognize or to negotiate with the PLO.
On June 5, 1975, the Suez Canal is reopened.

In April 1974, Sadat introduces infitah ("open door"
economics), allowing increased foreign investment in
Egypt, greater private sector economic participation and
relaxed currency regulations. The leaders of the Muslim
Brotherhood are freed along with other political prison-
ers. In 1975 Sadat permits the establishment of three
groupings in the ASU. These express the opinions of the
left (National Progressive Unionist Party; NPUP), the
right (the Socialist Liberal Organization, SLO; later the
Liberal or Ahrar Party), and the center (Arab Socialist
Organization). The Wafd, Muslim Brotherhood,
Nasserites and communists lack representation. In the
October 1976 election, the pro-government center plat-
form wins an overwhelming majority.

In July 1977, Sadat establishes his own party, the
National Democratic Party (NDP); the Arab Socialist
Organization merges with NDP. Sadat also wants a
more pliable left-wing opposition party, so the Social-
ist Labor Party (Amal) is founded with Sadat's brother-
in-law as vice president. Sadat also allows comparative
freedom to the Muslim Brotherhood. The movement
away from a one-party system matches Egypt's turn
away from the Soviet Union and toward the United
States. In January 1977, protesting corruption and
pooreconomic conditions, Egyptians take to the streets
in the biggest upheaval since the 1919 riots.

Peace with Israel: November 19, 1977, in re-
sponse to an invitation from Begin, Sadat journeys
to Jerusalem. In December 1977, Egypt and Israel

SES

Chapter One: The Ancient Land

Ne

begin peace negotiations in Cairo. On September
17, 1978 Camp David Accords are reached. The
Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty is signed on March 26,
1979. Israel agrees to withdraw from Sinai; normal
diplomatic and trade relations are established and
Israeli ships pass unhindered through the canal. A
multinational observer force is stationed in Sinai.
The Camp David Accords make Sadat a hero in
Europe and the United States; in the Arab world, he
is almost universally condemned. Arab states sus-
pend all official aid and sever diplomatic relations.
Egypt is expelled from the Arab League.

In later years Sadat becomes increasingly auto-
cratic. In September 1981, he orders the biggest roundup
of his opponents since he came to power. On October
6, members of the Al Jihad movement, a group of
religious extremists, assassinate Sadat.

Mubarak (1981 —)

On October 24, 1981, Sadat's handpicked successor,
Husni Mubarak, is overwhelmingly approved in a na-
tional referendum. Slowly, parties and newspapers begin
to function again, and political opponents jailed by Sadat
are released. In April 1982, the Israeli withdrawal from
Sinai takes place as scheduled. In 1983 Egypt's isolation
in the Arab world begins to end. Arafat meets Mubarak
in Cairo. In January 1984, Egypt is readmitted uncondi-
tionally to the Islamic Conference Organization.

In 1984 Egypt has its first relatively free elections
since 1952; five parties are allowed to function in
addition to the ruling NDP: The left-wing opposition
consisting of the National Progressive Unionist Party
and the Socialist Labor Party. The Wafd resurfaces and
one religious party is licensed — the Umma. Not
officially represented are the communists, the Muslim
Brotherhood, and avowed Nasserites, although all
three tendencies are represented in other parties.

In November 1987, an Arab summit resolution
allows Arab countries to resume diplomatic relations
with Egypt. This action is taken largely as a result of the
Iran-Iraq War. On Egypt's side, its economic crisis wors-
ens. In 1991 there isfurther liberalization and privatization
of the Egyptian economy. In September of 1993 Israel and
the PLO agree upon mutual recognition. In 1995, after
the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzak Rabin
and the election of Binyamin Netanyahu, Israeli/Pales-
tinian intransigence on peace talks increases Arab unrest.
In 1997 Islamic terrorists kill 100 tourists in Egypt. In
October 2000 increased hostilities between Israel and the
Palestinians engenders rallies in Egypt calling for war
with Israel and an emergency summit between the two
sides in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el-Sheikh.

7

—



‘My name is Ozymandias, king of kings:
Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!'
Nothing beside remains. Round the decay
Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare
The lone and level sands stretch far away

— "Ozymandias," Percival Shelley

Bedecking the plush convention hall, in Arabic, French
and English, is a colossal corporate banner reading: "Egypt
& Endron: Ancient World —New Hope." The text tops
a slick photomontage featuring a smiling pharaoh straight
from central casting in Liz Taylor's "Cleopatra," shaking
hands with a grinning Arab executive. In the background
are a dramatic pipeline shot and a group of smiling fellahin.
Even the crocodile, sunning himself on the discarded seg-
ment of pipeline that elevates him so obligingly above the
Nile shallows, seems blissfully unaware that the same
pipeline will soon be rocketing him toward extinction.
Everybody's happy.

Normally a place like this would be verboten to a
member of the underground press like me, but tonight a
dead man's face and papers are the only ticket I need for
admission. Lookingaround, you'd hardly guess that Endron
Egypt has just narrowly survived the fight of its political life.
Early this year they sank a tanker in the Suez, seriously
curtailing traffic for over two months and letting loose a
firestorm of criticism. That, paired with the refinery they
lost in the Qattara Depression awhile back, means it's been

a rocky couple of years for the company. That's all in the
past now. The government's blamed the Red Nile terrorists
for the tanker crash and Endron has written all the right
checks. Say what you want about Endron; the evil bastards
know how to throw a party. The bar's open and, Islam or
no, anumber of guests —mostly officials from theEGPC,
mid-level members of the ruling NDP and major sharehold-
ers — are busy getting hammered. Wined and dined, and
in some cases paid and laid, all of them are here to pay
homage to their new god... Apophis

No, not the ancient snake demon that attacked Re on
his nightly excursions into Duat, though the family resem-
blance is striking. This Apophis is a nickname for the more
prosaically titled Aswan-61, the massive pipeline and
refinery system Endron's been constructing along the Nile
over the last decade. You might call this shareholder's
meeting its coming out party. Endron's stockholders have
cause to celebrate; after years of public controversy, sabo-
tage and "wildlife problems," it's finally going on-line next
month. Over 300km longer and almost twice as wide as the
aging Sumed pipeline, itis, if you believe Endron's hype, the

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 39

Fe

a A

preeminent conduit for Persian Gulf oil to an energy hungry
West and the savior of Egypt's economy. It is also a threat
to Egypt's antiquities unparalleled since the High Aswan
Dam, an aesthetic eyesore and an environmental night-
mare waiting to happen. Of course, none of that is impor-
tant tonight.

eee

As things pick up, I sidle over to Jaromir Fakhry's table.
Jaromir is Endron's "Environmental Initiatives Officer," a
position which, among other perks, provides him with a
bodyguard and a table full of toadies to laugh at his jokes. His
guard, aheavily armored bruiser witha body by Dr. Veridian,
snarls as I introduce myself and sit next to his boss. Jaromir
is a fat Cairene of Bedouin extraction. He wears a $6,000
suit, chain-smokes American cigarettes and has a briefcase
securely cuffed to his wrist. He is also a little drunk. After a
few more rounds, he lays things on the line for me with a
candor I find most refreshing for a PR flack.

"We Egyptians love our history: our temples, our
pyramids and, yes, ourmummies," he jokes in his corporate
language-camp English. "None of that means a damn
compared to what Endron offers us. Al-tahdith, ‘modern-
ization,' brings real opportunity for those who are smart
enough to grab the golden ring. Give us another 20 years
and this whole country will look like your American Las
Vegas. What's funny is that no one will even remember the
old Egypt," he laughs. The line about "memory" sends a
chill down my back, but I join the laughter of his sycophant
chorus. The lock on his briefcase is the real joke, however,
and his massive bodyguard is most heavily muscled between
the ears. Nobody notices a thing — not the transfer of
papers or the subtle barb that injects Jaromir with nerve
toxinas I shake his hand goodbye. The poison won' tkillhim
for almost a month; sometimes my job is so easy, | almost
feel ashamed of myself... almost.

— From the journal of Hugo Pale-Dawn, Corax
Chaser

JSoclaty
Political Precdloms and Human Right

Constitutionally, Egypt is a social democracy with
Islam as its state religion. A closer look, however,
reveals a government that — while not, perhaps, as
repressive as charged by its most vocal opponents — is
far from a fully functioning democracy. Egypt's domi-
nant force, the National Democratic Party (NDP), has
governed uninterrupted since 1978, maintaining an
overriding majority in the popularly elected People's
Assembly and the partially elected Shura (Consulta-
tive) Council. The NDP retains a stranglehold on
local government, the mass media, labor and the
country's massive public sector; it also controls the
licensing of new political parties and media outlets.

4

a

Rage Across Egypt

This means that, in all practicality, citizens do not
havea meaningful ability to change their government.
After Independence, Nasser used charisma and
coercion to impose a populist style nationalist consen-
sus on Egypt's political arena under a single party, the
Arab Socialist Union (ASU). His successor, Sadat,
developed a strategy mixing limited liberalization, calls
to tradition and repression, allowing a controlled mul-
tiparty system. Although opposition parties became
legal, they were expected to refrain from "destructive"
criticism of regime policy. Indeed, when they refused to
play by his rules, Sadat suspended the experiment.
Mubarak generally portrays his regime as both
Nasserite and Islamic, while mostly continuing Sadatist
policies. In the plus category, the Mubarak regime
restored the faltering political liberalization pioneered
(and then abandoned) by Sadat, reviving opposition
parties and expanding the permissible freedom of politi-
cal expression. Such, albeit limited, political pluraliza-
tion is primarily to accommodate the demands of the
educated upper and middle classes. Given the continu-
ing passivity and deference of most of the population,
these quasi-democratic reforms have been less risky
(and more profitable) than engaging in large-scale re-
pression. In the minus column, such egalitarian largesse
isn't equally applied. The regime generally accommo-
dates more conservative forces, such as the bourgeoisie
and conservative Moslems, while reserving selective
repression for leftists, strikers and Islamic radicals.

Poftheal Partlat

In Egypt's "dominant party system," small opposi-
tion "parties of pressure" on the left and right flank a
big ruling party straddling the center of the ideological
spectrum.

The Nattonel Derocratie Party (NDP)

The ruling National Democratic Party (NDP) is a
direct descendant of Nasser's ASU, albeit minus the
leftist intellectuals and politicized officers who domi-
nated it in the 1960s. It is currently a ruling coalition
controlled by law and army officials, bureaucrats, con-
servative (i.e., non-revolutionary) clerics, big business
and the land-owning elite. Thus, the NDP is a con-
glomeration of strategically chosen special interests,
ultimately accountable to no single group, but allow-
ing enough privileged access to maintain their support.
The NDP, largely lacking in organization and ideo-
logical legitimacy, is more an appendage of govern-
ment than an autonomous political force.

Qppatitlon Parhiat

Despite the NDP's monopoly on power, they are no
longer the only game in town. Since the 1970s Egypt has

aa


given birth to an array of new political parties. Among
the more secular opposition parties are the right-wing
Liberal Party, the leftist Khalid Muhi ad Din (National
Progressive Unionist Party, NPUP or Tagamu), the
center-left Socialist Labor Party (SLP or Amal) and the
New Wafd Party. The Islamic opposition is fragmented
into numerous factions, each sharing the goal of an
Islamic state, but differing in origin and tactics. All the
Islamic groups share a rejection of Westernization in the
name of an Islamic "third way" that accepts private
property and profit, but seeks to contain capital's less
egalitarian consequences. Those willing to work through
the system are allowed to organize and nominate candi-
dates in parliamentary elections, though no Islamic
party, as such, is permitted. Various populist preachers
enjoy broad personal followings.

Although Islamic militants are certainly a minority,
and even resented by a good portion of the public, their
activism in a largely passive political arena gives them
greater power than they mightotherwise enjoy. The more
mainstream Islamic party is the Al-Tkhwan al-Muslimiin
(The Muslim Brotherhood) while the more activist Is-
lamic fringe is represented in the Jamaat al Islamiyah
(Islamic Associations), an amorphousmovementofmany
small groups. The most radical of these include At Takfir
wal Hijra (Atonement and Alienation) and Al Jihad
(Holy War). The most extreme groups advocate a violent
overthrow of the governmentin order tocreate an Islamic
theocracy (see Terrorism, below).

Of Literbia

While the Constitution provides for freedom of
speech and press, the government continues to place
limitations on these rights. Citizens can (and do)
openly voice their opinions ona wide range of political
and social issues, including sharp criticism of the
government. The government, however, enjoys a
monopoly on the printing and distribution of newspa-
pers, including, bizarrely, the opposition press, and
occasionally uses this control to stifle dissent. Strict
laws stipulate fines or imprisonment for press criticism
of the president, members of the government and
foreign heads of state. Further, upon obtaining a court
order, various ministries are authorized to ban or
confiscate books and other works of art related to the
Qur'an and Islamic scriptural texts. The Ministry of
Interior regularly confiscates leaflets and other "in-
flammatory" works by Muslim fundamentalists. It also
has the authority, which it exercises periodically, to
stop foreign materials from entering the country.

Phomar Right

Egypt has what one might call a checkered history
on human rights. Although its record has improved of

INN es

late, it continues to restrict many basic rights. First and
foremost in the government's arsenal of tools to man-
age dissent and maintain control is the "Emergency
Law," passed in 1981 in the aftermath of Sadat's death.
In fighting terrorism, security forces continue to mis-
treat and torture prisoners, arbitrarily detain persons,
and engage in mass arrests. The penal code contains
several provisions to combat extremist violence. These
provisions broadly define terrorism to include the acts
of "spreading panic" and "obstructing the work of
authorities." In actions unrelated to antiterrorist ac-
tivities, local police have killed, tortured and other-
wise abused both criminal suspects and others. While
the government takes occasional disciplinary action
against these officers, it doesn't pursue most cases or
seek adequate punishments.

Both foreign and native human rights groups have
reported a number of torture methods. Detainees may be
stripped, hung by their wrists with their feet touching
the floor or forced to stand for prolonged periods, doused
with hot or cold water, beaten, forced to stand outdoors
in cold weather or subjected to electrical shocks. Some
female detainees report that they have been threatened
with rape. Human rights monitors are, theoretically,
allowed to council and observe prisoners, but in reality
face considerable bureaucratic obstacles. The Govern-
ment does not, for example, permit the International
Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) or the Arab/
Egyptian Human Rights Organizations (AHRO/EHRO)
to visit prisons. On the other hand, such issues are often
a matter of perspective. Egypt, for example, is far less
assiduous in practicing the death penalty than America.
This, paired with Western colonial and quasi-colonial
activities over the years, means that Western calls for
human rights in Egypt are sometimes viewed with a
certain degree of cynicism.

Thee Iuushhee Lychom

The Egyptian judicial system is based on British,
Italian and Napoleonic models, as well as that of Islamic
legal and social codes; hence, there are no juries. The
Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamic groups have
demanded the government adopt Sharia (Islamic law).
In 1985 the People's Assembly rejected these demands,
but supported a recommendation to review all statutes
and change the ones that conflicted with Islamic law.

The criminal code lists three main categories of
crime: "Contraventions" (minor offenses), misdemean-
ors (offenses punishable by imprisonment or fines),
and felonies (offenses punishable by penal servitude or
death). At the village level, an umdah (pl., umada,
village headman) represents the central authority and
adjudicates minor offenses. Capital crimes that carry a
possible death sentence include murder, manslaughter

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 41

RR, ee

|

occurring in the commission of a felony, arson, rape,
treason and endangerment of state security. Few of
these convictions, however, result in execution.
Courts: There are three levels of regular criminal
courts: Primary courts, appeals courts and the Court of
Cassation (the final stage of criminal appeal). The
judiciary is, at least in theory, independent. The Consti-
tution provides for the independence and immunity of
judges, and forbids interference by other authorities in
the exercise of their judicial functions. Military or State
Security Emergency courts, (in which constitutional
protections are not always observed), handle cases in-
volving national security or terrorism. In the last few
years, the Government has added lectures on human
rights and other social issues to its training courses for
prosecutors and judges. In keeping with Islamic law, a
woman's testimony is equal to half that of a man's in
court. There is no legal prohibition against a woman
serving as a judge, but in practice none ever have.

hme

Minor crimes, such as petty theft, pick pocketing
and purse snatching are widespread in the streets of

ne feel

metropolitan Cairo. In rural areas crime victims gener-
ally seek retribution without going to the authorities,
especially in cases where the honor of an individual or
afamily is tarnished. More than half the murder cases in
tural areas occur within the family and commonly
involve issues of passion, honor or vengeance. Urban
areas have experienced sharp growth in the theft of cars
and other goods, offenses by women and juveniles,
kidnappings, and vice cases. White-collar crime, smug-
gling, black marketing in currency and other economic
offenses are also rampant and escalating. The use of
narcotics has become an increasingly serious problem in
Egypt. Many people use cocaine or heroin, while others
used opium or hashish (which Egyptians have smoked
for centuries). Certain factions among vampires have
long made a profit in cash and corruption from the drug
trade; itis little surprise that they retain acertain control
over the trade here as well, where many of them are
stronger than anywhere else.

Froph

Most Egyptians are descended from the successive
Arab settlements that followed the Muslim conquest

Tarrortim and fhe Socurtty Afparatur

The level of violence in Egypt as a result of
political or criminal activity is below that of many
countries of the Middle East. Periodic outbreaks of
unrest have occurred, but are rarely on a scale
sufficient to threaten the existing political structure.
Nevertheless a number of radical Islamic groups
clandestinely seek to overthrow the state and to
reorder society in accordance with Sharia.

Tirrordtt Groups

In the Egypt of the World of Darkness, extrem-
ist violence continues to grow, especially in Upper
Egypt. There are currently two major terrorist cells
of note operating in Egypt. One of these, the Al-
Gama'at al-Islamiyya (Islamic Group, IG), exists
in the real world, while the second (the Red Nile)
is wholly fictional and more heavily influenced by
supernatural agencies. Often targeting the police

"The Egyptian State is not going to be overthrown. We
always write its obituary, but it has been around for a long
time and it is really in the saddle."

— Fouad Ajami, Professor Middle East History

"American Intelligence analysts believe that President
Hosni Mubarak of Egypt is in grave danger of being
overthrown by Islamic fundamentalists."

—Denis]. Sullivan, Professor Middle East History

or other government institutions, both groups also
attack the highly valued tourist trade.
Al-Gama'at al-Islamiyya (Islamic Group, IG):
Active since the late 1970s, Egypt's largest militant
group is loosely organized. Its actual strength in
numbers is unknown, but it probably has several
thousand hardcore members and at least as many
sympathizers. The organization operates mainly in
Al Minya, Asyut, Qena and Sohag, but also has
support in Cairo, Alexandria and other urban loca-
tions. Its foreign wing maintains a presence in the
United Kingdom, Afghanistan and Austria. The
IG's activities include armed attacks against the
Egyptian government, Coptic Christians and do-
mestic opponents of Islamic extremism. It has
launched attacks on tourists in Egypt since 1992,
most notably the attack in November 1997 at Luxor
that killed 58 foreign tourists. In the West, the
organization is arguably most famous for bombing

) ea

Rage Across Egypt

ae


NN ee

the World Trade Center and the subsequentarrest of
the group's spiritual leader, the blind cleric Sheikh
Omar ‘Abd al-Rahman. Signatory to Usama Bin
Ladin's fatwa in February 1998 calling for attacks
against US civilians, the organization nevertheless
denies that it supports Bin Ladin.

The Red Nile Group: Built on the bones of the
defunct Gama'at al-Jihad (the organization respon-
sible for the death of Sadat), this organization has
undergone something of a metamorphosis over the
past decade. Where once the organization fought
ostensibly for the creation of an Islamic state, now —
thetoric to the contrary — the organization is play-
ing the role of agents of chaos. Striking out at Israeli
border points, Western tourists, Egyptian security
forces and fellow Islamic groups alike (the last of
which they have proclaimed as collaborators), they
have caused great consternation among both the
intelligence and supernatural communities. While
most of the group's operatives are clearly mortal, it
has become increasingly clear that the organization
has been co-opted by supernatural forces. On the
one occasion where the group ran afoul of the Garou,
they exhibited an immunity to the Delirium and
swiftly dispatched their enemy (a visiting Shadow
Lord) with silver hollow-point rounds.

Security Force

There are several security services in Egypt's
Ministry of Interior, two of which are involved
primarily in combating terrorism: The usually effec-
tive General Directorate for State Security Investi-

gations (GDSSI), and the poorly trained Central
Security Force (CSF). These security forces have
committed numerous human rights abuses, though
the use of violence by security forces in the campaign
against suspected terrorists appears more limited
than in previous years. (This trend, however, may
not hold true in the World of Darkness.) Besides
those detailed below, other security agencies include
the border guard, the Department for Combating
Religious Activity, General Intelligence, Military
Intelligence, the Ministry of the Interior, State Se-
curity Investigations Sector (SSIS) and the Su-
preme State Security Court (Jihaz Amn al Daoula).
Aswith the Special Affairs Division in the Ameri-
can FBI, and governmental security agencies in other
countries, there are individuals within the Egyptian
security apparatus who are aware of the existence of
the supernatural, just as there are paranormal entities
who seek to manipulate these agencies to their own
ends. Most notably, a clandestine department within
the GDSSI (the Rosetta Naos) uses government
resources to investigate and stymie supernatural ac-
tivities. As with most such clandestine security orga-
nizations, individuals within the shadow cabinet work
toward both benign and sinister agendas. The com-
mander of note within the Rosetta Naos is a surpris-
ingly spry for his 70 years ex-army colonel named
Jean-Francois Said. Of late, the organization has
taken some blows, both in unexplained budgetary
cuts and the disappearance of three of its top agents
while investigating Red Nile activities in Luxor.

in the 7" Century, mixed with the indigenous pre-
Islamic population. The typical Egyptian fellah (pl.
fellahin), or peasant, is of mixed heritage and consti-
tute about 50% of the population. Egyptian Copts, a
Christian minority who constitute 6-10% of the popu-
lation, are the least mixed descendants of the pre-Arab
population, The Nubians, who live south of Aswan,
have been Arabized in religion and culture, although
they still speak the Nubian language. Nomads, who
live in the semi-desert regions, are composed of both
Arab and Berber elements. Small minorities of Italians
and Greeks live in the cities.

Egyptians have rightly gained a reputation for being
outgoing and friendly. Even in the World of Darkness,
their relaxed attitudes, reputation for hospitality and
the renowned Egyptian sense of humor manage to shine
through. As Egypt comes increasingly under the strain
of modernization and overpopulation, however, there is
an increasing sense that the once community-minded
Egyptians are more and more just fending for them-

selves. Where once few Egyptians would not hesitate to
give all to a stranger in need, many increasingly seem
content to care only for their own problems. Further,
one of the less attractive features endemic in the West
— the blind pursuit of wealth to the exclusion of all
other considerations — seems to have affected a new
(mostly younger) generation of Egyptians.
Rolighou Mortar

The Egyptian Constitution affords freedom of belief
to its citizens; however, the government places clear
restrictions on this right. Most Egyptians are Muslim, but
6-10% of the population (depending on whose numbers
you believe), belong to the Coptic Orthodox Church.
Christianity was purportedly introduced to Egypt in AD
35 by the apostle St. Mark and by the 4 Century it was
Egypt's official religion with the patriarchate residing in
Alexandria. In 451 the Council of Chalcedon initiated
the great schism, separating the Egyptian Coptic Church
from Catholic Christendom. For the most part, non-

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 43

RN Ne aN

|

2 eee rem RO os MOREL A Hea reer

a 2A

The information below cannot begin to detail Islam's
richness or history. Islam is the world's second largest
religion (after Christianity) and Muslims comprise about
one-fifth of the Earth's population.

/history

Relatively new when compared to its two sister reli-
gions, Christianity and Judaism, the history of Islam begins
with the Prophet Muhammad. Losing both parents at an
early age, Muhammad was raised by his uncle and found work
as a trader, traveling with caravans to Syria. At age 25 he
married a wealthy widow (Kadijah), their marriage produc-
ing a daughter (Fatima). Muhammad soon gained a reputa-
tion as an arbiter of disputes between individuals and tribes.
According to tradition, atage 40 the angel Gabriel appeared
to him in a cave outside Mecca. Muhammad himself was
illiterate, and his companions recorded the actual book (the
Qur'an) born from these revelations. As Muhammad gained
followers, the Meccan elite soon became alarmed by his
monotheism, but in 622 the people of Yathrib (laterrenamed
Medina) invited him to settle their disputes. With this
action, the Hegira, begins the Muslim calendar. From Yathrib,
Islam spread and soon came into conflict with Mecca.
Islamic warriors defeated the Meccans in a series of battles,
culminating in the city's surrender in 630.

After Muhammad's death in 632, Islamic rule passed
toa succession of four caliphs (632-61): Abu Bakr, Umar 1,
Uthman, and Ali, a period called the Rashidun (rightly
guided) Caliphate. The Rashidun Caliphate sparked an
impressive territorial expansion of Islam, annihilating the
Sassanian Empire, driving the Byzantine Empire out of the
Levant, and conquering Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia and
Iran. Islamic rule flowered further under the Umayyad
Dynasty (661-750), which ruled an empire stretching from
Spain to the borders of India. The Abbasids (750-1258)
moved the capital of the empire to Baghdad, where Islamic
thought, the arts and literature reached their apogee. At
the same time Islam spread among the Turks, who became
active in the Baghdad court. From 945 on, however, the rise
of regional rulers greatly weakened the caliph's power.

The post-Abbasid Muslim world eventually consoli-
dated into three powerful states: the Ottoman Empire
(1300-1922), the Shiite Safavid Empire (1502-1736) and
the Mogul Empire (1526-1858). In the 19° Century many
Muslim lands fell under the rule of European colonial
regimes, only to re-emerge as independent nation-states in
the mid-20" Century. Muslims responded to their loss of
temporal power and the intellectual challenges posed by
the West by re-accessing their history and traditions.
Today some argue for recapturing the essence of the Islamic
message, but seek to combine the old faith with modem
thought. Others advocate a militant defense of Islam and a
return to its original values. The majority of Muslims,

kim

however, pursue neither philosophy, but continue to live
according to their faith's time-honored traditions.

Foundations: The Qur'an contains 114 chapters
(suras) that cover a variety of issues — ethics, history,
theology and religious obligations. Varying interpreta-
tions have developed different schools of Islamic thought,
but the Qur'an itselfhas remained more-or-less unchanged.
After the Qur'an, the Prophetic Traditions are the most
important foundation of Islam. Muslims consider
Muhammad the messenger of God, and accord him all the
reverence that Christians reserve for Jesus Christ. Devout
Muslims are supposed to emulate the Prophet's example
in every facet of their lives, though obviously interpreta-
tion, piety and practice vary from person to person. This
is particularly true in the World of Darkness where — as
with any faith — the direct and indirect influence of
supernatural agencies has served to misguide its practitio-
ners and to warp its most dearly held precepts.

Sharia: The Sharia is the divine law of Islam and
encompasses every aspect of Muslim life. Muslims view the
Sharia asa guide by which to live, and, more importantly, as
the will of God. The Sharia divides all acts into five catego-
ries: obligatory, recommended, reprehensible, forbidden and
neutral (or permitted). The Sharia is rooted in the Qur'an,
the Prophet's sayings (hadith), and traditions (sunna), argu-
ment from the consensus of the Muslim community (ijma)
and argument from analogy (qiyas). Over the centuries the
application of the Sharia hasled tothe development ofaclass
of experts known as fugaha (jurists) and ulama (scholars),

Practice: The basic duties of Muslims include: Pre-
scribed prayers (salat) performed five times each day; fasting
(sawm) during the month of Ramadan; the pilgrimage to
Mecca (hajj), to be performed at least once in a lifetime for
those who have the means to do it; and the payment of a
religious tax (zakat) intended for the poor or works of piety.
Some also include "striving in the path of God" (jihad),
which is of two kinds: the greater jihad, which is striving
againstone''ssoul in attaining spirituality; and the lesser jihad
— defending the faith against outside aggression.

Sufism: Islam's mystical path is rooted in the funda-
mental teachings of the faith, but aims at attaining direct
knowledge of God through Islamic teachings. The Sufi
path (tariqa) is concerned with the nature of the Divine
Reality, how it can be attained, and how to purify the
human soul so thatitcan reflect the Divine Reality. Despite
its general acceptance, Sufism is sometimes criticized by
more radical or conservative (depending on your defini-
tions) elements within Islam, primarily because some feared
the Sufis' quest for personal, experiential knowledge of God
would lead to the neglect/rejection of more traditional
religious practices. A significant percentage of magi, Garou
Theurges, Bubasti mystics and other seekers in Egypt are
often adherents of, or at least conversant with, Sufism.

a

Rage Across Egypt

a


Muslims worship without harassment, though some are
subject to violent assaults by Islamic extremists. While
security forcesarrest those who perpetrate violence against
religious minorities (mostly Christians), some believe the
government is not sufficiently vigorous in its efforts to
prevent attacks or in deterring nonviolent discrimina-
tion. Anti-Semitism appears in both the governmentand
opposition press, despite official condemnation by the
government.

Filly and Kathie

The family remains the most significant unit of
Egyptian society. This value is evident from the most
essential to the most trivial aspects of life. A husband and
wife are not considered a family until they produce their
first child. Egyptians reckon descent through their male
heirs, and the ideal family is an extended one, consisting
of a man, his wife (or wives), sons (and their wives and
children) and his unmarried daughters. Younger mem-
bers of the family defer to older members, and women
defer to men. For good and ill, Western influence has had
only limited impact on this family structure.

Egypt's laws pertaining to marriage and divorce
favor the social position of men. Muslim husbands are
allowed to have up to four wives at a time in accor-
dance with Islamic religious custom (though a major-
ity of Egyptian men do not have multiple wives). A
new wife usually lives with or near her husband's
family, is expected to help her mother-in-law with
household chores and is under considerable pressure
from her husband and his family until she bears a son.
Barrenness is a woman's worst possible misfortune, and
not giving birth to a son is almost as bad. Men are the
preferred, valued members of the lineage. Women who
have only daughters are often disparagingly called
"mothers of brides." As a mother's sons mature, her
importance increases. A woman is at the peak of her
power when her sons are married because she can then
ise influence over her sons' children and wives.
Women! Righht

"T recommend that you treat women with goodness.
The best of you are those who treat their wives the best."

— Prophet Muhammad

Despite what many in the West understandably
feel to be the second-class status of women in heavily
Islamic countries, others note that on a whole list of
issues the Qur'an is at least as — and in some cases
more — progressive on women's rights than both the
Bible and the Torah. From the concept of Original Sin
lying more with the woman (Eve), to attitudes about
menstruation, bearing witness in court and female
inheritance, the Qur'an arguably takes a more enlight-
ened stance toward women than the holy books of

exe


FS

either of its sister religions. Of course, no Muslim
society adheres completely to the high ideals of Islam.
With respect to the status of women, Islamic law — as
interpreted by the male dominated power structure —
is hardly in keeping with the Qur'an. Obviously this
gap between the religious ideal and day-to-day prac-
tice is found within every country and culture, Islamic
or not. Nevertheless, this disconnect may seem a little
stranger in countries (even ones as comparatively
secular as Egypt) thatso assiduously claim Sharia as the
primary source of their laws and custom. Indeed, it isa
widely held precept among Muslim feminists that
long-standing cultural and legal traditions have robbed
Muslim women of their basic Islamic rights.

Egyptian law broadly provides for equality of the
sexes, but aspects of the law and traditional practices
discriminate against women. Many Egyptians, especially
tural and lower class urban men, believe that women are
simply morally inferior. Women are expected to defer to
senior male relatives, to avoid contact with men who are
not kin, and to veil themselves in public. By law, unmar-
ried women under the age of 21 must have permission
from their fathers to obtain passports and to travel;

46

married women of any age require the same permission
from their husbands. Egyptian women do have employ-
ment opportunities in government, medicine, law,
academia, the arts, and — to a lesser degree — business.
Labor laws guarantee men and women equal rates of pay
for equal work in the public sector. Social pressure against
women pursuing a career is strong, however, and some
women's rights advocates fear that recent fundamentalist
trends are increasing these pressures.

Domestic violence against women is a significant
problem in Egypt (as elsewhere). While neighbors and
extended family members generally intervene to limit
incidents of domestic violence, abuse within the family
is rarely publicly discussed. Several NGO's have begun
offering counseling, legal aid and other services to
women whoare victims of domestic violence. Although
the government enforces the 1996 decree banning the
practice of female genital mutilation (FGM), many
families persist in subjecting their daughters to the
traditional practice. When "honor killings" (a man
murdering a female relative for her perceived lack of
chastity) occur, perpetrators often receive lighter pun-
ishments than those convicted in other cases of murder.

Rage Across Egypt


Gecgraply

Modern Egypt occupies the northeastern corner of
Africa, the Sinai Peninsula in adjacent Southwest
Asia, and some islands in the Gulf of Suez and the Red
Sea. The Mediterranean Sea borders it on the north,
Sudan to the south, the Red Sea and Israel to the east,
and Libya on the west. At first blush there seems to be
little subtlety about the boundaries of Egypt's land-
scape. Lush Nile, crowded cities and hard desert stand
in stark contrast with each other, with seemingly little
gray area in between. And yet there are mysteries
beneath the subtly shifting sands, nuance to the twists
of the Nile banks, and even the most modern parts of
Egypt's cities are steeped in tradition. Egypt has always
been a crossroads for a profusion of peoples and super-
natural forces; visitors who hope to survive here long
must gain a sense of the land.

Fjora

The Nile banks are festooned with numerous
strains of water grasses. Tamarisk, acacia, jacaranda
and poinciana speckle the Nile region in summer,
while water hyacinths (known as the "Nile rose")
choke parts of the Nile. There are also mangrove
stands in the Sinai and various herbs with medicinal
properties (often used as an item of trade among the
Bedouins). Perhaps Egypt's best-known plant, papyrus
is all but extinct in Egypt, except in botanical gardens.
Finma

Compared to the animal life found in the verdant
rain forests and bountiful grasslands throughout much
of sub-Saharan Africa, Egypt's animal population is, in
aword, anemic. This has not always been the case. The
Egyptian Nile region used to be a sanctuary for many
larger mammals, including leopards, cheetahs, oryx,
aardwolves, striped hyenas, sand cats, fennecs, two
species of gazelle and caracals. Unfortunately, the last
few centuries of heedless development have driven
most of these species to or past the brink of extinction.
What remains are about a hundred types of mammals,
most notably various species of mice, rats and bats.
Egypt is also home to Ictonyx striatus, a skunk-like
mammal more commonly known as the zorilla. Larger
mammals are almost exclusively domesticated such as
camels, donkeys, horses and buffalo.

Ironically, where harsh conditions and human care-
lessness have combined to wipe out much of the nation's
rural biome, an urban animal orderswarms among Egypt's
city dwellers. Fitfully, spasmodically, the Wyld is on the
increase under the streets of Cairo and in other urban
environs, albeit of an order that few but the Bone Gnaw-
ers or Ratkin would be apt to appreciate. Cairo and many

pelea

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

RN Nn eee

surrounding cities contain what may well be the largest
rat population in the World of Darkness. Teeming in the
city's sewers and urban slums, the bold rodents have been
known to eat children and even to attack lone adults.
Attempts to control them have largely met with failure,
so itis, perhaps, with some small relief that the authorities
tolerate the cities' large canine and cat populations.
Millions of cats and semi-wild dogs wander the urban
milieu, alone and in packs. Although useless as breeding
stock or true camouflage, these animals nonetheless make
itmarginally easier for Garou or Bubasti to wander around
in animal form (or at least to get away with being seen as
a wolf or great black cat). Indeed, there have even been
tales that the last of the Kyphur, the great wild cats of
antiquity, still wander the back allies of Egypt's cities,
actingasa royalty of sorts for the feline population, as well
as mystic anchors for their Bubasti kin.

As for the urban dog packs? While it's impossible
to breed true by mating with dogs, the Bone Gnawers
have still used the dog packs as agents, soldiers and
cover for their movements. While wolves, as such,
have not existed in Egypt for thousands of years, it is
widely believed that Egypt's great Eastern Desert Red
Talon pack has maintained its numbers through selec-
tive breeding with the wild Cape Hunting dogs (from
sub-Saharan Africa). Although wolves are for all prac-
tical purposes extinct in Egypt, scattered packs still
make their home in the adjoining Penumbra.

Compared to Egypt's mammal population, its
avian-life is rich and varied, with about 430 extant
species, including large birds such as flamingoes, storks,
cranes and herons. Most importantly to the Garou,
there are also at least nine species of owl; numerous
species of eagles, falcons and kestrels; and several
Corvid species. These and others provide an ample
spiritual basis for tribes and packs that revere avian
totems. Among the smaller birds, the house sparrow
and the hooded crow are the most common. Egypt's
crow population has provided ample camouflage for
Egypt's largish Corax population, who have flocked to
the Middle East in search of both its ancient secrets
and prevailing rumors of war,

There are also numerous species of snakes, most
notably the cobra. While a few Garou who are nominally
conversant with Egypt's supernatural history (and igno-
rant of snakesand their spirits) may be tempted tokillany
serpents they see on sight as "agents of Set," such indis-
creet actions are likely to cause more trouble that they
solve. In reality only a microscopic portion of Egypt's
serpents, or their spirit analogs, serve the ancient gal.
Besides Sutekh, the cobra was holy tosuch ancient deities
as the tutelary goddess Buto and the enigmatic guardian
spirit Meretseger, neither of whom were friendly to the

7

a

|

ancient vampire (though no less dangerous forall of that).
Further, some Striders like to fantasize that the presum-
ably extinct Nagah still watch over the country's activi-
ties from beneath the Nile, though, not surprisingly, this
does little to endear snakes to most Garou. Still, perhaps
it is the tales of the serpentine "soul-drinkers" (see Ap-
pendix II) that are most likely to have Garou sniffing
twice at any undulating tracks in the desert sand. Scorpi-
ons too are ubiquitous in the surrounding desert and their
various spirit manifestations — among themahive-mind
species of blood-slicked Banes, and the gargantuan Wyld
spirits once thought holy to Isis —are difficult to ignore.
Finally, the once plentiful Nile Crocodile have
become virtually extinct north of the Aswan Dam (the
last one was shot by a British officer in 1891). One of the
largest and most aggressive branches of the family
Crocodylidae, they routinely eat wild and domesticated
animals and — in other parts of Africa — hippos and
even the odd lion or two. Confirmed man-eaters, they
have been picking off fellahin along the Nile since the
time of the pharaohs, but nothing in the past has
prepared people for the frenzied burst of random killings
carried out by the crocodiles over the last 18 months. A
series of well-publicized attacks have taken place along
the banks of Lake Nasser, the sheer number of which
have exceeded anything recorded in modern history,
Over 80 people and at least three boats, includinga large
tourist cruiser, have disappeared with hardly a trace.
Many environmentalists have cited Endron's construc-
tion of the Apophis Pipeline as one cause, but even this
explanation is not wholly satisfactory since animal
attacks have increased throughout the rest of Africa
over the last year. Some supernatural luminaries suspect
the long-silent Mokolé may be behind the attacks, but
have offered no single, coherent explanation as to why.
The surrounding waters of the Mediterranean and
Red Sea teem with life, including reef sharks, stingrays,
turtles, dolphins, colorful corals, sponges, sea cucum-
bers and a multitude of mollusks. Reports of Rokea in
these waters are persistent, but without solid proof.

Sritrowment

With 96% of Egypt's people living along the Nile,
environmental issues are becoming an increasingly impor-
tant, ifstill frequently ignored, componentof Egyptian life.
Runaway population growth, modemization and increased
economic development have caused numerous problems.
In Cairo, emissions from vehicles and lead smelters, to-
gether with sand blowing in from the adjacent Western
Desert, have created high levels of particulate matter in the
air. Egypt also faces problems with its remaining agricul-
tural land being lost to urbanization and desertification,
and increased soil salination south of the Aswan High
Dam. Threats to the water include oil spills, agricultural

eee

pesticides, raw sewage and industrial effluents. Itshould be
no surprise that Banes of pollution flock to such sites, and
the more cunning among them do their best to encourage
more incidents of such environmental abuse.

Egypt consists of four major regions. First, and most
importantly, there is the Nile Valley and Delta, where
about 99% of the population lives. In spite of the strong
Weaverand Wyrm presence in these areas, in Egypt even
the Garou and other Fera cleave mostly to the urban
regions. Beyond the Nile Valley, there are the mostly
(though sometimes deceptively) barren Western Desert,
Eastern Desert and the Sinai Peninsula. The section
below givesa broad overview of the land and varioussites,
cities and natural formations along the way.

Nie Vidley avd Dofea

To many people, natives and foreigners alike, the
Nile Valley and Delta are Egypt. Shaped like a great
funnel, the widest part of the Delta is a 200km stretch of
coastline along the Mediterranean Sea, which steadily
narrows until it reaches Cairo at the southern-most base
of the funnel. Thereafter, the only green to be found as
one follows the river south is ina narrow ribbon bordering
the Nile for 20-30km on either side, or at the occasional
oasis. The Delta can almost be described as one continu-
ouspopulation center, with over 60 million people crowded
into an area about the size of Switzerland (or tinier than
all but the smallest American states). Forget what you
read about population densities in your almanac (which
spreads a country's population over its entire geography);
the Nile Delta is about the most crowded area on earth.
With this many people tripping over each other, it is
hardly surprising that Egypt has also become a hotbed for
every conceivable secret faction, often with one major
cabal sitting almost in another's back yard.

Nortbnettern edtlerravean Coatfh

Starting with the northwestern most point of
Egypt along the Mediterranean Coast, a thin beaded
necklace of small coastal towns is strung between
Libya and Alexandria on the outermost fringes of the
Nile Delta. Often overlooked in most studies of Egypt,
these include (from west to east): The small Bedouin
towns of Sallum and Sidi Barani, Marsa Matruh (a
small city with a large military presence watching over
the Libyan border) and El Alamein (site of the decisive
battle in the WWII North African campaign).

Alwnodtla Arabi: ab Sekavdberiys)
Alexandriais the chief port and second-largest city of

Egypt. Founded by Alexander the Great in 332 BC, it

served as the seat of power for the Greek Ptolemaic

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

a nane — C

INN ee

Hawuted EYP
In case it need be said, the World of Darkness
is not our own. And so it is with Egypt. To be sure,
gargoyles do not encrust the streets of Cairo as they
do on many Western edifices, but the Middle East
has taken the same sick turn somewhere in its
history as the rest of the world. Arabesque columns,
arches and domes are often of a more sinister slant,
and the hieroglyphs in Egypt's ancient tombs often
contain far darker themes as they portray the antics
of "mythological" gods such as Set or Apophis.
Some of them are even more realistically rendered
as if, perhaps, they had been drawn from life.
Although this book is true to life in most of its
greater contours, many of the details are different.
The Egypt of the World of Darkness is more pol-
luted and crowded than its real world counterpart.
Modernization, while delivering many benefits, has
caused even more wholesale destruction to Egypt's
environment and antiquities than in the world we
know. Many tombs that have withstood the millen-
nia are now horridly pitted and blackened; large
stretches of the Nile are choked with oil and other
effluents. Towns and cities, some only partially
industrialized in our world, spew out oil smoke day
and night, blackening desert or delta for miles
around. Meanwhile, places that are badly polluted
in ourworld have become truly horrific Hellholes in
the World of Darkness. While many of the names,
dates and locations in this book are true to life,
many others are wholly or partly fictionalized for
effect; feel free to use the same sense of dramatic
exaggeration in your own game. Caveat emptor.

dynasty. Under their reign of Cleopatra VII it reached its
pinnacle as a center of learning, art and architecture,
rivaling the city of Rome in everything but military
power. After her death, Alexandria remained the capital
of Egypt for over 600 years through both Roman and
Byzantine rule, but in the 4" Century AD it was laid low
by famine, disease and war. Thereafter it began its slow
twilight decline until it became little more than a large
fishing village. Its invasion by Napoleon (1798-1801),
however, revived its fortunes by underlining its political
importance. (Many streets are still named by the French
prefix "rue" rather than the more familiar Egyptian
"sharia.") The city's revival continued under Mohammed
Ali, becoming once again a cosmopolitan center, playing
host to writers, wealthy Europeans and Egyptians, and a
British base during both World Wars. The nationaliza-
tion of much of Alexandria under Nasser put a majordent
in this growth, but today the city remains both a thriving

9

—

me ene ae ce er near rane marsigy

2 aera re mL aS AR Se FUN er

a AA

trading center (handling almost 80% of Egypt's trade)
and a favorite tourist spot. Excellent railroads and high-
ways connect it with Cairo and other cities.

Like many cities of the ancient world, modemization
has taken its toll on Alexandria's antiquities. Of what is

The Nile Rhoer
The Nile is the alpha and the omega. Without

it, the great pharaonic civilizations of antiquity
would never have formed and human history would
be considerably different. It has enthralled explor-
ers, scholars and romantics for millennia, yet its
source remained a mystery until the 19 Century.
From the vast triangular delta where it empties into
the Mediterranean to its remotest headstream, the
Luvironza River in Burundi, it winds back like a
great serpent through 4,160 miles (6,695 km), nine
countries and thousands of years of human history.

Following the Nile proper from its origins in the
south, its trunk stream is formed atKhartoum (Sudan)
by the convergence of the Blue Nile (1,000 mi/1,610
km) and the White Nile (2,300 mi/3,700 km). The
Blue Nile issues from Lake Tana (Ethiopia), a region
of summer rains, and was the source of Egypt's soil-
replenishing annual floods z at least until the con-
struction of the Aswan High Dam. The Blue Nile's
tributaries flow from Zaire, Kenya, Tanzanian, Rwanda
and Burundi, which flow directly into the Nile or into
Lake Victoria. The White Nile, flowing from high
Lake Victoria, has a more constant flow and winds
though Uganda, Sudan and Egypt. The Egyptian Nile
stretches some 700 miles from the Sudanese border
(where two recent dams have created Lake Nasser)
and then, flowing northward, encounters five hard
reefs of black igneous stone (cataracts) that churn the
river into turbulent rapids at each reef. Finally, north
of Cairo, the Nile splits into two major tributaries that
fan out with the delta, emptying into the Mediterra-
nean at Rosetta and Damietta.

Umbra: To the Ancient Egyptians, the Nile was
the source of life, its annually flooding waters depos-
itingrich lairs of siltideal for farming. TonativeGarou
andotherFeraitbecame something more. Itscarefully
maintained sense of balance became a spiritual avatar
of the Serpent Ouroborous, the original Wyrm of
Balance. Some believe that— even today, despite the
Weaver constructs that impinge on it—a fragment of
that original, more benign aspect of that Wyrm may
still be found in the Nile. The river's great Umbral
twin courses through at leastadozen realms, its pulsing
course reverberating throughout the surrounding spirit
world with an almost human heartbeat.

5

Ll' _———

Rage Across Egypt

left of the ancient city, Egyptian and Greek ruins pre-
dominate, though there are also examples of medieval
Christian and Muslim architecture. Surviving sites in-
clude a Roman amphitheater, the ruins of a temple to Isis
and the Mosque of Abu al-Abbas Mursi. In the World of
Darkness, more clandestine sites such as the Roman
catacombs of Kom ash-Shuqgafa and the Necropolis of
Al-Anfushi have a deeper supernatural significance and
are not as well explored as in our world (see below). On
top of this much older city, however, isa teeming modem
city of over three and a half million, which has built
facilities for trade and tourism, as well as its native oil
refineries, auto-assembly plants, food processing and tex-
tile industries. Still, underneath the modern concrete and
glass, one can still find the ancient Ptolemaic city, the
sometimes jaded but surprisingly lustrous city of dreams.

Geography: Located on the northwestern edge of
the Nile Delta on a strip of land taking up about 20km of
Mediterranean beachfrontproperty, the city only stretches
amere 3km inland. The Western Ras at-Tin Harbor acts
as the city's main shipping hub and sits side-by-side with
the city's bowI-like eastern harbor. The Eastern Harbor is
used mainly by fishing and pleasure boats, and once
housed the great Pharos Island Lighthouse, one of the
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. (The lighthouse
collapsed during an earthquake in the 14" Century, and
a Mamluk sultan used the rubble to build Fort Qait Bey.)
The city's center isan area popularly known as Ramla and
is situated on the southeastern edge of the Eastern Har-
bor. Mahmudiya Canal stretches south of the city, con-
necting it to the distant Nile; Lake Mariyut borders the
city's southwestern corner.

Perhaps it is the spirit of Cleopatra enjoying a last
laugh from her suicide's grave, but in a male-domi-
nated country, in Alexandria it is the women who
seem to rule. To be sure, the city fathers and captains
of industry are all still reassuringly male, but a troika of
powerful women holds power amongst the city's super-
natural population. Indeed, as one misogynistic Shadow
Lord caustically observed, Alexandria seems to be
ground zero for the female mystery cult.

While the ways and means of several of these groups
—most notably the Thothian House Shaea (a Hermetic
Tradition mage cabal), the Alexandrian "Prince" lonna,
and the enigmatic Lilim — fall outside the scope of this
book, the Black Fury pack that controls the city's only
caern do not. The Sept of the Bloodied Stair beneath the
city's Kom ash-Shuqgafa catacombs has been a regional
stronghold for the Furies since time out of mind. (For
more information on this and other septs, see the Caerns
section at the end of this chapter). Lastly, Alexandria was
for centuries the repository for much of the ancient

a as


Egypt

s#8® International Border

V_ Black Spiral Hive

as Waterway
———™ (Nile/Suez Canal)

WESTERN ™

» Bahai
ae oe"
(LIBYAN) Zi

@
Ras Goad '

t EASTERN
DESERT a el-Beida Nog (ARABIAN) Ne

Qasr al-Farafra. (White Desert) Asyut \) 3
) DESERT %\}

Sea of Sand

§ Corhiddei Baris
: 2 (Forbidden) WESTERN
a
g (LIBYAN)
£
" DESERT
q
J
B B
bay Citadel of the The Eastem A Wy
an Me antag Cinta of
t it
i Bresian Wind Midnight Waters Pe

world's knowledge, common and arcane. Burned by the _ peated tales amongst the Garou and other Fera that large
Romans and partially rebuilt by Cleopatra, it burned a _ portions of the library still exist within the shadowed
second time at Christian hands in AD 391 in an assault confines of the Strider's Tribal Homelands.

on "pagan-intellectuals." Nevertheless there are oft-re-
Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 51


|

The Nye Doffa

Although some argue that the entire Delta has
become one big urbanized agglomeration, in reality
there are still a number of distinct cities, broken up by
rural stretches, within the Delta. Coastal cities along
the Delta include Abu Qir, Rosetta and Damietta.
(Port Said is just beyond the far eastern point of the
delta on the Sinai border.) Traveling south, and in
ever increasing proximity to each other as the funnel
narrows, are noteworthy places such as Tanta, Zagazig
(ancient Bubastis) and Cairo. Not all of these places
are huge population centers, but some hold a historical
or mystic significance that far transcends their size.

Aly Cr (Camopus)

About 24km east of Alexandria, Abu Qir (called
Canopus by the Greeks) was famed throughout the
ancient world as a refuge for Paris and Helen in their
escape to Troy. Much more recently it was the site of
several major battles during Napoleon's adventures in the
region. The first was the Battle of the Nile (1798) where
Lord Nelson's forces destroyed most of Napoleon's fleet.
Inthe second battle (1799), Napoleon's cavalry forced an
army of 15,000 Turks into the river, drowning almost a
third of them in the Nile waters. Since then, the town has
been famed for little else but its seafood. That is until the
last six months, when it came under scrutiny by Egyptian
legal authorities as the point of origin of modern Egypt's
worst recorded serial murderer, the dramatically dubbed
Scarab Killer. The police are not the only ones who have
taken notice of this activity. The killer's victims were
mauled as if by a large animal and decapitated, their
foreheads crudely gouged with the symbol of a scarab.
Obviously, given the modus operandi, Egyptian Garou
have cause to suspect one of their own. The killer's range
and hunger seem to be growing; bodies have recently
appeared in both Alexandria and Rosetta. The Furies of
Alexandria and members of the multi-tribal Sand's Mys-
tery pack in Damietta have tentatively joined forces in
order to stop the killing, but so far with no results.

Rosetta, now called Rashid, is about 65km east of
Alexandriaand is most famous for being where the Rosetta
Stone was discovered by Napoleon's troops. The black
tablet contained samples of ancienthieroglyphics, demotic
Egyptian and Greek, enabling the linguist Champollion to
translate the hieroglyphs. The term "Rosetta Stone" has
since become synonymous with any key piece of informa-
tion that allows a breakthrough in a field of endeavor.
(Needless to say, both human archaeologists and various
supernatural investigators continue to comb Egypt for
similar finds.) An important port until the reemergence of
Alexandria, it's a bit of a backwater these days. It has a

52 Rage Across Egypt

nT

certain grubby charm, though the smell of garbage and
manure, and the numerous rats in its streets, are enough to
upset anyone with elevated aesthetic sensibilities.

Once a port of call for ships from throughout the
ancient world, Damietta declined with the development
of Alexandria (after 322 BC), only to rise and then fall
again with the founding of Port Saidand the construction
of the Suez Canal. During this time its strategic location
and open port made it easy pickings for invading crusaders
and later the Germans, French and English. This vulner-
ability eventually lead the Mamluk Sultan (Baybars I,
1260-77) to raze the town, block access to the river and
erect a new Damietta 6.5 km inland on its present site.
Now enjoying its third wind, tourist books credit indus-
trial Damietta for its reputation for building (among other
things) furniture, leathers, textile and ships, butnote that
there is not much else for visitors to see.

Something that doesn't appear in any of the tourist
books, however, is Damietta's role as home to the small but
significant Sept of the Last Stone. Although modest in
mystic energies, the sept operating out of this caern is one
of the most activist packs in Egypt. The Sand's Mystery
pack has single-handedly all but cleared its home city of
Banes, but unfortunately such activity has also attracted
the attention of other enemies. The Damietta pack has
recently engaged one of Egypt's only two Black Spiral
packs (Port Said's Hive of the Boiling Sands) in open
combat, with one fatality on each side to date. Unfortu-
nately, a second member of the pack was found murdered
in the last month, but with no clue as to her killers.

Tata

Located 90km north of Cairo, Tanta is, outside of a
medieval Sufi mosque, devoid of the rich antiquities that
markso many other Egyptian cities, but... "What it lacks
in history, it makes up for in industry," or at least so goes
the Endron slogan. Tanta is, perhaps, best known in the
Delta for its massive oil refineries, and Endron has hacked
out its fair share of the market. Itis, hence, one of the most
polluted cities in the country and a haven for elemental
Banes of every description. It is the city's choking spirits
of smog, however, who are the greatest threat.

Even before the advent of Egypt's oil industry, the
local Penumbra has always been... blustery. Buffeting the
surrounding region with a cooling spirit wind drawn from
the Mediterranean, the Tower of the Etesian Wind ap-
pears only sporadically, neverstaying in one place long, but
its effects are certainly felt year round. Once these spirits of
ocean air, far cooler than their desert counterparts, seemed
awelcome change to shapeshifters who visited Tanta and
its environs. Over the last three decades, however, many
have become tainted or wholly corrupted by Hogling


ee LL EY

Wyrmelementalsbelched from the city'subiquitoussmoke-
stacks. The rumor of a vast and frighteningly prescient
smog elemental hiding in the region's dreary Penumbral
skies have been more and more bome out by the keening
lament of the city's dwindling Wyld spirits.

Unfortunately, given Tanta's polluted condition
and the Etesian tower's constant summoning/creation
of airy reinforcements into the region, it looks as though
the problem can only grow worse. Tanta's local Garou,
belonging to a caern named, not surprisingly, the Sept
of the Etesian Wind, have attempted to ameliorate the
tower's affects. Regrettably, not withstanding the obvi-
ous mystic correspondence between tower and caern,
they have been unable to enter the tower or change its
course. The Tanta caer is often the first place visited by
many foreign Garou since it hosts more Moon Bridges
than any other caern in Egypt.

Zegerly (Bobatht)

"... the city of Bubastis, in which is a Temple of Bastet
well worthy of mention; for though other temples may be larger
and more costly, none is more pleasing to look at than this."

— Herodotus

If the city name Bubastis seems familiar, even to
foreign Garou, it should be little surprise. Of course, few
people call it that these days, except tour guides and the
native Bastet who still dream of the city of cats in its salad
days. Modern Zagazig is a 19 Century town about 80km
northeast of Cairo and is, except as the birthplace of the
famousColonel Ahmed Orabi (who led the revolt against
the British in 1882), of inconsequential historical signifi-
cance. Nevertheless, there is an easy pace of life and a
certain disheveled sensuality here that visitors have a
hard time resisting. The ancient Temple of Bubasti is
little more than rubble these days, though both it and an
adjoining cat graveyard continue to draw tourists. In the
Penumbra it seems little better, though more of the
structure is intact. It is only when one is taken in tow by
one of the town's shadow cats (an unlikely honor) that
one can appreciate the surrounding den-realms' true
magnificence. In an adjacent pocket-realm is a town
peopled by human emanations that live a life reminiscent
of Egypt under the Ptolemaic dynasty. Open, relaxed and
friendly to strangers, the humans here dote upon the
thousands of cats that wander the streets.

A few puissant Bubasti sorcerers make their home in
Zagazig and it is usually here where Garou come if they
want to make contact with Egypt's Bastet population,
though such attempts are not without their difficulties or
their dangers. The shadowcats hardly hang outa sign and,
even when they do make contact, are prone to be impe-
rious toward what they feel to be the idiot howling of the
dogs at their door. Ahadi or no, Egypt's feline Fera have

had enough bad experiences with the Garou to monitor

eS

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

them closely before making contact. Garou would do well
tocheck their attitude at the door when entering Zagazig.
It is not only the Bubasti's place of power, but also their
most sacred shrine. While the cats may not necessarily
harm interlopers out of hand, they have no patience for
what they perceive as Garou barbarism. Along with other
secrets, this town has a Moon Bridge that can instantly
transport travelers over 800km south, just over the Sudan
border to the Bubasti held Citadel of Midnight Waters.

Catro Arabic: a-Qab rah)

"He who hath not seen Cairo, hath not seen the world.
Her soil is gold; her Nile is a marvel; her women are like the
black-eyed virgins of Paradise; her houses are palaces; and her
air is soft, sweet as aloeswood, rejoicing the heart. And how
can Cairo be otherwise, when she is the mother of the world?"

— City of 1001 Nights

Even in the World of Darkness, amidst its chaos,
pollution and teeming crush of humanity, Cairo still
retains some of its mystical, mysterious past. Like other
great world cities, Cairo is a patchwork quilt of smaller
cities, each with its own history, culture and economy.
From the old sugs and capillary alleys — where a
jumble of shops are still organized by trade, much as
they were in the Middle Ages — to the modern
shopping plazas that exhibit the latest in modern
goods, Cairo is a study in contradictions. Ancient
tombs, medieval mosques, vast slums and modern high
rises vie with each other for attention. Corporate
advertising in Arabic and English exists side-by-side
with ox-plowed fields, and wooden donkey-drawn
carts and luxury automobiles share the streets.

Over the past few decades Cairo's population has
exploded well beyond the confines of the original city
boundaries, pressing its aging infrastructure to the limit.
The population density of Cairo is exceeded only by the
cities of India. Indeed, if Cairo were a sovereign nation,
it would be the fifth-largest Arab country. Cairo is also
home to 62 slums such as Dar al-Salam and Sayyida
Zeinab, whichcollectively house overfive million people.
Since the 1970's, the government has built half a dozen
"satellite cities" or "new towns" in the deserts surround-
ing Cairo. Although central Cairo's population is con-
servatively given at less than seven million, greater
Cairo weighs in at approximately 18-22 million people.
Inan incident specific to the World of Darkness, Cairo's
population took a minor, though frightening dip during
amini-epidemic in 1998. The aptly named Jackal Fever
is detailed more thoroughly in later chapters.

Not only the nation's capital, Cairo is also the largest
industrial, business, commercial and transportation cen-
ter in Egypt. Its industries — mainly centered in the

suburbs of Helwan and Shubra al-Khaymah — produce

3

EN


a AZ

iron and steel, automobiles, cement, appliances, textiles,
tires and plastics. The Middle Eastern publishing and
filmmaking industries are centered here, and its daily
newspaper Al-Ahram (The Pyramids) is the world's larg-
est Arabic paper. Cairo is also one of the leading educa-
tional centers of Africa and the Arab world. Its universi-
ties include Al-Azhar (founded AD 970), Cairo (1908),
Ain Shams (1950), and the American University (1919).
Among Cairo's many museums is the famous Egyptian
Museum, housing one of the world's finest archaeological
collections. Africa's first subway opened here in 1987.
Geography: Cairo occupies a triangular plain,
bordered by the Giza Plateau on the west, the Mogattam
Hills to the east, and the Nile Delta to the north. The
Nile divides the city into two administrative districts,
with Cairo proper on the eastern bank and Giza to the
west. The city center, Midan Tahrir (Liberation
Square), is located on the western bank. To the north-
east is a district of Western-style shops and inexpen-
sive hotels, while to the north is Ramses Station,
Cairo's main railway hub, and its international airport.
Islamic Cairo is east of the central city, and contains
the crowded, and often impoverished neighborhoods of
Al-Muski and Darb al-Ahmar. Towering above these
communities is a medieval fortress, called simply, the
Citadel. From here are visible the domes and slender

minarets of Muhammad Ali's mosque, and the Mogattam
Hills and Eastern Desert beyond. To the north and
south of the Citadel are the Cities of the Dead. This
greatnecropolis isa functioning city withina city, where
many of Cairo's most poverty-stricken residents use
cenotaphs as tables and hang their laundry lines be-
tween tombstones. While many of the necropolis's
citizens may be conversant —at least via urban folklore
—with the reality of the existence of ghosts, something
far darker now moves among the alleys of the dead.
South of Midan Tahrir is the exclusive Garden
City, with its embassies, five-star hotels, and fine homes.
Traveling further south along the Nile, one encounters
Old Cairo, home to many of Cairo's Coptic residents.
Two Nile islands are visible from downtown: Gezira
(also called Zamalek) and Roda Island. On the western
bank of the Nile are the districts of Aguza and the new
area of Mohandiseen. To the southwest is the Giza
district (home to Cairo University and the Cairo Zoo);
beyond which lie the Giza pyramids and the Western
Desert. Finally, due south of the city along the Nile are
the industrial Helwan suburbs on the Nile's west bank,
and the ancient sites of Memphis (the Old Kingdom
capital of Egypt), and the great necropoli at Saqqara and
Dahshur (home to the famous "Bent Pyramid").


Cars,

hy of L001 Sbadont

Cairo's supernatural denizens are just as fractious,
aggressive and mixed as they are in almost any other city,
but with several vital distinctions. First and foremost,
given the city's vast population relative to its size, it is —
as one visiting Glass Walker somewhat hyperbolically
stated — difficult to swing a claw without throating a
Leech. Vampires, Garou, mages and other Fera, not to
mention the profusion of wraiths who populate the city's
vast inner-city necropolis and an important Arcanum
chapter house, make the competition for territory in
Cairo a heated proposition, if ultimately academic be-
cause of the overwhelming numerical superiority of Cairo's
gal population. Whether measured by influence, history
or sheer numbers, there can be only one inescapable
conclusion — Cairo belongs to the undead.

Cairo's vampire population is, in one sense, unique,
in that it is a "Caitiff," (roughly the vampire equivalent
of the tribeless Ronin) who holds dominion over the
city's vampires. An elder vampire named Mukhtar Bey,
he has ruled over the city's undead population for some
centuries, and even a few Garou have become aware of
his existence (though precious little else about him).
The vampiric overlord has declared the city open to gals

of any "tribe" who will obey his laws, but these egalitar-
ian sensibilities hardly extend to the Garou. Indeed,
Mukhtar Bey has partially made his reputation by keep-
ing the city clear of wolves — and thereby safer for the
undead. In the aftermath of past skirmishes, most nota-
bly after the Black Saturday melee of 1952, the prince
took apparent delight in not only targeting several
Garou for assassination, but in returning their bodies (or
at least parts thereof) to their packmates.

Of course, despite his reputation as a wolf slayer,
Mukhtar Bey has not really rid the city of Garou. Certainly
most Garou would be best advised to tread stealthily, but,
given Egypt's lack of a viable countryside, even the usually
rural werewolves cannot afford to be pushed completely
from the cities, especially one as important as Cairo. This
is especially true in light of the fact that there are three
Garoucaerns within the city limits. Two of these (the Sept
of Shagarat al-Durr and the Dar al-Salam caern) belong to
the Bone Gnawers and currently wage a thinly veiled war
against each other. The Sept of the Solar Barque isa highly
potent Glass Walker caern in the Qasr al-Baron office
complex in the prosperous Heliopolis suburbs. The solar
caer is a highly vahiable commodity, particularly given
the grave uncertainty currently surrounding the city's

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 55


Serres cere i cee areata car mee a ree amare renee

Bone Gnawers. Cairo's Glass Walker leader is one of
Egypt's very few female corporate executives, an enigmatic
woman named Leila El-Sabeei (Leila Veil-Shredder to
other werewolves). Leila has wielded the caern's power to
great personal effect; visiting Garou in need of Gnosis have
little choice but to make their supplications to her, and the
price is often steep. Besides the three urban tribes, a
smattering of Garou from other tribes visit or live in Cairo,
but many soon find it too inhospitable and move on in
search of greener pastures. Hence, the total number of
werewolves in residence here atany given time is fairly low.

Besides the caerns consecrated to Gaia, Cairo is also
home to what may well be the most potent Black Spiral
hive on the continent, the Hive of the Thrashing
Serpent. Residing in the Penumbra adjacent to the Giza
pyramids, tales of this place of horror run rampant. One
such rumor, spread by knowledgeable Bubasti, is that
the well-hidden hive was once a mage chantry. Regard-
less of its origin, the Spirals of this hive have a disturbing
habit of appearing and disappearing without warning.
Other sites of interest to visiting Garou include a
regional Endron corporate office, several potent Bubasti
den-realms (most notably the Den of Shadowed and Lit
Corners) and boltholes for the city's numerous Ratkin.

Note: For a much deeper exploration of Cairo in
the World of Darkness (from a vampiric point of view,
mind), see Cairo by Night.

Jouph of the Doffa

The Nile between Cairo and the Sudanese border
some 1,000km south, is peppered with cities, towns,
pyramids and other places of great historical and mys-
tic antiquity. Among these are Helwan, Al-Faiyum, Al
Minya, Asyut, Qena, Luxor, Esna, Edfu, Kom Ombo,
Aswan and Lake Nasser.

Pebuap

About 25km south of Cairo, Helwan is an industrial
suburb and about the most polluted place in Egypt. The
Pentex subsidiary Rainbow Plastics has recently forged a
presence in the area, but the considerable toxins they've
added to the Nile here are somewhat akin to bringing
coals to Newcastle. In the Penumbra almost the entire
city is a nightmarish maze of sickly blights, and four
Hellholes of great size and intensity scar the land, spewing
forth Banesata truly alarming rate. Recently three Garou
(two Striders and a Get) visited the suburb on an un-
known errand. Of these, the two Striders disappeared
withouta trace while the Fenrir returned to Cairo, where
he murdered two packmates before being dispatched.
While the initial reaction among those Garou who
monitor such things has been to blame the nest of
vampires coiled at the city's heart, rumors of a truly
ancient and powerful cobra fomor of the Hollow Men

56

i' —_—

a 7

breed have also circulated Cairo. The Followers of Set, it
seems, are not the only serpents at work in Egypt.

A-Fakyo

AL-Faiyum (also El Faiyum or El Fayum) isthe capital
of the Al-Faiyum Governorate and is situated about
113km (70 miles) southwest of Cairo, between Lake
Birket Qaran and the Nile. Almost startlingly lush in
appearance, a closer look reveals that its reputation as the
"Garden of Egypt" may be more an expression of admira-
tion for the region as an ordered agricultural concern,
thanasaplace ofthe Wyld. That the area is verdant, there
is no doubt. Crops of rice, wheat, and melons (not to
mention a disturbing increase in factory farming, mainly
chickens) are a major boon to the country's economy.
Groves of palms and acacias dot the landscape, while
more wild plants grow in ordered profundity along the
region's elaborately ordered system of canals. At the
center of this beautiful oasis is the shabby city of Medinet
al-Faiyum, a place some would say encapsulates all that is
worst about Cairo; it is overcrowded, polluted and just
plain dismal (though hardly the Hellhole Helwan is).
Despite this profusion of greenery, even the seemingly
sterile wastelands of the Western Desert reflect the
Wyld's dance more truly than the ordered splendor of Al-
Faiyum's "garden," for underlying all of this is the dying
bellow of Khem's custodians of memory, the Mokolé.

AN nga (FMhrga)

Al-Minya is the capital city of the Minya Governor-
ate about 225km southwest of Cairo. The city is a trade
center for the cotton and cereal crops grown in the area,
as well as sugar processing and soap. Important as the
dividing point between Upper and Lower Egypt, Al-
Minya is sometimes called Arous as Sa'id, the "Bride of
Upper Egypt." Despite this conjugal appellation, the city
has been witness to increasingly violent clashes between.
Muslims and its large Christian population. Political and
religious killings have become almost a matter of routine
here, in spite of the high profile presence of governmental
security forces. Strangers, in particular, are a target here.
While these problems appear solely of human make, with
nosupernatural component, there are many that find this
unlikely. Whether they are a symptom or the cause, the
town is home to a particularly nasty strain of
psychomachiae, who encourage and grow fat off the
killings. Also, it is common knowledge among even some
shapeshifters that an ancient spell once discouraged the
Followers of Set from travelling north of here, but that
magic is no longer in effect. Even when the spell was in
place, the Setites had at least a nominal interest in this
city. At least one dead Garou (a visiting Glass Walker)
has been fished out of the Nile along here, along with the
human victims of its sectarian conflict.

a ae


a

Al-Faiyum lies below sea level in the Faiyum
Depression, the bed of the huge, though now ex-
tinct, Lake Moeris and the site of the ancient town
of Shedet. About 4,000 years ago, however, the
pharaohs of the 12 Dynasty emptied out much of
the lake by cutting off its tributaries, shrinking it to
1/5 its former size to create a lush oasis. While this
benefited the people of the region, it slowly choked
out the habitat of the crocodiles and destroyed the
great Setje Wallow, what was once, perhaps, the
largest Mokolé "caern" in the world. The draining
of Lake Moeris, admittedly an engineering tri-
umph, had also become one of the first and most
damaging large scale manifestations of the Weaver
on the planet. Despite the voracious reputation of
the Nile Crocodile, most Mokolé are, fortunately,
slow to anger. After the diminution of their wallow,
however, what were once seen asultimately benign,
if dangerous, creatures became unholy terrors to
those who strayed unwary along the Nile. The
Mokolé had always pursued a limited version of the
Impergium, but in this instance it became personal.

It was only thousands of years later, when an
unnamed sorcerer advised the Ptolemy ruler to widen
thecanalsand open upnew habitats for the crocodiles,
thatthe huntingofhumansalong the bankssunk back
toitsprevious levels. The town of Shedet wasrenamed
Crocodilopolis and the Mokolé reclaimed their status
as holy creatures. It is, thus, unfortunate that this pact
was again broken, albeit unknowingly, by later gen-
eration of humans (namely the Romans) who settled
the region. Tourists may still visit Al-Faiyum as the
cult worshipping place of Sobek, but few, if any,
Mokolé have visited the deadened wallow in over a
century. Following the concentrated effort to damage
the Mokolé in Lake Nasser, however, there are rumors
that this wallow may become important again.

Ay
Asyut lies on the west bank of the Nile about 380 km
south of Cairo. It's an important commercial center and
is also known for its fine crafts and university. Less
appreciated by the general public is the fact that it was
once the cult center of the supposed wolf-god Wepwawet.
More Striders pass through here than anywhere else in
Egypt. The city is home toaminorcaern, The Sept of the
Second Night, an on-again, off-again proposition in
terms of Gnosis, but one of the only two places in all of
Egypt where the beleaguered tribe may find rest. Beyond
this, Striders come here pursuing legends that a far more

———————E~

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

Nn ee

powerful caern (The Sept of the First Night), allegedly
dwarfing even that of the sun temple at Karnak, once
flourished here. Despite the dubious claims of godhead for
their progenitor, Strider loremasters note this locale asthe
earliest place of residence for the Striders in the world,
perhaps in conjunction with the Neolithic El Badari who
once lived here. The Striders flourished here for millen-
niauntil Set's curse drove them out and they believe that,
if the curse (or Sutekh) is ever defeated, the caern will
spring back to life. Of course — given the fact that the
caern's center is now situated in the middle of a city of
about 350,000 — the caern would most likely be of a
vastly different character than it once was. Various Wyrm
minions also evidently buy into these legends because a
persistent, though largely transient, population of Banes
also stalks the city's Umbral streets. While they particu-
larly target any visiting Garou, other Feraare far from safe.

Sibey

A small town about 115km South of Asyut, Sohag
isnota major tourist attraction, though it issemi-famous
for its White and Red Coptic monasteries. (A thief who
converted to Christianity founded the Red Monastery.)
Sohag is also a power base for the terrorist Al-Gama'at
al-Islamiyya. There are apparently no supernatural in-
habitants here at this time but, like so many other things
about Egypt, first appearances may be deceiving.

Qepa

Qena is a provincial capital located about 39 miles
north of Luxor. It is most famous for its proximity to the
ruins of Dendara and Wadi Qena, a major traffic route
between Upper Egypt and the Red Sea. The city also has
a considerable Sufi heritage and its Sheikh el-Qenawi
Mosque is a magnet for mystics and spiritual seekers of
every description. Al-Gama'at al-Islamiyya has staked out
territory in Qena, an irony considering the Garou who
have chosen to call the place home. The Children of Gaia
have maintained a former Strider caern, the Sept of the
Healing Dawn, nearthe Temple of Dendarasince the great
Strider Diaspora in the wake of Set's curse. The Temple of
Dendara was originally a tomb to Hathor and some tradi-
tions maintain it is the resting-place where Sakhmet was
restored to her more benign persona. Itis thus, perhaps, not
surprising that the caer is the one sanctuary where Silent
Striders may dependably regain Gnosis while in Egypt.
The caern's totem, the Starlight Spirit, is a potent enig-
matic creature that appears most often — when she is seen
at all — as a woman-shaped field of stars. A spirit of both
healing and trickery, she is in large measure responsible for
maintaining the Dendara sanctuary. Banes largely avoid
Qena, not because they fear it perse, but because most seem
strangely oblivious to its existence.

7

meray

|

Sere eve ene aera eevee are comer a en em anrremare ch)

a AA

Luor

Few places capture Egypr's ancient heritage more
than Luxor. Now a city of approximately 150,000, Luxor
is located about 740km (460mi) south of Cairo. The
capital of ancient Egypt during the 11th dynasty and
particularly during the New Kingdom, to the ancient
Egyptians, Luxor was known as Waset, or No, meaning
simply "the city." The Greeks called it Thebes. Luxor is
best known for both Karnak and the smaller temple of
Luxor (both on the east side of the river). On the west
bank are numerous other royal mortuary temples and
tombs, Major temples include the Ramesseum (which
moved the 19th-century English poet Shelley to write
"Ozymandias") and the temple ofthe 18th-dynasty Queen
Hatshepsut. The Valleys of the Kings and the Queens are
large royal necropoli which include the tombs of such
pharaohs as Tutankhamen, Thutmose III (the Napoleon
of Ancient Egypt), Ramesses III, IV and VI, Horemhab
and the conveniently closed tomb of Seti I.

A city of contrasts unlike any other, Luxor encapsu-
lates the duality of Egypt. As with many other places in
Egypt, there is a strong mix of the antediluvian and the
modern. Even the streetnames, which carry such disparate
concepts as Sharia al-Karnak and Sharia Television (not
surprisingly a tourist strip) bespeak this duality. This isnot
the only contradiction inherent to Thebes, however. The
final division is a matter of geography and turf. It is an
ancient, and fairly well known, truism among Khem's
supernatural population thatthe west Nile banks belongto
the undead, while the east is the province of the wolves.
Now often ignored by Egypr's larger supernatural popula-
tion, this old arrangement is still in force in the deserts
surrounding Luxor. Strangely, this arrangement has held
more-or-less intact for millennia, not because of any
formalized agreement, but simply because gals who cross
over to the east bank are liable to be reduced to bloody
giblets by the nearby Red Talon sept, while Garou who
pass to the west simply disappear. Of course, given that the
Red Talons infrequently visit the town proper, the Luxor
city limits are nominally safer for vampires to visit for brief
periods of time (provided they are not caught).

Despite this apparently neat territorial division, given
the confluence of forces here, Luxor is a train-wreck
waiting to happen. The city and the surrounding desert
contains strongholds for groups as diametrically opposed
as the Setite Fire Court, the Red Talon Sept of the
Howling Sands, and the semi-abandoned — but still
potent — Sept of the Midnight Sun (for millennia the
home of the leadership of House Wiseheart). Without a
large human population to act as a buffer (as in Cairo),
Luxor has played host to numerous bloody melees in the
past and, given recent events, another major confronta-
tion is just a matter of time. Itisunknown whether the Al-

Gama'atal-Islamiyya's massacre of 57 tourists in 1997 was
solely an act of human evil or if it somehow reflected the
machinations of the town's supernatural community.

Luxor is also Egypt's royal necropolis nonpareil. Even
visitors who are not particularly adroit at spotting the
restless dead may feel themselves watched. Although the
ancients once saw the spirits here as comparatively be-
nign, in recent centuries, and especially since the recent
great upheaval in Duat, the necropolis' population has
become increasingly threatening. The surrounding Pen-
umbra is unlike anywhere else in Egypt. Strange alien
shadows and cold spots from the nether regions of Duat
impinge on the more familiar Umbral terrain. While not
the Shadowlands proper, both Silent Striders and Silver
Fang members of the Ivory Priesthood alike have never-
theless long cited Luxor as the place where the two realms
comeclosesttotouching. Indeed, even lessnecromantically
inclined Garou have been known to stumble into the
realms of the restless dead here, never toretum. The realm
is riddled with Banes (some truly ancient), but is also
home to various totemic spirits of the Wyld, most notably
those affiliated with the Falcon's brood.

Luxor in the World of Darkness has also been
covered in Giovanni Chronicles III: The Sun Has
Set; this isa Vampire-centric work, but may be of some
use to Storytellers.

na

Esna isa busy farming town, probably most famous
for housing a Greco-Roman temple to the god Khnum.
According to at least some Garou traditions, particu-
larly those of the ancient Warders, the ram-headed
Khnum (a creator-god who fashioned the bodies of
both gods and mankind upon his potter's wheel) was a
highly puissant Weaver spirit, perhaps even on the
order of a minor Incarna. True or not, there seems to
be little supernatural activity here these days.

"fy

Along with sugar and pottery, the people of Edfu
largely make their living from the tourist trade; a quick look
at its west bank illustrates why. The Temple of Horus is the
largest pharaonic (albeit Ptolemaic) temple in the nation.
Constructed several thousand years after many of the
temples in nearby towns, it nonetheless claims a truly
ancient pedigree, as being built on the very site where
Horus and Set allegedly clashed. While those who follow
the Falcon totem consider it a holy place, it is reputedly
even more revered by the Shemsu-heru and, as such, most
Garou and Fera alike are wise enough to give ita respectful
distance. Despite this, the town recently became the center
of a minor stir when a Silver Fang anruth claimed that he
saw a large gathering of the Talons of Horus, a great flock
of falcon-spirits, circling in the nearby Penumbra. This

58 Rage Across Egypt


rumor, though unconfirmed, seems particularly auspicious
to the Fangs, some of whomsee it asa sign that the time has
come to take complete control of theirnearby Luxor caern.

Kom OQwbo

Situated about 40km north of Aswan, Kom Ombo is
a heavily irrigated farming community, peopled by both
fellahin farmers (mostly corn and sugarcane) and a large
population of Nubians displaced when their ancestral
homelands were flooded during the building of the Aswan
Dam. It is also a place of profound mystical significance.
The Temple of Kom Ombo, erected in worship to the
hawk-headed Horus and the crocodilian Sobek, is one of
the strangest in Egypt. Completely symmetrical in every
aspect, the left side of the temple is dedicated to Horus
while the right venerates Sobek. Erected at a scenic bend
in the Nile, it is currently a major tourist attraction.
Rumors have it that the Mokolé have again begun to pass
through here, though no one seems to know for certain.

Atwan

Located about 40km south of Kom Ombo on a
scenic stretch of the Nile near the first cataract, the
modern city of Aswan has a rich history and appears to
have a promising future. During the pharaonic age,
Aswan (then called Sunt) was both a major trading
center anda garrison town for the Egyptians — and later
the Greeks and Romans — who used it as a staging area
for invasions into Sudan, Nubia and Ethiopia. Caravans
of camels and elephants came to Aswan with their
precious cargoes of gold, ivory, spices and slaves. Today
Aswan appears to be little more than a comfortably
lethargic tourist town, cashing in on its ancient history.
Modern hotels house tourists who come to see the Isis
and Kalabasha temples, the 6" Century Coptic Monas-
tery of St. Simeon, and the two nearby dams that have
caused so much controversy. Back alley suqs sell tourist
trinkets including, unfortunately, stuffed crocodiles
hunted in Lake Nasser. There are two main islands near
Aswan. The first is Elephantine Island, named either for
its granite pachyderm-like humps or for the elephants
that once passed this way. The second, Kitchener's
Island, named for the British consul general of Egypt,

was transformed by him into a botanical garden.
Several kilometers south of Aswan is the British
Aswan Dam, while another 6km below is the much larger
High Aswan Dam and Lake Nasser beyond. During the
great flooding that accompanied construction of the High
Aswan Dam, many of the countryside's surrounding an-
tiquities were either moved by a massive UNESCO
operation or lost forever. One of those saved is the Temple
of Isis, which now resides on Agilika Island between the
two dams. This temple is allegedly where Sobek returned
part of Osiris' body to Isis (after Osiris had been murdered

—————

Seer erie rece eer area ar cern remem eer

and dismembered by Set). Of course, even though the
Temple of Isisstill remains intact, the potent Bubasti den-
realm that once drew power within the temple confines
now lies beneath the Nile waters on the temple's original
site, the submerged island of Philae. What use, if any, the
Mokolé have made of this site remains a mystery.
Aswan's status as a trading city continues, though
much of today's traffic is of an illicit sort. Aswan is a major
nexus for the Egyptian drug trade, perhaps not surprising
given that the city also hosts a small population of entre-
preneurial "modernist" Setites. Nor, unfortunately are
Aswan's days as a slaving center behind it, though traffic
has gone underground, It is public knowledge that one can
buy a young boy or girl in neighboring Sudan for twenty-
five dollars; the serpents and other traders are more than
happy to help find such unfortunates work and homes with
corrupt "sponsors" in Egypt and beyond. Despite its idyllic
appearance, Aswan is headed for trouble. Beside the spawn
of Sutekh, it has also attracted both Bubasti and Simba

(due to its proximity to Sudan and the southern Citadel of

Midnight Waters, see below). The Simba warrior Black
Tooth passed through here at least twice before his death
and was known to harbor a good deal of antipathy toward
the local Bubasti. Perhaps most importantly, Aswan (or
more precisely, nearby Lake Nasser) is the last great home
of the Egyptian Mokolé — but for how much longer?
Endron hasa small satellite office here to oversee construc-
tion of the Apophis Pipeline, and it is increasingly clear
that the Mokolé are first on their hit list.

The Penumbra between Aswan and the Sudan
border is particularly rich and verdant, possibly more
truly representing Egypt's ancient past than anywhere
else along the Nile. Leopards, cheetahs and gazelle drink
from the Nile shallows, along with hundreds of bird
spirits and even herds of elephants. Around Aswan the
dams and the nearby city appearas flashing, electric blue
Weaver constructs, but strangely seem to have little
negative affect on the Wyld at large. The two dams
dominate the landscape and appear as vast, natural cliff-
faces teeming with spirit flora and fauna. Additionally,
along strange veins of natural appearing metal ore, the
cliff/dams seethe with electricity elementals from the
dams' generation of hydroelectric power. Explanations
forthe local Weaver's apparent beneficence vary, though
the prevailing sentiment is that the Mokolé have some-
how integrated the disparate constructs into their spirit
paradigm. The same cannot be said of the newly con-
structed Apophis Pipeline, however, which cuts through
the Penumbra like a black and cancerous scar.

Lake Nawer fo Sudan

The Nile flowed virtually unrestricted for thousands
of years of human history, but some people, it seems,
cannot leave well enough alone. In the last century the

ae

a Ae eel

Lortng the Daw

In a reality not relegated solely to the World
of Darkness, the potential destruction of the High
Dam, however likely or remote, means that much
of Egypt lives under the Sword of Damocles. In-
deed, few other countries in the world face the
possibility of such total destruction. One of the
world's largest structures, the High Dam has a
volume about 17 times that of the Great Pyramid
at Giza. Meanwhile Lake Nasser itself averages 9.6
km (6 mi) wide and extends upstream 499 km (310
mi) — about 30% of which is in neighboring
Sudan. Obviously, if someone actually succeeded
in destroying the High Dam, the resulting catas-
trophe as the lake came crashing through the Nile
Delta would be almost unparalleled in its loss of
life, property and historical antiquities.

Although many opposed it when it was first
constructed, even in the World of Darkness there are
few that would profit by destroying the dam. Some of
the more radical Red Talons have been known to
contemplate somehow destroying it as a truly effi-
cient way of returning at least some of the Earth to a
wilder state by cleansing a portion of the Egyptian
wilds of the cursed humans once and forall. Ofcourse
even the bloodthirsty Talons are cognizant of the
consequences of such a genocidal act, and cooler
heads among them realize that no matter how many
monkeys die in the prevailing flood, eventually they
would be back. The Mokolé are similarly split about
the costs and benefits of destroying the dam. Most of
them recognize that the dam had apositive benefit by
breathing new life into their Nubian Wallow (see
below). A small faction within their ranks, however,
believe that — whatever its apparent modern ben-
efits —the dam has irretrievably altered the paths of
memory once represented by the seasonal ebb and
flow of the Nile.

Almost everyone else has a vested interest in
keeping the dam standing. The Storyteller should
note that destroying the dam (and wiping out virtu-
ally all ofinhabited Egypt) would bea gross departure
from real world events. Such an action would invite
an immediate and draconian response from super-
natural agencies as diverse as the Setites, the Tech-
nocracy and the Glass Walkers (but to name a few).
Storytellers who thrive on this sort of high drama
may want to entertain such an event. More tradi-
tional Storytellers, however, may prefer to roundly
discourage any player characters that entertain such
a notion. (Let them concentrate their efforts on
destroying the fictive Apophis Pipeline.)

Rage Across Egypt

a A


British, and later the Egyptians, built two great dams
around Aswan to regulate the Nile and to put more of the
region under cultivation. While these efforts succeeded,
and provided Egypt with a generous supply of hydroelec-
tric power, the dams have also caused no end of troubles.
The British constructed the Aswan Dam above the first
cataract at the turn of the 20 Century. Atthe time it was
the largest structure of its kind in the world, but the later
High Dam dwarfs it. It's a well-known truism in Egypt that
the last crocodile north of the dam was killed (and no
doubt stuffed) by a British officer about this time. Lake
Nasser is the only known habitat left to the Nile crocodile
inEgypt, andas such is the last great refuge for the Mokolé.
Encouraged by the success of the first dam, in 1960
the Nasser government started work on the much larger
High Dam. This was controversial in the world at large,
both for the destruction it would wreak on the nation's
antiquities and because its construction indirectly sparked
the Suez Canal Crisis. Despite this, the dam was eventu-
ally built with Soviet aid and by 1971 Lake Nasser had
drowned numerous archeological sites. UNESCO and
the Egyptian government worked to save some of them,
but other important sites were lost forever, including
several Bubasti dens. The dam's construction also led to
the forced resettlement of some 100,000 Egyptians and
Sudanese Nubians. There are more than a few groups,
supernatural and otherwise, that wouldn't mind seeing
the dam destroyed. Of course, the down side to this is that
the accumulated water stored behind the dam would be
enough to sweep most of the Nile Delta into the Mediter-
ranean if this happened. The rock-cut temple at Abu
Simbel about 280km south of Aswan is the last of the
great temples before one reaches the Sudanese border.

Eatery Arablan) Dater4
awd Sto Fantasia

Foreigners often think of these regions together,
though they are distinct. Constituting the northeastern
fifth of Egypt, the Mediterranean borders them on the
north and the Red Sea to the south. The Gulf of Suez and
the Suez Canal separate the two regions from each other.

The Cattorn Daserf and Red Sea Coath

The Eastern Desert is part of the greater Sahara and
runs the entire length of Egypt's eastern border, from the
Mediterranean in the north to Sudan in the south. Its
eastern and western boundaries are flanked by waterways:
the Nile and Lake Nasser to the west and the Red Sea to
the east. Across the Sea, the desert peers out at Saudi
Arabia. Alternatively called the Arabian Desert or the
Eastern Highlands, the Eastern Desert contains the Red
Sea Mountains and has many peaks that rise tomore than
1,830 m (5,925 ft), with its highest peak, Jabal Shayib,
reaching 2,183 m (7,161 ft). Most of the desert is barren

SN es

and inhospitable, though some of the lower mountain
slopes along the Red Sea are grass covered after the winter
rains. The Arabian Desert is inhabited by nomadic tribes
such as the Maaza (who arrived from Arabia in the 18"
Century), and the Ababda and Bisharin (both of Hamitic
stock). The nomad population mostly lives by herding or
by trading. No major cities or towns are located in the
desert. Since ancient times the desert has been a source of
porphyry, a hard igneous rock. Petroleum, iron ore,
manganese, and granite also occur in the region. These
days there is a heightened military presence, both here
and in Sinai, due to the area's proximity to Israel.

Unlike the inhospitable interior, the Red Sea Coast
is the most rapidly developing area in Egypt. There are
a number of cities and towns along here, including
Zafarana, the oil town of Ras Gharib, Gemsa, Hurghada
(a tourist mecca and the region's primary boomtown)
and the phosphate mining town Port Safaga. While
development has had obvious benefits for the economy,
it has not been without its disadvantages. Environmen-
tally the greatest impact has been on the Red Sea's rich
coral reefs. Both dumping and irresponsible divers have
damaged as much as 80% of the reef, though even in the
world of Darkness there have been efforts to stem the
damage due to the desire to maintain the reefs as a major
tourist attraction. Indeed, Endron has largely been kept
out of the Red Sea drilling business by its corporate
competitors (with an invisible partner in the form of a
local Glass Walker syndicate). Other tentacles of the
Wyrm have managed to entangle themselves in the
region's commercial base, however — most notably
Kauket Mining, a two-times removed subsidiary of the
American based Harold & Harold Incorporated —
which has set up shop in Port Safaga.

There is a confluence of other forces here as well.
With big money to be made in increased tourism and the
rapidly growing population base, the opportunities are
almost too good to pass up, particularly since some of the
country's older supernatural powers have, for one reason
oranother, been seemingly slow off the mark moving into
the region. The Talons, of course, consider the entire
Eastern Desert theirs, and after thousands of years few
things have occurred todisabuse them of thisnotion. This
is partly due to their ferocity in defending their turf, but
also because — at least until the 20" Century — there
have been few agencies, supernatural or otherwise, with
much interest in the barren desert region. The Talons
have twocaernsof vastly different potency in the Arabian
Desert. The first is the Sept of the Howling Sands near
Luxor while the much smaller Sept of Hidden Water
occupies a wandering oasis some 30km southwest of the
city of Suez. Even in once timeless Egypt, however, things
change. In coastal cities like Hurghada, outsiders, mostly
European syndicates, have moved in to make some fast

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 61

|


Seen ree rere sera aren ners. arr ener a rem mreremaseerensw

a 2A

money off the booming tourist trade and the vices that
accompany such good times,

The Arabian when

The Arabian Desert's Penumbra has long been prob-
lematic for shapeshifters, as even the usually Wyld-savvy
Red Talons will attest. Rife with highly unpredictable
Wyld-spirits and other creatures, the Arabian Desert
(and particularly the Red Sea Mountains) is the reputed
home of the Simurgh. The Simurgh is an enigmatic
companion to the Griffin totem, but also cousin to the fey
Chimera totem of the Stargazers. The totem holds prov-
ince over dreams and prophecy, and Garou who sleep in
the eastern Umbra are prone to vivid and occasionally
prophetic dreams. The region as a whole is said to have
gates to the Umbral Flux realm, the Dream Zone, the
Aetherial Realm (mainly from the region's mountainous
areas) and possibly even Arcadia Gateway (see Umbra).

In places the Penumbra's sands are by turns light or
dark blue, and airts tend to turn in on themselves,
meandering aimlessly or fracturing abruptly, leaving trav-
elers in all sorts of unenviable predicaments. Even the
least of the desert's Wyld spirits, dancing color threads/
clouds and the like, are apt to dazzle and confuse. While
the region's inherent wildness has prevented some more
traditional Wyrm-minions like Pentex and the Black
Spiral Dancers from gaining much hold here, it spawns
some truly bizarre Banes all its own. Some have seemingly
little substance, but are merely fearsome apparitions.
Others, are truly deadly, such as hosts of Dream Banes
and, far more dangerous, the Aslynthi —a vicious form
of psychomachia with a spider's body and human facial
features. These frighteningly sentient and wicked Banes
are divided into a sorcerer and a warrior caste, and are
thought by some to be related to the Ananasi or the
Eastern Kumo. The warriors are black, wire-haired night-
mares and a match for even the most accomplished
Ahroun. Those of the sorcerer caste are more delicate,
translucent and beautiful, and delight in torturing their
victims. Both groups are capable of "flying" along invis-
ible webs strung through out the region's aerial climes.
The Aslynthi have appeared in the Arabian Umbra with
disturbing frequency of late. Another interesting denizen
of local lore is a singular entity, a djinni-like creature
known as the Father of Smoke. Garou who have encoun-
tered this spirit have variously described it as a benign
spirit of the Wyld (possibly one of Chimera's brood) or as
a particularly potent Bane of the Dream Maker category
(see Book of the Wyrm, 2™ Ed.).

Whether it is the cause or the result of the Eastern
Desert's strange environs, the Eastern Tower is the
most enigmatic of the four spires, surpassing even the
elusive northern tower in mystery. Indeed, it is known
only as a rumor to the Garou, though questing Stargaz-

62 Rage Across Egypt

eee, ee ee

ers of the World Tree camp are said to have reached it
(though not to have returned). Its traditional anchor
point in the Penumbra is a transient circle of stones
southeast of Safaga. Of course, the Garou are not the
only parties interested in this gate....
Vturgbasa

Situated along the Red Sea coast about 325km south
of Suez, the boomtown of Hurghada was until recently a
sleepy fishing village. While the town's population is still
relatively small (about 40,000 people), there are often
twice that many tourists in town. Not long on ancient
history, the area still has a few sights such as the Roman
Mons Porphyrites (mountain of porphyry) and the nearby
Gebel Abu Dukhan (Father of Smoke). The town itself
has become highly Westernized with numerous hotels
(more than anywhere else in Egypt except Cairo), bars,
trendy shops, dive-clubs (including submarine tours of the
reefs) and discos with names like Cha-Cha and La Bamba
to serve the area's mostly European clientele. The town
has gained the reputation as a "party town," which means
that, despite Islamic law and local customs, Hurghada has
become a center for drugs, alcohol and vice.

Supernatural interest in the region has increased
accordingly, The Glass Walkers realized they had agood
deal with the region over 30 years ago, but since then
word of the area's growth (and potential profits) have
gone far beyond Egypt's borders. A human syndicate
backed by a coterie of particularly vicious and brash
young European vampires has made inroads into local
profits of late. There are indications that this vampire
pack has a working relationship with the Black Spiral
hive in Port Said and things are getting ugly. Of course,
both sides have many problems they must overcome.
For the gals it is necessary to curtail their hunting
activities in the still small town (they mostly keep
tightly controlled "herds" of humans about them for this
purpose), lest they pop the tourist bubble. Meanwhile
the Glass Walkers must contend with the fact that the
region is seemingly devoid of caerns (the Red Talons
have, not surprisingly, shown little interest in sharing).
The Glass Walkers have largely ameliorated this prob-
lem by employing a private helicopter that they use to
shuttle between the coast and more Gnosis-rich areas.

Ra Charl

A miserably polluted oil town, visiting Garou may
be surprised to learn that it isnota base for Endron (given
the area's poor environmental record, the conglomerate
needn't bother), but is rather under the auspices of the
EGPC and more traditional oil companies. The town
has the usual assortment of villagers and transient oil
workers, some of whom can be tough customers in their
own right. Workers from Ras Gharib and other nearby


industrial towns like to relax by coming into tourist
towns like Hurghada to mix with the tourists and,
sometimes, to cause trouble. Just because the town has
no Pentex interests hardly means that it is free of Wyrm
taint. In fact the entire town is a Hellhole with ex-
tremely unpleasant Banes— including H'rugglings and,
allegedly, a mating couple of Drattosi — living in its
sooty Umbral environs. One of the primary executives
within the corporate oil structure is Gamal Ragab, a
potent independent fomor of the Ferectoi breed. He has
made the town a refuge of sorts for other independent
fomori, the more human looking of which hold various
positions in the drilling operation. Enjoying his autono-
mous status, Ragab has worked to keep Endron out of
town and may even attempt to dissuade visiting Garou
from shutting him down by throwing them information
about the conglomerate's operations elsewhere.

Cort Subd and fhe Suez. Canal

Modern Port Said was built in 1859 on anarrow spit
of sand between Lake Manzala and the Mediterranean
Sea. Straddling the divide between the Eastern Desert
and the Sinai Peninsula, it is a bustling trade center at
the eastern most tip of the Nile Delta, about 175 km
(110 mi) northeast of Cairo. It has a population of
approximately 500,000 and is the administrative head-
quarters for the Suez Canal. Its deepwater outer harbor
is the principal fueling station for passing ships and it
handlesa large part of Egypt's export trade in cotton, rice
and salt. The principal industries are fishing and the
manufacture of chemicals and tobacco products. The
city isalsoa popular summer resort. Bereft of the ancient
history found in much of Egypt, in many ways Port Said
is more reminiscent of mid-sized new cities throughout
the world, with all the good and bad that this entails.
Mosques, modern office buildings, factory complexes,
19" Century British manses and squalid slums make the
city a varied and somewhat surreal experience.

Until very recently Port Said was home to a
strangely fastidious and benign Ratkin family, but all
that changed two decades ago. Following a skirmish
between the Ratkin and Endron, the bolthole was
abruptly invaded by one of Egypt's two Black Spiral
packs. Reshaping the bolt hole to their own purposes,
the Black Spiral Hive of the Boiling Sands now exports
terror throughout Egypt and has become particularly
troublesome to the Last Stone pack in Damietta (though
the hive has its own problems, as detailed below).

Suez

Mostly destroyed during the 1967 and 1973 wars with
Israel, today Suez shows little outside indication of damage,
but the war scars run deep. Mostly a smoky, industrial city,
Suez is a crossroads at the southernmost tip of the Red Sea

> a

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

INN es

andthesouthern mouth of the SuezCanal. Despitearecent
facelift, the city can be crudely (and with exceptions)
divided between the industrial business sector and a large
tangle of back-alley slums. The business sector is mostly
clean and modem, if austere; the docks are busy day and
night, handlingtankers, luxury yachtsand Muslim pilgrims
en route to Mecca. The slums on the other hand are some
of the most dangerous in Egypt, mostly owing to a largish
family of Ratkin who moved into the city after the last war.

If the rats in Cairo are corrupt and insane, the
Ratkin of Suez seem to be nothing short of pure evil.
The Suez bolt hole in the Penumbra swarms with
thousands of diseased rats and, if one dares tread
deeper, is connected with the Scar, the Umbral do-
main affiliated most closely with the worst aspects of
industrialism. The rats of Suez also hold power in
nearby Port Taufiq (see Sinai, below). Suez's rodent
leader is Chethetho, a former Knife Skulker of some

The Sivez. Canal

The Suez Canal flows from Port Said in the
north and passes by several cities (Qantara, Ismalia
and the Great Bitter Lake) to Suez in the south.
The canal has been the flashpoint for interna-
tional tensions since it was first started in 1854. In
1875 the British became the largest shareholders
in the Suez Canal Company, thereby setting the
stage for decades of direct and indirect British rule.
After WWII the canal became a major artery for
oil and a lynchpin in Cold War strategy. Nasser's
nationalization of the canal in 1956 sparked the
invasion of Egypt by Britain, France and Israel. In
recent years tanker traffic and revenues have de-
clined asa result of competition from oil pipelines,
and the mysterious sinking of an Endron tanker in
early 2001 didn't help matters. Blame for the
incident has been widespread, with suspects as
disparate as Islamic terrorists, Endron itself and (in
supernatural circles) Damietta's Last Stone pack.

Sumed Pipeline: The Sumed pipeline is an
alternative to the Suez Canal for transporting oil
from the Persian Gulf region to the Mediterranean.
The 200-mile pipeline runs from Ain Sukhna on
the Gulf of Suez to Sidi Kerir on the Mediterranean.
Considered a major "choke point" in world oil
supplies, the closure of the Sumed Pipeline would
add greatly to transit time and cost of oil. This
vulnerability is one of the stated reasons leading to
Endron's construction of the Apophis line. The
Arab Petroleum Pipeline Company (APP) owns
the Sumed pipeline, ajoint venture between Egypt,
Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, the U.A.E. and Qatar.

63

manne

|

!

repute before she became enamored with Lord
Thurifuge, the Maeljin potentate of disease. Needless
to say, neither less corrupt Ratkin nor Garou have
dared set foot in the city in years. Chethetho has
recently formed a loose-knit coalition with both the
Bone Gnawer Maneaters in Cairo and the Port Said
Black Spiral Dancers in an aggressive plan to make the
entire Suez Canal zone free of Gaian Garou.

Sod

The Sinai Peninsula is a rocky plateau of burning
desert that connects Egypt to Israel. Rich in history,
portent and faith, the Sinai Peninsula constitutes much
of what is referred to generically as the Holy Land, with
sites important to Christians, Muslims and Jews alike.
Here the holy books record that Moses received the 10
Commandments at Mt. Sinai. It was also in Sinai where
Mary, Joseph and Jesus supposedly rested during their
flight from King Herod, and it was through here that the
Arab General Amr brought Islam to Africa. Hence,
with so many holy spots at stake, it is little wonder that
all three religions have felt free to kill in order to control
the region. From the Crusaders to, far more recently, the
bloody wars between Egypt and Israel, the Holy Land
has long been the sight of fierce bloodshed.

Under Egyptian control since 1982 —albeit with
aUN Multinational Force and Observers group (MFO)
to help keep the peace — Sinai, like many other places
in Egypt, has undergone major changes in the last few
decades. The Egyptian government, in order to create
more arable land and to relieve overcrowding in the
Delta, has begun a massive program to irrigate parts of
the peninsula, building paved roads and desalinization
plants. Incentives have been offered to move to the
region (in many cases dislocating the 14 Bedouin
tribes who have called the region home for centuries)
and, of course, the entire realm has become a major
destination for tourists and pilgrims of many faiths.

Geography: Sinai is, tounderstate the matter, striking
territory. Israel, Jordan and Saudi Arabia all border Sinai
to the east, though Jordan and Saudi Arabia don't actually
touch Egypt, but peer at it from across the narrow Gulf of
Aqaba, The northern coast, from Port Said to the Israel
border, is largely desert but lined with palms. The top 60%
of the peninsula consists mostly of desert and dry wadi beds,
with swampland along the coast. Unlike the hard reaches
of the Western Desert, Sinai's interior is not entirely
barren, but hosts a delicate, and increasingly endangered,
ecosystem. This is particularly noticeable when, after the
winter rains, seeds that have lain dormant for years sud-
denly bloom, draping entire plains in a spectacularly brief
mantle of green. Almost the entire lower 40% of the
peninsula consists of jagged reddish-brown mountains.

yma

a fee

Among these are Mt. Sinai and Gebel Katherina (the
highest mountain in Egyptand the purported resting-place
of Saint Catherine, the martyr of Alexandria).

Thepeninsula'spopulation centersare primarily coastal,
though a slender net of small desert and mountain towns is
strung together throughout the interior bya tenuoussystem
of roads. Starting with Qantara in the region's northeastern
comer, sparse coastal towns along the Mediterranean in-
clude Bir al-Abd, swamp-side Al-Arish and Rafah (which
borders Israel and the Gaza Strip). Thereafter, working
south and west, the towns of the northern desert consist of
the Suez city of Ismailia, Bir Gifgafa (near the Khatmia
Pass), Bir Hasana, Birath-Thamadaand Quseima (near the
Israeli border). Many of the interior roads are mostly or
exclusively used by the Egyptian military. About one third
of the way down the Sinai's western border is Port Taufiq.
From near here runs Route 33, a desert highway thatdivides
the region almost neatly into north and south. The high-
way passes towns such as Nakhl and Tamad, and ends at
Taba at the apex of the Gulf of Aqaba. A point of conten-
tion between Israel and Egypt until 1982, Taba borders
both countries and Saudi Arabiaas well. Several kilometers
south of Taba is Pharaoh's Island, a site famous for a fortress
built by Crusaders in 1115 and subsequently captured by
Salah ad-Din.

South Sinai is almost completely mountainous and
even more thinly populated than the northern deserts,
except along the coast which mirrors the Eastern Desert's
Red Sea Coast in its development. Starting with Port
Taufiq and running south, Sinai's east coast towns along
the Gulf of Suez include the oil town Ras al-Sudr, the
regional capital El-Tor, and the booming tourist town of
Sharm el-Sheikh (host to several peace conferences) at the
region's southern tip. Finally, the region's west coast towns
along the Straits of Tiran and Gulf of Aqaba (all across from
Saudi Arabia) include both tourist towns and, strangely,
Egypt's only true nature preserves. Running south tonorth,
these are the tourist towns of Nabq and Dahab (and their
similarly named preserves) and the town of Nuweiba.

Sipervatored Sioa

Given its zealous monotheist history, Sinai is not
particularly hospitable to the Garou nor the undead, but
far less so to the latter category. Set's curse against the
Striders simply does notstretch into the Peninsula, though
whether this is due to the land's holy status, because it lies
beyond the Eastern Tower or forsome other reason is up for
debate. Whatever the reason, both the cessation of Set's
curse and the region's high incidence of True Faith (mak-
ing it virtually devoid of the undead) have made Sinai a
haven of sorts from which some Striders launch expedi-
tions into their homeland. Of course, simply because there
are no vampires, this hardly means the land is safe. Unfor-
tunately, what may have once existed in the way of caems

Rage Across Egypt

a a Vf


here have long been either depleted or snatched up by the
region's largish mage population, many of whom have
strong designs for the region — plans that brook little
interference from the Changing Breeds. Hence, most of
Sinai's shapeshifter population tends to be transient.
Besides expatriate Striders, the region's thin Garou
population consists mainly of Children of Gaia, visiting
Stargazers and the occasional stray Red Talon. The east
coast tourist towns of Dahab and Sharm el-Sheikh share
some of the booming (mostly Western and Israeli) tourist
business found on the Red Sea coast. Dahab in particular
has been unfavorably compared to Daytona Beach in
Florida, and is known as a corridor for the drug trade.
Seemingly devoid of supernatural inhabitants until re- ~
cently, it has become of late a retreat in which Cairo's few
non-cannibal Bone Gnawers have set up shop. There are
other points of interest for visiting Garou, though these are
more likely to be dangerous than rewarding. Port Taufiq,
asuburb of sorts forthe city of Suez (and similarly decrepit),
isalso largely dominated by the Suez Ratkin. Nearby Oyun
Musa (the Springs of Moses), however, is apparently a
chantry for theurgic magi, some of whom have come into
conflict with the rats and who may prove useful short term
allies in breaking Chethetho's hold on the two port cities.
The peninsula's Penumbra has some particularly in-
teresting phenomena. The spectacular plant blooms after
the winter rains, as seen in the mundane world, are as
nothing compared to the almost frightening profundity of
plant growth sometimes witnessed in the Penumbra. Al-
mostas soonas the skies darken and the rain begins to fall,
the low mountain reaches and coastal planes spring forth
with greenery as if viewed through time-lapse photogra-
phy. Almost assuddenly, a vast panoply of animal spirits—
some indigenous to the realm (including gazelles, rock
hyraxes and the like), as well as species long extinct or
wholly alien — appear in abundance, only to disappear
days or even hours later as the plants die once more.
The Penumbra adjacent to the southern moun-
tains is a place of Wyld air spirits, and rumors speak of
hidden Anchorheads between here and the "Cavern
of Sokar" (see below), an Umbral domain sacrosanct
to several avian totems. Rumors of a lost Stargazer
caern surface about this region from time to time, but
so far with little proof to back them up. In fact the one
consistently rumored caern is also home to Fara'un
Shark (literally the Eastern Pharaoh), one of the most
powerful and wicked of the ancient Shabti. The skin
and bones of past trespassers in her mad dominion
decorate various passes in the razor sharp mountains.

Wasfern (Libyan) Desert
The Western Desert is Egypt's largest and most barren
region. It is also, with the possible exception of the Nile

————E—eeEE

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

INN ee

Delta, the most dangerous. Except for a few oases it has
virtually no human settlements (less than 1%) and is
punctuated by geological formations that are, in a word,
"bizarre." Among certain mystic circles, the Western
Desert is also considered a stronghold for the elder darks
that ruled the world before the pharaohs or even before
humanity itself. Described variously as the burial place of
the mythic Second City (home of the oldest, pre-Antedi-
luvian vampires) or even as a resting place for the Wyrm
itself, such fanciful storiesaside, there isnodenying thatan
ancient and murderous intelligence resides somewhere
beneath the desert sands. No one knows the real truth
behind the region; dark rumors and whispered innuendo
are the rule of the day. The greatest Bubasti kuashas and
the wisest lore-masters among the wolves know little;even
the Setites avoid it like they would the moming sun and
have their own dark rumors of what lies in wait out there.

While such legends may seem like paranoid ramblings
to newcomers, the truth is that the whole region seems to
lie in silent wait for supernatural creatures, Ironically, the
few human settlers who live here seem far safer than more
"awakened" visitors. Occasionally Garou and Fera have
dared this desert. Those who go there seeking answers
typically run into one of three ends: Some wander aimlessly
oreven live here forshort periods, finding nothingatall and
reporting the dangers (and rumored rewards) of the region
as greatly exaggerated. Others come back mad, unable to
give a coherent account of their experiences, or do not
retum at all —swallowed up by the desert. The only lasting
exception to this rule, at least from a Garou perspective, are
the Silent Striders who work around the cursed central
desert and make their way along forgotten paths to the
Citadel of Western Fire near the Libyan border.

The Qattara Deprastion

One of the lowest places on the planet, some 133m.
(436 ft) below sea level, the Qattara Depression isanearly
impossible quagmire of sand, salt lakes and marshes
covering about 18,100 sq. km, an area only slightly
smaller than nearby Israel. Navigation here is difficult (as
both the Allies and the Axis learned during WWII) and,
although the soft, marshy ground is indicative of water, it
is highly mineralized and most of it is not fit to drink.
Attempts have been made to make use of the region,
including several hydrosolar projects, which would in-
volve excavating a channel from the Mediterranean and
letting the seawater into the desert. So far these plans
have come to naught and the one organization toactually
begin construction, Endron, swiftly discovered the lesson
learned by previous supernatural visitors to the region.

For a period during the early to mid-90s, the corpora-
tion ambitiously sunk money and human resources into
the region. Then, during a tension fraught week in 1997
(not widely reported in the press), the company received

5

——

(pe eae a nr a ar

ae AZ

anumberoffrantic calls, dispatched (and lost) a First Team
and several other key operatives, only to finally abandon
almost $250,000,000 dollars of equipment to rust in the
marshes. Meanwhile, some Bastet believe the main reason
for all this frenzied activity to develop the region can be
spelled out in one word —Swara. About 20 years ago some
reportssurfaced that cheetahs were returning to the region,
mainly owing to the fact that it contained ample small
game but was virtually devoid of human settlement. Ru-
mors that the Swara accompanied these developments
similarly circulated in more rarefied circles. Consumers
who remember Endron's "Put a Cheetah in your Engine"
campaign of a few years back might be somewhat cynical
about the conglomerate's motives in this region — if only
they knew about it. Of course Endron has never been one
to walk away from an investment and, after the retirement
and subsequent suicide of its last regional manager, the
company seems prepared to try again.
Onat

There are several major oases (Siwa, Farafra, Dakhla,
Bahariyya and Kharga) which account for the only human
settlementin this part of the country. Torelieve overpopu-
lation in the Delta, the government hasencouraged people
(mostly landless fellahin) to settle these isolated green
spots, and have dubbed the region centeringon the Kharga
: Al-Wadi al-Gedid or the "New Valley." Some folks have
taken the bait and a few of these spots have become
outright touristy. The government has built roads to these
areas so getting there isn't that difficult. As some Bubasti
and Garou have discovered, it's leaving that's the problem.

Bahariyya: There are several small towns here, the
largest of which is Bawiti (population 30,000). One
interesting feature of this area is Black Mountain, a flat-
topped hill with the remnants of a WWI British outpost.
Fera who have investigated the town have found little to
suggest supernatural activity in this oasis of late (despite
rumors of a European vampire who hunted here during
and after the Great War), but as with most things in the
Western Desert, such reports are hardly definitive.

Dakhla: Fertile Dakhla is one of the main food sources
in Egypt, producing rice, wheat, mangoes, olives and dates.
There are two main settlements here, the old town of Mut
and Al-Qasr, with about 75,000 inhabitants around this
oasis all told. By turns squalid and picturesque, large parts
of the old city in Mut have been used as a dump. This
became a positive asset to a small pack of Cairene Bone
Gnawers who, fleeing infection and subsequent bloodshed
from the Jackal Fever in 1998, sought out Dakhla for the
reputedly miraculoushealing properties of its waters. What
happened next was, depending on whom you hear it from,
a senseless tragedy or a comedy of errors. The Bone
Gnawers, failing to find balm in the healing waters, ran
afoul of no less a personage than the Simba Black Tooth

Sener reuse eoreenen anerensas are ammrnenen.ressmnenwensnreah)

66


who had come to the oasis for reasons unknown after a
failed encounter with the Lake Nasser Bubasti. What little
chance there was of a peaceful encounter was shattered
when the mysterious murder of one of Black Tooth's tribe
drove the proud Bastet to slaughter the Bone Gnawer
refugees to the last cub; the Garou would not gounavenged.
Ironically this chance encounter infected the seemingly
unstoppable Black Tooth and his pride with a plague so
virulent that, while finally cured, some believe was con-
tributory to his eventual death. Since then, neither Bastet
nor Garou have shown much interest in Dakhla.

Farafra: Almost dead center in the Libyan Desert, this
isthe smallest of its oases and its main town, Qasr al Farafra,
has a population of 2800 (mainly Bedouins). It's almost
completely isolated from the outside world and there are
unknown supernatural agencies interested in keeping it
that way. Whether these are centered in the old Roman
tuins around the spring baths, or from the so-called "white
desert" (Sahra el-Beida, an alien-looking region of bone-
white rock formations shaped by wind erosion), something
has staked out this oasis as its own and has no interest in
sharing. Among the Garou and other Fera, Farafra has
taken on one of the darkest reputations in Egypt because
it was once the home to a Warder caern known simply as
"Ptah's Eye." Situated in reasonable proximity to the
Western Tower and believed to draw from a similar
reservoir of energies, sometime during the Middle King-
dom it became the focus for the Warder tribe's one attempt
to emulate their Strider neighbors and to open a portal to
the Dark Umbra. Predictably, the experiment ended tragi-
cally and the entire sept disappeared, rumored to have
fallen into the City of Hungry Knives (see below). Now a
Flying Dutchman legend of sorts has grown around the
caern, with sightings reported near and far (complete with
gruesome descriptions of screaming, tormented Garou
beckoning for help). The truth of such legends, or perhaps
the caern's new found usefulness as a fateful lure by its new
occupants, remains a matter of much debate.

Kharga: The largest and most developed oasis in the
Western Desert, its primary population center is the town
of Al-Kharga (population 70,000). Many of the people
living here are Berbers, descendants of the original inhab-
itants, and there are some interesting ruins, including a
temple to Amun and 4-6" Century Coptic necropolis.

Siwa: Appearing like a mirage southwest of the
Qarttara Depression, idyllic Siwa is the largest oasis in the
Western Desert, and the one with the richest history.
Alexanderthe Great came toconsult with the oracle here,
who (being no fool) confirmed that the Greek general was
indeed the son of Zeus and rightful ruler of Egypt. Both the
Ptolemaic Pharaohs and Roman conquerors also built
structures here. These included famous temple to Amun,
the Mount of the Dead (Roman tombs) and, some allege,

Sanna Tia

INN ee

Alexander the Great's tomb — but after that the region
saw hardly another Western visitor until British and
Italian troops clashed here in the early years of WWII.
Today the verdant oasis's mostly Berber population has
become only a partially willing host to both foreign
tourists and fellahin workers from the Nile Delta. The
oasis also has less visible visitors, the most important of
whom are Silent Striders who sometimes pass through
here to and from their Citadel of the Western Flame,
which rests about 50km west of Siwa through hard desert.
Of course, stealthy as they are, the Striders' passage
through this region has not gone unnoticed...

The Wartern Fensmbra

The Penumbra touching on this desert is by turns either
eerily silent or cacophonic as it is wracked by some of the
greatest sandstorms in the Tellurian. The silent times can be
deceptive and lull unwary visitors into forgetting that the
untouched desert is a place of unfettered, primordial Wyld.
This aspect is most apparent in its role as the perennial
spawning ground of the Khamsin, a great storm-spirit that
prowls Egypt's Penumbra. The Weaver has little influence
here, butthe third member ofthe Triat, the Wyrm, hardly goes
underrepresented. The actual number of Banes living in the
Western Desertare apparently few, but those who dolive here
are so ancient that they do not appear in any of the old lists.

Tot (The Umbra)

Prior to the rise of civilization, human mages were
mostly of the natural variety —experienced with the plant
and animal worlds, and the passing of the seasons — but
who had not yet codified the world into a complex written
corpus. The rise of organized Egyptian magic, unprec-
edented until that time, lead early Egyptian mages tomake
hitherto unheard of experiments in the spirit world. The
surrounding Umbra became a combination laboratory and
painter's canvas. Some experiments were successful and
made a lasting contribution to the larger body of classical
magic. Others went horrendously awry and their repercus-
sions still reverberate through the spirit world to this day.

First among the culprits in this latter category was
the Egyptian search for immortality, a pursuit that lead
sorcerers in all manner of directions, pursuing life,
death, time and spirit magics. Obviously some of their
research was rewarded, as evidenced by the Shemsu-
heru (who have seemingly based their existence on a
metaphysic of the soul different from that found any-
where else in the world) and the enigmatic Ushabti.
Unfortunately, the sword cuts both ways and, as early
magi gained power and knowledge from the Umbra, so
too the spirits gained inroads in the material world.

So, aside from its Penumbra, which has a distinctly
Egyptian flavor throughout, how does the Egyptian Um-

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 67

ENS

|

eT

a SA

bra differ from that found anywhere else in the world?
After all, as any experienced Umbral explorer can attest,
most of the deeper spirit realms are less local and more
universal in scope, touching not so much on individual
geographies but concerning themselves with deeper ar-
chetypal matters. While this still holds as true in Egypt as
elsewhere, the early magics that contained its Penumbra
also imprinted some of their features on adjacent realms.
The places listed below represent the original twelve
domains acknowledged by the AncientEgyptians; clearly
the lists have expanded since then. So, while it is fully
possible for an Egyptian traveler to enter realms other
than those listed below, the Storyteller should work to
integrate such trips into the scenario's motif.

The Four Toners

The true origins and purposes of the towers
While mostoccult scholars believe they were bui
proto-mages at the dawn of the Pharaonic age,
their genesis much fa

Seemingly situated i in a rough diame

West), the enigmatic spires also seemingly

as otherwise wreak in at

suspect that the towers were ales to direct and
amplify Egypt's spiritual energies. Adding to this confu-
sion, some of the towers are built along architectural
conventions that belie their ancient past. The east tower,
for example, is an Arabesque minaret of a style not seen
until less than a thousand years ago, leading some to
believe that the towersare farnewer than usually claimed,
while others assert that they change their outward form
with the shifting cultural milieu. Such polemics aside,
those shapeshifters who have managed to gain some
familiarity with the towers — most notably the Striders
in the west and the Bubasti to the south — have done
little to penetrate the towers' inner secrets.

Atonce both the most solid and yet otherworldly of
the four towers, the structure known simply as the Eastern
Tower represents both the constancy of the earth and the
ephemeral nature of dreams. East is the direction of the
risingsun andso, by extension, the symbol of birth andnew

68 Rage Across Egypt

i ————

possibilities. And such are the tales of the eastern spire.
Sometimes associated with Yaaru (the 12 Domain listed
below), it surpasses even the ethereal North Tower in
mystery. Despite many attempts, no Garou has ever been
known toreach, much lessenter it (though certain Bubasti
legends speak of feline visitors from across the seas coming
and going as they please). Occasionally Umbral travelers
describe seeing visions of the tower, a single slender spire
with smooth alabaster walls and a gold minaret standing
tall against a desert of blue sands, and dervish's tales
conjure images of spectacular treasures dug from the rich
earth, and of hidden secrets. The deity most commonly
associated with the Eastern Tower is the ancient Egyptian
god Min, whom the Greeks knew as Pan. The traditional
ite for the tower is a circle of stones in the Penumbra
st of the Red Sea town Sabie Visitors to the
shere, leadnot to Yaaru,

lin (the Cavern of

er of Banes have used

d if not impossible, to reach, as it only
in any given location for a short time. Fera have
reported seeing it in the Penumbra near

nta and it seems to have a certain corre-

hieroglyphs. Wider at the
agraceful, sail-like arc,
tire tower seems tofloat

d then tapering upward
itsapparent weight, theé

€ direction north is oft affiliated with the noonday
hour (and physical activity), and similarly the tower has
always appeared only in the full light of Umbral day. It is,
hence, disturbing that some local spirits have recently
reported seeing glimpses of it at night, lit by scarlet
lightning and surrounded by a swarm of Banes.

The winds that perpetually surround this tower vary in
intensity, from refreshing coastal breezes to full force
Mediterranean gales, though of late the air around it has
been filled with soot and the tower's airy marble surface
seems blackened and dull. The factious Garou who have
made their home in the nearby Sept of the Etesian Wind
(see below) have made it their occupation to study the
tower's movements. Even they, however, have never
managed to enter the tower, which seems to recede eter-
nally away when approached. The key to entering it is a
fabled lapis seal embossed with the hieroglyph for air, but
itscurrentwhereaboutsare unknown and fodder fora quest
all its own. Nevertheless, the tower seems to impart some
of its power to the nearby caem. The spirit companion to

a


this tower is Amaunet, the Egyptian "goddess" of the
northern wind and a remote totem of the Black Fury tribe.

Nast (Fire avo Tigh)
It is little wonder that of all four towers, it is the
Citadel of the Western Flame that causes the most fear in
those who hear of it. West, after all, is the direction of the
setting sun and in many cultures the direction tradition-
ally affiliated with death. An aspect of this tower appears
in the Penumbra about 50km south of the Siwa Oasis, but
is difficult to find because the region is shrouded by a thick
black mist and replete with Death's Breath spirits and
sinister shadows, said to be the spirits of the restless dead.
Dark and foreboding, the Western Tower sits on an
elevated promontory of black granite. The towe
seems to be carved from the same material,
square around its base and —at least from any d
apparently featureless. A low hanging ceiling
clouds perpetually shrouds its upper reaches.
The Silent Striders, who sacrificed much
from its earlier o1 ha
the Western Flame as 1
a Penumbral presence, and ins
there by those who know how,

the first of the domains listed below (
From here it marks the beginning

travel into the realm of the y
Striders hope) to their Tri

spirit protector of the
fearsome canid who re

greenery, in keeping with its name the Citadel of
night Waters overlooks a realm of eternal night. Visually
the most intriguing of the four towers, this structure
dominates the surrounding Penumbra, appearing at once
both inviting and ominous. Consisting of an almost
fractal conglomeration of flat-plane segments, as if cut
from a hundred pyramids by a mad op-artist, its orange-
gold sandstone surface is smooth as glass but with thou-
sands of sharp, faintly glowing comers. This jagged,
geometric appearance is softened, however, by a multi-
tude of large and small waterfalls, pouring down its sides
and into the dark Nile waters at its foot.

Situated along the Penumbral Nile just over the
modern Sudanese border, in ancient times the Southern
Tower was affiliated with Dedun, the Lion-headed god of
wealth and increase (and more obscurely with Satis, the
homed archer goddess and guardian of the Nubian bor-
der). And certainly it cannot be denied that the Bastet
have long held controlling interest in this tower. These

SE

INN ee

nights it is the Bubasti who hold dominion here, ruling
like latter-day pharaohsoverthe primitive humans whose
reed huts dot the surrounding Umbrascape. Until a mere
150 years ago, however, it was the Simba who held sway
over the tower. Indeed, it is said that Sakhmet herself
once ruled the surrounding Penumbra from here.

The circumstances surrounding the transfer of re-
gency over the tower differ, depending upon to whom
one listens. The Bubasti claim that the Simba cowardly
abandoned the tower in the wake of colonial imperial-
ism. The Simba, meanwhile, maintain the Bubasti took
the tower by trickery, offering to oversee it while the
Simba dealt with pressing matters in the African inte-
tior, but then usurping it. In fact, one would not be too

ical in supposing that, occasional statements to the
fitrary, the Bubasti have no interest in returning the
to its "rightful owne:

nights. The substance

d amystery. Like the other

idnight Waters holds a deeper

al'correspondence, in this case with the aptly
d Cavern of the Life of Forms (see below).

already been described in
ip with the spirit world goes
virons. According to such
the Book of Gates and the
b as the Book of the Dead,
accurately translated as "Coming into Light")
are twelve regions of the spirit world, one for each
r of night. These legends describe the Celestine
Amun Re's journey through night to be rejuvenated the
next day. In this legend, the sun-god battled the serpent
Apophis and was helped along his way by various gods
and spirits including, of all entities, Set — one of the few
benign actions attributed to the vampiric snake-god. (Of
course, the true tale of Sutekh's involvement in this cycle
may differ from published legend.)

Amun Re's journey, from beginning to end, was
reputedly grueling even for a god. Certain fools and
mystics believe that treading the hours of night in the
order traveled by the Celestine would afford the seeker
great insights, possibly even godlike powers. Since Re's
time, however, the broad road between the domains has
become fragmented (partially through the meddling of
human sorcerers) and, if anything, even more treacher-
ous. For lesser creatures, following the Celestine's path
would be sheer folly, though there are those who have
tried. Most shapeshifters and other denizens of Egypt's
Umbra, however, must be content to travel to one or

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 69

TENG

a
|

|

a 2A

two domains, and not in the order traveled by the sun
god. Some of Egypt's 12 domains may be familiar, even
to foreign Garou, while others are only found within the
country's spirit borders. An aspect of the Nile appears in
all twelve domains, though it varies vastly in size and
importance. In some domains it constitutes almost the
entire realm, while in others it is a mere trickle.
Gates, Guardians and Goddesses: For each of the
realms listed below, tradition holds that there is a
sebkhet (a gate, literally a "fiery door") through which
one must enter or leave. These vary greatly in appear-
ance; some are obvious while others are cleverly hidden.
Many sebkhet have notseena Garou pass through them
in their aeons-long histories. The gates listed below are
not necessarily the only ways in and out of each domain,
but they are the only ones currently within the province
of Garou knowledge. In keeping with nigh universal
magic precepts, each realm has a male and a female
principle: a serpent guardian (a male symbol, though the
guardian is not always a serpent) and a "goddess of
hours" (who served as both an avatar of, and titular ruler
over, the realm). In all likelihood, both serpent and
goddess are/were major Jaggling spirits or at most minor
Incarna rather than gods. Since few of these gates are
open to the Garou or Fera, however, the truth remains
debatable. Further, things have changed since the age of
the pharaohs. Spirits have migrated, kingdoms have
risen and fallen, and the old gods, if gods they were, have
largely passed beyond. Opportunistic spirits have flooded
in to take up residence where once the old gods ruled.

The Tile Realist
1 Tha Covat Cty

What was once called the Great City of Osiris isnow
a barren gray stone plane hung heavy with clouds that
ever threaten, but never deliver, rain. A place of bleak
cold winds, hidden pitfalls and sickly stagnant water, it is
thought by many to be the front doorstep to the Abyss.
Yawning, bottomless pits dot the landscape in a haphaz-
ard fashion, but there are no true landmarks. Nevertheless
itis easy enough to tell direction. On one horizon isa fiery
orange glow, while in the opposite direction isa thin band
reminiscent of a pleasant desert sunrise (the Sub-Planes
of Dispersion and Solidification; see below). Intermit-
tently the pits belch forth a screeching, black Bane-wind.
Those caught up in this storm are torn at by debris, chill
talons and mocking alien laughter. Some so assaulted are
unfortunate enough to be hurled bodily into the stormy
skies and spirited back to the spirit-wind's source beneath
the earth. It is said that these winds emanate from Re-
Stau (the "City at the Pit of Whirling Forces"), an abyssal
city of black spires and pain. Few travelers, however, are
interested in investigating the winds' origin and so the

70 Rage Across Egypt

NT Se es

city remains an enigma. The domain's guardian serpent
was simply named Guardian of the Desert; the hour
goddess was once the none-too-subtly named "Splitter of
the Heads of Osiris' Enemies." Neither of them has been
in evidence here for millennia, however, and have seem-
ingly long ago moved to realms beyond.

Sebkhet (He of the Hidden Name, Osiris): Reach-
able from the Penumbra with little effort (once one has
gleaned the merest secrets of the Western Citadel), there
are still few Garou who willingly enter this gloomy realm.
After all, who seeks death? The entrance is merely a twin
outcropping of dark stone. It is far easier to leave through
the first horizon, a great miles high curtain of fire that
springs effortlessly into full view after a short walk. This
is the Sub-plane of Dispersion and to pass into its fires is
todie. Whether this death is permanent or not is the only
issue. Local Striders know a ritual taught by the caern
totem Ienpw that allows fora temporary cessation of body
functions (the heart stops, the character doesn't breathe,
etc.) and allows one passing through the fire a chance of
resurrection. This fire leads to the realm of the restless
dead. The other horizon is the Sub-Plane of Solidification
(rebirth) and reputedly represents entry into a paradisia-
cal realm, perhaps best known to Garou as the Summer
Country. This horizon, however, eternally retreats from
those who seek it; if any shapeshifters have gained para-
dise in this fashion, they have never returned.

Me Pehl of Warnat

A broad, sweeping desert that seems to stretch out
infinitely in every direction characterizes this domain. In
truth it is merely several hundred kilometers across, but
those who walk in a straight line inevitably end up
retracing their steps. A realm of fire, air and earth, the
Nile appears as only the merest trickle through this realm.
Unrelentingly hot, gusty and dry, the air packs a particu-
lar punch and visitors soon become hyper-oxygenated
unless they breathe shallowly or take other precautions.
Along with great dust storms, the occasional firestorm
sweeps across the realm, devouring anything flammable
in its path. The realm knows only eternal daylight,
though the giant red Umbral sun that beats down on it
travels a spiral orbit that sometimes brings it closer to the
perimeter, casting some areas into twilight. Atthe realm's
center is a great city of translucent crystal.

The city's architecture is clearly Pharaonic in style
and embroidered with odd hieroglyphs depicting themes
both familiar and strange. The streets are broad stone
boulevards that may once have handled ample traffic,
but the only sound here now is that of the driving wind.
Shouts to attract the attention of any inhabitants echo
unheeded into the distance. The buildings' interiors are
bright, spacious and flooded with light, but also stripped
bare of any treasures they may once have contained.


Given the buildings' translucent nature, even the deep-
est cellars are not enough to completely shut out the
sun's all-pervasive light. Because of this, there are some
that believe that this was once a home realm (or at least
a resting spot) for the Celestine Helios himself.

First appearancesaside, the realm isnot abandoned. A
host of elemental spirits are ubiquitous here, especially
those of air and fire. They are of an insular sort and
generally ignore newcomers. If the visitors contact them,
initial reactions will range from curious to blasé to hostile.
The fire spirits are somewhat more accepting of visitors,
while the rare water sprites are (understandably) almost
without exception paranoid and hostile. The controlling
authority in this domain has been for millennia its hour
goddess (an ostensibly benign, if volatile, entity known as
"Wise Guardian ofher Lord"). Although remote and often
distracted by the great whorl of the desert fire and winds,
the hour goddess will in time notice visitors and deign to
contact them. She is friendly toward those whom she
perceives as "aligned with the light," while less so toward
those she deems as "skulkers in shadows." (Her reasoning
in such calculations, however, is seemingly capricious.)

The goddess' citadel is a high, invisible spire with a
richly appointed penthouse that oversees a panorama of
the entire realm. The goddess subsists solely on an amber
draught distilled from fire and wind, and perceives those
who need such sustenance as water as less than perfect —
though she will endure such failings for a short period of
time. She will give hospitality, advice and aid to those
whom she deems worthy, but her tempestuous moods
make an extended stay quite dangerous. She will call
upon Intense of Flame, a great fiery red serpent who lives
in the sun, to incinerate (or at least expel) those whom
she perceives as hostile or as overstaying their welcome.

Sebkhet (Intense of Flame): It is possible to reach
this realm from almost any Penumbral desert environ,
but only during the heat of day and usually after an
epiphany engendered by a fevered period of wander-
ing. The gate to both enter and leave this domain is a
large glass hoop filled with flame.

WPI of Cran
(The hy of Hungry Kohat)

Despite its name, which conjures up images of lavish
banquet tablesand hospitable fellahin, upon arrival seekers
of this realm will instantly realize that they have fallen
victim to the forces of irony. The field of grain in this
instance is a metaphor for human souls, and the "harvest"
agreat and bloody reaving. Although some Umbral schol-
ars call this domain by its less euphemistic title, the City of
Hungry Knives, other Garou may know it by yet another
name — Malfeas. In fact, the Field of Grain is a tiny sub-
basement of that realm, an obscure comer overseen by no

SE

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

INN ee

Maeljin duke in particular. The domain's nightmarish
topography incorporates elements from both modern and
ancient Egypt; gore-spattered temples and pyramids, des-
ecrated mosques and more modem edifices exist in a
rambling hodge-podge, often appearing semi-collapsed or
partially submerged into the ground. Narrow streets and
blind alleys host random atrocities, as the realm's spirit
populace, Banes and luckless spirit victims (drawn by the
realm's black gravity over the millennia) pursue an endless
horrorshow that began when man first murdered man. The
random nature and near mindlessness of the cruelty here
may seem tosome more reminiscent of the Atrocity Realm,
but those caught up in the Field of Grain's harvest may rest
assured that their suffering serves a greater purpose.

The Nile here is brackish and in places choked with
bodies. Great swarms of angry flies blot out what meager
light is given off by the domain's intermittent Balefires
and the sickly red star that watches over the region like a
baleful eye. In addition to the usual assortment of Banes
and victims found in other Malfean realms, the domain's
most bloodthirsty murderers are also its only legal author-
ity (ifsuch a phrase has any meaning here). Known as the
Neket or "harvesters," these fomori have pale, diseased
skin stretched over muscular frames. Their armor is black
and dangerously spiked, and their faces are covered by
sinister animal masks, most typically those of hawks, cats
or jackals. Armed with barbed whips, cruelly serrated
blades or arcane flame weapons, they see torturing the
domain's wan human-like spirits as little challenge and
are happy towelcome more stimulating prey. Newcomers
are likely to be dragged to the realm's center, a great steel
pyramid ringed with razor wire and lit by sodium vapor
lights. Here, prisoners may expect to have their flesh
torturously flayed from their bones, their pain and dying
screams feeding the great Balefire that gives life to the
realm. Less fortunate captives can expect to first meet the
realm's goddess of hours.

The realm's hour goddess is a horror sometimes
called "Slicer of Souls" or more simply Ammit. She is
seemingly an Incarna, although whether a fallen Maeljin
Incarna, a recently-ascended Jaggling, or some other
sort is in question. Her form is a parody of the devourer
of Egyptian legend, the crocodile/lion/hippopotamus
monster that devoured the hearts of the unworthy
deceased. Ammit rules from her black steel throne
guarded by a trio of Nexus Crawlers and displays a hatred
for all living things, including, it seems, her fellow
Malfean overlords. The ancient magics that divided the
Egyptian Umbra into its component parts also pinched
the realm off from the rest of Malfeas and the Umbra at
large. As a result, the realm is a great psychic sink,
toward which many horrors fall, but from which few
escape. Ammit feels the Fields have become "provincial

71
mene

|

|

ne AA

and out of step," without the dubious sophistication of
the greater courts. She believes that if the toxic fire that
sustains her realm can be stoked high enough, then she
might burn down the barriers that hold her here and
take her place once more as a full Duchess of Malfeas.
The realm's guardian serpent is called Stinger. Blinded
by a Garou hero long ago, the bone-ridged leviathan
lives curled beneath the city, growing larger each cen-
tury with rage and poison. It dreams solely of destruction
and exists even beyond the control of the hour goddess.

Sebkhet (Lady of Nourishment): The Black Spi-
ral Hive of the Thrashing Serpent has a window upon
this realm, though ostensibly none but its leader,
Hgienkad, dares use it. It is unknown what relationship
Hgienkad has forged with Ammit, but since he can
evidently come and go without hindrance (where even
she cannot), one may assume the worst. Unfortunately,
given Malfeas's increasing proximity to the Near Um-
bra, it is also quite possible to find one's way here from
other realms as well. The gate itself is a jagged wheel of
begrimed iron, inset with repulsive hieroglyphs depict-
ing scenes of torture and degradation.

It is much easier to enter the Fields than to leave,
though at least those who do not belong here (that is,
visitors who do not give into their basest instincts) have
at least a chance of escape. The exit, at least so local lore
maintains, is the Gate of Dua (irreverently named for an
ancient god of toiletries), a sewer-like sluice in the
lowest bowels of the city sewers. The gate is said to lead
to the eighth domain, the City of the God's Sarcophagi.
In the distant past Bane armies sought to invade that
silent realm, but as none have ever returned, the gate is
now mostly feared or forgotten. Gregor, a quasi-benign
aspect of the Cockroach totem, lives in the sewers and
will guide selected prisoners out for a price.

We Catwrn of the Life of Forms

A realm of perpetual darkness, life and sultry Nile
heat, this domain surrounding the southern Citadel of
Midnight Waters has spawned much controversy about its
true nature. Theories fly thick and fast, counting it vari-
ously as a Bastet homerealm, a portion of the Flux Realm
oreven an out of the way aspect of Pangaea. Whatever the
case may be, in this domain the cat is undisputedly king.
Here thingsareas the Bastet believe they once were, where
the human monkeys live deprived of their precious tech-
nology, alternately fleeing from, or paying homage to, their
feline rulers. Physically the domain appears much as the
Nile did prior even to the age of the pharaohs. The river
here is powerful and life giving, with every possible species
of animal (many extinct elsewhere) along its banks.

The Caver of the Life of Forms is aptly named,
though caves here are few. Visiting this plane is what one
might call a Gestaltexperience, and there have been those

7.

a

who have compared it with the parable of Plato's Cave
(though the realm's name far pre-dates the philosopher).
Whether it is the eternal night or Wyld energies that
suffuse the realm, an accurate reading of the terrain, even
for the usually wilderness savvy Fera, is difficult. Shadow
shapes and false forms move through the darkness here,
and every inhabitant (including visitors) seems to have a
shadowy twin. This doppleganger has its own separate
existence, never wandering far from its caster, but rarely
interacting with him either. The genesis of these shadow
forms is a mystery even to long-time residents.

Humans comprise the bottom half of the social
equation here. They are roughly divided between Neolithic
hut-dwellers that inhabit a series of small villages along
the banks, and the even more primitive "reed-men" that
liveafurtive existence ofhuntingand gatheringalong the
Nile's more remote tributaries. The hut-dwellers display
acertain degree of sophistication, with arich oral folklore,
mostly revolving around their creation by the felines who
live in the nearby citadel (though they seem to have little
memory of the realm's previous Simba leaders). They also
display surprisingly adept crafting sensibilities, though
strict tribal laws prescribe harsh punishments for written
language or weapons other than the most basic sort used
for hunting and fishing. Some of their holy men have
crude shamanic powers, and act as local headmen and
interpreters of the Bubasti's laws.

The hut-dwellers have never seen Garou before and
may mistake them for "Dakat" (Banes), reacting to them
with fear, obeisance or violence, depending on the situa-
tion. The hut-dwellers have little reason to complain.
They are largely unmolested (as long as they don't wander
toofar) and food is plentiful. They have acertain contempt
forthe "unlearned" reed-men and are eager to display their
superior knowledge. The reed-dwellers are hostile to the
hut-dwellers and felines alike, maintaining that the entire
realm was once theirs and that one day their god (a great
serpent known only as "Flame Face") will drive the invad-
ers from their lands. The reed-dwellers are adept with traps
and natural poisons, and not above performing human (or
feline or lupine) sacrifices to hasten their god's return.

The realm's goddess of hours is Ananka, a centuries-
old Bubasti sorceress who fashions herselfafter the original
hour spirit. Ananka rules both her human and feline
subordinates as a goddess should, wielding an arsenal of
pleasure, pain and elan. Eminently civilized, she will
welcome stimulating guests (even "dogs") to her court, as
long as they are entertaining and do not threaten her
position. Ananka's sophisticated but decadent court is
tich in pleasures for those whom she deems cooperative.
The court's current retinue includes nine Bubasti and a
number of specially trained hut-dwellers, chosen for their
beauty and compliance. Ananka is also somewhat knowl-
edgeable about surrounding domains and has agents in

Rage Across Egypt

a


.

Ta-Mera; she would make a useful ally to those who can
overlook her imperious ways and the faint scent of the
Wyrm that pervades aspects of her court (though not her
personally). This domain once shared its guardian ser-
pent, Flame Face, with the eighth domain (City of the
God's Sarcophagi). After departing that realm in the wake
of its fiery near destruction, the serpent solely guarded the
Cavern of the Life of Forms until the disappearance of its
original goddess of hours during the Middle Ages.

Sebkhet (One of Action): A southern Nile realm,
this domain can be reached from a number of riverside
portals (simple reed-laden bends in the river) in the
Penumbra south of Aswan. There is also a gate between
here and the temple in Bubastis, though hostility be-
tween the southern and the northern Bubasti makes its
use a rare occurrence. Finally, portals from this realm
lead to both the sixth and eighth domains. Ananka is
disinclined to share such knowledge without compensa-
tion (though she may also do so to hurry troublesome
guests on their way); the reed-men are also aware of this
portal but do not have the means to use it.

V Gawern of Sokar

Occupying the lower reaches of the Aetherial Realm,
the Cavern of Sokar is a rocky, jagged domain with
elements similar to both the Sinai and Red Sea mountain
ranges. Here, as it was of old, the Wyld supplies the realm's
creative spark, the Weaver brings order and stability, and
the Wyrm performs its once sacred task of entropy,
grinding down the old to make way for the new. So it had
been with this realm for millennia, but things have
changed of late. Egypt's rapid corruption by the Wyrmand
increasing traffic in the Eastern Desert has opened this
hitherto rarely visited realm to corruption. It is a simple
matter of familial resonance that the corrupt Wyrm of the
outer world has had so little difficulty converting the
original Wyrm where it has found it. Banes from the
Eastern Desert and beyond have most frequently used the
East Towergate toenter thisrealm. Asthe Red Talonsand
other Garou have increasingly kept watch over the East
Tower, however, many Banes have taken to entering the
domain throughasky bridge opened for them by the Sinai-
based Shabti — Fara'un Shark.

The Wyrm's invasion has not gone unchallenged,
however. The Children of Karnak, warrior spirits of the
Falcon's Brood (see Axis Mundi: The Book of Spirits),
have ruled over this domain for time out of mind, and
battle the Wyrm with bloodthirsty delight. Unfortu-
nately, of late the number of Banes has become too large
for even them to easily handle. Normally appearing as
hawk-headed humans, reminiscent of the god Horus, the
Children of Karnak may also take on more fully human or
hawk forms, A Weaver friendly spirit, they move about
on large solar-sailed barges and employ an odd form of at

SS

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

INN ee

once advanced and archaic weaponry (swords capable of
throwing electrical arcs or great shipboard parabolic
mirrors that emit coherent heat beams). The regal spirit
warriors have had occasion to ally themselves with both
the Silver Fangs and Glass Walkers in the past, and will
welcome any assistance against the corrupting outside
influences of the Wyrm. Beyond the Children of Karnak
and invading Banes, the realm is populated with various
Wyld spirits (most prominently those of air and fire), and
Elethoi (aproto-Wyrm spirit; see Appendix II). Far below
the high mountain aeries of the falcon warriors are human
emanations, who live variously as cliff or valley dwellers.
The technology level of these inhabitants is largely
medieval, though repositories of higher Weaver tech
appear in caches throughout the realm. A great river,
presumably an aspect of the Nile, flows distantly at the
mountain's roots, but is largely ignored by the skylords.

The hawk-people's leader is also the realm's goddess
of hours, a puissant warrior-queen known alternately as
Sokari or, more fancifully, as Her Lady of Continuity. It
is said that she was once as others of her kind —a spirit
creature who had taken on the coarser attributes of flesh,
feather, muscle and bone — but after sustaining fatal
injuries in an ancient conflict, her soul was transferred
to a mechanical doppelganger of her old form. This
Weaver construct — fashioned from dark iron, brass
and silver — is powered by an internal furnace said to be
the essence of the domain's guardian serpent (Eye of
Flame), who voluntarily sacrificed himself to preserve
the hour goddess. The resulting dual-entity is a nigh
peerless killing machine only narrowly checked by a
disciplined but injured psyche. Fire glints behind her
raptor's mask and Sokari shows a definite imperious
disdain toward those who do not share her warrior ways.
The Children of Karnak are nevertheless worthy allies.

Sebkhet (Lady of Continuity): The gate to this
domain is the circle of stones frequently given as the
Anchorhead to the Eastern Tower. Similar, but less
well-known, Bane held sky bridges lead here from the
Penumbra overlaying the southern Sinai Mountains.
WL. Deap Water

A great river realm of vast waterways and low palm
fringed islands, the Nile here springs outinathousanddeep
radial tributaries, passing under sun.and moon and through
subterranean caverns long forgotten. A humid, sleepy
realm of deep waters and deeper memory, the psychic
undercurrent here is immense and palpable to the most
mercurial minds. It issaid thata shadow of every ship (from
Cleopatra's barge to modern tankers), every fish, body and
secret that has ever floated down the river has passed
through at leasta tributary of thisrealm. Deep Water isalso
the home of the once plentiful Mokolé, It is no secret that
the keepers of memory are not as they once were; their

3

mere

ee

numbers have dwindled, casualties to time, hunters and
environmental degradation. Nevertheless, it is here, to
this great domain-wide low that they come to find
solace and fortitude in the slow, healing pulse of the river.

Deep Water is Pangaea, orat leasta small backwater
portion of it, and has remained fundamentally un-
changed over the millennia... until now. The intense
disruption of the Nile by the Aswan Dams, however
beneficial in other ways, has wrought changes in the
Nile realm. The center of the realm has become a great,
cold sink of indeterminate depth and character. The
cold lake seems more like one would expect in the
uppermost latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere than
the sun-drenched Middle East, and is host to great black
serpents and a race of pale-skinned island dwelling
humanoids whose sinister long-boats hunt for suchid
prey even beyond their dark lake. Given that their icy
home is almost certain death for the cold-blooded
Mokolé, these "cold-men" need have little fear of repris-
als from their would-be prey while in its wate:

Some of the crocodiles feel that the positive effects felt
by the Lake Nasser Wallow are at the expense of their
native realm, and that eventually the cold waters will
spread like poison throughout Deep Water's farthest tribu-
taries. Perhaps, they ponder, things might be different ifone
of their goddesses of hours, a succession of Mokolé women,

ee 7 Ae

+h simply titled "Proficient Leader," were still here, The
last of this line was murdered at the dawn of the 20*
Century, however, and the domain's guardian "serpent" (in
reality a great green-eyed crocodile named Darting of Eye)
has retreated from the affairs of the wallow. Rumors that the
ancient suchid is the child of Sobek himself surface from
time to time, but even the oldest Mokolé do not know for
sure. Said to remember the Nile sun setting on the con-
struction of the pyramids, and the sibling squabbles of Set
and Osiris, the great crocodile may well be one of the oldest
creatures on the planet. Now, however, he retreats farther
and farther into old memories, some say he is dying.
Sebkhet (Throne of Her Lord): Deep Water is
reachable by secret waterways from Kom Ombo or
from the great wallow below lake Nasser. There are
tales that Deep Water has a subterranean connection
to the Cavern of Osiris and the Silent Strider
homerealm, but if so, only Darting of Eye remembers it.

WL. Cater co.

A wholly subterranean realm of stygian caverns,
glowing red crystal formations, near bottomless pits and
even deeper secrets, it is, perhaps, fortunate that little is
known of this domain. Named for the beneficent god of
the underworld, the realm's long-time residents are

Tuat (The Egyptian Umbra)

West : ‘ : East

(Sunset) (Sunrise

Dany noua ay) JOA
>

Citadel of the

Western Flame
A Tower of the

Etesian Wind

The Eastern
Tower

Citadel of
Midnight Waters I

‘ay Gate

@ Gate from: © Rumored Gate


anything but benign. The monstrous Vhujunka (see
Book of the Wyrm) have long been a troublesome
enigma to the Garou; the City of the Mysterious Cave
may well be the first recorded instance where
shapeshifters encountered the monsters. Over 4,000
years ago, during the tumult of the 6th Dynasty, the
Garou and Bubasti received panicked entreaties from
the Mostabi, a cultured humanoid Weaver race who
lived in the subterranean domain. Invaders had ap-
peared among them, not as a massed army, but appear-
ing in groups of one or two, capturing citizens in glowing
netsand disappearing justas swiftly. The Mostabi, never
large innumber, were in imminent danger of extinction.

Wishing to deny the loathsome invaders a toe-hold
from which they might stage further invasions, the Silent
Striders, Warders (perhaps, also moved by a desire to
examine firsthand the technology of both the Mostabi
and the invaders) and Silver Fangs heeded the call.
Traveling to the underground realm in search of glory and
honor, the Garou found only ignominious defeat as their
expeditionary force lost over half its numbers in a single
night. It is also apparent that both the Simba and the
Bubasti launched comparable expeditions with similarly
disastrous results, though a Bubasti sorcerer finally suc-
ceeded in closing the gate to the realm. Since then, only
scattered tales over the millennia have reminded Egypt's
Fera that this domain ever existed.

This blessed state of ignorance lasted until some 20
years ago when the Ratkin of Port Said opened an ancient
black stone portal deep beneath their city. Almost imme-
diately various members disappeared, only to return hid-
eously transformed. Maddened with pain and hunger, they
attacked their former nest mates. The Port Said Ratkin did
not have to worry about these invaders for long, however.
Shortly thereafter a pack of Black Spiral Dancers invaded
the weakened bolthole, renaming it the Hive of the
Boiling Sands. Fortunately, even now the Vhujunkararely
travel beyond the environs of their great crystal caves—at
least as far as the Garou know. Their reemergence is
currently a secret known only to the Port Said Spiral
Dancers, but even so, strange rumors of a major Wyrm
eruption centering on Port Said have circulated among the
Garou. The realm's hour goddess was called Repeller ofthe
Snake (perhaps for her role in aiding Amun Re against
Apophis) while its Guardian Serpent was named Hidden
of Eye. Neither of these entities has been heard from in
millennia, however. Perhaps the Vhujunka ate them.....

Sebkhet (Gleaming One): Port Said's Ratkin
population opened up the only known Penumbral
portal to this domain. Their problem has now, fit-
tingly, become a problem for their assassins in the Hive
of the Boiling Sands who have spent a good deal of
time and effort to reseal the gate. There are also tales

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

a aaa as

PN Nn ee

that this realm connects with a gate in the deepest
fissures of the first domain and Re-Stau (the "City at
the Pit of Whirling Forces").

WM. Oy of He Godt Sarcophag!

(The hy of Stones)

Egypt's oldest legends speak of a great city surrounded
by a desert of gold sands — a city of jeweled towers and
verdant fields, inhabited by a proud and learned people.
In the legends of Amun Re's descent into the Under-
world, itis said that the sun god often took this hour in his
arduous journey to rest in the splendid court. Here he
gathered his strength in preparation for the dark and
eternal grappling between him and Apophis that lay
between here and the dawning hour. Whether the sun
god created the domain for this purpose or whether its
inhabitants simply reaped the benefits of his largesse, the
ancient city was said to be about as close to paradise as one
could hope to come. Unfortunately, it also became a
parable for the fall that oft follows pride and ambition.

The pharaoh of that ancient realm, whose name has
since been expunged from all records, sought to claim the
sun god's powers for his own. Going against even the
desires of his prophetess queen in his mad quest for
godhead, the pharaoh made common cause with Apophis
and other demons, imprisoning his wife in the blackest
reaches of the void to prevent her from warning the god.
When Re rested in his great bed, the demons fell upon
him, sealing him in a coffin of a thousand nights. The
Celestine was not to be so easily contained, however.
Bursting forth inanovaoffire and wrath, he destroyed not
only his jailers, but his unbridled conflagration also lay
waste to the once beautiful domain. When his fury finally
cooled, the sun god knew remorse for his actions and, in
atypically dubious act of divine justice, found the realm's
one survivor (the imprisoned queen), and tumed her into
a serpent, setting her to tend the deserted realm.

Now a desolate but undeniably beautiful domain of
moonlit silvery sands and expansive mirrored plateaus of
fulgurite glass, the City of Silence is a sorrowful place of
profound quiet. Nothing moves here save the moon and a
tranquil, black Nile. Glistening cyclopean ruins stick out
here and there from the sands in mute testimony to the
once vibrant domain. Its only sentient inhabitant is
Meretseger, its goddess of hours and guardian serpent rolled
into one. (The realm once had another guardian serpent
named Flame Face, who also guarded over the fourth
Domain. After Amun Re destroyed this realm, however,
this solar serpent spirit departed this realm forever.) Ap-
pearing as a pale-skinned woman in black robes, a massive
black cobra or as an amalgam of both, Meretseger is a near-
Incarna whose age and power may even entitle her to the
title of goddess. Although she abhors minions ofthe Wyrm,
whom she deems responsible for her realm's destruction,

5

nee

|

|

mms ed AD

this does not mean she is necessarily well disposed toward
other interlopers who intrude on her solitude.

In times past armies have attempted to invade the
City of Silence. These have been either fortune-seekers
in search of the great treasures said to still reside beneath
the desert sands, or Banes seeking to defile its pristine
silence. Their bones now lie mingled with the desert
sands, undisturbed except when called upon to defend
the realm from new invaders. At but the merest com-
mand from the goddess, the skeletal remains of humans,
Banes, shapeshifters and others too numerous to identify
rise wraith-like from the sands. The eerie servants of the
cobra-goddess do not make a sound and the desert swal-
lows up even the loudest screams of their victims by the
next dune. Not all is lost for those who visit this forlorn
realm, however. Vengeful when provoked and remote by
inclination, Meretseger is neither capricious nor cruel. A
tutelary goddess, she quite possibly knows more about the
Egyptian Umbra than anyone else and is disposed to aid
those who show the proper comportment (silent and
respectful trumps loud and brash). Although she professes
no hatred for the sun, she is particularly likely to aid those
somehow connected with the moon.

Sebkhet (Red-Hot): Several gates lead to thisrealm,
though the most notable is a ring of glowing silver that
appears under the full moon in the Penumbra adjacent to
the Valley of the Kings near Luxor. (Unfortunately this
isrightin the heart of Setite territory, so those seeking this
gate must be wary.) A gate from the Field of Grain also
opens here, but a powerful spell largely prevents Banes
from passing into the City of Silence, almost instantly
reducing them to silver dust (though the spell does not
work against fomori or other Wyrm spawn); Meretseger's
servants swiftly dispose of any survivors. Other gates
include a passageway to the fourth domain and a mostly
forgotten portal to the Dark Umbra.

LX. Gity of the Lhilng Mavifecfaflons

Gloomy, oppressive and soulless, "The City" (as it
is known to the human emanations who call it home),
is a smudge of steel gray, sandstone brown and neon
beneath an eternal brown canopy of blowing sand. A
geometric maze of glass and steel pyramids, modernized
Arabesque minarets (complete with advertising), win-
dowless industrial revolution era factories and futuristic
office complexes arranged with little rhyme or reason,
this diminutive but densely populated domain consists
of approximately 400 city blocks bounded by a vast
desert panorama. Howling winds whip the surrounding
desert here into an endless sandstorm, limiting even the
most basic exploration outside of the city. Within the
city proper, things are only slightly better. The winds
here are slower, but there isstill sand almost everywhere,
only slightly ameliorated by the fleet of street sweepers

76 Rage Across Egypt

7

who unceasingly shuttle about the city streets like
snowplows trying to deal with a heavy snowstorm.

The City was not always this way. Once an orderly
manifestation of the Weaver, it was a shimmering oasis in
the desert along a steady aspect of the Nile. Of late,
however, the City has fallen victim to one disaster after
another. Perhaps 30 years ago — if time has any meaning
beneath eternally brown skies — the Nile burst its banks,
first flooding the surrounding plains and then almost as
precipitously dwindling to a dry wadi bed. (The only water
available to the city is from a great cistern and has been
recycled a thousand times, but even so a little more is lost
each year.) Shortly thereafter the "Great Storm" engulfed
the horizon and has blown unabated since that time. The
city's leaders, perhaps at first ina well-meaning attempt to
ensure the City's survival, declared martial law. Over time
the City became a semi-successful autarky and its ruling
coalition a business elite called the Scarab Consortium.
Promising orderand safety, even the consortium, however,
has been unable to protect their workers as the City slid
into the war zone between the Scar and the CyberRealm.

The Scarab Consortium is largely decentralized among
athousand office buildings, factory sites and substations. Its
primary output is geared toward two ends: survival (weap-
ons, factory farming, construction and reclamation) and
luxuries used to reward the most prolific producers. A true
meritocracy, the productive are rewarded while the "work-
shy" are cast to the bottom of the social order, denied
shelter, protection or the barest necessities of life. Unfortu-
nately not everyone can keep up the pace and burnout is
near epidemic. The Consortium's primary headquarters is
an Art Deco/Arabesque structure emblazoned with a great
gold scarab — a gleaming alabaster Xanadu built for
corporate efficiency and graceful living. Surrounded by a
bulletproof glass dome, the vast and heavily patrolled
complex interior is a mixture of gold, obsidian and bril-
liantly polished sandstone. Housing a vast bureaucracy,
shopping plazas, fashionable restaurants, ubiquitous secu-
rity cameras and even a running waterfall, italsoaccommo-
dates the City's ruling elite. Nominallya multi-party system
reminiscent of contemporary Egyptian government, the
Consortium consists of connected "shareholders" who
represent little beyond maintaining the security apparatus
and forwarding their own agendas. The prime power within
the Scarab Consortium is Fara'un Khephera.

Fara'un Khephera is a cybernetic organism con-
structed from nigh indestructible ceramic composites.
Effortlessly wielding a panoply of Weaver Charms, he is
conspicuously free of the Wyrm. More than anythingelse
reminiscent of a giant shabti figure with an Anubis-
jackal'shead, he ispredominantly bone white, butadomed
with hieroglyphic etched segments of lapis and gold, and
draped in deep purple robes. Rarely venturing among his

aac


human followers, it is unknown whether Khephera is
really one of the millennia old Ushabti ora more moder
construct (perhaps a potent Weaver spirit). Appearing
shortly after the sandstorm began, he was initially blamed
for the City's misfortune, but swiftly took power through
force and has since worked to ensure the City's survival,
gaining a near divine status. Despite his lupine appear-
ance, Fara'un Khephera is no more inclined to show
leniency toward Garou intruders than is the rest of the
security apparatus, but is at least pragmatic enough not to
anger potential allies (or pawns) out of hand — a wise
precaution given the City's current siege status.

The Consortium's security force is armed with ad-
vanced firearms at least on par with those found in the
physical world, and special-ops units have advanced
weapons gleaned from the CyberRealm. Even so, when
the City undergoes incursions from the CyberRealm, the
Scar or the surrounding desert, its defenders often find
themselves outmatched. Gates of flashing electrical light
appear in the midst of the city's streets, disgorging inhu-
man horrors that either directly attack the local citizenry
or, more frequently, each other. Weaver spirits from the
CyberRealm— Pattern-Spiders, attack geomids and the
like — are common sights here, as are a variety of Banes
(especially Scrags) from the Scar. Fortunately for the
City's inhabitants, these spirits are mainly involved with
attacking each other; much of the damage is "collateral,"
though the Banes show a propensity for abducting locals.
Unfortunately the surrounding desert has its own Bane
population as well, great shadowed bat creatures that
intermittently descend from the maelstrom, grabbing
citizens and flying away with them into the choking skies.
Given these brutal conditions, people here live virtually
subterranean lives, rarely venturing outdoors. A system of
tubes transport people from building to building, buteven
these security measures are hardly impregnable. A propa-
ganda loop blares continuously on private televisions and
the city's ubiquitous communal displays to maintain
order and boost morale.

The City's inhabitants are at least familiar with the
existence of Garou (and their vulnerability to silver)
from the few Glass Walkers who have passed through
here in the past. Unfortunately these encounters have
been less than friendly, though thankfully silver is in
limited supply. A visiting "CyberWolf" was captured
and executed last year for, allegedly, poisoning the water
supply; his actual guilt was less than clear. Visitors of any
sort are seen with suspicion, if not downright hostility.
The citizens of this once paradisiacal oasis remember
little before the storm; the only remnants of the realm's
hour goddess (Adorer) and guardian serpent (Earth
Tusk) are as mythical guardian figures, now appearing
most prominently on a popular animated children's
show broadcast in both English and Arabic.

IN Ns ee

Sebkhet (Exalted in Veneration): The City may
appear as a faint outline through the howling winds of
any Penumbral sandstorm. The City also leads to the
Scar and the CyberRealm, though its inhabitants do
not know how to access these gates.

X. Oy of Degp Water avd Soup Barks
(Ji-tchaterf)

True to its name, the Strider homerealm consists
of a mighty aspect of the Nile, perhaps second only to
that found in the Mokolé homerealm. Shrouded from
the rest of the Umbra, only Owl and a few of the tribe's
oldest members know the spirit trails here. Exiled from
their Umbral homerealm, even as they were banished
from Egypt by Set, many Striders are now hardly even
aware of its existence. Any Garou who drinks from the
Nile here, known locally as the River of Life and
Death, heals all wounds and restores his Gnosis, gain-
ing also a great sense of peace; Wyrm spawn who drink
from the river here die. The moonlit realm resembles
Ancient Egypt. Great pyramids, temples and obelisks
also dot the surrounding desert, some holding secrets
forgotten even by the banished Striders.

The ancient "wolf god" Wepauwet is a unique
entity, a "Garou mummy" who has undergone the rites
of the Shemsu-heru. Sporadically appearing in this
realm to welcome the most worthy of seekers, he re-
mains a major, if remote, pillar of the tribe's heart and
soul in Egypt. The other two long-term residents of this
realm are Natifa Wheel-Dreamer and Sekhet Wheel-
Dancer, Silent Strider sisters who came to Egypt in the
13 Century and mastered two great tribal artifacts, the
Wheel of Ptah and the Eye of Kadir. Transmuted into
creatures of pure spirit, they have lived for centuries as
keepers of an Umbral aspect of the Great Library of
Alexandria, a place said to hold some of the greatest
secrets of the ancient world. After the Great Maelstrom,
however, both sisters have been exiled from their
homerealm, rendering them outcast from their domain
asis their tribe from Egypt. As with so many things about
the two sisters, the nature of their banishment remains
an enigma. (See Umbra: The Velvet Shadow and Axis-
Mundi for more information on these Garou).

A common belief among those Striders who have
sought out this realm is that when Set banished them, he
also gained a toehold here and even now may haunt its
more tenebrous regions. Given the legend of Nephthys, it
is difficult to wholly refute this tale. Other servants of the
Wyrm have certainly invaded outlying portions of the
Strider homerealm. Scorpion and viper Banes hide in the
sands, and sandstorms with winds strong enough to tear the
hide off a Garou guard certain passes with frightening
intelligence. The hour goddess was Beheader of Rebels
and, because she has not appeared for millennia, some

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 77

————EeEE

mere

|

a AA"

Striders believe that she was none other than Nephthys
herself. The avenger-goddesses' potential resurrection may
bode well or ill for the Striders' attempts to reclaim their
home realm. The Guardian Serpent was named Binder. A
great leviathan shaped from inky blackness, it is said that
it was difficult to tell where he ended and the Nile began.

Sebkhet (Sacred): Traditionally there hasonly been
one way toreach the homeland withouta guide. The Gift:
Gate of the Moon cast in the Near Umbra with the
homeland defined as its destination (difficulty 10) would
open a pathway which would, after an arduous journey,
lead the questing Strider here. Of late, even this method
has been increasingly unreliable and just as likely to lead
the seeker to fatal dead ends. The Striders who have
studied Egypt extensively believe that an easier way is
possible. The path from the Citadel of Western Fire
through Duat is a beginning, though hardly less danger-
ous. These seekers believe thata more permanentsebkhet
may be opened to their homerealm from anywhere in the
world if the tribe can only finally overcome Set's curse. A
Garou who travels the Nile in this realm will eventually
pass through gates leading to other realms, including the
silver rivers of Erebus, Deep Water and Duat.

Distant and yet strangely omnipresent throughout
the Egyptian Umbra, the City of Corpse Counting is a
thinly veiled euphemism for the Dark Umbra. It is also
called the Shadowlands or, in Egypt, the Kingdom of
Sands. The realms of the dead are vast beyond any mere
domain and stretch far beyond Egypt's borders. From the
gate here, Garou visitors could theoretically visit almost
anywhere in the Shadowlands, butrealistically any Garou's
chances for survival here are small and decrease as time
goes by. The recent Great Maelstrom knocked Egypt's
formerly exalted necropoli back to the Stone Age. Even
the Striders know little of what is currently going on here.
The once stable Kingdom of Sands has largely disinte-
grated into warring factions and horrific specters haunt
the chill landscape. When the dead go to war, the living
are well advised to stay far away. In times past there was
apath through Duat to the Strider homerealm, but it has
been lost for centuries. Of late some Striders have passed
into this realm in search of the old road, but none have
returned. The hour goddess was called Repulser of Rebels
and its guardian serpent was named Effluent One. Even
the Silent Striders, however, know little of their true
nature or whether they still exist.

Sebkhet (Hidden of Access): The only path to
Duat known to the Garou is from the Citadel of the
Western Flame and The Great City, though a forgot-
ten portal leads here from the City of Silence, and
Umbral travelers may also inadvertently wander here
from the great necropolis of Luxor.

7

—

Rage Across Egypt

LL. Cavern at the End of Darkvett (Vaary,
The Sommer Country)

Known as Eden, the Elysian Fields or by a hundred
other names, in Egyptian myth, Yaaru (also Iaru and
Aalu) is a place of profound peace. Most commonly
represented asa vast field of wheat, Yaaruissituated in the
east where the sun rises, and is also sometimes described
asa group of islands. Yaaru isa place where heroes go after
their life's work is done. Many have sought this blessed
place and perhaps some have even found it, though, if so,
none have returned to lead others to this promised land.
The hour goddess — Beholder of the Beauty of Re —was
reputedly a benign entity skilled in healing and ancient
lore. There were supposedly two guardian serpents at this
gate, He of the Dawn and Enveloper.

Sebkhet (Sacred of Power): The gate to enter this
plane is traditionally reachable through Duat (at least
Amun Re did so), though it is also visible as the Sub-
Plane of Solidification (rebirth) in the first domain.
Knowing this, however, is not the same thing as reach-
ing here; both gates are maddeningly elusive. Unfortu-
nately some ancient texts also refer to Yaaru as "The
Field of Grain," a mistranslation which can lead seekers
to tragic results. Yaaru is often considered a realm of
dreams and high magic, the place of the D'jinn. Hence,
some Garou have posited that it may also be reached
from the East Tower, though no substantive evidence
has ever been put forward to support this theory.

Gort

Egypt was once rich in spiritual energies and caerns
here were common. For centuries, however, these old
caerns have lain fallow or been subsumed by magi or
other Fera. Since the Garou's renewed interest in the
19% and 20" centuries, however, there has been fierce
competition for remaining caerns. Most of these are
now lower powered, having long since been depleted of
their old magics by time or greedy magicians. In some
cases foreign tribes have been forced to adapt to caerns
where there are strange, native totem spirits. Given
Egypt's dearth of Garou, many of the septs listed below
are not fully staffed. Where a position within the caern's
hierarchy is not listed, it is because the sept does not
have enough qualified members to fill the position.
Needless to say, this places such caerns at a distinct
disadvantage; if they prove worthy, visiting Garou may
be temporarily or permanently offered a position.
Jypt of the Boorbed Stabe
Caern: Alexandria, Kom ash-Shuqgafa catacombs
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Enigmas and Rage (Retribution)

SS


Totem: Tsetse Fly
Tribal Structure: Black Fury

Established during the Ptolemaic era by Greek Furies,
this Alexandrian caern's seminal moment may well have
been when its members gave refuge to a pack of "White
Howlers" during the Roman era. The Howlers, who had
recently gone over to the Wyrm, betrayed this act of
friendship. Invading the caern and enslaving the Furies,
the newly rechristened Black Spiral Dancers sowed the
wind and soon reaped the whirlwind when the Furies
broke free and avenged themselves by burying their attack-
ers in the catacombs with naught but hunger-spirits for
company. Since then, the sept has remained particularly
closed-off and security-conscious to the point of paranoia.
Certain trusted women of other tribes are allowed, how-
ever (forexample, Ballah Freedom's GetofFenrispackmate,
Mary Land-Rises-Up, isa regular visitor). Rumors thatthe
sept has also long had a non-aggression pact with the local
undead is vociferously denied, but seems at least possible
given the sept's longevity. Despite this, the sept has long
been very aggressive in battling other Wyrm-spawn
throughout the region. In recent years the pack has "liber-
ated" some military ordinance from the army, making it
the best-armed caer in Egypt.

Personalities: Theophano (Sept Leader; Black Fu-
ties, Homid, Philodox), Fatima Snake-Charmer (Caern
Warder; Black Furies, Galliard, Auspice), loannis Tomb-
Breaker (Master of the Rite; Black Furies, Homid,
Galliard), Cassia Nova (Gatekeeper; Black Furies, Homid,
Theurge), Ballah Freedom (Keeper of the Land; Black
Furies, Homid, Ragabash), Ruth Face-to-the-Skies (Mas-
ter of the Challenge; Black Furies, Homid, Ahroun)

Jatt of Whigpertag Sbadont

Caern: Dar al-Salam Slum

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Urban

Totem: Rat

Tribal Structure: Bone Gnawer (Hungry Streets Pack)
The slum surrounding this caer is ironically named;

Dar al-Salam means the "residence of peace" and be-

speaks the concept of heaven for the righteous. In the

wake of the Jackal Fever, the Bone Gnawers of this pack

have endeavored to make the area a Hell on Earth for the

already wretched slum-dwellers. Turning on people who

were once both friends and family, the Sept of Whisper-

ing Shadows has closed in on itself. While not openly

professing theirnew "understanding," the pack has warned

Garou of other tribes, foreign or native, to enter the slum

at their peril. Visiting Bone Gnawers are another matter.

Bone Gnawers who go on too long about Gaia are seen as

misguided, but Meat-Pudding or the pack's front man @

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

ee eee

INN ee

the everaffable Rashid Cellphone & will slyly intimate to
more open-minded visitors that their Theurge, the hag
Shusha, has some secrets she might share...

Next to the Red Talons of the Arabian Desert, the
Sept of Whispering Shadows is the largest pack in the
region. The brutal and humorless Khaled al-Islambouli
acts as the caern's Warder and strong arm. Meanwhile
Shusha's granddaughter, a nimble thief named Amal,
secretly vomits up the flesh her packmates feed her.
The twin catastrophes born by the Jackal Feverand the
almost overnight corruption of the caern's totem (now
an immense nest of Wyrm-tainted feral rat
psychagonea) have made this place as dangerous as any
Black Spiral Dancer hive. At the center of this mess is
Shusha, who believes that at last she understands what
the caern has been whispering to her all this time.

Personalities: Meat-Pudding (Sept Leader; Bone
Gnawers, Metis, Ahroun), Khaledal-Islambouli (Caern
Warder; Bone Gnawers, Homid, Ahroun), Shusha
(Master of the Rite; Bone Gnawers, Lupus, Theurge),
Quari Filth (Gatekeeper; Bone Gnawers, Homid,
Bagabash), Khaled al-Islambouli (Keeper of the Land;
Bone Gnawers, Metis, Auspice), Amal (Master of the
Challenge; Bone Gnawers, Metis, Ragabash)

Sith Sbagarat a Durr
Caern: City of the Dead
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Leadership
Totem: Rat
Tribal Structure: Bone Gnawer
The City of the Dead is unique, an urban graveyard
that houses both the living and the dead. Stretching for
nearly 6 kilometers (4 miles) along Cairo's eastern edge is
a vast funerary complex of domed mausoleums, mosques
and monasteries. The cemetery isdivided into twosections
south and east of the Citadel. The eastern cemetery —
more-or-less safe for tourists by day — contains the more
beautiful architecture and spacious streets. The southern
burial ground, however, is a far different proposition. The
southern City of the Dead holds the remains of Egypt's
earliest Muslim rulers and has been staked out by a myste-
rious entity that has managed to limit access to the area by
the Garou and the undead alike (see Cairo by Night for
more details). The often-ignored northern corner of the
necropolis, however, is undeniably Garou territory.
Situated in an abandoned mosque several blocks
north of the Mausoleum of Shagarat al-Durr is a caern
named for that commoner queen. Born a slave in the
13" Century, this iron-willed Bone Gnawer Kinswoman
climbed the ranks through marriage, intrigue and mur-
der to become the only female Muslim sovereign in

79

EN


Sere neve race eee nara ioe arr amr am eum renerenseh

history. Her short-lived reign ended when she was
beaten to death and fed to the dogs, orat least so goes the
legend—her Bone Gnawer descendants are not so sure.
Rumors that she was Embraced and now wanders the
city as one of the undead are a persistent sore spot for
non-corrupted Gnawers who would wish to see her soul
at rest. Needless to say, if she does still wander the city,
she has been wise enough to avoid her former kinsfolk.

The Bone Gnawers who inhabited this caern before
and after her death may not be nobles, but their nobility
shines through in their actions. Longtime protectors of
Cairo's poor, the Bone Gnawers of this small caern had
the will and the means to resist the Jackal Fever, where
their opposite numbers in the Sept of Whispering Shad-
ows did not. Now the formerly allied caerns wage a war to
the death, one which the dwindling Sept Shagarat al-
Durr seems ill-suited to win. The diminutive sept is

currently operating with neithera Keeper nora Master of

the Challenge. Other notables in this caern include the
physically deformed but kindly giant Ajaj Long-Shadow;
the quixotic Mustafa Rain-Bringer; and Mersekhnet
Tomb-Song, a tale-weaver with a wealth of knowledge.
Personalities: Father Last-Secret (Sept Leader;
Bone Gnawer, Homid, Theurge), Ajaj Long-Shadow
(Caern Warder; Bone Gnawer, Metis, Ahroun),
Mersekhnet Tomb-Song (Master of the Rite; Bone
Gnawer, Homid, Galliard), Mustafa Rain-Bringer
(Gatekeeper; Children of Gaia, Homid, Theurge)

Sith of the heating Dawn
Caern: Qena (Temple of Dendara)
Level: 2
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Solace
Totem: Starlight
Tribal Structure: Children of Gaia

The Temple of Dendara was built to the goddess
Hathor and is rumored to be where Sakhmet was re-
stored to her more benign persona. Once controlled by
the Silent Striders, during the early 20" Century itagain
became the one caern in Egypt (aside from the remote
Sept of the Western Flame) where the tribe could find
rest and regain Gnosis. The reasons for this lucky turn of
events remain obscure, but are most likely tied to the
reemergence of the caern's totem spirit. This unique
dual caern restores Gnosis by night and heals wounds by
day. Those who rest here feel a profound sense of peace,
butitis nota lullingsensation. Guests who stay here find
themselves re-energized and ready to take on new
challenges. The sept currently lacks a Master of the
Challenge and is actively looking for honorable and
trustworthy applicants. A cohesive caern, if not overly
powerful in battle, the keepers of the healing dawn seek

80

——_—

ee A ee


mostly to remedy the land's ancient ills. Besides Ex-
alted-of-Gaia and Jesal Voice-of-the-Sands (both of
whom appear in the next chapter), the sept's member-
ship includes the unflappable Ahmed Night-Sands, and
the mute and haunted Baha Toils-by-Night.

Personalities: Ahmed Night-Sands (Caern Warder;
Children of Gaia, Homid, Ahroun), Jesal Voice-of-the-
Sands (Master of the Rite; Black Fury, Homid, Philodox),
Exalted-of-Gaia (Gatekeeper; Children of Gaia, Metis,
Galliard), Baha Toils-by-Night (Keeper of the Land;
Silent Strider, Metis, Philodox)

Jat of the Sofar Bargue

Caern: Heliopolis (Central Cairo, Qasr al-Baron of-
fice complex)

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Wisdom

Totem: Khopesh

Tribal Structure: Glass Walker, though other guests
may come here to discuss business.

Once a temple to Thoth and a potent Silent Strider
sept, this powerful caern was abandoned and lay fallow for
centuries following the Strider's banishment. Sketchy
evidence suggests that the site hosteda chantry ofhermetic
magi for a time, but, if true, they disappeared without a
trace by the 17" Century. During the late 1800s the caer
was "discovered" by the Cairene Glass Walkers who have
controlled it through the present, despite complaints by
the caermn's original Strider owners (though to be fair, the
Striders haven't used the caern in over 2,000 years). Most
of the Glass Walkers here are Westernized to some extent,
though this doesn't mean they've abandoned their faith.
The Sept Leader, Leila Veil-Shredder, isa holy terror, even
toherpackmates, most of whom chafe under her imperious
whims (though the Garou tradition of hierarchy has so far
kept the sept's male membership in line). Even so, Leila
would have been gone a long time ago, if only she wasn't
such a cagey and capable leader.

Other sept members include: Ra'id New Prophet who
mixes technology and faith; the usually reasonable Abu
Zeid, who ownsa private security force engaged by the rich
and powerful; and Haytham Eyes-Across-the-World, who
manages the Moon Bridge while distributing anti-govern-
ment information on the side. Besides Leila, the sept's only
other prominent female member is the unpredictable
Nadir Night-Wire, a more traditional Islamic feminist, but
one who nonetheless maintains an upper class abstinence
from the veil in all but the most ceremonial circumstances.
Whenshecan bebothered, Nadiristhe only memberofthe
sept capable of reigning in Leila's more capricious actions.
The other members of the sept are too young or otherwise
ill-suited to take the caern's long empty position of Master

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

———

SN Nn es

ofthe Challenge. Leilaisgroomingan adept young Spanish
Philodox named Maria Net-Harper for the position 2
much to the dismay of her male packmates.
Personalities: Leila Veil-Shredder (Sept Leader;
Glass Walkers, Metis, Ragabash), Abu Zeid (Caer
Warder; Glass Walkers, Homid, Philodox), Ra'id New-
Prophet (Master of the Rite; Glass Walkers, Homid,
Galliard), Haytham Eyes-Across-the-World (Gatekeeper;
Glass Walkers, Homid, Theurge), Nadir Night-Wire
(Keeper of the Land, Glass Walkers, Homid, Ragabash).

Jatt of the Watfern Fyame

Caern: 50km West of Siwa Oasis

Level: 1

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Stamina

Totem: lenpw

Tribal Structure: Silent Strider (Semi-abandoned)
Faintly powered by the Citadel of the Western Flame

near Siwa (see above), this caern is, at best, an unreliable

way station for passing Striders. Still, the banished tribe

is in desperate need when visiting its homeland and will

take what it can get. In the physical world the caern's

center is little more than a 100' long rocky scarp with a

hieroglyph representing Anubisetched into its surface. In

the Penumbra this outcropping becomes the base for the

Western Tower. Despite centuries of study, the Striders

have never been able to tap but the smallest of energies

from this awesome monolith. Perched on the edge of the

dangerous first domain, this caern, while solely in the

possession of the Silent Striders, is nonetheless aban-

doned most of the time. The only regular inhabitant of

this caer is the wolf spirit lenpw, though many visiting

Striders have made ita point to make the pilgrimage here.

Jypt of the Pronfoag Sava
Caern: Center near Luxor with the entire Eastern
Desert claimed as its bawn.
Level: 4
Gauntlet: 3
Type: Wyld
Totem: Khamsin
Tribal Structure: Red Talon

The great Sept of the Howling Sands is the largest
in Egypt, though not so large as they once were. One
of the oldest and most potent caerns in Egypt, the
protection and energies imparted here partially ex-
plains the tenaciousness of Egypt's Red Talon popula-
tion. Located in a hidden cave 20km east of Luxor, the
sept's center contains both a natural spring and a great
fissure that seemingly stretches into the center of the
Earth. From here intermittently erupts the Khamsin, a
great Wyld totem both feared and respected by the Red

1

aie \s


2 eee carer re re rai Ar a Peer eres

a SA"

Talons. A Moon Bridge from here also connects the
caern to the Bawn surrounding the Red Talon's much
smaller East Desert caern, the Sept of Hidden Waters.

Buried-for-Later, the pack's leader, gained hisname a
few years ago when an Endron First Team made the
mistake of trying to hunt the Red Talons in their place of
power. The young Ahroun tricked the men and their
machines into a place of sink-sand and howled mirthfully
as they disappeared from sight. Along with the mendicant
Dark-Sands-Shriek and the vicious Fears-no-Poison, these
three Ahroun form the backbone of what may well be the
strongest pack in Egypt. Stars-in-River is an alpha-female
and has fur so gray it almost appears silver. She has been
to the cities and is sister to Buried-for-Later, advising him
on the ways of rivers and men. The pack benefits greatly
by having not one, but two Theurges. Whines-for-Water
may not be at home in the desert, but he is learning and
has brought some valuable insights from his native Eu-
rope. Left Behind is fully detailed in Chapter Three.

Personalities: Buried-for-Later (Sept Leader; Red
Talon, Lupus, Ahroun), Dark-Sand-Shrieks (Caern
Warder; Red Talon, Lupus, Ahroun), Stars-in-River
(Master of the Howl; Red Talon, Lupus, Galliard),
Secrets-in-Sand (Gatekeeper; Red Talon, Lupus,
Ragabash), Left-Behind (Keeper of the Land; Red
Talon, Lupus, Theurge), Bloody Eyes (Master of the
Challenge; Red Talon, Lupus, Philodox)

Jatt of -idden Wafer

Caern: A wandering oasis in the Arabian Desert
Level: 1
Gauntlet: 4
Type: Wyld
Totem: Khamsin, Zorilla
Tribal Structure: Red Talon
Usually located about 30km southwest of the city of
Suez, this tiny oasis caern appears only during periods of
adequate rainfall (mostly November through March), but
nonetheless gives the Red Talons an important toehold in
the northern Arabian Desert. A seemingly permanent
fixture at this caer is a zorilla-spirit (zorillas are small
skunk-like animals). Not so much a totem, but a nomi-
nally allied spirit, the zorilla guides wolves to the wander-
ing oasis viaitsscenttrail. In return fornot beingeaten, the
zorilla also watches over the caern while the pack is away,
but generally stays out of sight when the wolves are in-
residence; Red Talon play can be a bit rough. Even the
pack's most impulsive cubs, however, have realized that
bullying the zorilla carries the risk of a spraying which,
unless vigorously treated, lasts for weeks (the dangers and
social stigma attached to one so marked are obvious).
Personalities: See Sept of the Howling Sands,
above.

82 Rage Across Egypt

I TD

Jott of the Mtbdoigbt Son
Caern: Temples of Karnak (Luxor)

Level: 2 (Potentially 5)

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Wisdom

Totem: Benu (Phoenix)

Tribal Structure: Silver Fang (Semi-abandoned)

At the northern end of Luxor are the Temples of
Karnak, a sprawling complex of temples built over a span
of about 1,500 years. Originally erected to the sun god
Amun overagreat nexus of spiritenergies, the temple was
once the place of power for House Wiseheart. The Silver
Fangs and their pharaonic Kin held sway over the caern
for millennia, despite their ups and downs in fortune
pertaining to the Egyptian throne. All this ended in one
night. While the actual events surrounding this eventare
hazy, even to the tribes involved, it is believed that the
recently banished Striders — desperate to find a caer
that would feed their need for Gnosis — were beguiled
into betraying the Silver Fangs to the undead. Set's
masterstroke in this matter both eliminated the Silver
Fang threat and cemented the Striders' curse in one fell
swoop. Even to this night, Garou who are attuned to the
Shadowlands may see a ghostly pack of Silent Striders
wandering the temple halls.

Only now is House Wiseheart considering a focused
attempt to retake their caern. Assisted by his loyal
steward (Casper De La Serna), Koyla Blood-of-Iron,
officially holds the position of Master of the Rite and is
here to cast the ritual that will bring the caern fully back
to life. He isso weakened, however, thata young initiate
of the Ivory Priesthood, Sefaru Pale-Fingers, is learning
to cast parts of the rite in his stead. Unfortunately,
Sefaru has been much changed since he saw that beau-
tiful young girl (the childlike ancient vampire Neferu)
while wandering the forbidden western bank. The pack's
other Theurge, Siham Colder-than-Death, is a highly
proficient and calculating elder of the Ivory Priesthood.
Aware of what is at stake 2 no less than the possible
resurgence or extinction of House Wiseheart in Egypt 2
she is serious about keeping Koyla alive, but is as yet
unaware of Sefaru's schemes. She spends most of her
time trying to re-open the caern's great Moon Bridge
(the Fire Way). The pack's Keeper of the Land is an
eminent Ukrainian archaeologist named Ivanava who
assists Siham in uncovering the caern's lost secrets.

The pack is currently "traveling light" and has
neither a Caern Warder (a dicey proposition in Luxor,
especially given the pack's lack of an Ahroun) or a
Challenge Master. This is a mission more of stealth
than of combat, but given Sefaru's conversion, the
time for hiding may soon be at an end. In such a case,


Koyla and company will be badly outmatched by the
Setites of the Fire Court, unless the Red Talons (or
visiting characters) choose to intervene. In keeping
with its name, vampire's who enter this caern are
scorched as if exposed to the light of day. For more
details on this caern, see The Sun Has Set (GCIII).

Personalities: Casper De La Serna (Nominal Sept
Leader; Silver Fangs, Homid, Ragabash), Koyla Blood-
of-Iron (Master of the Rite; Silver Fangs, Homid,
Galliard), Siham Colder-than-Death (Gatekeeper;
Silver Fangs, Homid, Theurge), Ivanava (Keeper of
the Land; Silver Fangs, Homid, Galliard)

Caern: Asyut

Level: 1

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Enigmas

Totem: Sphinx

Tribal Structure: Open

The now sizable town of Asyut was once home to the
cult of the wolf god Wepauwet and is the first recorded
gathering place of the Silent Striders in Egypt. Hence, its
caem is ostensibly the oldest in Egypt and quite possibly
one of the oldest still existing caerns in the entire world.
Impressive though this distinction may be, it isdwarfed by
the legend that an even older, and far more potent caer
(the Caern of the First Night) is rumored to be hidden in
the surrounding Penumbra. Alongan industrial strip, and
easily overlooked, is a small suq with a golden sign
reading: Mahfouz's Antiques , Curios and Curiousities. These
nights the caer a if you can still call it that a has seen
better times. It is miserly in how it doles out its limited
energies, but its distance to the Qena caern makes it a
viable emergency stop.

The caern is open to Garou of any tribe and its on-
again, off-again status has left it with only one perma-
nent resident, Mahfouz Eye-of-a-Thousand-Fathers,
who describes himself as its Keeper of the Land. This
wizened archaeologist and Stargazer Theurge may well
know more about Egypt's history than any other Garou.
Mahfouz hopes to find the underlying Caer of the
First Night, but so far his fifty-year quest has only
uncovered tantalizing riddles. In any case, he is ada-
mant that if the caern is ever discovered, it must be
returned to the Striders. Eminently polite, Mahfouz
likes visitors (as long as they don't stay too long) and
may even let his guests poke around a bit "maybe you
will find something I missed," (though it is fairly
obvious he holds little hope for the exercise). He
doesn't advertise his services, but Garou who stumble
across him will find him a font of information.

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands

eS

INN es

Jopt of the Estar Wind

Caern: Tanta
Level: 3
Gauntlet: 3
Type: Urban
Totem: Amaunet
Tribal Structure: Open, predominantly Silent Strider

Egypt's Garou can ill-afford to lose this precari-
ously held caern, which has more Moon Bridges to
foreign destinations than every other caern in the
country combined (owing to the caern's physical and
mystic correspondence to the Northern Tower). The
importance of this caern has been underscored on a
number of occasions by would-be invaders, who sought
to take the caern as a beachhead for adventures into
Egypt and the rest of the Middle East. The sept is open
in both membership and responsibilities, though a
Fury has held the position of Gatekeeper since time out
of mind (usually passed down from mother to daugh-
ter) in order to appease the caern's totem spirit. The
tribal affiliation of the other office holders has re-
volved with the centuries. A major transit point for
traveling Garou, it is the most visited caern in Egypt.

Currently this sept is without a leader; their last one
was killed bya Wyrm corrupted mage in the mid-90s. The
sept's Warder, Omar One-Leap, is filling his murdered
uncle's role, but chafes under his dual responsibilities (the
fact that he is a Strider and must travel to an allied caer
outside of Egypt to regain Gnosis doesn't sweeten his
disposition). A somewhat erratic personality, he was
once married to the sept's first and only female Master of
the Rite, Badr-al-Dujja. Predictably, disastrously they
produced a Metis child together. Even though the child
was stillborn, the perceived disgrace tore the couple apart
ina volley of mutual recriminations.

Omar's family has watched over the caern and tower
for centuries, and he is now trying to recruit someone to
displace his wife as Master of the Rite (not surprisingly, so
far no one has volunteered to walk into this hornet's
nest). The conflict within the caer reflects the darken-
ing skies without; their packmates fear they may destroy
the caern in their hatred for each other. Other members
of the caern include: Jamila Old-Darks-Passing, a very
westernized Black Fury who returned to the tower after
her mother's death; Rifrai, the taciturn but level-headed
younger brother to Omar; and the proud Meles Ayad who
manages to fulfil his role as Master of the Challenge,
despite being blinded by Port Suez's Ratkin.

Personalities: Omar One-Leap (Caern Warder
and temporary leader; Silent Strider, Homid, Ahroun),
Badr-al-Dujja (Master of the Rite; Silent Strider,

we


|

a A"

Homid, Ragabash), Jamila (Gatekeeper; Black Fury,
Homid, Theurge), Rifai (Keeper of the Land; Silent
Strider, Homid, Philodox), Meles Ayad (Master of the
Challenge; Bone Gnawer, Homid, Ahroun)

Jip of the Latt Stone

Caern: Damietta
Level: 2

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Strength

Totem: Ichneumon
Tribal Structure: Open

Damietta was a major battleground during the
Crusades and here a native Garou caern battled to the
last defender against Wyrm fetid agents amongst the
crusaders. Disappearing for centuries at a time and
then sparking back to life when most needed, today
this caern houses the Sand's Mystery Pack, what may
well be the most diverse and activist pack in Egypt (or
as less charitable members of other packs call them,
"the suicidal misfits"). Eschewing the go-slow ap-
proach to Egypt's vampire population and fearlessly
engaging other Wyrm-spawn on their home turf, the
pack has shamed Garou of stronger packs out of their
lethargy. From hunting a paranormal serial killer near
Alexandria, to taking on Endron and chasing dreams
in the Eastern Desert, the pack has recently paid for its
daring with the death of two members.

The sept's leader is Simon Twice-Back, a former
member of the Whispering Shadows sept, who re-
sisted the dark hungers unleashed among his
packmates. Now, angered by his former packmates'
corruption, he has set out on a mission to destroy the
cannibal faction. Unfortunately, other tribes seem to
have little stomach for rooting the Bone Gnawers
from their subterranean stronghold. The Sept of the
Last Stone is not nearly powerful enough to do the job
on its own and may approach visiting Garou for help.
The pack is small and every member has a formal
responsibility. Besides Thom Mind-of-Mirage (de-
tailed in the next chapter), the other members of the
sept include: the carefree Jumanah Whirling-Light;
the ever-questing Kemal Endless-Road; and the am-
bitious Zainab Silken-Roarer.

Personalities: Simon Twice-Back (Sept Leader; Bone
Gnawer, Homid, Ahroun), Jumanah Whirling-Light
(Caern Warder; Uktena, Homid, Ragabash), Kemal
Endless-Road (Master of the Rite; Stargazer, Homid,
Galliard), Thom Mind-of-Mirage (Keeper of the Land;
Fianna, Homid, Philodox), Zainab Silken-Roarer (Mas-
ter of the Challenge; Shadow Lord, Metis, Ahroun)

Rage Across Egypt

nn es

Lack Stra Phovat
Hh of the Tirathing Stepent

Hive: Near Giza
Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3 y
Type: The Void

Totem: Apep

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers

In 1941, when Rommel's Korps invaded Egypt, a

pack of Black Spiral Dancers following the carnage took
note of a strange Umbral disturbance and investigated.
What they discovered was a cabal of "enlightened"
humans, siphoning off energies that, by rights, should
belong to the Wyrm. In less than three hours the Dancers
decimated the mages' chantry. The Hive itself is an
inverted pyramid, almost completely buried in the sands.
There are four entrances to the Hive, one on each corner
of the pyramid. Only the southernmost, however, leads to
the lower levels. The other three drop the visitor into a
long corridor with no way out, and long-term wanderers
may find themselves in the Fields of Grain (see above).
The bottom of the pyramid holds a stone altar that
doubles as a gateway to the Fields of Grain and to
numerous other hives throughout the world.

Besides Hgienkad (detailed in the next chapter)
and the serpent-addled Soo-Telk, the hive's all-male
membership includes the sadistic Shrieks-Like-Tor-
tured-Woman and the oily Black-Blood-of-Earth who
owns a wildcat drilling operation in the Eastern Desert.
(He has clashed with Endron on more than one occa-
sion.) The twisted Hagath has had dreams in which he
has contacted the fallen Maeljin Ammit — dreams that
don't bode well for Hgienkad's future. Whose-Name-
Must-be-Forgotten is a recent addition to the pack. A
former member of the Sept of the Howling Sands and
the older brother of Fears-no-Poison, the far-ranging
Ragabash became trapped in a sentient pool of oil in the
Arabian Desert Penumbra. When he emerged, he un-
derstood all manner of new things about the world. Still
inexperienced in the ways of the Wyrm, he wishes to
share his newfound wisdom with his former pack.

Personalities: Hgienkad (Hive Leader; Black Spi-
ral Dancer, Homid, Theurge), Shrieks-Like-Tortured-
Woman (Hive Warder; Black Spiral Dancer, Homid,
Ragabash), Soo-Telk (Master of the Rite; Black Spiral
Dancer, Homid, Theurge), Hagath (Gatekeeper; Black
Spiral Dancer, Metis, Theurge), Whose-Name-Must-
be-Forgotten (Hive Keeper; Black Spiral Dancer, Lu-
pus, Ragabash) Black-Blood-of-Earth (Master of the
Challenge; Black Spiral Dancer, Homid, Ahroun)


ihe of the Bolling Sanat

Hive: Port Said

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Toxins

Totem: Whippoorwill

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers

Formerly a nest for Port Said's once large Ratkin
population, the Hive of Boiling Sands has become a
major source of concern to those who know of it. About
20 years ago the nest was invaded by a Black Spiral
Dancer pack who murdered not only the city's Ratkin
populace to the last member, but incredibly their totem
as well. The invading Black Spiral Dancers have paid a
price for their crimes. The hive contains a portal to the
Caver of Osiris (see above), a realm inhabited by the
Vhujunka. Two of the Black Spiral pack were tortured
to death by the realm's denizens before the pack's
Theurge was able to partially reseal the gate. The Hive
of the Boiling Sands is a proficient, if not extraordinary
pack. Its recent losses have lead to a shake-up in the
ranks, and its ceaseless rivalry with the Hive of the
Thrashing Serpent and its war with the Sept of the Last
Stone have limited its effectiveness of late.

The Hive Leader, Mansura Riposte, is a handsome
and somewhat dashing figure, if you can overlook the
sadistic madness in his eyes. A longtime operative for
Pentex, he has recently severed ties with the corpora-
tion in order to drive up his value with them. Pentex is
working to increase their presence in Egypt (and Africa
asa whole) and needs all the friends it can get. Nekhbet
Sands-Beneath-the-Door is a complete mystery, a Lu-

eee

INN es

pus avatar of the Wyrm who has stalked Egypt in various
incarnations for thousands of years. Not an actual
member of the hive, more an unofficial totem, his only
verbal contact has been with Shania, who milks this fact
forall its worth. The disturbingly likeable Shania Tuhamy
is invaluable to the hive, a recently converted Silent
Strider who still maintains her good standing within the
enemy camp. Born a Coptic Nubian and schooled in
Paris, the ebony-skinned ex-Strider raises a lot of eye-
brows on the streets of Port Said with her motorcycle
and torn jeans. Reading as Wyrm-tainted rather than
corrupted because of a fetish given to her to further her
disguise; she nevertheless is careful about whom she
approaches in fear of being discovered.

The hive's Gatekeeper, Necho, isa wretched rat-like
creature who seems more at home in the water than on
land. The Ragabash spends much of his time away from
the hive, swimming the Nile (he hates the sterile Suez
Canal). Vile even by Black Spiral standards, his favorite
activity is skulking among the reeds and watching the
young children come out to bathe in the river. Friedrich
Web-Whisperer isa Swiss millionaire who controls a vast
media empire through his European Kinfolk. He is biding
his time with the hive while looking to expand his media
conglomerate through pawns in Cairo.

Personalities: Mansura Riposte (Hive Leader;
Black Spiral Dancer, Homid, Ahroun), Nekhbet Sands-
Beneath-the-Door (Hive Warder; Black Spiral Dancer,
Lupus, Theurge), Shania Tuhamy (Master of the Rite;
Black Spiral Dancer, Homid, Philodox), Necho
(Gatekeeper; Black Spiral Dancer, Metis, Ragabash),
Friedrich Web-Whisperer (Master of the Challenge;
Black Spiral Dancer, Homid, Galliard)

Chapter Two: Up from the Sands 85



Curthew

Egypt holds comparatively few Garou. The land is, of
course, the tribal home to the Silent Striders, but few if any
ny of the other tribes avoid the land
out of respect for the Striders

choose to live here. M:

or fear of sharing their

This section presents information on the activities of the
thirteen tribes in Egypt, as well as the names and Traits of
some of the country's noteworthy werewolves

Pack Fipphat

"O Prophet, tell your wives and daughters and the believing
women that they should cast their outer garments over their bodies
(when abroad) so that they should be known and not molested"
(33:59)

The Qur'an
Islam, the dominant religion of Egypt, has a very
equalist attitude towards women — in theory. Howey

mention the words "Middle East
the humiliating veil, female circumcision, abuse,

— and with it, images of

legally
sanctioned murder, and a culture that treats women as
k

Fury will likely be rage. Indeed, it would seem that the tribe

second-class citizens — and the reaction from any Ble

would bes

arcely able to contain their anger long enough to
even assess the situation in the Middle East
Forsome of the more militant members of the tribe, this
is true. However, the tribe has roots in Egypt dating back to
the Ptolemaic dynasty, far predating Islam, and the Furies

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert

See ee ee ee

refuse to watch their sisters suffer one moment longer than
necessary. Often, however, the price of change is restraint,
as the Furies must swallow their Rage in order to aid Muslim
women in whatever way they can. Asa result, few Ahroun
of the tribe make their homes in Egypt

The greatest challenge the Furies face in the region isn't
the treatment of women, but getting around the years of

indoctrination that the women are given. The tribe is face:
with an enemy they can't overpower quickly, one that exerts
more influence than any living being — tradition. Tradi-
tionally, men hold the power and women do not. However,
this is a tradition the Furies know well and have worked
against in many other lands. The Amazons of Diana quietly
teach the true writings of the Qur'an to Muslim women,
trying to make them understand that the misogyny that
warps their faith can be curtailed and destroyed. The more
violent members of the camp rarely stay in the area for long
they are either found out by their enemies or become
disheartened and leave.
hardly the only
reason the Furies have to come to Egypt. The ancient land

However, the treatment of women is

is home to countless artifacts and lost treasures, and who

knows how many could be useful to the Garou — or should
be locked away forever, away from prying human archaeolo
gists. The Freebooters camp, therefore, makes occasional
forays into the Egyptian desert, often accompanied by Silent

87

ni rea a ne se reer meray


|

bfane rite by a vampire.
ly one caern in Egypt,
the Sept of the Healing
leave the caern often,

i hertribe (orany

e caern.

uth Face-to-
ed by human

er, a rather

display in a museum or us
Asa tribe, the Furies ¢

although the Mistress of fi

Dawn is an Elder Fi ¢

authorities
infamous

Tribe: Black Furies
Physical: Strength 2
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)
Social: Charisma 4,
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception telligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Expression (teach-
ing) 4, Primal-Urge Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 1, Leadership 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 4, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Ancestors 3, Allies 4 (former students)
Gifts: (1) Breath of the Wyld, Scent of the True Form,
Sense Wyrm, Truth of Gaia; (2) King of the Beasts,
Staredown; (3) Coup De Grace, Tongues, Wisdom of the
Ancient Ways; (4) Scent of Beyond, Take the True Form;
(5) Assimilation
Rank: 5
Rage: 4; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 7
Rites: (Accord) Cleansing, Contrition; (Caern) Badger's
Burrow, Caern Building, Moot Rite, Opened Caern, Opened
Sky, Shrouded Glen; (Death) Gathering for the Departed,
Lasting Glory; (Mystic) All, plus the Rite of the Sacred Gift
(see the Storytelling chapter); (Punishment) Ostracism,
Hunt, Shattered Soul, Stolen Wolf, Voice of the Jackal;
(Renown) All; plus any other rites the Storyteller deems
appropriate for a Rank 5 Mistress of the Rite.
Fetishes: Veil of Gentle Words (Lewe
veil resembles a normal veil worn by many Midd
women. When activated, however,-itb
of the Curse for one hour per success. Durit
veil can also simulate the effects of the Gift: Blissful Igno-
rance on command.

Image: Whenseen withouther veil, which isseldom, Jesal
isa heavyset Middle Eastern woman in her mid-forties. She has
gentle, brown eyes and moves with a slow, deliberate manner.

/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),

ipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-

88

She favors traditional Middle Eastern dress, and is very forgiv-
ing of Garou who criticize her for following the tradition.

Roleplaying Notes: The veil is the tool of the oppressor?
That's a bit like saying that a hammer is a tool of an abuser.
Possibly so, but it's meant as the tool of a carpenter. You are
adamantabout learning the true and original meaning behind
traditions —like the veil — before dismissing them outright.
You are strong in your way, and are the oldest and best-
respected member of your sept. While youdon'tcourtrespect,
you do accept it, and have been known to end rivalries
between younger Garou simply by shaming them.

History: Jesal was born in Jordan and raised in a strict
Muslim household. As she grew up, she began reading the
Qur'an and wondered about the true purpose of the veil and
whether or not some of the current practices were truly
sanctioned by the Prophet. When she questioned her par-
ents about this, they shamed her for her temerity and she
quietly demurred. Her First Change came upon her without
blood or rage — in the wake of horrible nightmares, she
found herself in Lupus form, crying for the moon.

Over the years, Jesal ran with no less than three different
packs and held sept positions all over Africa and the Middle
East. During this time, she tried to incorporate her understand-
ing of Islam into her newfound spirituality as a Garou. While
members of her tribe ridiculed her unmercifully for her insis-
tence on wearing the veil, she stuck to her belief that her veil
guarded her modesty and helped her shutout distractions. And,
given the vast knowledge of rituals and mysticism she has
accrued over the years, perhaps she was right.

Jesal has acted as mentor and surrogate mother to a
number of young Garou, both in her tribe and otherwise,
and could assemble a fairly impressive cadre of Garou in a
short time if she found the need.

Zone Cnawert

"I said there was no food. I didn't say there was nothing to eat."
— Calhoun, Ravenous

Egypt's densely packed population has more than its

share of poor, hung gry, and destitute citizens. And, true to

form, the B unfortunates

few other

length of the Nile before eine out (or spreading to other
countries — that remains to be seen). If the disease ever
spread to the more gentrified citizens, a serious outbreak

Rage Across Egypt
ams aa ca


was never reported. In fact, by the time such agencies as
the CDC and USAMRIID discovered the severity of
"Jackal Fever"

ered and the dead were buried. However, the disease left

d investigated, the survivors had recoy-

behind another danger.

While the cities' Garou were resistant (if not fully im-
mune) to the disease, they still felt its symptoms, including the
strange craving for flesh. While few if any cases of cannibalism
were reported among humans (by the time the craving re:

tharpoint, the humans were tooweak toactupon it), the
were not so lucky. A werewolf in the throes of the fever still
retained the ability to shapeshift... and to Rage

Entire packs of Garou, mostly Bone Gnawers and their
wolf Kinfolk, roamed the dirty streets searching for prey. Their
most common victims were other sufferers of the disease, too
weak to flee. Eating their flesh only intensified the hunger.
Eventually, the Garou's regenerative powers cured the
disease, but by that time, a good many of Egypt's Bone
Gnawers had grown... comfortable with their new
food source.

This horrible development probably would
have been discovered by the Glass Walkers if
not for the intervention of another
- the Eat-
ers of the Dead. The renegade

sect of cannibal Garou

Silent Striders and the de

ranged Bone Gnawers now work together in several cities,
hunting "special" prey — vampires, other shapeshifters,
and any other supernatural being with brains to rape and
flesh to devour.

Many of the non-Maneater Gnawers in Egypt have
begun to suspect trouble, but are largely afraid to ask for help
for fear of bringing down retribution upon the entire tribe.
For their silence, they are rewarded by forced conversion or
death in the gullets of their tribemates. One Ahroun in
particular, Meat Pudding, is highly aggressive in pursuit of
food — and allies to share it. His pack, Hungry Streets,
makes a point of finding any new Bone Gnawers that arrive

in Cairo as soon as possible and gauging their reactions to

consumption of human flesh. Based on that reaction, the

decision is made to convert them, conceal the truth from
them, or eat them.

While Meat Pudding licks his chops, other
Bone Gnawers stalk Egypt's streets as well. Laugh
ing Oded, a Galliard who can pass for a hyena in
Lupus form, runs with a hyena pack around the
outskirts of Al Jizah, Quari Filth, Ragabash
and Rat Fink extraordinaire, ventures into
the trash heaps of Egypt and comes
out with sensitive information


a AA

he claims is gleaned from trash spirits. Meanwhile, Father
Last-Secret, an Elder Theurge and one of the few untainted
Bone Gnawers remaining in Cairo, searches fora way to cure
his tribemates of their affliction.

Neat-Puiding

Position: Alpha of the Hungry Streets pack
Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ahroun.

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4515),

Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/
ance | (0/0/1/1)
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wi
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Braw,
dation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise
Skills: Leadership 2, Stealth 3, Su
Knowledges: Occult 2, Rituals 1 i
Backgrounds: Allies (wild dogs) 3/1
Gifts: (1) Create Element, Falling
Resist Toxin; (2) Curse of Hatredgi©
Rank: 2 '
Rage: 8; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 3
Rites: Talisman Dedication .
Fetishes: None
Metis Deformity: Musk
Image: Meat-Pudding
hideous. His face is cove

h, Primal Anger,
Aroma

fat his pack often wor
ious Aroma Gift at all

your chosen food? You believe that the disease showed e
way it should be — Garou towering over humans on the food
chain. Your pack required some convincing, but they came
around. Now all you have to do is convert the other Garou in
the city to your way of thinking (and eating) and you can give
the Leeches a real challenge as dominant predator.
History: Meat-Pudding was born toa mated pair of Bone
Gnawers, both of whom died in the plague. Glad to have a
deformity thatdidn't hamper him much (most Bone Gnawers
stink, after all), Meat-Pudding plans on leading the tribe, at
least in Cairo, someday. The plague nearly shattered that
dream, but he survived, albeit by breaking the Litany. His
illness sapped his stamina and left him weaker than before,
but he is still a determined and deadly force in Cairo's slums.

Rage Across Egypt
EEE TS aan meeamaiaaa Siena 1

bitten of Gata

"This land used to be lush and green. It seems hard to believe,
but it's true; once upon an age the Nile was cleaner, the soil more
fertile, and the desert didn't reach as far, There could be no better
sign of hope than to restore the land to that health and vigor — but
I regret to say that you won't bring such a welcome change by
drenching the dunes with blood."

— Mustafa Rain-Bringer, Child of Gaia Theurge

The Children of Gaia have walked the desert roads for
centuries. In the dark ages, they counseled those who would

s of peace and understanding, and continue
{hen war comes to Africaand the Middle
a rs. And for the first time in years,

still stalk the Egyptian night, and
the vampires stalk ies like great spiders. The environ-
mental disasters of the Middle East continue, and who
knows what effect they might have on the surrounding
waters and countries?
But the Garou have allies, now, The ratification of the
Ahadi has granted them the right to finally ask forgiveness of
the Fera, and more, to ask their aid. The dominant religion
brings fesyce and problems of its , but the Children have
i cl telighici since their incep-
ia's warriors feel they definitely
ec in particular, rejoices
eds in Africa and
ike, likewise,

red Gift —created by the tribe and
and Jesal Voice-of-the-Sands, the

weapon against Set's Curse. Itallows the Children to share
their Gnosis with other Garou, thus allowing the Silent
Striders some form of rest within their homeland. This rite
cemented the close alliance between the Children and the
Striders years ago, and the peacemakers are pleased to help
the wanderers in their slow journey towards reclamation,

One point that the caern's leaders bring up — in closed
meetings, of course — is what might happen if the Striders
do manage, somehow, to break the curse. Will they then
have to give up the caern? Doing so would serve as a great
symbol of the tribe's ongoing commitment to honor and
decency, and yet, how could the Striders, homeless for so
long, be trusted to maintain such an important place? On
the surface, the Children all agree that the caern should


belong to the Silent Striders, and yet, some younger mem-
bers murmur that if the tribe has kept the caern hidden and
safe for so long, why change this unnecessarily? One of these
Garou is the caern's Gatekeeper.

Other Children have gained reputations in Egypt, how-
ever, Among themare such notablesas Ahmed Night-Sands,
warder of the Healing Dawn caern and named for his cool,
quiet demeanor; and Mustafa Rain-Bringer, a Theurge who
firmly believes that if more of Egypt can be made fertile, the
land's spirit will be healed.

Sxl 0of-0f-Giala
Position: Gatekeeper of the Healing Dawn caern
Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6) f

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), 4
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3 |
Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empatl
sion 3, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Performance 3, Sui
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1, Occult
Backgrounds: Ancestors 2, Pure Breed 3
Gifts: (1) Call ofthe Wyld, Create Element, Mercy,

Touch; (2) Burrow, Luna's Armor; (3) Dazzle, Song
Rank: 3
Rage: 5; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 5
Rites: (Accord) Cleansing; (Caern) Ope:
Caern

Fetishes: Fetish of Office (Levelfil,
wielder to communicate directly

tional health level of damage pet tat
losses for carrying silver objects are d
level of damage/turn of contact with §

Image: In Homid form, Exalted-of-Gaiat
blond with pale blue eyes. Years of living at the caern have
darkened her skin somewhat, but she is still unmistakably
white. In her preferred Lupus form, she is a pure white-furred
wolf, and is often mistaken for a Silver Fang by strangers.

Roleplaying Notes: You are new to the caern's leader-
ship, and have yet to be truly tested as Gatekeeper. You are
young, vivacious, and much healthier and more attractive
than most metis... unless the slightest bit of silver is within 20
feet of you. Still, you are eager to fulfill your roleas Gatekeeper,
and, while you probably wouldn't admit it, the prospect of
having to give up the caern angers you. How many other
caerns, after all, would let a young Garou, let alone metis,
even attempt to prove herself in this position? It simply isn't

Ce eee

es LA PER

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert

fair to ask you to step down; thank Gaia it hasn't happened
yet, because you're not at all sure what you'd do.

History: Exalted-of-Gaia's parentage remains a mys-
tery to her, but her appearance, pure and noble bearing,
even her name (which she does not remember earning)
suggests Silver Fang blood. The Children of Gaia raised her
from infancy, and for a time, her metis deformity was
assumed to be mental, as she had no outward ailments.
Then, on her Rite of Passage, a wrestling match with
another'Garot ly killed her. The reason, she discov-
jergy to the silver klaive that her

no less! ). She joined the Healing
as Moonwalker for a time, but when her

ie previous Gatekeeper Mohammed BrightPromise
nding the caern, she was the only Garou remaining
~w the proper rites for the position. Thus far, she has
| herself well, but the sept leaders worry about her
ence. Exalted-of-Gaia, of course, is eager to prove

frish louts and raucous parties? Not in Egypt, my
son. No, here, most of us are English, and most of us are
wondering what in hell we're still doing here. White folks get
looked at crossways, yeah, but if the natives find out you're from
England then the words "Black Saturday" come up, and they get
brave real quick."

— Vincent Laughs-Loud, Fianna Ahroun

Fianna in Egypt are usually looking to get out. The tribe
has issues in its own homelands that need to be addressed,
fter all, and the reception they tend to receive from both

e native humans and Garou is none too friendly.
Not without reason, of course. England's occupation
"Egypt brought British Fianna (and their Kinfolk) to
pt in the late 19 century. While the Fianna tried to
ewhat more polite to the locals than their human
thren, it didn't always help. As one native Bone
inawer put it, "You can ‘Respect my territory' all you
ant, but you're still here, aren't you?"

The Muslim Brotherhood had already been pursuing
guerilla warfare against the British for years before Black
Saturday. During that time, Fianna found their Kinfolk being
targeted frequently, and even the Garou themselves occasion-
ally fell victim to assassination attempts. This led the tribe to
wonder exactly who was selling information to the "terrorists,"
something that nettles their descendants to this day.

Today, the tribe retains a small presence in Cairo and
Alexandria, but controls no caerns in Egypt. Many of the
Fianna who were present (or whose families were present)
during the troubles ofthe 1950s have left for Europe. Those who
remain do so for one of two reasons: the vampires and the fae.

Those who remain to combat the vampires typically
take their cues from Buries-the-Dead, using whatever

1

meray

|

ae A

governmental and military contacts might remain to what-
ever advantage they can. However, the cause of fighting
Egyptian vampires, however noble, does little to keep the
Fianna ina hostile country for long. The strange native fae,
however, are another matter.

When the Fianna arrived in Egypt, they discovered
that use of the Faerie Kin Gift brought aid from strange
beings in robes and turbans, who commanded powers
similar in effect but highly different in execution than the
fae with whom they were familiar. As the British occupa-
tion worsened, the Fianna discovered that the Gift became
less reliable, until finally, after Black Saturday, it stopped
working altogether. The strange native fae, who or what-
ever they truly were, had no covenant with the invade
and ignored them thereafter — until Thom Mi
Mirage came along.

A young Philodox born to a pair of Kinfolk wl
in Egypt even after the occupation ended, Thor
pack — the Sand's Mystery — in 1989. The pac!
have not brought them the fame and glory they m
wished, but Egypt's Galliards might spin the tal
they met the Blue Sands eshu. Lost in the deset
with a ninety-legged Bane, the pack stumbled t
looked like an oasis — and found it already in|
people who sat the water's edge looked at the
of whom were plodding through the desert in #
and cleared them a space. Thom, after drinkis
that they resembled the strange fae that had sh

contrition. The strangers did not acknowledge the ge
but all dipped their hands into the water and anointed
faces with it, and turned to stare at the

The next thing the Sand's Myst
standing on asand dune, with the Al
in the distance.

Since that time, Thom ha
energy his pack will allow on
allying with them. He calls them't
but even he cannot recall where

Other important Fianna who bra e
realities include Vincent Laughs-Loud, an Ahroun whose
father died in the Black Saturday riots; Jonah Eyes-of-
London-Skies, a Philodox who left his sept in England
after siring a metis pup; and the Galliard Louis Past-to-the-
Light, a former Oxford student (and occasional compan-
ion of the Uktena explorer Henry Shines-on-Secrets) who
searches for hidden truths in Egyptian history.

Thom Mnd-of Mirage
Position: None.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Fianna

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

92

naan

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2,
Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 1, Performance 2, Stealth 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Ancestors 2, Pure Breed 3, Resources 1
Gelnding trust fund)

Persuasion, Scent of the True Form;
) Faerie Kin

osis: 3; Willpower: 6

Rite of Accomplishment

None.

ge: Thom is tall and lithe, with ginger colored hair

t brown eyes. He dresses simply and comfortably,

itiously carriegat least one pound in his pocket,
ped.

i ying tes: You get accused of being spacey
quite often, but the truth is that you're always thinking.
You're much smarter than people give you credit for, it's
just that you need time to puzzle out your ideas, which
means that the quick-acting Garou don't always have the
patience to put up with you. Just lately, though, the fire's
been lit under your butt, and since you've recently at-
tained the rank of Adren, you've been pestering your
pack alpha to try and find the oasis where you met the
Blue Sands eshu. If your new Gift works on them, as you
feel it should, you'll be able to talk with them and maybe
jooth some things over.

, History: Born to Kinfolk parents in Alexandria, Thom
len found his early life surreal. He lived in an exotic
ind was treated like a prince in his house — and a
elsewhere. When the change took hold, his mentor
dvised him that the Curse might have been responsible
r his treatment during childhood, but Thom guessed that
being English had more to do with it. Whatever, he
thought, on to bigger and better things.

His time with the pack has been fulfilling, and the pack
stays realistic: they aren't going to be the ones to prevent or
win the final battle, but they might well be there on the field.
Since the encounter with the eshu, however, Thom won-
ders whether his destiny — and that of his pack — might be
slightly more exciting than they'd guessed.

Cech of Fert

"Honestly, | could give two shits about the politics around
here. Jews and Muslims killing each other, the occasional Chris-
tian preaching or starting shit. Whatever. | know how to show
respect to my god so he'll understand.

"Tell you what, though — the Muslims I've talked to have
this belief that if they die in battle, their souls reach Nirvana or

Rage Across Egypt

Se a ay,


something. I don't quite catch the language, but I can definitely
get behind the spirit!"

— Johnny Full-Clip, Get of Fenris Rotagar

The Get has few representatives in the Middle East, but
their numbers increase almost monthly. As a war zone in
which to prove oneself, Egypt is rapidly rivaling the Amazon
for the Fenrir's attention.

Whether as foreign mercenaries or descendants of
German colonists, the Fenrir maintain a small presence
here. On the whole, they don't care for the Striders' plight
or the pillaging of ancient tombs. What they do consider
important is the activities of the Wyrm in Egypt, and this
they find in abundance.

While the native Egyptian Garou are often glad to have
warriors flocking to their banner, the Get of Fenris worry
them. The tribe's long history of leaping face-first into any
conflict they can find is all very well in the Amazon, away
from human eyes (and armies!) but in the delicate political
powder keg that is the Middle Ease indiscriminate acts 9
violence may well a
ence of the G;
officials the
Get to fight
pick up the p

The truth of the matter is often mo
threatens the Get of Fenris. The Im

of the world (and certai

Ahadi requires Egyptian Gare

make war on the other Feta, ¥

ability to rely on traditional meat

re-evaluate the poss

consider that glorious, bloody

the situation here, and improving 0

ing the history and culture of the region — and then asking,

"What can we do to help?"
On the whole, this is not a tactic the Get relishes.
To be fair, some of the tribe has risen to the occasion.

The lupus Ahroun Basks-in-Fafnir's-Breath, for example,

has made several attempts to meet with the Red Talons at

the Sept of Howling Sands, trying to bolster their ranks.

The slight, physically unimpressive Theurge called Mary

Land-Rises-Up works alongside her packmate, the Black

Fury Ballah Freedom, in an ongoing quest for women's

rights. Meanwhile, the gruff and war-scarred Galliard Greg

Tales-from-the-Trenches runs guns (and sometimes fe-

tishes) to interested buyers. However, the Get with the

INN es

greatest hope for Egypt is a very young, very recent arrival

— Heckles-the-Wyrm.

Hadhler the Nyro

Position: None.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Get of Fenris

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),

Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-

ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
awl 1, Dodge 3, Expres-

fired from the dinglior wi
maniacal laughter, serving to frig] and *
at least irritate the hell out of them). Héckles also
arious spirits into the stones via the Rite of Binding,
"t uncommon for him to fire stones that emit foul
or momentary patches of darkness.
formity: Clawless — Heckles is incapable of
g claw damage in any form and runs at three-
ers speed over smooth ground in Lupus or Hispo forms
ie has little traction).
Image: At first glance, Heckles appears thin and weak.
This is half true. He is thin, but fairly wiry, and could hold
his own ina straight fight were it not for his lack of claws. He
is blond and fair, being Norwegian by birth, and commonly
wears a headdress and scarf to stop himself from burning.
Roleplaying Notes: You used to be young, brash, and
arrogant. You're still young, but much of the arrogance has
been smacked out of you. You were brought up to believe
that Garou were a dominant species, and dominance is
best showed through force. However, you aren't able to do
that as easily as the rest of your tribe, which often leads
them to believe that you are weak. You aren't weak, of
course, just strong in different ways. It makes you wonder
how many other metis have been passed over for being
subtly strong, and, by the same token, whether the other
Changing Breeds were too "weak" to survive, as you've
been told, or if the Garou just chose the playing field best
suited to them.

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert 93

ee


aA

History: Heckles-the-Wyrm was bom to a Get of out, if the cities keep growing, it soon won't matter if the
Fenris mother and an unknown father in Norway, inasept Weaver is contained within them, for all the world will be
controlled by Silver Fangs. Growing up onaglacier without —_ one great city!) While some of their Kinfolk have become
claws taught the young metis to be resourceful and quick, wealthy (and extended that wealth to the tribe), the Glass
and abuse from older Garou gave him a sharp tongue and = Walkers cannot shake the feeling that they prosper in Egypt
smart wit. After his Rite of Passage, he found himself being —that they exist in Egypt— because someone or something
urged to leave the sept, but had nowhere else to go. allows them to do so. Naturally, this paranoia does not

Stories had found their way to his sept, h tefléct well on the businesslike Garou, and so they rarely
regarding a Garou in America in much the same p éuss it. The fear surfaces in other ways, however.
as Heckles. A metis as well, this Get had made a ‘The Glass Walkers of Egypt are more militant than
himself trying (however unsuccessfully) to atone forhi Business partners of Glass Walker Kin (and, periodi-
Ancestors' deeds in the War of Rage. Following the Kin themselves) are subjected to Gifts such as
prompts from his Ancestors, in the form of visions snsé Wyrm, Truth of Gaia, Sense the Unnatural, and
dreams, Heckles discovered that he and the Americ tle screening via whatever fetishes the tribe can find.
(called Dane Praised-of-Fenris) were actually dista ui supernatural influence is detected (which, of course,
ins, and that their family line had sired an emba g i ) the tribe pursues it aggressively, calling in interro-
number of metis over the years. Originally, Hed cs tribe's organized crime arm. Most
planned to journey to America and meet Dan d up scaring some poor dupe half
of the Ahadi beckoned him to the Mid hile, they get lucky and find a
resides in Luxor, technically under the protection! pire's servant or a budding fomor. These occasional
Wiseheart, but is attempting to find other Fera i esses" only prove to the tribe that some far greater

"improve relations." He would make a loyal ally iracy is at work.
unwitting pawn — to whatever being hefi nds first. is hysteria might be curbed if the tribe had allies to
MY iss i er, they have begun to alienate the

H v cities, demanding that they

we their ievalry md good will through increasingly

to him, and I don't give a donkey's balls what ibe 0 a means. The Bone Gnawers, having found their own
how they've suffered!" iy tosurvive, thumb their noses at the Glass Walkers. The

— FIGMO, Glass Walker Philodox Children of Gaia, who would be perfectly willing to help if
While the vampires conduct obscene rityal : v eeded it, have yet to see the scope
bowels of Egypt's cities, and the BoneG urvive 0 ilent Striders, who for some time
their own ways, the Glass Wa ng. At a Walker hospitality and assis-

they vehemently insist that they are. i u ow are asked to jump through so many hoops before
The Walkers have taken an interest in the Middl Wing aid that they don't feel it's worth their time.
for hundreds of years, and watched eagerly asA : Samir, the usually verbose Galliard Who Speaks 'Til Sun-
gave rise to advances in astronomyan i ris e current attitude of the Striders towards
of many other lands. When mu ; s m "Fuck ‘em and their neighbors, too.")
oceans, and then the plains, as: < the cities' Garou are disgruntled towards the Glass
went east instead. What they fe the rural Garou are downright hostile. Dark-Sand-
and intrigued them. §, the Warder of the Sept of the Howling Sands,
To besure, Egypt hada rich culture ang < ome years ago that a Glass Walker entering the
serve as homes for the urban Garou. Bull iti a i e caern was to be treated as a foe, regardless of his
tained spirits the likes of which the werewolves hz thd apparent intent. While this vicious policy has
ity: ss [put to the test (the Glass Walkers feel they have
walked the streets clothed in fl + r to do than traipse through the desert), all
ders — there was potenti i i od Ware of the implications. Even if the two tribes
and became comfortable in Eevg i i ight, their bad blood creates a dangerously
table Wyrm-taint they found, ai that n ide foe or the Wyrm's forces, and this fact feeds the

Years later, the Glass Walkersare:

industry and have been battling the Leeches (largely unsuc- Certain Glass ‘Welkers stand' out above their peers.
cessfully) in a cold war with no sign of victory insight. Their Haytham Eyes-Actoss-the-World, a Theurge and unparalleled
promise to restrict human technology to human cities, made hacker, works feverishly to secure the Glass Walkers' Internet
so many years ago, has been taken out of their hands as Connections from spiritual interference. FIGMO, a Philodox
humans spread their Weaver-touched toys into the deserts Who experienced his first change very late in life (age 19) while
and beyond. (Besides, as the Red Talons are quick to point Mactive duty inthe U.S. Ammyis currently AWOL andhiding

out in Al-Faiyum (his name is a military acronym meaning

94 Rage Across Egypt
J gua EE IT,


ANNs es

Metis Deformity: Allergic to Sunlight: Leila's skin
and eyes are extremely sensitive, and she suffers
a +3 to all Physical and Social difficulties
while in direct sunlight, as well as a -2 on
Rage rolls.

"Fuck It, Got My Orders"). Ra'id NewProphet,
an Urban Primitive, attempts to introduce
young Muslims to the concept of "Gaia",
focusing on the passage in the Qur'an
that states, "And spend in. Allah's

cause and let not your own hands Image: Leila is an athletic Arabic

| woman in her late 30s. She has jet-black
hair without a single streak of gray, which
she keeps cut short. Her brown eyes are
intense and unwavering, and most people
caught in her gaze find themselves squirming
in discomfort. She dresses in expensive busi-
ness suits and absolutely refuses to wear a dress.
Roleplaying Notes: You know the ru-
mors. You don't care. You built your for-
tune from the ground up, and you will
My be damned if anyone is going to take
it all away, even if they have been
manipulating human society since
it began! You see your tribe as
nicely self-sufficient, and if any-
one gives you grief — Bone Gnawers,
vampires, Red Talons, whoever— you'll
make them wish they'd never crossed
the Veil-Shredder. You are vocally out-
spoken on women's issues, and are
picious of men of all races, but e
cially Arabic. This could be called a
form of chauvinism, but you prefer to
think of it as a sort of defense.

contribute to your own destruction
and persevere in doing good..." The
most powerful and famous Glass
Walker in Egypt, however, is un-
questionably the Don, Leila El-Sabeei,
known to the Garou as Veil-Shredder.

eh Vitl-Sbredeler

Position: Sept Leader (Sept of the Solar
Barque)

Breed: Metis (presumed; actually
homid)

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Glass Walkers

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexter-
ity 4 (4/5/6/6), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5
(3/2/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 4, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Leadership
4, Melee 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Investiga-
tion 3, Law 2, Linguistics 3 (Arabic and
Japanese, among others), Medicine 2,
Occult 1, Politics 4, Rituals 5, Science 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3 (corporate), Contacts 5, Re-
sources 4

Gifts: (1) Blur of Milky Eye, Control Simple
Machine, Open Seal, Persuasion, Trick Shot;
(2) Obscure the Truth, Power Surge, Sense of
the Prey, Staredown; (3) Data Flow, Gremlins,
Reshape Object; (4) Attunement, Luna's Bless-
ing, Whelp Body; (5) Chaos Mechanics,
Thieving Talons of the Magpie

1S-

History: Leila isa woman of many
secrets. Hertrue parentsareamong them,
as is the reason for her passionate hatred
of the veil. How exactly she assumed
command of the Middle Eastern branch of
a major medical supplies company is an-
other strange circumstance, but she did.
Leila's promotion to Vice President of
International Affairs shocked the company,
but shocked the Garou even more. Not only
was Leila a woman gaining power in the
Arabic world, but she wasa metis moving in
human circles effortlessly! At the tribe's
request, she joined a pack, quickly assumed
command (another surprise), and kept her
packmates close to her as "consultants" dur-

Rank: 5 - ing her travels. Leila's pack, recently dis-
Rage: 5; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 9 banded after a successful (if not widely publi-
Rites: (Accord) Cleansing, Renuncia- cized) victory in the Sudan, has caused trouble

tion; (Caern) Opened Caern,
Shrouded Glen; (Mystic) Binding,
Becoming, Questing Stone, Spirit
Awakening, Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: Spirit Whistle

for Magadon Pharmaceuticalsall overthe world,
and made a name for itself as a group of success-
ful Monkeywrenchers.

|

After she attained the rank of Athro, Leila returned to
Egypt and took a keen interest in her sept's leadership.
When the sept leader died, she challenged for the post and
won. The sept's policies changed, gradually, growing more
and more paranoid until they reached their current xeno-
phobic levels. Meanwhile, Leila pursued her own agendas,
apparently with some degree of success, judging by her
good humor in-recent weeks.

Exactly what Leila is up to stumps most Garou. Among
the paranoid Glass Walkers, though, a terrible rumor has
surfaced, Certain members of the tribe have noted their
Don's sexual appetites: she is well known for taking men to
her bed, quietly, and exhausting them. She is also rarely seen
during the day, claiming that her job requires her to travel
extensively. At night, however, she is typically vivacious
and refreshed. All this, plus the fact that she has never
spoken of her young life, leads some to wonder if she is
indeed metis...or Garou at all. (See the Storyteller's Chap-
ter for more information on Leila and her plans).

Red Tilont
"We have guarded these sands for many moonrises he
Silent Striders fled before the might of the Curse, and we
at them then, for we did not understand what it meant to,

"We understand this now."
— Bloody Eyes, Red Talon Philodox
The Red Talons in Egypt have nev

piotectécare for cabrio While
their brethren the world over, th
pride and power, and believe th

ancestor's wishes.

lost in Egypt. fr

More than oneKundred if
both Theurges — mated
family was cast out fropit
trying desperately to'reach anothe
exposure. As it happened, that,wo
able. The Garou were capturéd by the Setites and kept
chained and tortured for sport in an unholy temple. Even-
tually, all three— mother, father, and cub — were mur-
dered by the Leeches.

Had any other Theurge been presentat the time of their
exile, she might have been gifted with a sign from Gaia, a
warning not to banish this family. Their family line carried
with it the strongest ancestral connection to the Progenitor
Wolf in Garou history. And now, so many years later, the
tribe is feeling the loss.

The Sept of the Howling Sands is dying. Slowly but
noticeably, the life spans of the Garou and Kinfolk of the
sept have grown shorter. Mental decay sets in much earlier
in life than it should, and ritemasters are hard-pressed to
perform their duties correctly. What's worse, the Red
Talons' connection to their ancestors has grown steadily

Rage Across Egypt

7 _—

ee eee

weaker. The soul of the caern is dying, and no matter how
fervently the Master of the Howl entreats its totem, no
succor is forthcoming.

Theories for this tragic turn of events vary, of course.
Some Red Talons believe that the curse upon the Silent
Striders is somehow "bleeding" onto them, and have urged
that no Strider be allowed within the bawn of the caern.
Some do not try to guess the cause, but slip into Harano and
die even sooner. And some few, who have heard the stories
of the Banished Pack, wonder what they took with them
besides their deformed child.

d concerns itself with keep-
sand trying to breed enough
. Wolves do not survive well
ye taken to breeding with
sponsible for the lack of
hat the tribe is currently
damant that the Talons
a. This attitude keeps
y from humans, so
ive in theiroutlook
lore permissive —

ir included, may have
§ from their sept, but one
as other ideas. Left-Behind,
taken to meeting with the Get
Basks-in-Fafnir's-Breath secretly, trying
strategies for revitalization of the caern. So far,
fe been unable to do so.

~~ Other Red Talons in Egypt take action in their own
ways. Bloody Eyes, a Philodox who believes that the Talons
should ask for help in re-vitalizing their caern, makes re-
peated petitions to the elders to that effect, but spurns Left-
Behind as a weakling. Fears-no-Poison, a vicious Ahroun
who gained her name by eating scorpions patrols the desert
as the strongest of the sept's Guardians. And Whines-for-
Water, a Theurge and recent addition to sept, whimpers

incessantly of missing his native European forests.

Lipp Eabiod

Position: Keeper of the Land, Sept of Howling Sands
Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Red Talons

Physical: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empa-
thy 2, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Stealth 2

a lS


Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Medicine 2,
Rituals 3

Backgrounds: None.

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Mother's Touch, Sense Prey, Spirit
Speech; (2) Sense the Unnatural

Rank: 2

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 5

Rites: (Accord) Cleansing, Contrition, Hunting Ground;
(Mystic) Spirit Awakening, Summoning, Weeping for a
Vision

Fetishes: None.

Image: In his breed form, Left-Behind is a scrawny, red-
brown runt, more jackal than wolf. In his human form, he is
barely taller than five feet and skeleton-thin. He has thin,
red-brown hair anda burnt-looking complexion. His Crinos

in favor of the slightly m6
Roleplaying Notes:
and generally shoved about
it all. If your human form were!
ities and se see! how thes

Left-Behind and Bloody Bfes have a simmering rivalry
that Left-Behind is completely powerless to pursue. Bloody
Eyes, for his part, would be quite shocked — not necessarily
unpleasantly — to discover his worthless cousin so fervently
trying to aid the caern's spirit.

JSibadow Lord

"My task is to find and end corruption within the Garou
Nation. | have tracked down and slain traitors on three continents,
and no fewer than a dozen septs credit me with identifying plots to
destroy them from within. Now, my superiors have asked that I
tum my attention, and the attention of my subordinates, to Egypt.

"T hardly know where to begin."

—The Unlidded Eye, Shadow Lord Philodox and
investigator for the Judges of Doom

The Middle East brims with soldiers, most of which
fight with fanatic loyalty. The Garou of the region are
typically no different, and only require a leader. The Silver
Fangs of Egypt, pitiful remnants of House Wiseheart hiding
in Luxor after the decimation and corruption of their caern.

SS

in Russia, are in no shape to lead Egypt's Garou. The Silent
Striders are making a comeback, true, but the curse on their
heads lessens their effectiveness. The Glass Walkers are well
established, but rumors of corruption abound (and besides,
who but urvah would follow urah?). But, not to worry— the
Shadow Lords have arrived.

In truth, the tribe has maintained a small presence in
Egypt for several decades. Ever since the Silent Striders
began dropping hints about the wondrous fetishes at risk of
Wyrm corruption beneath the desert sands, the Lords have
been sure that some members of their tribe keep tabs on the
country. Recently, however, the tribe has begun taking a
more active role in Egypt. This activity is partially in
response to the military campaigns of Buries-the-Dead and
Walks-With-Might; while the Lords don't really believe
that even such resourceful Garou can do much more than

the Leeches, they do recognize that with every
ttle, discarded resourges lay ready for the taking.

y within the tribe by inves-
imag not without some risk.

visible Garou to the Shadow Lords are the
Glass Walkers and'the Silver Fangs. The Lords assume that
the Fangs are doddering and senile, as well as being
whipped and discouraged by their experiences in Russia.
(This is largely a misconception; see the Fangs' write-up
below.) The Lords make no assumptions about Leila the

Veil-Shredder and her tribe, however.

The fact that Leila, a metis and an Arabic woman,
managed to claw her way past the glass ceiling and assume
virtual command of not only her corporation and her
tribe in Egypt impresses the Lords to no end. (In fact,
some Ragabash of the tribe have joked about asking her
to trade up.) However, recently a Shadow Lord Kinfolk
who happens to work in the same field as Leila contacted
his nephew with an interesting bit of information. Leila's
company has been looking out for a new building, osten-
sibly to house a large production facility. The sites that
she has chosen for consideration, however, are inconve-
niently located and rundown. The Shadow Lords consid-
ered what this might mean, and have determined that
either Leila truly is losing her mind (and all available

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert 97

RE


ae AA

evidence points to the canny Elder being in complete
control of her faculties) or the Lords simply do not have
enough information to make sense of this development.
At present, their investigation is slow. Since some
Glass Walkers have responded to Buries-the-Dead's call to
arms, the Shadow Lords have sent their own delegates as
well. The hope is that the youth of both tribes may talk
freely, shedding some light on Leila's machinations.
Confrontation may be sooner in coming than that,
however. The Judges of Doom have sent a representative to
Egypt, looking for traitors and spies. The Unlidded Eye, an
Athro and skilled interrogator, is slowly meeting with sept
leaders in Egypt. He has not yet met with Leila, preferring to
give her time to get worried, but plans to do so soon.
Meanwhile, any given Shadow Lord could be his ears, and
any murder of crows might hide one of his Stor i

Social: Charisma 5, Manipdlation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4 (details), Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Intimi-
dation 4, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 5 (pushing buttons)
Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 2, Leadership 3, Melee 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 4, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 2 (Italian and French as well as English; he usually
conducts interrogations in the Garou tongue), Occult 4,
Politics 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Kinfolk 3, Pure Breed 4, Re-
sources 3

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw, Interrogator,
Persuasion, Scent of the True Form, Truth of Gaia; (2) Call
to Duty, Luna's Armor, Staredown (3) Direct the Storm,
Summon Stormcrow, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4)
Roll Over, Take the True Form

Rank: 4

Rage: 5; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 8

Rites: (Accord) Cleansing; (Mystic) Questing Stone, Si-
lence; (Punishment) Hunt, Ostracism, Stone of Scorn,
Voice of the Jackal; (Renown) Shame

Fetishes: Metronome of Truth (Level 2, Gnosis 6): This

device, which resembles an ordinary wooden metronome, is

the Unlidded Eye's favorite interrogation tool. When acti-

vated, it will tick continuously, adding +1 to the difficulties of

any mental roll made in the room (including Subterfuge rolls

made to lie convincingly). This difficulty modifier increases by
one every half-hour (cumulative) to a maximum of +4.

Image: The Unlidded Eye is a short, stocky man in his

30s. He has dark hair, fair skin, and a gaze that wavers

between sympathetic indulgence and flesh-crawling cru-

elty. He always dresses well, and though he usually appears

completely at rest, he never allows himself to relax entirely.

Roleplaying Notes: You are personally responsible for

of 14 traitorous Garou. You are absolutely con-

heft fate and that the interro-

d the truth. Nonetheless, you

ary. You wish you could explore

Went his First Change at age 13 and
orextracting the truth from captured

post as a diplomat and ube

When con acting interrogations, the Eye learns every-
thing he can abotit the accused and uses it to best advantage.
Usually, that mean' pushing buttons until the Garou fren-
zies (which the Eye can curb with his Gifts, ifnecessary) and
then renewing the questioning with new aggression, ex-
hausting the accused into telling the truth. One tactic the
Eye does not use is lying — he considers lying to obtain the
truth the worst kind of hypocrisy.

Sent Stelders

"The question is, ‘Why Egypt?' After all, most of us aren't
really Egyptian. Oh, some of us look it, but mostly that's because
we're from surrounding areas, the Middle East, and so forth. A
lot of Striders the world over talk a great game, but you wouldn't
get them near their homeland in a tank. So why are any of us here?
After so many centuries of getting our heads handed to us, why
now, when messengers are needed so many other places?

"Couple reasons, really. First off, a couple of stand-up
Garou in the tribe—and I'm thinking chiefly of Buries-the-Dead
and Walks-With-Might — said ‘enough's enough' and went to
war. Walks-With-Might's got some really heavy hitters behind
him, some of whom aren't Garou at all. Buries-the-Dead has

Rage Across Egypt

a

a ais


forgotten more about killing Leeches than I'll ever learn, so even
though I've never heard of the two of them together at the same
time, they're a major two-pronged attack on this country's woes.
Anyway, it's not just that they're leading by example, they're
asking for help. Buries-the-Dead in particular, I've heard from
very reliable sources, has something large going down soon, and
wants Garou to help — rank's not a concem, just competence.

"The other reason, well, that's a really touchy subject among
the Striders. Seems the brain-eaters —you know, the crazy Garou
that think they can gain wisdom by eating the brains of whatever
stumbles their way? — have discovered a way around the Curse.
That's right, the members of our tribe who skirt the Wyrm's edge,
so to speak, found a way to dance around our tribe's greatest
shortcoming. And you'd better believe, the rest of us don't trust this
new development any farther than we can spit a camel.

"So forone reason or another, there's more of usin Egyptlately.
And it's been hell, but damn it, it's good to be home."

— Samir the Jackal, Galliard of the Silent Striders

The once-native Egyptian Garou want their homeland
back. The Eaters of the Dead consume the brains of their
foes, Srerching for forbidden knowledge to help them break

ing news and coordinating
influence in the long.

they might complain of ustirp

pation. The Striders cannot
rest in their own homes, thanks to Set's curse.

The situation may well be worsening. The Eaters of
the Dead have, according to rumor, found a way to
sidestep Set's curse, taking what the land will not give
them by eating their victims' souls as well as brains.
Reportedly, by consuming the brain of a supernatural
being, or even an especially strong-willed human, the
cannibal can accrue the Gnosis that the curse denies him.

How long this has gone on and who discovered it is
unknown. The Striders have begun to investigate, however,
and thus far, the results have been maddening. The culprits
elude their pursuers in the filthy cities of Cairo and Alexandria,
aided, some suspect, by the Bubasti (who have much to gain by
the knowledge in the skulls of other night-folk) and perhaps
even the inscrutable Ratkin. Some Garou refute these claims,
stating that the scent left at the scenes of the devourings is
unmistakably Garou... though not necessarily Strider.

If the cities are dangerous, the deserts aren't much
better. Very few unspoiled caerns dot the Egyptian land-
scape, and Striders are loath to rest at any of them, for fear
of attracting the Soul-Drinker Banes to a holy place. These
Banes also stalk the Umbra, and, at night, the physical

ai" "oo

INN ae

realm, searching for unwary Striders. No matter where they
roam, Egypt is inhospitable to its rightful guardians.

And yet, the Striders have not given up hope. Among
the Dispossessed, new leaders have emerged to give the tribe
new hope. One such leader, of course, is Walks-With-
Might, one of the founders of the Ahadi. Another warrior,
slightly less famous but just as effective, is Buries-the-Dead.

Buries-the-Dead, an Ahroun, has made it her personal
mission to destroy as many of the Leeches as possible. She
leads a war pack into the cities, searches out the vipers, and
scatters their ashes high. Her strength lies in her sheer
ferocity and tenacity; she refuses to be drawn into the
vampires' political machinations (as far as she knows). She
doesnot bargain, and has never yet granted a Leech's plea for
mercy, no matter what it dangles in front of her. She and her
war pack make frequent use of the Healing Dawn caern as
their home base, returning to regain Gnosis and make plans,
as well as participate in moots and rites, before striking out
again for more serpent blood.

The rest of the tribe, of late, seems infected by the
energy of these Garou. For the first time in centuries, the
a of-retaking Egypt from the serpents, or at lem
dent, seems is postin The tribe in Egypt —

g up for a conflict of oe

victorious Garou?

Other notable Striders include Hejira, a lupus-bom
Ragabash who specializes in leading enemies into ambushes;
Samir the Jackal, the Galliard Who Speaks 'Til Sunrise; and
Damien Mourns-the-Dead, a young Theurge intent on learn-
ing the tribe's history, searching for a loophole in the curse.

Burtat-fbe-Doag

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Silent Striders

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Expression
2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 1, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3,
Leadership 3, Stealth 4, Survival (desert) 4

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Lin-
guistics 3, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Rituals 2, Vampire Lore 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Pure Breed 2

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert 99

NY

fone maererane nnn erence

Gifts: (1) Falling Touch, Inspiration, Sense Wyrm,
(2) Jam Technology, Sense Silver, Spirit of the Fray; (3)
Adaptation, Reshape Object; (4) Attunement, Dam the
Heartflood *

*This Gift can only be used ona supernatural creature
with a Blood Pool, who gains power from that blood
(vampires, ghouls, ete. — even Ananasi). The player
spends a Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + Medicine
(difficulty of the target's Willpower). Each success pre-
vents the target from spending any Blood Points, for
whatever purpose, for a full turn. A werewolf may use this
Gift only once per scene against a given target, but mul-
tiple Garou may use this Gift on a target once each. Strider
packs armed with this Gift are among the fiercest gal
slayers known to the Garou.

Rank: 4

Rage: 7; Gnosis:
Rites: Moot Rite

Fetishes: Klaive of Purity (Level 4, Gnosis 7): When activated,
this fetish makes the wielder immune to mind or soul-corrupt-
ing powers for one turn per activation success, so long as the
wielder is in no way breaking the Litany by her actions, It also
prevents the wielder from ever succumbing to the vampiric
Embrace; if this is attempted, the fetish's owner dies painlessly
and the fetish shatters in a blazing nimbus of sunlight.

; Willpower: 7

Image: Buries-the-Dead is slightly over five feet tall, and
unlike many Silent Striders, is muscular rather than lean. She
has olive skin and short, black hair, and isnever without a cane
or walking stick (which she may Reshape into a stake at a
moment'snotice). Shesmilesoften, refusing toallow the horror
of the End Times dim her spirits. While in Egypt, she wears the
veil, for two reasons. First, it arouses fewer suspicions, and
second, it covers the scars that mar her throat and neck.

Roleplaying Notes: Difficult as it is to prove, you
believe you are making progress. The Leeches may continu-
ally spawn more, but that only shows their fear. You have
been met with bribes, threats, assassination attempts, the
slaughter of Kinfolk, pack members, and all forms of serpen-
tine magic, and you meet it all with a smile. The serpents
cannot cause you to lose hope, for you know you are doomed
to die beneath a vampire's bite — and that your klaive will
avenge you.

History: Buries-the-Dead was born in Cairo in 1963
Her First Change left three young vampires scattered to the
is well as several peace officers unlucky enough to fall
under the gals' influence. The Silent Striders found her and
smuggled her out of the country to America, where she
formed a pack and stalked Leeches on the streets of New
York, Detroit, and Miami before returning to Africa. While
her war is on all vampires, she recognizes that she can do the

100 Rage Across Egypt


most for (and expect the most help from) her tribe by
concentrating on Egypt, so for the last several years, she has
roamed the country, leaving only piles of ash and bloodstains
to mark her passing.

Sifter Fange

"Imagine this: You're a knight in the Crusades. For the sake
of argument, we'll say you're Muslim. You're feeling great,
because your particular battalion or whatever just stomped on the
infidel invaders really badly, and you and your pals are just doing
the mopping-up. So you round a bend, and there, ina little stone
house, dug in like ticks, are three Christian soldiers. Now, you
don't know it, but behind that door, hidden in that house, they've
got the Shroud of Turin, abig chunk of the True Cross, and, Idon't
know, a signed note from Jesus saying "To Peter: Sorry I missed
you, see you soon, pick me up a beer on the way to Calvary."
Now, exactly how much luck do you think you'd have getting those
knights to ae yelling out, "Hey, yo fucked,

come as an unp!

After the des n of the Aral Sea caern, the some of
the Fangs retreated to the Middle East, hoping to find help
at the Sept of the Midnight Sun in Luxor. To a point, this
worked: two of the house's (and the tribe's!) greatest assets
are safely out of Russia.

One of these assets is a fetish of great power in a very
innocuous package. It is a small clay jar containing a fine,
blue powder. When mixed with the blood of a Garou hero
of great enough stature (the Silver Fang legends state that
the hero must belong to their tribe, but this is not truly the
case), the powder becomes suitable for use as paint. If this
paint is then applied to another fetish, the fabled Portrait
of the Bogatyrs, an important sign will be revealed to
Garou about the Apocalypse. At present, the Garou do not
know where the Portrait is to be found — legends place it
somewhere in the treasure hoard of a great beast in Russia
— but at the moment, the Fangs are grateful to have the
paint intact.

The other important reason that the Fangs of Luxor
receive no visitors and keep an extremely low profile is
Kolya Blood-of-Iron. The mighty Silver Fang Galliard is a

Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert

a a en ee

INN ee

Grand Elder, and knows virtually every rite the Garou have
reason to use, including the Rite of Caern Building. A
mighty warrior for Gaia in his younger days, he served as
Master of the Rite for the sept of the Aral Sea in Russia
before the caern's destruction. During that battle, he suf-
fered a wound that defies all magical and natural attempts at
healing, and lies stricken at the Wiseheart lodge at the Sept
of the Midnight Sun in Luxor, attended by Casper, his
steward and trusted friend.

The recovery of a Grand Elder from the brink of death
would make a strong rallying point for the Fangs, and both
Casper and Kolya are well aware of this. So, however, would
his death, and the Fangs suspect that the Shadow Lords
might well twist the situation to their advantage if they
knew of Kolya's condition. Likewise, while the Leeches are
notas strong force in Luxoras in other Egyptian cities, Kolya
is fairly sure that should his location and status become

Redes his lodging mightbe destroyed hy | ‘terror-

would certainly strike fear in
iz hearts, so several of the Striders a

it ornot, the Red Talons of the
it part to keep enemies away from

unmolested, onal thereloge knows Kolya is being kept.
She has shown up unannounced @tSeveral occasions asking
to speak with him. Casper, who is aware of her odd reputa-
tion (not to mention doggedly loyal to his friend) has turned
away her ploys of threats, bargaining, and appealing to the
Fang's desperate situation. However, since Casper doesn't
know what she wants with Kolya (and Leila won't say), the
steward has begun to wonder if the ruthless Glass Walker
Don won't just sell what she knows to the highest bidder and
be done with it.

Luxor is not the only city that boasts Silver Fangs
among its Garou, however. Some young Renewalist Fangs,
eager to show that their tribe's prowess in battle is un-
dimmed, have arrived to fight alongside Buries-the-Dead.
Likewise, the Ivory Priesthood shows its face in Egypt
occasionally, often in the form of a representative of King
Tariki on some mystical errand. It seems the Priesthood
and the Silent Striders share a common concern for the
strange condition of the Duat in recent months.

The Ahadi, while celebrated by many of the tribes, is
a cause for concern for the Fangs. After all, many of the

101


Sere re ee ree eerie arr omer ne a reanimremare ehh

Fera hold them responsible for starting (or at least allow-
ing) the War of Rage, and the charge isn't entirely false.
Whatever a Fang's personal feelings on the War, none of
them are too keen to take on an angry Mokolé. The
Changing Breeds of Egypt, however, do not always extend
their good will toward the kings of the Garou.

In addition to Casper and Kolya, two other Silver Fangs
are noteworthy among Egypt's Garou. Siham Colder-than-
Death, a Theurge and Ivory Priestess, looks after House
Wiseheart's interests in Egypt. Of late, she has begun to

express concern for the king's well-being and is considering |

sending a pack of Garou to find him. Meanwhile, a young
man who knows only that his name is Kasim wanders the
streets of Al Jizah, unable to remember his true name
Blinding-Claws, a Silver Fang Ahroun — since an encoun:
ter with a human spellcaster left him an amnesiac.

Kelga Blood of Iron

Position: Former Master of the Rite, Aral Sea Gdern
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Silver Fangs

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 15)

Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Expression 5, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4,
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 3, Eti
Leadership 4, Melee 4, Performance
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Medicine 1, Occul
Rituals 5 f
Backgrounds: Ancestors 4, Kinfolk 1, Pute Breed 5
Gifts: (1) Call of the Wyld, Eye of the Falcon, Falcon's Grasp,

Falcon, Tongues, Wrath of Gaia; (4) Ignore Death Blow,
Mindblock, Shadows by the Firelight; (5) Paws ofthe Newborn.
Cub; (6) Renew the Cycle
Rank: 6
Rage: 6; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 8
Rites: Anyandall ritesin WerewolfRevised and the Werewolf
Player's Guide, plus several that are known only to the Silver
Fangs—Kolya is one of the greatest ritemasters of all time! In
addition, he knows the Silver Record from memory.
Fetishes: Balm of Restful Sleep (Level 1, Gnosis 4): In a
testament to how driven and skilled he really is, Kolya
created this fetish after sustaining his apparently incurable
wound. The balm allows him to remain in Glabro form even
ashe sleeps; without it, he would surely slip into Homid form
and die from his injury.

Image: In Homid form, Kolya is a tall, strong, Russian
man in his early 50s. Years of fighting well (read: intelli-

102

———

a 77 el

Mines of Bice, Mindireak, ‘cdi, Staue! Wieres. 2) Mi friend Casper found him, and spirited him away, first to

Empathy, Reason, Word of Honor; (3) Song of Rage, Talons of |

gently) have kept him remarkably healthy; amazingly, he
has not one Battle Scar! In his wolf forms, his fur is a
shimmering, luminous silver-white. Currently, he wears
Glabro form full-time.

Roleplaying Notes: Why Gaia chose to spare you
during the battle, you do not know. You always knew your
death would come in battle, but somehow, over the years,
you simply avoided it. Now, you are laid low, and only your
desire to die as a martyr (or at least a hero!) rather than in

| some ignominious bed in Egypt keeps you alive. You are
aware that if you can rise like the Phoenix from this
| apparently fatal setback, youcan inspire your tribe —and all
) Garou! — to take arms and fight with renewed vigor. You
only hope yoy live long enough to see the outcome.

Born in St. Petersburg in 1949, Kolya was
family that made a great show of their loyalty to
eath it all, however, they told their
ow much nobler the country was under
much better it would be if they returned.

m away, Kolya found his very real link to the Tsars,
gmuch to the dismay of the secret police.

took him away and made arrange-

safe. Kolya, meanwhile, hated

parents and immersed himself in the

¢ past. His Garou name came when his mentor,

ing to find the Cliath still poring over the

ally, it is this same determination that is saving
death now. After the battle at the Aral Sea,

Dancer's Baneklaive, he lay in the snow for nearly eight
phours, knowing that sleep meant death. Finally, his young

Europe, then to Egypt. Now, the fallen hero waits forone last
chance at glory before passing on.

‘i

| The great lion asks
But his questions fall upon
Deaf ears and sand. Why?
—Gabriel Shining-Gold, Galliard of the Klaital Puk
The recent split from the Garou nation has had a very
unfortunate and unexpected result for the Stargazers. They
have apparently lost the support of one of their favored
totems, the enigmatic Sphinx. Ever since their departure,
Sphinx has grown more difficult to summon and even more
cryptic than usual (if that is possible). Stargazers are discov-
ering that his riddles often have no answer, or answers that
are so esoteric and obtuse that even the most enlightened of
the tribe cannot guess them. This, of course, is crippling to
any Stargazer who fails to guess a riddle, as they quickly

Rage Across Egypt

ae


INN eee

obsess upon finding the answer and refuse to admit
that, perhaps, the only solution is to give up.

No one land ever held a great number of Star-
gazers until the recent defection. Now, with the tribe
largely collected in the Beast Courts to the east,
Egypt has its fair share of Stargazers questing for
Sphinx's agenda... or forgiveness.

The way is not easy, of course. Language and
religious barriers, as well as native supernatural beings,
bar the Stargazers' path. In Egypt, where the Sphinx
should be easiest to contact, he is still elusive, often
dropping hints and leading would-be petitioners into
encounters with dangerous enemies or infuriating
Bubasti. The riddles continue, and the tribe, usually so
quick to recognize puzzles as paths to enlightenment,
is beginning to wish the totem would get straight to
the point for a change. This doesn't seem likely,
however.

Reactions to Stargazer visitors are mixed. Opin-
ions on them vary, but many Garou view them as
deserters. While the Ahadi is reminiscent of the
Beast Courts to a point, it lacks the formality and the
tradition of the hengeyokai's practices, and the Star-
cousins from the East. Sadly, even these werewolves

Among the country's few Sta are Gabriel
Shining-Gold, a Galliard poet and seeker; Kemal

remain ignorant as to the meaning of the Sphinx's
most recent, most maddening riddle.

guzers feel anything but at home along the Nile.
However, some members of the tribe are native to
Egypt and the Middle East, and do try to aid their
Endless-Road, a Philodox who believes that an
anchorhead to an unspoiled, pristine Realm lies
somewhere in the desert; and Nita Sirocco, an Ahroun
who follows the destructive sandstorm as her totem.

Cabohel Stolag- olf

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Stargazers

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/
6), Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Expression (poetry) 4, Primal-Urge 1,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 2, Firearms 1, Kailindo 2,
Performance 3, Stealth 2, Survival 1

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 1,
Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Pure Breed 4


nmemunaerarenmnenarecieie en

Gifts: (1) Balance, Mindspeak, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm;
(2) Surface Attunement

Rank: 2

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 2; Willpower: 6

Rites: Spirit Awakening, Summoning, Talisman Dedication
Fetishes: Spirit Stones (Level 1, Gnosis 5): Three small
stones in a leather pouch. Successful activation grants the
user the Gift: Spirit Speech for one scene.

Image: Gabriel is light-skinned and has chestnut hair,
but Arabic features. He typically wears blue jeans and loose-
fitting shirts, and always has a scarf or sash to wrap around
his face for desert journeys.

Roleplaying Notes: You are young, cocky, and happy
to have made it this far without a pack. Someday you intend
to visit the Beast Courts, but first you want to find out what's
happening with the Sphinx. You're no Theurge, but you
know that longtime allies don't just aband i
cants without due cause. If the Stargazer
Sphinx, then damn it, they deserve
History: Born to Kinfolk pare
one Saudi — Gabriel grew up on a military
birthday, a strange, song-like howl from the hed
him, and before he knew it, he was runnii
four legs. He still stays in contac)
lettersand email,
long, which is part of
He is discovering how dangerous Egypt can be, however,
and is considering trying to round up other lone Garou/an
inspire them to join him on his quest — no easy feat
the popular attitude towards his tribe.

kena

"Younger brother does not agree with those of us wh
abroad and breed with new people. He does not see offf pur:
of history and culture in other lands as worthwhiley He
when we discover new Banes to fight, new treasures rr) stud:
magics to work.

"He also wonders why the Wyrmcomers are si
disinterested in our people's woes."

—Henry Shines-on-Secrets, Uktena Theurge, defend-
ing his travels at a moot

The Uktena have some native Egyptian members to
their name, the products of breeding among the Bedouin and
desert people. However, their numbers are easily the smallest
of any tribe in Egypt, other than their Wendigo cousins.

To be sure, though, Egypt has much to offer the curious
Uktena. From the time that Striders began their campaign
to find support by leaking news of fetishes beneath the sands,
the Uktena responded. Often, an Uktena (or an Uktena
pack) will venture into Egypt only long enough to complete
a quest for some sacred relic, and then return home. While
there, however, they would sometimes breed with the na-
tive peoples, and over time, a small band of Kinfolk appeared
among the desert folk.

104

a ——

a S77 el

Rage Across Egypt

Today, the Uktena sometimes ally with the Silent Strid-
ers and Children of Gaia in battling vampires and liberating
fetishes, but with varying motives. Some are motivated by
concern and sympathy for the Striders. Some few have heard
of and wish to learn the Rite of the Sacred Gift. And the
Banetenders feel that if great evil truly does rest beneath the
sands, their camp should be the ones watching over it (a point
that the Striders are by no means prepared to argue).

By far the most visible member of the tribe in Egypt is
Henry Shines-on-Secrets, an explorer and archaeologist.
He is well known to the Garou of the Healing Dawn caern,
and frequently sits at Jesal Voice-of-the-Sands' knee to hear
her stories. He is not a permanent resident of Egypt, but he
recruit American packs for short ventures, as he

in with a pack himself.
important Uktena include Biting-Storm, a lu-
un of with unquenchable Rage; Jumanah

eption 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
rtness 2, Athletics 4 (climbing), Brawl 2,

* Animal Ken 2, Crafts 3, Drive 3, Firearms 2,
Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Archaeology 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3,
Law 1, Linguistics 4 (smattering of different languages),
Medicine 2, Occult 4, Rituals 2, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Henry has friends everywhere),
Ancestors 2, Contacts 5 (and he seems to know everybody),
Resources 3 (various grants from universities, plus his salary
as a professor)

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Mother's Touch, Sense Magic, Sense
Wyrm, Shroud, Smell of Man, Spirit Speech; (2) Coils of
the Serpent, Messenger's Fortitude, Spirit of the Bird (3)
Reshape Object, Secrets

Rank: 3

Rage: 2; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 6

Rites: (Accord) Cleansing; (Caer) Opened Caer; (Mystic)
Questing Stone, Spirit Awakening, Summoning

Fetishes: Henry is typically found carrying at least one
fetish, but rarely keeps them around. He claims that having
fetishes distorts his ability to hunt down new ones, and
finding them is important thing for him.

ee


Chapter Three: Wolves of the Desert 105
I SN

INN ee

Image: Henry is a light-skinned Native American in _caused a cave in. Finding his friend trapped behind a rock,
his mid-30s (though he looks young He is slender and Henrypushed, desperately trying tofree him, until suddenly the
trim, and crackles with enexy nea rock slid aside easily. His friend fainted at the sight of him, but
Henry, now in Crinos form for the first time, dug his way out.

Being Garou did not stop Henry from attending college
and obtaining degrees in Archaeology and Folklore. His
Ph.D. is pending at the moment (he ook too much time
doing fieldwork to finish it, butep

his: ore than males up for it. At

gypt is his land of focus, and he plans to find
@ willing pack and go searching the desert near Luxor to
discover the truth of the rumors surrounding the region.

Werdgo
"Accept my apologies and my pity, cousin, but not my aid.
performing rites and a i We are needed in our own lands."
you'll be doing it for a long — Nawautin, Wendigo Galliard
History: Henry was bom in Michigan anddave headlong Atpresent, there are no Wendigo in Egypt. While it is
into history and mythology as soon as he was old enough to conceivable that one might venture to Khem, perhaps as a

understand the stories. While searching through the Mam- member ofa pack assisting Henry Shines-on-Secrets, it isn't
moth Caves in Kentucky with a friend, a sudden rockslide —_ very likely.

green eoergplameerogpfi


The land of Khem is rife with plots and counter-
plots, and a Storyteller can extrapolate an entire
chronicle from the information presented in this book.
This chapter contains information for the Storyteller's
eyes only, clarifications on the plans and motives of
some of the important Storyteller characters from
Chapter Three, and descriptions (and game mechan-
ics) for Set's Curse and the Rite of the Sacred Gift.

Eb pod foe Seenet

Many of Egypt's Garou are acting in what they feel
are the best interests of their country and Gaia. Some
of these Garou have admirable goals: Gabriel Shining-
Gold's quest for the Sphinx and Buries-the-Dead's war
on the vampires, for example. Others have goals that
are perhaps acceptable, but the means used to reach
them perverts their ends (Meat-Pudding's "crusade" to
strengthen the Garou enough to oppose the vampires
ona large scale might be more palatable were he not
using human beings as his new source of protein). And
then, some of the machinations of the Garou are
hidden to all but a select few..

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

The Capert of the Deas

This repulsive society of cannibals within the
Silent Striders discovered long ago that by consuming
recently-dead brains, they could gain the knowledge
within. Only a few short years ago, an unnamed Eater
theorized that somewhere, a vampire's brain might
hold a clue to ending Set's Curse. So, a tacit hunt

began among the society to find a vampire of sufficient
age and of Egyptian descent.

In December of 1999, they found her.

She was skulking through the streets of Mexico
City, calling herself Consuela. Unlike many Leeches
of her age and power, she did not involve herself in
grandiose schemes and manipulations. Perhaps she
only wanted tobe left alone. The Eaters of the Dead did
not ask, but ambushed her, tore her unliving flesh, and
subdued her. They then tore her skull opened to feast
upon her brains. That privilege went to Kameel
Thoughtrunner, an Athro Theurge who had con-
sumed vampire brains in the past and was accustomed
to the strange cravings and visions it brought.

fe

mn eI SAD

The sheer amount of knowledge in her head sur-
prised even him. "Consuela," known in life as Kiya, had
only recently returned from her Egyptian homeland.
She had walked the earth for centuries, having become
avampire during the French invasion in 1798 under the

fangs of one of the invaders. Never caring much for the"

company of others, she had studied the long history of
her native land and how the vampires had infected it.
She managed to accrue quite a bit of knowledge over the
ensuing years, and her death provided the Eaters of the
Dead with enough information about the leeches of
Egypt to journey there and dodge the notice of the
resident vampires. However, the one piece of informa-
tion she carried that meant the most was a rumor, a bit
of oral lore passed down to her by one of the creatures
under whom she studied. That tidbit was the final line
of Set's Curse in the original tongue.

Using that fragment as a starting point, the
Theurges of the cult began to assemble a rite that
wouldal low Silent Striders to absorb Gnosis from their
id of knowledge. The only requirement
‘o have acertain degree of will,
"SSuieaees being was

Eaters' arsenal, some of them jeinained in Egypt,
nominally to battle vampires. More likely, they wished
to capture the Leeches for the knowledge in their
brains. In any case, the Eaters of the Dead recently
discovered the awful truth about the Bone Gnawers &
the Maneaters are slowly but steadily taking over the
tribe in Egypt. Rather than become outraged (after all,
it isn't as though the brain-eaters are squeamish), the
Silent Striders made them an offer. The two cults
would aid each other: the Bone Gnawers using their
superior knowledge of the streets to help find and
procure victims for the Eaters, and the Silent Striders
would help the Maneaters avoid investigation from
their tribe and from the Garou Nation as a whole.

The most disturbing thing about this partnership
is how well it is working. Over the last several months,
the cannibal Garou have been responsible for deaths of
werewolves, vampires, and even the occasional Ratkin.
If someone begins to investigate a disappearance, he
risks meeting a very gruesome fate... and of course, one
way or another, no body is ever found.

The Eaters of the Dead, it should be noted, do not
serve the Wyrm (at least they don't think they do).
Many of them are quite dedicated to stamping out the

108

nee" oa

Rage Across Egypt

a aiaaaaaai ia i

Wyrm's forces in Egypt and elsewhere, and feel that if
the Leeches have stolen their tribe's ability to regain
Gnosis, they are perfectly justified in stealing it back.
Unless the Eater of the Dead in question has fallen to
the Wyrm (see the Rite of Dormant Wisdom, below)
he will not normally perform that rite or the Rite of
Mocking the Serpent on a non-tainted Garou; many
refuse to do so on ordinary people, choosing those that
have "sinned against Gaia" instead. The Maneaters
and the Eaters of the Dead agree, however, that to
prevent the rest of the tribes from discovering too
much, drastic measures must sometimes be taken.

Goro

Cairo isa city at war. Itis, forthe most part, acold war
—the Garou have neither the numbers nor the leverage
to stage a full-scale assault on their enemies. However,
although the streets of Cairo do not erupt nightly in
bloodshed, the warrageson. The Garoustrike the Leeches
down when they find them, scattering their ashes to the
wind. The vampires, in turn, stage covert attacks on the
werewol¥es, seeking to drive them from the city. The
eo highly unequal factions.

ters dominate the tribe in

ile Father Last-

ibly wrong with

le, th atkin grow

more act ati, sattack

lone Garou. The Wyrm has influence here, far ‘beyond
what it exerts in the rest of Egypt.

Pitthence

Cairo has lost more people to plague and disease in
the last 1000 years than any European city. Banes of
sickness scurry about the Umbral streets, attaching
themselves to Gaian and Weaver-spirits and slowly
infecting them. Nearly three centuries ago, a Bubasti
called HarshGaze began to study the pattern of deaths
that the diseases left and was astonished to find that it
seemed to follow a cycle. HarshGaze studied this
phenomenon for most of his life, and when his time
came, his Kinfolk son swore to continue the study.

Over the next three hundred years, through inva-
sions, plagues, battles with Leeches, and other dangers,
HarshGaze's family line has kept careful track of dis-
ease outbreaks in Cairo. The most recent major out-
break, of course, was Jackal Fever (see sidebar). The
current investigator of disease is a tekhmet called
Sashet (see Appendix One for details on this young
Bastet). She has determined that disease and death
(and the Bane activity associated with both) do indeed
follow a rise-and-ebb pattern in Cairo. The pattern,
however, only repeats itself every 75 years or so. Jackal
Fever represents an apex in this pattern, and if the


pattern stays true, it should be followed by a number of
minor outbreaks within the next few years.

Sashet's family has also studied the lore surround-
ing diseases, of course, and one legend in particular. A
being called the "Maiden of Plagues" figures promi-
nently into a number of tales passed down by the
Bastet, and even appears in some Garou legends. What
exactly this "Maiden" might be — a spirit, a vampire,
or something even worse — is beyond the knowledge
or experience of the young Bastet.

The Maveapors

As Jackal Fever began its spread in Cairo, the Bone
Gnawers began their degradation here as well. While
violation of this tenet of the Litany is by no means an
exclusively Egyptian problem, nowhere in the world
do so many Garou in one city partake of human flesh.

Meat-Pudding, the metis Ahroun described in
Chapter Three, is the undisputed leader of Cairo's
Bone Gnawers. His decisions and rulings are often
carried out in other cities, as well, giving him more
power than he probably
his horrible eating habii
as he regains his stre
creatures of Cairo';

sewers. As proof, he points to the fact that several of his
tribemates have made scouting forays into the under-
ground and have returned with nary a scratch.

The other prominent Bone Gnawer in Cairo,
Father Last-Secret, is worthy of mention because he is
the only member of the tribe in Cairo who isn't a
Maneater (barring any character belonging toaplayer,
naturally). An Elder Theurge, Father Last-Secret is
frantically trying to find aid from someone who will
help him cure his tribemates without killing them out
of hand. He knows that punishment is in order, but
knowsalso that Jackal Fever played a significant role in
his tribe's corruption (having suffered the disease him-
self). He treads very lightly and avoids the sewers,
trying to find some way to cleanse the Bone Gnawers.
Of late, he has considered leaving the city and travel-
ing to Luxor to seek help from the Silver Fangs, or
Alexandria to ask aid from the Black Furies there. He
unfortunately does not know of the caern of Solace,
which is probably his best chance for success.

The Reals of Calvo

The Ratkin skulk through Cairo, simmering with
Rage as in other countries. Here, though, they have

Ren

Tatkal Fever

This disease began its spread in Cairo in mid-July
1998. Itstayed chiefly contained in the slums of Cairo
initially, but spread to other cities up and down the
Nile before slowing down late February 1999. Health
officials, including USAMRIID and the Center for
Disease Control, as well asthe World Health Organi-
zation, are researching the disease and have created a
possible vaccine. No true numbers are available for
how many victims the disease claimed, as many of the
sufferers were homeless and died without record.

The virus is carried and contracted by mammals.
Itcan be spread by transfer of bodily fluids (including
drinking from the same water source) and, more
commonly, by bite. Early symptoms include high
fever, sweating, blurred vision, and abdominal pains
(2 to3 daysafter infection). Asthe disease progresses,
the victim becomes short of breath and often suffers
delusions, commonly of being hunted or followed (1
week after infection). The aggression and craving for
meat leading many sufferers (of all species) to feaston
carrion that gives the disease its name also appears at
this stage (10 days after infection). Feeding on the
flesh of something already infected by the virus is
often fatal — if the victim gives in to his cravings, he
typically dies within a few days (about 2 weeks after
infection). Ifhe can resist and rest, he will eventually
recover from the disease. Assuming the victim stays
rested and well hydrated, and doesn't eat diseased
flesh, the disease takes approximately four weeks to
run its course. Hospital care, of course, would shorten
that time, butmany of the victims, as stated, received
no care whatsoever.

Shapeshifters are not immune to Jackal Fever,
not even Ratkin. However, while they suffer the
worst effects of the symptoms, they do so at an
accelerated rate. A werewolf infected with Jackal
Fever feels sick within hours, and by the end of the
second day is craving flesh. A Ratkin must resist
eating carrion within 12 hours of infection. In
either case, if the shapeshifter can stave off his
hunger until the disease runs its course (less than
a week), he will not suffer any long-term effects.
However, if the shapeshifter gives in and eats,
psychological damage almost always ensues. Garou
become addicted to human flesh, while Ratkin
suffer slightly more bizarre effects (see below).

Those infected by Jackal Fever exude a strange
aura and register very faintly to a Garou using the
Gift: Sense Wyrm. Jackal Fever is not a natural
disease, and its origins can be traced to the creature(s)
in Cairo's sewers (see Beneath the Dirty Streets).

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

|

Sere ere re ser arene arr cnr am rem anrremarench)

special reason to be angry. Their people suffered from
Jackal Fever as well, and the survivors have been...
changed. Many of them find themselves crawling from
the sewer in the dead of night, with no memory of what
business brought them there. Likewise, Gifts and rites
that involve disease work almost too well for Cairo's
Ratkin of late. Sometimes a wererat hears sounds or see
shadows caused b erwise unseen forces, butdoes not
the smallest noise sends a
Neither fleeing into the
disturbance tooth

that crosses their path.
builds, and they spen:
searching out freshlydead meat. The
avicious frenzy, during which the Ratkin attack anything
that ventures too near, feasting on the remains of the
intruder. The Ratkin are then granted a few weeks of
normalcy before the cycle begins again. During the height
of the madness, the Ratkin "lose time" and are unaware
of theiractions, except that they often awaken with blood
on their claws and lips. Entreaties to their totem are often
met by Bane attacks, but Ratkin of Cairo are aware that
something is pulling their collective string. While this
infuriates most of them, some raise the point that perhaps
Gaia is simply keeping them on task — they were, after
all, designed to cull the humans' numbers.

The Bone Gnawers are not affected by the cycle of
madness, but then, most of them seem to be afflicted by
the hunger at all times. They apparently know nothing
of the Ratkin's plight. It is significant to note, how-
ever, that no Maneater has been attacked by a Ratkin
in Cairo to date, and the two groups seem to avoid each
other instinctively. Untainted Garou, however, are
not so lucky. One werewolf, a survivor of a crazed
wererat attack, found himself unable to heal the wounds
they inflicted without help. It seems that whatever is
influencing the Ratkin grants some degree of favor.

BuriatHtho-Deag

The bloody-minded Ahroun Silent Strider, as
mentioned in the Chapter Three, has recently sent
word out across the world (often by making use of her

110

ee a gL AEDT EIT LD OD

Rage Across Egypt

ae ay

Harbinger tribemates) that she is planning an impor-
tant campaign in Egypt. Slowly but steadily, the Garou
trickle in. While Buries-the-Dead does not meet with
all of them personally, one way or another they find
their way to the Healing Dawn caern. There, Ahmed
Night-Sands, the Warder, tells them of Buries-the-
Dead's intention: to destroy the Leeches of Cairo.

To be sure, such a venture would be costly. The
Ahroun does not expect all that join her crusade to
survive. She does, however, believe that victory with
"acceptable" casualties is possible. Her plan involves
using any Garou who join to their fullest potential —
the street-savvy Bone Gnawers, the methodical Glass
Walkers, the swift Silent Striders — no gift (or Gift)
should be overlooked. She believes that by overcom-
ing tribal biases, the Garou can take the nights back
from Cairo's vampires.

That involves finding them, however. As stated,
Cairo's vampires are notoriously hard to track, and no
Garoucan understand why. One theory is that Set's Curse
protects his unholy spawn, but since all Garou (not just
Silent Striders) seem equally impeded by this obfuscation,
that explanation seems lacking. Another popular story is
that the vampires have ruled the cities forso long that they

re "in tune" with the city's spirit and it hides them. The
Glass Walkers and other urban Garou find this idea most
distasteful, and point outthat no interrogated vampire has
ever professed any understanding of the spiritual "truth" of
the world (as the Garou see it). The reason for the
vampires' stealth is described below, but Buries-the-Dead
is unaware of any situation in Cairo's sewers.

Throiigh, various intelligencessources, she has
learn@diof the highlyaggressive bel ofthe Ratkin
il@airo. Sh@alsiknows tha Wfath&Dead
operate (6#iKave operated in the past)" Cairo and
feels that, disgusting though they may be, they will not
impede her. She also feels that when the battle starts,
she can count on the Bone Gnawers for aid. In this last
assumption, she may well be horribly wrong.

Buries-the-Dead is looking for competent Garou,
preferably already joined asa pack. She feels that the best
strategy in fighting gills is to rely on a pack, but without
speaking, anda true pack can often do just that. While her
effortisn'tnearly as organized as that of Golgol Fangs-First
in the Amazon, she is rapidly becoming a "War Chief" of
sorts, and younger Garou of many tribes are looking to
her, especially those who have some grudge against
vampires. She gladly accepts volunteers, and cares little
for rank — in fact, she would prefer younger, more
creative werewolves to older warriors who are set in their
ways. Vampires, she says, thrive on predictability. The
best thing a vampire hunter can be is surprising.

|


Buries-the-Dead is not without her detractors, how-
ever. Leila the Veil-Shredder, although she rarely comes
to Cairo, has asked Buries-the-Dead to stave off her
campaign until the Glass Walker can accomplish "a very
important goal, important for your cause as well." Since
Leila won't divulge the nature of the goal, however (see
below), Buries-the-Dead is running out of patience. Any
Egyptian Glass Walkers who side with her, however, do
so against the wishes of the Veil-Shredder, which can be
a dangerous proposition. Likewise, Father Last-Secret,
the untainted Bone Gnawer striving to heal his tribe in
Cairo, is terrified of what might happen if Buries-the-
Dead begins her attack with the Bone Gnawers still
afflicted. He isn't sure that his tribemates would help, and
some days he wonders if the hunger might drive them to
attack the crusaders. However, he dares not interfere, for
he fears revealing the truth to Buries-the-Dead.

Exactly when the Ahroun will begin her attack is
undecided. She concedes that it will be soon, and it
will be marked by a great moot at the Healing Dawn
caern to ask the spirits of Khem for aid in the venture.
Buries-the-Dead herself plans to take on the most
dangerous part of the mission — invading the sewers
—with only a handful of qualified (and higher-ranked)
warriors. She has seen visions of her own death under
the fangs of a vampire (and that vampire's subsequent
destruction from her klaive) and does not wish to
doom too many of the young warriors in the process.

Zeneafth the Dirty Sveeht

The reason for the chaos in Cairo is beneath the
city streets. The sewers of Cairo host a number of
vampire parasites, not unlike most other large cities.
Many of Cairo's Ratkin also make their homes in the
underground (or at least find themselves visiting of-
ten), as do a strange cult of Freakfeet fomori. Some-
thing is down there with them all, however, acting as
a leader. No Garou has ever seen it; indeed, no Garou
could even confirm its existence if pressed. But even
the most depraved Maneater seems to understand that
beneath the streets, something is awake and hungry.

The exact nature of this threat is unknown. Many
Egyptian Garou, eager to pin any visible evil on vam-
pires, say that an ancient Leech rests in a deep pit,
bloated on the blood its followers bring. Others specu-
late that a monstrous Bane slithers through the tun-
nels, infecting and corrupting anything it contacts
with diseases of the body or mind.

Whatever the true nature of this being, it apparently
favors the vampires greatly. Many Garou have noticed
that Cairo's leeches are hard to track, to the point thatnot
even Gifts such as Sense of the Prey work reliably. The
truth is that the being beneath the city offers protection

aia re iemaa

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

NN ee

to the leeches — by entering the sewers, the vampire
"washes" himself of any tails, physical or supernatural.
Any Gifts previously used on the vampire are cancelled,
as are other forms of supernatural tracking.

The sewers are also mostly free from conflict:
Maneaters sometimes venture below to "test the wa-
ters", but none have been attacked. Other (that is,
untainted) Garou are not so lucky, and may find
themselves attacked by anything from the hideous
Freakfeet to crazed Ratkin if they brave the sewers. Few
do, however. While the Maneaters and the Eaters of
the Dead seem to understand that something unspeak-
able rests beneath Cairo, both groups have too many
secrets to keep to simply run off telling other Garou.

While the Eaters of the Dead and the Maneaters do
indeed work together in Cairo, Kameel Thoughtrunner
has lately begun to suggest that the alliance with the
Maneaters is ultimately unhealthy. He asserts that they
have come under the influence of the "Maiden of
Plagues," apparently some ancient disease-goddess (he
is unaware of the Bubasti Sashet and her research into
the matter, at present). As evidence, Kameel points out
that the strange, misshapen fomori that skulk beneath
the streets stay more or less to a circular territory as
though guarding something within. The "Maiden of
Plagues," suggests Kameel, is not necessarily a vampire,
but is the force behind the disease and the cannibalistic
madness that follows it. The other Eaters of the Dead
point out that the Maneaters do have an interest in the
sewers, and perhaps in the "Maiden of Plagues" (or
whatever squats under the city), but their interest lies in
destroying it. Besides, fomori and vampires are rarely
bedfellows. Kameel retorts that the knowledge im-
parted to him by Kiya/Consuela more than qualifies him
to make some assertions about Cairo's underbelly, but
for the moment, his tribe isn't listening.

The force beneath the sewers holds a measure of
influence over any current or former sufferer of Jackal
Fever, including the Maneaters and the Ratkin. It has
enemies of its own, and not just among the Garou, and
sometimes uses the Ratkin and the Maneaters to strike
at them. The Eaters of the Dead remain largely outside
of its knowledge, but if an Eater of the Dead were to
consume the brain of an infected Ratkin or Garou, it
could well claim the Silent Strider as well. A concerted
assault on Cairo's vampires, which is exactly what
Buries-the-Dead has in mind, might force it to tip its
hand and send the Maneaters and/or Ratkin to hinder
the Ahroun. Cairo is a powder keg, and the fuse rests
beneath the streets. A premature spark could set it off,
causing the cold war that Cairo has been until now to
suddenly erupt into violence. A young pack poking
around in the wrong place could well provide that spark.

111

mere

|

|

ee A"

The Vitl-Sbredder

Leila El-Sabeei, better known as the Veil-Shred-
der, has become the center of a whirlwind of rumor,
speculation, fear, and even hostility. While no one has
voiced their suspicions (yet), her carnal proclivities
and her almost exclusively nocturnal lifestyle, com-
bined with the fact that despite her claims to be metis,
she knows not one Gift commonly taught to the breed,
to say nothing of her almost supernatural charm all
point towards Leila being something far different than
she seems. In fact, some among the Garou suspect that
she is a servant of the Wyrm, perhaps a Black Spiral
Dancer. Some even fear that she is an Abomination, a
blasphemous union of werewolf and vampire.

These suspicions could not be more wrong.

It is true that Leila is not a metis. She was born the
child ofamale Glass Walker anda human mother, and
raised among Egypt's poor. She endured endless psy-
chological abuse from her mother, who viewed her as
achildofsin. She also grew up with asimmering hatred
for the way Muslim women are treated (as she sees it)
and the veil that they are forced to wear.

At age 13, her mother took her to a doctor to be
circumcised. The doctor's knife bit into her, and she
bit down on her own arm, refusing to scream. As the
pain intensified, her vision clouded and she saw the
room as a stinking abattoir, the floor crawling with
bloody scorpions. In that moment, she felt Rage wash
over her, and she changed for the first time. No one left
the building alive, not the doctor, not his waiting
patients, not even Leila's mother.

What exactly Leila did in the years between her
First Change and her ascendancy to the head of the
medical supplies company that currently employs her is
a mystery. She has confessed to spending some time in
Europe and the United States, but exactly how she
attained her position remains unclear. Those unfortu-
nate enough to have earned her ire, however, acknowl-
edge that she has a true gift for blackmail, and collects
favors like a demon. Her employer's board of directors
has fielded many questions about Leila, but they always
give vague answers about her being a "vital asset" to the
company and dodge the issue. Leila clearly holds some-
thing over them, individually or collectively, but ex-
actly what is unknown. The truth behind her allergy to
sunlight, whether real ora red herring to draw attention
from her true goals, is likewise a mystery.

Regardless, Leila is a woman of great power and
drive. Her energy and passion are focused clearly on one
goal, and it is this end that drives her to make repeated
attempts to meet with Kolya Blood-of-Iron and to visit
the Healing Dawn caer. This goal also drove her to
learn as much about the rituals of the Garou as possible,

112

a,


and to use her company's funds to purchase a parcel of
land that is totally unsuitable for building. Leila wants
tocreate anew caern in Alexandria, a caern of Wisdom.
Leila was not always so focused. In fact, after her
First Change, a Glass Walker discovered her and
spirited her out of Egypt into Greece. There, she grew
up with her tribe, traveling with a pack and often
acting as a spy or scribe. At age 18, she visited the
Greek island caern of Miria, controlled by the Black
Furies. The caern amazed her. She had visited caérns
before, of course, but nothing as beautiful as
While there, her troubled mind felt calmed, a
begged the Black Furies to teach her how to oper
own caern. For the most part, they chuckled at th
that wanted to learn such a powerful rite, but they did,
acknowledge that it was possible for Garou to
caerns. They also explained why it wasn't done!
often — the Rite of Caern Building was quite likel
kill the ritemistress, and usually attracted Bal
other Wyrm-creatures to boot. Leila left the isla
with a goal — to open a caern in her native coul
While her goal is noble, her motives are perhaps ine
as pure as they could be. Leila had little
of Muslim culture when she left Egypt, 4
mother twisted what knowledge she di
childhood was a constant barrage of insults
mands, and in her hears of hearts, ty wave!

she sees as a : horribly cheaviniitc ai
Furies on Miria (and Jesal Voice-@fthe Sar
tried to curb this somewhat, but Leila's true
for building a caern has more to do with her o
for self-worth and control than for serving Gai
At present, all that stands bes Me
goal is the Rite of Caern Buildin
two Garou in the country that kno
Voice-of-the-Sands. Jesal and Leila g
wrong foot when they met; Jesal's reli
clashed with Leila's burning hatred for,

but his friend and guard Casper'
allow him to take any visitors atall"

If Leila ever does manage to learn the rite, she
plans to choose her moment carefully. She realizes that
the Rite of Caer Building inevitably draws attention
from minions of the Wyrm, and that using the rite in
acity isa very dangerous proposition. To that end, she
is considering some massive distraction on the night of
the ritual — perhaps even some damage to the Aswan
High Dam, which would create massive flooding all

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

SS nN

RNA =m

along the Nile. In any event, she will certainly as-
semble as many Garouas possible to act as guards. This
is her dream and her ultimate goal, and she will be
damned before leaving anything to chance.

While Leila keeps much of her time and energy
focused on learning the Rite of Caern Building, she finds
time forother pursuits. Asmentioned in Chapter Three,
she has a legendary sexual appetite, and the status of
"Leila's libido" has been jestingly tied to the moon

as the new moon grows near, she becomes less

ible and more distracted. She rarely seduces aman

put evoking Animal Attraction in him; she finds it

asier to dominate men when their every thought

ed on her. She does occasionally meet men who

9 chauvinistic and pig-headed that they attempt to

linate or hurt her. Whether these men are in some

imply lashing out against a woman

ng, Leila does not care. Men who
he light of day again.

Abad

-the death of Black Tooth, the mad Simba king,
Africa formed a pact called the
ile Africa's Changing Breeds never suffered

e War of Rage as much as those of other lands, a
amount of mistrust was always present between

rou and the other shapeshifters. Now, however, a
dshiave learned to coexist in harmony, and

e courage to ask aid of each other.

of the Changing Breeds still surviving have
— and possibly in Egypt — save one.

tht do notoften venture beyond their own lands,
ding a werebear in Egypt would be strange indeed.
iny other Fera make their homes here, however.
di has affected all of them in different ways.
asti and the Mokolé are described in Appen-
the rest of the shapeshifters are discussed
er each section, the Storyteller is given some
how best to use the shapeshifter in an
/hether as a player character or Story-
A word of warning: the Fera each have

" que outlooks on the world, each other,

and (especially) the Garou. The Ahadi makes interac-
tion in Egypt possible, but certainly not necessary. Use
the other Changing Breeds with caution and respect,
and not as a way to make your players slap their
foreheads and mutter "Oh, God, s/he's an Ananasi."

Ada

Thewerehyenas have much toavenge. Theirpeople
were slaughtered and scattered to the four winds by

113

ffir nnn ence eeRasahaaiNnSiaE

came a IAA

Black Tooth and his Endless Storm, and many Ajaba
hate the Bastet (and the werelions in particular) with a
frightening passion. Now that Black Tooth is dead and
the Endless Storm dispersed, the Ajaba are creeping
back to their tribal lands, trying to regroup and rebuild.
The densely populated Egyptian cities make for good
meeting places for the few living "choosers of the slain."
Despite the Ajaba's intense (and well-deserved)
grudges, it was the Ajaba queen Kisasi who began
engineering the various alliances that eventually led
to the Ahadi. Kisasi went first to the Mokolé, then
later to the Swara, Bagheera and even afew Simba who
despised Black Tooth nearly as much as she did. She
was also the one to suggest bringing the Garou —
warriors with a stained past, but Gaia's finest warriors
nonetheless — into the fight against Black Tooth.
Now that the despotic Simba king has been over-
thrown, Kisasi finds herself in an unusual position. She
is one of the figureheads of the Ahadi, a living symbol
of the wronged Fera who have set aside their grudges to
cooperate as Gaia originally intended. But in this role,
she is also resented by many of her kin, who believe
that many more Simba deserve to die before the scales
are even, Several Ajaba living abroad have come
home to Africa upon news of Black Tooth's death,
only to find to their disgust that one of their own now
sits among other Bastet as if nothing happened. Feel-
ing further betrayed, many of these malcontents make
their way to Egypt, where they are a wild card waiting
to fall one way or another.
Storyteller Notes: If a Garou were to encounter
an Ajaba, he might expect to hear horror stories about
the slaughter of the werehyenas by the Simba and long
diatribes about how the cats are not to be trusted. An
Ajaba Contact might be an excellent way to put the
War of Rage in perspective for the Garou. A werewolf
who feels angry with the Bastet for their treatment of
the Ajaba had best be prepared for accusations of
hypocrisy if i

creature beheath'the city, the Ananasi remain true to

114

————_—

Rage Across Egypt

their purpose. They watch, plan, and strike in accor-
dance with their Queen's wish. Their Queen has thus
far been silent on what her children should do when
the Garou finally begin their assault on Cairo's vam-
pires, and the Ananasi's individual views vary. Some
favor helping the Garou covertly, some would rather
see the vampires repel the Garou, and some assert that
the best course of action is to let both sides destroy each
other and pick up the pieces afterwards.

In any event, the Ahadi is interesting to the spider
folk, but by and large, they hold no illusions about the
way the Ovid see them. Revealing oneself to another
shapeshifter, especially a werewolf can be inconve-
nient at best and fatal at worst, and the werespiders
don't like unnecessary risks.

Storyteller Notes: Itisconceivable thatan Ananasi,
controlled either by a player or the Storyteller, would
make overtures of peace to a pack of Garou "in the
interest of unity among the Breeds," probably citing the
Ahadi. The werespider's reasons for doing so could be
anything from genuine desire to learn about and aid the
Garou to wishing to use them to further the Ananasi's
own ends. This plot device would work especially well
on a young, well-meaning Garou who wishes to atone
for the War of Rage somehow (such as Heckles-the-
Wyrm in Chapter Three).

Zattof

The Bubasti are
Bastet in Egypt, and

t populous tribe of
ssed in more detail

least one panther goddess, as x ecittcrieal in Chapter
One. Any werepanther in Egypt probably has a specific
reason to be there, rather than a general curiosity
about the land.

Finally, the Swara may have one or two members
in Egypt. As the only Bastet able to enter the Umbra
with any degree of ease, the werecheetahs are Folk
most likely to investigate the strange phenomena in
Egypt's spirit world (see below).

aaa eames


Storyteller Notes: A loose pride of Bastet could
certainly act as characters for players, or as foils for a
pa of Garou. Likewise, the Ahadi makes eoopera-

_ <a: — cats ‘and

stet seem promiscuous
ingly vague (they
thick cultural refer-
erred unless the listener
Likewise, to the Bastet,
ish, shortetempered, and blood-
involving both Breeds should be
| possibly very fulfilling.

ences that no mea
takes everything i
the Garou seen

Garou, and in fact still aid them occasionally in other
parts of the world. Still, the Ahadi made headlines
with the wereravens, so to speak. Walks-With-Might,
the Silent Strider who helped found the Ahadi, is
never without a Corax "escort," whether he knows it
or not. Other Corax fly throughout Africa, looking for
hard evidence of different shapeshifters working to-
gether, so as to spread hope to other countries (and to
try to get the rest of the world to follow suit).

One thing that no one (not even Buries-the-Dead,
surprisingly) has clued in to yet is that the wereravens
commonly know a rite that creates sunlight. If Buries-
the-Dead ever discovers this, she will assuredly begin
soliciting help from any Corax she can find. Assuming
she can get some of them to help her, she might just have
the secret weapon she needs to bring the Leeches down.
Storyteller Notes: The wereravens don't hold the
same grudge against the Garou that most other Fera do,
so a Corax in an otherwise all-Garou pack isn't totally
out of the question. However, Corax hold no illusions as
to their abilities in combat (minimal). It's entirely
possible thapg@i@otax would simply follow a pack with-
and occa-
the eyes of

é their lives)» The pack
ait a bigtaven watch-

f the world's 100
et, sometimes a
ey, Explosives deto-
Maturely, guns refuse to, work, andiso forth.
idly pranksters are es. if not forilong,
and Egypt is no exception. In partiéular, the Breed

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

the Garou (and) ind
believe. Egyppwasa s L
War of Ra never reached

s it did in

Europe ai ‘Americas, the survived.
Howevet, neither this hidden, th nor the
Ahadimake them any more willit reveal them-
selves to the other shapeshi i

watch aftd they judge,
right. Cairo, in partic
and some of Meat-Pé § tainted tribemates in
et their "judgment."
Even so, the N:
targets that th
theiracts witl
notice a gr i
criminal like ¥

would not be punished for
gah involvement. Ifthe Nagah

let the werewolves
Though it

even go so far as tc

the hunters...

res| the Silent Striders for knowing when to get
out instead of fighting a losing battle and falling as the
White Howlers did, and they are glad to see the
Egyptian Garou making any kind of progress.

The Ahadi at first made them laugh, for any
Nuwisha who heard about it simply assumed that
another was behind it. Further investigation revealed
that no, this pact really was made by the Garou, the
Bastet, and the Mokolé, and it seemed to be working.
The werecoyopey don't know whether to laugh or

are often capable of
another, and they are
to the challenge
Using story, have
a, perhaps even a
s works especially

tagonists eet =e
sete) that most Rai

iat sna reeenaiceemieeetninieannaiaaseaes

WIS a

them into a trap). Mixing Ratkin and Garou charac-
ters is not recommended; too much bad blood still
exists between the breeds.

Rokea

The weresharks occasionally do go ashore; some of
them even decide to live on land. Since Rokea are born
exclusively of shark stock, they typically know nothing
about surface life. Thus, religious and cultural prac-
tices seem very alien to them. Customs suchas "prayer"
and "fasting" confuse them (a being willingly going
without food? Ridiculous!) and they are quick to
dismiss such behaviors a @fid irrelevant.

Any wereshark in is likely to be found along

out the battle with the
vampires, or the land's history, or the Ahadi.

Storyteller Notes: Rokea don't have the same his-
tory with the Garou that most of the other Breeds do, but
when they do meet, the results are usually still bloody.
Mixed groups of Garou and Rokea are strongly discour-
aged; the Breeds are simply too alien to each other for
cooperation to be truly feasible. However, a pack of
Garou stumbling across a slew of Rokea hunting down a
betweener might make for an interesting story, especially
if the Garou are not native. Remember that Cairo is a
powerkeg waiting foraspark? A battle between werewolves
and weresharks might well provokea strong reaction from
the city's other supernatural inhabitants.

The Umbra

As mentioned, the spirit lands of Egypt are unpre-
dictable and strange. Foreign Garou are often caught
unawares by the Umbral deserts, and even natives
know enough about the spirit realms to expect the
unexpected.

The Cobapee

Following the Week of the Midnight Sun (see
Chapter One), the mages of Egypt panicked. What-
ever the truth of Sakhmet's goals, the bloody swath
that she cut through ancient Egypt frightened the
willworkers and some of them set about trying to make
sure such a slaughter was never repeated. Recognizing
that the lion-goddess had received much of her power
from the sun, and that she was as much spirit as flesh,
the mages began trying to bind the spiritual aspects of
the moon and sun to the spirit world. In a time before
the Gauntlet was strong, they were trying, for all
intents and purposes, to raise it.

116

hh _—_——

Rage Across Egypt

It didn't work, not the way they'd planned. The
Umbral sky loosed fire upon them whenever they
entered the Shadow and tried to work their spells.
Watchful Garou and Bastet also opposed their at-
tempts, and for years one spell after another went half-
completed in the spirit realms. Slowly but surely, the
spirit world began to change.

Whereas before the sun only lit the Umbra with
soft, ambient light — rarely actually rising, and cer-
tainly not in time with the Realm's cycle — now it
began to follow the same pattern as the physical world.
The mages' attempts to codify the Umbra were suc-
ceeding, in a strange sort of way. The cycle of day and
night, unknown in the Umbra, was slowly beginning.
Naturally, the Garou found this unacceptable.

The Silent Striders, together with the precursors
to the Ivory Priesthood and the fierce Red Talons
stormed the chantrie thémost peupleramis mages.
As their homes x
blood, the sorcere

oa a suddenly,
fnoon shone i in the Unibral sky,

ficant celestial yents

But the damage was far from over. The aftereffects
of the collapse were far-reaching indeed, and continue
to this day.

The Sprit Deterf

A Garou (or indeed any shapeshifter) stepping
sideways in Egypt might witness a number of odd
occurrences. Below are some of the more common
ways that the Umbral desert plays tricks on visitors.

Sing Sande

The sandsare not constant. The dunes roil and move
like ocean waves, rising and falling to some nameless
thythm. This makes navigating the dunes nearly impos-
sible without some means of staying on course, suchas the
Rite of the Questing Stone or the Gift: Umbral Tether.
Add 2 to all difficulties relating to staying on course or
finding one's way in the Umbral desert.

Also, the sand's sudden movement can be danger-
ous. If the Garou is standing on adune that, for whatever
reason, sinks, shifts, or rolls, have the player roll Dexter-
ity + Athletics (difficulty 6). If the roll fails, the charac-

a yy


ter goes sprawling. If the player botches the roll, the
character is under the dune and begins to suffocate.

pee

While the sun no longer rises in the Umbra, the
moon sometimes hides herself. Occasionally, the spirit-
moon disappears completely, leaving the Umbra pitch
black. Characters without a light source are unable to
see and must navigate with other senses or step back into
the physical world. Even with a light source, staying in
the Umbra during such an eclipse is dangerous; Soul-
Drinker Banes and other unpleasant spirits can see light
miles away and usually assume it means food.

Note that while Garou who have seen this phe-,
nomenon refer to it as an "eclipse," there is no ev
dence that another body blocks the moon. She see!

glimmer of light. Thus far, these "blackouts" seem to
have no pattern to their appearance.

Dark Pafle

afterlife. The lands of the dea
"Duat" in Egypt and the "Shad
are closer to the Umbra that th

: e

halls of ihe Duat after ie awrong step pingne Umbra.
Whatever the state of the Egyptian Shaddwlands in
years past, it is now a desolate and dangeros place.
Storms whip through the arm carrying hi

selves can injure Garou (in game terms)
Egypt's Dark Umbra receives 2 to 8 dic
tum without proper shelter, which is'
indeed. This damage is consideréd lethal, |
soaked normally). The underworld is a highh
place, and few Garou would enter it willingly.
Willingly or no, however, Umbral travelers in the
desert sometimes find the sands around them growing
darker and roiling more noticeably. As they walk, the
screams of the damned begin to echo across the desert.
Ifthe character is native or has any reason to know about
the underworld (most Silent Striders do, for example)
allow the player to roll Intelligence + Enigmas (diffi-
culty 9). If the roll succeeds, the Garou realizes that she
has stumbled down a path to the lands of the dead.
To return without incident, the Garou must exert
her own spiritual might (the player spends a point of
Gnosis) and attempt to re-enter the "normal" Umbra.
The player rolls Gnosis as if stepping sideways. The
difficulty is equal to the local Shroud (the Gauntlet
separating the Duat from the living world; typically

"aaa ce li

to simply disappear from the sky, without so much asa

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

Se

lower in areas touched by death: cemeteries, haunts,
morgués, etc., butnever very high in the desert). If the
player succeeds, the Garou re-enters the Umbra. If not,
the Garou is trapped in the Duat until she can escape.
Escape from the Duat might be as simple as waiting and
trying again, or the Garou might find herself unable to
leave until she finds a special gateway back, perhaps
leading into a story similar to Khepri's experience (see
the Legends of the Garou) in the lands of the dead. In
any event, the Storyteller has full control over when a
Garou might accidentally begin the walk to the Duat.

Sptohe Mabe Piih

Most spirits can Materialize, but are limited by their
Gnosis score versus the local Gauntlet. This doesn't
em to be the case in Egypt. Here, Jann scurry down city
eets during the day, while at night, Soul-Drinkers
fortably wriggle into the material world as a snake
ds its skin. Some Theurges consider this anomaly to
‘one more effect of the Collapse, while others feel that

¢ ancient land simply breeds spirits who are mighty
enough to overcome the Gauntlet more easily.
tever the metaphysical truth behind it, the
assume that any spirit can Materialize

ence between its Gnosis and the
: tspir only Materialize when it suits

them, of course, and some spirits are limited in other ways
(Soul-Drinkers only Materialize at night, for example).

tains full descriptions and game
ites which are uncommon or
as well as how Set's Curse

1 Eaters of the Dead use to absorb
knowledge from their victims; the Rite of Mocking the
Serpent, which they use to absorb Gnosis instead of
wisdom; and the Rite of Sacred Gift, a rite developed by
the Children of Gaia to aid their Silent Strider brethren.

Tle Rite of Dormant Witwlow

Level Four Mystic Rite

Only the Eaters of the Dead ever learn this rite,
and only they would ever practice it. This loathsome
ritual allows the user to steal knowledge from the dead
(or still-living) brain of an individual. The target can
be long dead, so long as the brain isn't fully decom-
posed. The ritemaster and his aides, if any, perform a
brief ceremony around the corpse, and then the
ritemaster tears open the skull and devours the brain.
The wisdom thus gained is conferred upon the de-

117

ee \s

|

a AA

vourer only, but the aides are on hand to inscribe any
ravings he might start spouting as memories from the
deceased take hold (which happens often).

Garou perform this rite at great risk to their souls.
If a character practices the Rite of Dormant Wisdom
(i.e., acts as ritemaster) more times than his permanent
Gnosis score, he becomes a servant of Foebok, the
Urge Wyrm of Fear. To all outside appearances, he
does not change, but he will begin acting in the
Wyrm's interest (and the Gift: Sense Wyrm will reveal
as much).

System: The ritemaster must roll Intelligence +
Rituals (difficulty 9). The number of successes indicates
how completely the memories are transferred (one suc-
cess might grant one useful bit of information or the
corpse's most recent memories, while five grants the
victim'slife in vivid detail). Botching this roll destroys the
ritemaster's mind, sending him into a Wyrm-frenzy from
which he never recovers (this is another reason that the
rite is never performed alone). No supernatural powers
can be learned by this rite (the character cannot absorb
the victim's Gifts, if he knew any) though rites can be.

This rite works on humans (including mages
and other "supernatural" humans) and vampires,

although the vampire must be immobilized before
the rite is performed. If the ritemaster spends a point
of permanent Gnosis, the rite can be used on a
Garou or other shapeshifter.

The Ripe of Mocking the Serpent

Level Three Mystic Rite

Though slightly easier to use than the Rite of Dor-
mant Wisdom, this rite is still only taught to Eaters of the
Dead, and typically only those who plan on traveling to
Egypt. The rite allows the practitioner to absorb Gnosis
from his victim's brain instead of knowledge.

This rite functions on any being with Gnos
shapeshifter, some Kinfolk, even some fomor
being with an understanding of magic or the super-
natural (mages, most vampires) or any sentient being
of especially strong will (anyone with a Willpower
score above 7), Eaters of the Dead prefer to use this rite
on tainted individuals such as Black Spiral Dancers
and, of course, vampires. When running low on Gnosis
in Egypt, however, more than one Brain Eater has
chosen to inflict the Delirium on a small group of
people and capture the one who seems to keep his head
the best. While the cult is loath to use the rite on
Garou, it does sometimes happen.


System: This rite is similar to the Rite of Dormant
Wisdom in execution. The ritemaster kills or immobi-
lizes his prey and consumes the brain. A Wits + Rituals
roll (difficulty 8) is required. The number of successes
equals the amount of Gnosis the Garou can absorb, up
to the victim's current Gnosis (if applicable) or Will-
power (if the victim has no Gnosis). While Mocking
the Serpent is "safer" to use than its parent rite, it still
carries risks. A Garou who uses this rite to regain
Gnosis a number of times equal to his own permanent
Gnosis consecutively without regaining Gnosis in
another way loses the ability to do so. Thereafter, the
Garou can only regain Gnosis by means of this rite.

The Rete of the Sacred tiff

Level Three Mystic Rite

Thisrite, known only to the Children of Gaia (and
Jesal Voice-of-the-Sands) was developed centuries
ago in an attempt to combat Set's Curse. It simply,
allows one werewolf to shunt his Gnosis into anéther.
In theory, this rite could be used to transfer'Gnosis to
or from Fera as well, but this has never béétvattempted
(at least not to the knowledge of anyone living).

The rite is simple enough to perform: the ritemaster
drinks from acup, lifts itup and uttersablessing, andthen,
whilestill holdingit, tilts itso that therecipient candrink.
If the cup leaves the ritemaster's handsatany time during
the rite, the ritual is disrupted and the Gnosis lost.

System: Whoever controls the ritemaster mustroll
Wits + Rituals (difficulty 7) and spend the Gnosis that
she wishes to grant the recipient. A boteh indicates that
the ritemaster has dropped the cupofwaterand tharany
Gnosis she spends is lost (and may well attract local
Soul-Drinkers). As long as the roll sueeeedspthe recipi-
ent absorbs the Gnosis and adds it to her pool.(to a
maximum of her permanent score, of course).

Jatt Corse

"By the names I have spoken, O Lupines, I curse you. I
place my mark upon you, that you shall be forever severed from
thy dead fathers and mothers. I damn you with my touch, that
never again shall you rest in the lands of thy people. May the
names of your ancestors be forgotten, and may their ghosts fade
from hunger in the Duat. As I was cast out, so then shall you
be exiled, voiceless and lost forevermore."

— Set's Curse on the Silent Striders

This mighty curse has prevented the Silent Striders
from reclaiming their homeland for millennia. The
tribe has tried for centuries to break the curse, and
attitudes within the tribe range from rage to hope to
bitteracceptance. The curse prevents them from resting
in their homeland — this seemingly simple curse mani-
fests ina number of unpleasant ways. The Silent Striders

SS

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

Nn ee

experience horrible nightmares while sleeping in Khem;
the only place this is lifted is at the caern of Solace, and
even then their dreams aren't pleasant. Striders often
awaken fearful and drained from sleep, and even resting
without sleeping usually leaves them edgy.

In game terms, the curse primarily affects the Strid-
ers' ability to regain Gnosis. No Silent Strider may regain
Gnosis by meditation or the Sacred Hunt while in Egypt.
Likewise, even if a Strider finds a spirit sympathetic
enough to bestow him with Gnosis, the mystical energy
slips away during the transition (spirits seem to under-
stand this and typically refuse to grantany Garou Gnosis
in Egypt). The only two methods for a Silent Strider to
regain Gnosis while in Egyptare the Rites of Mocking the
Serpent and the Sacred Gift, described above.

Also, the curse prevents the Striders' ancestors
from aiding them. Exactly what happens to the ances-
tor-spirits of the tribe that they cannot return to aid
their descendants is unknown, but contemplating it
brings a cold'shudder to the Striders. In recent years,
tumors have surfaced of young Striders who have been
contacted by their ancestors, but older Striders regard
this as faney or possible trickery by the Wyrm.

The nightmares mentioned above have no spe-
cific game éffect, but usually make it impossible to
regain Willpower by sleeping.

The Soul-Drinkers are not specifically mentioned
én thécurse (ornot in the translation with which most
Striders are familiar) but their ability to sniff out
mémibers of the tribe marks them as a probable "by-
product" of Set's Curse.

fag the Core
Of course, fighting against Set's curse and finding
‘a way to lift it from a tribe is one of the loftiest goals
for al char fent Strider ornot. In any chronicle
cme particularly one involving one
or amet bes characters, it's very likely that one or
more characters will take it upon themselves to try
finding a way to break the curse.
Suffice to say, this should not be an easy thing to do.
Set's curse involved the names of basically every
living elder of the tribe at the time, a ritual of exceed-
ing potency, and the power of an undead being so
mighty that he was for all intents and purposes a god.
The curse has effectively lasted for millennia, and only
afew Striders have ever managed toslip out from under
its power in all that time — and even they remained
subject to the curse's greater effect. The young Strider
Bennu has actually been able to channel her ancestor-
spirits as other Garou do, but even she became subject
to nightmares when first setting foot on Egyptian soil.
(She was quickly withdrawn by her elders back to

119

EN

fitenieaneeitisnalertiailienilianaisienamcnsas

|

Sth

"safer ground"; they were unwilling to risk bringing her
into Setite territory if she seemed at all vulnerable.)

What would it take to break this curse? It might
require the destruction of Set himself, which would be
all but impossible to exact, even if he could be found
— vampires grow stronger with age, and Set has been
in existence for a long time. It might require locating
each of the ancestor-spirits named in the curse and
purifying them one by one — a quest that would
certainly require extended journeys into the inhospi-
table realm of the dead to find each of the scattered
spirits. Some Striders even believe that a pack who
makes the ritual journey through all twelve houses of
the Duat in sequence might prove themselves worthy
of the power to break the curse — but, of course,
nobody has ever survived making the journey even
halfway. Storytellers are encouraged to make the quest
to lift Set's curse so difficult that it looks impossible on
paper — only the bravest, wisest and most skilled
should have even a chance of success.

And if they succeed? Obviously, such a pack would
be immortalized in the Silver Record and praised by
entire tribes of Garou, to begin with. The ramifications
for the Silent Striders, however, are more complicated.
Even if the Striders are once again able to settle in
Egypt, they probably don't have the numbers to re-
claim their old territory from the other forces at work
here. To properly resettle their land would require the
resources of the entire tribe — many of whom likely
wouldn't care to drop their present concerns and move
toa land where they aren't comfortable living. And, of
course, the last time a tribe decided to make a con-
certed effort to reclaim their homeland, they wound up
starting a fiery controversy and reducing the Garou
Nation from thirteen tribes to twelve.

Forall these reasons, it's highly recommended that
breaking Set's curse not be entered into lightly. Such a
feat shouldn't count as a story — it deserves to be the
focus of an entire chronicle. The characters should
suffer, push their abilities to the maximum, and incur
severe losses on such a quest — if it's any easier, the
players probably won't appreciate the sheer magnitude
of the feat should they succeed.

JA Mt
Anchert Cit

Obviously, the appeal of running a game in An-
cient Egypt itself, before the Silent Striders' exile, is
incredibly powerful. Regrettably, there simply isn't
space in this book to provide a proper background for
such a chronicle. The Egyptian culture lasted for
thousands of years, involved a multitude of gods and

120

————_—

Rage Across Egypt

survived multiple wars — only a few of the reasons that
there isn't room here to do it justice.

Thankfully, Ancient Egypt has been such a roman-
tic subject throughout the years that there's plenty of
reference material available. A quick web-search should
turn up a multitude of titles dealing with the subject,
from scholarly encyclopedias of information to mas-
sively illustrated books on everyday life aimed at the
casual reader. These titles can tell you far more about
portraying Egypt in days gone past than we can. How-
ever, there are a few things specific to the Egypt of the
World of Darkness that you might do well to consider.

© Belief in the supernatural: Nearly everyone,
from pharaoh to peasant, believes that supernatural
forces exist and exert influence in the lives of mortals.
A character who openly displays a Gift might be
identified as a servant of some god or other, which can
be good, bad, or highly inconvenient.

© No Veil: The Veil is not yet in place, or at least
not to the same degree. Depending on where the
chronicle takes place along thé timeline, the story
might take place during the Impergium, which would
give the players a chance to explore how their charac-
ters would react to being given the task of culling the
human herds. Likewise, remember that the Mokolé
also enforced the Impergium in some places.

¢ Divine Right: The pharaoh rules because he is
the sun god incarnate. Everyone knows that. Voicing
differing opinions will bring down derision and possi-
bly even reprisals on the characters in short order.

© Magi: Many magical traditions began in Egypt,
including a faith-based tradition that flourished dur-
ing the rule of Akhenaten and the precursors of her-
metic and alchemical traditions. Obviously, several
true magi might be among the practitioners of these
arts. Such magi had a tendency to believe themselves
the true shepherds of human society, and would likely
look poorly on inhuman beast-creatures daring to pass
judgement on humanity.

© Tribal Mixes: There are reasons for Garou other
than Silent Striders to be present in an Ancient Egypt
chronicle. The Egyptians were prominent traders, and
came into contact with other cultures from around the
Mediterranean. Black Furies, Bone Gnawers, Chil-
dren of Gaia, Silver Fangs and Warders would all be
potential characters for a historical chronicle.

© Fera: The War of Rage did not bloody Egypt's
soil to the same degree that it did the rest of the world's.
The Bubasti, the Mokolé, and perhaps even the Ratkin
might work with a Garou pack for short missions, to say
nothing of the possibility of sub-Saharan Fera. Mixed
packs were never the norm, not even in ancient times,
but the Breeds were still on speaking terms.

aa


* Ancestor-spirits: Obviously, the Ancestors Back-
ground provides ample opportunity to play outachronicle
over generations of time, as the players take on the role
of their original characters' descendants and continue
to benefit from the originals' wisdom. Of course, Silent
Striders in such a chronicle will be at a disadvantage
should the storyline reach or pass the time of Set's curse.

Story Seeds

* Court Intrigues: Ramesses the Great sired over
100 children. The politicking that must have gone on
between the sons vying for the throne is staggering to
consider. Now, what if one (or more) of the sons were
Silver Fang Kinfolk, while one or two more were ghouls
under the command of Set's brood? Killing a prince of
Egypt is not an easy proposition for anyone, and besides,
once one side has thrown down the gauntlet by spilling
blood, the other side becomes more willing to do so.
What might the Garou do to see their families on the
throne — for the good of Egypt, of course?

Chapter Four: Storytelling in Egypt

EEE

INN es

¢ After the Fall: The times directly after Set's
victory and the laying of his curse would make for
interesting roleplaying. The characters could discover
(if they are Silent Striders) exactly what the curse has
done to the tribe — Ancestors' voices fade away, the
Sacred Hunt brings no nourishment, etc. They could
decide to scout ahead for a place for the tribe to go, and
play the role of Moses, leading their people out of
Egypt. Or they could decide to stay in their homeland
and die fighting for it.

© War!: Egypt has seen its share of invaders and
war. The Hyksos, the Greeks, the Hittites and others
all warred with the Egyptians (again, the timeline
gives a good idea of when these events occurred). A
caern of Garou might well fall in the path of battle —
as might a wallow of Mokolé or a Bastet's den-realm.
The Garou might be recruited to help preserve a holy
place from human folly, or they might be asked to find
help from the other Breeds or another tribe.


TS _NSKSS B oat / =
AS Sern / Jee,

f\ . ww-Z X ‘S\N Yen [iva La

Lilt ee

Waa SLL AL
{i

oS SAIS Iw pS
pene WwW ~S
; YIN ‘i .

IN

,

aK \\S )


leufex (@ won YY)

Pentex has always had a problem expanding their opera-
tions in Africa, due primarily to its watchful Fera population.
Egypt, on the other hand, has long been fair game and
Pentex's premiere subsidiary, Endron Oil, has maintained a
es in Tanta,
Aswan and Port Said. Egypt is a focal point in the world

Cairo branch fos decades, with subsidiary offi

energy market and has staked much ofits future on oil; Endron
has been more than happy to help the government exploit its
tich reserves. Existing somewhere between the status of a
plum-assignment and a death sentence, an upper-manage-
ment position with Endron-Egypt is rich in rewards and the
potential for advancement, at least for those who can survive
it. While in the past a Siberia-style
marked for early retirement, since Pentex's reorganization in

ssignment for executives

the 1990s the conglomerate has put a new emphasis on its
emerging African markets. Endron has given its Egyptian
office over to its best and brightest, with unprecedented
resources at their disposal. This hasn't saved the last two
CEOs from ending up as cat-chow or wolf-kibble, but the
corporation has made slow and steady progress and now
standsat the brink ofa major breakthrough — ifitcan survive.

Rather than an inexorable process toward preeminence,
Endron-Egypt's history has been a dangerous slog, a war of
attrition against the native Garou and other Fera with casual-
tieson both sides. Initially the corporation played itsafe, buying
subsidiary franchise rights under the aegis of the EGPC (Egyp-
tian General Petroleum Corporation) and maintaining a pris-
tine environmental record. During this time it tied itself so

successfully to the ruling NDP through bribes and blackmail
that the government would now be hard-pressed to eject the
conglomerate. By the time Endron's enemies knew what was
happening, the company already had a firm financial and
political foothold with an extensive drilling infrastructure in
place. Playing hardball, the company then proceeded to side-
line much of its competition through blackmail, murder or
sabotage, ironically forcing out at least one major competitor by
stagingan environmental disaster and leaving its oil fields open
to attacks by "Islamic Eco-terrorists."

Endron came out in the open in the late-1970s, by which
time ithad several major oil and natural gas fields, and off-shore
drilling platforms spread throughout the region. By the early
1990s its Apophis Pipeline and other showcase projects were
well underway. In one sense the company may well have
become a victim of its own success. By expanding its operations
it has drawn many Garou to Egypt. Besides the assassination of
several key-personnel, the corporation recently had to face a
major public-relations disaster when one of its tankers mysteri-
ously sunk in the Suez Canal, bringing shipping through that
vital artery toanear dead standstill for almost two months. (The
Egyptian political opposition is still furious and isn't buying

spurious tale of a terrorist's bomb, while other companies are
pursuing legal action.) That, paired with the loss of a major
hydrosolar project in the Qattara Depression, has cut the
company's profits toa razor-thin margin. Now that the Apophis

Pipeline hasgone on-line, however, the company standsto reap

major rewards for its shareholders.

Chapter Five: Children of Apep 123

CL, EE LS AS EN


2 ere er err mere Saaremaa rumiareas)

natural gas fields include the Champollion-5 and
Champollion-6 fields in the Nile Delta near Rosetta. The
company has parlayed these into major petrochemical ven-
tures including a polypropylene plant in Alexandria and a
joint venture with Rainbow Plastics in Helwan. Its greatest
future growth, however, may well be from areas offshore from
the Nile Delta. Initial seismic survey work and exploratory
drilling off the delta have indicated significant reserves.
The current CEO of Endron-Egypt is Frederick Mercer. A
protégé of Kiro Yamakazi, he was promoted (or kicked down-
stairs) from Endron's Far Eastern operation as the result of a
clash within the board of directors. Highly experienced with
bizarre non-Western Fera, he has so-far increased Endron-
Egypt's profits while strengthening its security protocols, and
working to repair relations with the nation's two Black Spiral
in its vampire population. Along with
irium, the bulk of Endron's security

their resistance to the
forces have been i
currently two First iting in Egypt. Mercer has also
ith Yamakazi to bring several
service. These have been

pce and an assassination

cludes both an office complex anda testing facility During. che

outbreak of Jackal Fever, itskindly white-suited doctors werean
odd-looking fixture in the Cairo slums, handing out medicine
and taking samples. Magadon didn't initiate the outbreak, but
they were there to capitalize on its findings. The current
operations manager for Magadon is an Englishman named
Richard Marklen, who, unbeknownst even to his superiors, is
a Wyrm tainted bio-mage of considerable ability.

Rainbow Incorporated has ridden Endron's coattails in
the emergence of Egypt's growing petrochemicals industry and
holds the dubious distinction of being the most toxic industry
in the already polluted Helwan suburbs. Under the less-than-
competent management of its cocaine-addicted regional man-
ager, Anwar Khaled, the inefficient factory has consistently
posted a fiscal deficit. It has been cited three times by the
country's ineffectual environmental agencies, but shows no
sign of closing its doors. Harold and Harold has controlling
interest in Kauket Mining, and has a series of mines riddling
parts of the Red Sea Coast with a central office in Port Safaga.
Besides dumping toxic mining waste into the nearby sea,
Kaukethas introduced the concept of the company town to the
124

i

Rage Across Egypt

The Apophis Pjpefne

Over the past 15 years the company's major goal
has been the construction of the Aswan-61 Pipeline
with its attendant mining and refining facilities. Draw-
ing its nickname ("Apophis") from the ancient snake
demon that attacked Re on his nightly expedition into
Duat, Aswan-61 is over 300km longerand almost twice
as wide as the aging Sumed pipeline. The bottom line
is supposedly profits, but as with everything Endron
does, there is a deeper motive. So, even as Endron
touted the incalculable benefits of the pipeline to the
nation's economy, their true intention quickly became
clear to the nation's shapeshifters. As oil began to flow
in the physical world, a black poison began to seep from
the pipeline and into the surrounding Penumbra. Now,
whileseemingly observing rigorousenvironmental stan-
dards in the physical world, this constant leak is slowly
poisoning the Nile's spirit aspect in several realms.

During construction various assassination and ter-
rorist incidents slowed development, but now that the oil
is flowing it will be twice as hard to behead the serpent.
It would be impractical for the company to guard every
mile of the pipeline, though an electrical fence keeps
most curiosity seekers at a distance. Additionally, anasty
breed of Oil-Bane (see ‘Appeniite i) maces along the

ill as a victim of terrorism. Beside, its pockets are
deep enough to absorb the damage, and a major oil-spill
may be what they have planned all along....

region. As the primary engine driving the economy in several
small towns, its socially experimental Texan CEO, Frank
Walton, has worked to shock-inject Western-style luxuries)
vices such as alcohol and television into the rural Muslim
townships. Finally, no tourist's visit to the land of the pharaohs
would be complete without a burger and fries. O'Tolley's and
other American style franchise restaurants have spread through-
out most Egyptian cities like weeds.

Salts (ph Utbabs)

When it came to death and the afterlife, the Egyptians
were definitely of the mind that you could take it with you. For
the pharaohs, one important element in this process was the
placement of ushabti, small figurines placed over the dead
pharaoh as servitors and protectors in the afterlife. As works
of art, they range from the exquisite to the pedestrian, and are
often shaped like crocodiles, cats, warrior humans and the

A


NN ee

like. Although the majority of ushabti were little more than
just a nice figurine and some wishful thinking, some of the
pharaohs had real sorcerers at their bidding, men and women
with power over the forces of life, death, spirit and time. The
pharaohs wanted more than simple beast-spirits to guard over
them. Usually the chosen guardians were slaves, picked for
their loyalty, beauty, fighting acumen or some other skill the
pharaoh felt he could not do without in the afterlife.

The process of creating such a guardian spirit from the
individual so "honored" was both gruesome and agonizing,
involving the forcible distillation of the person's soul into the
figurine. Once accomplished, however, the Shabti took ona
semi-corporeal spirit existence independent of the figurine:
Created with one purpose in mind, and left to flounder
between life and death for millennia, some of the Shabti
simply faded with time. Others followed their masters into the
Shadowlands or oblivion never to return, and still others were
destroyed. But with a human intellect and millennia to think,
to scheme and to rebel, some forged their own destinies.

While there are tales of comparatively benign Ushabti,
spirits who used immortality to transcend their unfortunate
beginnings, others are wicked or insane with powers equaling
those of the most powerful Jagglings or elder vampires. Highly
individualized creatures, they have no collective opinion on
the other supernatural creatures within Egypt; individual
Shabti have wholly different opinions on Garou, Bastet, gals
and the Shemsu-heru, based solely on their personal experi
ences and inclinations. There are several Ushabti active
within Egypt's borders. The Sinai based Fara'un Shark (liter:
ally the Eastern Pharaoh) is detailed below. Other potent
Ushabti include Inyotef the Prophet, Tetisheri Eye-of-Cat,
Kekhen the Scorpion and Mereneith the Mad. Despite their

individual power, the Ushabti are a dying species and

been designed as NPCs for an ongoing Werewolf campaign,
not for use as player characters.

Powers and Limitations: Shabti use spirit Charms and
seem equally adept with those of the Weaver or the Wyld;
Ushabti who align themselves with the Wyrm also have
access to Bane Charms. Ushabti are intelligent, subtle and
versatile entities, and are particularly dangerous to the
Garou because they can travel so freely between the Umbra
and the physical world (all Ushabti have the Charms
Appear and Materialize), Further, because they were first
built to serve the deceased pharaohs, Ushabti can see and
communicate with the restless dead. Finally, because of
their mystical construction and the thousands of years they
have had to perfect themselves, Ushabti are able to exceed
the five dot level in both Attributes and Abilities, much in
the manner of older vampires.

The Ushabti have their weaknesses, of course. Because
they were often created for one sole purpose, they tend to be
somewhat one-dimensional in their methodsand goals, break-
ing out of ancient patterns only with great difficulty. They are
few in number and rarely trust each other enough to work in
concert. A Shabti's continued existence is wrapped up in its
shabti figurine and he must guard it closely lest it be destroyed

125


,

a 2A

or held hostage. The Ushabti are also not a factor outside of
Egypt because the Four Towers form a barrier that prevents
them from leaving the country for long. (Ushabti lose 4
Essence points each day they remain beyond Egypt's borders,
and regain it at only one point per day once they have
returned.) Faced with a problem quite the opposite of that
experienced by the SilentStriders, the Ushabti have setabout
building a national power base and look forward to the day
when they can walk abroad in the world at large.
Firat Shark (Queen of the Ext)

It was just a single glance, a chance encounter really.
The aged pharaoh being carried toward his deathbed saw the
slave girl, so fragile, small and full of life. "Bring her hence,
that I may know life just once more, before the darkness
falls," coughed the aging king. The trembling child was
brought forward and so pleased was the pharaoh by her
beauty that it was decided that she would never leave his
side, but instead spend eternity serving him in his royal death
chamber. And so, as the king breathed his last and was
prepared for his burial, the king's sorcerer saw to it that the
serving girl underwent preparations of her own.

Her youthful body ceremoniously cleansed in a bath of
milk, the slave girl was then bound in bandages of linen, and
lowered into her cold black sarcophagus. Suspended between
life and death and hunger fora seeming eternity, the girl's spirit
eventually emerged from its icy coffin and into the larger prison
of the lightless burial chamber. There was no sign of the
pharaoh's spirit, though in time the ravenous slave girl found
his body and devoured it. Over the coming eternity she learned
every inch of the burial chamber by touch, including the great
serpent mirror. Her only companion in the eternal darkness of
the chamber, the mirror exuded a faint blue mist that provided
her only meager light source. Over time the Bane in the mirror
ate away at the Shabti's flesh, and in return it whispered tales
of the passing centuries in the surrounding lands and fed her
hunger for vengeance against the world that had forgotten her.
When the tomb robbers broke into the chamber 1,800 years
later, they did not have a chance...

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0/5
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 6, Empathy 5,
Expression 4, Intimidation 6, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 6
Skills: Etiquette 5, Melee 5, Leadership 5, Performance 4,
Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 5, Linguistics 5, Medi-
cine 6, Occult 6, Politics 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Banes), Contacts 5, Fetish 5,
Resources 5

Charms: Access Caern, Agony, Airt Sense, Armor, Break
Reality, Call for Aid (Banes), Corruption, Disorient, Dream
Journey, Hide, Insight, Materialize, Open Sky Bridge, *Rav-
ening Mist, Reform, Shapeshift, Umbrastorm

126

Rage Across Egypt

*Rayening Mist —A sentient Bane-spirit trapped in the
serpent mirror has partially possessed the Ushabti. Driving
her to eternal hunger, the Bane mist devoured her flesh and
now seeks out other victims. At Fara'un Shark's command,
the mist leaves its permanent home in her chest cavity, flying
out of her mouth and eyes to envelop its victim. Within this
chilling mist, sharp talons rip at their target, attempting to flay
the skin from his bones. The victim of this hideous assault
must make a contested Gnosis roll against Fara'un Shark. For
each success the Shabti scores over the victim's Gnosis, the
victim takes one point of non-soakable aggravated damage.
This devastating assault costs 4 Essence a turn and can only
be used against one target at a time. The mist also allows her
to cast the Charm: Shapeshift, provided she has some fresh
human flesh toserveasraw materials. This version of Shapeshift
onlyallows the Shabti to regain her former shape and lasts one
week per success (Gnosis roll, difficulty 6).

Rage 9, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Essence 32

Image: Fara'un Shark still has the beautiful face that
first won the pharaoh's admiration. Below the neck, how-
ever, her body is wholly skeletal, denuded of flesh or sinew,
and lit by a ghostly blue mist punctuated with white sparks.
The Eastern Pharaoh usually hides this beneath an ornate
robe or sews new, albeit temporary, flesh taken from the
bones of her victims.

Roleplaying Notes: The world outside changed during
the 1,800 years of your imprisonment, but not nearly so much
as it has in the past century. When you first emerged from your
tomb you sought to place Egypt under your thumb, but even
with your newfound power there were far too many powerful
enemies. In defeat, you followed the old slave's exodus route to
the so-called Holy Land and here you have carved yourself a
spirit kingdom of sorts in the high Sinai Mountain passes, a
realm as stark and unforgiving as you are. Even here, however,
modernity now encroaches on your silent contemplation, but
the Wyrm who spoke to you from the old mirror has finally
given you the wisdom you have sought; you now know your
purpose in the scheme of things. The aerial realm known as the
Cavern of Sokarhaslongavoided scrutiny, butnow the Wyrm's
minions are on the move. They lack only one thing —a leader.

You seek two things — the first is a permanent replace-
ment for yourskeletal body, thus ending your hunger. Whether
that body is of flesh or something else is of no matter to you.
Your second goal is to finally take firm hold of your own destiny.
To the first end, you serve the Wyrm, who has promised that
once you do its bidding in this matter, it will restore that which
it has taken from you. As for your second goal? It is best not to
think onit too much, butnoteven the Wyrm knowseverything
about you. The Children of Karnak, spirits once held sacred by
the self-same pharaoh who imprisoned you, have guarded the
realm for thousands of years, but their time is nearan end. Their
leader, Sokari, has cast off the weakness of flesh in her metal
body, a matter of more than academic interest to you. Youhave
found purpose again and have a small army of Banes at your
command; woe betide those who stand in your way.


Storyteller: Fara'un Shark's Sinai mountain retreat is a
Level: 3 Caern of Visions (the only known Caern in the
Sinai) and may be quite useful to the Garou if they are able to
convince the Shabti to vacate it.

The Phack Sptref Dancers
pert ears

Hgienkad, the only remaining member of the pack that
captured the Hive so many years ago, rules it completely.
While he isnot loud or overtly vicious, he has still entertained
only two challenges to his leadership over the years. Both
challengers are still alive, and serve as Guardians to the Hive
(Hgienkad will not let th i
Neither will speak of;
but the haunted,
against further ¢

other, for the deal Cares the hell out
Hgienkad, over the years, has discovered
contains gateways to sever ghly unsavory;
thing, a moon bridge o \ th :
connect to any Hive on Earth (a8 fa
least a he's sent emissaries to Hivesy
world without hindrance). Howev:
due a any traveler using the bridg
sacrifice a point of Gnosisasa tolli
but the only Dancer who ev
Hgienkad's old pack) was suck
sudden whirlwind and hasn't

eh seen since.

| blasted wasteland that
) assumed to be the
or in the realm might

The realm also connects
Hgienkad originally (and incor
Near Umbral Atrocity Realm. A
eventually get his bearings by looklt ez and seeing the
Earth far below him. An especially lu r might also~~
get a visit from Apep. Seay ee
Hgienkad, after long years of observation, has come to
following conclusions. First, the pocket realm was meant for
travel and storage purposes, nothing' more. Second, the

Ce a

INN ee

"Apep's Wasteland" realm, as the Theurge has come to call
it, was designed to house the great serpent-spirit Apep and
keep him captive; apparently the mages did not relish the
idea of the beast loose in the Penumbra near their home.
Third, if Apep were released, he might well destroy the Hive
out of sheer rage. In "light of these theories, Hgienkad
decided long ago not to fre&Apep, even though he feels he
could do so. Instead, he keep$ithe massive serpent bound by
the promise thata he finds the proper rites to undo
the hut s ma . Apep, in return,
proyii with energ Sform of Gnosis and
acts: patron spirit. Not exaetly a m of Cunning,
sometimes a Dancer performing the Opened Caern rite will
receive Strength or Rage insteadofGnosisi Hgienkad rarely
allows his followers to perform thefite, ho

some idiot will muck it up and!

Atiup
/-

asa monstrous serpent who

s fought off by Re and (of

d, he did occasionally

uicceed y hese victories were

always tempo Re' syed him and cut his
up intd ing the: e sands.

yruth, ma ‘a mindless brute.

pow s the great Serpent

rer Set cul Silent Striders,

ni uch of po ¢ Garou (though

‘ol@and the Nagaly still respe Manyjof her more

violent servants, including Ap red intOthe Wyrm's

fold, Apep, given to, hat h@ would on

led arout id ed it intOthe ground

with such force pvet If. Head: h power,

Apep ch ho of his ony and went

about, causi or the Changing Breeds all over

real Othe Far

he sur permanently, »

Many centurte
ered the site and tap
@ effect of summon
ages forged him intoy

group off
atin it. This
and, in a panic, the
referred to as a "horizon
ey stayed in the pyramid,

The Totem kb Apophy

Astute readers will notice that the Greek render-
ing of Apep is Apophis, and that Apophis is occasion-
ally used as asynonym for the Wyrm itself, or fora vastly
greater power than the Apep presented here (such as in
World of Darkness: Midnight Circus). The two be-
ings, however, are not the same. Just as an owl-spirit
that acts as a pack totem is not the Owl, the great spirit
that acts as totem for the entire Silent Strider tribe, the
Apep which lies trapped in a realm and serving as totem
for the Hive of the Thrashing Servant is not the mighty
bane-totem that bears the same name.

Chapter Five: Children of Apep 127

VEN

2)
|

|

a AA

making it their chantry, in order to guard the monster they
had unwittingly unleashed, and did so for several decades
before Hgienkad and company showed up.

Apep is not the wisest of spirits and probably would, if
he could escape, destroy the temple and anything in the
area. He might or might not allow his liberators to escape.

Zatardt of the Thrething Serpent
Hgienkad, the Hive's leader, is detailed below. Some of
the other important Dancers at the Hive include:
Shrieks-like-Tortured-Woman: This Ragabash serves
as a kind of master of the Guardians; he performs many of the
same duties thataGaian Warder would, He received hisname
from the horrible screech he emits when leaping into battle.
Soo-Telk: The highest-ranking Theurge in the Hive
(below Hgienkad, of course), Soo-Telk is a devoted wor-
shipper of Sutekh. During his first wanderings on the Black
Spiral, he received a vision that the serpent god would rise
from the sands and lift the Hive to glory as the sun went
black. Upon emerge, he tried to utter the god's name, but
was too disoriented to say it correctly; his name is the result.
Soo-Telk feels that Hgienkad is not paying proper tribute to
Sutekh, but is far too intelligent to voice these concerns.
Libraaj: This "Dancer" is not truly a member of the
Hive. He acts as messenger and go-between for the Hive of
the Thrashing Serpent and other, lone Dancers... or so he
says. The truth is that "Libraaj" isa Shadow Lord called Jibril
Clean-Hands, a member of the Bringers of Light camp. He
realizes what a dangerous game he plays, and hasnot, todate,
entered the Hive. Hgienkad is aware that the messenger is
hiding something, but has never bothered to investigate the
matter. Jibril visits the Hive very rarely, but would like to get
a good look at the interior, so as to bring strategic informa-
tion to other Garou and possible destroy the Hive.
Viglevkad
Position: Leader of the Hive of the Thrashing Serpent
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 4, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 2, Leadership 4, Melee 3,
Stealth 4 (sneaking up), Survival 4 (desert)
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Oc-
cult 4, Rituals 5, Wyrm Lore 5
Backgrounds: Ancestors 3, Personal Totem (Apep) 5

Gifts: (1) Bane Protector, Master of Fire, Sense Wyrm,
Shroud, Toxic Claws; (2) Blood Omen, Ears of the Bat, Jam
Technology, Terrify; (3) Burning Scars, Dagger of the

128

i —

Rage Across Egypt

Mind, Pulse of the Invisible (4) Call Elemental, Grasp the
Beyond, (5) The Malleable Spirit
Rank: 5

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 9

Rites: Any and all rites that the Storyteller requires, most of
which are blasphemous perversions of Gaian rites.

Fetishes: Shadow Mirror (Level 5, Gnosis 7): This small,
circular mirror holds a shadow-spirit, and grants the wielder
some disturbing powers. Upon successful activation, the user
may enter shadows as though stepping sideways, emerging from
any shadow not more than (user's activation successes x 10 in
yards) away. The user re-emerges on the next turn, regardless
of how many successes are achieved on the "shadow-stepping"
roll. The user must emerge from a shadow in a location he has
seen before, and ifthe user is familiar with the location, may use
the fetish to appear in a strategic location (-2 difficulty to an
attack following use of the fetish). Hgienkad, of course, knows
the Hive like the back of his hand and commonly creates a
Shroud around his enemies and then uses the fetish to appear,
strike, and vanish before anyone knows what's happening.

Image: Hgienkad's age is unknown and indetermin-
able. He appears to be in his late 30s, most of the time, but
sometimes, aftera visit with Apep, he appears much younger.
He is tall and lithe, with dark skin and hair, and maleficent
fire behind his eyes. His voice is clear and gentle, and he
never speaks above a conversational tone (even in Crinos
form, he communicates with soft growls).

Roleplaying Notes: You have led this Hive for decades,
and time has lost meaning to you. You aren't quite sure how
itis that you're still young and healthy, but if the Wyrm still
has work for you, so be it. Besides, you aren't finished with
this place yet. When you've had your way, you'll be able to
channel Apep through a shadow and then return him to his
prison. Then all you have to do is open a shadow to that
disgusting caern of Solace.

History: Hgienkad is over 80 years old, and remembers
little or nothing of his life before becoming Garou. He
believes that he was not born to his tribe, but if he isa fallen
Gaian, neither his appearance nor his Gifts betray his former
allegiance. He rules the Thrashing Serpent Hive quietly but
unquestionably, and brooks no challenge to his authority.
He absolutely forbids fights to the death among his follow-
ers, however, and the punishment for killing another Black
Spiral Dancer is to be fed to Apep.

Notes: While Hgienkad has not belonged to a pack in
years, he has taken Apep as his personal totem. Once per
day, Hgienkad may call upon the great serpent and increase
his Strength and Stamina to 5 (in Homid form) for one
scene. Afterwards, he is ravenously hungry and must con-
sume at least five pounds of flesh within an hour or enter a
brutal frenzy and feed on the first living thing he sees.

Vampires

The Leeches present the longest standing, most dan-
gerous threat in Egypt. Over the course of thousands of years,

2 nT


they have been responsible for the deaths of Garou and
Kinfolk, the destruction of caerns, and the expansion of the
cities. While their command over human culture and mores
is certainly formidable, and they often employ arcane mag-
ics against which the Garou have little defense, the most
frustrating thing about them seems to be their ability to
disappear without a trace, often to the point that not even
the Gift: Sense of the Prey can track them reliably.

Some werewolves are aware that vampires divide them-
selves up into "familial" factions similar (in some ways) to
tribes. Some few Garou even know that many Egyptian
vampires follow Set, the god of darkness, as a totem of sorts.
These "Followers of Set" have plagued Egypt since the time of
the Pharaohs, and, if the legends are true, Set is actually the
progenitor of the bloodline.

Whatever the truth of the matter, a Garou who wishes
to fight vampires in Egypt had best do so in a pack and tread
carefully. The cities are, as usual, the areas of worst infesta-
tion. However, Cairo in particular nettles the Garou.

Since Black Saturday (and the supernatural events that
the riots hid), Cairo's vampires have been very aggressive in
policing "their" city for Garou. Only the Bone Gnawers
maintain any sort of presence there, and given the current
state of the tribe, this is probably not cause for reassurance.
While other Garou do visit the city, any who stay too long
might find themselves being stalked and then "softened." The
vampires have, apparently, learned that werewolves are not
foes that die easily ae but they do die. Therefore, a common
tactic is to send assassin with automatic weapons, typically
under the guise of terrorism, to assault the Garou. These
assassins typically know nothing or next to nothing about
their employers, so even if the Garou capture them, they have
nothing to reveal. More often, however, the assailants attack
and then flee, leaving the Garou wounded and bloody on the
busy streets. This treatment is often worsened by bombings
and other acts of war, until the Garou die, retreat, or prove so
obstinate that the vampires are forced to resort to using silver.
Silverammunition is expensive and difficult to make, but the
vampires know its lethal effect on werewolves.

Nagar

Although few Garou know it, the recent past has been
hard on the human mages. Those few werewolves who do
have contacts within the so-called "Traditions" have heard
stories of a war lost and a terrible storm in the Umbra. This
only acts as proof that the mages are mad; although the
Weaver's webs still make Umbral passage difficult, no Garou
has seen a storm of such proportions anywhere in the world.

Egypt has its fair share of willworkers, and the Garou are
by no means their friends. Ancient stories tell of sorcerers
discovering pathways to the Duat and trying to widen them,
or trying to open gateways to the Umbra and having the spirit
realms crash back upon them. These disturbances make
themselves known even millennia later, and the Garou,
when faced with the strange, shifting landscapes of the spirit-
desert or the sudden darkness thatcomes over the Umbral sky,

——EE———E

Nes eee

Adle

Hey, cub. You want to know about vampires, quick
and dirty? I know; Buries-the-Dead probably gave you
her "caste" speech, right? No, no — I'm not trying to
disrespect her! She's right in all she says! It's just that
sometimes she forgets to give some real, practical,
advice. So, here's a few tips.

First, develop your senses of smell and hearing. You
cannot rely on sight when fighting vampires. Two reasons
for that; one is they tend to go invisible when you fight
‘em directly, the cowardly shits. The other is that if you
stare at them too much, they can hypnotize you. No shit,
one gesture and you're ready to die for'em. And believe

g a figl t with a vampire, I'l

and fast. If you're!
howl. It doesn't ma
understand you. Everything you d6orsay
to them, and all we want them to iiow is that we're
mindless, bloodthirsty monsters. Plus, if you talk, they
might talk back, and then you might find yourself
making deals. Here's a history lesson: Every single time
we've tried to deal with the Leeches, they've stabbed us
in the back. Vancouver's Garou lost at least one caern
because they trusted the vampires, and similar things
have happened in other countries, too. Bottom line:
Don't talk to the enemy. No "common foe" crap, either;
I don't care if they're having Black Spiral problems in
the sewers. That's their problem. We're here to kill
vampires, and if the Dancers get in the way, fine, take
them out too. But deals with the devil are always rigged.
Remember all that, and you might just live. If
not... see you in Amenti.
— Samir the Jackal, The Galliard Who Speaks
‘Til Sunrise

growl and curse the meddlers (see the Storytelling chapter for
more information on the Egyptian Umbra).

Chapter Five: Children of Apep

ae

|

a AA

The mages of today are indeed barred from entering the
Umbra. They have other concerns, however, not all of
which are totally alien to the Garou. The vampires pose a
threat to the spell-casters, and sometimes the Garou will
find themselves blessed by lucky coincidences, often in the
form of aid arriving sooner than expected, pursuers becom-
ing lost, or prey running down blind alleys. Some particu-
larly learned Silent Striders or Children of Gaia will then
offer up a howl in thanks to the "Subtle Ones" or "Ahl-i-
Batin," to the confusion of their foreign packmates.

Certainly, however, not all mages look fa
Garou. The old caveat regarding the A od
seek todrain caernsdry of their po
dune buggies approach the Sep
Healing Dawn caern. And whilet
human visitors is predictable, ¢
calm and understanding Ward
agrees that the caern of Solace i
For the mages' part,
to investigate the wo}
pharaohs held just as
folk, and, like the Silé
trace their roots to the
holds mysteries thatno we:
the Red Talonshave, more tha
Temple who summoned lightning 4

While they won't speak of it open!
have also had a historic ongoing conflict ‘
seem to be mages. Ritually scarred and shaved baldya
carrying razor-sharp daggers, this cannibal cult stalke
Egyptian streets visiting punishment on those who offend
theirdeity. These mages proved dangerous even to werewolves.
Often, a member of this crocodile-worshipping cult co
change pool of water intoa bottomless prison or drivea yicrim
mad with visions of darkness and teeth. Also, all the
mages should stand out (all of them being bald, clean-shaven,
and covered in scars), they seemed to be able to hide from
Garou packs very effectively. The fact that most poor commu-
nities would not betray the mages suggests that they com-
manded some form of loyalty. However, for the last few years,
the Gnawers have seen little to nothing of these enigmatic
cultists. The running theory among those Gnawers who care
(which is to say, not the Maneaters) is that when Jackal Fever
ravaged the population, it took care of this cult as well.

Rutkto

"Fucking hell," growled StenchTooth. "Another one." The
rat in his pocket squeaked nervously and scuttled down his
trousers to look at the body. Then it's form rippled, and Slutty
Sameera stood there in Homid form.

"Yick!" She kicked the body gently. "His brain's been
scooped out!"

StenchTooth knelt and picked up on of the corpse's hands.
"Blood under the nails." He licked the palm. "Sweaty. Not cold
‘yet. Hmph."

130

~~

Rage Across Egypt

"Who's doing this?" asked Sameera, reachinginto the corpse's
pocket. She squealed in delight as she found his wallet still intact.
"Dunno," muttered her companion. "But it ain't us. And
the claw marks around his head make it look like he got dogpiled."
"Thought the doggies had rules," chirped Sameera.
StenchTooth stood, quickly. Something had moved behind
him. "So did 1," he said quietly.
The Ratkin are not friends to the Garou in any country.
In Egypt, however, a combination of factors has fed the fire.
The Ahadi is, to the Ratkin, a joke. The Ratkin know
what the Garou mean by "cooperation." That means, "I'm the
sbig dog, so you do what the hell I say." The Children of Rat
ing none of it. They have survived quite well in Egypt
amber of years now, and are not going to expose their
he Garou just because (especially because!) the
it was a good idea. The werewolves are now
ptin greater numbers, and the country's Ratkin
\Cairo, for reasons discussed below) are feeling
at it might have something to do with them.
't a virulent disease just sweep through the
? That rather suggests Ratkin aggression, and
as come forward to claim
sh't mean the Garou won't
the current state of the Bone
ledge). The Ratkin, of course,
ating habits, and have lost a

only source of fear for the
en increased violence
ll stripes — Changing
the Ratkin have no idea

gain hisk gétsn t entirely lost on the Ratkin, the only
creatures strong and coordinated enough to carry on this
kind of campaign for any length of time are the Garou—and
this makes the Ratkin justifiably nervous.

In Cairo, a whole other situation is developing. Commu-
nications between the Ratkin of Cairo and other cities has
become sporadic and, in some cases, ceased altogether. While
some Ratkin outside Cairo fear for their brother's lives, amore
frightening explanation has been offered. Jackal Fever began
its spread in Cairo, as did the "brain-hunter" murders. Egypt's
Ratkin are wondering if their Cairo brethren have fallen
under the influence of something unspeakable.

What this all means to the Garou is thatany Ratkin they
encounter will likely be hostile. In most places, the Ratkin
will simply avoid the Garou unless they feel they can gain
some edge by hindering them. In Cairo, at least one Garou has
been assaulted by several frenzied Ratkin, and, though he
survived, the wounds they inflicted bled freely for daysand left
him weak and drained. He described the rats as "relentless —
possessed, even." He has no idea how right he is.

ca cae


Both the Bastet and the Mokolé commanded worship
at various times in Egyptian history, much more so than the
werewolves. Bubastis, in fact, served as the capital of Egypt

fora time, a fact that still brings a smug smile to the faces of
the shadowcats. The oasis-city of Crocodilopolis saw croco-
diles kept in special pools and revered as incarnations of the
gods. The modern world, however, is less than kind to these

creatures and their changing kin.

The oko

The dragon-folk in Egypt belong mostly to the Mokolé
mbembe stream (though a visiting Makara would not be out
of the question) and the Champsa (Nile crocodile) varna.
They can be found in one of three places: the clutch near the
Aswan High Dam, the ruins of Crocodilopolis, and Oogleforp.

The great Nile crocodiles no longer swim the Nile. The
Aswan High Dam in southern Egypt radically altered the
land and the lifestyle of the Mokolé. The Black River Shore
clutch, the only true clutch remaining in E
banks of Lake
and he is ailing. While younger Mokolé do indeed protect

rypt, sits on the
Nasser. Sand's-Last-King crowns the clutch,

the clutch, anew Crowned has not been bom. The members
of the clutch see this as a terrible omen for the future.
The Ahadi has given the Mokolé some cause for hope,

however. While many of them still mistrust the Garou, the

death of Black Tooth and the promise of unity among the

Béte stirs some of the dragon-folk from inactivity at last.
One Egyptian Mokolé in particular, called Long-River-

Runs, lives in Al-Jizah and makes frequent visits to the ruins

of Crocodilopolis. She sometimes swims in the Nile after
dark and sits on the banks trying to focus in on an elusive
part of her Mnesis.

Long-River-Runs carries the memories of the Mokolé
called Sabah in Garou legends, the werecrocodile who advised
and aided Khepri Leaps-the-Dunes on his way to the Duat (see
the Legend of the Garou).
s these memories, she only knows thatat some point in the

she has not yet been able to fully
ace

far-flung past, a Mokolé helped a Garou with a task and now

that Garou's descendants owe a favor to the Mokolé -

more,
that one such descendant could help the dragon folk reclaim
the Nile. To date, however, Long-River-Runs has not remem-
bered the full story, nor would she know where to begin looking
for a descendant of Khepri if she did remember.

As Long-River-Runs may yet discover, the matter is
complicated by the fact that Silent Striders hav

with their ancestors, Any Silent Strider with Egyptian blood

no contact

(which could theoretically be any member of the tribe) could
be a descendant of Khepri. Such a Garou would probably be
Pure Bred, but even that isn't necessarily true. Long-River-

Runs feels the Memory will tell her when she finally encoun

ters the Garou she is meant to approach about the debt.

Beca
be able to help the Mokolé reclaim the river, Long-River-
Runs has decided that destroying the Aswan High Dam is
not the avenue to pursue, as some of the more direct Mokolé

use the Memory has revealed that a werewolf will

have suggested. Destruction of the dam would flood the

Nile, leading to extensive damage and loss of human life in
the riverside cities. While some extremely bitter Mokolé

Appendix I: Cat and Crocodile 131

RE TS

7

oe AA"

might not balk at this, most of the dragon-folk are wise
enough to realize that although the dam is interrupting the
Nile's cycle, destroying would simply swing the unnatural
balance in the other direction, and many innocent people
would die. The dragon-folk have no desire to feed the
Dissolver by flooding the river. There must be another way.
The members of the Black River Shore clutch near the
Dam, however, have other concerns. While the Dam has
opened the way for Banes and Dissolver-minions of all stripes,
something swims the waters near the Dam that is neither Kin
nor friend to the Mokolé, A No-Sun of the clutch, Unseen-in-
Shallow-Water, insists that the vampires are responsible and
that destruction of the Dam is the only way to purify the land,
unpleasant as the effects may be. While he is not a Crowned,
he is gaining support in the clutch, and when Sand's-Last-King
passes into the memory of Gaia, Unseen-in-Shallow-Water
might well become the leader of the clutch. If he does, the
repercussions for anyone living near the Nile (which is much
of Egypt's population) might be most unpleasant.
Long-Rbver-Runt
Position: None.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Warding
Stream: Mokolé- mbembe

guistics 2, Med i

Backgrounds: ¢ Oogleforp clutch), Kinfolk 1
(sisters), Mnesis 3, Resources 2

Gifts: (1) Inspiration, Mother's Touch, Sense Moon; (2)
Clap of Thunder, Stinking Breath

Rank: 2 (Oogleforp)

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rites: (Accord) Breeding; (Death) Last Communion; (Wal-
low) Feed the Wallow, Illuminated Wallow, Save Hatchling
Fetishes: None.

Image: Inhuman form, Long-River-Runsiscalled Monah,
and isa lovely Arabic woman in her late 20s. She does not wear
the veil, preferring to wear comfortable, casual clothes (which
are often dusty or muddy). In suchid form, she isa 10-foot Nile
crocodile. In Archid form, she retains her crocodilian shape
(and buoyancy) but is much longer (nearly 35 feet!) and
manifests a cluster of spikes on her tail and a poisonous bite.

Roleplaying Notes: Youhad twoupbringings: the Muslim
upbringing your parents gave you, and the one the Hem-Ka
Sobk gave you at Crocodilopolis. The scarred warriors knew —
somehow — of your impending Change, and prepared you for

132

hh _—

Rage Across Egypt

Mokols and the Vamplrar

The traditional Mokolé greeting —"Sun sees you"
— should give a good indication of the dragon-folk's
attitude towards the Leeches. Mokolé do not bargain
with the Leeches the way that the wolves have been
known to do. In fact, if a Mokolé discovers that a
werewolf or a group of werewolves (such as the Black
Furies in Alexandria) have made any kind of deal with
the cadavers, they might well be disgusted enough to
sever any ties with those Garou.

For their part, the vampires have stories about
"dragons" and "dinosaurs" in the Nile, and they fear
these creatures far more than they fear the Lupines, To
a vampire, even the most placid and gentle Mokolé is
arampaging beast, the Sun's fury incarnate. The dragon-
folk do not try to present any other face to the vampires.

it. You love your parents for providing for you, and your sisters
for understanding your new life. You are looking forward to
finding the werewolf who will save your people, but truly hope
it will happen soon. The crocodiles have suffered much.

ocodilopolis with her family while
Hem-Ka Sobk noticed her, and
of their knowledge) what she was. She

riodically over the years to hear their

herfree time on the ban oft ¢
for a clue on how to find Khepri's d

Storyteller's Note: Any Silent Strider wal in theory,
be a descendant of Khepri, including any of the Striders
mentioned in this book, or even (here's a thought) a player's
character. The character need not know anything about
Khepri or the Dam, or have any inkling on how to "save" the
Mokolé, because the Striders are, after all, cut off from their
ancestors. If Monah attaches herself to a character and starts
asking for recompense for Sabah's aid to Khepri, this is likely
to confuse (and hopefully intrigue) the Strider in question.
But if there is no way to verify her feeling, how does the Garou
know he is truly a descendant of Khepri? And honestly, does
it matter, so long as he can somehow help the Mokolé?

Sibi

The shadowcats once bred with the wild Kyphur cats, in
the days before Sutekh and his spawn came to Khem. They
were proud creatures, breeding with the nobility of Egypt.
Indeed, astrong bloodline in the tribe —the strongest Egyptian
family of Bubasti Kin remaining — claims descent from Isis


herself. The cats ruled in Bubastis, punished the proud and the
ungrateful, and drove back the forces of darkness.

Since the coming of Sutekh, they have found darkness
to their liking.

It wasn't an easy change. The Bubasti, so they say, were
once colorful and bright like their feline kin. Centuries of
skulkingin unclean placesand hiding from the vampires have
changed the tribe, however. Now, although they breed with
servals and caracals (both of which are small, tawny-colored
wildcats), all Bubasti are midnight-black in all feline forms.

The Bubasti disdain the Silent Striders for leaving. As
they see it, Set cursed them to a fate far worse than the
Garou. The leeches stole their feline Kin from them, slaying
most of them, but keeping some alive and immortal, bloated
on unclean blood. Sutekh may have damned the Striders to
eternal wandering, but at least they have their honor and
their Kin, if not their ancestors. The Bubasti cannot leave
Egypt; they are bound by a mystical law that they cannot and
will not explain, that forbids them from abandoning their
home. Although some shadowcats may travel abroad, the
seat of the tribe's power is and always has been the land of
Khem... right in the serpent's nest.

The tribe nearly died out in recent history, but the series
of occupations and inva-
sions in Egypt in the
19th and 20th cen-
turies gave the tribe
a much-needed
boost. While be-

ANNs ee

fore they had only mated with Egyptians, the Bubasti realized
that their blood was growing thin. As a result, now it is not
uncommon for a shadowcat to be Caucasian in Homid form.
Regardless, all Bubasti think of themselves as Egyptian.
The tribe isspread throughout Egypt, most living the cities,
some dwelling in the smaller towns. A half-handful maintain
Den-Realms in the desert. Overall, less than 60 Bubasti exist
worldwide, most them in Egypt. The Bubasti realize their
precarious position all too well, and hide in the shadows,
searching for hidden lore on the vampires. The subjects they
favor are unpleasant to say the least — disease, summonings,
and plagues, tonamea few. The shadows re interested in any
secrets that might give them an edge over the vampires.

Over time, the Bubasti have learned much, but always
at a price. Some shadowcats are capable of using not only
Gifts but also esoteric human magic. Thismakes the Bubasti,
small and unimpressive compared with many other
shapeshifters, capable of some very surprising feats. (In game
terms, the Storyteller may allow Bubasti to make use of the
hedge magic paths found in Sorcerer Revised, or design
spells for the shadowcats to use. These spells resemble rites
in that they take time and preparation to use successfully.
Bubasti tend to favor summoning, cursing, herbalism, and
alchemical magics.) However, this power carries with cer-
tain disadvantages. Most Bubasti of rank 2 or higher smell
faintly of the Wyrm to anyone sensitive to such things. The
taint isn't as pronounced or pungent as it would be on an
active servant of the Wyrm, but
is noticeable to


ae AA

the perceptive (difficulty 9 on Sense Wyrm). The shadowcats
recognize this problem, and it is one of the reasons that they
have not sought aid from the Silent Striders more actively.
For centuries, the cats have operated alone and in secret, cut
off by Set's Curse and the War of Rage from the Garou, and
by geography from the other Bastet.

Recently, however, things have been looking up for the
tribe. The Europeans helped the tribe sustain its existence,
and the Ahadi means that, although the have yet todo so, the
Bubasti can ask aid of the Garou (who, for all their disdain,
they recognize as the world's finest warriors) in ridding the
land of the leeches. The Striders would do well to join forces
with these werecats — the ruling elders of the tribe (six inallj
collectively called the kheper) are functionally imo
Thanks to a Gift learned countless years ago, these
can send their souls out of their bodies when it comes
die, only to inhabit (or, more accurately, steal) a
being's body to begin life again. This Gi ftmigh
opposition to Gaia's plan, but
taught the Bubasti patience rivj
This patience is evidenc
conducted by HarshGaze's family.
Four, the responsibility of studyin
passed down for generations.
student (see below for more detail
tekhmet isnot the only Bubasti in
most visible. This is deliberate.

Sashet is a lightning rod, meant &
Specifically, she is meant to draw out t
the last remaining Kyphur cats prison

Position: None.
Breed: Homid
Pryio: Night
Tribe: Bubasti
Physical: Strength 2 (2/3/4/1), Dexterity 3 (4/6/7/'
Stamina 2 (2/3/3/3)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (3/1/1/3), Appear-
ance 4 (5/1/0/0)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Dodge 1, Intimidation 1,
Primal-Urge 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Computers 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Lin-
guistics 3 (English, French, Latin, Egyptian), Medicine 3,
Occult 3, Politics 1, Rituals 2, Science 4 (diseases)
Backgrounds: Contacts (medical) 2, Kinfolk 2, Pure
Breed 1, Resources 2

134
a ——

Rage Across Egypt

At What Cast the Xyphur?

The Followers of Setdo indeed have captive Kyphur
cats locked away. These animals, bloated and twisted
from years of captivity and vampire blood, have swollen
to huge proportions and barely resemble the sleek, beau-
tiful hunters of ancient Khem. While a rumor among the
Bubasti states that for a price, the leeches might allow a
shadowcat to mate with one of these beasts, the werecats
would hardly know how to ask, even if they were willing
to pay whatever was asked.

The elders know that, in the end, the quest to find
»Kyphur will end in a symbolic victory at best. The
itures have been forced to live centuries beyond their
, and may not even be able to reproduce any-

te: However, even if the Kyphur could no longer act
Kinfolk to the Bubasti, the kheper wish them free of
en . They insist that it is a matter of

‘of the Name; (Moon) Warding

ds 5'9", and, like all members of her
e. She has shoulder-length black

fastidiously clean

thingperiodically

thestreets! You bear

tight of your unpleasant responsibility well, but you often

when, after so many years, all the knowledge your
family has accumulated will become useful.

History: Born in Al-Jizah to an Egyptian mother
(Kinfolk) and an English father, Sashet was raised from a
very early age to be a student. When the First Change came,
her great-aunt, a Bubasti from Cairo, took her away and
taught her as a kuasha (mentor). After her yearlong appren-
ticeship, Sashet remained in Cairo to carry on her family's
work. In this, she excelled — she has a brilliant head for
research and data analysis knows more about virology than
some doctors. Although she holds no degree of any kind,
Sashet is on good terms with a number of people in various
medical fields (including a doctor employed by OmniMed,
the company for which Leila the Veil-Shredder works).

ee

=|


Although Islam is often described as a rational,
anti-mythic religion, the Muslim world is full of invis-
ible and often predatory spirits. In many places the
supernatural is taken as daily fact among much of the
general population. Even though Egypt is in many
ays a sophisticated and cosmopolitan country, visit-
ing Garou may still find the average person more
inclined to believe in the existence of the supernatural
than do the jaded citizens of the industrialized West. A
number of familiar Totem spirits have a strong foot-
hold here (Owl, Falcon, Rat, Crow, Cockroach and
their broods are most accessible), though others are
more remote or maintain no presence here at all.
Foreign Garou may find strange, but vaguely familiar,
spirits here; this state of half-recognition is mutual.
After centuries of absence, many spirits donot remem-
ber the Garou and old pacts lie dormant or broken.
Some of the oldest spirits known to the Garou still
exist in Egypt. A number of the spirits listed below,
especially those associated with animals, vary in size,
intelligence and temperament. The Storyteller should
feel free to use the templates below to customize her
own variations. Because of corruption by the Wyrm,
many of the spirits below also have Bane counterparts.

Appendix II: Spirits of the Land

Re a ee SN

Cobra

Capricious and dangerous, though not necessarily
evil, the cobra has gained a dark reputation in Egypt
because of its supposed relationship to Set. In reality,
serpent spirits range from simple animal spirits, to
wicked Banes such as the Soul-Drinkers (see below),
to wise and benign tutelary spirits versed in arcane
lore. Tutelary serpents are rarely the masters of more
than one kind of lore, but in that one niche they have
few peers. Cobra spirits differ little from their animal
counterparts in appearance, varying mainly in size and
color. Some are little or no larger than normal ser-
pents, while legendary cobras from the Deep Umbra
may be 100' long or even larger. The attributes given
here are for a serpent of average size and power.

Rage 5, Gnosis 6 (Tutelary serpents have Gnosis 9),
Willpower 6, Essence 17 (20)

Charms: Airt Sense, Hypnotic Stare*, Poison
Bite*, Reform (Larger or more powerful serpents may
also possess one or more of the following: Armor,
Healing, Break Reality and Open Moon Bridge. Tute-

lary serpents may have the Charm: Acquisition)

1 AR PO A EY,

AZ

*Hypnotic Stare — If the cobra can catch its
victim's eye prior to striking, the victim must make a
contested Willpower roll or be frozen for one turn per
success scored by the serpent. In any case, this state ends
the turn after the cobra strikes. This Charm can only
work on one target at a time.

*Poison Bite — Along with its normal damage,
the serpent makes a contested roll pitting its Rage
against its opponent's Gnosis. The serpent's bite does
one non-soakable point of damage a turn and lasts one
turn for each success it scores over its victim. Injecting
its poison costs the cobra a point of Essence.

Joonplon
Despite scorpions' malignant reputation elsewhere,
the ancient Egyptians had a médre balanced view,
attributing them with both positive atid negative traits.
Perhaps best known in ancient mythology are the
seven "Scorpion Kings" who once se!
Isis. Scorpion spirits often have a keet
(or retribution) and
assassins or as gua
sting women due to
pion spirits appear
counterparts, varying ma
are little or no larger than
some deep desert specime:

typically about a
travel in swarm
here are for a guardian spirit of average

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Disable (poison),
Hide, Iron Will (Blood-Scorpions have the Charm:
Blighted Touch.)

Notes: The seven Scorpion Kings who once served
the goddess Isis are still said to exist in deep Umbral
desert regions. Associated with both justice and ven-
geance, these seven potent Jagglings are: Petet, Tjetet,
Matet, Mesetet, Mesetetef, Tefen and Befen. In one
legend all seven scorpions loaded their poison into one
of their stingers to avenge a wrong. Naming all seven
scorpions in a special ritual is the only known way to
render the poison harmless.

Although the ancient Egyptians had a wide range
of beliefs involving snakes, the fact remained that
poisonous snakebites were of deadly concern. A fa-
vored protector, especially among royalty, was the
ichneumon or "pharaoh's rat." Faster than a striking
cobra, fierce and loyal, the ichneumon spirit lives to
kill serpents and as a totem will extend its protection

136

Rage Across Egypt
ae eee —iiimmmaiames <<

to an individual or an entire pack. Mongooses live
communally in underground burrows, taking turns
caring for the young, watching for predators and hunt-
ing for food, Often several will work to battle a single
snake. Unfortunately ichneumon is not discriminat-
ing in what snakes it killsand may have to be physically
restrained if confronted with a benign serpent entity.
(The mongoose must roll Willpower, difficulty 8 or
attack.) Mongoose spirits range in size. Most are no
larger than their physical-world counterparts, while
some rarer specimens may grow in size to deal with the
larger varieties of snake spirits. Certain ichneumon
wear favors (jeweled collars or the like) given to them
by grateful past charges. The attributes given here are
for a small mongoose-spirit.
Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Essence 18
Charms: Airt Sense, Desert Sense (see Forest
Sense), Healing, *Neck Snap, Tracking
pa goose gains three or

it is able to rapidly
its neck. Beyond its
d{ls an additional

soaked, This

‘ 9

ree dice of Rage whi
maneuver costs the mor

ay tern Desert and other
Umbral desert realms as well. The Khamsin is a crea-
ture of the moment and is born anew each time it blows
with no memories of past storms. It has no sentience as
such, only the need to smash and rend the insignificant
creatures that get in its way. Those who take Khamsin
as a totem, as have the Red Talons of the Sept of the
Howling Sands, may move about largély unhindered
within the storm. From a distance the Khamsin ap-
pears as an immense, mile-high tidal wave of sand.
Occasionally hollow eyes or a great yawning mouth
may appear against the background of the storm.
Visibility once swallowed by the storm varies from a
few inches to a few feet.

Rage 10, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Essence 275

Charms: Airt Sense, Lightning Bolt, Open Sky
Bridge, Short Out, Sandstorm (equivalent to
Umbrastorm)

Kopeth

One of the oldest known synthetic Weaver spirits,
Khopesh "The-Spider-With-Legs-Like-Sickles," is a
unique entity, a hieroglyphic Pattern Spider who is a


master of written languages, enigmas and codes. Un-
doubtedly one of Cockroach's brood, Khopesh's true
origins nevertheless remain obscure. Khopesh himself
claims to have been the heart scarab for no-less a
personage than the vizier, architect and mystic Imhotep,
but given Khopesh's propensity for self-aggrandize-
ment, this statement need not be taken at face value.
Khopesh has several forms. One is as a simple spider
hieroglyph, appearing on stone steles, papyrus rolls or
computer screens. In the Penumbra the Pattern Spider
may appear as a smoky shadow shape containing a
maddening whorl of letters, numbers and pictographic
forms. Khopesh is inextricably linked with his lapis
and gold "heart scarab" spider-figurine (currently un-
der guard in the Sept of the Solar Barque), and will
cease to exist if the figurine is Westroyed. Overly
impressed by his own uniqueness intelligence,
Khopesh can be somewhat sardonic t
considers his intellectual inferiors (p
one), but will nevertheless loyally
protect his heart sca
academic stimulatio
Rage 4, Gnosis
Charms: Airt Sens
Materialize, Short Out,
*Translate—Khopesh
language or code, provid

Charm can only be tried on the same piece of informa-
tion onceascene. Khopesh tends to sulk when stumped.

It is said that the Celestine Re had two eyes that
took on their own avatar forms and did his bidding. His
left eye became the goddess Sakhmet, his divine in-
strument of destruction and retribution. It was with his
tight eye, representing wisdom, that he saw the error of
his ways and recalled the avenger goddess. His right
eye was the Falcon Totem and more specifically its
aspect as the eternally resurrected phoenix. Known in
Egyptian lore as the Benu bird, it was alternatively
pictured asa fiery heron ora falcon, and symbolized the
rise of life against the eternal forces of death and
entropy. The phoenix is best summoned by burnt
offerings at sunrise or sunset, and will converse only as
long as the sun's light is visible on the horizon (disap-
pearing with full night or day). The phoenix is the
totem spirit for the Sept of the Midnight Sun, and the
Silver Fangs hope that it will soon light the way to their
eventual return to power.

Appendix II: Spirits of the Land

SS

Ns

Rage 7, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Essence 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Cleanse the
Blight, Create Fires, Healing, Insight, Reform, Open
Sky Bridge, Swift Flight

Jentw

A great spectral hound over8' high at the shoulder
with asleek jackal-like head, lenpw appears to be made
of dark mist with only two lighted chinks for eyes. It is
always deathly cold near Ienpw and he exudes a scent
of decay. As long as the Citadel of the Western Flame
has existed, this great black wolf has been its guardian.
The Silent Striders have controlled the tower longer
than any other and, given their apparent similarities to
its guardian, perhaps this is just. lenpw has never been
known to speak (he has on occasion communicated
things telepathically through images), and so keeps his
council on why he behaves as he does. Nevertheless
the Strider rsh a useful guardian and
to the tower have
e black wolf has
be placated by

eto the tower
r that lenpw
rumor spread

swallows live cats
by the Striders

rt Sense, *Descent
fe, Reform, Tracking
s with the Silent Strider
mbra, thisCharm allows
lenpw to open a one-way portal to or from the Dark
Umbra. This Charm costs 2 Essence.

*Desiccation — With but a glance, lenpw can
speed up the aging process in a living target, touching
her with decay. Ienpw contests his Rage against his
target's Gnosis (or Willpower - 2 if the target doesn't
have Gnosis). The number of successes he scores over
his opponent's roll are subtracted from her three Physi-
cal Attributes. If the number of successes is not divis-
ible by three, excess successes are subtracted first from
the target's dominant and then her secondary Physical
characteristics. This Charm costs two points of Es-
sence and its effects last one day per success. This
Charm cannot be cast on the same target twice in
succession.

Bava

Wyrm-spirits of many stripes inhabit the Middle
East. Blood-covered scorpions haunt the doctor's of-
fices where young girls are circumcised. Psychomachiae
hover above pious Muslim warriors as they strap explo-

137

2
|

Sere eres ere ua ares arvana rem snsewremsmaarensroh

I SSL

sives to their bodies. And, of course, the machinations
of Pentex spawn no small number of Umbral horrors.

JSouf-Drtokort

Do not call upon your Gnosis in the desert. Ever.
Especially at night. It's a little like hanging a bloody shirt in
a tree in the woods. You might not attract anything — but
if you do, it's going to be hungry.

— Samir the Jackal, the Galliard Who Speaks 'Til

Sunrise

is not at all recent. The Soul-Drinkers,
come to be called, have existed for centuri
the Umbral deserts by day. At night, the
and hunt for their chosen prey: the Sile:
Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6,
possibly higher if the Bane has fed rec:
Charms: Gnosis Drain*, Trackin,
ers from any distance, or any

they have
, stalkit

ceed in a Willpower roll (diffi
Draining Gnosis requires an
(spirit's Rage vs. Garou's G:
excess of the Garou's resul

1s of Gnosis, includi
Rite of Spirit Brew.
Image: Soul-Drinkers
size from harmless-lookii
twenty-foot monstrosities,
Gnosis they have consumed
ers have long, slender fangs that are
in the dark. ‘
Background: The origins of the Soul-Drinkers lie
in the far-flung past. Exactly what spawned them
originally is unknown, but the Garou tell tales. One
such tale suggests that the Soul-Drinkers were the
unholy spawn of Set and Nephthys before her demise.
Another suggests that the spiritual children of Serpent
felt betrayed both by the Garou and their mother, and
turned to the Wyrm. And at least one Garou has
suggested that the Banes are the ghosts of the Nagah,
come to take revenge on their murderers.
Whatever their origins, a few hard facts about
them can be stated. They possess the ability to Mate-
rialize, but only at night. During the day, they roam the
Penumbra. They attack by latching on to Garou and
drinking their Gnosis. Their favorite "meals" seem to
be Silent Striders, whom they can sniff out and track
from any distance. They will attack Garou of other

138

———

One of the more common breeds of Banes in Egypt ¢

Rage Across Egypt

tribes and other Fera as well, but only if they are
hungry, and only if no Silent Striders are available.
One of their worst traits, however, is the company
they keep. Soul-Drinkers can smell Garou (or, indeed,
any being with Gnosis). As a result, larger Banes and
other Wyrmspawn sometimes follow Soul-Drinkers to
find Garou. So, while a Soul-Drinker by itself is not a

threat, it behooves a Garou who sees one to
ch his back very carefully, lest a pack of Black
ral Dancers or a powerful Bane be following the

d stared down at his feet. His ankles and soles

callused, and his toes were purplish

ting. He wiggled his big toe on the

e woenail felt loose. Slowly, deliber-

and gave it a gentle tug. It came

ath the nail was a hollow filled with
ands of flesh...

pounding. He looked at his

, but could not bring himself

, unrolled his cloth, and knelt

him from these horrid

‘looking Banes with insidious
hile they can do little in a
olf, their power to enter and
ts them very dangerous in-

, Gnosis 8, Essence 16
-ssion, Nightmare Control*
Control: Once a Jann successfully
)it'can assert control when the host
; at no other time). The Jann delves

into the host' 's subconscious and dredges up whatever
horrors it can find. Like any dream, the nightmare is
couched in symbolism, but the symbolism used is so
disturbing that the victim awakens feeling violated
even if he doesn't understand the dream. The unfortu-
nate person loses a point of Willpower upon awaken-
ing. He may regain this Willpower if he deciphers the
meaning of the dream (using the Dream Interpretation
system in Werewolf Revised, difficulty of the dreamer's
own Manipulation + Enigmas, at least 5 successes
required before victim sleeps again).

If the Jann possesses and uses this Charm on a
werewolf, the situation is much, much worse. The
Garou must roll Gnosis at a difficulty of his own
Willpower as though stepping sideways. Ifhe succeeds,

tinea,


he plunges into a Dream Realm of his own making —
aided by the Jann, of course. The Bane can alter and
control facets of the nightmare, as with ahuman— but
as the werewolf can actually die during the nightmare,
the stakes are much higher. Even if the Garou survives,
he loses a point of Willpower as described above.
Again, the nightmares are created out of the victim's
own fears and memories, they are simply amplified to
disturbing levels by the Bane.

A human being drained of all Willpower by aJann
may become a fomor, often with the powers of Night-

drained is simply lethargic and whipped,
more susceptible to losing the wolf. i
Image: Jann appear as tiny huma:
than a foot tall. They range in color frou
blood red, and have mouths of wick
teeth. They rely on stealth to hide the
as they have little in the wat d
Background: The word "
lent Middle Eastern spirit (:
may be harmful or benign). Thi
rare, and have yet to be encot

with him until he is drained
on. Occasionally, they wil
and create a fomor, but thi:

they relish the ability to fe
mares. Werewolves are sp
as they offera much more
has greater and more vici

Ontat (Of Barat)

Egypt and other oil-producing states. Generated whe
an animal or other living creature is poisoned by oil;
these loathsome Banes most often poorly mimic the
shape of the creature(s) to have died in the oil slick.
Like an iceberg, over 90% of these Banes lurk beneath
the desert sands with only the smallest trickle of oil (if
that) to give away their position. Fossil fuels like oil
come from decomposed and fossilized organic matter.
Banes of this nature speed up this processa million-fold
and seek out victims to add to their mass, dissolving
and transmuting even a large carcass with astonishing
speed. Some oil Banes can grow to great size in this
manner and there are even tales of entire oil fields
consisting of just one Bane. The attributes given here
are for an Oil Bane of average size and power.

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4, Essence 17

Appendix IT: Spirits of the Land

—aeeeeEeEeeEeEeeEE

SN ee

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, *Dissolution,
Liquefy (Larger Octani can cast Umbraquake)
*Dissolution — This is the Charm whereby the
Bane absorbs others into its mass. After a hit using
Willpower, the Bane rolls its Rage against its opponent's
Gnosis. Each success represents a point of fully soakable
but aggravated damage, as the unfortunate victim
watches part of his body absorbed into his foe's oily

Notes: Because of their viscous nature, oil Banes

€sistant to physical attacks (half damage
). Fire does the job of destroying them
igh battling a burning Octani has perils all
e reduces the Bane's Essence by five each
under the ground or is de-

dependent entities.

Ducto)
f history, before the unre-
‘eaver bound and maddened

‘illing the role of construc-
its minions ground down
ew. It has been millennia

al aspects of this original
spirits that serve this Wyrm
pordial predecessors of today's
ous to be sure, but without
characterizes contempo-
t" (to use the Bastet term)
| counterparts, the ethereal

the Aetherial Cavern of Sokar
id dwelling Dactoi found in the
Deep Water.

This ponderous mud-dweller lives in the Nile
shallows of Deep Water, though they may infrequently
appear in other Umbral rivers as well. In ancient times
it was the Dactoi's job to grind-down living and dead
river matter into a rich, life-giving loam. The great
segmented behemoths look more than anything else
like Silurian era scorpions or trilobites, and measure
anywhere between 20-50 feet in length. Heavily ar-
mored along the back, it is the bottom of these crea-
tures that one must beware. Their undersides are lined
with hundreds of toothless mouths surrounded by
sharp wiry bristles that they use to swiftly break up
their meals. The resulting puree is then vacuumed into

139

EN,

|

|

a SA

their stomachs to be later expelled as fresh spirit-
matter. The slow-moving creature propels itself using
a combination of body-undulations and compressed
water shot in jets from its backside. The great scaven-
gers are neither sentient nor even particularly aware,
though they are attracted to sudden movements in the
water. Capable of short, swift movements to capture
distressed prey, the dull-witted giants are nevertheless
ill suited to defend themselves against the Mokolé who
occasionally feed upon them.

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4, Essence 20

Charms: Armor, Flood, Noxious Gas

Sitbo/

The eerie calm at the center of the storm, the
deathly silent Elethoi are the opposite of the noisy
wind creatures that crash around them. Sentient and
far craftier than their river-bottom counterparts, these
avatars of the void seek out areas of extreme climatic
opposition (storms) and then devour any errant winds
that wander into their vicinity. So potent are these
spheres that a few of them could devour even a major
Umbral storm in little time. As the Wyrm has sought
to expand its influence in the Aetherial Realm, it has
found these proto-Banes remarkably receptive to its
overtures. In return for their services against the Chil-
dren of Karnak and other enemies, the Wyrm has
given the Elethoi access to the greater Penumbra.
Elethoi are without form of any kind, but can be
detected by the absence of visible climatic features —

\

140

Rage Across Egypt

clouds, smog, sandstorms, ete. — that churn around
their sphere of influence (much in the way that energy
crackles on the event horizon of a black hole). An
Elethoi's sphere of influence is a 10' diameter sphere
per point of Gnosis. By manipulating their "mass"
against the surrounding atmosphere, Elethoi can cre-
ate wind gusts for attack, defense or escape, but at twice
the Essence cost of conventional air spirits.

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Essence 22

Charms: Airt Sense, *Asphyxiate, Create Wind,
Reform

*Asphyxiate — Any wind that enters the area
inhabited by the Elethoi dies down immediately, while
any wind spirit simply dies. Air spirits lose an amount
of Essence equal to the Elethoi's Gnosis per turn until
they are devoured, escape or the Bane is full. Similarly,
the Elethoi may steal the breath from any creature that
needs to breathe. The Elethoi rolls its Gnosis against
that of its victim, who takes one non-soakable point of
damage per success scored by the Dakat. This contin-
ues each turn until the victim dies or escapes; fortu-
nately regaining this damage is almost instantaneous
once the target can breathe again. An Elethoi cannot
devour an amount greater than its permanent Essence,
but must digest its airy meal at the rate of one stolen
Essence/health level per hour.

Notes: Less substantive than the air itself, Elethoi
are wholly immune to physical attacks, but Gifts or
magic fetishes affect them as usual.

ee


THE CURSESOF THE) AGES

For thousands of yearsythe Silent Striders have been forced to wander far
from their homeland. Exiled by the Curse of an ancient vampire, they have
been unable to return'to their territory of Egypt/instead roaming the roads and
byways of the rest of the world) Now as thé world.turns toward Apocalypse,
things may be poised:té change. The Silent Striders just might be coming home.

BIOOD/ON THE SANDS

For four thousand years, vampires and werewolves! Have been at odds in
Egypt. In this, the Year of the Scarab supplement

», for Werewolf: The Apocalypse, it's the werewolves'

"turn to pursue the mysteries of the Nilé»Valley.

Rage Across Egypt reveals the,Garou's shadow

_@ war against the vampires of Egypt,)the horrors of
Jackal Fever, the schemes of the Fera,,the mystical

Twelve Houses of the Underworld, and much more. Come and

. om see what lies beneath the sands....

4

HEAPOCALYPSE F
cee en Se

wwwewhite-wolf.com

Th
