# File: Ravnos.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ia

Sakae

A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"


Aa 8 © 0 KE :

Ravnos

Pride and Prejudice

By Christopher Walters



You have always scen us. Yes, there, on the out-
skirts of your city. Perh, ips you have seen the archons
drive us away, but in time we have always returned

You marvel ar our ‘Phearance, at the distant lands
reflected in our eyes. You wonder thout our mysteries,
the powers you've heard we possess. Do not {pal
yourself. Those powers we traded lone igo, for abilities

far more monstrous, We are still proud, but our blood

is gone, and we have known prejudice that even the
Damned should never endure


Credits

Author: Christopher Walters

Additional Material by: Robert Hatch
Developer: Robert Hatch

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Interior Art: Christopher Shy

Front Cover Art: Tim Bradstreet & Grant Goleash
Back Cover Art: Christopher Shy
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
ek sure
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997, 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West, Trinity, World of Darkness Gypsies and
Clanbook Ravnos are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

Special Thanks
Justin "Innsmouth" Achilli, for his ever-present, never-
pleasant naming service.

Larry "Riddle Me This" Snelly, for offering me a big,
luscious, juicy conundrum. x
Ben "Louis Louis" Monk, for keeping his head at the
Halloween gala.

Dinah "Madame Guillotine" Monk. Let them drink beer!

Brad "Seasick" Butkovich. Arr, take it easy on the grog,
matie!

Word from the
White Wolf Game Studio

Mummy 2nd: Three notes.

There should have been a blank character sheet at
the back of the book, and there was not. For this egre-
gious oversight we apologize; blank Mummy 2nd
character sheets may be obtained from our Website and
freely copied.

Our apologies to Mike Danza, for leaving him out of
the credits. Thank you for the lovely full-page art.

Also, apologies to Steve Wieck, who originally
came up with the concept of mummies in the World of
Darkness (way back in WoD: Mummy 1st). He should
have received a note to this effect in the credits, and did
not. Sorry, Steve.

Note from the Author

Ofall the peoples of the world, the Gypsies have
always been the most difficult for outsiders to under-
stand. Many misconceptions have plagued them
throughout time, and continue to follow them to this
day.

Unfortunately, it is unreasonable to assume that
all who wish to use Gypsies in their chronicles will
have the benefit of an anthropology course. For this
reason, certain liberties have been taken in the presen-
tation of these enigmatic people, including the
continuation of some of these misconceptions.

Largest among these is the misuse of the word
Rom. The Rom are a family of Gypsies, different from
the Gitanos or the Rudari. However, for game put-
poses, the word Rom is used to describe all Gypsies. In
truth, this is not the case.

I would like to apologize for these errors in ad-
vance. | mean no offense to anyone in what I have
written. However, I would like to stress emphatically
that this isa game; the World of Darkness isnot the real
world. It has been created for entertainment, and for it
to work properly, creative license must be taken to
increase playability.

+ Clanbook: Ravnoo

C

LAR WB 0. OK

Chapter Four: Char
Appendix: Ravnos

Contents +


[first met the Gypsies
after the First World
old. My parents had
thievesand briga
traveled constani
ties.

But the people gat!
sive, horse-drawn covered W
to me. The laughing, playing
than I. The old women clustered around the fires cart!
ait of malice about them. The dark-skinned Gypsy me!
talked among themselves showed no fear of the poli
would eventually come to drive them off. Ragged ai
were, these people did not strike me as thieves.

I was approached by three Gypsy boys, who r
me with the same awe that | attributed to the Gypsie:
of them spoke to me in a broken French dialect, aski
were not afraid to be seen in their company. I ans'
truthfully that I was not. This delighted them, and they

other members of their

iry ra Panash had:

es om! Again, I answered

felt I had nothing 'to he men laughed deeply,
ed if perhaps I wouldike to trade my way of life for
thought fora moment, looking around the campsite

wagons, the dogs, the firelight shining off of the
' faces — and I nodded, saying that I would trade all

Anstant.

the men stopped laughing. They looked at me in
hment; it seemed impossible to them that any gaje
Id live as they did. Certainly, no Romani boy would
lingly lead the life of a gajo. Panash laughed shrilly
led me Romani-gajo, which I could only assume was
pliment.


Ididnot return home that night, nor the day after. And
when the kumpania pulled up their roots and drove their
wagons eastward, I went with them.

I spent nearly half a year traveling with the Rom until
the police found me and returned me to my family. But the
road had taken root in my heart, and I was no longer content
to live as the gaje did. My mother wept, and my father and
Thad bitter words, but finally my parents ruefully allowed me
to spend half of each year traveling with my Romani foster-
family. This cycle of living continued for many years, until
the outbreak of World War II, when I abruptly lost contact
with the kumpania.

It was common knowledge that the Nazis hunted
Gypsies just as they did Jews or homosexuals, and I assumed
that this was the fate that had befallen my Rom family. They
had been taken to the camps and put to death. I did not
expect to see any of them again.

However, while traveling through the south of France
on a cold autumn night in 1948, I stumbled across a Rom
encampment. I approached the camp, calling out the tradi-
tional Romani greetings I had learned, and was shocked to
see my boyhood friend Panash come out to greet me. We
laughed at our good fortune, and he led me into the camp,
where other members of my old kumpania welcomed me
warmly. Excitedly, | asked Panash how he and the others

had survived the war, and why they had not kept in contact.
Panash looked at me strangely, and told me he would not
speak of it.

They invited me to sit with them, to tell them of my life
since I had last seen them. I nodded, noticing that the
members of my old kumpania sat at a fire a good distance
away from the other Rom, who eyed us suspiciously. |
wondered what they had done to be treated this way by other
Gypsies.

Ttold them of my family's flight to Switzerland to escape
Nazi occupation, and of my efforts to find any sign of the
kumpania during the war. I told them of the work I had begun
while living in Switzerland — of my plans to write a book
based on my experiences among the Rom. Panash frowned,
and asked why I would choose to write about them. I told
him that perhaps other gaje would read my book, and see the
Rom as I did.

A low, unsettling laughter passed through the as-
sembled Rom, and Panash smiled darkly. He rose from the
fire, and his face fell into shadow. He beckoned me to follow
him, and he began to walk into the darkness. The other
Gypsies watched me carefully, and for the first time in over
two decades, | felt ill at ease in their company. ‘

I stood uncertainly and asked Panash where he was
taking me. He turned his head, the firelight reflecting in his

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


eyes. "Come," he said quietly. "Come and meet Jhienvé, and
you will know how we survived the Holocaust."

I followed him, though at the time I did not know
precisely why. We walked to the far edge of the camp, toa
wagon that superficially seemed no different from any of the
others: horse-drawn, cookpots and heavy skillets dangling
from the sides, with a cloth awning and thick wooden doors.
Panash knocked quietly, and a soft, weary voice bade him
enter.

Jhienvé was an old Romani woman, dressed in flowing
colored skirts and a loose-fitting blouse; charms and talis-
mans adorned her ears and neck. Though tiny, she seemed
to fill the wagon with her presence, and though purest Rom,
she was exceedingly pale, as if in the grip of illness. She
greeted Panash warmly, but her eyes turned cold and dis-
trustful when she saw me enter the wagon behind him.
Jhienvé looked scornfully at my blond hair and blue eyes,
and asked Panash why he had brought a gajo to her. She
spoke in a Romani dialect different from any I had ever
heard; her words seemed purer than Panash's, less corrupted
by the influence of other European languages. I could
scarcely understand her.

Panash bowed and mumbled an apology, then ex-
plained to her that I was his foster-brother, of whom he had
spoken so often. Jhienvé watched me closely fora moment,
and then her stony eyes softened. She gestured to some
pillows on the floor, and we sat.

Jhienvé asked me about myself: my family, my travels,
my experiences with Panash and the kumpania. I answered
her questions, but I was still uncomfortable with the way her
dark, mournful eyes stared into mine. Finally I told her of my
work, of my plans to offer a glimpse of the real Rom to the
gaje, so that perhaps the two peoples could live in peace.

Jhienvé smiled, the wrinkles on her face becoming deep
creases. Her mirthful grin did not match the pain and
contempt in her eyes. She and Panash exchanged looks,
then Jhienvé turned to me and asked me the same question
that I had been asked so many years ago: Would I trade my
way of life for theirs? I frowned, explaining that | already
had. I was no more a gajo, I said, than she. Her smile only
broadened, but her eyes hardened further.

"Would you know the truth of things, Romani-gajo?"
Jhienvé whispered. "Would you know the hidden secrets of
the Rom? Come closer," she hissed, crooking a finger, "and
I will tell you what I know." At this change in her counte-
nance I started, but Panash's hand on my back implacably
urged me forward, and then Jhienvé's eyes swelled to sucha
size that I almost ignored her talons scrabbling at my
clothes, or her fangs tearing at my throat.

I felt a tidal surge of euphoria; then it faded, and I felt
dizzy, faint, such that I would surely die. I slipped to the floor,
and Jhienvé knelt over me, spat into her palm and placed
her palm to my mouth. "Know this, Romani-gajo," she
mockingly intonedas I licked the salty fluid. "Youhave been.

Chapter One: The Ravnos


tricked. It were well that in the future you prove more
cunning."

She told me then of the dead things that lurk on the
edges of our lives. She told me of the Damned, and of Clan
Ravnos: of its battles for survival and its persecution at the
hands of the gaje, Kindred and kine alike. She told me of its
origins in the nights of Eden and of its ceaseless struggle with
the mulo. And when she finished, as the horizon had begun
to lighten, I asked Jhienvé if I might use my newfound gift
to chronicle the truth about the Ravnos, as I had intended
to tell of the Rom — and upon hearing this she simply
laughed, a dry and bitter sound.

When I left the camp, I was no longer human.

Since that time, I have traveled throughout Europe and
the Americas, relearning what I once thought I knew. [have
spent many years prying out the truth about my own clan: its
customs, its factions, and its secrets. | have spoken with the
elders of my clan and others like myself, and I have ever paid
dearly. In truth, I know little more than I did when I
breathed, and I am certain that half of my knowledge is but
lies upon lies, for the Children of Caine are nothing if not
false of tongue, and my family more so than many.

Nonetheless, what you hold in your hands is the fruit of
my labors. This book compiles a fraction of the histories,
tales and customs that have made Clan Ravnosas foreign to
the other Kindred as the Rom are to the gaje.

I can only hope that my efforts will do some good.
Prejudice runs deep and unyielding in the Damned, and no
other clan has been so subject to bigotry as the Ravnos.
Since the fabled Second City we have been hunted. Since
our very origins we have lived apart from other Kindred. But
in reading this, it is my hope that perhaps you will see why,
and that understanding will temper your mistrust.

I will impart to you the only truths I know, and many
alie besides. With these truths and lies come responsibilities
which you now share.

Ravnoo Lexicon

The Raynos share a language with the living Rom, a
language that is unknown to outsiders. This language, called
Romani, has its roots in Sanskrit, but has adapted many
terms and inflections from other sources. A more complete
lexicon of Romani terms can be found in A World of
Darkness: Gypsies. However, there are a few words which
the Ravnos use exclusively, or which hold a different mean-
ing for them. Those terms are listed here.

Amria (AHM-ree-uh) — A Gypsy curse.

Baro (BAH-roh) —Literally, "big man." The leaderof
a Ravnos or Gypsy kumpania.

Draba (DRAH-bah) — Gypsy charms and talismans.

Gajo (GAH-zhoh) — Literally, "peasant." Any non-
Gypsy, mortal or Kindred.


Gaje (GAH-zhay) — Plural of gajo.
Georgio (JOOR-jee-oh) — A Ravnos of non-Gypsy
stock; a gajo Ravnos.

Juvindo (joo- VEEN-doh) —Literally, "alive." A mem-
ber of the living Rom.

Kaen (KAIN) — The Romani spelling of Caine, the
first vampire.

Kris (KREASE) — A Gypsy trial.

Krisatora (KREASE-ah-tor-ah) — Those who preside
over a kris.

Kumpania (koom-pah-NEE-ah) — A band of Gypsies
or Raynos.

Kumpaniyi (koom-pah-NEE-yee) — Plural ofkumpania.

Marhime (MAH-ree-may) — Literally, "tainted." The
condition of an object or person being somehow unclean or
corrupt.

Mulo (MOO-loh) — Literally, "dead." A contemptu-
ous term for non-Ravnos vampires.

Patshiv (paht-SHEEV) — A kind of Ravnos "clan
meeting": A feast and celebration that occur whenever two
or more kumpaniyi happen to meet while traveling.

Patshiva (paht-SHEE-vah) — Plural of patshiv.
Phralmulo (FRAHL-moo-loh) — A Ravnos of Gypsy
heritage.

Samadji (sah- MAHD-jee) — Literally, "heirloom." A
powerful piece of draba passed from sire to childe among the
Raynos.

Sarrath (sah-RATH) — The Ravnos' name for the
being who became the first Silent Strider Lupine.

Sarrath, Children of — The tribe of Lupines known as
the Silent Striders.

Shanglo (SHAN-glo) — A policeman; the term can
also mean a vampiric "law enforcement" officer: a Justicar,
Seraph or sheriff of a city.

Tumnimos (tum-NEE-nos) — The vampire Embrace.

Tzaddik (TZAH-deek) — Synonym for baro, used
among Ravnos from Africa and Asia.

Vurdon (VER-dohn) — A Ravnos' vehicleand haven.
In Europe, a covered wagon. In the Americas, vurdon are
often station wagons or vans.

Vurma (VER-mah) — Literally, "trail." The routes
which kumpaniyi travel.

Wuzho(WOOZ-oh) —Literally, "pure." The opposite
of marhime. Also, a Ravnos from the Tsurara family of
Gypsies, a radical sect which has dedicated itself to combat-
ing supernatural menaces.

Chapter One:


In the trees

Our sons stand naked
Through the walls

Our daughters cry

See their tears in the rainfall

— U2, "Mothers of the Disappeared"

We are renowned for our storytelling. It is, perhaps, the
only point on which my people and the gaje agree. For the
Ravnos, storytelling serves a variety of purposes. Stories have
always been the greatest entertainment, something to stir the
imaginations of young and oldalike. Telling tales can bea last
resort to score a quick buck, as few gaje won't part with their
money for a good story (or even a poor one, as attested to by
the dreck the gaje call "bestsellers" and "blockbusters"). And
most importantly, storytelling serves as a secret form of com-
munication, a way to relay important information ina fashion.
not easily interpreted by the prying ears of our enemies.

‘The stories that my people tell are epic in their scope and
even more epic in their contradictions. Each family is sure to
havea different view of each event; each kumpaniatells the tale
witha different hero. In fact, listening to the same story told by
different Ravnos, it might seem as though my clan is entirely
populated with liars and braggarts. It might seem that the
stories we tell exist forno other reason than to satisfy our pride,
Well....pethaps, but look to your own annals, O my Kindred!

It matters little. For the Ravnos, knowledge of the past
does not serve the same purpose as for the gaje. The truths
ofan event — its hero, its villain, its circumstance — these
are not so important as the meaning of it, the lesson to be
learned and shared,

Chapter Two:

Greatest among these myths is that of our creation, the
story of our founder. It is one of the first legends a young
Ravnos learns. And just as the tale was told to me by
Jhienvé, I shall tell it to you.

Caine's Favored Son

In the ancient days, after our people were cast out of the
First City, they wandered in the wastes for many years, Living
off of the foolish gaje and relying only on themselves, that first
Kumpania flourished. But as they flourished, they grew numer-
ous, and it was not long before the baros found their feet
followed different vurma. So the kumpania split apart, and the
families of Rom went their separate ways. Thus were the first
vestiges of the Phuri Dae, the Urmen and the Ravnos formed.
Their departure was like the flowing of water away from the
source, and there was no ill will, for even then they were the
Rom, and such has always been our way.

Now in those times, our family was not known as
Ravnos. We were called the Powara, and we lived with the
sons and daughters of Sarrath in our midst. Motivated by
both the natural wanderlust of the Rom and the objectives
of their Lupine brethren, the Powara became a widely
traveled family, even by the standards of our people.

The Persecuted +


It came in time that the baro of the Powara was a man
called Tshurka. He was well loved by the kumpania, for he
was as insuperable as the Rom themselves, and he spoke
with certainty and wisdom. He led the Powara with fiery
eyes and an arrogant smile that put fear and bewilderment
into the gaje, for he had learned to show them just the
slightest hint of the power in his Blood.

Tshurka's brother was called Pujinka, and he was eldest
among the children of Sarrath who traveled with the kumpania.
For every reason that made Tshurka the baro of the Rom,
Pujinka was the chieftain of the Lupines. In response to
Tshurka's flashing smile, Pujinka displayed a fearsome scowl.
Instead of Tshurka's gentle compassion, Pujinka was over-
filled with the impassioned anger of his kind. He sometimes
led the Lupines away from the kumpania for days, even weeks,
only to return with but a handful of their number. Because of
this, Tshurka favored him little, and a burning rivalry slowly
smoldered between them as the kumpania roamed the land.

One night, as Tshurka and his people cooked their
dinner around the fire, a stranger wandered from the dark-
ness and stood at the edge of the camp, leaning on Tshurka's
vurdon. The dogs in the camp ran toward him, barking and
growling, but he calmed them with a sweep of his hand and
a few gentle words; the hounds bowed their heads and
crawled at his feet, their bellies dragging on the dusty earth.

The Powara stared at the stranger, for never before had
they seen their dogs pacified so easily by the gaje. Anda gajo he
was, this stranger, for his bright eyes and pale skin were as

foreign to the dark-skinned Rom as the full moon is to the
noonday sun. Foramoment, the Powara were held by thesame
vague fear with which the gaje viewed the Rom. Pujinka,
however, smelled the taint of the tumnimos upon him, and
angrily leapt from the fire to drive the intruder away.

No sooner had Pujinka risen to confront the stranger
than a second figure appeared beside the gajo and tenderly
reached up to take his cold hand. And the Powara watched in
astonishmentas Laetshi, Tshurka's youngest daughter, led the
man into the camp and, smiling, asked him to sit with them at
the fire, Snarling, Pujinka immediately confronted Tshurka,
saying that he would not share his fire with the man.

Whether Tshurka was swayed by the stranger's power,
or he held faith in the trust his daughter had shown, or he
simply meant to anger Pujinka— this is unknown. But with
an even gaze, the baro told his brother that to turn the
stranger away was not the way of the Rom. Watching
Pujinka's face darken, Tshurka added, with a smirk, that
perhaps he would be so kind as to sit down again, before he
brought dishonor upon the soul of their father.

The gajo watched Tshurka and Pujinka with interest,
but said nothing as the brothers fought. Finally, Pujinka
stormed away from the fire, hurling curses at the mysterious
stranger. Several of the Lupines rushed after their leader, but

soon the camp grew quiet again. For the second time,
Laetshi asked the stranger to sit with them, and he com-
plied, smiling strangely at the young Romani girl


For a moment, silence reigned over the assemblage.
Then Tshurka asked the gajo to speak to them of his travels.
The stranger sighed deeply, butnodded, and began to tell his
tale.

The stranger told the Powara of the destruction of the
First City, of the deceit and treachery that had laid waste to
the accomplishments of the gaje. He told them of his flight
from the city shortly before its destruction — how he had
been cast out by the other men, and bore his solitude like a
beast of burden. He spoke of it with a distant sadness, as a
condemned man recounts his crime.

The Powara asked the stranger why it burdened him so;
they too had been cast out, but in their divorce from the gaje
they had found pride, not regret. The stranger could only
shake his weary head, for he had experienced nothing but
guilt and contrition since his earliest memories. He was a
monster, he said, a murderer who was cursed never again to
walk among the children of Eve.

Tshurka dismissed these abuses and invited the stranger
to travel with them for as longas he liked. After all, the baro
concluded, youareso like us, save that youhave nokumpania.
The man gawked at Tshurka, for he had never thought he
would find people who could accept him in his disgrace.
With a broad smile, he accepted Tshurka's offer, and the
stranget was welcomed into the Powara. Among the gaje, he
was called Caine, son of Adam and brother of Abel. But to
the Powara, he was known as Kaen.

Of course, Pujinka was not happy with these develop-
ments. However, at the urging of Tshurka's bride, Pujinka
remained with the kumpania, though he vowed never to
share his vurdon or his fire with Kaen. And this vow he kept,
even as the months rolled by.

As they traveled together, Tshurka came to know what
Kaen truly was: a shilmulo, one of the cold dead of myth and
legend. Though Tshurka did not turn Kaen away from the
kumpania, the baro forbade him to take nourishment from
any of the Powara. Kaen agreed, but in his heart he had
already begun to betray that promise.

Kaen grew to be well liked among the Powara, though
Pujinka and the other werewolves still showed him nothing
but scorn and aversion. Among the Rom who most admired
Kaen was Ravnos, Tshurka's eldest son. He was considered
a brash youth, with too much fire in his eyes and too many
dreams clouding his thoughts. In time, they said, he would
bean able baro, but not until the passions of his adolescence
faded into the confidence of an adult.

Raynos spent many nights with Kaen in his father's
vurdon, learning what he could about the shilmulo and their
ways. Tshurka grew uneasy at the way in which hisson's eyes
gleamed while Kaen spoke of his endless life, but he trusted
in Kaen's vow. In his naiveté, Tshurka had unknowingly
guaranteed the birth of our clan.

One night, as the kumpania camped outside one of the
hamlets of the gaje, the Powara were startled by a distant cry for

Chapter Two:

The Persecuted +


help. Knowing that Tshurka and some of the other men had not
retumed from the village, Ravnos led a group of Rom toward the
town, fearing in his heart for the safety of his father. When they
arrived in the town square, Ravnos' fears were confirmed.

The Powara, it seemed, had not been the only noctur-
nal visitors in the town. A group of shilmulo had also come
that night to feed off the sleeping gaje. When their
interrupted by Tshurka and his men, the mudo fell upon

ast was

them like crazed animals, so drawn were they to the power
in the Romani Blood. Though they fought with all their
strength, Tshurka and the other Powara soon fell to the
might of their undead attackers.

As Ravnos and his followers approached, the shilmulo
rose from their victims and licked their bloody lips, anxious
to drink more from the hearts of the Rom. One of the mulo
held Tshurka's lifeless body in one hand, while the baro's
dark blood still dripped from the shilmulo's teeth. The mulo
laughed at the terrified Powara men, and tossed Tshurka's
body at their feet. "This is the fate," the shilmulo said, "that
awaits all of you wandering dogs."

Seeing his father lying still on the ground, Ravnos wept,
and through his tears hurled a frightful amria upon the mulo.
The mulo had never seen such a display of wrath, and they
backed away, unexpectedly frightened and confused. Perhaps

they sensed Kaen's mark upon the boy, or perhaps they saw the
power in his Blood, but the shilmulo fled, fearing that the curse
of Ravnos would blast them into the lowest hells.

Ravnos lifted the corpse of his father from the road, and
slowly walked back to the camp. He walked with a set
purpose, and his steps led him to the door of Kaen's vurdon,
Kaen was waiting for him, for he had foreseen what ha
transpired that night.

nos pleaded with the shilmulo to give his father the
tumnimos, but Kaen already knew that Tshurka's corpse he
grown cold, and his soul was gone, beyond even the beckon-
ing of the eternal Embrace. Ravnosseethed in his futile rage,
and then turned his fiery eyes toward Kaen. No words
needed to be spoken between them; Kaen simply nodded
and wrapped the youth in his arms. Kaen wept blood as he
heard Ravnos' heart beat mightily inside his chest, then
lowered his lips to the young man's neck.

When Ravnos emerged from the vurdon, he found
Pujinka waiting. He wearily greeted his uncle, and told him
of Tshurka's death, and of the new life granted him by Kaen
But Pujinka had already sensed the change in his young
nephew, and he could contain his fury no further. His body
tippled with the change, and he charged forward, claws
bared for the attack.

In a swift rush of motion, Kaen interposed himself
between Ravnos and Pujinka. Feeling the monster's teeth
and claws tear into him, Kaen lifted the man-beast as if he
were a child's toy and flung him across the camp. Pujinka
howled in pain as he crashed to the ground. The other
Lupines yielded to their rage and shifted into their mon-


strous forms. They turned their snarling faces upon Kaen,
and murmured of his death as they began to approach the
vurdon. Ravnos, still weak from the tumnimos, was unable to
summon the strength to act.

However, it was not Ravnos who halted the charging
Lupines, nor was it the undead strength of Kaen. It was
Laetshi, still just a child, who stepped between the angry
werewolves and their shilmulo prey. It was Laetshi who
barred the Lupines'
— of her visions, of her Sight. She spoke with a wisdom and

way. And it was Laetshi who spoke then

grace belying her young body, and even the Children of
Sarrath could not deny that they felt her power.

Laetshi told them of the dreams that had plagued her
sleep: dreams of monstrous men who would destroy the
Powara as they slept, drinking both their blood and their
souls. She told them that she had seen Kaen in her dreams,
and that she had sought him out, so that he might bring his
blood to the Rom.

Ravnos had been chosen, she said, to leada new family,
to protect the Rom from all the other shilmulo. Without
Ravnos, Laetshi continued, the Powara — and indeed, all
the Rom — would come to serve the mulo as so many of the
gaje did. Just as they had taken Tshurka, they would descend
upon all the Rom, trying to capture the powers of the Blood.
Only by accepting the blood of Kaen, she said, could Ravnos
lead his new family to stop them. She begged Pujinka to put
away his anger: They were all Rom, and as surely as he was
her uncle, Ravnos was still her brother.

Pujinka was deeply moved by Laetshi's passion, and he
backed away from the vurdon. But his anger did not abate
entitely. With a-cruel tongue he damned Kaen ‘and his
blood, and he gathered his people around him as he spoke.
The sons and daughters of Sarrath, he said, would not travel
with the shilmulo anymore. Ifitwas destiny that Ravnos lead
anew family, so be it — but it was the ending of the Powara.
And indeed it was.

Pujinka led the werewolves away from Kaen and his

childe, away from Laetshi, away fromall the other Rom who
chose to remain. He called his new family the Lupinos, and
to this day they will not speak of the Powara. Though they
know us to be their cousins, their anger is still strong, and

has never ceased

their fight against their enemi

as their baro;
Kaen. But Kaen had shared in
Laetshi's vision, and he knew he could no longer travel

The remaining Rom looked to Ravn

Ravnos, in turn, looked to

among the Rom. He taught Ravnos to use the powers to
which we have grown accustomed: to commune with the
wild beasts, so that our horses would not fear us; to find the
stamina to endure the punishment of the shanglo with an
unnatural resilience. But the greatest gift, our Chimerstry,
was unknown even to Kaen, the sire of all the shilmulo. Itwas
Laetshi who would teach this gift to Ravnos, and it remains
our most closely guarded secret. After Kaen had disappeared
again into the desert, the young baro and his family contin-
ued their endless wandering. But from that day onward, we
called ourselves the Ravnos.

Chapter Two:


Ravnos and Ennoia

Legends of our founder do notend in those distant nights. Many tales are told of our founder's suffering at the hands of the gaje,

of his flight fronvangry shilmmido and his triumphs over the other foolhardy clans. Though these stories are plentiful, there is no proof
of their validity: However, one myth stands as an accepted truth, and may explain the superficial similarities between Clans Rawnos
and Gangrel.

After Kaen's departure, Ravnos led the kumpania wrth passion and imagination. Aided by his
sister's visions, the Family grew strong again, and Ravnos sired several ehilder From among them,
However, Laetsh would not; accept the tumnimos from ber brother, and grew into a beautiful
woman.

Jn time, Ravnos and his Family came to stand before the gates of another great city. Jn beauty
and majesty it rivaled Enoch, but inthe streets hung the stal¢ auraof death, and the Ravnos knew
they had found the city of the muto. Unafraid, the Ravnos set their. camp outside the city, and
prepared to venture into the erty For the Food and blood hoarded mside its walls.

As they began to Light theincampfires, however, their attention was drawn to.a young woman
being cast out of the erty by the shanslo. Uoung and beautiful, she Looked as though she might have
been a child of the Rom, with dark eyes and raven hair, Several oF the Rom approached her, with
young Ravnos Leading them.

They called out to her as she cursed the guards, who paid no attention to her venom. She turned
to face the oncoming Rom, and suspiciously eged their movements as Raynos offered her their
hospitality. At First, the goung woman frowned skeptically, but upon seeing the children playing
i) the camp, she accepted Ravnos' invitation and joined them.

Her name, sh¢ said, was, Chnoia, and she bad been Living in the great city for some time until
one of her Lovers, jealous of her infidelity, had used bis influence to have her branded asa thief and
banished from the erty. Though Laetshi, now a full-grown woman, distrusted Ennoia's story, her
brother was deeply moved by her plight, and impulsively invited her to stay Gmong them, Ennoia
accepted, and the downfall of our Founder was thus ensured: \

Epnoid and Raynos became fast Friends; she had traveled extensively, ds he had, and they spent
long nights resaling ach other with stories of their journeys. Their secret Forays nto the city

were filled with many adventures, but those stories bave Long been Forgotten. Though the other

Rom grew weary of their stay by the great erty, Ravnos was reluctant to leave, caught as be was
i Ennoia's spell. \s time passed, the Friendship between Ravnos and, Ennoia save way to deeper
emotion, and they became lovers, Jt was not long before she too was of our blood,

AS the Ravnos family datlied ever Longer by the gates of the city, theyattracted the attention
of the erty's masters, the other childer of Kaen. They became infuriated by the Ravnes' deception
Gnd trickery, for it, was ‘an embarrassment to their control over the gaye. When their spies (earned
that the leader of these Gypsies. was shilmulo, they became even more incensed, and they set about
to have him killed. These attempts Failed, and the mulo could only scream out their Fury to the
cold, uncaring stars,

€pnoia, for her part, was also growing weary of ber unfe with the Ravnos. As‘a child of Lylith,
She was not accustomed to following the orders of any man, even if he was the baroof her adopted
Family. The seeds of betrayal began to growin ber heart, until one night she ventured. off alone
into the great erty, to seek out the mulo who ruled it.

She struck a terrible bargain with the ancient undead; she. would deliver Ravnos to them, and
with bis death, she would be the new baro, They, in turn, would regain both their Lost honor.and
control of the city's kine. She agreed to lead the troublesome Gypsies Gway From the' crty in
exchange for their help, and with the deal thus resolved, she stole back to the Ravnes camp.

Epnola went to Ravnos and told him of a great hoard of gold that the sfilmuloof the city kept

hidden in their treasury. Ft would be only fitting, she reasoned, to take the sold and hidesrt, then

watch the foolish mule tear down the walls of their own city to Find it. Ravhosy still blinded by
his Love for Ennoia, agreed.

q


As they left the camp, Laetsh appeared before. them. She bade her brother to stay; after all,
dawn would soon be upon them. Ft would do him Nd'<00d tofFind himself trapped inside the city when
the sun rose. The malo, she said, had: many spies and. agents Lagatto them, who could easily Find
him while he slept. She reminded him of the attempts they had made to end.his Life, of the narrow
escapes he had made in the preceding weeks.

"Fear not," Ravnos told her. *"Mydestiny does not end here. By sunrise the mulo will, be
ravaging their own city, and 7 will be-asleep back in my vurdon under the ciderdowns."" And with
that, he left Laetshi, and brazenly ventured into the city with Ennora.

As his sister bad feared, Ravnos and Ennoia did not return by sunrise.

Worried for her brother's Life, Laetsin used her powerful Sight to Find him. And Find him she
did, his body nailed to the rooftop of the great temple, burning wn the sun. As his screams echoed
in her mind, Laetshi wept, for she knew she could never reach him in time to save him. She reached
out to him, and comforted her brother's Frightened mind as his unuife was extinguished. As the Last
of fis blood boiled, the siblings said Farewell For the Final time.

Aster he was gone, Lactshi dried her eyes and bid her visions cease — and a single thought
passed through ber ike an icy wind. Where was Ennoia? Her brother had suffered in solitude upon
that rooftop; Ennoia was not with him. Again, she used her Sight, this time to Find her brother's
lover, friend and childe, Laetshi found her sleeping peacefully, wrapped.n darkness deep within the
lair of the mulo, dreaming of her return to the Ravnos to claim her place as baro,

Seeing this, Lactshi flew into a Frenzy that would have put fear nto the heart of the bravest
Lupine. She destroyed the tools that provided her with the Sight; she clawed at her face with her
hands until she bled. \s the other yuvindo watched in horror, she burned the vurdon that Ennoia
shared with Ravnos, hurling curses into the flames. And when her Fury Fnally subsided, Lactshi told
the Ravnos what had occurred, and instructed them to make preparations for what was to follow.

‘The Following night, Ennoia crept away From the havens of the mulo, rehearsing, the story with
which she would deceive the other Ravnos. Jn his recklessness, she would say, Ravnos had taken
too Long in the coffersof the city's Kindred, and had been captured by their minions. She had
managed to escape, Finding refuge In a granary nearby, where she had escaped both the ravages
of the sun and the muto's servants. The Last words Ravnos had spoken were that she should carry
on 1p his place, as bare, and lead the Ravnos Far. from the erty.

When she reached the camp, however, she quickly found that her crime had already been
discovered. She was ambushed by several of Ravnos' childer, and they dragged her before an
assemblage of the Rom. Presiding over the assembly were the elders that would serve as ber
Krisatora.

Laetshi had done well: She had used what ttle strength remained to her to summon the elders
of the Families together, so that they might pass solakh upon so great a trespass, Even fouyinka
had answered ber call, and he smiled at Ennoia with a Ferocious anger that chilled her blood.

And thus Ennoia's kris began. Ft lasted well nto the night; Laetshi's accusations were vicious
and detailed, and Epnoia found herself unable to respond. As the krisatora began to question her,
she found her deceptions suddenly transparent, her excuses weak and useless. Laetshi spoke again,
revealing the visions she had received of. Ennoia's betrayal of her sires fyecoming impatient For her
solakh, the assembled Rom hurled curses at Epnoia, who began to grow defiant as the ceremony
continued, As the night wore on, she started to curse back atithe Rom, until Finally the krisatora
was no longer able to maintam any order,

Suddenly, the assembled Rom Felt a great power swell over them, and they fell silent. Ennoia
too grew quiet wrth unease, as she Felt the presence of aigreater Fury than all the Rom together
had shown her. And From the shadows, Kaen stepped Forward ito the Firelight. Several of the
Ravnos bowed their heads to him, but all of his inbuman rage was Focused on Ennoia, who shrank
away From him as he approached.

Jn the silence that followed, Kaen.addressed the krisatora. "J mean no disrespect,"' he began,
"by truding on this kris. Tshurka taught me well of this tradition. J have come to pass judgment
on this wretched creature who bas destroged my best-Loved son.'"

Introduction +


‘The krisatorawas thrown into confusion. Who was this gajo, they said, to pass judgment? Never
before had such an event occurred, As they argued among themselves, rt was Joujinka's voice that
rose, clear and strong, above the din.

"Jam fouinka, brother of Tshurka and baro of the Lupinos,"' he shouted. "J am uncle to Ravnos,
and Jam eldest among the Powara. This mulois as much Ravnos' Father as Tshurka was. His solakh
will stand in place of mine, for his anger with this woman is surely as great as our own."

The krsatora fell silent, For rt had been many gears since the fowara Family had been spoken
of in private, Let alone before a kris. After a moment, they relinquished the speaking of the solakh
to the stranger standing before them,

Nodding at fouyinka, Kaen slowly approached Ennoia. She shied away From him, but the power
in his words held her transfixed. His voice was very soft, but his eyes betrayed his savage anger.
Standing over her, Kaen began Ennoia's solakh.

You are lke a beast — and so a beast you shall become. Stripped From you are the love
and loyalty of Family; though you mag never stop your wandering, you will always travel
alone. Never agam will you know the joy of company. When your anger seizes you, when you
&lve In to the temptations that made you lead my son to slaughter, then will you see more of
the beast in your own Face, until you will no longer be able to bear the sight of your own
reflection. Gone, too, is the magic in the blood you stole From Ravnos. Jnstead, learn to
imitate the animal you are. Vou will steep beneath the soi, uke the dead, for never again will
you know the comfort of a vurdon. You are no longer of the Ravpos. Now so, and in going,
know that you are nothing.

‘When Kaen bad finished, the Rom remained silent, for never before had they heard such a
terrible curse. [ausing only briefly to nod again at Puymnka, Kaen disappeared into the nisht.

€nnoia snarled speechlessly in rage and horror. Dropping to all Fours ike an animal, tears of
blood streaming down a face already bearing resemblance to a snout, she padded away into the
Night. jn the nights since then, Cnnoia has spread her blood — and Kaen's curse. Once of Clan
 Ravnos, she wanders the world to this night, the founder of the clan called Gangrel..

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


Outsiders
Looking In

Now you know of the ancient foundations of my clan;
however, our story does not stop there. Throughout the
history of the gaje, we Ravnos have always been present.
Though the Kindred have ever tried to forbid us entrance to
their walled prisons, we have laughed at their folly and gone
among them all the same. Their treasures we have made our
own, and their slaves have nourished our thirst, and their
thralls we have beguiled to our service. And on the Last
Night, when the dead gods rise ravening from their crypts,
we will leave the gaje to their gilded tombs with a laugh and
wave.

The Ancient World

My clan came of age in the far lands, in the expanses of
the South and East. The Ravnos tarried in the Indus Valley
fora time, near that city which mortals have named Mohenjo
Daro. They walked among the Dravidians, and they dealt
with the ancient vampires whoruled them, and they saw the
other Children of Caine lead their chariot-borne armies
into the valley on missions of conquest and pillage. The
yampires of Mohenjo Daro were overwhelmed, and fled into
the uttermost East — but before they fled, they cursed their
Cainite enemies, and swore to avenge themselves one

night, in the names of Kali and Yama. The others have
forgotten this, but the Ravnos have not.

When the Children of Sarrath rose up to combat Set,
many of their Ravnos cousins were present to aid them.
Though the shilmulo were able to confuse Set's forces, even
this combined effort between the two Gypsy families was
not enough to thwart the Antediluvian.

When the Silent Striders were forced to flee Egypt,
many of the Ravnos who had come to aid them were
captured by the dark Antediluvian's forces. Through trick-
ery, all buta handful of these shilmulo managed to eseape, but
those who could not escape were never heard from again.

In 420 BC, almost 10,000 Gypsy performers from India
were "imported" to Persia by Bahram Gour, and the Ravnos
were among them. These Ravnos made use of both their
musical and Chimerstry talents, thereby winning over many

ine. However, the Ravnos did not begin to travel out

and South en masse until much later. Though no

accurate records remain detailing the reasons behind this
sudden exodus, one story suggests that my clan was driven
out of the desert by several Assamite campaigns staged to
destroy the clan, and to enslave the few Ravnos who
survived the ma:
encountered Clan Assamite, so the story goes, they wel-

acres. When the touring Ravnos first

comed the strangers into their camps, in an attempt to
further their relations with the other shilmulo. This gesture
was rewarded with bloody constraint; the Assassins, for

Chapter Two: The Persecuted


their part, saw my clan as but a stepping stone on which to
continue their journey of diablerie.

For whatever reason, the kumpaniyi of Clan Ravnos
slowly roamed out of their homeland, and began to wander
the vast lands of the Old World.

The Middle Ages

By the Middle Ages, georgio Ravnos had spread across
Eurasia, creating a network of black-market contacts and
notorious so-called "free ports," where trade flourished.
Ravnosalso cultivated the trade routes established between
mainland Europe and the mysterious East, and profited
greatly by the increasing European interest in foreign lands.

Along the shores of the Mediterranean, the Ravnos
began to build strongholds in the cities of the gaje. Through
their influence in the burgeoning underworld, my sires
found themselves in competition with the Setites, who had
also begun to take an active interest in the underground
marketplace. In a rare gesture, the Ravnos struck a bargain
with the Followers, and forgave (though they did not forget)
any past offenses. Alas, my sires neglected to spit into their
palms when so bargaining — and all know that the Setites
have no honor. And so there were unavoidable misunder-
standings, and violent disputes interrupted otherwise
peaceful nights in Baghdad, Alexandria and Constantinople.

In Eastern Europe, the Ravnos brazenly infiltrated the
crumbling domains of the Tzimisce. The voivodes found

themselves unable tocontrol the influx of the Gypsy shilmulo,
and began to use their gaje slaves to destroy them. In the
chaotic battles that ensued, the Tzimisce often found their
most prized artifacts falling into Ravnos hands. Many of
those treasures are still passed among the Raynos today,
becoming priceless samadji to families lucky enough to
control them — though it were well not to display these
trinkets too boldly when passing through Sabbat territory.
When the Crusaders began to march, these foreign
invaders found no resistance among my clan. As wars
erupted around them, the Ravnos cheerfully welcomed
theirnewfound "saviors." Though their true religion did not
change, the Ravnos accepted the preaching of the Crusad-
ers, citing an age-old Gypsy proverb, "May mishto les o thud
katar i gurumni kai tordjol." (It is easier to milk a cow that
stands still.) While the Setites and Assamites fought like
jackals against the tide of Christianity, the Ravnos went
about business as usual, in the process usurping the trades
and markets left unattended by the squabbling Setites.

The Age of Gypdies

It was during the Renaissance that Gypsies became
truly abundant in Western Europe. In fact, the nascent
literature of the time began to romanticize the Rom for their
foreign looks and mysterious abilities, and Romani perform-
ers were highly prized at gaje fairs and festivals. Of course,
many of my clan came hidden among the kumpaniyi that
flocked into the newly opened territory.

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


For the first time, Ravnos had access to the long-
forbidden strongholds of the mulo, and were quick to reap
the rewards of acceptance. Many members of my clan served
as entertainers in the courts of the mulo, where they became
known for their wondrous illusions and quick wit. Though
the gaje mocked these Ravnos for their wild appearance and
dark flesh, it was the Ravnos who laughed loudest as they
walked away with the mulo's gold.

However, Europe did not prove to be another Eden for
my people, especially the juvindo. As they traveled, they
encountered scorn and prejudice from the gaje townsfolk,
who were unfamiliar with the Gypsies' lifestyle. In the
conflicts that followed, many kumpaniyi were driven away
from the communities of the gaje, and the swift retaliation
of the Ravnos was more damaging than helpful; the Raynos
would sweep through a town, fleecing money, property and
blood from the befuddled gaje. Though motivated by good
intentions, their crimes only
of the G s
The georgio walked here

strengthened the gaje opinion

brigands, liars, sorcerers and thieves.

is well; many lone Raynos
predators caused no end of trouble for mulo, gajeand Romani
alike, while the mysterious Chozzai family settled in the
Jewish ghettos and shtetls of E:
Ravnos did what they could to protect a people nigh as

stern Europe. These insular

oppressed as the Rom, and many Chozzai became formida-
bly skilled in the kabbalistic arts

The New World

Like all the shilmulo save the most malaise-ridden, the
Ravnos quickly became fascinated with the idea of an
unexplored continent. As colonies sprang up along the
coast, ships from the Old Country bore entire kumpaniyi of
Ravnos stowaways to the New World. Many of these were
georgio, fleeing gaje or Romani justice for crimes and atroci-
ties, and to this night the Ravnos of the Americas are best
known as wastrels and marauders.

When these first Ravnos began to roam the land, they
found a variety of surprises awaiting them. Clan Gangrel
had already influenced the Native Americans, whoshunned
contact with any Ravnos they encountered. Many of the
tribes also had allies among the Lupines, and the Ravnos
were hard pressed to avoid outright slaughter by the Native
American werewolves. Only through an ingenious use of
Chimerstry to divert the nascent Camarilla, Sabbat and
Lupine forces into a bloody three-way war did Clan Ravnos
escape annihilation. Even then, many Raynos felt it wise to
cross the Appalachians into the unknown.

As the Ravnos traveled into the west, they made an
astonishing discovery among the Native Americans of that
region: Their tribes harbored shilmulo who possessed abili-
ties much like those of the Ravnos. These Kindred he

legends of their origins in a distant land, and they held the

ai)

Chapter Two:

The Persecuted ae


trickster totems of Raven and Coyote in highest esteem.
The Ravnos called these shilmulo the "Ravnos Neve" (New
Ravnos), and more idealistic clan members allied them-
selves with these Native Americans in their bloody and

ultimately unsuccessful r

istance against the gaje settlers. (1
am sad to say that just as many georgio "neglected to spit into
their palms" when dealing with the Neve.) Strangely,
stories of the Ravnos Neve persist, though that bloodline is
largely thought to have been driven to extinction at the
hands of gaje soldiers.

By the time of the American Revolution, all of the
larger cities were fully controlled by the mulo, and the

Ravnos stayed well away from what they perceived as a

squabble of the gaje. To the Ravnos, it seemed ridiculous to
swear allegiance to any government, as this was just a
symptom of the gaje's sickness. When America finally won
its independence, my clan had noc

use to celebrate; under
the British governors, the Rom were largely ignored in the
face of more urgent administrative concerns.

Astime passed, however, the Ravnos grew accustomed
to life in America. Many families continued to travel back
and forth between New World and Old, maintaining con-
tacts with the European Rom. Other kumpaniyi remained
purely American, eventually losing their ties with the
Ravnos of Europe. These families are not well loved by
phralmulo traditionalists.

World War Il

When the armies of the Third Reich began to march,
the Ravnos plunged into a phase of denial along with
thousands of the juvindo. After the initial shock of the troop
movements, the Rom, and the Ravnos along with them,
quickly became accustomed to the presence of the goose-
stepping soldiers. And why not? They were polite, loved
good drink and song, and let the Gypsies travel freely.

Then things changed. Food was rationed; many starved
during the severe shortages that followed. Through trickery,
phralmulo Ravnos were able to provide for their kumpaniyi,
making alliances in the underground food trade and obtain-
ing false papers. In short order, my clan began to form a
monopoly on these criminal activities, and began supplying
stolen ration cards and forged identification to several
resistance groups.

However, as the deportations continued and the perse-
cution of Jews and homosexuals whipped to a fever pitch,
my clan faced a new dilemma: Entire kumpaniyi were also
vanishing, and stories surfaced of the Nazis' infiltration by
Camarilla parasites, in particular the Tremere. Soon, word
reached them of the wholesale slaughter of Gypsies in the
concentration camps, and the Ravnos' worst fears were
confirmed: The Nazis intended to destroy the Rom outright
—and the ever-opportunistic Tremere, seeking an end to

oe Clanbook: Ravnoos


the Gypsy Kindred who remembered their crimes and
outraged their sensibilities, planned to use the gaje's geno-
cide as a cover to eradicate the Ravnos. After centuries of
persecution and defiance, it seemed that the Camarilla was
preparing to play out the final trump.

This knowledge created a schism inside Clan Ravnos.
Many felt that remaining in Europe would only hasten their
destruction — that survival depended on fleeing to North-
em Africa, or even farther, to America. Another group
spoke out, preaching torpor as the method to escape Nazi
persecution. While the war raged overhead, the Ravnos
could slumber peacefully under the earth, and awaken to
find the conflict resolved.

Other members of my clan were not so quick to admit
defeat. Acquiring weapons and information from the resis-
tance groups they had supplied, these Ravnos turned their
energies away from criminal activities and launched them-
selves into direct insurgency and guerrilla war against the
Nazis. The campaigns staged by my clan proved devastating;
existing for countless generations in the shadows of the gaje,
the Ravnos were able to travel in secrecy, strike out at their
enemies, and disappear again without leaving a trace of their
passing. Though guile in preparation and chaos in aggres-
sion, the Ravnos slowed the operations of their oppressors to

Chapter Two:

a crawl in many areas. But we were few, and the Reich's
armies too vast to stop.

Many of the juvindo were not accustomed to such
violence, and chose to try to live as they always had,
traveling in peace. These nonaggressors were quickly blamed
for the crimes of my clan, and were rounded up by Nazi
troops. The Ravnos soon discovered that they could not
continue to fight against the Nazis without sacrificing their
people.

Driven by fear of extinction, a few Ravnos tried to
assault certain concentration camps. They discovered an
abominable truth: Many of Europe's vampires — yea, even
the "noble" Inconnu—stalked the camps by night, exploit-
ing the Nazis' barbed wire for their personal feeding pens.
Against so many "Kindred" even the Ravnos could not
prevail, and so Auschwitz and Belsen, Treblinka and Ponari
and all the rest stood until the end of the war.

Adding insult to injury, other bands of georgio and
phralmulo also infiltrated the camps, but fed on captured
Romrather than aiding them. They were not thesole reason
why so many Rom fell to typhus, noma and dysentery, but
their careless feeding certainly exacerbated the spread of
countless loathsome diseases. Unfortunately, the entire
clan paid a severe price for the attacks of these treacherous

The Persecuted oe


shilmulo: Even today, many of the juvindo believe that the
Ravnos were among the clans who used the camps for
massive blood feasts.

Finally, the war ended, and my people began to pick up
the pieces of their shattered lives — and unlives. The war
had scattered my clan: Many families had fled to America,
while those who had remained had brought disabled Rom
and even gaje into the clan, disgracing and weakening the
blood of Ravnos.

In the first months after the war, such an unreasoning
hatred of the Camarilla existed that many Ravnos turned to
the Sabbat, believing that the enemies of our enemies would
be our friends. They are now entirely lost to us, drowned in
the Vaulderie of theit marhime allies, Other Ravnos became
obsessed with, vengeance, and they too became estranged
from their families. The shame that the surviving elders felt
could be heard in their dire predictions of the downfall of
our entire clan. Yes, the appalling events of that time have

dramatically altered the clan forever.

The Information Age

Today, the struggle to remain untraceable presents a
constant challenge. With metal spying machines circling
the globe, and billions of dollars poured into the pursuit of

such arcana as "demographics" and "market tracking," the
Ravnos have found that the simplest transaction in the gaje
world can provide clues into their habits, patterns of move-
ment, and even favorite swindles. Global
telecommunications have enabled governments and police
to keep up-to-the-minute files on millions of people; many
Ravnos elders feel that it will only be a matter of time before
the shanglo can track their very footprints.

However, though technology has made anonymity
difficult, it has also made the modern tools of deception
more accessible to members of my clan. A blip ina Ventrue's
database can be pilfered as easily as a Toreador's El Greco
original, and high-resolution computer programs have made
the once-troublesome art of forgery much easier. Even in
this modern age, Ravnos continue to keep close contacts
among forgers and other high-technology criminals.

Even today, there are still vast regions of land in which
the Ravnos can travel in relative freedom. Avoiding the
cities of the gaje completely, many kumpaniyi live as they
always have, under a veil of mystery and isolation. These
Raynos stick to regions of Eastern Europe, Northern Africa,
and the rural Americas, where the technology of the times
has been slow to surface.

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


A World of
G ie
ypoies

We are a widely traveled people. Clan Ravnos has
never been much for settling down, after all.

Through our endless wandering, we Ravnos have expe-
rienced firsthand all the dangers, mysteries, enemies and
allies that the timid mulo whisper of in their cloistered
havens. Because of our continued goodwill with our juvindo
families, we have vicariously enjoyed the daylight world as
well.

However, everywhere that my clan has gone, we have
encountered fear, prejudice and hatred. Often preceded by
representatives of Clan Gangrel, Ravnos have faced great
opposition resulting from the crimes and lies of that marhime
clan, Soon, entire countries seemed determined to close
their borders to my clan, though their attempts were laugh-
ably futile.

In spite of this adversity, the Ravnos have managed to
spread their blood across the globe, and several families have
risen into prominence in their chosen countries.

Europe

Ever since the Renaissance, the Ravnos have looked to
Europe as a shining jewel of opportunity. Throughout the

land, Ravnos have always found their "services" greatly in
demand: fortunetelling, entertaining, or trafficking infor-
mation or illegal merchandise. Though most Ravnos travel
in and out of Europe indiscriminately, some kumpaniyi have
become settled throughout the region, cultivating their ties
among both the gaje and the mulo.

In Spain, Ravnos of the Gitano family are renowned for
talents in song and dance, and continue to be invited to the
parties of the Spanish Toreador. The Juna in England have
survived the numerous attempts of the mulo-riddled monar-
chy to destroy them, and now travel freely among the rolling
hills and majestic mountains of Great Britain. In Germany,
the Sinti were once a potent force in the black markets of
East Berlin. When the Berlin Wall fell, largely due to the
influence of the Ventrue, they lost this sovereignty to the
eager claws of the Giovanni and Lasombra.

To the Ravnos who have chosen to remain itinerant,
Europe is still a favorite touring route, where the living is
easy under the shadow of the powerful Camarilla. While the
mulo scheme against the Sabbat and against each other, the
Ravnos are often left unattended, an opportunity few of my
clan would pass up carelessly.

Eastern Europe

Believed by the gaje to be the birthplace of the Rom,
this region is populated with phralmulo of various families. In
Hungary and Romania, touring families of Ravnos still

Chapter Two:

The Persecuted a


wander the countryside, though conflicts with Tzimisce,
lone Gangrel or werewolf packs are not uncommon. The
Ravnos of these countries still exist as they have for centu-
ries; much of the countryside remains free from the influence
of the modern age, and this is where many kumpaniyi still
roam. However, most Ravnos scrupulously avoid the former
Soviet bloc, as the events transpiring within are by all
accounts not for the timid.

The Former Soviet Union

Long ago, the abundant steppe of Mother Russia was
free and open country, inviting both the Ravnos and the
juvindo into her fertile bosom. However, political turmoil
and ethnic strife have turned the former Soviet Union into
a wasteland. Many shilmulo vanished in the chaos of the
times, and the Kindred began to whisper of dark forces, long
dormant, that stirred behind the fallen Iron Curtain.

Because of this, the region is shunned by the mulo, but
especially courageous Ravnos families still tour the vast
lands once contained within the Soviet Bloc. These in-
trepid phralmulo bear allegiance to the legendary Ravnos
elder Durga Syn, and she has allegedly told them many

secrets of what is transpiring in old Russia.

Asia

Not for the Ravnos are the dank dungeons of the
European mulo. The stars shining over desert caravans, the
wail of flutes in jungle temples, the smell of lotus blossoms
beside limpid pools — these things nurtured the Ravnos.
Accordingly, Ravnos have long wandered the wastes of
Asia, where other Children of Caine fear to walk. Of all
clans, we Ravnos know the most about the mysterious
Eastern Kindred — though even among my kind this
knowledge is a closely guarded secret, and relations have
been far from universally friendly. (After all, one can only
view mounds of opals, golden statues of the Buddha and the
Maharaja's emerald crown for so long before one must
borrow these things...)

Many georgio families, and a few phralmulo besides,
haunt the East. One in particular, the Vritra, is reputed to
have merged the beliefs of Hinduism with the teachings of
the Path of Paradox. The Vritra has developed tenuous
alliances with some of the Indian shilmulo, and rumors have
spread that these enigmatic Kindred are the newest con-
verts onto the Path.

Though mainland Asia is shunned by the mulo, a few
kumpaniyi are tolerated in these lands, especially the family
Kalderash, whose travels have penetrated as far as Bactria


and Western China. However, the Kalderash have warned
that the Kindred native to the region would not readily
ss with
the Kalderash, most families do not travel into the territory.

accept an influx of our clan. Unless they have busin

Africa

After centuries of struggle against the Setites and
Assamites, all but the most traditional families have aban-
doned the desert, finding a greater promise for the future in
the nations beyond the sands.

The Ravnos who have chosen to remain face the same
dangers that threatened their sires. The Setites are firmly
entrenched in Egypt, and do not tolerate the presence of the
Ravnos in Cairo, their stronghold. However, during and
after the Second World War, the Ravnos managed to secure
a place for themselves in Tangiers, where Ravnos fleeing
Europe still turn to obtain false papers or book hasty passage
to another-part of the world.

South of the Ivory Coast, roaming bands of hunter-
gatherers are as old as time itself, and it is no surprise that
Ravnos dwell among them. In constant conflict with Lu-
pines and even more bizarre shapeshifters, these resilient
shilmulo have managed to remain free, traveling with the
Masai and other wandering tribes. Though they have accu-
mulated neither wealth nor fame, these African Ravnos
seem content to travel in lands seldom visited by the mulo.

The Americas

Though kumpaniyi from nearly all the Romani families
tour the New World, both North and South America are
truly controlled by the georgio.

In the United States, roving gangs of georgio terrorize
the countryside, looting the treasure-troves of the Camarilla
and Sabbat alike. To avoid capture, the georgio have allied
themselves with gaje similarly motivated, forming splinter
groups of large biker gangs like the Hell's Angels or sets of
violent street gangs like the fabled Bloods and Crips. Other
georgio have taken to following the droves of young people
who tour with traveling festivals and musical groups.

All of these georgio seem inevitably drawn to the so-
called "Free State" that was established by Clan Brujah in
the 1950s. The "Idealists" rage rivals that of the most
reactionary princes when they are the ones on the short end
of our jests — but that makes the game all the more fun, lam
told. The presence of the more violent georgio may help to
explain the anarchistic nature of many of the cities in
southern California.

In Sabbat-haunted South America, however, only chaos
reigns. Little reliable information has leaked out of these
regions, but stories tell of terrible blood feasts, and of the
forcible conversion of many georgio into the ranks of the
antitribu. Though the dangers of the area seem apparent, the
georgio seem to think themselves invincible, and continu-
ally flock to cities like Cancun and Rio de Janeiro.

Chapter Two:

The Persecuted P


i

a
||

AS

NY Ps
Uae 4
i) } r ae
iB aaa th Le
fae) TTT
4 3 [ ——
i ff ey
i. f y
i /
Lh
£ a
oa
=a


this is also the
traditions aboy,

explain eithef®
shilmulo.

In our pride,

tried repeatedly to assimilate
the Rom from which we came. Though we

our culture, so that the next time you gaje grope

empty purse or curse our names as we ride off laugh
in your cars, you have at least gained a bit of uf

standing in return.

though there is no
believe that we de-

ply the most visible result of the constant struggles and
es that plague us from within.

hen a mulo speaks ofthe Ravnos, she is speaking only
hilmulo, for that is all she knows. However, the
are first and foremost a family, containing' both
fand undead blood. And even deeper, the undead
Clan Ravnos are thrice divided, between the
lo, the georgio, and the antitribu. All of these factions
‘onstant conflict, and only by understanding those

s can the clan itself be understood.


wo Ravines. a a
@ WhYavould Ravens deigt to consot wit

asilyoffet her spe
sushange ag

e powel erfullgeorgio who scx@wed dteethe
the troupe, and finds erself in an

The Phratmulo

The term phralmulo refers to Ravnos who were once
Rom themselves. Growing up in a kumpania, these
Ravnos benefit from a rich tradition and culture. From
childhood, many Rom, and especially those of the
Ravnos family, are aware of the existence of shilmulo.
Though this is a point of honor for the Ravnos, other
families are ill at ease with the presence of vampires in
a kumpania.

Chief among these families is the Tsurara, or Knife
Tribe. They are one of the youngest Gypsy families, and
have sworn to destroy all shilmulo, both gaje and Romani
Their elders teach their children that all shilmulo are
marhime, and that Romani vampires are a disgrace to
both nature and the Blood.

For the most part, however, Ravnos from all fami-
lies of Rom work together to achieve their goals. Though
they are not turned away from their juvindo families
after the tumnimos, all Romani shilmulo are considered
to be part of the Ravnos family following their death
and rebirth.

Ravnos choose their progeny among the Rom fora
variety of reasons. Neonates might be picked because
they are strong-minded or quick-witted, or simply be-
cause their sires could not bear to watch them grow old

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


and die. Many Ravnos are granted the tumnimos to
preserve their powers in the Blood. This may seem
contradictory, since the Embrace denies the Ravnos
the use of Blood Affinities (see A World of Darkness:
Gypsies), but in rare cases these phralmulo are given the
Romani blood they need to use the powerful talents for
which they were Embraced. However, this is always
done with great care, in order to prevent disaster.
Though the Ravnos (mortal and Kindred) is con-
sidered a family unto itself, the family also includes
"subfamilies" created through marriage or the tumnimos
Most of these subfamilies comprise fairly typical
phralmulo; a few of the more interesting ones follow.

Phuri Dae

Certain Ravnos Embraced from the far-seeing Phuri
Dae maintain their own family ties, though their greater
family is always the Ravnos. Phuri Dae Ravnos often
include Auspex in their Discipline repertoire and are
among the Raynos most knowledgeable about the Jyhad
(unlike many Ravnos, they understand themselves to
be a part of it whether they like it or not). In recent
years, certain Phuri Dae have begun speaking of
Gehenna, and of a "daughter of Eve" possessing a
crescent-shaped birthmark. Other Ravnos know not
what to make of the Phuri Dae's visions, though the
subfamily has always proved itself uncannily accurate
in its prophecies.

Urmen

Likewise, there are those among the fae-loving
Urmen who cannot bear to sever their ties to the sunlit
world. Urmen Ravnos typically master their Chimerstry
Discipline quickly, and prefer to-enend their Umeamid
the wilderness, consorting with their faerie kin. Cer-
tain unscrupulous Urmen, | am told, have a darker
motive for doing this: They enjoy the intoxicating
power of faerie blood, and these malicious Urmen often
specialize in tracking down the elusive fae folk and
murdering them for their vitae. Though this practice
has understandably gained the Urmen many enemies,
ingestion of fae blood often evokes all manner of bizarre
"tripping"
known to go on insane and destructive rampages, blast-
ing entire villages with wild magic.

powers. Ravnos on fae blood have been

Vritra

The Vritra family is not phralmulo, and does not
follow our ways — but Vritra claim lineage from the
most ancient Rom, and so we extend them honor. This
ancient family, I am told, dwells among the cities and
wilds of India and Pakistan. Their traditions are little
known to us, but they seem to observe rigid rules of
status, hunting and etiquette, and they are said to deal
with the mysterious vampires indigenous to South Asia.
Our elders whisper that the Vritra know many secrets of
the Paradox way, and Vritra have occasionally emerged

ity


from the East to aid us when dire trouble threatens the
Rom, They have as yet asked for no similar aid from us.

Kalderash

The family Kalderash has wandered a distant vurma
indeed; its members' steps have taken them into the
recesses of the uttermost East. Even more than the
Vritra, the Kalderash truck with those vampires who
plague the mulo's expansion into China and Japan. (And
therein lies the folly of the mulo, who would sooner
throw away their unlives than simply ask advice of the
lowly Ravnos!)

The Kalderash is a wealthy clan; in its dealings
(and, one suspects, less savory intercourse) with the
Eastern mulo, its members have amassed riches and
samadji of all sorts. But in their isolation they have
become strange to us, and only rarely do they return to
partake in the patshiv.

Wuzho

The phralmulo draw their numbers from every family
— even the Tsurara. Tsurara Ravnos are a truly savage
breed. Calling themselves the family Wuzho, these Kin-
dred are the self-proclaimed protectors of the Ravnos,
vowing the destruction of all other shilmulo. We fear these
fanatics, for they have gone to great lengths in the past to
"protect" the blood of the clan, destroying dozens of Kin-
dred in their attempt to eliminate our enemies. Most
Ravnos try to stay carefully informed of where Wuzho
travel, knowing that Ravnos may suffer Blood Hunts in
that region for many years to come.

The Piles

Ipissoftéwsaid.of Ravnos that few reach theit
second century. Those who gain theiame"eldery"
KiGwever} arn an honored place it/Ravnos s6ci-
éty, They preserve clan fore and oversee thé lan's
destiny, : ctiitg with a wisdom and foresight)

. acierrourh centuries Of experience.
4 only. theelders understand

lying and theft by. hae so were the Ravn MOS
absolved of théir damnation by Kaen. The Ravnos "
alone were Embraced to right the injustice of the

@inulo, and so they. are to serve Kaen's Will on the

a night of Gehenna, striving against the:machina~
tions. of Kaen's wayward and ravenous, childer:

6c Tsthis true; or nerely awishfulfancy? Onlyon
Gehenna, the elders see will the truth us
revealed.

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


The Duality of Lust

Cohabitation. between travelingkumpaniyi of
juvindo»and-their-shilmulo-relatives' is always
strained; due-t6.the enormous temptations that
luré the living fo the undead and Vice-versa,'In
any casés, even a'single vampire can spell disas-
ter fofyan unprepared kumpania, unless careful
Steps are taken| to. prevent vampiric urges'from
becoming uncontrollable:

Shilmalo who travel with these kumpaniyi find
it difficult'to control the tire to feed from living
Rom, and thus/regain their Blood Affinities and
the ther powers lost in the-tumnimos. Though it
mightséem harmléss torakea little blood from the
juvindo, the:tush of Romani blood can. become
quite addictive. Entire families havé heen killed
by a Shilmula they protected, as his® bloodlust
Overpowered his mindand droye him into frenzy.

For the juvindo, thesallure of che winninias
itself can beediffieult to resist: Confronted: each
night with: thé possibility of immortality,,many
youngRomfind themselves allured to theirRavnos
companions, andjwillingly hecomé Blood Dolls
forsthese;shilmul6>Many young Rom-haye- lost
their ‘Lives; "orhave beet eiven the: tumnimos
without theirparents' consent;-an-act-that:can
split-an.entire,family apatt.

The Georgio

These Ravnos share our blood without sharing our
culture. Embraced from the world of the gaje, the georgio
have brought shame upon Clan Raynos and inspired
nothing but contempt in eyes of other Kindred. Though
the georgio are not an exclusively American bloodline,
most of their number remain in the New World

As the youngest sect of the Raynos, they have no
real history to speak of. They have developed no inde-
pendent culture and have no uniform set of values or
beliefs; only a few georgio families have even acknowl-
edged their clan's history and traditions. Perhaps the
only trait they have inherited is their pride. Like the
phralmulo, they refuse to bow to the will of the other
mulo. However, even in their defiance they disgrace
their blood

When the mulo speak of the treachery, thievery
and impudence of the Ravnos, they are most likely
speaking of the georgio. Without the benefit of Romani
culture, these shilmulo cannot understand the urges of
their blood, and resort to wanton theft and deceit

Chapter Three: The Lost "f+


Roving in gangs that they mistakenly call kumpaniyi,
most georgio are not content until they have looted
everything of value from their targets before moving on
to another city, like locusts ruining the harvest.

In the years following the Second World War,
American georgio allied themselves with anarchs, hop-
ing to bring the Camarilla crashing to its knees.
Occasionally, the georgio succeeded in their efforts,
throwing princes and their primogen councils into
confusion so that the anarchs could
Though they were cautious enough to avoid extinc-

ize control.

tion, they made unlife even more difficult for the
phralmulo; many innocent Rom suffered for the crimes
of their gaje clanmates.

Not to be outdone, the georgio then turned on their
"alli
The re
or even years, allowing the georgio to pillage and plun-
der wl

," betraying their plans and havens to the shanglo.

ilting chaos plunged cities into strife for months

atever they liked from the embattled cities.
Packing their spoils into their vurdons, the georgio fled
the cities, leaving the mulo caught in carefully orches-
trated conflicts that had both sides guessing as to the
identity of their adversaries.

In the late ‘60s, however, these georgio underwent
an unexpected change. Motivated by the dramatic
events of that time, bands of georgio found themselves
traveling among a new breed of "American Gypsy," the
wandering hippies and beatniks that protested the
United States' involvement in the Vietnam War. Due
to these unlikely acquaintances, a new generation of
georgio was Embraced from within these groups. Of
course, these young Ravnos could not shed the urges of
their blood, and the sometimes violent confrontations
between the shanglo and this peaceful movement of the
gaje were likely exacerbated by the neonates' crimes
against "the establishment."

Georgio most often choose their progeny based on
their ability to trick or deceive others. They often
attempt to con or swindle the prospective neonate
a "test" of her ability. Hackers,
nal thieves and gangbangers sully the
ranks of the georgio. However, the georgio of the
Woodstock era have openly Embr.
among the ranks of alternative musicians, performance
artists or poets.

before Embracing her, as

conmen, profe

S

d neonates from


The Blood Curse

Yow, today, tomorrow and always
My only weakness is a list of crimes
— The Smiths, "Shoplifters of the World Unite"
We are thought to be a clan of thieves and liars.

Most vampires believe our criminal tendencies are
cemented by our blood — that our aspect of Kaen's
curse provokes our flippant disregard for law and order.

Like so many opinions of the gaje, this is both
scathingly accurate and remarkably shortsighted. The
urges that flow in the blood of Clan Ravnos are crimi-
nal, yes, but only to the gaje. We Ravnos derive our
ideas of what is right or wrong from our Gypsy heritage.

The Rom define stealing as taking out of greed.
Grazing horses on someone else's land is not wrong; the

grass would grow there anyway. Takinga pair of scissors

isnot a crime if one's hair needs cutting, and a Gypsy
would not mourn the loss of such an item if its useful-
ness had waned. For the Rom, stealing becomes a crime
only when motivated by desire; to take something

simply because one wants it is wrong, and such offenses

are severely punished among the Gypsies.

Like the Rom, we Ravnos place value not in posses-

sions, or property, or status in government and bus
the only thing of value is our freedom, the right to exist

as we always

ness;

have, traveling and living in a world apart

i at
be

from the other shilmulo. However, countless genera-
tions of Ravnos have been forced to fight for their
freedom — against governments who would hinder
their movements or armies that would destroy them
actions are criminal in

entirely. To my clan, th

nature, perpetrated against them by monstrous gaje and
outright monsters.

To retaliate against those who would oppress us,
then, we turn the tables, stealing or damaging those
things which our adversaries value: their cars, their
yachts, their money, even their careers and reputa-
tions. For Clan Ravnos, crime is not a way of unlife, but
a weapon to use against the mulo who would subjugate

them. We Ravnos do not steal for the joy of stealing; we

steal for the joy of knowing that we have injured our
enemies, in whatever small capacity.

The blood of the phralmulo, however, differs greatly
from the blood of the georgio. Though the phralmulo
understand the purpose of our trickery, the georgio are
often confused by the impulses in their Ravnos blood.
Whereas it can be said that the Blood Curse of the
phralmulo manifests in total and compulsive disregard
for the foolish laws of the foolish gaje, the Blood Curse
of the georgio truly does center on a particular breed of
crime, which the georgio must constantly resist. This is
the price the georgio pay for the dismissal of their
heritage

ry -_ «= BO FF
uo 2 a
‘ Lt id (s.
pepe oa
100 are) Li dL :
s fo ov j
J
100 1?
Hy s
F
5 Lh if
U

Chapter Three: The Lost

(


Yes, our blood compels us to lie, cheat and steal. But
it should never be said that the Ravnos are an untrust-
worthy clan; by showing trust and faith ina Ravnos, you
gaje can often alleviate the danger of having your pos-
sessions borrowed from you. Though this may be foolish
when dealing with the lawless georgio, phralmulo are
bound by a great sense of honor to those who honor
them — most of the time. However, it should be noted
that certain clans have committed such great offenses
against the Ravnos that even goodwill cannot save
them from our wrath. For these unfortunate mulo, |
extend my pity, but not my sympathy.

Kris

To the gaje we seem a lawless people, constantly

traveling in order to free ourselves from any burden of

responsibility. In many ways, this is true; my people do
not hold themselves accountable to the laws of the gaje
or the Traditions of the mulo. However, every culture
has its doctrines, and the Ravnos — and the Rom from
which they came — are no exceptions.

To resolve disagreements, Ravnos present their
argument before a council of their elders, ina ceremony
known as the kris. It is a kind of trial, though it differs
markedly from anything which gaje would consider law

or justice.

Few crimes dictate the formation of a kris, if for no
other reason that it might be weeks or months before
the dispute can be settled. Until several kumpaniyi meet

along the road, there cannot be enough elders present
to preside over the ceremony as the judges, the krisatora,
These individuals are highly respected, and are never
entirely composed of shilmulo. In fact, some kris are
delayed even longer because tradition dictates the pres-
ence of no fewer than four krisatora, two living and two
undead. (Hasty Ravnos have occasionally resorted to
the tactic of nocturnally abducting and "pressing" juvindo
into service, which can be quite disconcerting for those
Rom who previously knew the undead only as legends.)

Accusal

When the kris finally convenes, the complaints
and violations of tradition are presented in no patticu-
lar order. The wronged party speaks to the assembled
Rom, and to the krisatora in particular, stating the
nature of the crimes and any other information she feels
is important. She may also petition the krisatora for a
particular resolution, or a judgment that would be
favorable to her.

The most common offenses brought before a kris
involve stealing. You may laugh, dear reader, but for a

Ravnos to steal from another member of the clan is a

most serious crime. Other offenses range from betrayal

of Clanbook: Ravnoos


of clan secrets, to breaking an oath (as opposed to a
mere promise, which is not sealed by the sacred hand-
shake), to imparting the tumnimos on an unwilling
individual.

The accused is then given an opportunity to either
defend himself or admit his guilt in the matter. If the
defendant admits to his crimes, the krisatora passes
judgment over him. By far the most prevalent judgment
is the bestowing of curses, in a ceremony called the
solakh, or sentencing. However, the nature of the of-
fense can often influence the temperament and severity
of the punishment, up to and including banishment

If the accused pleads his innocence, the floor is
open for any other speakers to add whatever additional
information they know. If the charge is not dismissed
by new evidence (which in some cases leads to the
solakh of the original accuser), then the accused is again
given the chance to respond. Should he maintain his
innocence, the solakh will begin.

Solakh

It is at this point during the kris that outsiders
would no longer recognize its value — for the gaje know
nothing of honor, and so a curse would not seem a
powerful sentence. For the Rom, and the Ravnos too,
curses hold vital, dangerous power. They can lead to
sickness, infirmity or even death. Among the Ravnos,

there are no prisons, no hangings, no forced labor or
asylums. So the solakh remains the most effective way of
meting out justice.

The accused is berated with a variety of curses, or
amria, each one more terrible than the one before.
After each curse, the accused acknowledges by saying,
"bater," which means, "may it be so." The curses grow
more and more horrifying until both the krisatora and
the accuser are satisfied. Though the process is unset-
tling to outsiders, it should be noted that all of the
curses are conditional; they are structured to take effect
if the accused is actually guilty. Ifhe is indeed innocent,
the solakh will never haunt him.

The solakh is a powerful thing; tales abound of a
shilmulo who burst into flames under the power of the
amria heaped upon her. Even if the accused refuses to
accept the power of the curses, that does not render
them ineffective. Such is the power of our Blood, and
the power of the kris.

Patohiva

Not every meeting of kumpaniyi along the road is

cause for an event as grim as the kris. In fact, the kris is
the exception to the rule — and the rule is the patshiv.
Elaborate (and expensive) parties, patshiva strengthen

the ties between the Ravnos. They provide opportuni-

Chapter Three: The Lost *f


4

oe

ties to dance, to sing, and to share stories of our trav
and exploits.

Some patshiva last for many nights, sustained by
both the continued goodwill of the Ravnos and the
amount of money they are able to fleece in the area.
Extensive crime sprees often accompany a patshiv, and
the cities that host them are sometimes thrown into
confusion as the Ravnos gather the "supplies" they
need. Supermarkets, blood banks and surplus stores
bear the brunt of the damage, but it is not unknown for
Ravnos to carry the festivities into whorehouses, art
galleries and hospitals.

Patshiva are the clos
that the Ravnos enjoy. They are as unpredictable as the

st things to true clan meetings

traveling kumpaniyi themselves, occurring whenever
touring bands of Ravnos encounter one another.
Through storytelling and song, valuable information is

pa

lasts, no one in a kumpania knows hunger or gloom.
Samad ji:
Heirlooms of Power

Many Romare practiced in the art of making talismans,

ed among my people, and for as long as the patshiv

called draba. However, this too is lost to the shilmulo of the

AN Pe: CK
5 OVS

Raynos family. Though members of my clan are occasion:
tifacts

ally presented with draba by other Gypsies, thes
ofaRavnos' endlesslife,
This is not so with the powerful draba called samadji. These
items have retained their power for hundreds of years, passed

can lose their power over the cours

from sire to childe throughout the history of the Ravnos.

Samadji, in fact, seem to draw their energy from the
Ravnos who carry them. Though this process is impossible
to explain, it is nonetheless true that samadji can acquire
new powers through the experiences of their owners, even:
tually becoming powerful. artifact

and closely guarded
treasures among the families that hold them.

Stories abound of powerful samadji able to transport an
entire kumpania out of danger, but mote believable tales
involve items that grant their owners miraculous luck or
powers normally not associated with Ravnos Disciplines.
There are also myths about cursed samadji, items which
cause nothing but misfortune to those families bound to
carry them. These items can only be given away through the
grace of others, for those who carry cursed samadji are unable.
to rid themselves of the draba in any other fashion.

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


There is no right and wrong.

There is only fun and boring.

— The Plague, "Hackers"

Though the fundamentals of the Path of Paradox are
already known tosomeamong the Kindred (see The Vampire
Players Guide), certain aspects of the Path are virtually
unknown except to the Ravnos themselves. Through careful
study, [ have learned much about the Path, short of actually
converting my beliefs. | have found that Ravnos who follow
the Path are often more than willing to talk about their
ideology, to the point where I was required to end several
interviews because of their enormous length and meandering
content. However, the most useful information I collected
has been reproduced here, albeit in a much-edited form.

Origins and Beliefs
of the Path

Many Kindred believe the Path to have originated in
Rome, but the true origins of the Path are in fact much
older, dating to the earliest nights of the Ravnos. Followers
of the Path believe that reality is becoming more static as
time goes on, and that creativity and free thought are fading

from the popular consciousness. This hypothesis is rein-
forced by the teachings of certain werewolves, who see the
degradation of the natural world as a byproduct of human
"progress," as well as the Urmen family's belief that magic is
slowly leaving the world as science continues to "explain
away" all of the phenomena that were once great sources of
mystery. This effect, the Urmen say, proves damaging to the
fae, driving them away from the world.

Followers of the Path believe that it is only a matter of
time before reality itself grinds toa halt, becoming an entropic
graveyard devoid of new ideas or inspirations. The stated
tenets of the Path dictate that its primary goal is to "free" the
primordial energies of change, which they call "weig," through
the destruction of objects and individuals that hoard it.

However, there is another belief, held by some follow-
ers of the Path, that may also help to explain a secondary
goal of the Path of Paradox. They tell the story of "True
Chimerstry," the original power that Laetshi taught to
Ravnos, and that Ravnos in turn taught us, his progeny.
According to the story, when weig was truly abundant, the
Ravnos could not only warp and shape the perception of
reality, but could actually alter reality itself. However, as the
Antediluvians grew more powerful, and stored more weig,
this ability was lost to the Ravnos.

By releasing the trapped weig, the followers say, they
will give magic and creative thought a "jump-start," even-
tually resulting in the reformation of the vortex, the
theoretical engine of the uncontrollable forces that once
governed creation. The Silent Striders tell stories of an
entity called the Wyld, which acts as a chaotic catalyst for
creative thought and even evolution. The vortex and the
Wyld, in turn, may be related to certain Urmen beliefs
concerning the primal wellspring of the fae.

Followers of the Path

As the popularity of the Path has waxed and waned
over time, it is not surprising that Ravnos who follow the
Path of Paradox are of widely varied origin and heritage.
Each time the Path has fallen into "vogue" within the clan,
new converts are gained, but each new group distorts the
tenets of the Path for its own ends.

Some of the oldest surviving Ravnos are followers of
the Path, sworn to restore the power of the vortex toa world
that has forgotten everything it once knew. These elders are
quite powerful, and they continually hunt items of power
and sleeping Methuselahs, in order to destroy them.

After World War II, a group of Ravnos survivors joined
the followers of the Path, but for reasons which disgrace them
in the eyes of theirelders. These young Ravnas follow the Path
for their own ends, often using its teachings as an excuse to
drink the tainted blood of vampires from other clans.

Chapter Three: The Lost f+


Crafts of
Power

T've seen things you people wouldn't believe.

— Roy Batty, "Blade Runner"

Asmy clan has aged, new powers have been discovered
and refined. Through our endless wandering, we have
found certain ways of reshaping or altering our Disciplines
to better aid us in our struggles against the gaje and the mulo.

Deep Song
(Animaliom Level Six)

The origins of this power are unknown, but Gitano
Ravnos have claimed responsibility for its creation. Similar to
Song of Serenity, this power allows a vampire to influence the
moods of his listeners by singing to them. However, at this
level, any desired emotion may be produced; through the
words of the song, a Ravnos may attempt to sway the passions
of his audience. People affected by a Deep Song are often easily
manipulated by the singer: If filled with love or regret, they can
be fleeced of their money, and if filled with anger or hate, they
can be provoked into violence, or even incited to riot.

System: The Ravnos rolls Manipulation + Music
against a difficulty of the target's Willpower. Three suc-
cesses are required to alter the listener's emotional state as
desired. On a botch, the target manifests the desired emo-
tion, but focuses it exclusively on the singer. The target of
the song never clearly remembers its true power, recalling
only that she was deeply moved by the performance. The
effects of the Deep Song last for roughly one hour or, in the
case of a botch, the remainder of the night.

Hee of Chimerstry can and often does result in lasting effects upon fae

Fata Amria
(Chimerotry Level Six)

Using this power, a Ravnos may place a potent curse on
a target. By evoking the power in her blood, the Ravnos
essentially "locks" an illusory effect to the target, which
manifests from time to time. The effects of Fata Amria can
range from merely annoying to potentially lethal, depend-
ing on the severity of the curse and the number of successes
rolled by the Ravnos.

System: A Fata Amria costs one Willpower point to
initiate. The Ravnos verbally curses the target, then rolls
Manipulation + Intimidation against a difficulty of the
target's Willpower. The number of successes determines the
strength of the effect, as shown on the table below. The
example effect given is simply a guideline; the way in which
the Fata Amria manifests is based solely upon the nature of
the curse accompanying it.

Note: A Fata Amria is only as successful as the target
believes it to be. If the target deeply fears the power of the
curse, it manifests itself repeatedly until the target can
master his fear.
success Inconvenient effects; target loses two dice from
a given Dice Pool.

2 successes Minor effects; difficulty numbers are raised by
two when in a given circumstance.

3 successes Major effects; target automatically fails a cer-
tain action at a pinnacle moment.

4 successes Serious effects; target automatically fails cer-
tain actions in any stressful situation.

5 successes Disastrous effects; target fails all actions involy-
ing a given Attribute, Ability or Discipline.

‘ipline of Chimerstry

ithain perceive
tr Ry cccies against

, remains

i ed Vy -


Sensory Overload
(Chimerotry Level Eight)

By overstimulating all five senses, a Ravnos may
physically incapacitate a target. Though the target may
remain conscious, he is unable to move or speak coher-
ently; he is effectively cut off from the outside world,
save through his screams.

System: The character rolls Intelligence + Occult
against a difficulty number of the target's Willpower.
The duration of Sensory Overload is determined by the
number of successes, shown on the table below.

1 success One turn

2 successes One scene

3 successes One hour

4 successes Six hours

5 successes One day

Fatuus Mastery (Addendum):

In addition to the ability previously stated in The
Vampire Players Guide, Ravnos gain an additional
benefit from mastering this level of Chimerstry, though
in most cases even the wielder herself will not know it.
Upon attaining Fatuus Mastery, illusions created by the
character also manifest in the Penumbra and the
Shadowlands, and appear convincing to anyone view-
ing the scene from there. However, a Ravnos who
cannot peer into these locations is still unable to affect
them directly.

System: n/a

Poeudo-Blindness (Addendum):

Inaddition to the benefits previously stated for this
power (see The Vampire Players Guide), a Ravnos
who has mastered Pseudo-Blindness is also unmoved by
the effects of the Delirium, nor is she affected by faerie
seemings. The Ravnos can also see any chimerical
items or animals drawn from the Dreaming as if she
were enchanted.

System: n/a

New Abilities

At the Storyteller's option, phralmulo characters

RON DOO) OC may opt to take any of the new Talents, Skills and

; Knowledges provided in A World of Darkness: Gyp-
sies. These Abilities help to round out the character's
mortal life as'a Gypsy.

Characters Embraced into the clan from the gaje
al 6 ©) (and who are therefore georgio) may not begin with
tliese'Abiliciess bue may buy-thent'sormally with free>

| | | bie points or experience.

lXO/OO DC/VOG

Chapter Three: The Loot

may even alert your enemies to your presence ina city.

°
Ravnoos Merits Until you redeem yourself, be it through unrewarded
and Fi laws loyalty or perhaps remarkable cunning, they will inter-

fere with your plans and darken your name wherever
travel. Note: You may not take a Family Enmity
e Tsurara or the Ravnos families.

e (3 pt Flaw)

ommitted some grievous crime against
now shunned by their families (in-
10s). Though they do not work against:
Avoid contact, as you might contaminate
iculties of all Social rolls involving other
increase by two). Cleansing yourself of your
an arduous uphill battle; until you are re-
by a kris, you are unable to travel in the

Ravnos characters may take these Merits and Flay
in addition to those listed in The Vampire Pla
Guide.

Charmed Samadji
(1-4 pt Merit)

Your family or sire has gifted yo'
power. You are expected to carry this pow
until you sire your own progeny, then pass t
her. Power levels of samadji vary greatly; a sama
reduce target numbers on certain actions (1-
even provide the user with effects equivalent
level Disciplinesyguch as Unseen Presence'

ith the Storyteller,

tion with the fataily in question are reduced b
long as you do not Abuse your trust (such as usii
members as steady sources of blood), the famil
turn away from you. Note: You may not take
Allegiance with the Tsurara or Ravnos famili

Phralmulo (3 pt Merit)

You were Embraced from within the Rd
one of the families of power (see A World of Di
Gypsies). Because of your heritage, you may b
regain Blood Affinities by feeding on Rom
begin with Abilities or Backgrounds availabl.
Gypsy characters. In addition, phralmulo c!
need not pick a specific crime as their weak:
phralmulo show a general (but compulsive) co:
and disregard for all the laws of the gaje. Note: Wit
this Merit, a Ravnos player character is assumed ta
georgio.

‘in I have included a variety of opinions from
youngling, georgio and phralmulo alike. These
its range from the wise to the incendiary, and
le no attempt at parenthetical explanation.
? That, dear reader, is up to you.

talk a whole lot about changing things, but
‘ds and threats are empty unless you get them

at case, just throw them a small, shiny object
‘em busy while you get away.

Instead of finding any pride or conviction, they just ~
ang on the Camarilla's door all night, begging to be let
Family E. nmity (2 pt Flaw) in. To their credit, the Clanless usually have a pretty

By an act of betrayal, or perhaps a simple "misun- ° 800d idea of what's going on in a city, and a little
derstanding," you have gained the scorn of one 6f the charity at the right moment will buy you a friend for
families. They will not offer any assistance to you, and unlife — his, of course, not yours.


Gangrel

We're supposed tobe félated;' but'they'Have'a
setious problem with us, don't ask me why. Since they
never carry anything valuable and they have big, nasty
fingernails, my advice is to leave them alone. Unless, of
_ course, you see an opportunity to drive them into frenzy
and watch fur sprout out of their ears.

Malkavian

Ignorant is the mulo who compares us to these sad
undead. They are truly a blighted line. There is no
artistry and, worse, no joy in their jests; their pranks are
as blindly instinctive as a dog's pissing on his territory.

Nooferatu

We have an unspoken deal going with the Sewer
Rats; we leave them alone (as if they had anything of
value) and they conveniently "forget" that they saw us
roll into town (as if we were any threat to their agenda).
We let them have their sewers, they let us have our fun.
Besides, they love watching us make fools of the stuffy
Ventrue and the effete Toreador. If you find yourself
unable to escape the wrath of the shanglo, you might
find asylum among them — but the price, and the stink,
will be high.

Toreador

Of all the clans that have denounced us as their
enemies, the Toreador have done the least impressive
job of showing it. Though they love the pomp and
ceremony of their station, when their meetings are over
and done with they would rather watch us dance than
drive us off. Trick them, rob them, even pity them —
but do not hate them. In truth, their hearts would break
if we stopped dancing

Tremere

Their musty old books make good kindling, and
their little baubles bring a good price at a pawnshop.
Trust me: They're more arrogant than powerful. They
tried to wipe us out during Hitler's war, and they failed
Knowing that, don't pull any punches.

Ventrue

Feudal lords or corporate barons — some things
never change, more's the pity. They hate us because we
don't play the power-games they invented, so they kick
us out of their cities. Poor us. Most of them are so
hungry for power that they can't open their eyes, and
the blind make easy marks. Here's a good one: Find out
what their blood preference is, then use Chimerstry to
make some rancid bum look that way. They make the

funniest faces after just a few sips.

Chapter Three: The Lost

Lasombra

God has taken their reflections from them. It is
only fitting, I think, for us to take the rest of their
things.

Tzimisce

These has-beens look like such easy targets, don't
they? Well, they're not. Avoid them. Avoid, avoid,
avoid. It's tempting to trick them, but if you piss ‘em off,
they'll twist your head into a fucking balloon animal.

(Caveat the First: Sometimes they keep such cool
stuff in their cobwebby old crypts that it's worth the
risk.)

(Caveat the Second: If they catch you...well, you
were warned.)

Ravnoo Antitribu

As Sabbat go, they're not so bad. They think a lot
like we do, and they pull a bait-and-switch with the best
of us. But for all our similarities, be careful not to throw
your lot in with ‘em too quick. See, for them, their pack
is their family, not us. Remember that before you
powwow with ‘em.

Assamite

These are the guys who give the mulo nightmares,
and that suits us fine. They also don't seem to give a
rat's ass about us, and that suits us even better. They

share our hatred for the Tremere, and I knew a Lick who
used that angle to con an Assamite into bumping off a
few enemies for him. It worked for him, but personally,
I wouldn't recommend trying to duplicate it. You'd be
dead faster than Kennedy if you got caught pulling a
scam like that.

Giovanni

Okay, let me get this straight: They're big, hairy,
overweight, immortal Mafiosi, with mansions in the
‘burbs and beet-red Maseratis, strutting around with an
air of mystery and control, hoarding art, money and
blood in their safety-deposit boxes, and I'm supposed to
be scared? With their oh-so-trendy occultism, they fall
for the simplest cons. Let me tell you: The scariest thing
about the Giovanni is that it takes ‘em weeks to figure
out they've been duped.

Followers of Set

I love these assholes. They're so fixated on "cor-
rupting" you that they'll give you just about anything
— money, drugs, guns, whatever. With enemies like
these, who needs friends?

The Jyhad

Heh. What a foolish game the gaje play. When the
last chapter of the Jyhad has been written, it will be the
Raynos who will tell the tale around the fire.


Silent Striders

You may sit across from them at the kumpania, and
they will sheathe their talons and tolerate you. Do you
likewise. Once away from the kumpania's confines, all
bets are off; the Lupines are their greater family, and the
moon bids them destroy us. If cornered by a pack, plead
for mercy in the name of your former kinship. It won't
stop them, but they might pause long enough for you to
evoke a phantasm and escape.

Mages

Most Licks think of mages as a bunch of book-
worms; we know better. They're a bunch of bookworms
with cool stuff well worth borrowing. That aside, I've
heard rumors of a partnership forming between Ravnos
on the Path of Paradox and a group of mages called

Marauders; such an alliance could produce potent re-
sults.

Though we praise the spirits of our ancestors, these
wretched beings are called trushale odji — the thirsty
souls. They are of little consequence to us, but there are
mediums among the juvindo who often seek their guid-
ance.

Faeries

Certain families of Ravnos have dealings with
faeries, and from what I hear, they're all dying. The
faeries, that is, not the Ravnos. They make powerful
allies, but they bring a ton of problems with ‘em when
they travel with our kumpaniyi. I've also heard that
they're drawn to our Chimerstry, like they can smell it
or something, but I don't like to think about that too
much — it makes me paranoid.

Chapter Three: The Lost +


ne. Watch your

Chapter Four: Characters


You grew bored with baccarat at 16, bored with lies by gradu-
Alice of Ss padeos ation, and bored with Kictens ori your 2lac birthday, You were ready
to hunt pinstriped tigers now. Your chosen vocation whispered
Quote: One of these guns is an illusion; the other is quite real. Iwill seductively every time you went to a bar, a mall, a board meeting.
fire the one you select into your skull. Choose now, and choose carefully. Would you kill or wouldn't you? You see, you weren't one of those
(five seconds later) Good guess....too bad I didn't inform you that the pathetic, pedophilicserotoninslaveslike
illusory pistol was concealing a very real knife Dahmerand Chikatilo. Murder, for you,
Prelude: Chance fascinatedyou,evenasachild. The {fgg was not the means to some autoerotic or
chance of drawing a straight flush...the chance of your gage vengeful end; it was the end, the greatest
mother finding out one of your lies...the of games.
chance of a dice roll or a coin flip Y, Still, you had to find some way of
deciding whether you'd let the q financing your fun, and so you offered
stray kitten go or impale it on a y A your services to the underworld. Thishad
stick in the woods. YZ, : its ups and downs — your bosses appreci-
Acvonacubiee, j : ated your efficiency, but didn't care for the
you discovered more / capricious way in which you went about your
elaborate games work. Philistines. One boring night, you rolled a
(baccarat), more elabo- LL Y die, scrutinized the result, and began arming your-
rate lies ("Motherbeatme self.
long before the police The police found one of your bosses in
found the drugs in her pieces in his office, another choked to
office, your Honor!") death on the shards of an owzo bottle, and
and, above all, more a third burned to a crisp in the wreckage
elaborate rules (now of his Porsche. They couldn't see the
the kitten gota three-second " i symbolism, and so you were safe from
headstart, and you'd let it them — but not from the other hunter
live ifiemade it to the old who'd been watching you.
willow stump). » The

stthingyou thought, whenhe
swooped down on you and snatched you
off the street, was how like your victims
you felt. Interested and satisfied, you pre:
pared yourself for death.

Instead youreceived endless life, and
more efficient ways of dealing death, and
an array of infinitely more interesting tar-
. Where you went, what you did —
that was up to younow, your sire said. You
were Wuzho now, he told you, and you
could play any hand you liked.

Concept: You are not a lowly serial
killer, leashed by your libidoand inadequa-
cies, You commit crimes to exalt yourself
the fact that others are hurt is simply irrel-
evant. Each of your murders is planned as
much for the survivors as for the victims, to
evoke a particular chord of horror. Your
"crime" of choice is, naturally, murder.

Roleplaying Tips: You are somewhat
distant; the concerns of most other beings inter-
est you only in passing. You are still alittle in awe
of vampires; their controlled stasis between life
and death is slightly jarring to your philosophies,
Your innate sense of superiority is beginning to
emerge, however, and soon enough you will
"graduate" to murdering Kindred, Lupinesand the
like.

Equipment: Guns of all sorts, razor, butterfly
knives, chloroform, cyanide, syringes, rope

(ee


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Name: Ace of Spades Nature: Fanatic Clan: /0ch
Player: Demeanor: Autist Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: Natural Gorn Killer Haven:
- 8S Attributes 0
Physical Social Mental
| Charisma, @0000000__ Perception, @@000000
Manipulation___ ge ®@0 0000 Intelligence.
Appearance. 000000 Wits.
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges

Acting 00000000  AnimalKen_____00000000 _ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness, @@000000 Drive 20000000 — Computer. @@000000
Athletics, 0000000 _ Etiquette. 90000000 _ Finance 00000000
Brawl. @@000000_‘Firearms_____ee@ee0000 _Investigation, @@000000
Dodge. @@000000 Melee____eeeeoocco Law. @0000000
Empathy, 00000000. = Music______00000000 __ Linguistics. 00000000
Intimidation, @@000000_  Repair________00000000_ Medicine____ 00000000
Leadership, 00000000 _ Security______00000000 — Occult, 00000000
Streetwise. @@000000_ ‘Stealth @ee@00000 __—s~Poilitics 00000000
Subterfuge______eeoooc00 Survival______00000000 Science. 00000000

Oss SSS Advantages SSS

Disciplines _ Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism___o0000000 Contacts @0000000 ~~ Conscience. @0000
Chimerstry___eeoooc00 Generation _eee00000
Fortitude @0000000 ‘Resources @@000000

00000000 00000000 _ Self-Control___eeeee
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
i «60000000 ooocccca  COUrRE. 28800)
sesor >4-0>OS>
ve SA
~o—= (Other Traits——<" = =~ Path of og ae Health aa
ooc00000, "Paradox Brtised: oO
00000000 @®@@e@e8e0000 Hurt of ta
00000000 ao Willpower —""~ Injured -1 0
00000000 Wi 2 Oo
o0000000 @ @@@®@ 88000 founded =
cooooo000 QOOOOOOOOO Mauled = 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
itated OF
00000000 Blood Pool Incapacitat
00000000 W oes
cooooo00, OOOO00000 Must a pieces roll
cooope0d | BIS OEknwwon

not to commit crime of choice


Roleplaying Tips: Much of the time
youact in revoltingly stereotypical ways
— swaggering, cursing, brandishing
weapons and describing impossibly
gruesome acts of violence and sex.
Your pack knows that this means
you're relaxed. When contemplat-
ing the challenge of a good heist
ora good raid, you become taci-
turn, quiet, thoughtful and very
alert — and your pack knows to
stay the hell away from you.

The Carjacker

Quote: Attached to your car, huh? You got three
seconds to get out or I'll make sure you're permanently
attached to it.

Prelude: You grew up in the heart of the Miami
slums. Your father was a mechanic, and he did his
best to support the eight of you on a repairman's

wage. Fuck that — you learned early on that you

could support yourself nicely by

using Papa's tools for altogether
different endeavors. As far as the \\ ulin

Equipment: Shotgun, tool kit,

Miami. cops were concerned, Saahicle of the week

grand theft auto wasn't worth the
bother of investigating — and if
some asshole tried to put up a fight,

well, you and your set carried tools

that could open people as easily

as they could open cars.

You went to juvie a couple

of times, killed a couple of

and Papa said you were

going to hell and tossed you
out of the apartment, but basi-

cally business was good — at
least until some serious shit

started going down with your set.

The Haitians were crossing over

where they didn't belong, and the
leaders said it was time to fight.

Over the next month you dis-

tinguished yourself in a variety of
military
and you put yourtalents to work,
disabling the Haitians' vehicles
or stealing them outright.

The gang leaders took notice

of you—no, not the shitheads
you followed, but the real ones,
the ones who led from the shad-
ows. One night you had a visitor.
You'd pissed off the followers of
some set or something — a bad-ass

tivities. This was war,

Haitian mafia— and they were looking

to put you in the ground. Let him put you
inthe ground first, he said. Dig your way out,
and you'd be stealing cars until the night
everybody was riding in spaceships. You said OK,
and he initiated you into your new set.

Concept: A brazen but loyal Sabbat, you
live for the pack and the joyride. You actually
have a fair degree of mechanical aptitude, just
like Papa. Your crime is theft — preferably
auto theft.

oe Clanbook: Ravnos i


Name: Carjacker Nature: Rebel

it Ravnoos-\t

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Clan: 13ch

Player: Demeanor: "6yavo Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: ‘Young Thug Haven:
SSS Attrib ates os
Physical Social Mental
Strength ________ee@eeco0o Charisma @000000 __ Perception, @@0@00000
Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation__ ee 000000 Intelligence. @@000000
Stamina, @@000000 Appearance. @@000000 Wits. @@000000
00> ———SSSeeeeeeeEEEEE egegs
Na Abilities =i areal
Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting ______ 90000000. AnimalKen____00000000 _ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive @0@@@0000 = Computer. 00000000
Athletics. 00000000 _ Etiquette. 00000000 _ Finance. @0000000
Brawl. @00000 Firearms. @@000000 Investigation. 00000000
Dodge. 0000000 Melee______@0000000 Law. 00000000
Empathy 00000000 = Music________00000000 _ Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation__@e@eooo0o Repair. @@@00000_ = Medicine 00000000
Leadership. 00000000 _ Security______eeeococo Occult, @0000000
Streetwise @@000000 Stealth, @0000000_ Politics. 00000000
Subterfuge. 00000000  Survival_______00000000 Science, 00000000
<0 Q4-0.-) cee ot
SSS Ata sew
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism___oo000000 Contacts @e@000000 ~—— Callousness. @@000
Chimerstry___ ooo0000  dterd 00000
Fortitude___ee000000 00000000
Celerity __ e0000000 00000000 _ Instincts ©0000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 agpale
 H0000000 00000000
<50<04<
vr
wm Other Traits Path of oo
Wilicary Science eeOOGedd Atlonorable Accord Bruised oO
00000000 ®@®@®@®@®00000 ‘Hurt Aside
00000000 esau Willpower ——s> Injured) 0
00000000
oooo0000 8 OOOO CK0000 Wounded 2 O
Soooonoe Ieee) Mauled 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 itated O
=== Blood Pool —* Iocan
real <ewomee Weakness
cooooo00 MOOOOOOO000 Must make Instincts roll not
cooooo00 IO OOOO0000 ,

to commit crime of choice

>

-

The Dakini

Quote: To obtain true enlightenment you must renounce the things of the world, bequeathing your possessions to one of the Seven-
and-Seventy Immortal Asuras, who will use them in the pursuit of righteousness. As
it so happens, I am Immortal Asura Number 76....

Prelude: Your first memories were of Bombay's shantytowns: the
squalid bazaars and dirt alleys where you ran with the beggar children who
swarmed like flies about the stalls. You had a knack for being unseen by the
police and visible for the CARE representatives; by the age of 12, fattened
onother children's food packages, you had actually developed a haunting,
if dirty and feral, beauty.

This provided the ticket to a career in Bombay's underworld, but it was
your sharp mind and utter lack of scruples that carved your niche amid the
slavery rings, bordellos and opium dens.

You weren't the only predator, nor the most formidable, but you
proved to the liking of a Vritra Ravnos, who Embraced you and
initiated you into the ways of the clan. Now you could deal in souls the
same way you dealt in goods and bodies.

Tewas the simplest matter to gain admission to high society, stalking
among the wealthy tourists and degrading them into blood-addicted
slaves. And then it hit you: If the tourists were this gullible, what were
the natives like? You arranged a flight to America the next night.

The fools flocked to yout exotic beauty, gobbling up what-
ever made-up gibberish youspouted as pearls of Oriental wisdom.
Soon you had a devoted cult of wealthy thralls, all adoring you
as an incarnate goddess and all too willing to sacrifice their
riches, their power, and their blood.

Concept: You are a priestess, true, but your gods are
Rolex and Rolls-Royce. You know just enough of what
you're talking about to bilk those who don't. Your
crime is deception — you love wrapping the wealthy

and powerful around your beringed finger.

Roleplaying Tips: You affect a facade of enlight-
enment and serene wisdom, mixed with hints of

sensuality — in other words, exactly what most
people want. Youare prophetic, helpfulandcharm-
ing, so long as there is still
something to milk from the
person whom youare"enlight-
ening."

Equipment: Jewelry,
Rolex watch, sunglasses,
saris and modern busi-
ness suits, temple,
Maserati, tiger and
python ghouls

+ Clanbook: Ravnos


Lu Ravnoos-t

Name: The Oakini

Nature: Conniver

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Clan: 13h

Player: Demeanor: Architect Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: False Prophet Haven:
<0 4-0 40> OS
FSS Atco etes
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@ 000000 Charisma Perception. @@000000
Dexterity, @@0000 Manipulation. Intelligence. @@000000
Stamina. @000000 Appearance. Wits, @@000000
SOsee Abilities ce
Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting eeo00000 = Animal Ken_____e@e@000000 __ Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness. @0000000 Drive. @0000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics, e@0000000 __ Btiquette____e@e@000000 Finance. @0000000
Brawl. 00000000 __ Firearms_____00000000 __Investigation 00000000
Dodge. @@000000 Melee 90000000 Law. 00000000
Empathy. @0000000 = Music___ @0 000000 Linguistics @@000000
Intimidation____00000000 — Repair______00000000 Medicine, 00000000
Leadership. 00000000 _ Security______00000000 — Occult @@000000
Streetwise, @@000000 = Stealth_______eeooo0000 _ Politics 00000000
Subterfuge, e@@000000 = Survival______@0000000 __ Science. 00000000
SOS AKantages avo
__ Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism__eeoooc00 ted Conscience. @@000
Chimerstry___eooo0o000 Influence
Fortitude. oo000000.— ‘Resources
QoGCooOO. > ‘Retainers i Self-Control___eeeee
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Cy rave
pe? Sd 1 10000000 00000000 sa) ie ee00
~<50<+04< 24-0 OS
See Or
om Other Traits" Humanity I sate Health alts
00000000 Bruised oO
GoaGOGoo @eeeee0@8000 Huck Avo
00000000 errsammn Willpower ——-> Injured = 1
00000000 Womlal 2.0
00000000 @@®®@8 e000 4
ooooo00 OOOOOOOOOO Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated O
00000000 sme Biggd Pool ——*""
00000000 Weakn
cooooo00 OOOOOOOOOO 5," besa: a,
ccoooo00-s FAD OOOO ust make Self-Control ro

not to commit crime of choice


Quote: 1amalord of the Night, an unfulfilled waif of the grave, amaster of the Demon Undead.

Now watch this!
Prelude: When you were five, the other kids in your kindergarten class were dutifully
staying in the lines while coloring their handouts of houses. You, by
contrast, were drawing that same house being smashed and its
inhabitants devoured by a lurid chartreuse stegosaurus. Worlds
of wonder and horror blossomed in your soul; you devoured all
thescience fiction and horror cinema and literature you could,
and did a fair job of creating your own.

You went to art school, then double-majored in graphic
design and filmmaking. O'Brien, Harryhausen, Giger,
Cameron — these were your idols, and you made a fair go
toward a career as a special-effects designer.

You never dreamed, however, that the monsters you
loved were anything more than wires and foam and pixels
until that night you were working late on the set of
Cretaceous Camage 3. First came the gunshots —and

the acrid scent of very real powder — and then the
things rounded the corner. Pale, fanged, bloodied,
wearing black leather and sporting bright red
wounds —you didn't need Coppola or Romero to
tell you what they were.
Nor did you have any doubts as to their
intentions, as their eyes flared crimson and their very
real talons extruded and their scarlet lips twisted into
rictuses like the great white's in Spielberg's Jaws. So,
with only a hint of hesitation, you flipped a switch, and
the digitized stegosaurus materialized in the center of the
studio.

Screaming in panic, the vampires fled the studio amid
cries of "Shapeshifter!" and "Magus!" All except one — a
tattered, pallid waif of a girl who looked sickly even for the
undead. Righting herself against a console, she smiled weakly.
Reassuring you as to her innocence, she thanked you for
chasing off the "anarch gang." Your talents, combined with a
little "Ravnos" magic, might take you far in the "free states,"
she said. Were you interested in life eternal?

You didn't understand half of what the vampire was
babblingabout, butif this was real, you were ll for it. Saying
goodbye to the sun, you entered a reality mote thrilling
than any movie.

Concept: You are more interested in your
Chimerstry Discipline than in the unfortunate side
effects of vampirism. You did grow up steeped in tales of
the horrific, however, so you know a little about what to
expect from unlife — and you are talented enough to
wiggle your way out when your expectations prove
wrong. Your crime is trickery; you love tofool others, and
you have mastered the art of the bluff, both verbal and
illusory.

Roleplaying Tips: Externally a little nervous and
self-effacing, you are actually a lot more confident than
you appear. Youget wildly enthusiastic when "conjuring"
Chimerstry-spun visions, and you avidly seek to learn
more about the nocturnal world into which you have
been thrown.

Equipment: Disguise kit, state-of-the-art computer
system, explosives

reeefsetethtfs


it Ravnos-_i

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Name: FX Artist Nature: "Visionary Clan: 12h:
Player: Demeanor: Gallant Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: Lovable Goob Haven:
S00 Attrib tes SSS eo
Social Mental
Charisma. Perception.
Manipulation. Intelligence.
Appearance Wits.
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting _______@0000000_  AnimalKen_____00000000 _ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness, @0000000 Drive @0000000 = Computer. @00000
Athletics, 00000000 Etiquette. 90000000 _ Finance 00000000
Brawl, 00000000 | Firearms____@®0000000 _ Investigation, @@000000
Dodge. @0000000 Melee______oo000000  law_________ 90000000
Empathy, 00000000. = Music_______00000000 _Linguistics___e 0000000
Intimidation____00000000 — Repair_______ee@000000 Medicine. 00000000
Leadership______00000000 __ Security_______ee000000 Occult. @@000000
Streetwise, @0000000_ Stealth______e0000000 _ Politics 00000000
Subterfuge @o0000000 ~— Survival_______ 900000000 Science. @0000000
|S Q)<-0-) ce
——tarta es SSS
_ Disciplines _ _ Backgrounds _ Virtues
Animalism__eoo00000 Contacts @@000000 _ ~— Conscience e
Chimerstry___ @@00000 eneration @0000000
Fortitude___o0000000 Mentor ___e0000000
00000000 eSources e0000000 _ Self-Control__eeeoo
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 q,
Pein YG 960000 00000000 URaaE. e800
<P04-04-<—— +:
ey oro
sve Other Traits——<- = ~-»-——Humanity oe Health ce
Disguise ___ @@®00000 Bruised Oo
Photography 00000 2.9.00 0.0.0.0: 0.0 Hurt oa |
00000000 ejmmm Willpower ——<"" Injured 32-1 O
00000000 we o
00000000 © @@®®®®0000 ounded 2
oooooo00 OOOOOOOOOO Mauled 2 o
00000000 Crippled 5 O
0 i |
00000000 +» Blood Pool —=~ docapesioted
00000000 Weakn
eooooo00 QOOOOO0000 Aust Pees ica roll
1S Re ~Lo rm
sade Ne io ate fs 71514 PRE | i lf i | lf

not to commit crime of choice

T 4


The Seer

Quote: Your significator, Knight of Swords, shows that you are to play an important role
in the Ancients' Jyhad, but — wait! Now I draw the Tower — great strife between Ravnos
and mulo is nigh!

Prelude: Born into the Phuri Dae family, you manifested your Second Sight
early on. Thus, you were always aware of the night-walkers hovering just
beyond the firelight, even before your aunt told you the dreadful stories of the
haunted Ravnos family. Even asa child, you felt their cold gaze piercing you
from afar, and dreams of your fate tormented your sleep.

Ithappened one night while your kumpania traversed a particu-

larly desolate region of Hungary. The authorities had proved
unfriendly, and your baro felt it wise to move on, despite the evil
omens you had noticed all day. The caravan wended its way

into the Transylvanian foothills, and it was just about
midnight when the monsters attacked.

They were frightful things: Though they stood on two'
legs, their eyes blazed like those of feral cats, and the teeth
that they bared above blackened lips were even sharper
than your nightmares had suggested. Their talons were
sharp, too, as your family found out when they fell J
beneath the creatures' slashing assault. Youscreamed
mindlessly as you watched them eviscerate and
batten on your siblings, cousins, elders.

And then the night-walkers of your child-
hood appeared as if by magic, interposing
themselves between you and the monsters. One
of the night-walkers, a tall, lean woman who
appeared to be the leader, spoke.

"You have chosen the wrong victims,
Gangrel," she spat. "We will cause you more pain
than your Sabbat masters could inflict on you in
centuries." And with that, the Ravnos attacked, and
you fainted in horror.

You woke to the salty taste of blood, and the cold
grip of the Ravnos. The shilmulo woman stood over you,
caked with gore but nonetheless radiating serenity. You
could no longer be Phuri Dae, she said. Now you would
use your talents in the service of the Ravnos.

Concept: As phralmulo, you have no specific crime,
but compulsively flout the foolish laws of the mulo and the
Six Traditions of Caine (which, you are sure, do not apply
to Ravnos anyway). Your Second Sight was largely wiped
away by the tumnimos, but you have spontaneously mani-
fested Auspex to compensate.

Roleplaying Tips: You are more serious than many of your
kin — they would believe themselves above the ancient Jyhad,
but you have looked into the sorrowful eyes of the elders, and
you know better. You try your best to prevent disaster before
it happens, and it saddens you when others foolishly ignore
your intuition.

Equipment: Tarot deck, fortunetelling paraphernalia
(much for show, some quite real), minivan, satchel, jewelry

- Clanbook: Ravnos


Lt Ravnos-t

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Name: The Seer Nature: Martyr Clan: /2ch
Player: Demeanor: Loner Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: Ingenue Haven:
B88 ———————— 2 oS
_ SS eocbates qa
Physical Social Mental
Strength, Charisma, @@000000 Perception. @0000000
Dexterity. Manipulation. 000000 Intelligence.
Stamina. Appearance. 00000 Wits.
Ranma Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting = @0000000 = Animal Ken @@®000000 __ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness, @ee@00000 Drive @0000000 — Computer. 00000000
Athletics, 00000000 _ Etiquette______e0000000 Finance 00000000
Brawl. 00000000 | Firearms 00000000 _ Investigation @@000000
Dodge. @0000000 Melee___00000000  Law_____ 00000000
Empathy. e@@0e0000 = Music____00000000 _Linguistics___eee00000
Intimidation 00000000 Repair_____ 00000000 ___ Medicine.
Leadership______@0000000 _ Security_____—s9»)7 000000 Occult.
Streetwise. 00000000 _ Stealth____———s.»> 77000000 Politics
Subterfuge______o0000000 _ Survival_______@0000000 Science. 00000000
30 —
SSS Advantages Oo
Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues
Animalism__ee000000 llies ee@000000 ~— Conscience. eccce
Chimerstry___e0000000 eneration __@0000000
Fortitude___o0000000 Mentor ___e0000000
uspex e0000000 ‘Resources @0000000 —_ Self-Control e000
00000000. _________ 00000000
00000000 00000000
Bot. -8 3 66000000 oooocc00 Courage, ooNe.
20> QS
~<0+04< Sr
o—Other Traits = ~»———Humanity-—~- Health si
Gupsy Lore _ @0000000 Bruised Oo
Kindred Lore e0oo0000 & 89900880 Hurt 4 6
Lupine Lore _ a ‘
90000000 as Willpower ——~-~ Injured 9-1 O
puis  SSengodad W o
00000000 @@@® 8888000 founded 2
00000000 OOOOOoOoOoo00 Mauled 20
00000000 Crippled 995 O
00000000... Bigg Pool —"— Incapacitated =O
00000000 ‘i site
eooooo00 QOOOOOO0000 Must atts Hep croinat roll
ccoooo0n QU OO00000

not to commit crime of choice

a


The Smuggler

Quote: No, you listen. I'm not one of your Vaulderie-besotted lushes. If
‘you want the primogen councilor through the Black Forest and in your bishop's
manse, stake intact, by 2300 tomorrow, no strings attached...it'll cost you
everything I asked for previously , plus that muscle-bound vessel you're so fond
of. You have 20 seconds to agree or get off my boat.

Prelude: You grew up on the wharves of Amsterdam, and by the time
you were an adolescent, you knew those wharves and the thieves that
haunted them far better than did the police. Your underworld ascent was
as meticulous as a mule run through Customs, and by the time you were
25 the crime bosses of Europe were entrusting you with fortunes.

Naturally, you had contacts worldwide — Bangkok, Medellin, Mi-
ami, Moscow — and naturally, intelligence agencies worldwide had files
on you (though no one could prove anything). So it was not so surprising
when the nocturnal visitot slipped past your bodyguatds and state-of-the-
art security system and tapped you awake aftera particularly tension-filled
day.

After she lulled you into quiescence, she explained. There was an
underworld deeper and vaster and more influential than you had ever
imagined. The players in this shadow economy routinely dealt in the fates
of cities, states, entire countries. Those crime bosses for whom you worked
were the merest finger puppets veiling centuries-old talons. Some of
these players had been working the underworld since the nights of
Delilah — and if you were game, she'd induct you into the big
picture. Naturally, such an offer was too good to pass up.

Concept: You were a professional criminal in life and intend to

be even more professional in death. The ideologies of Europe, and
the agencies that enforced them, meant nothing to you when you
breathed — do the archons and the Hand really expect you to fear
them now?

Roleplaying Tips: Everyone needs you, but you're patient;
they'll come to yousoon enough. You projecta cool congenial-
ity to everyone you meet. Your ability to deal professionally
and unflinchingly with Nosferatu has helped you more
than all your Disciplines combined

Equipment: Ghoul bodyguards, boat, van,

Luger, fashionable attire, briefcase with se-
cret cryogenic compartment


Lt Ravnoos-t

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: The Smuggler Nature: Survivor Clan: 12ch
Player: Demeanor: ‘Ovrector Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: Criminal Haven:

SO as > Attra SSS OO

Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000000 = Charisma. @@@00000 Perception, @@000000
Dexterity, Manipulation__ ge ee 0000 Intelligence
Stamina. Appearance. @@0@00000 Wits.
ie Oe Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges

Acting________00000000 — AnimalKen____00000000 _ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness. @@0@00000 Drive #00000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics. 00000000 __ Etiquette. @0000000 _ Finance. @@@00000
Brawl @0000000 Firearms. @@000000 __Investigation___00000000
Dodge. @0000000 ~~~ Melee @0000000 Llaw__ 0000000
Empathy. 00000000. Music______ 00000000 __ Linguistics @@000000
Intimidation. e0000000_ Repair__ 77000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership____eo0000000  Security_____ 00000000 — Occult 00000000
Streetwise Stealth _______ee000000 _ Politics 00000000
Subterfuge Survival_______00000000 _ Science. 00000000

oe  ——— = Advantages

———— 0 OS

_ Disciplines _ Backgrounds Virtues
Animalism__eoo00000 Contacts ee0e0e000 = Conscience @e000
Chimerstry___eoooco00 Generation @0000000
Fortitude e0000000_ = Influence @@000000

o0000000 ‘Resources eeeeooco _Self-Control___e
00000000 ‘Retainers @@000000
00000000 tatus 0000000 Ey,
Pisieineieen een POOOOCOO 00000000
~<SO<0¢<
~o—« Other Traits moe Humanity-——~--
00000000 9 @e@@ee0000 Bruised o
00000000 Hurt ay
00000000, — Willpower —=~ Injured 1 0
00000000 WwW o
00000000 © @@®8e8ee800 founded 2
cooooo00 QOOOOOOOOO Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled =-5 O
000 Incapacitated 0
00000000 =» Blood Pool —=-
00000000 Weakness
ooooo000 QOOOOO0O000 aie
00000000 Must make Self-Control roll
ODOOOOOOOOO

not to commit crime of choice


he Subway
Conman

Quote: Spare a couple bucks, man? I lost my leg in ‘Nam and —
no, huh? Uh.... Well then, you wanna see a card trick?

Prelude: Asa youth, you mastered three-card monte and made
fast cash on the streetcorners of Manhattan. Pretty soon you were
hustling the hustlers, fleecing them for every penny you could get.
Your skill at the con was making more money in a week than your
parents earned in a month. Sometimes it got rough, sure, but you
learned to take care of yourself.

By the time you were a teenager, you were selling pieces of the
Brooklyn Bridge to tourists. You mastered the bait-and-switch, the
straight con, the smash-and-grab. On your 16th birthday, you
celebrated by convincing some poor sucker that you'd been run over
as he was driving by you.

As you gtew older, you grew tired of the same old routines. You
started to come up with new ones, playing blind on the bus or taping
your legs behind you and rolling around in a stolen wheelchair.

One night, after you had finished a rather successful evening,
some guy came up to you and launched into some wild story
about muggers and cops and who knew what else, this guy
was talking so fast. He was wearing a suit, but it was all
messed up, and you started to actually feel bad for the
guy. He asked you for money, to help him out,
so he could get a cab. You started to reach
into your pocket, and then it dawned on
you: This was all a scam. You looked
straight at him and told him so, and
started to walk away.

Before you knew what had
hit you, you were face down on
thepavement. He dragged you
off the street, and said some-
thing about how he'd been
watching you. You were
gonna work out just fine,
he said. You had poten-
tial, he said. He would
teach you how to run
areal scam, he said.

And he did.

Concept:
You're a young
street con who's
been granted
the abilities
you always
dreamed of.
You miss your
family and your
old life sometimes,
but now you have a
newone. Your talents are
best suited to lies and decep-
tion, makinga quick buck froman
unwitting mark. Your crime is the

confidence game — the more elaborate, the better — and you like
nothing better than tricking people out of their most precious
possession of all: their blood.

Roleplaying Tips: Life is a game to you, and you can make up
the rules as you go along. You're a fast learner and a fast talker, and
you know that no one else can keep up
with you. You pity the poor saps
you con, but only because they
don't have the good sense to

wise up.

Equipment: Wheel:
chair, deck of marked cards,
lab coat, IV, blood bags
and refrigerator, fake cast
and sling, raggedy fatigues,
knife, coffee cup of loose

change


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: The Subway Conman Nature: Conniver Clan: 9ch
Player: Demeanor: Martyr Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: "Gad Seed Haven:

988 SSS Attrib ates SSS 0

Physical Social Mental
Strength _______e@e@000000 Charisma. @@000000 Perception. @@000000
Dexterity. 00000 Manipulation__ ee ee 0000 Intelligence
Stamina 000000 Appearance. 000000 Wits,
Tee: Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges

Acting _______e@eeoo000 = AnimalKen_____@0000000 __ Bureaucracy. @0000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive. @@000000 Computer___o00000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette 0000000 Finance. @0000000
Brawl 00000000 Firearms. 0000000 Investigation. 00000000
Dodge. @0000000 Melee. @0000000_  Law_____e0000000
Empathy. e@0000000 = Music_______00000000 _Linguistics__e0000000
Intimidation e0000000 —-Repair_______00000000 Medicine @0000000
Leadership______o0000000 __ Security_______e0000000 Occult. 00000000
Streetwise @00000 __ Stealth @@000000 Politics. 00000000
Subterfuge______eeeeoooo  Survival______00000000 _ Science 00000000

= Advantages aro

_ Disciplines ,_ Backgrounds _ Virtues
Animalism__eooo0000 Contacts @0000000 _ ~Conscience @0@000
Chimerstry___e 0000000 eneration __@@@e0000
Fortitude___eoo00000 ‘Resources @@000000
00000000 00000000 __Self-Control___eeeee
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000

eo. 60000000 Cooocc00 — COUraBe. Peer.

<Os04< -o<>

sem=Other Traits——<- = <-»-~Humanity———~- Health ee
00000000 Bruised Oo
ooocoo00 OO OOOO HOO a fio
09000000 avss—= Willpower ——"— Injured 9-1
00000000 VWoedd > Oo
00000000 @@eeeeee@0@00 "1
oooooo00 OOOOOOOO00 Mauled =2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 o
00000000... By ni Incapacitated
00000000 lood Weaksiess
cooooo00 IOOO00000 Must make Self-Control roll
00000000

OOOO0000000 not to commit crime of choice
xr =o

ee ee

flo eke



Camarilla Justicars and Black Hand Seraphim alike
curse the name of Ivan Krenyenko — though this
appellation is only the latest of many aliases under
which the Ravnos rogue has committed crimes through
the ages. Krenyenko is no stranger to adversity, having

q been hunted by every organization from the Inquisition

Ivan Krenyenko

thought to have connections to his clanmate Durga
Syn, and to aid her against the machinations of Baba
Yaga; on the other hand, many of Krenyenko's exploits
seem motivated by nothing more than whimsy and self-
interest.

One thing is certain: Krenyenko, in any of a num-

to the Inner Circle to

ber of guises, has been

the KGB. To such
pursuit the Gypsy
typically responds
with a wave and an
infuriating laugh, and
Krenyenko has made
a personal enemy of
the Gangrel Justicar.

Recently,
Krenyenko has be-
deviled the nascent
power
emerging in Eastern
; Europe, affiliating
himselfwith the black
markets and the Rus-
sian mob. He is

structures

present at many of the
great events in Kin-
dred history. It is
believed that he and
his Chimerstry. were
responsible for several
Caine sightings, and
theGehenna Twilight
Cult would very much
like to question him
regarding his knowl-
edge of the "child of
Eve." Given
Krenyenko's disposi-
tion and history, it is
unlikely that he will
stop by and chat any-
time soon.

Appendix: Ravnos of Legend *f*


Durga Syn

Few Kindred know the mysterious Ravnos
wanderer and wisewoman called Durga Syn. Those
who do are often uncertain of her motives, noting
that the term "Durga" denotes an Indian death-
goddess related to Kali. It matters little; Durga Syn
has used countless aliases, and the annals of Kin-
dred history are filled with her deeds, committed
under a variety of guises.

Once beautiful, the priestess Durga Syn was
cursed with premature age and ugliness by the
Nosferatu Methuselah Baba Yaga. Since that fate-
ful night, Durga Syn has waged an exhaustive
campaign against the hag and her minions.

Recently, Durga Syn has discovered that her
ancient foe has arisen from torpor. Those few
vampires sufficiently knowledgeable in the Jyhad
to be aware of Baba Yaga's return feel that Eastern
Europe is ready to explode in long-postponed vio-
lence, as Durga deploys centuries-dormant pawns
and marshals the formidable supernatural forces at
her command.

For more information about Durga Syn, see
Children of the Inquisition.


Even other Ravnos know little about the enig-
matic vampire called Spider-killer. He haunts the
cities and wastes of the American Southwest,
wreaking chaos and destruction wherever he trav-
els. His mastery of illusions is well known and very
powerful; many mulo have met their end trying to
destroy him.

The earliest reports of Spider-killer's presence
date from Tucson in 1894, and since then his
reputation has risen to almost mythic proportions.
Though he has struck against anarch and elder
alike, his favorite targets seem to be the Setites and
Mexican Sabbat, whom he has repeatedly, tena-
ciously and ingeniously disgraced. A famous story
tells of his involvement in the revelation of a
secret Setite community in Phoenix, knowledge
for which the Camarilla prince was especially
grateful.

If Spider-killer truly has any goals, they cannot
be gleaned from the course of his actions; his
appearances are seemingly random, as are his tar-
gets. His path wanders all across the desert, as far
south as Mexico and as far west as California.
Rumors often tell of Spider-killer accompanying
other supernatural beings, including Lupines and
magi, who aid him in his seemingly entropic agenda.
No one seems to know exactly who he is or
from whence he came, though some of his reputed
powers have led many elders to wonder if he is
actually a remnant of the Ravnos Neve. Some
georgio believe that he is not a Ravnos at all, but
one of the Nuwisha, a legendary breed of coyote
shapeshifters. Other stories suggest that he is in-
habited by the spirit of the trickster Coyote himself,
though this seems an improbable conclusion.

Appendix: Ravnos of Legena

Whether Ezmerelda truly exists or not is un-
known. However, there is no denying that she has
played an important role, time and time again, to
change the gaje's perceptions of the Rom. Through-
out the literature of the gaje, her name is used to
represent the quintessential Gypsy woman. Ravnos
elders are unwilling to discount this as mere coin-
cidence.

She is always described as a beautiful Gypsy
woman, with sparkling eyes, lustrous hair — and
bearing a crescent-moon birthmark. Her ways are
mysterious, her history unknown. Her visions are
powerful, her mind and wit sharp, and her influ-
ence has always been great whenever she has
surfaced.

Because of the elapsed time between her ap-
pearances, many elders maintain that she must be
of Ravnos stock. Others argue that Ezmerelda

+ Clanbook: Ravnos

Ezmerelda

could be a series of different Romani girls, each
borrowing the name for their dealings with the
gaje. These arguments are further fueled by her
supposed abilities: She is reported to possess the
Sight and to have appeared in broad daylight, both
of which would mark her as juvindo. These points
are retorted with the capabilities of advanced
Chimerstry; given sufficient mastery of the Disci-
pline, these tricks would be child's play.

As this argument has continued, many Ravnos
have tried to seek her out; all of these attempts
have proved fruitless. Whether she is a single
individual or a series of powerful Romani seers, her
influence has nonetheless been profound. She has
always been the heroine of the stories that include
her, and in the minds of the gaje, the name
"Ezmerelda" continues to be associated with the
power of the Rom.


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Name: Nature: Clan:
Player: Demeanor: Generation:
Chronicle: Concept: Haven:
SS Att ates SSO
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @0000000 — Charisma @0000000 __ Perception, @0000000
Dexterity. @0000000 Manipulation. @0000000 Intelligence @0000000
Stamina_ -€0000000 Appearance. @0000000 Wits. @0000000
<9<-0-< ensue 4-0 OS
vw Abilities SEE
Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting_________00000000 _  AnimalKen_____00000000 __ Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness 00000000 _ Drive___ 00000000 — Computer. 00000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette. 00000000 Finance. 00000000
Brawl 00000000 _ Firearms. 00000000 _ Investigation. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000 Melee. 90000000 Law_____00000000
Empathy. 00000000 _— Music. 00000000 __Linguistices___ 90000000
Intimidation 00000000 Repair. 00000000 Medicine. 00000000
Leadership_____oo0000000  Security_______00000000 Occult. 00000000
Streetwise. 00000000 _ Stealth_______o00000000 Politics 00000000
Subterfuge____ 90000000 ~—‘Survival_____—s 9 07000000 Science. 00000000
<9<-0-< —————————————— +0
SSS Rat 3 8 ooo
_ Disciplines Backgrounds _ Virtues
Animalism__oo000000 ooooocce Conscience 0000
Chimerstry_~ 00000000 00000000
Fortitude 00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 __ Self-Control___eoo00
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Qourage
00000000 00000000 8 BOO0O:
oO
som Other Traits——<- = ~~-CHumanity/PathOe- = --»-—-—- Health ——=>
00000000 es Bruised oO
oo000000 DODODODOO00000 Hurt io
eee ene - Willpower ——~-~ Injured = O
D00dd000~— 2:2. 2 0.0.00 9*0"O Wounded 2 0
sooddone,. HUOUEAOUWEH Mauld 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Pool —*" Incapacitated O
00000000 oa we
cocoon OOOOOOOOOO 4, sree
cocoov0 AO OOOO000 te ena

estincmnit ine aie §

tft.


it Ravnos-

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
<0 sss Merits & Haws ee
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type

0s SS Experience SSS — oO

TOTAL: TOTAL SPENT:

Gained From: Spent On:

<== Derangements== 34> === Derangements ==
Name Name

‘Weapon Difficulty | Damage | Conceal] Range | Rate Clip Brawling Table

Maneuver. Accuracy Damage
Bite 5 Strength +1
Punch 6 Strength
Grapple 6 Strength
Chw 6 Strength +2
1
1

Kick ‘Strength +1
Body Slam Special See Options

Armor:

eT 1 5 as a a

=H


it Ravnost

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
208 =, +0+O=—
i ——Expanded Background
Allies Influence
Clan Prestige Mentor
Contacts, Minor Resources
Contacts, Major Retainers
Herd Status
 ————————— .
Possession:
Gear (Carried) Equipment (Owned)
Feeding Grounds Vehicles
Oey Havens SEOs
Location Description
— = — x x he
I I ot T T VT T TT T TT YT


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
~<SOse¢< History 20
Prelude
Greatest Heists.
Talismans Stolen
Gypsy Family Allies.

<0 Appe Se ——————— ee

Age.

Apparent Age

Date of Birth
RIP.

Hair

Eyes.

Race.
Nationality.
Height,
Weight.

Sex,

Se)

Visuals

IOP

ww

Coterie Chart

Character Sketch


Gypsies, vagabonds and charlatans, the
cunning vampires of Clan Raynos roam
the night as they indulge in the most
dangerous of games — lying to the liars,
tricking the tricksters, and gleefully
receiving curses from the Damned.
From Bel Air to Bombay, from
Shanghai to Sarajevo, these nomadic
vampires wander where their citybound
Kindred fear to tread. Now learn of
the Ravnos' secret arts, and the
centuries of hate that can lie behind a
jester's smile.

Clanbook: Rayos includes:

e The history of the clan, from
Mohenjo Daro to Birkenau.

© Information on Ravnos around the
world, and the bitter schism between
Gypsy and georgio.

» New Merits, Flaws and Chimerstry
powers.

GAMES FOR MATURE Minons
56504

wl
