# File: Red Talons (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

wRIBERO O K:


Culling the Herd

This is no place for a wolf
The mud clings to Red Shadow's paws as she runs
along behind Blood Rain and his pack. The swamp
water fills their tracks and the smell of i distracts her.
Iedoesn't smell lke earth. It doesn't smell like water.
Te has an odd, thick scent that muffles her own, the
other wolves', their prey's. After a hunt, Blood Rain
says, the pack will need to go to the salty water to
bathe, or else they will all smell like swamp water for
days. At frst Red Shadow hadn't known why this was
id thing — covering her own scent would
ore stealthy hunter, wouldn't it? But after
fn hour i the bayou, she idescatda. The swanip
scent is greedy. Ie wants the wolves to carty it
She hears an owl scream and other birds answer.
The swamp is restless tonight. Red Shadow slows and
Jowersherhead, cautiously, peeringout into the bayou
foalgatos. The cowardly beatshave no scent until
they strike, and then they smell rancid and hot. A
Coy tee Rada pack idx ot a
o. He was ni 1, but a Kin wolf. He never
Fesifabel isl Shadow thinks on him now and feels
an't identify

The pack is hunting. She tries not to think of
them as her pack, because she has a pack of her own.
But her pack, bonded by Raccoon and led by aho

if this is aren It does not seem to come from her
human-mind, but neither can she find a similar
feeling in her wolf-heart. She stops wondering and
focuses on the hunt.

Red Shadow's feet ache from the effort of pulling
them from the mud. Their prey is fa away weniht
She looks at the oth ub
Fe thcaigh t Rit o Pemas tee
She wonders if they are tired or cold. She decides: oo
must be, because they all have the same fur and the
same skin. But they do not show it and neither does
she. And on they run.

ers — four

The prey hues together, ightened and cold.
Even though they cannot smell or hear the wolves
coming — they ae sal ee Wrst a

on, with a backward glance atthe water.

tl hey are in danger. The young gather close


to their parents. They all look out towards the bayou,
not knowing why, simply feeling afraid.

"The ground grows solid under Red Shadow's paws.
They ar leaving the bayou, but the swamp water
like h

to the dark woods, looking for answers there. She
cannot smell or see any.

The prey ison the move. They still cannot see or
seed Se but they know, somehow, that the

iman clothing,
aden She had to wear human clothing for

They begin to shift, uncom-
fat tnd then t move, sow at i and then

She didn't understand, but her alpha toldhertodo
And then her alpha had asked for her

pore the night. Ifasked, even by one who could under-
stand them, they could never understand why they feel

second skin, colored in a way she couldn't understand,
and tried to whine, butshe couldn't, not with a human
thou She'd el chat heavine i ber womach then,
t00, but hadn't tried to
Bed Shadow' ena peck smut oce the peck
anu dives for cover. The cul with the pack stats off
feet it, but Rush-of. W bho

some place in their primitive minds knows the
aca and tells them to nu

‘And run they do.

Blood Rain stops and snarls at the wind. Red
Shadow lifts her muztle and sniff. She smell it 00 —

Red Shadow

prey ne

lowers her tail abit; she nearly chased the prey herself
But she understands — this hunt is more important
than finding food.

as fast as the prey can
ove the ota el ee shee boc they can
cross terrain that their prey cannot

Red Shadow thinks about prey. She is not from the

swamps. No wolf aapack when she

be, for she has learned that her mission as a Garou is

down fresh and sweet smells. The ground caught these

than finding a warm place to sleep? Red Shadow tests
that notion in her wolf-heart and finds no disagree-
tment. More important than mating? She has never
mated, so her wolf-heart is still silent. More important
than her true pack?

‘to mark with their own. The ground did not produce its

‘own smells to cling to the wolves.
ButRed Shadow must have had her own smell that
clung to her, for the other wolves were afraid. She
her own prey, but it wasn't the same. She was not

fa. Bu the ume ene, her human-aniol peas
She shakes her head a bit and coughs. The
werewolves look back at her, but she

the alpha,
strange eating frst.
Inthe days before her Rite of Passage, Red Shadow

Ifthis hunt

her true pack, then why is her true pack not with her?

hunt, bur Blood Rain told her not to tell them. Her

wish came from her human-mind or wolf-heart. Blood

isn't sure. To her, wishing is like hunger, and the wolf-

She fels the bond between her and her packmates tug
ather, and she wishes to call out to them and tell them
here she is. Butthe L

the human-mind.
Red Shadow thinks about prey, about how the

in her that her wolf-heart feels it just as her human-
mind knows it — says that she must submit to those
both

where, eating themselves into starvation. She once
fee rage when she thought of humans she thinks of
sm under the hal

higher-ranked and stronger than she.
Which sright? Asa Philodox, she knows she must

anower thee questions Buton her Rite fase she

was only presented with questi

This one, both her ea teraprres rt

She runs closer to the head of the pack, looking

she all does. But she doe ee them sensual

rou aren't human, as much as they look it.
That Goal heal cilgecan paoerten ooo
water and storm and blood. Human-smellis false from
the paints they use on themselves.

Culling the Herd


Blood Rain thinks all the humans should die. He
says they die easly, and if ll of the Garou were to act
swiftly, they could kill the strong humans first and
hhunt the weak. Something about that plan stirs Red
Shadow's wolf-heart, but she can't tell ifit approves or
not. And so on she runs, behind Blood Rain, feeling
like a pup again.

The pack changes direction, and the ground
slopes away. The valley is small, and Red Shadow
knows that a warren of rabbits is nearby. Her tongue
lolls out as she thinks of rabbit, feels the chase, the
sudden turns, the leap, and finally the satisfying
crunch as tiny bones break in her jaws. She wishes!
hangers for rabbit, She has nt eaten one in some
time. ht Red

shies away from it, cheb Rush-of-Wind-Howl
and Rain Eyes the Thearge, ey each oer. Rain
Eyes growls to Blood Rain, "Taint her.

Red Skadow expects Blood Rain's eyes to fill
with fury as they do in battle, but instead they look
thoughtful, and the sight of human-thoughe in wolf-
eyes makes Red Shadow shift a bit. "We have other
prey tonight," hesays. Red Shadow's wolf-heart speaks,
and she follows it, whining. She knows the Litany
and so do the others.

Blood Rain turns on her and nips her flank. She
turns and lowers her head and tal, but growls to him,
reminding him of their duty. The war is more impor-
tant than che hunt, ifthe hunt is not part ofthe war.

bbuthunch closer to

Shadow about soa He prey's spirit after eating.
She always does so now, even when her pack finds
already-dead food for her, even if she does not know
the prey's name, she thanks it. Thanking the spirit
shows respect, She isto respectall beneath her: Does
that include humans? Are humans prey? The Litany
prohibits eating them. But they are beneath Garou,
because they are stupid and nearly blind.

Red Shadow ai that once to he pack, "Then
why, ast, the No-Moon, asked, "do they rule
orl

On her Rite of Passage, Red Shadow learned that
No-Moons question to teach. Butalthough she under-
stood Stone Beast's question, she cannot think what
she has learned from it.

The prey stops. They merge with another herd,
and stay together. They are not quiet. The night
carries their noise to the wolves, but they have
forgotten their feeling of terror. Now they eat, unable
tosense the pack. They mighthave escaped, had they
not stopped here.

Red Shadow. And Blood Rain, pethaps recognizing
her wisdom, perhaps worried about breaking the
Litany, curns his head in the direction of the scent.
"Follow quickly, and ind the taint. We will complete
your hunt after.'

The pack slips into the brush, quiet and graceful,
and Red Shadow wonders what Blood Rain means in
calling the hunt "hers." She isnt leading it;she doesn't

‘This is the first time she has hunted with Blood Rain,
true, but why should that make such a difference?

She reminds herself that she is but a cliath, n«
imsch oc tha 6 pp Aral hte she sha off
thought and listens to her wolf-heart. She might be in
battle soon, and battle isno place for the human-mind,

‘The scent grows stronger and now, in addition to
the sweet-wrong smell of whatever marked this trail,
Red Shadow smells metal and heat. She whines and
bares her teeth — something is nearby, and it is
nothing of Gaia, She remembers a smell like this,
something her packmates called a "bulldozer." But this
is different, this smell comes from a live thing.

The otherGi

The wolves cl the valley
their run. Blood Rain knows the prey has stopped. Red
Shadow cannotexplain how he knows what he does —
she cannot sense theie prey at all. She does not ques-
tion Blood Rain, she merely runs on with the pac

A strange smell, lying across her path like a ser-
pent, stops her. She nearly howls the Waring of
‘Wyrin's Approach before checking herself. Instead,

begin to change to Hispo. Blood Rain runs ahead a
thor distance, while Rain Eyes and Rush Wind-
lowl move to Red Shadow does not change
form, bot tap behind with the young Gacou, She
knows she isto do this; her wolf-heart speaks it clearly.
pup is not to be put in danger during this hunt.

From ahead she ears ry of pain and then the
‘metal and sickness to hot blood.

at the ground.
The smell is a wolf marking its territory, but the
smell is wrong. Instead of the bitter warning that a

Set fel Rage rise within her and the cub slinks back,
but she barks at him and he stands still. She is not an
alpha, but outranks him, and so he obeys. She has

pack. Itsmells more like flower than wolf, and the cub

leader is away when the creature attacks.

4 Red Talons


time to consider why. The creature is shaped like a

wolf, but it is no cousin of hers. It slams into her side,

howling. Blood Rain immediately silences her with a
sharp growl. She stops howling, but does not back

rolling her over, and both of them land on the jutting
f

side, but

down. The heaviness she carries has not gone away,
Aas he other G: blood

it fades immediately as she takes on the Hispo.

The false-wolfbacksup. Itisn'tasbigasher Hispo
body, but close. It looks like it might once have been
agray wolf, but now its fur isslick and black-green in
places. Ir circles her, unafraid of the beast it faces. Its
eyes don't show wolf-heart or human-mind. No
thought behind those eyes, only pain and hunger.
Red Shadow snaps at it, meaning to drive it back, to
ive herself some or false-wolf lunges,
biting her muzzle and holding on

How this creature masked its scent before, Red
Shadow does ot know, but sec aoa smell it

but the

that she knows came from more false wolves, it only
grows worse. She whines to Rain-Eyes about the
wolves, asking what they were, and he only responds
that they were tainted.

Red Shadow knows that should be enough, It is
not. She wants to know how they were tainted, but
does not ask. The pack is running again. Blood Rain
takes the lead and sets a harsh pace. Red Shadow
keeps up casily, but the cub lage a few etrides. He is
not yet true Garou, since he has not snderyoee his
Rite of Passage, and no matter how healt!
matter how wel fd he might be, nothing chen

iow. The false-wolt's scent is:
Bec ec steels eno Ral Shehowt
tmuzile and she feels the fox eat at her heart. Her
hhuman-mind drives the fox away — she has faced
worse than this, and this creature will not frighten her
simply because it wears the form of a wolf

ts back on her haunches and tosses her head.
The false-wolf goes flying into a nearby tree with a
sound of rabbit-bones between teeth. It stands too
quickly and starts toward Red Shadow, limping, but
not hurt. But Red Shadow has already leapt.

angs meet around its throat, and she pulls
back. The false-wolfcollapses, blood stainingthe leaves
and ground around it. Red Shadow barks a rebuke at
the pup, who stood frightened while she fought.

The false-wolf's blood smells like its mark, sweet
and wrong. It ewitches once, dying, and Red Shadow
howls from somewhere in her wolf-heart. She hears
the other Garou approaching, but does not cut her
howl shore. She knows that this wolf was not always
false, and itis that knowledge that spurs her to howl.

The prey has forgotten the wolves. Other prey —
smaller animals like rabbits and squirrels — hear the
hhowl and race for their burrows. But the wolves' prey
does not hear. They do not fear. They do not hide
They are a different kind of prey, larger and stronger.
Together with their herd, they are deaf to the how!
from the forest.

The prey leaves the herd and begins to journey
back to where they were. The fear they felt before is
gone, andnow they donot spare ta thought. They wll
find their chosen nesting place and sleep.

A Garou can
adapt easily deirgents heart changing as human-
mind suggests, but that sees requires will, and
he has not learned his purpose yet. He isstill spurred
by his wolf hoary ei ag ls wot hare
is that the alpha requires him to run. That motiva-
tion, while powerful, is not the same as the one
wuiding Red Shadow and the other Garou. Red
adow is not sure why Blood Rain saw fit to bring
him, but she does not ask.

New smells on the breeze cause Red Shadow's
hackles to rise. The stink of human-road — hot even,
at night — mixed with the not-unpleasant carrion
smell of decay. Red Shadow knows that where hu-
man-roads scar the land, easy prey can be found in
times of hunger. But she also knows that prey living
too close to such a road gain an odd flavor to their
meat, as though the road saturates them somehow.
She caught and killed a rabbit near a road once. She
choked on the meat, the odd texture coating her
tongue and causing her teeth to ache. [t wasn't until
some time later when she rode, grudgingly, in a
hhuman-car that she identified the taste. Poison, oi
rubber — the road is all this and worse.

Blood Rain leaves the woods and growls for the
others to stay. rent later he returns, bidding
them to follow. The five wolves set off in a new
direction, running in a ditch next to the human road.

Red ars soft hiss and smells fumes — a car
approaching. Harsh, white light washes over the wolves,
but neither they nor the car slows. The wolves are
below the light's notice, and on they run.

The ground beneath Red Shadow's paws is soft
and muddy, not unlike the swamp. The smell of the

Culling the Herd


water is much the same, but a tinge of oil — likely
sm the road—mingles with the swamp-smell. From

The wolf racks lead in acircle and in the direction
of the ditch. The ground grows black and pulpy, much

mockery
‘of a howl, and Red Shadow thinks again, this is no
efor a wolf.

return to their nesting grounds, and
bustle about preparing for sleep. They arrange their
nests, they pass waste. They cannot smell what the
wolves do—the greedy swamp only yards away as they
defecate. The swamp is not choosy. The swamp takes
what nourishment itis given, and ifthat nourishment
befouls it, the swamp cannot tell the difference.

The smell changes again, The road ends and the
oil-scent leaves the water, replaced by apungent, thick
odor of waste. Red Shadow recognizes i as human, as
does the cub, wary. A snarl from Blood

will nothave torun beside the road again. Butthe trail

stench worsens. Something in the
clearing up ahead is causing the smell. Red Shadow
brushes Rain-Byes to ask if he smells taint, but he
cannot smell anything at all. Red Shadow bids him
stay back, and goes on to the clearing alone.

The prey sleeps. They do not dream of polluting
the swamp or the forest. They do not dream of Wyrm,
Wyld, or Weaver. What they dream of is their own,
concer. Since they will not dream again tomorrow
right, however, one might hope their dreams are
pleasant. The pack is coming for them.

Inth ‘The water isn't stagnant

Rain keeps him moving.

The wolves climb up the sides of the ditch. Now
that the road has ended, they have no reason to run
along the ditch floor. Red Shadow is glad for this; she
already carries the swamp-water scent and has no
desire to smell of human dung as wel.

The pack runs on, slower now. Blood Rain seems
unsure ofhis path, and stops often to find the trail, The
thought hate might not be able pick it up agin

— Red Shadow can hear water falling or splashing
from somewhere — but it smells worse than standing
water. The wolf prints go up to the edge of the water,
and Red Shadow follows them, knowing that no gator
could survive in this fetid poo

‘The wateris murky, even atnight, butRed Shadow
knows that it isn't algae or mud. She backs off in
disgust. She looks across the pond, trying to see the
other side, but she can't tell where the bank begins and

crosses

tea me wolf bles She wants to go, fnot home

to the forest of her birth, then at least back to the sept.

But she dares not breathe this to Blood Rain, as he

would see it as a challenge. So she waits until he finds

the trail, and the wolves run on.
Th fi

to burrow into her fur. She snaps at them, wondering

if she should howl to summon the others — this

despolition of Gaia i surely more important than

their hunt?

Her wolf-heart rousesan alarm within herandshe
for dan

he ditch, neal Gib baal
waste grows stronger. Rain-Eyes barks softly to the
‘others and nods to the ground — wolf tracks. Blood
Rain nods to him and to Red Shadow, and the wo
Garoufllow the aw prints int the bh, They wl

find Blo Rain agin after they cover where the

jumps, inger.
nothing but the flies, She turns around in a circle and
growls to Rain-Eyes. She hears a choked tron! in
retum. What startled her? Everything is so ae

She cannot even hear the pond an

tracks lead, Red Shadow'
Red Shadow had {eos the waste-stench to

when ar fs spproached i, she heard a pant le
bling.

Ors a ne drinking

gn ain's
chosen trail, but instead it grows worse. The smell
reaches up around the Garou, penetrates their noses

killed poeta was. This one is already dying. Perhaps it
has had itsrun of strength and rage, and now the poison
hat is left. It walk be

shakes his head again and again, trying to clear it. Red
dow knows that he has never
place, She hs, an doesn't bother trying to expel the

stiff legs. Its muzzle is caked black from the pond, and

its entire coat is the same black-green color that the

stronger one's was in patches. It lurches toward Red
shad th

scent. ll
props papeeara pabpty change to human
form herself. She will not change to human form while

‘on a hunt, so she endures.

in its eyes. Not hunger, realizes Red Shadow, thirst.
ir creature thirsts for pure water but cannot
walk far enough to find it

Red Talons


‘ed Shadow doesn'teven need to change shape to
Kill the wolf. She tears out its throat and sits next to it
wondering, even though the wolf isn't prey, if she
should thank its spirit. Her wolf-heartissilent, buther
hhuman-mind thinks something should be done for the
wolf. Red Shadow does not know the Rite of Cleans-
ing. Perhaps Rain-Eyes does.

She walks away from the pond to find Blood Rain
and the rest of the pack waiting with Rain-Eyes. She
starts to tell Blood Rain what she saw, but he knows.
That is why he took her on this hunt. He licks her
muzzle and nods off into the brush, and she knows that
there are the creatures responsible for the poison. And
thatiswhy this hunt isso important. The hunt satest,
and itis not over yet

The wolves have a long run back when the hunt is
cover, but now they run with rage. Even the cub feels
the urgency, though he might not know the reason for
it. And although Blood Rain leads the pack, Red
Shadow keeps pace with him,

The youngest of the prey gets up from the nest
and stumbles to the place where the prey passes
waste. It doesn't know the wolves are coming. Itis
still half-aslee

often of far-off places shrouded in mist and of grat

ling monsters and Wyrm-beasts
that defy human-mind. Her descriptions are vivid
‘enough to cause her wolf-heart to send alarms and
sometimes during the stories, Red Shadow finds her
self growling, as though one of the beasts might leap
from the trees at any moment.

As the pack bursts from the clearing, Red Shadow
feels her wolf-heart question what her eyes and nose
tell he

She sees a human-car, but not running — it is
cold and dead. Two pointed domes, colored in a way
that her wolf-eyes can't quite make out, are staked
tothe ground neara ire pit. One of them is open and
Red Shadow sees a human-cub sleeping, but smells
another nearby

Blood Rain does not waste time. He takes on the
war-form and tears the still-closed dome from the
ground. Two humans, a male and a bitch, sit up, their
human-minds rebelling against what their hu
hearts remember. Blood Rain is a Full-Moon, a war-
rior, and he does not allow them the time to figure out


what they are seeing. His claws come flashing down,
and the bitch keels over, most of her throat gone.

The male stands to run, but the cub brings him
down, He attacks hesitantly, but Rush-of-Wind-Howl
urges him on. Red Shadow stands dumbly. She knows
that wolves, even Kin wolves, do not attack humans
bur fear them. Her human-mind suggests that Blood
Rainistryingto teach the pupnot ofear, butto protect

imself. Her wolf-heart feels oddly sickened at that,
but she does know why.

Rain-Eyes nudges her towards a wooden rectangle
nearby. From inside, she smells waste and, subtly
underneath, the fourth human. Red Shadow runs off,
taking on the war-form as she does. Dimly, she hears
the human-cub screaming, briefly, before Rain-Eyes
reaches him.

Red Shadow understands doors, though it took

4 fh d finds al

In Crinos form, Red Shadow can see some color.
The covering the human-child wears is a red-orange
color. recognizes it.

"Sun dress," she says, the human words tearing
themselves from her half-wolf throat

The human child oly whimpen. Red Shadows
jaws snap forward. She has no wish to prolong pain.
Hat wolbbeart wl eto ile. Her Mean
‘mind is strangely silent.

The prey's cooling bodies lay in the wreckage of
their nests. The wolves circle the wooden building
that coversthe pit, and enactariteto cleanse it. Onthe
way back to the sept, they do the same to the pond that
has been fouled by the prey's waste.

If every wolf rose up, thinks Red Shadow, every
wolf and every Garou, could we cull them all? Could

practice.
bitch-cub sitting over a pit. From below she smells
waste and swamp water, and feels rage rise.

The human-cub looks up and its eyes grow wide.
Tks mouth opens, but it does not make a sound

entire
pits and seep through the ground into the swamp? She
knows Blood Rain thinks s0, and so does not ask. She
peers out into the swamp, wondering how many hu-
mans must be culled before they stop fouling the earth,

She neitherhearsnorsmellsanswers,only heswamp.


a

Ek ee aS

©...

BY MATTHEW MCFARLAND
(WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REN AGEN

bo ALONS |

AES

J afhe Z

Gels
Author: Matthew McFarland. Werewolf created by
Mark Reine Hagen.

lage
Developer: Ethan Skemp
Editor: Aileen E. Miles
Art Director: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Steve Prescott, Ron Spencer, Drew Tucker
Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh
Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E.Miles

CAME Stuplo

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the Purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
sich may be reproduced for personal use only. White Welt Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registecal
Getmarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights recrect Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Arlivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Mind's Eye These, Werewolf the Wild West, Rage Actoss the
H womellers Handbook, Werewolf Players Guide and Tribebenk Red Talons are
i corte fy Wha eine ne AllighsrseredAllcharccr nae ane eens

nc.

'e mention of or reference to any cor
or copyright conceme:

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
clements are fiction and intended for entertainenr Purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised,

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLE.

Check out White Wolf online at

heep:www.swhite-wolf.com; alt-games.whitewolf and Fec.games frp storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

10 RedTalons

trom,


>.

Fok. 8

Reo

Confort
Legewdt of the Garo: Ciltng the Perf Zz
Capper One: Blood Uiepory) 12
Deapher TViree: Bopat (Character Creatlon) a

Ven

Ee On One:

ALOUS

Az

Contents 11 }
N

A=


N

"The evolution of the human race will not be accom
plished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the
millions of years of wild animals, because man is and
always will be a wild animal

Charles Darwin, The Next Ten Million Years

Moonlight shines down on the caem and the forest
{from one tiny sliver. Tomorrow, no moonlight will shine at
ail. Tonight isthe last night ofthe crescent moon and a
special rite is taking place. Tonight the contagion will be
‘erased and and reclaimed. But the rte won'tbegin for some
time yet, as it has to be timed so thatthe climax coincides
with the moon setting and the sunrise. And so, in the
Glyph-Circle, sap and bark scents mingle with the rich odor
of blood on teeth, of water on fur. The Red Talons gather
10 pass time nti Sunrise-Heart can begin the rite

The septis one ofthe few left that belongs only to the
Talons. They know, or have been told, that some time ago
the Talons had many caerns that they tended to and hunted
from. They gather in the Glyph-Circle and listen to the
Galliards howl of wolves and deeds that happened before

The first howl rises up above the trees and others join in,
telling the story along with the Galliards or adding details to
make the story different this time. The Garou do not know
ifthe events in these stories ever really happened. They were
not there, after all. But these stories have been told down
through the ages, parent to cub, ancestor to descendant. It
doesnot occur to the Te

One Talon, a Galliard called Silent, does not how.
Before his First Change, a trap left him unable to hol, bark.
‘ormake any other sound. When he tls stores, he does sowith
body language. When the others hout, he only listens, eyes
shut, seing the word as it was when the stores took place.

meal

When the world was Forest and Ocean and Plains,
before City or Road, there were no animals. Gi
called up the plants and the rocks and the winds, and
each of them found a mother in the Triat.

The Weaver looked at the rocks and settled into
them. The Wyrm rode on the winds. Butthe Wyld bound
itself up in the plants, and there the trouble began.

The plants began to grow larger and faster. Moss
covered the rocks that the Weaver so loved, and they
began to shift uncomfortably. Plants shed spores that
rode on the wind, the Wyrm spun the winds into
stormsto shake them loose. Butnothing deterred them
fr h, andthe Wyld could them. Plants

Red Talons do not tell stories for mere entertainment.

grew on and the world became green. They covered

Chapter One: Blood 13

i"

XN

Pins

ih a

bg

eam

ANY

\N

A ff ham

heC

lose, and so the Weaver taught

as the trees and grasses soaked it up greedily.

Gaia grew cold. The rocks beneath Herrumbled in
displeasure and storms raged above Her, but the Wyld
was nowhere to be found. The Wyld let the plants do
as they wished, but all they knew was what the Wyld
taught them — how to grow.

Finally, Gaia became tired ofbeingcold and endur-
ing the groundshaking complains ofthe Weaver and

‘And as they were animals, these new creatures
already had the Wyld's gift of growth. The Wyld
thought these creatures would eat the animals just as
the animals had eaten the grass, leaving nothing
behind — but they did not. These new animals —
predators — had gifts from the Weaver and the Wyrm
as well as the Wyld, and so were balanced. They had
not only hunger, but also understanding.

L

Woldeiar if the plants +
thing, She would bring something forth to control them.
The Wyld did not answer.
Avimal
So Gaia brought forth animals. She brought forth

animals befor, thi varied. Some swam
the Oceans ond River, some flew in the ses, some
— the forests, some climbed the rocks. The first

— prey —leamed to gather in groups and to

breeding, sdators always had enough to eat.

a multitude to feed on the plants. Some were huge to
reach the tallest trees, some tiny to eat the smallest
blades of grass. Some flew to swallow up the spores in
the air. Some swam the Ocean and Rivers to eat the

ais "Weaver and the Wyrm weren't completely
but they agreed that things were better now

con: Kaeser nil he prey wee belt bc

trolled. And even the Wyld (though it never said it

‘grew on never

sales ake ae growing the Ocean's
floor. Some scoured the rocks eating the mosses and
in the Forests, chi the bark.

cher life, since
it grew and changed but did not bow before anything.
And the Earth stopped shaking and the skies knit, and

And the Weaver and the Wyrm looked at these
creatures — and were not pleased. Now, instead of moss

the cycle for some time.

Cig

the Wyrm's winds to catch spores. The world was now
‘even more chaotic than it had been, and moved much
more quickly, as the animals bred Clb And
then Gaia, the Weaver, and the Wyrm realized — the

The vi The
Weaver stood firm, wishing for the stones and the
hile th

able to topple the mountains. It took time, but even-

Wyld had bound
Geta sed the Wid to mop, that che animale were

the skies fought. The predators, as their food began to
di found

begone, leaving nothing but bare earth and empty water.
SI ‘Wyrm and

places to hide, and waited. They hid in the places
be che Ot land, as the Ocean refused

so that animals and plants could live and grow.
But the Wyld did not answer.

‘SoGaia brought forth more animals, but these She
did not Is she fash-

to be caught berween the Weaver and Wyrm. As they
waited, they changed. Many of them grew smaller, in

was knowing that not all battles can be won, and they
found no shame in running from another, stronger

pr They did not take part in
the battle. Gaia to take a

4 sevaninels And unlike eee
of animals She created, She did not simply release
these new beasts. Before letting them go, She granted
them a gift from the Wyrm and the Weaver.

y
Gaia could not end this battle by bringing forth

y
could— She threatened to end everything. She would
he said,

From the Wyrm they Eating grass
ey

Id, and so the Wy

more rocks and no more winds. She would rather
he said,

From the Weaver, they leamed patience. Eating
be

had finally wrought crumble around Her.

14 Red Talons

WH

oy,


‘The Weaver and the although ‘t breed as
- The rer. into the they dob
rocksand each h
realising — so they said — that one could never numbers dwindled litle
angus the other. The surviving prey crepe out into They were weak when compared to the mighty

as Ec wel rebuilt itelf. The predators crepe out
again, many of them smaller: ll abl

the great cats. They could swim, but not well enough to
Oceans. They

tohunt and eat the prey.

could climb, but not fast enough to avoid the creatures
‘Wyrm knew

Butthe
decision. It sensed that Gaia was not serious in Her
threat — even the chaos of the war hadn't been so
{great as co make Her break Herself apart. Even if She
didso, however, the Wyrm was wind —and how could
Bien ert the Wr conld crs
great enough to drive Gaia to frustration, Gai
Rete erst pieces, andall that would be left
‘was space and wind — and therefore the Wyrm,
‘Some time ago, the Wyrm decided todrive Gaia to
madness.

Wyrm's quest for destruction began long
before the other tribes believe it did. In their quest to
Be tine, the have forgoten that mews

‘vem
that led it to choose humans as its tools, who can say?
Wyrm's choice, however, was horribly astute.

The Wyrm Stews Humans the Truth
‘One morning, some time ago, a herd of humans
cowered together under a tree. A great serpent had just
carried one of them away, and the others hudklled to-
gether, afraid thar the beast would retum if they moved.
As they waited, the Wyrm arrived, riding on a gust of
cold wind, and sw the helplessprey. took theformofthe
serpent, and wound itself around the tree under which they
sat. Anditwhisperedtothem of the true nature ofbalance.
Had the Wyrm said anythingels, it might nothave
mattered. Whatever lies it could have hatched would
have been lies, afterall, and the humans could not have
{told them the truth

ments of sunsets and to the
Triat. The Wyrm's descent likely started when the
‘Wyrm came into being.

Wheneveritwasthat the Wyrmembarkedon tstask,
it rode the winds and scoured the entire Earth, looking

— that they were prey only because they fed on plants

and not other animals. If they began to feed on prey,

they would grow stronger and faster, and then they

could claim territory like other predators. They would.
di dwould

flourished there. It couldn't act directly, but it knew the
time.

have to fear being carried away and devoured,
The humans listened, beneath the

‘watercan change an open plain intoacanyon, given time.
0 it looked over the world for its tools, the perfect
instruments of slow, deliberate destruction.
Itimmediately discounted the predators. The preda-
torsknew balance, andknew that ifthey killed toomany
‘ofaprey animal, no more would breed. It also decided
thar plants, while they were perfect in their ability to

tree, too terrified of the serpent to move or disagree

Likely they would have forgotten everything the Wyrm

bod if it had simply let them go. But just then, a deer

red too close and the Wyrm-serpent lashed out

tert Eien S080 ena et of his facing,
that they might grow strong.

ass out offear for their own lives, the! homens ate

blood.

destruction the Wyrm required in order to drive Gaia
sad. The Wyrm' P

wee serpent had told them the aa
Cha

The Nyrm Choe

Some time ago, ome were not the savage,

The We

The unthinkable had happened — prey had be-
come predator. The Weaver looked on in terror and
4

bloodthirsty nthe world
was young they were prey, and ate only fruits and
leaves They banded together in herds —
much as they do now — but if even a single wolf

Gaia undernood ha something bad beled the bu
predators, but was unwilling to destroy
Sie She Baouplc char thoeomans woul oe

approached them, they - Y
stripes made meals of them — great birds would swoop

stop ior 10 snuch, that they would feed on prey,
and that

down the slowest. The predators had to pay special

alone, as
fiiatnes do. Of course, Gala wos misaken.

Chapter One: Blood 15

we"

N

q

™

"La

Vl

Jia

‘2810m pjoj-puesnowp v auteDaq Aaep
"ayes spooyg 20} pooyq 40} 38n] 01 O44
sioc kag ei P ieee puy ‘umpoaig pue Sunes
xt] "poet e oo] 02 Uesog *éem xp Suope
ae ‘sue ee ang "Buyyy YH Suoun Sunpou
st a1otp pue ‘y]py stowepaid yy "2ueds pynom purysg y>q

f P
aroup ut Aaud jjewss podden Aoy 1 -sp19q 1942 atpop> pue
1pooj on ued Sun e Tuo Supyer ‘204 02 pudy auf J0380U Y>q
‘Uap pure 'sytf> yo sfeustue yo spudy was 9x04 A9y | ‘PUY

(05 ‘mou Sunos saya poo} 02 paystas SOK so eu
a ‘spray a8ny ur Zaypa8o. papueg sueMINY 2%

AO] WA A) atp IY SI SIU PUY "MoU TPO
on ystis ng uaned sag J9A9u aAey 4atp os
uy "sy szoaea/qy stp paataoay zaagu os pur
Saud, 24 JO asne29q Ayu ssorepaxd auter9q AO]

adsiys

pardasy
‘unx44\ 24p 99utanIed yo siowepaud ays aAKD/A\ ILL
Dupwing pour araeppieg,
‘uad,g\ 2p) apie sp APL
‘ou ang aewp o2 auled ayg 21 upstur au0U YT
‘yop and aq on ary pjnom a ae
Apeas 194 10u Inq — paygnon pur preye sem ereL)
‘uo 2x0U! on zuBaUE Aatp AOU PUL ‘AIP

d yoy woKpP i
op pt O pue soso ‘Suipsaiq aday Aoyy "29uKTeq,
anoqe pouea] 294 Aatp aaey sou uayp 20U pey Aaxp
spousea] pey ax yonus Moy JHeW OU ‘araM SUEUINY

i 4 i
{oxp mou ang "AsuINyD pu Mops [pHs axdM Ao "hand 30

‘uewpauasayp azoxs foyp ang‘ posuoula suey 942 289304
2yp yp] sowepaud ayp jose] axp ange Bu0] 10u‘poopu

ye 34 uawa pey suewiny ayp ‘y9] Aaxd
ou sem asayp 1eyp 49} pfor auadias ay jIs9I04 264 Sut
-ava] azo suowepaad 2up Aya payse ‘snound "ereC) pu
‘patiowa (putas ayp 01 pauanyas 9ours Suo] pey WA,
aup 40} ‘auadi9s ang atp) zu>dios ip qe
urejd a4p uo Aaud saya auny 02 3sa40y 942 49] $94]
atp UDILL "s90eyd 2940 0 Ho pepunog puE "ysnaq

P sp Hf
‘uo anoge poze] 3etp swe 3248 au astty "BurAeay pores
ssorpaid ‘A|mo]s "uatp puy eIMb sea asa10) wey ‘WH
aos 10g "2duefeg Inoge Woy Jo IY axp IYsNeA ey,
‘und g\ ap au S920} 94.7 PayDoY suELINY ay |

DP"


Sen

Blood or Lip?

Silent hears a new howl and recognizes it as
belonging to Fire-Friend, an Ahroun who has ven-
‘tured out of the woods and fought with dead-but-
diese

Alll except the wolves.
The great wolves felt that humans might be some-
what like them. Wes all, they lived in packs and cared
for ie ieee Th ey spoke with each other, just as
Pisteps che wolves and the busses could
= eat Perhaps the wolves could teach the
h bout breeding?

Spgar oie ae and de-

more than food, breeding, elie ‘or anything, and

The wolves did not know then what we know now.
'No one, not Gaia or any creature under Her, can teach
humans anything. Any lesson they are given, any gift of
Earth they find, they test and stretch to destruction and

what threat

yo

In years to come, they followed the hunt so

is attached to a truth, no matter how compelling the
evidence, the humanscannot escape the fact that they are

They followed
prey, and after they finally realised chat they were
pele aad a bth he Rec
ures, hey beganto feed on the blood oftheir
feet fellows Ardley weneso spe dine
thar their fellows still deny their existence, al-
though they do fear these blood-drinkers
The Wyrm does not care about such blood-
drinkers they do nothing to speed Gaia'scollapse

d

di behind. They did not One night pack toentert
fivhcn Gaia looked on ther in hormoriand | herd. She knew thiswasarisk—nopredator welcomes
vowedtotake every safe haven on Earth ftom another to its territory, and no prey will tolerate the
their huntand drank the blood of | presence ofa predator quietly. But quietly and stealth:

ily, she moved among the humans, watching
‘What she saw there was fascinating... and terrifying,
The humans had built huge mounds of earth,
altering the very ground around them. They did not
live in these mounds, however. They had built them to
house their dead. The wolf wandered around the
mounds and realized that, if viewed all at once, the
mounds would run together and resemble a serpent,

But the Weaver
died, they also ceased to change, which gives the
‘Weaver comfort. Garou who say the undead are

hi
them. She ran, but they chased her with their

servantsof the

claws. They chased her until they were far out oftheir
cory

territ

, but they
the Weaver.

Other predators saw what had happened, andioew

The Pitet Murder
‘The humans had learned to kill for other reasons
than survival. Some humans felt that a young male
‘human had to kill something larger than itself to be
OF

-predator —had not only: in another predator,
butalsohunted it down like prey. The worldunbalanced
a bit more, and Gaia wept and lamented. She decided.
that She needed help to keep the world in balance, and

nply
The predators of the world

She knew then that humans were going to cause Her
And yet She let the

‘watched in horror, some no longer willing to feed on
a Their meat had become tough and strange-

and they kept 0 close to their herds that many
I es ide cl was af to hunt chen ony longer

Is wie of Hes evsions

reps Tale
time ago, after the First Murder but before
the Bae War Gate Jed that She needed help to

frightened. mT

make t
d

predators. Humans were and are prey animals, and are

simply eating, breeding, and culling the ech

y. Inste ng

eo however, they used — numbers to-conceal
theit weakness. It worked — had the predators of the
world continued to feed cea pinitead

Of the weaker pr the bats and birds —
She asked only that they watch and report to their
larger fellows anything of importance. Of the lizards,
‘many of whom had escaped to the Oceans when the

‘ornot the humans were still prey, shied away.

Chapter One: Blood

She asked to remember anything important. Other
17

Se

N

(a

Aff


FLD

predators had tasks, as well, but they have since aban-
doned them andsome, ike the istbulls, became pre
as punishment. Gi the serpents, as She was
flak the Wom might lnperscnare thera gain cc
confuse Her other children, but they were jealous and
ign themselves a task — they, too, failed

When Gaia came to the wolves, She gav
special task in recognition of their bravery and loss in
the First Murder. They were to defend Her from
anything that meant to destroy or harm Her. The great
ce excited at this—it meant, they believed,
that they would be required to destroy the humans
entirely. After all, the humans were despoiling the
world and upsetting balance; surely it would be better
if they were gone, or at le

sotried

ve thema

made prey again. But the
‘Wyrm stepped in before the wolves could go to work
and saved his chosen race
Thee Wyrm Tokeke Cada

As the predators of the iis steed to their new
tasks, Gaia felt secure that ba ould be restored
Batthen the W\

fr could they even be expected to learn abc

Sain agreed, but had no other tasks that needed
fang And sothe Wyrm made another suggestion.
low he the predator to a the form of
and to breed with the the Wyrm
fal the predanes Gould teach unas sot balance
and the humans could help alo C

a considered, and then agreed. She went to
cach ofthe predaros in tur end granted them the
power to change into humans, and bade them go
among. them and breed. And most of the predators did
fate. Even wolves bred with
ss syns ge wg Sey ra
suffered in the First Murder.

And the Wyrm laughed and laughed, fornow each
ince now had

one of the predators assigned to keep ba
a human mind as well as the heart of a true predator.

‘Wyrm knew it had won; all it needed to do now
was wait

The Fiesp Mar

The predators did their jobs as well as they could,
but now that they had human-minds, they couldn't
help behaving somewhat like humans. They gathered
together into groups like the humans that they fa
vored, and they adopted rites and practices based on
the trappings that humans had invented. Meanwhile,
the humans banded together and discovered things
about the world

7

=F

A

aN

Hott

Ste sens toh of hho shop fies
‘eame to be and then cod beokng fom
behind him. Several pee: sa howd, loudly, this
version ofthe story

Gaia was not tricked by the Wyrm at all! The
power to change into humans wasn'ta gift from
Her atall« it came directly from the Wyrm. The

But,
of course, that did not happen.

The wolves went on the hunt and, when they
reached the first cluster of human-homes, they took on
the forms of war that Gaia had given them and advanced,
Butas they watched, a human came towards them from
thevilageandchangedinvossver white wo The wolf
bade them stop and asked what they were doing.

The seat wolves sid that they were coming to
destroy the hi nd f

cf , with each of
ing towards balance and with the great wolves
ready to slay the humans, his chosen race would
not be long for the world. He infected human
iy

eer evs ates oelead
that these humans were under his protection, forhe bred.
with them and protected them. He would make sure

Over!

‘of course, the predators learned to control it, but

tokill them. Afterall, with one of G:
teacher and patron, they would never menace Gaia.

to become shapeshifters.

then, as we do now, the nature of humans, they

believed If, and they ran on.

k

from the Wyrm as well. Gaia would never have
guided us to such a disastrous choice!

them as they descended, palo
a per He said the same thing that the is welt
did; he was sha here. He showed

They found that they could make fire, and they
wed it to drive away any natural predators who still
wished to feed on them. They found that they could
break the wills of some animals, and kept them close
until te time came to.eat them. Even the great wolves
Were not immune, and humans took the smallest

becca oe caly Sateegmgaelionana ese
lowed to survive in his domain, and the wolves ac-
cepted this and ran on.

We have no way to know how many villages had
Garou protectors. Some did not, and the wolves de-
stroyed them. Some had no Garou, but other predators

he

thehumans as their pack, and fought against anything
that came to harm the humans.

The humans found that they could alter the way
that plants grew and broke even the plants' cycle of

when the great wolves came at night todo their work,
they began to build walls, as well.
‘And so a great many packs of wolves — some that

wolves, tired and hungry, laid down together in a
valley to sleep.

While they slept, one of them — called Looks-
Sideways — had a strange dream, Rather than the
shadowy dreams of prey and running that most wolves
dream, he instead saw visionsin hishead ashumansdo.
He saw a great human-hive, full of humans yowling

preying on each other, but unable to escape.
‘Outside the hive were predators of all kinds, prowling

‘nuk choose to change into| thatcould the edges of the hive but unable to enter.
ot — came t ‘These wolves all believed in the ‘When: Looks Sidewaye awakened, he knew the
Bae On Bl ven then truth — no matter the best intentions, humans would
jand the balance restored, and none of not stop breeding, and so the wolves would have to
ae had sullied themselves ir breeding with the hu- continue the First War, no what. He told the
‘mans. The time had they decided, to wipe the alphas of his dream, and they listened, and decided that
{S ucthe mberthaseik fighting with other Garou the walves
Red che First War. It was not sn .
anattempt to reduce the humans' numbers and keep _of the Impergium that the other tribes remember, and

them to their settlements, nor was it born of anger or
revenge —at least, not at frst. The First War was tobe
the act that restored the world to balance, and make

Chapter One: Blood

indeed they even cam tha they were apart of Buc
at the beginning of it, there were no tribes, only the

=

y

iia

+ ff


eA ff bummer

fz

aby

.d Fell

ind th
i ds

d

in the hi

Tie Pitet War Coat

The First War — the Impergium — went on for
some time. We culled the humans, never breeding
with them, only taking their form out of curiosity or
necessity. Butod lid breed with them. Gradu-
ally, over the course of the First War, we began to
‘understand what that was doing to them. A Garou
born human grows up with a human-mind, but no
wolF-heart. The wolf-heart is natural, innate, but the
hhuman-mind can be learned. Therefore, human-born

fou are weaker than wolf-born, and always have
ie But many Garou had been seduced by human

there, ;
that they would await the answer to the question of
controlling the humans in their hunting grounds.
The bloody swath on the ruler's chest is and
‘bol be h

of the other tribes decided they had to have a glyph to
represent them, and over time have invented glyphs
for nearly everything under Gaia, But we were to first
to use the glyphs, purely by accident.

Fells-Trees and the wolves returned to their hunt-
ing grounds, but didnot pursue the Impersium. Al-

ms fee recognized that the Slvr Fang was stron
hi the

thet hanb songs: And finaly the nar boms de-
cided that the First War had to end.

‘Over the time of the First War, the tribes had
formed around the humans. Different Garou had bred
with specific humans and the wolves had come to trust
that those Garou would cull their humans' numbers
(which happened, sometimes). The largest and stron-
gest of the tribes, the Silver Fangs, called a great moot.
Everyi Th

announced that the Impergium was ended and that

there would be a Litany forall Garou. For a tenet to be

included in this Litany, all of the tribes had to agree on

it. And so the Garou began to decide on the tenets.
Bur our vote was never counted. The great wolvet

were

G

Red "Talons did not continue the fia ie only
killed humans when they wandered too close to aden
a

Time passed, and the wolves waited, but never did
learn the answer to the question: How to keep the
humans under control without killing them? They
question stands to this day, and no other tribe, not the
mighty Silver Fangs, the clever Shadow Lords, or the
gentle Children of Gaia have answered it.

Ptorman-Time Peghnt

‘Wolves have no need of time, but humans do. They

count every leaf on every tree, because they feel it gives
them more conto They had no contol during the
nd all eh

tribe, and did not notice when we did not vote.
It took some time, but finally the tribes decided
thel

to their homes and teach their cubs of it. It was then
hy i hey Full

Toc iaaatert rear were ever prey. They
cdo not remember the serpent that told them the truth

Time

Fells-Trees before, of

Moon called Fells-Trees, bellowed to be heard. He

‘course, since the very septis named for him. He wanders

how the humans would be controlled now that the
Impergium was e
The Silver Fangs responded th

know the great wolves were a tribe, otherwise they
ld

to Black-Paws, a Half-Moon, instructing a cub:

‘We have no glyph for "time," and never wil
Wolves do not understand that time passes, not
that things happen in time. They only understand

tofeed,

n given
Trees what the name of the tribe was. Fells-Trees
responded that a name was not important, and asked

istime
tofight, to run. Tomorrow, ifthere is such a thing
it may be time for all of that and more, but if we

again how the

fighting, or running now. We do not try to

the tribe, the Garou would not recognize the great
wolves, and would consider them simply a pack of
scattered marauders. And Fells-Trees raged and lashed
out at the Silver Fang ruler with his claws, leaving a
bloody swath of claw marks across his chest. The ruler

guess how long ago something happened. Perhaps
it happened a day ago or a lifetime ago. If it was
important, when it happened does not matter.

So there is no glyph for time, as we have no
need of it.

20 RedTalons

VY"

=7F

INN ee renews

But after the Impergium ended, they began to mark
time and keep histories. This would prove to have
consequences we never would have imagined. But some
time after the Impergium ended, we found ourselves in
adifferent kind of war. This one was not one we fought
because of our wolf-hearts. It was because of our human-
minds, and bears that mark of folly.

The War of Rage
‘Where the Silver Fangs had ended one war, they
another.
Red Talons became
form of Grimr the Bear-Slayer, a mighty Fenrir whom
cour packs simply called Greycoat:

Some time after the Impergium ended and the

Litany handed down, when Fells-Trees had wandered

"Ti

Rage began long before the
involved. Ie first came to us in the

into the woods todie in peace, and his cubs had become
alphas of packs, Greycoat came toour lands. The Talons
obeyed the Litany that the tribes decided upon for the
most part, but some of the tenets made no sense to us,
and since we were never given a vote, we chose not t0
follow them. The Silver Fangs had heard of such "trans.

gressions," heard of our tribe slaughtering and devouring

Human-Fjith

Silent winces and shies back as the howls become
discordant. Several we
thetr thoughts on
past and now. Silent listens, but a night-shattering
howl from Bom-in-Thunder silences the argument
The night is still for a few moments as the Talons look
at each other uncertainly, waiting for one of them to
take up the howls again. Finally, someone does, and
the story of the War of Rage continues.

es give voice — loudly — to
cating the flesh of humans, both in the

humans when they ventured toonear ourdens, and sent
Greycoat to determine the truth of the stories.
Greycoat entered our heting grounds wearing his hu
skin, and immediately two young Red Talons set upon
him. He flung them off with the strength of a bear, and
brandisheda giant stone axe. He demanded to be taken before
the alpha, and, recognizing a stronger Garou, the cubs did so.
Greycoat demanded to know ifthe Talons were eating
humans. The alpha — a No-Moon called Spring Stream
and acub of Fells-Trees — responded that they were eating
nothing (for Greycoat had not come during a meal)
Greycoat grew very a Talonshad ever
eaten of human flesh, and Spring Stream simply responded
that she could not speak for every Red Talon. Finally, on
the verge of rage, Greycoat asked if Spring Stream herself
had ever eaten human, and she responded that she had
not. Greycoat fumed, but asked no more questions, for
th \

Spring Seream had confused him withthe tut
-

ey

ngryand asked:


A LS damm

Zz

s\

WN

Gi night mighty houls of the Red Talons
and the chance to hunt with the Red Talons, which he entered the War of Rage.
accepted. The hunt thatnightwasfierce, forthe Talonshad The War of Rage continued for some time, and no
many wolves to feed, and th Many Garoubelieve

deer. ‘As the Talons feasted, beer pete fom te yo

that it ended with their victory, but it was a war born of
folly;a human-like :

to drag the meat away. The Talons saw, bu ae

the bear. The bear's kin, the Gurahl, while their task was
cal tert from the Talons', had never
so they were willing to share. But the Talons'
path elle bs intruder
Greycoat leape forward and slew the bear with one
auf hs wide oa The Taka backed eee. foarte

he had gone mad, but Spring Stream stepped forward and
asked why he had slain a fellow predator with no cause.
The Fenrir warrior answered that in his jand

The bears — and the Gurahl, he said — stole wolf cubs at

Corax, our friends and allies, and we when tured our

Fangs, we lost most ofthat knowledge.
Should we have fought the Silver Fangs? Ourwoll-
hearts and human-minds were in agreement on that
point. If we had, we would have been slain, No true
predator enters a fight it knows will be fatal.

In years past, humans hunted — prey and each
other — with false claws made of stone or wood, and
thatthe Red Ts

fh che decd bole se th

ag

they were found, he said, by order of the alpha tribe
The tid bg ther meal, but amidst whines and

d
fe no other rie should ever be targeted unless it
against Gaia directly, as defending Gaia from such
tvs the Garo' tak Ther mania sald that see
reyeoat had been gent bythe der
the Gurahl were to be killed, the Gurl
Shot elie. "Tha night, as they slept, Spring Stream
walked in the woods by herself, likely ooking for answers
What happened to her, no Talon knows. All that we
know is that in the moming, her body was found in pieces
not ar from where Greycoat had killed the bear. And again
the Fenrir warvior roared about the evil ofthe Guerahl, and
again the wolf-hearts and human-minds of the Talons
conflicted. Finally, with no alpha to guide them and the

taking stone from the earth and changing it into a
stronger stone, and creating sharper claws than ours
from i, we took notice. The humans clearly felt they'd
created something great. We recognized the hand of
the Wyrm, however, for they hadn't created anything.

that should not exist. The humans' creation of metal
was surely a great lesson in cunning from the Wyrm,
one that the Garou learned as wel. Before the humans
created metal, we had litle to fear from silver, as no
weapons were fashioned from it. But when humans
learned to make weapons that their race would fear, a
G

people feared. We know the tale of the first Ahroun to
change his claws to silver.
The Ahroun was called Luna's Smiling-Child, and
he was of the tribe we know as the Shadow Lords. He
bbuthissmil

was a lie, and he bore nothing but hatred in his heart.

Sova? Death
Asthe story continues and Silent listens tothe tales
of the slaughter of the Grondr and the Apis, he hears
aaquiet, liking howl from Last-To-Eat, a thin, ragged
Crescent Moon

Gi that ifhe di

see his own cubs born. But he was no true warrior,
though an Ahroun bor, and one night he walked into

made of metal. He said nothing, only smiled.

Did the bears kill Spring Stream in revenge,
when the Gurahl dus with-
out respect, even if they had reason? Did Greycoat
Kill Spring Stream for angering him with the
truth? Did the Silver Fangs instruct Greycoat to
call the Red Talons to the War of Rage? Was
Greycoat truly a Fenrir, or was he Garou at all?
Does it truly matter to our slain Fera cousins?

He went to the Silver Fangs and asked their
G 1

Ahroun for tales of battle and the most frightening
weapons of the Wyrm they had seen. He asked their
Crescent-Moon to speak with moon-spirits for him.

could grant them the "Gift" of Silver Claws.
Luna's-Smiling-Child learned the Gift as well,
went on to slay his enemies and sire pups. But

2 Red Talons

~

=a

Ivhen his enemies' kin came for him, he said that the
Sik the only trib Gift of

=.

After the War of Rage, the Talons retreated into the
m hop-

lver Cl 7

ch Id

he quietly slipped away.
He did not escape his shame, however, for Full-
Moons ofall eribes learn the Gift. However, young

still be some hope.
Weemerp sometime eee found har mich
had changed. The Hives had grown larger, and now,

nply dwellings that the humans slept in,

ha deadly secret.

Was it during the War of Rage, or before, or just
‘her?No Talon knows for certain. All we know is that
of

Great doence Melrmep ee We did not

nor do we now humans that insist on
bralnated their wheat we tell the legends of our
Past, we may remember the our ancestors

the

taught sy k the world and

‘int i gathered and re
"Intheir madness. Someday soon, said the Fianna, the

their own? Have they forgotten how once even they

Jina purge of the former Howlers.
TheRed'

ld

Daa our time in retreat, while we bred au
reared a Red Talons, the Weaver

inthe world. But we also believed in the Silver Fangs,
and believed that perhaps, just this once, they knew
the true nature of what was happening and would act
in time to prevent the worst.

‘We should have led the purge ours

—ortried. ind
while some of them leamed the lesson and became
leaders, most did not, and simply took what they
wanted from the world. The humans who learned
patience set up Litanies for the others, but most hu-
mans only follow their Litanies when someone is
watching. They have no hearts to tell them what is

correct and what is not, and their human-minds only
tell chem what will bring consequence and what wll
not. This was the Weaver's gift to the humans, indi-
rectly: law and consequence, and more importantly,

where,
‘the insanity thac the Wyrm means for Gaia Herself.
Or .

fought.
The War Quer Homant
Garou and Fera fought the First War and the War
‘of Rage, but the War Over Humans was Lent! by
and

the other.

When a natural law conflicted with a human
desire, they simply made up a human law to allow what
they wanted to do. If the natural law stated that
humans should avoid another predator's hunting

Weaver and Wyrm,
=! given the humans its gift ‘mi ing

ground, they made up a "God" and said that this being
Those

who claimed to know the God's mind became rich and

fat ill still gullible

to
sso wel
Hw

During the War of Rage, the humans had flour-
ished,

— believed their words.
And this has been the same wherever humans are
fedia ‘no matter if they even try to respect Gaia.
h

"other to kill or teach them. They had built walls and

‘sharper than anything they had made before. And
‘great Gaia, how they bred.
Humans do not breed in litters; most often, they

‘are out of joint
bers ith the world
The

The Red Talons are out of joint as well, as are all
Fera, because we have ahuman-mind. Doing our Gaia-
appointed taskis difficult with such an affliction, since
the humans have no task under Gaia, the human-mind
pushes and distracts the Fera away from their jobs. We

‘else bur breed, and they live much longer than wolves.

how! still about the Night

Chapter One: Blood 23

ad

Ne

TP

yA
hia


Cz

a

AN

A fS bammers

Some time ago, a Half-Moon called Forest-Edge
discovered a small herd of humans on his hunting
grounds. Rather than attack outright, he took on the
‘war-form and roared at them. The humans, their hearts

Thathive died out. Thisis what the Talonscan do,
and could yet, if we could only act. Yet we do not, for
fear of the other tribes' disapproval.

While the Night] set ‘chased humans oct
1e too

had an idea, one that spread quickly to other Talons.
U

close, truths were ansthg tocome to the ps We

ighten th
human, but not kill it. Then, the human would spread

knew, before the Silent Stidersin ther barren waste
lands or their hi hum:
thought, = the end was coming and the humans

reed, And, forati

Rosh ee ate Ane

this seemed to work.
Eventually, though, the humansfeltagreaterneed to
despoil the Earth and cut down Her trees than to avoid
"cursed places." Under the mask of "hunting "oop ‘d
‘humans in robes and bearing strange gifts came
pes ears vars Se ORIEL bins ooe
enough. Forest-Edge hime ded a the hande ofthese
humans, and the Night-Fear slowly fll out of practice.
The War on Human Cit

We do not know when it was, but we know it
ffland,

in one short year. We saw the
signs, and we tried to tell the ruler tribe. But no matter
how loud our howls, we were not heard. And so
could do nothing but breed, eat, and wait.

‘Some few of those prophecies were howled down

yet. One concerns a mad wolf raging across a fla
treeless expanse, crushing strange wolf-like creatures
in its jaws and bellowing in rage and sorrow. Another

storm down. These we have seen pass.
ibs hess

before the Last Days. A hive in these lands began to
grow, for the humans there did nothing but breed. A
small sept of Red Talons near the hive feared that
soon the humans would cut down the trees of their
forest to build more dwellings for themselves. A.

‘Ourances-
tors wake us some nights, and some of us ee visions of
metal beasts that swallow entire forests, tossing the

bodies into pits. We howl portents of a mighty black
‘Crinos with a Garou's head in each hand, screaming to

young Galliard called Qu | ventured to
the hive to see the humans up clote. When he got

sherhiee ang him "Garou!" He was frightened,

nut also curious, because he knew that the homid:
born werewolves also called themselves "Garou."
‘And so he approached the children.

From the Amazon, we have heard that Fierce Hun-
ger has seen the end of the war in a pool of water, that
a creature taller than the trees will rise from rivers to

7h Unspoken Proplocy

cE
ina trap. The humans who lived in this hive knew of
the Gar, that much i cetin, Not only did thei
cubs know our name, but the trap had also

ik ver en] QuickaorHigels agi arog pe
young, died in terrible pain.

Thatnight, the humans rejoiced atkillinga"mon-
ster." That monster was a true predator and innocent
of ever harming a human. What the humans did was
unjust, but the Talons took their revenge.

Over the next moon, the Red Talons visited that
hive every night. Some nights we took grown men
who stood outside hiding behind their fire. Some
nights we took women as they cackled to each other.
But most often, we took their children, and we used
no weapons or traps.

24 Red Talons

lent knows a prophecy of his own. He heard it
{from his uncle, a Crescent-Moon who died recently
Tohis knowledge, his uncle never shared the prophecy
‘with anyone but Silent — and Silent, of course, can't
share it with anyone. The prophecy cannot be written
in glyphs, for what it suggests is nothing short of

blasphemy. Nor could it spoken in human-tongue,
seen he Gro of se could understand it, for
the words simply don'

But Silent knows ere ofthe Last Defeat
The one fateful day that wil spell the end of the Red
Talons, when their last remaining bit of pride is
stripped from them.

Silent knows the prophecy of the human-bom
Talon. But he wouldn't utter a growl about it, even if
he could.

4

=a


ithe Wyrm'sforces. An old how! tells ofa dark wolf
hblood on his teeth that will come from abl
the Ge

aN

differences in place of birth. The other tribes did not
fare so wel. The Croatan fell, the Wendigo raged, the
U And the War of Rage began anew.

Fecal of hy the Talos ae not welled ©

The Storm Mar
Not only did Garou fight Fera, but Garou fought

aypased. Thatis why we tied to tel the other tribes
wesw, that they might look at it with their human-
dis wba ou woes wee snl
Never once have they i pwers. That
Beri vs, We are sl walting forthe anower
famuch older question, afterall.

Nat

‘Our task under Gaia is to fight, and so we have

Did Gaia choose us for our task well, did She
ow we would create our own work?

Garou as well. The Pure Ones fought to defend their
I 4

sometimes not, but most often to defend our own
lands. We did not fight the other Fera in this war,
however — at least not often. We had other matters.

The Umbra, the wolf-heart of the world, exploded
into storm, and we recognized one of our oldest proph-

The White Woff

Siete othe hoof her Wer,
forke koous thata young gibbous-moon
Hide hearshisancestor'shouds of this war, ree'
sarang tle ofthe time. Tenight sno different

During the Storm War, the humans rounded
up herds of prey and put walls around them, and
then were angry wolves jumped their
walls and hunted the prey. The humans began a
massive hunt for wolves, and any human to kill a
wolfwastewarded with mystical, glittering charms.
‘One human killed so many wolves that he had no
need of prey-herds anymore —he was sorespected

erhappened so
faimenesh Time afte al, mans lle to ws.

‘made his clothes.
But then a great Red Talon Full-Moon called
Heat-on-Sand came. He was pure white and he
across the plains to the hive of this wolf-
killer. On the way he st at every human
ried le a ‘animals, or, ifhe
ould not find one, one of their pu
Thehanan a tilerlad la ape Ure one
‘with his false.

, and fa the humans hadn't learned

wait, But Heaton: a a Cg kal eed
not

strange weapons
wolf-killer and the human screamed, knowing
that his time was t

Human legends told of the "white wolf," but

arived, tobe sure,
kept to ourselves. By the time we knew about the
mcoming, there was nothing we could do.
When the Wramcomer arived few Red Talons
with hem. More cameo the Pure Lands as

wolf-kille's throat was tom out, which is true but
Heat-on-Sandsalsotook the human'sskin and dliv-
cred it to the humans who di the shining
for would-be wolf killers. They would not

raed, of

I,

Griffin did ids, and all of

wwe do not es egal cach tes ree

Chapter One: Blood

his children bear his white coat and fierce heart,
and 30 itis even now.

25

eens

\

he

ae

w/a


eA ff dames

SW

¥

\N

ecies come to life. We fought when we could, but how
‘Our wol

Whoolng the War of Taars

Silent has heard the story of how W/yrmbaiter was
"Tears before, and th

Th di
when the storm finally ended, we knew who to thank.
the Gurahl's che Pure

still confuses him. As he listens to it this time, World-
Heart, aGi ds

Lands ever since, just in case one returns.
Du War, the hi

Wyrmbaiter was not tricked. He understood

gotworse, They raped the and saringit with ron al

thacthe Wyrm had wrought (for the Wyrm had sen fit
to keep the Garou busy

Bunyip, but attacked them regardless. Wyrmbaiter
War of Tears and cleansed Australia of the
fale Corns he Sis en tenon he

iu. Thee dea eral

feel are closer to wolf than the creatures that

cts heirs ot wil wad Ford the night Ue
spiders. The Storm War was a war with a thousand
enemies, and the Talons hardly knew who to side with.

the serpents, 2 stole a task from us.
And if they stole from us, what did they do to
the Garou that must have protected Ausaia be

fore the' che War of Tears

a
tribes, and our wolf-hearts responded to both. When-

would be the las time this would happen, but a much,
worse War was on the horizon. Our prophecies had
spoken of this war, too, but again, no one listened.
The War of Tears

Far across the Oceans, farther even than the Pure
Lands was asuange place of dese, foes and spits

was a long time in coming, but it was a just war.

Talons of this land are still there, and
Wyrmbaiter's line is still present. But the last son of

dj
listen to his howls. But he will be heard, or else he will
scream down the skis in rage, or so goes the prophecy.

The Blackened Earth

FS ey 80 long that the Triat bi Gaia i oukes

frerthe
Last Days, the humans ripped open Gaia's flesh, plumbed

taken on new faces, and the G:
name only. "They didnot rsd wth wees, bt sane
| And so

ichor. They builthives that chum out fouled airand water,

when the Red Talons arrived, they felt offended.
.eyanged into the wastes ofthisnew landandbred
ee the false-wolves there. In so doing, they lost bes

had,
speaks of such things. But we did not know what to do.

wee

Th
the world and the way of the Wyld, and

es, with

in one land is gray while in another she is black and this,
is fine. But after breeding with these "dingoes," the Red
that, all
time until the Wyrm found a way into their hearts.
‘Werememberthename of Wyrmbaiter, the mighty
Full-Moon that sired cubs from a dingo bitch and led

im
furthering the race. Human faith is a lie, for humans,

But the worst of all human-mind plagues is Harano,
‘When the world began to grow foul, many Red
Talons urged the reinstatement of the Impergium with
Andthetuler tial

ill the Bunyip. We
War of Tears,

time, an entire tribe died, their blood staining the
‘earth and the Talons howling victory over their

ies, We know what happened thereafter — the other
tribes took their caems, the Gall

and the great Zmei stirring
reached earth, we argued for action, and again were
ignored. We could not act out, for the ruler-tribes were
the alphas. And so we despaired, our tails and heads low.
The Tal id hu by.

of victory, and the Wyrm laughed and laughed, for
Gaia lost a tribe of Her finest children.

26

end to warrior, mother, cub, and shaman all.

Red Talons

WI

7


ee Wren wack, driving

=

‘many Talonsrejoiced. Butthen wel be that the seed
in sorrow.

If they kill themselves in ee process, will that

‘When humans went to war, that gave us hope,
But human war has changed.

Wars

aye it is that Gaia will simply drift apart, Lane
Wyrm will win.

Dobodlng

WNocdandt
‘When the humans are not killing each other, they
They

ATR

seemtowish theearth tobe reduced toaflat
cut down the great forests the world over — by Gaia's
Amery ancounpectcton thi oexellal What they

do wth he tes we dona kno. They no lng make

Fp iy ao en nent Wi

human lifetimes — to rebuild. Humans do not think
beyond their own lifetimes, however, for they do not
‘Our brethren G:

us th

humans "set aside"

simply retreat to our caerns and rest
Some time ago, though, humans used the same

them "parks" or
"reserves." The Children of Gaia and the Glass Walk-
ers seem to feel that this is evidence that the humans
are learning to respect Gaia. We say that it is evidence
thatthe humanshave won, when they can choose with

wand
‘many of them died indeed. They choked the land

spared, and Gaia's warriors respect those decisions.

‘TheRed Talonsfind themselveslivinginthese "parks"
sometimes We see them they are — the Wyld
way and itis not

rest Catan ac not the humans', and
‘we defend them when necessary, but in many places, the
Talons recognize the wisdom of notkilling humans attheir
doorstep. Every wolf knows not to shit in its den. Instead,

They

.—and that is where they did the most.

forthatis where the Wyrmismost comfortable.

‘The humans built metal beasts that fly. Some fly so
ly see thet

not only their own laws, but Gaia's as well

Nw

‘We have learned much, and we do not forget our

Some fly low and slowly, and sometimes we can
those beasts. But many of them can throw fire and

lessons. Recent moons have seen the Garou and the
Fera unite in far-off places, and though some Talons
ngs, we howl

beasts that carried the seed of the Wyrm. We know
‘the tortured spirits of the world, and from stories
jother Garou, what happened when that seed was

in joy that not all of our cousins are dead. We rejoice
that although the Wyrm is hopelessly corrupt, his gift
to the predators — cunning — is still present.

Wolves

‘The ground itself caught fire. The shadows of the
became as stone. The seed of the Wyrm cannot
as the Wyrm is no living thing, but it can

so far from this very sept, the humans would coat a
blade with fat, so that wolves would lick it and then.
Ce to death. Humans eamed their gift of cunning

‘We have heard
fell before the seed of the Wyrm, and at the time,

Chapter One: Blood

fl, and as
Siendeces hese Pl e not
27

eer

he


eA ff dammvers

a

changed. We have sung already about the toll the

helene, aaky woul

Storm
dire threat in the cold lands of Russia.
The Fall of the Winter Forett Sith

‘Our tribe was once strong in Russia, but some time
ago, the humans went to war on the wolves. They flew at

lie? — then we must se to the dead. Ifnot, then we must
discover why the have sent no word for so long.
The Abad and the Kucha China
‘Some time ago, after the War of Rage but before the
humans spilled the seed of the Wyrm, a pack of Red
df

false claws y could, bludgeon
ing our pups in the snow. The Talons took blood from
these cowardly fase predators whenever we could, but

y moved fa y
in this war, with no politics and no sad stories about the
poor humans, for their Kin were dying as well. In the end,

4

the Mokolé watching them. Rather than fight with the
he Ts

their strength and wisdom and asked if they might
somehow be allowed to live there with them.
dragons gave them a task — if the Red Talons could
hunt and breed with the ange, panel wove of
The Talons took to the

the humans and thet bloodlust, But perhaps the worst
tragedy in Russia happened after the death of Baba Yaga.
OurGalli

Gace and through cleverness and spirit magic,
changed themselves to breed with these creatures.
d they run

i
dead of the Winter Forest. We have heard the stories,

coldnightastag ah packofRed Talons. They

Ys
the vast plains of rien Sal and brindled in ways that
no wolf in the world has seen. They fought alongside

bs Black Tooth.

out th

them to a ca rt of Ferility, which the Tica thn small, having been ravaged by disease, but they are re-
building Stories fer even hee, cated by thee Sen

‘alonseven

ent tens oad a ‘one of the mighty Fay one tx wolves. They poet thei packs rm
Zmel When Baba hey respect

SeptofFells-Trees waited eagerly forsome wordto come
from the Winter Forest, as before the Shadow Curtain
we had shared stories and rites

No word came.

Finally,notsolong ago,a great stag-sprit appeared to
Sunrise-Heart-rhya and told him that the Winter Forest
ept fell. The stag did not reveal how or why, oF what
iuarias of batng taeipe fain a ella ta

the Ahadi and the "other Fera of, yr ghee they
welcome Talon visitors at their Caer of the Bloodied
Rock, true wolves are often uncomfortable in the climate,
and their "native tongue" differs from ours somewhat.

AllGarou have heard stories of humans left bleeding
and harried by wolves until they finally die of exposure.
tkee ieee dh hildren buechest

The Sate of the Winter Forath
As howls of Russia begin, Silent notices that all
voices but one dies out. Borm-in-Thunder, the Galliard

and left ouside homes. We have heard of
human corpses lashed to trees and disemboweled. Most
Garou assume that the Black Spiral Dancers are respon-
me for these atrocities, and those with human Kin

twho silenced a disagreement before, houls alone, and such beasts with even more fervor.
Silent recalls that he was whelped in Russia before the
Shadow Curtain arose. He has seen the Winter For-
estan his hols fl Sen's mind with pus tasing Tre Talons?
inthe snow,
an endless forest where no iia ‘ever grow Ant about the Kucha Ekundu:
he cold forif the Th Tal since

sept has truly fallen, then he will never see it.
Born-in-Thunder continues and howls in praise

even true Garou. Like the Bunyip, they breed with
animals that are only like wolves in chat they run on
four legs. like

ofthe Black Furies,

caemas well. If h

the
for help in discovering the truth of the Winter hee
Sept, he asserts, it would be the Furies

dogs than totheol
Ferainbatle. They shoul remain in their savannas
and plains, never taking the name of Red Talon.

28 Red Talons

>

uy,


But some Garou know the truth.
"The Black Spirals do those things and worse, cer-
However, when word comes from a forest in which

See

stories to Talons around the world about its beauty and
the necessity of saving it. And Talons all over the
world listened and joined the battle.

Golgol Fangs-Fit ighty Fenrir, is the alpha of

the Red Talons look

at our own. There is no shame in killing

the
vues on, with humans armed with silver false claws
fighuing Gi with human The trees

such a

‘Why, when it seems so natural? Because the only
it seems natural is the human-mind. The human-
not. Listen

e
battle has been fought for some time, and still more of
the First Jungle falls daily. Many of the Red Talons

y are fighting ng war,
thar the humans felling the trees should be the main

their

they would likely do to you yon allow yourse
what they fee, hilar kl he Wyos sip
claws into your fur and ride you lke a tick.
ICE eer peepee
«an only hope that they come to their senses, or find
teacher. Beware of thinking of hate and revenge,
you become like Storm-Eye Wiser than Gaia, who

ir weapons.
Fobra li! that idea aap aeet Fangs-First,
but other Garou are wary — they remember the stori

isting on slaughtering
them, she is hopeful that he will listen to reason.

Tie New Inparghom

letting him die in peace after a long, full life.
War to the Amazon

for the tribe. In the lands of Europe, where humans
have paved and defiled more of the land than any-
whereel owe

ithe dense, hor jungles of the Amazon. The Ukrena

this, in part, to the Shadow Lords.
Not the Shadow L

That is, uneil the Umbra.
Fierce Hunger was one of the first of our tribe to
othe Amazon and join the war, and when she

Europe from Wyrm influence, and we refused — ac-
cepting help from the Lords sounded dangerous and
y. But when the Blue River Caetn fell

the sprit
called that jungle the "First Jungle," and sent

to human poisons, we accepted their help. The Red

Dangerous Rett

Silent has heard the story of Storm-Eye, and
‘knows that there is more to it, but of course he cannot
beheard. Instead,

now thatthe Lords apport ws, many a human ihe
near Red Talon hunting grounds has disappeared,

‘The Shadow Lords have been reluctant aid usin
reinstating the Impengium in other lands, especially

charge:
You heat the others how! of wolves who suc~

‘what they will from the land, remember that no

here, as their
‘wish to go to go to war with the Silver Fangs. But
should the Lords become the ruler tribe — and every
alpha wolf eventually loses his pack, be it through a
clever challenger ot simply death — then perhaps
things will change in the Once-Pure Lands.
ty Wolter

The news from Europe is not all promising, how-
ever. Asthe wilderness des, our Kin must follow what

Kill humans that they mi

this leads th closer to
the scabs. he di

again, BP so coon wal rick, perys my
aby Caron, Talon or not, who tll you that you

tainted sections of the human hives, eating refuse and
rats. Worst of all, until we can find somewhere for
the both

Chaptot One: Blood 29

WS

thts se

TP


eA ff damon

aden

from

; a
our fellow Garou, we will not allow our Kinfolk to sire
cubs for the Bone Gnawers or Glass Walkers
The Winter Counclf

Not long ago, before the great storm in the East but
after the First War began again, the elders of our tribe
met, secretly, in asmall sept called the Weeping Daugh-
ter. There, they decided that the other tribes would
too slow to appreciate the progress we had made with
the new Impergium. They debated and fought, and
finally decided that over the coming years the fiercest
ed Talon cubs would be taken to the best-hidden
emg the way ofthe be, without ever

an being or even a human-born Garou.

Thismeeting, called the Winter Council, decreed that

back to their hovels when the true predators come for
them, they too will lend us their cubs for these packs.
The Creat Sjorm

Pethaps the beings that rent the
tempest during the Wyrmcoming awakened, or perhaps
something much worse. But recently, the spiits caried
tales ofa great battle farto the east, wher
and a tiger fought with an ancient evil. We never saw a
prophecy about this, and the spirits were vague, but we
understand that not only was the evil destroyed, but the
battle claimed the lives of thousands of humans as wel
¢ reluctant to guess as to what truly

ons the world over have asserted

aia in three forms —Sabertooth

when
into packs for the express purpose of reinstating te
Impergium in places where it was most need

The first of the packs was formed recently, bound
together by Grifin and sent to the human-hive called
Montreal. We have not yet heard of their doings, but
surely such pure Garou are destined for great things. The
other tribes do not know of these Winter Packs, and they

(dragons are Seti ts be creer ofthe Wr
but perhaps that is not always the case). These Talons
believe thatthe thee-bodied Grifin struck dowm the
evilbeing andthe thousands of humans he would have

L et for any

trace of Griffin and his mysterious "third body."


(OMOFFOW

‘Wedonothowl of what will happen, for wedonot
Even, we keep and hold prophecies of
. Stites ci been able to make sense of

=

Ifthereisno answer forthcoming, then we will cull
the herds like never before. Our allies will rise up
around us in a great pack, we will gather the Winter
‘Cubs, and we will take to the hives. We will kill the
humans quickly. We will not do to them what they

i will

Red
hamper us with each passing moon.
Kile

ee ce no in the tom lands of the

. Strange, is it not? If they would simply leave us
ne, wolves would never trouble their children. But
will not allow the humans to kill us without

the blood from their bodies.
Other tribes, chose tainted with human blood, do
emp help us frm within che ding human leader

the way Gaia and the Triat intended when they made
us predators. We will pull down their hives and call on
ur rite to refresh the soil. The soul of Gaia will be
made pure again, and the Wyrm will abandon its quest
todrive Her mad. This will be the way, and tomorrow,
‘our cubs will sing of the peril and indignity we Red
Talons faced some time ago.

Ribirth

Silent listens to the joyous howls of dreams of the
future, and one howl soars about the rest. Sunrise Heart
has arrived. The old wolf calls for silence, and the other
Talons drop their heads in respect. And off down the
mountain they run.

The tainted place has not been touched since the

tive reason not to break them. Impose penalties, and
mans, coh, ay py apis, be the calng
haschanged much since the Fist

lcontinue. The

beasts, still dead. The young Whole Mountain pack found
them, crushed their vehicles and slew the humans, and
ccarved the glyph for "taint" into the metal — and crossed

ve
Red Lier

‘The strange storm in the East and the appearance
the thre-bodied Grin despite the pode may

built, by clearing tees and beating down the earth, re-

mains. Someday humans will ome looking and that could

threaten the caern itself.
ee a

ee espe only incbe eal eet
cently.

Silent reflects, it migh to go hunting
kl them, o atleast sare

‘our prophecies, but they make no sense as
BWe hear the howls from other Red Talon ep

‘them indo never coming othe movinian again. That would
have involved leaving the sept, donning the human skin,
ndigo's Septof the Cold

Med, and about the Red Star gathering the

‘Sun for assistance. Now there will be no need of this.

‘We do not know what to believe.
Our Theurges ask lupus Garou of other tribes,

w Beat tacy ny berghe Butwe will not scurry

5 howling
‘out to Gaia to awaken. He rubs his muzzle over the
sharpened edge of the smashed wehicle and his blood drips
conto the human-made scar in the forest floor.

And the forest answers
The plas shot wp gh be di, obough oly a
tn tof menlih norises them. They one

metal beast, eppepenyapeeeiys Vode. They

te indefiance of this evil, and someday soon, we will
pel toen te

saplings in este thant tas vdeo a mse The
, the great Red

will listen to us, and we will ask them for an

be controlled without killing them?

Talon ritemastr, has cleansed and protected this place.
Silent mately throws back his head to the sky. He cannot
ol, but tonight, che urge from his wol-hear is too strong.

Chapter One: Blood 31

Saar

\

am



The rest of the packslept. He alone felt the touch of.

he knew not what. Wolves don't grieve

themselves

Not even for

Alice Borchardt, Night of the Wolf

The Red Talons are our last hope.
‘An appropriately dramatic way to begin, yes? But I
ter nearly five years of travel and study
famong the Talons, | believe that they may well hold the
Secrets surviving the Apocalypse, to reclaiming our be

3 the way of Griffin's tribe
¢ the war of ours)

By way of preface, my name, among Garou, is
Malem Nigh Smile, ¢ Gallard ofthe Shadow Lords.
sometimes called Malcolm the Liar. Fresh from my terrify
Ing Rite of Passage, | found myself graced (although atthe
tine, "caddled" more accurately summed up the way I felt)
With a Red Talon packmate. She was the Ahroun of the

was called Snow Ruemner. My adventures with

was over, I was allowed into the sept, but grudgingly. The
Talons — for there were no other Garou present — treated.
cach other tly like family a fie only a dy here, 1
could not longer deny that 1 w yale. I decided
then tka spon poet rs the Red Talons
tha mycin endofon deride born ene of wot
Few Galliards carry stories ofthe tribe, and many Garou
raised by human families blanch at having a Talon around.
That attitude is damaging and unnecessary, as I hope to
Bow Dueing this report, I ry eas cece cen

the Torre their flaws, jus like all of us. I dir

‘omit anything, so the reader may find me men
fhe tikes fis ond wondering where he "ls hope
comment came from. To that reader, I say: Read the whole
document, and you'll see what | mean.

A word of dedication before we begin: My main

s0 0 speak, fr many issues concerning the

Red Talon Philodox called Hears-the

Tol

imy part cos the lives of three of our five members. Snow
unner was among them

T took it upon myself to inform her home sept of her

deathand o sing her dirge there. They would not let me, but

made me wait outside the bawn of the caem while they

est Sounds. While in Easter Europe, I visited the Bh
River Caer (before its fll to pollution, obviously) and
spoke with the Master of the Rite. His name was Hears-the
Smallest-Sounds, and he was very young to be given such
post Tater discovered that he hada voracious appetite for

"huamanish" meth

performed the Gathering forthe Dep When it

Chapter Two: Flesh 33

Ne"

N

TP

ba

re ff dammvers

AN

NN

sof ich alowed Ni cael 4 A
scbdy then 6s fol peteat vets :
on. lL-versedi dhadmet myself as a lupus (to my credit, I was only discovered
members of most of the other tribes.
When he cae fl, ' ole serie the nl Talons don't approach history as immutable fact,
wave of ois

they I me and hh stop nt Flapenc ashe
Gao pe sgicdantded he ae edee Che
this a legacy for Hears-rhya.

The Woff Tolle

My travels took me all over the world. I visited
places that wolves are found naturally, and nearly
always found Talons there, but I also visited mixed
septs that boasted a pack or even a single Talon
member, and the difference in outlook is startling. The
Talons are much more wolf than most homid Garou
are human, and they resist — almost desperately —
any attempt to bring out their human sides. They do
mit that such exists, however, but treat it like
unbearable curse.
That, to us (by "us" I mean homid Garou) ml
seem strange or silly, but consider our cont

a tricky subject in the moderst worl cus 0
neatly all ofthe internal trouble msi

day. They way they tell stories, everything from the
reation of the world to their last meal happened "some
time ago." If they feel the listener needs a frame of
reference, they might add "after this event but before
thateven.*bucha ll de contest one ikl wpe
dnt ask about the tribe's history, in most
instances. 1 asked about the tribe as it stands today.
UL

feel, almost universally, that
They under-

jowever, do not

is tantamoun
pci ung one whol think of themselves
than werewolves).

concepts, to the Talons, belong squarely to

can't understand or even come to ese con-

‘And that is why the Talons don't tend
in the Nation — they kgfow they af@itt dominant

tolead. And that'

cepts, but they won't recognize them at first. All they:
know is an unfamiliar hunger coming from their "hue
‘man-minds" — and that tends to scare them. Some-
times, while ealking toa young Talon I'l find mysel

apap eNom

Communicating withthe Tolonareqies patience
and a good sense memory (since most oft
tion one picks up is going to be shoe scent and

aaeal something in the Garou thar he didn't
»cognize. Something to consider should a Talon asso-
ciate or packmate behave erratically.

mi oF some of the "quotes" Te taken from

bi don't translate easily into human languages. I'd
like to address three issues in particular.

History — Some Time Ago
I d the Talons, but

che Talonsdon't
issues with glyph writing. You'd think they'd consider
it Weaver-ish or something, given that writing is 0
permanent, but most Talons understand the glyphs

way to mark territory, but for the Garou rather than
other animals. | think they also figure that humans

it just isn't that simple. First of all, they are very
iF rhi

homids are accustomed. Second, they are even more
reluctant to trust any homid Garou who is not a

34 Red Talons

ing — Red Talons don't often understand the differ-
ences between human languages and figure that all
writing is the same) so if they mark their territories

with glyphs, any humans who enter know the ri
More on Talons and glyphs later on.

Ja


ae.

Breeds

Tr bears noting that the Red Talons have very

not impossible to find a Talon metisfitis pretty much

impossible to find the parenss‘ofisuch a metis.)
As for metis of other/tribes, they aiake ‘Talons
"G. (OtherGarou"

igon what one's breed happens to be. If no breed is.
cified, hat is, ifone were to ask a Red Talon "What
ithink about the Shadow Lords?" and not qualify

ie question any further, the Talon would probably
nd with regards to the lupus of that tribe. I asked

is the law, but yet, here's thismetis. How'd thathappen?
(And ys the Talon el ct a bout ik om
— especially, won'
va cg el
Geeticanly ighlpank, endian che mci

iis. a synthesis of the answers I got.

The Red Talons have no homid Garou. | found
hat so hard to believe when I was a cliath that
mistake of insinuating to Snow

Because the issue of metis in the tribe is so impor
tant, jasked Hears-the-Smallest-Soundsto giveme an
‘option, speaking as a leader and a Philodox:

The metisare nottrue wolves. They cannot mate, they
are deformed and imperfect, and have nothing to offer the
Garou nation excepé their prowess in battle

But, metis do lear Gifs that no other Garow can
ow. They often know mane about the lore ofthe
than wolf o uman-bor, Benched er

to their oun cubs, but pethaps they hav dborbiise4
others'. No, the metisarenot true wolves —but I chink that
they are true Garou.

The Talons would like to think that they define
the lupus breed, and most tribes would agree, but that's

n hand, when I
ude to a Glass Walker acquaintancé, his response
to quote Thurber: "You might as well fall flat on
face as lean over too far backwards."

Bi Satealyt Talooebave no mec. fy ae
that they don't kill, they give them to other

ts bom to thei tribe. S, it' no impossible to

y: The Talons try o be wolves, not
heres Gages» erence, That cues
n Talon lupus and
sribes, but the Talons al feel move
lupus, s0 they usually just

ceayway to
and a werewolf, You justkind of lear tow to do itor
youpickone side andexelude the other. 'mpretty sure
that's how it would fo for lupus, too, but | wonder how
good the Talons are at demonstrating balance.
Talent avd the Ofber Garoy

The very fist thing I discovered about the Red
Tons, usury, mas thei opinion of exes

JametisT:
and cee the definition " ‘omega per

senha Begin aconversation,eveninthe
bout the Pure Tribes with a European

Gifts or rites in an all-Talon environment and,
they eat last. The Talons see it as true sign

Rel Tae present and she'll likely go to sleep rather
than join in. On the other hand, any discussion of

whil words from a Talon, fh
Rie of Passage on to have opinions about the "apes."
Chapter Two: Flesh 35

==

N

i


we LS dammorn

rae

Naturally, not all Talons feel the same way about
the tribes, the Fera, or anything else. asked the same
ts of questions to various septs of Talons, as well as
any individual Talons I chanced to meet, and tried to
find whatever common ground there was. I was not
often in any position to take notes, but I did try to
provide choice quotes from the Talons to illustrate
such common ground. Many of my quotes come from
Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds
Tolar
The Red Talons have an unenviable place in the
Garou Nation. Like the Children of Gaia, their phi-
losophies don't fit in well with the modem world. Like
the Bone Gnawers thei beliefs make them unpopular
tribes. Like the Get,
as vicious and bloodthirsty.
But for all that, the Talons have a grip on some-
thing that the other tribes c h
purity that we cannot expla
the other tribes have become too complicated — we
base ourselves on human cultures or beliefs, rather
than the Litany ofthe Ga

"Don't shit where you:
ers do exactly that

‘our pack in danger, and when the Black Spiral Dancers
attacked our pack, he saw them first and hurled himself nto
battle first. Rat-Tooth-yuf is a loyal packmate and true
Garou, and I will defend him as I would any wolf.

of Cala

The Children aresh spe really. Sometimes
theyact like peac ete ough:
the Talons likeli nice nd Beer Tat

first experience with the Children (or the first thing

forbetteror wane Commonly, that's eitherhonorable
for Gal

of the other conctpes unique vo the Cul The Tal
‘ons, however, are wolves, and thatis what makes them
a tribe, It also often makes the other tribes nervous.
Pack Purlet

The Furies and the Talons are both staunch
defenders of the Wyld, and that kind of camaraderie
often breaks through the boundaries of breed and sex.

warrior for
Hears- the-Smallest- Sounds! opinion nthe Chil-

dren of Gila: @
Mercy ia respected (if nou uidely Se

the natural world, tisis not so. A mereiful predator
starve, A merciful préy.would saerfice itself to fae a
hungry predator, and would not sire children. The Children

Also, Black lupus Kin and
tried to keep theit wolf breed healthy over the years
(and been more suecessfulithan some), which earns
them a lot of respect from the Talons,
Whatfrietion there is between the qwo lenq
the Talons view of
Futies spend. their lives defending hurnans, a
Talons see this a Waste of energy.
‘Smallest-Sounds has this to say about

thi

be either if they wish to survive the world.

The Fianna and the Taléasthive strained relations,

langely because the Fianna detive so uch pleasure from

food, drink, and ( Joa Tes noe tha the
dl

the big production gut of
and see such emphasis as

the Fianna tend t,
"coo human," However, since
Fianna lupus can produce howlsongs/6f unparalleled

k.
attacked some time ago, but then asked for our assistance

bre often, though,

here. We could not help them to He or aid. ae) per}

for' rea ey "edt Fianna talk toomuch).
th

\ Fianna:
ales gLite pyri aaa butsays A Fianna pack oni@iapped atthe Blue River Cac
nothing about aiding apes eee to eo Oa
Bone Cnaners 30 we invited them

I admit that I don't think much of the Bone en cceccle. Ve hea
Gnawers myself, and the Red Talons often echo that ie wnders
attitude. They see the Gnawers as urrah, as dogs who pe : a MM es al
have abandoned their wolf heritage to live among yi fs ss

and filehs Mose Red Talons live by the edge tknow good time.

36 Red Talons

=5%

Cit of Find

The Get and the Talonsshiate one'fisjor thing in
ommon +> bloodlust. That's what f was taught before
ImyRite of Passage, that these two tribes were great

Sven

The Glas Walker a predominantly hom
many ways, the polar opposite of the Red
‘alone tay poet Mtge Gimneney, hey
see their wolfish side asinconvenient, etc. It'snot hard
ine how thi che Talons feel. The Glass

fhe ime, though.

1 The Red Talons, sad to s49)"Iook.on the Gee in
iichthesame way they dothe Fianna: AsGarou who
aif sway them. The Red Talons don't

sea Poab ng inherited fom the
wl afer MIAMI OME oo frenay snd
fnwthingythat moves to: the exclusion of their own
Safety. Wolves areypredators, and predators fight to
Survive, nt forglory.So, while the Talons respect the
s strength, they in wary of them.

Think ides in-Leaves, a Talon Raga
InGermany put it best:
smell and act lke rabid wolves much of the
Hine, Any jest, any playful bite might set them off. Their
Famidsare sometimes more even-tempered, but their metis
Seeitas.an honor to die for Gaia. For the metis, perhaps it
i but I don't wish to be taken with them
Gat Walkers

And here's where things g

bash I met

are, tothe Talons, wrah, and that's about the
most complimentary they/l ever be towards them. In
because the Glass Walkers' tribal n
changed over the years, some Red Talons just called
cel the Weayer-Rutters and ler it go at that
Red Talons assume that Glass Walkers
deuteusty ten HE WMC: eather
Talons do their human side, That's not true, of course,
but it's interesting toswarch a)Red! Talon around a
Glass Walke? lupus, The Glass Wallet tends to fall
into "omega" postu fasteethan you can say "pathetic
housetrained excuse for a lator.
Imadéthe mistake of mentioning the Glass Walk
ers to a Talon Alhroun in the Pacific Northwest once
‘Those damnedterrah had their chance to be true Garou,
back before the huamans shit all over the planet. That they
have leamed enjoy the smell does nox comet ther mistake

Lk


Lhe

S\N

ro ff Goammmors

Sbadow Lorde

Ouch. The first reaction I got from a lot of Talons
when they heard my tribe was, "What does he want?!" The
roa Lords have a bad nea Our "ends justify.

Bu many Talons have never even met Silver Fang.
of the Fa

pbaifiniens RS ostiuesia he
window ifthe fist Fanga Talon metic, upd
ng way, but Talons won't

Ralaesjaon a sligyptappened
sdamned problema

pbs follow a leader into certain death based on it.
id "always." In the olden days, if the Fangs

xi or a rival sept attacked, they'd

saying "iP) then
ah flong ffm wandering of inthighe woods slone
— or worse, going to war on humanity.
Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds died before the Red Tal-

could
rally Talons iia ale Gees |
patna ‘eheardpleny ofgenies tur adm at

Lately, though, thet Talons are Waking to
unpleasantfacts sett a rpteente Atte
body" of Garou— Australia, forexample —the Talonsare
looking more askance at the Fangs every month. think

rieestheR:
All eiealankror . Talons, te Gu Nata Oo ete
The Shadow L in bate beside Red Ch
Talon and Black Fury, TI Fanaa Node Maetne oe ca

the fights. Afterwards, Re elda cabs Toe
in victory. Perhaps we only distrust the Lords because an
alpha said we should?

MSVoot Sobdors

.ome, damn it. Snow Runner put me

in my place once:
youeverldapack? Have youeveracedasapha
il "ping ating, being

safe ies or staying warn? Cd.

‘you. You don't

The Silent ry the Red Tal hy
‘They have no real territory, they don't look or smell

cor no). When they show up, they almost always bring
bad: ‘Red'

fight for me. We dell ae fore Shon Fora
ccnp
Talons nuts. They

equate the messenger with the message, some of them
don't the

ive eides ale Tf cola cee They
Uke co expat lan mig and the Tale

Talons look at th fee
all, the Talons still have os

diferent.

‘Silent Stridérs almost

The Stargacers (and ktlow thi because I heard
stuff secondhand from a, Haken tribemate) have
cee icine

I imagine this is because on the flatlands of Africa,
catching prey is mostly a matter of speed, and nobody
beats the Striders in a foot race.
Hears-the-Smallest-Sound has this to say about
the Silent Seriders:
ae predators. Jackals are scavengers. The

how the Ta
i
with Stargazer a4 they' can €ome up with some
impressive ways to knock the Weaver down a peg.
Troublé is now, of courseyithe Stargazers have

"slinking off with sal ben eres since most

cows ayo en T erust the Serders, but I do
not rust what follows
Sour Fangs

The Red Talons view the Fangs as the "alpha-
tribe" in many places, or at least that's what they say.

38 Red Talons

Talons
'Gazers left is all a Talon is likely to owt

I only ever visited ome sept that hosted both Red
Talons and a Stargazer, By the time | visited, the
‘Stargazer had left to return to Asia, but I spoke with
‘Strange-Smile, a Red Talon Theurge about him:

WI


Mark Roar-of-the-Sea was our Caller ofthe Wd for
some ime. The sprit listened to him, the elders listened to
Him, but is vice put the Talons to sleep.

Uteoa

‘The Talons have a strange relationship with the so-

EN:

who once acted asan emissary tothe Wendigo Sept ofthe
ous Be
Wendigo always have warm places to sleep and plenty

iat But alwayssniff he meotcarefuly before eating.
Black Spiral Davesrt

Uiow chey arent a Gain be bata couple of
points need raising her

ejcbdsol ea ther i wilt Cote

aT

lives of three Garou — mine.
/most part, thé Actually, called ita

Ds a Dall

ofthe W\ ? s

Bespeschacfosccreg pw Teron onerorle,
fut when hhas a secret, you'll never
now it. When an Ukyena has gecret, he'll act smug
aboutit, and that kindof behaviorannoys the hell out
‘ofthe Talons (they see it as Wing).
One the other hand) though, the Uktena stand
shoulder to-shoulder with the Talons in the American
crying to savetheremaining Mexican wolves,
andin some cases, the Uktena have taken the Talon's
‘way of doing things to heart. I happen to know that in
Mexico, the Impergium's had a resurgence,

detail largely because I don'eremember gor Aes
well. All 1 do know és thar when cme
hopells, SIAR fl ue DeUURRaph Aipele and
went berserk (litefally)Shejtoré apart four of those
Woyrm-ridden bastards before they brought her down,
Meanwhile I was trying €0 figure ous how to get out
alive a obviously, did)

noire ela ad = fly
alowed fo ae a del ie

Sete Se told

ine why she etaiphe Weyabedd

and the Talons have had help in pursuing it. ‘The humans, asixch as we halter, do what they
The sept to it ‘Strange Smile lrek ly was do bec of Gis ‘made by the Triat: and Gaia, The
ded by Uke Black do and worse, but
things to say about isi they tok "a We may hate the humans for being
On Uktena. blind, but the De oe open and te re
SA, weve te da
may.

cba Talss aid the Dancers
They

Investigate it chemselves, cautiously and carefully. raped
they often cannot rest until hey lear all about it

Much of what I said for the Uktena holds for the
conor ne. the Wendigo are fierce, blood-
thisy (li riots and forthe real hard-line Red

Mi hie fvor Fotore Red Talon,
ragemakes them very nervous.

ey'l
never admit it, but they have a "there but for the grace
‘of Gaia go I" kind of mentality about the fallen tribe. Ie
would be all oo easy for most Talons to give in to Rage
and join the Dancers, or fall to the Wyrm, and it
Talon who isn't tempted by the notion at least once.

Red Tibors avd the Fora

I myself have had limited experience with the
Fera. I met a Corax once in sept, but
beyond that, my experience is limited to what I know

fit hat the Wen flow MRO pce es teidinach :

rom stories. However, I did manage torun across quite

that Oath cannibalistic eT ore eal ‘experience in dealing with the
other Changing Breeds.

The Tal fen confused about the Breeds,

‘Other times, the Talons tread carefully on Wendigo

territory, never sure of what the natives will do next.
‘While visitng the Sept of the Weeping Daughter in

Alaska, I spoke with Moonbeam-Runner, a Philodox

have spread about them. As much as it would be
tempting to say that since the Talons are so immersed
in theie feral side, they wouldn't have followed the
|human-like jealousy and lies that precipitated the War

Chapter Two: Flesh 39

r=

\

"TP


Siw

r\s

eff Famers

of Rage, it's not chat simple. To the Talons, the other
Breeds are rival predators, and so when the time came
to rally support in the War of Rage, the Fangs knew
what buttons to push.
Aieba

I spent some time with the Kucha Ekundu in
Af

folie ive tx

di they told me of the werehyenas. I didn't

is told stories that
didn't vary much from sept to sept, 0 I'm starting to
think that there might

the Garou Nation doe:

a breed of Fera that most of

'teven know about out there

Pathe

The on the,other hand, do have some
history with the Talon BBB very rey ln North
America, the native Bastet (pumas and lynxes, I be-
lieve) actually got on fairly well wich the native C
for while. The Rea Talons didn't cross paths with the
Bastet mich then, nor do they now, butt whe it hap-
pens, someone usual ers up dead. meta Red Talon
Galliard called "Lynx Killer
he got i RRR cet Ee

1 found a qwerelynx once eating a rabbie in my septs

Me Tiaiiled and chrecscAMA ARNE lled.

Evidently these Ajal

ie Rink cee ante ae

wide reputation if they could,help save a Changing
Breed from annihilationyand presentthemito the Garou
Nation as sw force in the war against the Wyrm?
Aparna,

The Red Talons haven't tun across any of the
alleged werespiders any more than the rest of us have.
Td guess that's because, being Weavet-spawn, they
would stick to the cities. Youcan guess how that makes

the Talons feel about them.

‘on its back and batted its paws at me. Htook on the Hispo
form and bared my teeth; it mimicked my movements. |
stood an two legsin the war form and wamed i to leave the
Talons' lands; ic took on the human form and mocked mi,

I seniek once, and its head fll o the ground.

The so-called "Byes of Gaia') ave blind, indeed. 1
would never have given the Bastet any wamning had I
known how stupid it was

Of course, this attitude isn't exactly universal. In
Africa, the Kucha Ekundu (whom you'll find are the
‘exceptions to the tribe on a lot of topics) get on well

— Ss

Sith most of the Baster, from what I'm told. But then,
a's Fera are s ly in a loose coalition now
j 50 it could have more to do with that than

the Kucha Ekundu specifically.

has acted as totem to countless packs of
‘Over the years, and the Red Talons recognize

en.asa patient and knowledgeable spirit. As for the
shy Sa Giana folks soy
etsep wengers;not true predators so
Talons don't fee! Cheaene The Red Talons don't

means they smell weird) and they look a lot like what

/yrm-monsters are supposed to. Many Talons don't
even know the word "Mokolé", but if they ever saw
one, they'd assumesthé worst and attack.

In the s¢pt in Louisiana that Ihmentioned, the
wolves o¢easionally have trouble with alligators. No
one's séen a Mokolé yet, but based on wi c
Smile told me, I'd say the ned good chance
they will:

‘Sometimes we hear sounds from the swamps, lke great

bellows. Sometimes these sounds echo from the sea, as
though huge beasts were singing to eachother through he

erwhelming nyribets ("fair fight" is a human con-
piafter all) so they're happy to partake of whatever
‘Information a Corax is willing to give them.
‘The only friction is that Corax are damned talk-
: pA gay os set ‘creally go in for chitch:
Howes te whole I've seen both groups make
jons for the other's foibles.
Combi
There's some really bad blood between the Garou
oe I think weal know that. And whether
"Got the Red Talons follow the party line of "the War

fog. Our septleaders —Uktena, as
and wish sened pack othe sa to find the source

hey donot send pk kon forts sl mbt,
Pa phat pack woud notre

‘One interesting thing about the Red Talons is that
they have historical roots in india, which isan a
most other pfibes don't know much about. Because of
thoveroot/the Talongly know something abo
— they,were dancers. I spoke with Creeps
thet; No-Moon near a little village in

ey ute. ay re

ast shia who had this to say about them:
The ® We sing old

Feat that nome wears could mach, But remember

Nuwttha
The Red Talons don't gl sbinkes "Th of the
‘werecoyotes. They do'esee' Norma ally,

her scent, tag foes. eee
i i Tens. Tothis day, Great Bear watches

theyisee

ile ea atbages Mowe ofthe ote wicks the
‘Nuwisha pull either go right over lace heads or

insult chem because the;
"Think Lama ancl gel Agr hs coe Thats

not a good way to teach the Talons anything

Niwishajare supposedly Gaia's sense of humor.

"Thgftel Tle fle WR galing the "hs

imgh-mind" section of themselves, and therefore don't

ttust it (a least the younger ones don't). A Nuwisha
who foes moto playa teas lesions hat

have direc, QeMMMapelelions wot. gt f

with the Talons, I'd guess.

4 mice, Red Talons dk if

‘Once again, it depends on where youare. But most
see the werealligators as Wyrm creatures. Not

cities, which is where the Ratkin lives ‘ moe
disease and they're terminally bad-tempe
Talons and the wererats do not get - 3 ee Ae
really should. Why? Because. both of them are so
darned pissed jurfian races

Chapter Two: Flesh 41

wes

NY

a

7 ff


AS

el 7 f cmc

Ican't believe I'm writing this down, but ifthe Red
=o of the Ratkin's numbers
major city — if the two

Tal
and position within e
folie ever decided vo leas can each orker — the
human race would be in some serious shit. Ie would

ons ever took advant:

me major lateral inking on both groupe
alm of possibility

Wolves don't notinally frequent the coastlines,
andthe weresharks don't normally: gosinland. Only
place I've met Talons who ever know about the Rokea
wasiin Europe, and even then all chigy knew was that
the Rokea existed.

Red Talons avd Ofber Creafurat

The Talons don't see the vampires and the human
mages as much as some of the other tribes do, because
they stick to the wilds. Al that means is that they see
monsters the likes of which ushomids couldn't imagine.
Fomori in the bodies of giant bears, materialized spirits
from Gaia-knows-what part of the Umbra, Wyrmholes
that have festered for decades because nobody ever goes
to that part of the forest — the Talons deal with all of
that as a matter of course. Just bear that in mind if you

think they've got it easy because they don live in the
cities. The cities provide protection we don't think
about, and in the woods, all bets are off
Vampirar

Sometimes the blogdstéketsido, visit the forests,
I'mcold. Some of chem can even turn iite wolves, just
like the legends, Guess what? The Talonsaren't fooled.
Remembet agood par ofthe wolf language! sen,

range
aRed Talonpatk torreon torn to pieces
Here's ascary story, though. [heard once about a
pack of Red Talons that foundiseveral vampires wan-
derifig in their woods. They wereall set to kill them,
but then some Ragabash brought up the factthattthese
ae kill humans. So the Talons grabbed a family of

them tosome trees wherethe bloodsuckers would find
them. The'vampires, apparentlystarving, drank them
dry, so the Talons|letithem Bo back to the city,

1 should say, however) that. Lheard.thatistory third
hand from a Bone Gnawer who heafd it froma bum who
overheard some people (apparently vampires) talking.
The Bone Gnawer filled in some gaps in the story


— Ss

pack that came across a group of humans hunting on.

prea neither the bum nor he vampiresknew about
be

Bestar ok cyveyl buceven es halfoue.

Maye

their of couse, and found that
not only were the humans prepared, they wielded
strange powers that forced the Talons ack ant held
them at bay. The humans also carried silver in the

ind some of these Sart and di 4

thi "magealingediens" Troe mbunceg" forchace dave

Harvesting them can weaken the caern, if done cafe: ing chem away from the caem's center and picking

asume that they're going to be careless from the start. pies isis a
nee ere ie Si their Theuges examined the bodies with

over

‘wasan odd violet color. The Talons just said bey

:way, and that sometimes humans came.

eri. The most recent human to do so, they said, (elt
fie:

letely and

Ref' Valniagt Pit

‘Now that I've talked a little about Red Talons and
the tribes, the Fera, and some of the

Be rasta Ste oro oe ies eal
him down. Sounds about right ro me.

The Dead

The Red Talons kill people. That's a harsh, uncom

hhasa good sense that the tribe isn't perfect or acollective
paragon of what it is to be Garou. Likewise, they've
avoided some of the mistakes the other tribes have made.
But most Garou know the Red Talons as dedicated
human h Sheeuel

Aasvengefl spirits, or worse. Most Red Talon ritemasters

ately). Red Talon lore holds that they
fom the Silent Striders following that tribe's exile from
Maithomelands,

them,

Red Talons kill people. Actually, most Garou do,
or have, or would ifnecessary. Ihave, and I'm sure the
reader has swell Infact the in ving ting ever
killed, other than the occasional mosquito, was a
perion, duringimy Ft Change. Rather than elas the
story (which realy isn't relevant to the Talons), I'll

Talons don really care much where they learned i)
The problem is that dead humans don't always stop

8 spiral of guilt and grief that wel, really, i
hasn't ended. And the guy wasn't an innocent
e's some-

laswell, and that rite does nothing to stop such horrors.
‘Of course, as these "zombies" have bodies, the ae

thing in the human mind that's wired against killing
+ people. Yes, that impulse to preserve life gets
ere, even if

hheard stories about walking corpses healing fr

st
moe olla who Kl don': adie. A lot of "normal
folk (

a
itsdeath, itis utterly relentless in tracking it down and
Tilling it I visited a Red Talon sept whose bawn bor-
Rete small own in Wyoming. The sept was holding

pele ‘ot dead by suicide. The impulse to ete
human life is very strong among humans.
Red Talons do not have that impulse. Not only

Aram pry ni il a
Bh ef. The Talons had no plano nvenignte
‘this They were all terrified, because one

er harace cad weak nd cary ill -—

adja een ly deroyed asco it's the same

at, ra
FirstChange thatkilling humans isanecessary adjunct
to what we as the Garou do. If the other tribes don't
know that, that's too bad. But, the Talons are told
while still bristling from that first bout of Rage, if you
yourselfon amission and there are humans around
fight, don't

‘Something else, too, on the subject of not-so-
Fhelpless humans. | heard a story about a Red Talon

Chapter Two: Flesh

even to let them leave the area alive. And most of

them, trying to make sense of what's happening and
coping with the sudden ability to retain information
and obey long-term principles, take that to heart.

43

REE

WW

he

he


eA 1S dammvors

NY

Ne

In the Talons' defense, humans are responsible for

centuries ot longer, humans defile the Earth, and soon.
The Red Talons firmly believe, with more conviction
than any fundamentalist on the planet, that ifevery last
h 4 4G.

Garou could just go back to being wolves. What the
Talons miss, or perhaps just ignore, is that most Garou
didn't start out as wolves. So would the Talons, if they
ever achieved their goal, kill off the homid Garou, tc fest

Te took some time to get this kind of information
about the Talons. They teach their cubs by example
more than explanation, so finding Talons willing to

tices (to say nothing of doing so with a homid) was
difficult. But persistence pays, and I hope the reader
will find this enlightening.

The Pack

A Red Talon undergoes his First Change at be

‘got when I asked the
‘Talons was something like "Of course not." But I eh

rity Guscikeus homids in other words). Withluck, hig

tell it wasn't something they'd ever

If you have a Red Talon packmate, know that he

would as soon kill a human being as look at him. By

ending that life, the Talon sees one less human that will

evertakeacluboragun tohiscubsorKin. The Talon does
hild, a provide: hi

alon spe,
bes piven bow chi ha be spread se day al
not a common occurrence. We all know what the First
Change is like — the sudden bursts of anger, hunger,
Blodlt, whateen Bt in tat he hunan-bom

with it, just

capable of love. The Talon sees only an enemy.

Ab Tibont?

No. The narrator is speaking from his own expe-

rience, but we'll break in here and saythatnotall Red

Talons display this kind of hatred towards humans.

You are perfectly free to play a Talon tho sees
redeeming value in humanity, oF who,

thar they allshould de, orwhojust

pases wwe don't have the same battle against instinct
that the lupus do. The First Change strips ev
fromawc t

means he €an't mate (remember when the Change
happens). He has to get used to hunting by himself all
thejfime. Of course, the newly Changed Garou cant
dominate the other wolves easily, but unless the\wolf
‘Wagalready an alpha (unlikely, given the age at which
the Ghange happens) that goes against the Garou's
inatingt)Ofen, lupus Garou wind up wandering until

But most Talonisdo hal oe
and this lack of respect,for human!
recognize thar this ig/@ daunting and challenging
proposition for any player. Part of the process of
development for a Red Tialon character can (and
likelyshould) be the progressive realization that the
fight to eradicate humanity is ultimately futile —
butperhapsnot/Perhaps you'd rather play acharac-
tersthat takes the hard-line stance to her grave.
‘There arestory possibilities in each. Just make sure
to find ott in advance whether the Storyteller feels
that having a hardcore, human-killing Red Talon,
or indeed any Red Talon, would derail the story.

Talon Cire

used that phrase when I was telling atribemate of
mine about this project. She scoffed and asked if there
was any such thing. The Red Talons absolutely have
their own culture, itjust differs considerably from any
other tribe. They have their own form of storytelling,
their own naming protocols, their own etiquette, and
their own "take" on the Litany, the fi and

we

Ar Mlpessning a Red Talo finds the eub,
the training begins. Red Talons,don't go through
months of study abour the nature of the spirit worlds

Th

Instead, they're taught tovighore certain of their in-
stincts, Actually, it's lessamatter of ignoringand more
of reshaping — a wolf wil fight to protect itself, but
won't naturally attack and kill humans. The Talons
work to make the new cub realize that by killing
humans, he is protecting himself.
T don't know how much time passes between a

Tolnteing "ound" andundeginghisRitofPasge

Taka 5 was sull in traisiing and when I caked how
"study" usually

was "some time." bimagine: Pe ciplGn arp the cub
is anit gh kind of instructors até availablear@ given

Gv, hey Onc aa ee
Rin Pyor :

tribes have certain rituals and observances
sor come me cl a ee

just about everything else in our society.

44

RedTalons

ing of several distinct trials Sometimes the Rite de-

AJ

yy

pends on the sept in which ie is perform
Most often, the cub leaves the sept and
tums only when he has performed a specific
(goal, and that's how the Talons usually do it
‘Most often, that goal is in some way related to
the sep's borders and protecting them. I've
teandof Talons being required to safeguard. a
fackofwolves fora full month, and of others
Iringasked cohuntdown andslay the human
teponsible for the death ofafavored Kin wolf
Ailing humans does factor into Talon Rites
Itt Passages fairly often, I'm afraid
The specifics vary, and the Talons don't
feactly have centuries of rigid
tradition to dictate theie rites. When the cub
succeeds and recurns to his sept, he is consi
sve Garou. Sometimes the older Tl
‘rswill carve pictograms into the cub'sflesh,
‘OES the stories go. Hor , I've seen
artivelyfew Talons with such scarfie
Wit makes me wonder where that story
Sturted. Really, a Talon who hasn't passed a
RiteofPassage would convey hisst through
‘body language so clearly that I don't think
tuch practices would be necessary
Delong 0 Pack
Uni-tibal packs aré damned uncom:
smon nowadays. They were the norm as re
ently as the late 19th century, but after the
West was lostand Garou started dying faster
they werebeing bor, muti -trbal pack:
Be ehimon. THR TAA:
gute long time, held no particular oppost
tion to sharing a pack with other tribes.
‘That might scem counter-intuitive given
How/dixant they seem fromthe other tribes
toy. But remeber thar a large part of that
Witance comes from the
tides don't have many |
always the éase. In the old day
Bago) It wouldn't be uncommon

meen Cy

Talons. As h yy has spread an apes

pet ioe ti punbreedhas dwindled,
1¢ Talons don't see as

whole:
Srl) Nonthkas ear Talore
Up in packs with members of other tribes
What happens then depends on the Talon.

iy

Mi * Fog

W


ai

eA SS dommes

One point of pride among the Talons is that they

that'sit. Ina multi-tribal pack, the Talon may feel he's
the best leader, but some of us other Garou might have
other ideas. That's exactly what happened in my first
peck (one Red Talon, ewo Shadow Lacs one Silver

assume Homid form for the first time, and a pre-teen.
hanging out with a bunch of rough-looking folks
(especially since those folks tend to make the decent:
people nervous) may attract attention.

Even if that's not an issue, the Talon has some

1 le'radius and Wal

ir). The Red Talon

ee I've Ee inel) felt that she should be pack
leader because she was the Ahroun. The Silver Fang,
‘happened to be a Philodox, felt

abit like eet around wearing blinders. He's not
used to having thought outweigh instinct — but it
Cloth Ng

Geeotho wie The Get, thank Gaia, was a Theurge
who knew her own limitations and admitted that she
wasn't suited for leadership, and neither me nor my
tribemate (our Ragabash) wanted to get between the
‘two contenders. We all figured a good challenge was
forth didn't

Snow Runner didn't say, "I challenge you for
leadership of this pack" or anything. She just said, "I'm
alpha" and acted all dominant-like. The Silver Fang,
steeped in his tribe's traditions since he could walk, got
confused, and then said, "I accept your challenge."
Snow Runner didn't even know she'd issued one.

They finally got around to fighting it out, Snow
Runner won, and we all were a happy pack until my

ll the Fenrir. tit
served as a good example, in retrospect, of how the
Talons behave — they expect the leadership issue to
bea given, not something to fight over.

T've also heard of packs in which the Talon is not a

leadership isn't the best choice, either. Ifthe Talon hap-
pens to be a No-Moon, he might be able to make his
‘concems known, but otherwise, he usually just swallows
his concems. This isn't good, though, asthe "imbalance"
inthe pack weighson the Talon and distracts him. There's
really not much to be done — after all, there's more

usually too big of a hurdle, despite what you might
think. The Talon discovers quickly that not wearing
them leaves him cold, although modesty doesn't come
easily (I've heard of one pack that had to get its Talon
to wear sweats because he refused to zip of button any
other kind of pants, claiming that "it didn't fit." Ie'
enough to make a guy feel inadequate...). Language
can be a bitch, especially if the Talon needs to learn
English, which is a royal pain to leam except by
immersion. Of course, all Garou speak the Garou
‘oa 4 lik

observer, and then we're back to the "Why are those
scary people growling at each other?" issue. On that
topic, Red Talons look scary in Homid form, and it's
not just the Curse. They tend to hunch over, lope
when they walk, and watch people just a litele too
closely. They look wild, which only makes sense, but
it means that a pack with a Talon member should
consider a hood or a hat (it'll help, if only a litte).
Really, though, as long as the Talon doesn't ac-
tively resist learning about human postion
figure it out. That doesn't mean he'll like
inode that bell he Se to "lay Beton Wi
endangering his pack, which is the motivation that
drives most Talons to make the attempt at all. seb

jlish and could ia p

pedi-
sepsis modem dines where street aul and

a and even dance like a human woman.

. But this does
shyteTaowareoleentotake es fomhe aes
and visit their home septs jings make sense there.

ot

Talonsdonot remain ignorantofhurman waysforlong
if they run with a pack that includes homids. When duty
cals a pack to even a smal city, the Talon can't exactly
wear a leash and pretend to be a setter — the difference
between "dog" and "wolf" is pretty clear (not that many
Talons would submit to such treatment anyway). So the
Talon has to lear to mimic human behaviors.

c

the ee Be a loop. The biggest one has to do with

rae in the wild don't consider reasons for
evens. They have a glimmer of understanding of
but it's i
more part of instinct than anything <i When
Talon undergoes his Fise Change, be suddenly fd
himself able to ask questions and understand abstract
‘concepts — perhaps not very well, but the jump
between "basic comprehension" and "none at all" is
immense, The tribe doen' tach the cubs abot

young. Most Garou do, of course, but the Rite of
Passage also tends to take longer for homids.I've heard
of Talons resembling thirteen-yeat-old kids when they

jad much
contact with other et (or with load Coa in
particular) is likely to follow orders from a superior

46 Red Talons

>

mney / de

Ve

ut question and to react instinctively to any
ceived threat. Talons that ru ibal
ks however, learn to ask questions.

Hs hard agjusment, demanding tenons for

‘And the answer, which may range
: now" to "Because those
might see you" might not satisfy the Talon.

touch to form a description of the Talon, rather than
just an appellation. There's no way to record it all,
which is probably the idea.

Isaid before that] found it strange, when initially
started my "study" of the wolf tribe, that they didn't
shun the glyph language outright. Imagine my surprise
when I heard the stories claiming that the Talons
invented it! One ofthe tales that gets tossed around at
Talon moots, in various incamations, is that a Talon
‘once upon a time slashed something or someone and
made the three-clawed mark that now stages for the
Red Talons (and that's awful close to they glyphs
d er ialaeed

journey
erty, and not being satisfied with "just because"

as of answers isan important one, and one that can
etentiallynever end for aRed Talon. Ifa Talon getsthe
that among other Talons, he doesn't have to
such things (that is, it's only among those crazy

that you'll get orders that need to be ques-

) tha's the end oft If, however, the Red Talon

lies that he is fully capable of taking whatever data

"rage," "war," .
All seems rather weird, right, until you consider
thatthe glyphs don't mean justone thing. Each glyph as
it stands is originally descended from an image, not a
concept, and that's how the Talons think. They don't
study the glyph "alphabet." If they come to a glyph
they've never seen, . Nine times out often,
they'll guess right. A Talon might never lear to read or
‘write any human language, and he'll probably never use

‘we can say
Fee's balanced his wolf and human side.
Se right? Not really. I've been Garou

ow. I've progressed to the rank of
I ton fo logs tend chet stucteed
he en Gti, sn cay forces atthe

pst basic truths of being a wolf (as opposed to a

olf sill elude me. The Red Talons, more than
ay other Garou, even other lupus, know these truths

leave messages, warnings, and basic information with
the glyphs. As far as the Talons are concerned, human
writingis justa Wyrm/Weaver-corruptedform of glyphs.
And who knows? Maybe they're right.
Auspleat
‘The other tribes sometimes view the Red Talons
asthe i tribe" as well as the "lupus tribe". heal

‘any homid Theurge on his best day. The rare

ifevery!
isawarrior.. Each of the auspices is given its due a

olfis formidable indeed.
As you might expect, Ragabash Talons tend to
Progress to the "why" stage a little faster than others,
Bere they do‘ alway popes to the pint of
ing the answers themselves.
echo tava cats,

[ARed Talon aly has two names. Among Garou

goes by her deed-name. Usually, this name

§ from a Talon's Rite of Passage of a physical

sitet Snow Runne, for example oe
name on her Rite of Passage

low bic Isaid "due credit." ee
ee tig sske ot alors Lie
a Talon Ahroun who

‘Red Talon No-Moons are never alphas, Instead,
theygettochallengethealphawithoutgettingsmacked
down all the time. The Ragabash's challenges aren't.a
matter of dominance, but of making sure the pack is

ow 0 disguise her path. Some Talons choose thei

"Garou names, 1c really care — they
cinsider their how! names to be their only real names.
ATalon's howl name i teally more than a how,

fi 1 oe the pack into certain death just because
happened to be the strongest wolf ar

. new moon, the Talon hunts by smell. I's
too dark t9 see, of course, so theyrely most on their

They callthe1

Chapter Two: Flesh 47

NY

an


eA ff dommes

AWN
Ss

"Invisible Moon" to remind them that the moon is
there, but hiding. When no moon shines down on
Talon lands, watch out. The Ragabash are the most
cunning, sneaky, and stealthy of the Talons, and on
their auspice moon, they often patrol the bawn, look-
ing for any interloper foolish enough to trespass. To
the Talons, when the moon disappears, it's time to do
the things you wouldn't want anyone to see. Most of
the really brutal attacks on humans take place on the
new, not the full moon.
Thourge — The Moon

You'd have to gosfat afield to find a Red Talon
Theurge as a packyailpha, but they hold sept positions
frequently, Creséent Moons ofthe tribe are the ones

etc. But they're Talons through and through. Don't
i ‘alon Philodox's dofah

language (for example) for "going native." Even sug-
gesting human sympathies might be seen as a chal-
Tenge. The Talons recognize the need to act as humans
occasionally, just like they recognize the need to
defecate. It doesn't mean they necessarily enjoy it.
Under the half moon, the Talons deliberate. Most
Talon moots that have a specific purpose (as op

who.

able with hele "human-minds," which is frankly a
must when dealing with other tribes or keeping hu-
mans eva MO killing them. They exhibit the
typical curiosity of the Theurge auspice, but filtered
chrough PRMMMIMMBscince of Red Talon. What this
means is that these guys discover Gifts nobody's ever
seen becase nobody ever thought to ask

When in the Umbra, the Theurge is beta, auto-
matically (sometimes even alpha). Most Ahroun, of
any tribe, feel rather out of their depth in the spirit
worlds, and the Greseent Moons can often instinc-
tively see through the weirdness presented there.

The Talons call the eréscent moon the "Listening
Moon" because there's enouighilight to see by, but to
realy get a bead on tele th follow sound
the Talons hunt on the crescent Gon, you'll
never see t ey are usually hunting in the
Umbra, rooting out any spiritual infestation on their
land and scattering it to che wifidsi"The other reason
for the "Listening Mogi" isthat Theurges
are quiet Talons They rarely offer opinions unless

tf teed

half-moon.
Galtard — The Horhiag Moon

As this i# my auspice, I paid special attention to
how Talon Galliards behaved. 1 expected Tain
ool them to be as,

as they are,

the Talons isthe timeto

inife. i ce ‘how! theirstories
Wok panges rr ‘but they —
any i the tribe — they remember the
Fe em scale
or where the prey gathers in the greatest numbers. They
pal Talons fell in a given battle and

off ere, hero The Theugea ma
‘commune with the spitits of the forest, but the Galliands
hear the howls of the ancestors and teach their lessons.

‘What Galliards don't do, however, is write. The

4S Garou's glyph language; they don't believe that it
should be used to tell. stories, but rather to convey
warnings and record fact. A story changes with the
teller, and the Talons think this is a good thing.
Therefore, it's the Half-Moons that use the glyphs.
Talon Galliards tellstheiristories with howls, scents,

language, which means thatthe experience

remembef what you say (verbally or otherwise).
Phlox — Moon

If there's a time under the moon for the "human-
mind" among Talons, this is it. Philodox are pack
alphas Po among the Talons, and
ithe most adept at picking up human behav-
io ARMM ccoar tras That in no way
makes them tolerant,jhowever, it just means they
won't usually go out of their way to kill wayward
h

Talon lands, it's the Philodox who decides if the
human should die, be injuredjor just scared out of his
wits so he'll not return
Philodox are respected among Talons because of
hee c

of "hearing
ratte i ela aaa ary tel Fee
Maya Tid lag Mowe
ARal Tablet Yue
you've ralon packmate, The
h they entick thes
RRMRIEITIE Fencic caps into barged nanan

‘onherlips. Bu the Red Talon attacks and goes straight fe
the throat, and to hell with "honorable combat" or "taking:
prisoners?" To the Talon, it's all about winning, becatse
doesn't mean they ign
the Litany or side with the "wrong elements" t0 win,
because to compromise what it is to be a Garou or a Talon
isn't an acceptable victory (and that's where a Talon's
de dif ROM aya Shadioel Lord').

48 Red Talons

ay,

EN:

th makes some sense. Under the light of the full
the Talons hunt proudly and visibly. They
that they can be seen, so they don't try to hide.

Talon Ahroun is usually the alpha of a pack,
always the strongest wolf, and expects to be

ed without question. But these leaders don'trest
irlaurels. Ifa pack suffers a defeat, the alpha
the responsibility and does whatever is neces-
make restitution. If a pack member dies, the

planet. It doesn't matter ifthose humans live in concert
with the world around them (which is rare anyway). It
doesn't matter if those humans are Kinfolk to another
tribe. Ifit's human, then the Wyrm has touched itand
that makes it worthy of eventual destruction.

The Talons believe if fighting the Wyrm to the
bitterend, makenomistakeabout thar. However, they
also believe that as long as humans rule the planet,
there's no way f9 win If every human was dead

pttosing
fg (hence my trip to Snow Runner's home sept)
Allofthat in mind, Red Talon Ahroun are danger-
T te

just because they consider the ultimate

Fe aoa egfthen oy the W ym wallet
itech sn eroulliald aaagy
‘Are the Talons comet? Well dhe W y's work i
certainly being done by the humans, if you'll pardon
sy passive vole, Butdoes that mean that the humans

Becta their ole, and is, after

Wyrm wants? Probably

‘alon
in their rage, and they often fight smarter fe
®un of other tribes. They don't want to inspire

fg such an immense spiritual upset that the bal-
ance of the world, such as itis, might never be repaired.

‘They justwant

Tolat
The Talons know what we all know — the Wyrm
ngthe world, the Weaver is badly out of control,
ithe Wyld is... well, the Wyld. But they see the
ble causes and solutions a little differently than
sof the other tribes. Right or wrong, who can say,
Phe beliefs definitely deserve consideration.

dispel a myth: The forest is nor the Wyld. It

fbea Wyld place, in as much as isn't of the Wyrm
eaver, but the Wyld is pure chaos. The Red
rel

But the T:
of the Wyrm, so the notion that the humans have a
place under Gaia doesn't usually cross their minds.

I said before that the Talons rely on patterns, just
Hike ol anal Bus se choles hone posers —
seasons, life and death, joned by Gaia and
nective se) eee eee Te pattems
thar allow humans to build their "hives"

Wb level forces and onhcrwise lg che
natural patterns, the Talons feel, are dangerous and
ulvimately blasphemous. The tribe feels thar humians
ae the Wyrm's servants, but that the Weaver profits
by the arrangement. Therefore, even ifyouconvinced
a Talonithat the Weaver is a more dangerous foe than
the Wyrm (not hardin and of itself), chat Talon would

they're the ones building all the Weaver-trash.
And,

the Weaver scares

a Vee ei satsuch, eatepecds,
kill from

ee ecg fousiate

arabe why! ie te

don't have aecasion to question is much.
b fi

Kent Talons They Reni spirits are

usually spiders, and spiders are more efficient hunters

than wolves, T heard a prophecy from)a young Talon

Theurge once, She said thar she saw. a great gray wolf,
codsts

what color
" gender, for cryingout loud. The Talons
with this rather shit

around it out of respect But then alhuge spiderleaped on,

feyknowwhat the Wyld does}so who cares what its?

periodically sees that vision, but has never seen the
cocoon open of what the wolf might be changing into.
She seemed to feel the wolf represented the Garou
Iehink

The Talons are slightly less realistic about the
mn Most T: Wyrm is

than that.

Chapter Two: Flesh 49

N

da

M/A


Aleman

a

ae

ss

AN

Topemes ane Sith

The Red Talons follow Griffin as their tribal
pee ei
do 41

time of day. I did that once at ag@aern that Griffin

ihe masteflof tbe rite, and sepe's leaden — bw not
Griffins

lon'tsimply oly
acaem fe a pack that follows ‘Waifs a totem (Fenris
isa wolf, buthe's more War in wolf clothing). Lasked
a Red Talon Galliard called Soft-Clear-Howl about
this once, and she told me the following story:

All Red Talon follow the Progenitor Wolf, he Wolf
of-Al-Tribes, inthe h

Seth CEM GER, Mediate the
gird and Rie ig ry car, "Wg re voig
here, two-legs?"

I thought lwasserewed, that the Wander! had found
flict
of mefT told ae here because a Talon died for

did so as well.

my Va ‘other Garou to know about

to change, the Tolonbecane Reon ef el
thus, and.the other ebes became jealous that Wolf paid
helo Talons. Th

he tribe; because I think they are wiser than we." That
didn't work. Guffi didn't earéjabout making up for
mistakes or other Garou. He dug hisclays in. said, "I'm

totheir own totemsy and their totems became insulted and
left them. Now loathout any spiritual guidance, the tribes

the'Apocalypse." He dug hisiclaws in deeper; Griffin
doesn't think that secret is a Seret —=hhe pretty much

nd then,

my strength,

turnedto the M.

all Garou might follow him again. right as I was blacking out from pin, I twisted under-
‘The Talons cried to explain, chat following Wolf was neath him, shoved uy and

natural and couldn't be shared, but the tribes had, a jumped the hell clear of thase claws.

growled and threatenedvand finally, the Talons wt
cand calléd upon the Progenitor Wolf to ask hi advice
‘The Wolf said that the other tribes would not feel as
though they were free to follow him as long as the Talons
claimed him as their tribal totem. He then called upon
Griffin, ever hungry, ever fierce Griffin, and bade him
‘guide the Talons in battle and keep their predator's heart
and true in the years to come. And Wolf faded into
the Umbra, refusing ever to serve as tribe, pack, or sept
totem in his pure form again
The other tribes each had to make amends to their
totems, and each demanded a price, and this is why pack
totems make demands of their charges. But Griffin makes
nds of his children, though he does shun human-
bom Garou, since they were the cause ofall the trouble
‘And there you have it. Doesn't cast the rest of us in
1 very favorable light, true, but I can see it happening.
Talons follow other totems regularly. Some of

cons, either because they don't get on well with non-
lupus, or because the Talons don't see a reason to share
their knowledge.

He wasn't behind me, of course, but I knew he was
around. I said, "I'm here for my own reasons, and just
because I'mnotalupusdoesn'tmean I'mnota hunter."
Griffin left me alone after that. I'm not sure if he
approved of my answer or not, but got out ofthe sept
Iwas homid, to my ge.

4h

‘Asyou may know, Lion was once the totem of the
White Howlers. But when that tribe fell, the totem
didn't fall with it. Instead, Lion slunk off, pride wounded

The story
Lion and pulled him up by the bootstraps, as it were,
Now he's a member of Griffin's brood, and sometimes
acts as a pack totem.

Normally, Lion is very hidebound and tradition-
oriented, but when he acts as a Talon pack totem, he
exhibits his more predatory side (which means that
Lion as pack totem is often female, as the lionesses do
most of the hunting). Naturally, Lion is most revered
by the Kucha Ekundu, chough I'm told they'e very

natural Cape hunting dogs and lions don't really get
along, but then, neither do wolves and wolverines.

of predator, but Griffin has

Th
hunter. The Gifin hunts down hisprey with thee

a soft spot for extinct animals. The Mammoth will

ofthe ith
the wolfs ungse. Grif dean's ike hom oat
and that almost cost me my life once.

I mentioned before that I occasionally had to pass
myself off as a lupus to get the Talons to give me the

50

ofthe Great Beat.
when I was unlucky enough to be present when a Red
Talon caem was invaded by Wyrm-forces. The battle

Red Talons

YY

ey / de

Nn

there wasn't anyone nearby to contact. And then,
erly, the Mammoth came crashing through the trees
stomping on invaders, throwing them into
with is trunk — ic was really magnificent.
Tyeheard that Mammoth wasonce afavored totem
he Croat

1 asked every Talon Theurge I met about this
totem, and gor the same answers each time. They all
knew he existed, but had never met him. They all
knew he was present in every Garou caern, but not as
a totem. Reports varied on whether he acts as a pack

ly the Talon ything
calling him up. I rather doube that the Uktena

soften, the
Talon to "inhabit." That Talon, always a mature wolf
Wolf

moth stashed away somewhere, however. Forwhat
wort, I hear rumors about Mammoth making
in the Appalachian Mountains, and the
living up there finding his tracks and trying to sell
Just rumors, as far as T know.

be Sampcen might like to think they've got
ins locked up, bur that's really not the case. Sphinx

Berber of Crifin's brood, and recenly stared
ting back toher roots, s0 to speak. After the 'Gazers
f the Garou Nation, Sphinx slowly started with-

of the Woods, never seen again by his packmates or
sept, except in fleeting glimpses and scent marks.

All tribes have little mini-societies. Some date
back millennia. Some started yesterday, butall of them
are true members of their respective tribes with a
slightly different take on how things should be done.

Pm almost em! about this, but I know
more about Talon camps than I do about those in my
own tribe. But Talons aren't usually very secretive.

-y wear their opinions in the open. It isn't chat they
‘can't lie, but they can't do it while speaking (or, more
accurately, communicating) in the "wolf language."
So if you need to know whether a Talon fits into a
given camp, ask. They might respond with "None of
your business" but they won't lie to you.

Aword eer

es that the Sphinx feels all pre
t—Gi

that most Talons fall into one in

deserve to be prey. The Sphinx acts as a kind ef

ior to Griffin, checking Rage with wisdom, but
n that Sphinx has gotten bloodthirsty of late, I
derhow that will affect the tribe's totem.

Si Telos revere Wolverine. I's far and away the
em Ripe innlerecttinees t,apart
‘course. It's so vicious that the Talons are

atthe drop ofa hat, and will ear their opponents
Bihreds. They're also almost impossible to hurt.
| Some Talons Wolverine

these camps, at least they'd cease t
tae Tippee econ Aa Peerion
Faction (or Whelp's Compromise, as it's known in
most of the tribe) has dwindled to almost no members
over the last few years.

Colt

Red Talons kill humans — I covered that before.
But they kill them quickly and cleanly, ordinarily.
Talons aren't much on torture, except perhaps the
Dying Cubs.

This "camp" i the most like a secret society, in that
they have their own rites and practices. They leamed
rituals from somewhere that allow them to "feed" the
Earth witha human'spain, which meansthe longer they

Wolverine doesn't like strategy or preiiiiag it

draws. yl
victim's death out for days if they can, sometimes

isthe firs to enter a battle, regardless of the odds.

Thestory goes, you'll remember, that Wolf doesn't
etasatotem in his purest form anymore. But aspects
folf sometimes do, and this is where you'll find
isthe wolves that accompany the Wild Hunt, and
Wolf of the Wood:

ey learn
Gifts from pain-spirits, but haven't really scratched the
surface of what they can learn, because the camp is
composed chiefly of young Garou.

These guys are dangerous, and not just because
they might grab the wrong human some day and bring
down retribution on the trit Garou in
general). One nigh-universal truth I've leaned as a

Chapter Two: Flesh 51

ee

Wi

7) mm

ya


et £7 pam

iia

iN

werewolf is "as above, so below." You get out what you

hesitate to kill a human if necessary, but they don't

putin.
the lands, what do they think that does to the spirits?
I spoke with a Dying Cub in Canada. I won't use

for his own protection, but rest assured

think that way t0 g0.

However, the reasons for this vary. Some of them
don see humans as tremendous mistake of Gaia and
chink tha i

everybody who needs to know about him does know:

The last human who ventured here after dark took
three nights to die. We used sticks, sharp rocks, thos,
teeth, claws, urine, fire, and finally his oun jewelry. I'm
not sure what finaly killed him, but when he died, I heard
the Land sigh in satisfaction.

Lodge of the Predator Kings

All of the really nasty, vicious rumors that float
around about the Talons can probably be traced back
to this camp, The Lodge of the Predator Kings is made
up of the Red Talons who want to see every human
being on the planet dead. No compromise, no homid
Kinfolk.

could be kept under control. Some Warders, il
pie

of the humans, so another solution needs to be found.
But what if the Garou had some sort of quasi-nuclear
weapon that could kill off humans but fies thet rest of,

happy about it. In general, the Warders of the Land are
the more realistic Talons, but they'e still Talons.
Most of tribe falls into this camp, philosophically
at least. Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds was definitely a
Warder of the Land:
Human beings rule the planet. They are not Gils
chen rues, but they ne. No mater loudly ue

there was a chance for eee eile itself, they
say, but that chance is long past. Now the only way for
Gaia to have a chance to heal is to remove the
creatures that continually injure Her.
Needless to say, this isn't a popular attitude among
Th sg aie

-

Nowolf
ities we must instead finda way around it,
Whofpe: Compromiu

Here's where the real friction in the tribe comes
from. No Talon will ever identify himself as being a
"member of Whelp's Compromise" — they consider
the title as insul sounds, Other tribes call th

of hunters, supematural or otherwise, who can trace
them. The Lodge doesn't care. They are beyond giving a
damn about consequences, becuse they know they are

camp the "Anti-Extinetion Faction" and it's usually
looked at as the "Talons who don't want to kill all the
humans," but there's more to it than that. These

going to lose
portant extremely dangerous.

in
they're born in captivity or have had experience with

During the Gulf War, |
ing that if Saddam got his hands on nukes, we'd be in
trouble. He'd use them, the theory went, because his
religion taught that ifhe died in service to God he'd end
up in Heaven. The Predator Kings are much the same.
Ifthey die doing Griffins true bidding," eheyll goon to
ag , or so the Th

Finding a "member" of this camp isn't difficult
They aren't very secretive. I spoke with one called
Blood Rain at the same sept as Strange Smile:

(Ouer sept leaders alow humans inside the bawn. They
claim they have no choice. They claim that the forest is

stay past darkand willnever disrupt our moots Inowa better
‘way to keep the humans from disrupting our moots. Our sept
woud mak fine wich bing he mpeg
‘again. Perhaps you could convince the elders of
Warders of the Lavdt

Not really somuch acamp, the Warders are asclose
to "moderate" as a Talon gets. The Warders tend fall

Kings and Whelp's Compromise, Most of them won't

they just see something — a mother and child, a
ve | ha land hat al

them think twice about killing them all.

In short, these Garou believe that human beings
are worth keeping around. That doesn't make them
soft, though. Whelps will go after humans who defile
Gala with he Pred

torKings. The underlying motive seems to be, "Do
realize what the rest of my tribe wants todo to you and
you're still throwing shit everywhere

L talked to a Whelp in Anca Gab Rage-in-
the-Streets, who's unique in that he's gained
status among the Talons there. Worth noting, by the
oe thathe was a certified Predator King in his youth:

Look, the humans can lear. It just takes them some

time. And a lot of what's wrong with them — in cits
especially —youcan blame onthe Bloodsuckers. Kllofie

cover the humans' heads, and they'll catch on. It's alocof
work, yeah, but notany more than killing allo the humans
off, right?

52 RedTalons

Aa

=

Wafer Packs

Some of the information in this little
Saffthat everybody in the Garou nation knows.
Gfitis sensitive enough that the Red Talons probably
Houldn't like everybody to know about it, but it's not
the end of the world if they did. And then there are a

cts that I'm really not supposed to know. The
fainence of the Winter Packs definitely falls into that
ater category

Recently (Ican'tgive youadate—once again, the
Talons are foggy on time) much of the tribe met in
Alaska somewhere and decided that they needed tc
Hick the war on humanity up a notch. That council
became known, among the Talons, as the Winter
Gouncil. The major decision was that some of the Red
Talons undergoing their First Change in the coming
yearwould ly trained from the outset to hate
humans. They wouldn't see a human, they wouldn't
a bout humans from other tribes. They wouldn't

fen be allowed to speak with a homid Garou. They
agony cach abou nana co wake
them efficient people-killers. And then the various

Red Talon septs would put these Garou together into
sacks and send them out into the world with specific

8 on killing humans (as in, they won't just
people up). These
there aren't that many Garou to go around, after all,
and the Talons have to send some Garou out to the rest

charge into a city and start tearing
Vi ks

tion or else things look suspici¢
since all Talons are lupus, there's not only a slight
arou ina litter will breed
true, but they'll know it in less time (two years or less,
normally). Sothese Winter Packs doexist. 'm not sure
howmany there are or where they'd be located, oreven,

talked to
Garou, and what information I do hav

bullied out of a spirit who was nearby during abe
Winter Council.

Really, I don't know what scares me most about
ie otto nlasons Nox only ae the T alons taking
drastic, immediate ds their goals but
thi ing subtle about it. Makes me wonder whom
not to my knowl-

re learning from. It's not us.
edge, anyway

Chapter Two: Flesh

RES ER SEE TE TY


ads

ini.

A LS dammorn
The Litany

The tenets by which we all live... sort of. A bit of
Garou history that some cubs just aren't taught any-
more is that fora law to become Litany all ofthe tribes

it. Th

Combat the Wyrm Wherever If Duell
avd Whanever It Breeds

The Red Talons won't ever be accused of slacking.
‘on this one, I'm sure. However, they con't buy the
this

"current"
Litany was established, all sixteen tribes (because it
happened before the War of Tears, the fall of the
Croatan, and even the corruption of the White How-
ers) had to agree, right?

History gets muddled occasionally. I'd be inter-
ested in knowing how the Bunyip took part in that
debate, since the European Garou were so
surprised to see them when Australia was "colonized.
But be that as it may, the Red Talons don't consider
themselves bound by the Litany. Let that bombshell
settle before re on.

‘According to Talon lore, the Red Talons weren't
a tribe in the same sense as the other Garou. Inste
they were only bound by the fact that they refused t6
mate with humans, but didn't get the status of a tribé
or the name "Red Talons" until afer the Litany was
fralael egeta

the Wyrm being the root of all evil. They blame the

the W
Gaia-appointed task and because it's for their own
safety, not because of the Litany.
Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds notes: The Wyrm served
a purpose once, and the need for that purpose has not
changed. If we were to blunt the Wyrm's teeth by
i h

= perhaps it would give up its quest for destruction.
But.the Weaver presents a greater threat, and it t00
{es the humans to do its work. Our choice of action.

ishould be clear.
Respect the Tavohiory of Another

The Talons believe that the fact that someone had:

ae it's void where they're ‘This attitude
isn't universal among the Talons, but good luck trying
togeta Talon in trouble on an infringement of sayymob
respecting all beneath her. They just don't cate, and
some Talon Theurges know a rite that undoes the
Punishment Rites that the other tribes like to use.
Each tenet of the Litany, therefore, has a different

‘human, the Garou. Talons keep

Garou or not, who trespasses. But they see it more as
hunting grounds" than territory. The Talons don't
believe in ownership; they hunt the land because they
ate stronger enough to keep other predators out. Thats
vvery different than saying, "This land is mine because
my family lived here for centuries" or "I hold a deed."

‘alons. Let's P y,
take on the Litany as observed by the Red Talons, and'
helt Hearth Sevll ae

Philodox, he had some strong opinions on the Litany).
Garon Sball Not Ntape With Ofber Garou

Well, this one's easy, right? The Talons figure
they've never broken this one, but as| said earlier, you
could find a few Red Talon metis if you looked hard
enough. In general, Talons mate as wolves do (when
the bitches go into heat) so two Talons mating has
other issues besides the Litany. Mating for desire's sake
rather than to propagate the species, for instance. It
isn't thatthe Talons disallow sexual desire in the tribe,
but they see it asa function of the human-mind, and
therefore distrust it.

Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds adds: | said before that

rou
oftheirparents. A metischildh

Accept an Honorable Surrevsler

ds laments: We no longet
we once did, and th

lands are unsuitable for us after humans build there.
We need a way not only to reclaim our lands but also
to destroy what the humans have wrought, that true
life might begin again.

In brief: Surrendering to Talon in a duel is usually
safe, because dominance struggles are part of growing
up for them. They also expect the same; a Talon who
knows he's beaten will usually surrender and consider
the matter closed.

Of course, "usually" isthe key word here. A Talon

might wel ly ino frenzy and not stop fighting und

think tha a Talons insets will protect you.

and may grow to be a warrior for Gaia, if not a wolf.
Two Garou that produce a metis have strayed from
If They

punished accordingly.

54 Red Talons

on challenge and
der. Mackotthe mean wil submit he felis
challenger is truly stronger. However, when one chal-

ng
dominance, this is difficult for a Talon to gauge, which

Jia


—

some Talons into unnecessary challenges. Some-
theater Garou need ony change to Laps
the Talon to realize his tu

Talons are lousy liars (and I'm a damned good
one), and every Talon I asked about eating people
t ‘Once in

awhile, Igota"t

place. Other G:

buttheRed

avoid it" did a Talon cite the

BB ot. Any fale chelenge es lemon to the

40 Tee of Higher Stethon
aie the wolf's instincts take over here. abe

Litany as reason to not eat human flesh.

Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds shares some history: Hu-
‘mans were once prey for all animals. They may have
stolen the mantle of predator, but we know the truth.
They are too weak to hunt on their own, and they

. | salbaaa ecco the Talon Pure
dingtrigaersthe inet
theSiverFinguvekepthem nin). Butasthe

Prey might
mimic its predator, but the truth always comes out
when the prey is corner

respect

1 pay leanne os net Within do

anelder'san elder and is given due respect. Outside
be,

Loneath Ye —AffAre of Coda

The Talons understand the concept of "respect"
‘Onge it's been explained to them, but they don't buy
this tenet. The Talons are brutally honest, and that

Talons or otherwise prove himself.
Hearth Smallest Sounds notes: I've led many a
etinmy time here,and while I doso,even the elders

true leader. Any
Be terse a ruc leader Would thar
the other tribes.
Share of the Kit

rhe Creates so Shion

"The Red Talons take this literally. The alpha eats
8 Theyaren'tbigon lootingbodies,sothe lijusttake'
sets "

means "textol a foe just because he was
rough to kill. They don't respect humans. They have a
Fm of respect for prey animals, but only inasmuch as
they, knowthe animal must die so they can live. OF
‘course, the prey animal doesn't necessarily respect the
animal'that eats it, right? On the whole, the Talons
dliseard this tenet as a human concept.
Hears-the-Smailest-Sounds puts a more Red Talon spin
‘nthis: Whatever the motivesofthe Garou who firstsang
‘thistencr, a Red Talon should respect everything under
Gaia a because it exists. This is a mistake humans
‘Make —they think that they are somehow special. They
pee ea a errr w
Talons. All are indeed of Gaia. If we are to punish the

. Again,

the fact that the other tribes needed t0 be

ded tha che big wolf eats first saddens the Talons.
Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds agrees: The alpha is
and by allowing him to eat first, we show
ting before the alpha is a challenge and

The ated

tribes see this tenet as pretty much inviolate.
Ansa Stach ase oat us, they'd hunt us down,
right? The Talons waver on this point, though. Again, most
of them know that they've lost, that it's just a matter of time
before the last wolvesdie. So, who cares ifthe humans know
and come tokill us? Atleast then, the Talons feel, we could

about in the shadows. A Talon who accidentally reveals
himself to a hu but I

Talons.
ies true — they break this tenet relly. In
ukitibal septs, they keep

into a city and letting Rage take hold.
Hiei Sih

ds adds: The Veil protects

eirown, the faTalonis
fiisacl: the tribe docen't

‘old either. They'l hide her and protect her as

ay, because they don't feel there's anything
ng with eating people, so long as the meat is
ned fist (and yes, they have rites for that).

are. I don't them but
we do owe itourselves to keep our caerns and Kin safe.
‘When possible, we should disguise our kills so thar the
humans do not begin slaughtering wolves any more
vigorously than they do.

Chapter Two: Flesh 55

SO

WwW

ia

ha


i a

wen

WN

eA ff Gammon

DoNof. Li People
10 Tend

Wolves wander off into the woods to die. Talons
who know the end isnear do the same. They don ely
on their fellows to end their lives; indeed, that's
considered a big taboo among the Talons.

Ifa Talon becomes diseased or tainted, however,
and doesn't realize that his time has come, that's a
different matter. The Talons of his sept or pack con-

sory. Theil hunt him tothe ends ofthe Earth
I've seen it 7
© Hearse SalleseSolitds dled fom Basel
when his caern was poi at's how strong the
connection to the caern was for him.
The Woftar Wolf

‘The Red Talons might like to think of themselves as

IfoundRed'

Talon will
tend a wound is where their wolf Kin are involved.
They believe (rightly so) that their Kin

never set foot. Over the course of my travel, made some
keep th locations of d

spread to lose any to accident, and will care for the
wounded as long as necessary.

secret. I've never been known for my ability to keep a
promise, but I'm not giving directions. I'll give you a

Ll se ales rahi
sick: What of aGarou in rand -ofaGarou who
is Sper or wounded by a Wyrm-creature, but can be

to ane them the "honor" of dying alone and of not

North Atmerlea

Quite a few Talons here, but then, it's a big place.
The Red Talonsaren't very frgvingofhumans butte
Western tion that wolves kill

e day that we no
care for our own will be a sad one, for we will act like
callous humans rather than loyal and caring wolves.

The Leafer Nagy Be Challenged
at Any Time Peace

A
make off with livestock never se thetibeaa a

fed Tulse scestel fork Meco wolvcl Sa

very confused by the fact that humans shoot their Kin

on sight, and then other humans tyro save them. (At
hh

Another tenet that the Talons

thee isno longer any peace, but the Talons typically
don't buy'

Teast they recogn the latter

Farther east, I found Talons in the cal of
Kentucky and Tennessee. Again, not many wolf Kin
left, but once in a great while a Talon runs with a Kin.
pack. The though

oy rare viilng a hhunting, after al.
Te Lame ley Net Ee

I'veseenall- Sith aneers Ir's beautiful. They
move in perfect concert, they don't try to outdo eact
other for glory or spite, each one does what he's

d that's it. Th
ea alpha gives an order, it's usually ‘allowed
fore he's done giving it. A Talon in a multi-tri
pack isin fora surprise. Snow Runner sure was the first

pack, but also on the Talon's sept.
Heading north, we eventually hit upstate New
York. The North Country Protectorate isn't just Red
Tal :
bers of other tribes (Get and Shadow Lords, mostly)
will try to snatch a female wolf to use for their own.
breeding purposes, but I don't know that it's true
‘What I do know is that the Talons control a very small
caern in upstate New York, afew days'run from Utica
(evidently

time our pack got into a fight. The homids fight like

paid attention to what anyone else was doing. I think
we could all use another look at this tenet.

Ye Stall Take No Acton
That Cantet a Caern fo be Violated

The Talons may not buy into the Litany, but they
sure as hell follow this tenet, to the point that a lot of
Talon caemns don't even admit non-Talon (or at least
non-lupus) Garou. Any human that sets foot any-
where near the heart of a Talon caem dies. End of

but I have the
that only one pack looks after it.

Going even farther north, we make it
Canada's a nice place to be if you're a wolf, Since large
parts of the country are still forested, and the canucks
haven't been quite as ambitious about cutting downall
the trees as the Americans, the Talons still breed and
live here, probably better than anywhere else in the

Hd. Tal ida, a few
miles east of Great Bear Lake, and the tribe has

56 Red Talons

WI

Wy)


Spee en ermanreaarerewam Nn ms

members at several other multi-tribal caerns, In g

fl, Talons outside of a Talon-controlled sept tend to

fe Whelps — they don't see humans as

destructive and wasteful

means that when they do see
« he'

quite as
others. However, that
a human despoiling the
ad, the: ie hi d influence on the other
humans. In shore, he's meat.
's good, Alaska's fait. People stil shoot
Wolves, yeah, but the population is thin and much of the
sores human-less. Especially ifthe Talons get their way
(One ofthe septs in Alaska is called the Sept of the
Weeping Daughter. le's controlled by Red
itsastrange place in thatthe heart of the caer consists
‘of some hi n (or, more likely, homid Garou) burial
rounds. The caern's totem takes a humanoid form, and
Jetthe Talons protect it. The lore of the area has it that
theforest in which the caem sits is haunted by the ghosts
dead Eskimos (which is true) and that people who
Henture there are corn to shreds by
ote

il forces (which is
nus the evil). On the whole, the humans in
area haven't bothered the caemn much.
That's going to change, though. The caern sits
about 15 miles or so from the small town of Lawso
tnd that town is suffering, economically. Th

begun to negotiate with lumber companies
in probably see where this is going. I told the sept
leader at the Weeping Daughter about it, but I left
ly wasn't welcome), so I've got

the town is still standing.

South America

and you

You'll find wolves
real funisinthe A
bu

n humans" and sign up to give the
ice in the jungle. The problem, as they
discover when they get there, is that the r
not the same kind of forest they grew up in. The prey
is different, the climate is different, and there aren't
any other wolves around (few ifany wolf Kin live down
there, and any that are there are imports), Red Talons
in the war either have something to avenge, have lost

erything, or ar ace to be so far from home
They also tend to be on edge all the time just from
being so far out oft ment. S ce
the chief Talon, Fierce Hunger — learn to deal with it
and set good examples, but more often they either die
in battle or try to get home after a few mc

tribe a prese

nforest is


WN

eA 1S dammvore

In the small nation of Chile, however, the Talons

don't always lip out when they see us. Sometimes they
medi ent

A few years ago, a pack of Talons ventured to Chile to
try and breed with the remaining Andean wolves (so
named for their home, the Chilean Andes). It's worked,

ch they have

up with these Garou.

One of the places the Red Talons are hoping to

preserve is in Northern Spain. On the lower slopes of
*—Shelter. Sound

dge, the

don't control a caer in the mountains, but I heard his
information secondhand, so there might well be "Chil-
can Sept" out there somewhere.

Guye

like it should be a Children of Gaia caern, right? Wel,
at one point, it was.

The story goes that some 400 years ago, the Chil-
dren held that caer and ran a small church nearby. A

peop
a church were Rinfolle end diay Hal

Th Weaver,

stip
things— dChris-

here at
all I'm pent Re the mae in ‘particular con-
m

itsnotmuch. They have protectorateshere, but they're
pitifully small — much too small for theit Kin to be

tianity but didn't oppress each other. The Children of
Gaia were evidently very pleased with themselves for
this mini-utopia. It didn't last, of course. One night a
Red Talon Theurge called Howl-Chills-the-Blood

cating well, unless the Talons:
You might fd the od Talon ara mula sepe

about to rise up against them and that they would lose
the caer. The Children, naturally, didn't aes
The next

the rural parts of Hungary
and Scandinavia, And even in these places, those con-
centrations aren't really "big." The Talons in Europe are
about one hair away from raging across the continent
because they've been backed into comersfor fa too long.
For example, a sign of hope recently was a new
pack of Kin wolves in Scandinavia. They're dead —
the humans found out and slaughtered them. One wolf
survived, and that was by entering his First Change.
Europ has o fw wild place ef and what cha ae
ally too small fo
Dhie River Coe (crluie yer Taek = tis ent ec

leader. He was a dark, scary guy who only came out at
night nd he'd aparently ben therefor some tine =

Gaians had just gotten too complacent to notice
him, The Children eied to figure out why the people

same people rose up against them, bumed the church:
+h sh, ch off

the Children (with the bloodsucker's help) and built a

new town farther down the mountain. Howl-Chills

the-Blood led her tribe to the caern and they've run it

‘ever since, but they kept the old name. It's just kind of

funny that a caern called ese er's Shel
d for

elter" isnow the
Its on local towns.

the Tal 1
(esccening Rmaotenitene separately).

1 good news, if you want to call i that, is that
the Teens the Black Furies, and the Shadow

advances against the Wyrm and its minions. There's
some friction between the Talons and the Furies — I
mentioned Hears-the-Smallest-Sounds' thoughts on
rescuing human women from the "rape camps" in
E H

the Talons have been more receptive to give and take.
‘After all, they got their fondest wish out of it. The
Impergium has begun anew.

Ie sounds crazy, 1 know, but it's true. In the few

dTalons, th
culling. Idon'tknow what system they use tofigure out
who or how many humans to kill, but I do know that
they aren't the only tribe involved. The trouble, of
H

Wonder if that vampire is still around, though?

Last bastion of Silver Fang domina
howd that slip out?

The Red Talons were hit just as hard by the
er tribe. Probably worse,

+ Sorry,

shooting them from helicopters,
great Hag ‘aga was orchestrating the entire
country's corruption didn't help.

Now, I'm not really up on who or what Baba Yaga
was. I've been to Russia, but very recently. | heard
stories about the Battle of Kursk and how more than
200 Garou fought the great Zmei that night, but |
don't know the truth of it. What I do know is that
even if Russia's not a roach motel for Garou anymore,

58 Red Talons

it's still a di lace. Black Spiral Dancers and

WI


sBanes are considered mundane problems
Si'sthe fact that the land is despoiled in
ore places than not and that caerns have
habit of falling year by year that causes

Bi cealytaey would lec ocher
Banking on my remarkable skills of subter-
fie tried to visic while I was in Russia. I's
Bepposed to be a caern of fertility, and I've
ever seen one (who has?). But when I
Jentured o where the caern was supposed to
Be couldn't find it.I found no Garou, no
Imolves, no evidence of any caern.

The caer could have fallen, I suppose,

iia'thave the same pow
Bites ually do. I don' chink is gone for
pred, for two reasons. I did some ask:

iBther caerns in Russia, and found that the
Get (who are lousy liars) know something
aboutit. They perecing ds bette ver
Iieause the Get of treacher

they've assisted the Talons, they'

Ipod ob of it

or King, returned from
secret to share with

Fait of pissing off potential allies, but he
seems to have made some friends now, be
fea I couldn't get straight answers out of
faxyne. One Ragabash actually suggested
thatthe entire caern was transported intoan
Unbral realm! Is that even possible

Bet you didn't even know that wolves
Here native to ee hat Wolves ahs
here (comp: nd, just lil
where else, Be afer pened livestock
(think about ir—the prey can'trun very f
fan they'). The problem is that the locals
have gotten smart about keeping livestock
penned in and safe re
are going after another e
intended infanc children.

My first reaction to that was probably
Histas instinctive as my readers', but frankl
can see where the wolves are coming from.


PHA

oa

re 1S dames

Try to distance yourself from the horror of losing a

it will eat carrion. It has no compunctions about
pulling down a helpless fawn or calf, and an infant
hhuman left out at the wrong time is just a tempting
meal to a starving wolf. This doesn't do anything for
the wolf' international public relations, however.
But there's another spin on this: when wolves
carry off an infant, the government pays the family a
lot of money. More than a year's salary, in some cases.
So some folks have speculated that occasionally in-

find them. The parents get their money, they get to
blame the wolves for theit loss, and life goes on. Ifthe
notion of wolves eating babies made you queasy, the

money should make you feel even worse.

But Indian folklore is replete with wolves, even
nowadays. People there believe in werewolves, and
fearthem even ifthey don't understand them. The two
tribes thar have the biggest presence in India are the
Children of Gaia and (of course) the Red Talons,
which may be one reason why people are o afa of

The Talons and the Ch
Reciic as the Tal Il ads

collective guilt over the war (except the Children of

jaia, who just act smug about the fact that they
didn't participate), but the local Red Talons stil
maintain what they did was just.

Well, the Australian Talons may not know it, but
the Talons in the rest of the world think that the
"dingoes" are about as much part of the tribe as a
mixed-breed husky. The basic attitude is "Sure, you go
play at being a Talon, but you haven't done a thing
‘except exterminate a tribe." Needless to say, bringing
that up to Australian Talons is unwise (but I did it
anyway). They tend to Rage very quickly at any

less wolf. Truth hurts, I guess.
‘Australia's Garou look to a ruling body called the
Jindabyne Council for leadership. One member of
ceach tribe sits on it. The council's had its share of
troubles. The former Shadow Lord member went nuts
and tried to take over the country or something, the
Fianna have been feuding for years, but the Talons
were all pretty united behind their leader, an Ahroun:
called Mamu. And then something weird happened.
All of my Galliard instincts scream out to be more
specific chan chat, but I really don't know and even
the new Red Talon leader and a

the
lack of technology and the crowded conditions to try

damned nice fella, won't tell me. He just makes vague

references to \d "a miracle" and lets
it go at that. in my own tribe in Australia feel

are fed to wolves — it would offend the Children's
ibil but!

to find a parent willingly giving up its children to a
predator. Wolves fight for their cubs.

As far as specifics go, I mentioned earlier that I
spoke with a No-Moon near a small village. He repre-
sented a sept, but refused to tell me where. I tagged
him, spiritually speaking, and followed him home. |
didn' get roo close to the bawn ofthe caer before |

ff, and

ithas something to do with the Glass Walkers or the

Mokolé, or both, but I can't seem to get the real story.

yway, Mamu stormed off into the outback and

pretty much kills whatever crosses his path. The Tal-
‘hs

(who, as I mentioned earlier, is a Whelp and proud of
it). And, talk outside of the country has it that some
Tal es loath

"real Talons" down there to hunt Mamu down, oust

had to bail (
d hasn't let

houldbe. * h

‘me forget it since) but that caern is hot. It's a caern of
Rage, I'd guess, and given the amount of secrecy
surrounding it, the Talons of India have something
important on the horizon.

No wolves here. Only dingoes. But the Talons
make do.

You've no doubt heard the ugly history of the
War of Tears. The Black Spiral Dancers tricked a
Red Talon into starting the war, the Shadow Lords
jumped on board because we're sneaky and evil
(whatever), and Bob's-your-uncle, the Bunyip are
all dead. Every Garou in Australia now feels the

60 Red Talons

Tilwarn Rage,

but so far nothing's come of it.

Again, no native wolves, but that doesn't stop the
trol a caemn near Luxor in Egypt
called Howling Sands, but I couldn't get in (no non-
Talons allowed). Apparently that caem's fallen on
hard times, but I didn't find out much. There's a
‘member of the sept who might have talked to me, but
then the Guardians showed up and I really didn't fel
like tussling with them.
Farther south in Africa, though, are the Kucha
Ekundu — Red Talons that breed with Cape hunting
dogs. I have to admit, they look really funny. They'e

-


ee:

their fur. But they're true Garou, don't ever doubt
re not as strong as you or me, but they're

and they use pack tactics better than some
sd war packs I've seen. Allegedly the Talons

d breeding with them as the result of a test from
‘Mokolé, and passed it. I know that the Fera of
ca are united now (at least in theory) under an
eement called the Ahadi. I also know that the
‘Striders and the Red Talons are boon compan-

with Walks-With-Might (who, while hes nord
on, evidently carries enough clout with the Blood-
Rock to speak for them) who invited me to visit.

the place. Ldlove to
go, but I think I'm excluded. Ah, well,
Another Wal. chat he Talon SGU i

oad

Forwhatit's worth. Thisis\

the Red Talons, the E
‘us — from wolves, fram werewolves, from allthe other
tribes. They advocate wholesale slaughter of a race
that most of us consider Kin. They're angry and resent-
I, and we can understand that intellectually, but

‘much more sociable than most Talons, although
same attitude about humans

we'l lke to know inthe pts

Umbra
The Talons asl mentioned deferto their Theurges

cone. We might know it as Garou, but our hie
ies and Kinfolk are still around, and we can take

fami
joy in that. The Red Talons Rage against total extinc-

ithe Umbra.
tt severely, and Wadedgls don' ‘thavealotofroom
epecerune, a aaa to go to a city is ee

ng her to:

a while the
pee. Talons Ae PIREMPSP Retr ond ate the
of Umbral cityscapes.

In cs » they're jstas comfortable
fas anof us, if not more 50. Scents are

|, which makes the Talons even greater

ey can eact instinctively and not worry

ome humanthing gumming up the works; no
no gates. Some, Talons venture off into the

chatiSo ines EEA pe towoplay thet
pain, and we ta tothe Talons. We forget what
they know. We forget the past.

But the Red Talons have been right about every-
thing so far. They were right about the Impergium;
ending it was a mistake. They were right about the
War of Rage. They were right in every single one of
their prophecies.

They still howl out their portents, you know.
Listen atamoot ifa Red Talon ishowling astory. A lot
of times, their howls seem disjointed to us — no time
frame given in the "story" so we don't know when it's

ig
jumans, or at least

like spirits, but they don't really influence the

ee much) or the Talon homeland. I've never been
the Talon homeland, of course, so I can only

names or
much detail — at least as we know it — so we assume
the Talon doesn't know what he's talking about.
‘That'snotsmart ofus, though. The Talons know the
truth. All we have to do is listen, and I suggest we start.

Chapter Two: Flesh 61

A ES

Aff



all ings, hungry

TheRed Talons' most defining characteristic, and
theone of which they are most proud, is the comple
absence of human blood in their tribe. Their ritual
Faces nd the Gis they lea reflect this. This

ind other traits. Note
Bn ofthese rats (erie and Flaws in partic
Jat) might be appropriate for other lupus Garou at the
Sooteller's discretion. Most of the material found in
this chapter, however, is particular to the wolf tribe
{and rightly 50; i's their book, after all)

Bakgroudt

Asin the other Revised Tribebooks, this section
[sents some ideas and options for customizing Back-
pounds for a Red Talon character. This shouldn't be
seenasarestriction or as gospel truth, butaplayer who
Wishestoplay a Red Talon and ishaving trouble seeing
how they might interact with the outside world might
‘consider these points

Red Talons may not have allies in human society,

=e Ge Ee ming the woods beyond the meadow:
Icould smell them on the winter's nights air. And I was

above

—Neil Gaiman, "Only the End of the World Again"

represent a werewolf ally, although the cost should
likely be increased by
Aveettort

The Red Talon view of time gives them a special
relationship with their Ancor. Whether a dican

ve lived a year or a millennium in the past, the

teats can teach the Talon likely relate to the war
against the Wyrm (and humanity). Since the Talons
methods haven't changed much in the ensuing years,
Talons often don't suffer from tion gap"
between the young cubs and the ancient Ancestors.
Coote

As with Allies, Red Talons cannot purchase this
Background in the usual sense (of human contacts).
The Storyteller may decide to allow a Talon to take
non-human contacts (such as other Garou or even
‘Corax) at an increased cost.

sd Talonsdon'tmake use of fetishesasoften asthe
other tribes, but they do use them. Most Talon fetishes

Talon character to purchase this Background to

Chapter Three: Bones

ned right" tothe Talon who created the fetish.
Talon will take apiece of equipment from

63

just "se
Sometime

Nan

SO fra


Wa

NY

WN

eA ff dammvors

a fallen foe (or a piece of the foe itsélf) and fashion a
fetish from it. While this sometimies'tieans crafting a
fetish from smashed human paraiphemalia, the Talons

Retoureat

Red Talons may not, for obvious reasons, purchase
Resources during character creation, although they
may wind up garnering some wealth through varius

of fear on their puffle.
‘When erating fishes, Talonifreer nofro use

means over the le as usual.

The Red Tak ik ral rites that the

Ty somite that even prey animals often display

ri a fetish that makes the wielder stronger, for ex-

ample, Fetish weapons are noc unknown among the
fas most

= A Talon that wields a weapon has' ie yf

time in a multitribal sept andhis:in for somejtibbing

should she ever visit an allTalon sept.

other tribes haven't discovered, and have their own
take on many existing ones. More information on
Talons and their rites can be found on page 72.
Topem

All-Talon packs, such as the Winter Packs, often
follow Griffin or an affiliated spirit (such as Lion of
Wolverine). Multi-tribal packs including one or more
Red Talons might follow nearly any totem, butnoself
respecting Talon will follow Cockroach or a City
Father/Mother ot any such Weaver-affiliated non-

To say that the Red Tal
Kinflk is a gross understatement. The aes

is no ieee sf tonant eit sidierbeel Te
Talons' Kinfolk are dying out, which means that the
days of the tribe itself are likewise numbered. Any
being so foolish as to injure a wolf, Kinfolk or no,
within miles of a Red Talon has just forfeited its life,
and the Talons will not hear otherwise.

The Kinfolk Background to the Talons is a great
responsibility. Their wolf Kin can provide a welcome
respite from the war, allowing a Talon to run with a
wolf pack and forget her life as a Garou for a short time
(much like human Kin can for homid Garou). But the
Talon must also protect her Kinfolk from the world at
large, not just the forces of the Wyrm. This often leads
Talons to tell no one of their Kinfolk, even their
packmates (which, in turn, can make the Talon diffi-
cult to find in an emergency)

Pare Breed

A Pure Bred Red Talon isan alpha wolf, noquestions
about it. Talons with high levels of Pure Breed tend toa
deep red color all over in Lupus form, and are strikingly
beautiful. Such Garou, however, often look even more
bestil than usual in Homid form (which doesn't mean a
thing to other Talons). Since Talons haven't inbred the
way the Silver Fangs have over the years, their Pure Bred

fast,

ps
st

"prey torems" such a Bull, Goat, or Stag, but this is by

no means a universal attitude in the tril

Griffin's brood teaches the Red Talons Gifts that:
hi hi learn. Al

as with rites, the Red Talons have discovered Gi

that homid Garou probably aren't capable of unde
standing or using them effectively.

The Gifts listed below can be learned by any Red
ki

of the Gift and what kind of spirit might teach it.

© Eye of the Hunter (Level One) — Wolves can
sense which animal from a herd is sick or weak
therefore the easiest prey. Red Talons can do so
mally when confronted with a herd of deer, but
complex creatures like predators or pseudo:
(like humans) make this difficult. This Gift, taughtby
a wolf-spirit, allows the Talon to pick out the weakest
member ofa group ata glance It does not revel

than usual levels of Primal-Urge and Physical Attributes
are often appropriate in such Garou). Most other Red
Talons will instinctively defer to a Pure Bred Garou,
especially one of their own tribe. This sometimes
supercedes rank, if only until both Garou realize who
should actually be considered dominant.

64 Red Talons

thetarget
that us is often enough to

stem: The player rolls Perception + Primal
(aint 7). If the roll succeeds, the character
which member of a given group is the weakest (
mined by the Storyteller) and which isthe leader. If
Red Talon enters combat against this group, she gainsan

WY

=

eS

‘MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Pri-

dodged or fled while the Talon is in mid-leap. A fox- or
hes this Gift.

ie). With success,
Gr

System: roll to leap as usual, as

play
197 of Werewolf. Shi

d the weakest) are beyond the scope of this Gift.
ould you enter combat against the weakest member,
sin a bonus Trait on attack challenges only.
* Hidden Killer (Level One) —The Red Talons
dinotsurvive for so many years without learning ways
9 conceal themselves. This Gift allows a Garou to
behind no physical evidence that would betray
hand (or claws and teeth) ina slaying. This Gife is
ghe by a snake-spiri.
System: After a battle, the Garou must lick each
gund she inflicted once. The player spends one
point and rolls Intelligence + Stealth (difi-
Delf the rolls inds alter them-

as. Any peripheral damage (smashed furniture, for
ple) reas as was, however.

point of Rage and rolls Wits + Primal-Urge (difficulty
7); the leap is counted as a Rage action, and does not
affect the attack dice pool. Any successes on the roll
ate subtracted from an opponent's successes to dodge
cr flee from the Talon, before the Talon's attack roll is
made. The Talon may then attack normally.

ABT: Maled yout Phycal Challeng so lin,

wuld you win or tie, spend a Rage Trait and make a
Maul Challenge (eet with Prima Ure), With
fafa) api pence ga a
Fae rire, Challange Westone haste par
suit) against yourfoe. Afterthenext challenge ismade,
the bonus Traits are lost.

*# Mother's Rage (Level Three) — A she-wolf is
most dangerous when protecting her cubs, and will
fight against enemies from which she would normally
flee if her family is at stake. The Red Talon with this
Gifts able to harness that Rage and use i in bate,

though onl; value. A

spend a Goons Trait and make a Mental Chal-
ge (retest with Stealth).

** Purify Meat (Level One) — While some Red

for Garou. a pie places, the land is 40 cor-

bear- or welt teaches this Gift
System: This Gift can only be used in defense of
something or someone else — Kinfolk, a wounded
packmate, a caem, et. Ifthe Red Talon is attacking a
fe, he may not activate Mothers Rage. To use this
Gif, the player spends two Rage points. The G:
enters Kind of Gena, but ray within the vicinity of
her charge. She will attack anything that gets too
close, within the usual guidelines of frenzy (ie. ifher
Rage is equal toor lower than her Gnosis, she will not

disgusting. With tis Git, aRed

Talon takes

dflesh. A water

ral teaches this Gift,
System: The player spends one Gnosis point. The
h Each

by ewo and she gains an extra dot of Strength. Addi-
tionally, she regains one Rage point each turn while
the Gift isin effect, making it impossible for her to run

of this Gift cleans approximately fifty pounds of

dl meat of any non-supernatural toxins.

MET: point and touch the meat
ou wane to cleanse. This Gift can cleanse al

dead meat — it is not an arm's-length Resist Toxin.

All of these benefits disappear when the Red Talon's
charge is out of danger or at the end of the scene,
whichever comes first.
MET: This Gift may only be used in defense of
someone or something of great value — a wounded
packmate, Kinfolk, cubs, a caern, or the like. Spend
two Rage Traits to activate this Gift. You then entera

+ Predator's Leap (Level Two) —
plfcan learn the secrets of jumping great dis-
the Red Talons haye ie the Eade to great

guidelines of frenzy, but you will only attack anything.
that gets too close to your charge. You take no wout

ct loying levelsand the
Gift the Talen's lap "racks" a moving target, Physical Traits Ferocious x 2. While this Gift is in
Tao ep wack" « movi elfect; youl Rage Trait at the endiof each
Chapter Three: Bones 65

Re"

.

4}


tum. The Gift' effects end when your charge is out of
nger or the scene ends, whichever comes first

* Territory (Level Four) —The Red Talon with

ft doesn't need to patrol his hunting gro

know what transpires there. With but a moment of

iy extend his senses toany area he

has marked. This Gifs taught by

To use this Gift, the Red Talon must first

A Talon

‘e a number of marked locations equal to his

Gnosis (and does not have to establish such a mark in

every place that he urinates). Thereafter, the playes

may roll Perception + Primal-Urge (diffi

extend the Talon's senses to that

reas with his own urine.

r
ty 7) to
location. Tinh ar
though standing in the:

acter can sense the area
place he rth when ba wacked esto oe inaly
Thescentn

rks last for one week per dot of Gnosis the

character possesses (for wilderness) or one day per dot
of Gnosis (for urban environments).

MET: First, mark your chosen areas (forthe sake c

ne environment and public health, don't actually use

ner own urine!); you may have as many marked

place that

ft. With the

locations as you have Gnosis, and not eve
your character urinated is part of this

areas marked, you can make a Mental Challenge
(retest with Primal-Urge) and extend your senses to a
spot in questic as though you
were physically present. The markings last for one
week per Gnosis (in the wilderness) ot one day per

allowing you to sense

Gnosis (in the city)

* Blessing of the First Pack (Level Five) — The
Reed Talons believe tha the very fit pak of Garou et
the star for th nd that only the Talons
retain a st ea encigh cn ction to that First Pack to

learn hs Gis the Talon tt havea est one oc
Ancestors. The Garoucalls upon her th other

rily transformed into the pinnacle
avatar of Wolf or a powerful Lut
ft, but neither does so often.

auspice and is tempc
of her moon-sign.
may teach this

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and
rolls Charisma + Ancestors (difficulty 8). If the roll
succeeds, the character becomes infused with the
essence of hera ice. For the remainder of the scene,
the character receives five dots of

tion to any she already possesses. She may also make

Red Talons


‘we of any auspice Gift for her particular auspice of
level 4 or lower. (Gifts taken from sources other than
Werewolf are subject to Storyteller approval.) In
addition, Blessing of the First Pack grants power based
con the character's auspice:

us
+3 to Stealth, +2 to Wits and Dexterity

aN
ont tiffe

‘The Fianna may cla that their ancestors were
the first to how! to Lufijorsome such nonsense,

spoken with wolf-sptitsand leamed secret howls that
carry devastating and powerful effects.
The following Gifts are€achitaught by wolf spirits or

Ragabash

Theurge  +3toEnigmas, +2colnteligenceandGnosis
Philodox  +3toRinuas i

Galliand _ +3toExpresion, +2toCharismaandSrength
Abcoun cle +2 to Strength and Rage

MET: ‘two Gnosis Traits and make a Static
Social Challenge (difficulty eight Traits, retest if you
tors). With success, for the rest of thescene,
‘you may be Gents to have Pure Breed x 5 (in

howl. Ifthe Red Taléittalso knows the Galland Gift: Call
of the Wyld, reduce Se citicacy ce

MET: - Gifts may be difficult ro ate if
you're playingin an area ~ king and
similar noises" ber —
Mindful of Od ‘Storyteller may deem it

‘xklition to any You may also
make use of any auspice Gift for your auspice at
Intermediate or Basic level (it's up to the Storyteller

whether you can use that nifty Children of Gaia or
Fianna Auspice Gift, though). Blessing of the First

Gift:
arene eager
possible to howl, then by all means do — it can add a
great deal to the atmosphere ofthe game. If you know
the Gift: Call of the Wyld, you receive a single retest
‘on the performance of the howl (the second results

—The Talon
howls, and no matter how far away, her pack hears het.
utsh

Pack also grants rent of your auspice:
2
Philodox Rituals x 3, Persuasive x 2, Tireless x 2
Galliand Expression x3, 2, Stahuart x 2
Abroun —Leadershipx:3, Froci Rage Traits

* Home in All Lands (Level Six)—Legendsamong_
the Red Talons state that the wolves with the greatest
‘onnection to the Progenitor Wolf were not bound by
distance

System: The player rolls Charisma + Primal-Urge
(dificuley 7). The "pack" in question might be the
Garou's literal pack, bonded by a totem, or any wolf to
whom the Red Talon is related. Each use of the Gift

Manipulat

were found. Th but

int li
might well lear to fade from one location and appear
de Unibia, poowied t

it: y wt
complicated than "warning" or "I need help." The

the Progenitor has been there before him. Only the
Progenitor Wolf himself teaches this Gift.

System: The playermust roll Gnosisas though her
character were stepping sideways. If successful, the
character may appear at any location on Earth where

MET: Make a Social Challenge (retest with Pri

mal Ure) Yourpack an be your tera pack, oe that

by a totem ora wolf that is related to you. A

tecond Social Challenge (ress with Expression) i

needed to convey more complex concepts. Only the
howl is intended for can hear it.

ves might y
sillexst) or any location that boasts Garou. She may

* Primal Howl (Level Two) — The howls of a

has previously visited. A Red Talon must have Pure
Breed 5 to lear this Git.

MET: You must first have Pure Breed x 5 to learn
this Gift, and only the Progenitor Wolf teaches it.
Make a challenge to step sideways. With success, you
‘may appear anywhere on Earth where wolves might be
found (whether they're still chere or not), or any place
that has a G:

approaching. This Gift allows a Red Talon to emit a
hhowl that evokes that same reaction in anyone that

can va it
The player rolls Stamina + Expression

(atte? oa the rol succeeds any beingthar whet
wst succeed in a Willpower roll

(ficaley , Ifthe Glare exsoclien ibe so me

ox back away (or fle). Wolves and
Sift. E

any Umbral Realm you have previously

pier olbeyolthe feclendensSinenl ‘voice" to

Chapter Three: Bones 67

<=

N

i"


WN

ee A A

the howl. Therefore, ifthe player rolls three successes to
activate this Gift, it sounds as thou 5
howling, not one. Each additional "wolf" adds one to
the difficuley of Willpower rolls to approach the Garou
cr stand one's ground ifthe Red Talon approaches (so
pproach the G hree-wolf" howl would
require a Willpower roll at difficulty 8).

MET: Make a Physical Challenge (retest with
Expression). With success, anyone that wishes to ap
proach you must succeed in a Willpower Challenge. If
you approach them, they must make the same chal-
lenge toremain,orthey muscback away ole Other
Garouand wolvesdonot suffer thise ending
sxkicial Prisca Tak fou cited siotae ee
to the howl; spending three would give you three
addition ‘Those who wish to approach you
must bid the same amount you spent in Willpower to
stand their ground or approach you.

* Howl of Hunger (Level Three) — Wolves
gorge themselves when they eat, especially during the
cold winter months, be ot be sure
when they will ind food. Most humans know nothing
of this kind of hunger, a they have their food handed
to them. The Garou with this Gift can weaken any
that hear her how! with crippling hunger.

1 player rolls Cl + Intimidation

(acy 72) fehl succeed anyone withineanot
of the werewolfs howl loses wo dice from any mental
tra physica de pools as thee bodes are wracked with
hunger pangs (the nay choose to spend aGnosis
point to leave the Red Talon' packmates unaffected),
This Gift only functions on crea feel physical
hhunger for food — vampires and other dead thing
unaffected, However, any Gi ted by this Gift
must immediately check for frenzy (although ev
is ijt tothe dee penalty ue to

akness). Frenzied werewc likely to feast on
doh San fas creo ab ov He,
much likehomid Garouin the Thrall of the Wyrm. The
effects of the Gift last for one scene.

MET: Make a Social Challenge (retest with In
timidation). With success, anyone in earshot suffers a

rat penalty on Mental and Piyscal Challenges
as they suffer hunger pangs (spend a Gnosis Trait to
shield your packmates from the effects). Only those
who know physical hunger for food are affected —
vampires, the walking dead, Risen and similarcreatures
donotsuffer. Any Garou struck by Howl of Huangermust
immediately test for frenzy, but he will continue to
suffer the penalty even if he frenzies, and will eat any
meat within his reach. The effects last for one scene.

* Howl of Death (Level Four) — A Talon
blessed with this Gift may infuse her howl with Rage

Garou in fre

68


es

|. Any

must be able to hear the howl. Only the in-
d target is affected by the Gift, though anyone
hears it

predator that ses the human, no matter how small or
normally afraid of humans, will ee that human asprey.
In most. but if

sl
yer rolls Charisma + Primal-Us

ge, which the target may soak if he is able. The

the human happens to own several large dogs, the
result could be deadly. Any spirit of a prey animal
teaches this Gift, sometimes under duress

‘System:

et),

Charisma +
If the roll ds

Sein. line ofsght and within earshot ofthe how, Make
4 Social Challenge (retest with Primal-Urge). Success
als two levels of lethal damage, hich se on

I th cio
targeted human attacks him immediately, even if the
animal is much too small to seriously injure, let alone eat
the hapless victim. This Giftonly functions on one human

msi ot howl is
fh h

‘supematural" humans uch,

® Shattering Howl (Level Five) — By using this
Gif, the Garou releases a how! with enough power to
deobject. Th

the Gift doesn't "take", The effects last for one day.
MET:SpendaGnosis Traitand make aStatic Social
Ch the Gi with Ani-

can splinter plastic, crack stone, and puncture rubber
dnd similar materials. The werewolf does not have any
Jover what she shatters with this Gift, however,

Willpower poineand

fl sharers depends on the number of succestes tlle.
a

mal Ken). With success, any camivorous animal (even

the most gentle, domesticated dog or cat) views the

targeted human as prey and attacks him immediately.

Taisen clyafectone human age aca tne and
affectsupematural" humans (ghouls or mages)

fates kinain, hedge sorcerers, mediums and those

whose supematurl contact is "on the surface" ae all

effect

successes rend solid steel. The character may use this

Gift on successive turns, but each use requires another

‘Willpower point and a new roll.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and a number of
On

* Snap Man's Chains (Level Three) — All Red
Talons feel disgust ar domesticated animals, both preda-
tor and prey. They hate prey animals that simply stand
around waiting tobe slaughtered, rather than being

ieshacters gl

three Traits bre fi
"Traits wll weaken steel. This Gift can ntepenes

Bhat cach we requlesanctiet Willpower Tralt
ent and more Rage spent.

For the Gifts listed below, the term "Camp" Gifts
PBtomenhac misleading. Red Talon "camps," with one

This Gift allows the oder to free Semeieated
animals from whatever enclosures hold d
6 iis HS tr Gal ides og tra on
their masters, farm animals smash through their gates
andrun. While the Red Talons have known this Giftfor
centuries, few learned it after the rise of cities, since so
few humans there kept animals. However, the Warders
ofthel Ai

exception, aren't so within
the tribe as a collection efile ein ialtveaale
in mind, any Red Talon can technically learn any
more commonly
ghe within the given "camps."

buttheydo

ny
animal-spiri can teach this Gift.

‘System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Manipulation + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8). The
‘number of uccessesindicates the area ofthe effect. One
success drives any animals ina small house feral. Three
affects all the animals in a small neighborhood or in a

3 le)

"ethical concerns with wiping the human race out.
‘often favor Gifts that allow them to work around
ms rather than ditectly against them.

* Mark of the Prey (Level Two) — Rather than
"take her vengeance directly on an offending human,

Five affects all of th ik

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Social
Challenge (Pees with Prin Urge). Sccess dees
any animals in the immediate vicinity (an apartment,
small house) feral. Spend additional Social Traits to

Chapter Three: Bones 69

Se"

NY

Lt az

hie


ef dam

aE

hi

‘With but a touch, the Talon can cause dead flesh to
a:

an apartment

the animals in a small
buildi Ht Traits will

Offering GalivA

affect every animal within a square mile no matter
where they are. The effects last for a week.
Lone of the Phedaer

The Predators Kings would like nothing better
than to see humanity wiped off the face of Gaia, once
and for all. They do not rely on Gifts to kill humans,
but as they recognize that simply rampaging through
cities killing humans is unwise (at least for now), they
eG papi ties ra

being discovered.
* Prey's Cry (Level One) — With this Gift, the

into an ambush. In years past, the Talons would use
this Gift to mimic the death-cry of a deer or a similar
animal, since many humans still hunted
In recent years, since most humans wouldn't
know how to kill a wounded animal if their lives
depended on it, the Talons use Prey's Cry to imitate
the call ofa favored pet or another human. A Raven-
spirit teaches this Gift.
System: The player rolls Wits + Expression. The

y
An animal's call, such as a dog whining in pain or a
rabbit's death-scream would only be difficulty 5. Imi-
tating a human cry is difficulty 7, while imitating
something more specific —"the voice of a young gir!"
or "a human soldier calling for help" would raise the
difficulty to 9. The Red Talon need not actually have
heard a human soldier before (for example), but ifhhe
uses this Gift successfully, nearby humans will hear a
soldier yelling for help.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with
Expression). Success allows you to imitate an animal's
call, such as a cat's cry, a dog whining or a rabbit in a
trap. By spending an additional Mental Trait, you can
imitate a human, and for two Mental Traits, you can.
imitate a specific kind of human (a child or a grown
man). To imitate a certain person's voice (such as
someone's child or spouse), you must have heard the
voice

* Offering of the Slain (Level Two) — Human
corpses are problematic. They don't burn well, the
Litany prohibits eating them, and if other humans find
them, they tend to get offended and search the area
thoroughly. Burying them isn't always an option be-
cause humans, being the curious little apes that they
are, may eventually dig up an area for whatever reason
and find the bodies. The Predator Kings certainly
aren't willing to stop killing humans just because

bi

well as some scavenger-spirits, can teach this Gift.
System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
ills Gr

other Wyrm-tainted beings are harder to dispose of and
raise the difficulty by one). For each success, the Garou

count as two). The werewolf may use this Gift multiple
but each

use requires another point of Gnosis and a new roll.
MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Gnosis
Challenge. With success, you may dispose of a single
hhuman-sized body. You may use this Gift multiple times
in a scene for numerous corpses, but each use requi
ihe Grass trace aslitcderclaleie Mee

d ther W hi

expenditures of Gnosis depending on their size.

The generic term for any Red Talon who sees
redeeming value in humanity is"Whelp." Such Talons
usually feel, however, that i is the more vicious Talons
who are deluding themselves. Humans are far too
numerous to ever destroy, and some of them do try to
aid wolves and live in harmony with Gaia. Surely those
humans should be spared — it would only be honor-
able aferallThe Whelp lear Ge hat other Red
' touch, some 0
Mery abit too eh of the Weaver for comfort.
Cub's Lesson (Level One) — Lupus Garou
often have difficulty when walking among humans,
‘even as part of a pack. Those few Red Talons that are
intrigued rather than enraged by human behavior
have even bigger problems, as they cannot expect
instruction from the tribe in human ways. This Gift
allows a lupus werewolf to lear from a mistake and
gain a better understand of human devices and cus-

enough) some ancestor-spirits teach this Gift.
System: This Gift, once learned, is always active.
Any time the player attempts roll using an Ability that

Ci di

‘one die. This does not replace the original roll, so any

‘consequences of failure must still be faced. Note that

since a character that has no dots in a Knowledge

cannot normally use that Knowledge at all, a character

with this Gift must use itto make such an attempratall
For example, Eyes-like-Hornets, a Red Talon
es ‘

disposing of their hence this Gift.

70 Red Talons

-

muy /d

SL:

MET:
Gift, then make a Mental Challenge (retest with Ritu-

Gi ll, adding a

5) to know if the human respects

spends a
die. This time, it succeeds. E
ta his fire arempx nee didn't go over as he'd

a
Spending additional Mental Traits (up to three) allows

et

it, oreven

e woman,
point of Gnosis for each attempt to do, as he cannot
artempe to use a Knowledge he doesn't have.

If the original roll is a botch, the player may still
JaG ue th

her behavior to live more in harmony with Gaia.

Dog Gils
_

dificulty increases by one.
Baa Tes spices lerind Any

time you cannot attempt a retest with an Ability
because you do not possess the Ability, spend a Gnosis

strengthened and healed by the pain and suffering of
hhuman beings. Of all the Red Talon "camps" they are
the only one that keeps its Gifts secret, and the only
one that acts like a true society within the eke

Two) — With this Gift,

Traits. If you
succeed, the original results are not negated, so
first-time flops must still be dealt with. Abilities such
as Academics, Linguistics, Occult, Science (anything
related to"book learning") must have the Gnosis Trait
spent and two Traits used in bidding before you can
‘even attempt the challenge.

* Judgment (Level Two) — The Red Talons of
Whelp's Compromise are willing to let the humans
who respect Gaia continue to exist, However, despite
what some of their tribemates might accuse them of,
they are not "soft" on transgressors against Her. With
thisGifr, the werewolf can judge ahuman according to
the laws of Gaia and decide if she is living in accor-
dance with the natural laws or not. A human who is
living well is left alone. A human who is not is shown
no mercy. A wolf-spirit teaches this Gift
System: The Garou must lock eyes with the hu-
‘man to use this Gift. The player rolls Perception +
Rituals (difficulty 7). With one success, the character
nly knows in the most black-and-white terms ifthe
human respects Gaia (which doesn't necessarily say
anything about her behavior). With three successes,
rou knows both the human's attitude toward
the natural world and how her behavior affects it
This ape doesn'

(Level
stouanteam mil babdord tereesia ren
immediately reap the energy thus released. Talons who.
overuse this Gift, however, often begin tosmell vaguely
‘of chamel to any werewolf using the Gift: Sense
Wyrm. A spirit of decay teaches this Gift. Banes are
also capable of teaching it, however, and only the
Dying Cubs themselves know which type of spirit
teaches it to the Red Talons most often.

sem: The Garou must injure an opponent and
spillits blood on the ground. The blood must touch the
Earth, not concrete or flooring. The player then rolls
Gnosis (difficulty of the local Gauntlet). For each
success, the Garou may regain a point of Gnosis or wo
points of Rage.
MET: Inflict damage and spill your opponent's
blood. The blood must touch the raw earth, not con-

‘gains you either a Gnosis Trait or two Rage Traits

Pain of the Land (Level Four) — The Dying

Cubs often take the fight to the Wyrm by waging bactle

inalready tainted locales. Thisoften weakensthe Garou,

ft evens the odds somewhat. Taught by an

earth elemental, Pain of the Land makes the werewolf
he

think about th , but

her children to enjoy it"): With five successes, the
characterknowsall ofthat and what she would have to
do tay get che human to live in accordance wth

land,

beitalandfill,afactory,or simply acity spursheronand
feeds her Rage every second of the batt

System: Once learned, this Gift is always active.

Il attack and dam-

Gaia. This can
the world is really being treated" or as elit as

age rolls decrease depending on the level of Wyrm-

y
isspiritually clean." Of course, ifthe Red Talon decides

such difficulties by one, whereas fighting in a Black
Spiral Hi

‘ome naturally, she might very well just remove the
hhuman from the world al and concentrate on
those that are a bit more receptive to learning.

Note that this Gift does not decrease soak difficulties,
nor does it aid in using Gifts not directly related to
attack or damage (so while the Ahroun Gift: Falling

Chapter Three: Bones a

we"

N

ale
TI

a


AS 7 hammers

Cz

Dice

Touch would receive the benefit, the Philodox Gift:
‘Weak Arm would not).
‘MET: Once leamed, this Gift is considered to be
D

within reach, excluding her own packmates (regard-

less of her comparative Rage and Gnosis scores).
MET: Spend two Rage Traits and make a frenzy test

I frenay is succesful, the Gift activates and the Garou

Beaiiws Testss baned on thie level W ght guns Brawny x2 ane
inacity Hi Id a ide obj feces
receive three bonus Traits. Th jlicable only to thr The Gi

to attacking or inflicting damage on an opponent.

Not a "camp" even in a loose sense, the Winter
Packs are ol emght Gif that nose Garou — even
. The W:

the Garou attacks whatever's in reach, except for
ket

mates, regardless of her Rage and Gnosis scores.

he

The Red Talons use rites just as much as other
tribes do. Th rites just tend to be

val
nthe not to reveal these Gifts to other tribes.

* Silence the Slain (Level One) — Perhaps the
most disturbing Gift the Red Talons as a tribe have
access to, Silence the Slain allows a Garou to cut a
victim off from any means of help by rendering him.

Apain-spirit
better to enjoy the agony of being hunted down got
potential aid stands deafly by.

somewhat simpler. Where a Silver Fang ritual might
nd

mie Talon very
items
. some elaborate howls. This doesn't mean the
Talons have anything less invested in their rites in
ir prac

ei gite might requireonly

System: see the Gi de
ift.

terms of emotion or reverence, merely
ir those of the more]
‘tribes ‘ular, sai Talons will rarel

Gnosis point and rolls Charisma + Intimidation (diff-
culty of the target's Willpower). Ifthe roll sueceeds, the
target is unable to make sound for one scene. The target
cannot speak, and cannot make sound by touching an
object. However, the pain-spirit teaching this Gift be-
comes offended if the werewolf attempts to use Silence
the Slain asa"silencer" for anally often cursing the Red
Talon by removing her ability to howl for a time.
MET:

a
tent smacks too — behavior to them,
Most of the rites listed here are only used in all
Talon sent and are ret from the other tribes,
't bet

Hei on ‘ them from the other tribes. They
simply fee! that these rites aren't anyone else's busi-
ness. Other tribes, for their part, would probably be

Talonsh 1

"1 Is, given their primal bent. Necessity,

must see you in order for you to activate this Gift. Spend a
G 5

arget's Willpower). With success the target cannot make
a sound for one scene, whether by speaking, clapping her

however, is indeed the mother of invention.

(Accord,
te of the Winker Fak

knocking on a
«Rampage (Level Two) —No Winer Garouhave
yet leaned this Gift, and only the older Red Talons who
had a hand in the Winter Couneil know it. This Gift,

fend

pa eeitactacll sohbet oii
reach. A wolverine-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends two Rage points and

Level Three

Th ly Winter Pack
— a pack of five young Red Talons, one of each
auspice, specially trained to kill humans and bring
chaos and devastation to the scabs — is formed.
Currently, only one such pack exists, but no one can
say for certain how many Talon septs house Winter

y waiting
they launch their bloody mission.
Th

check for frenzy. If the G: the Gift

activates and the werewolf gains three extra dice on
any Strength roll to break, throw, crush, or lift inani-
mate objects. These dice cannot be used for direct
damage to an opponent. The effects of the Gift last for

first night of the new moon, away from the heart of the
‘caer. Other members of the sept may watch from the.
bash,

‘command, each of the cubs in tum states her name and

72

Red Talons

Wy


NN

Seen

The ling down AU, oman
HessingsfromGaia the pack'storemandRorg,theMany- Level Two

Taloned Hunter upon the Winter Pack. The Pack must i
ag aevcmentandaik, __. While Red Talons do not normally have any truck

‘System: The ritemaster vee the aforementioned

with the restless souls of dead humans, they do manage to
create a fair numberof ghosts. Human ghosts are capable
cof doing a great deal ofharm to a Red Talon sept, should
they puctheir vengeful mindstoit. Leading enemiesto the
heart of the caem, frightening prey animals away from
hunting Red Talons, and generally disrupting the har-

0. Winter

ties. TheRed
iders,

I they complete a) Tun been en, hey ach pls
and three temporary H
BR sie de devscsneey d pated a

or forbid a human ghost from entering the bawn of acaem.
Performing the Warding the Lingering Human rite
requires the ritemaster to have a piece of the human's

the

Blast Go haa the cl a socomliahed,

This ie, a rite that the Talons don't mind teach-
ing to ther tribes, is commonly performed by a Red

. the rite work
tively). The ear tes ond iad oe fl
with his back tothe caern and snarl, how! and bristle at
the object. After a few moments, the Talon grabs the
object in his teeth and shakes it until it falls to pieces.
‘The ghost is thereafter forbidden to enter the bawn of
the caer without expending a great deal of energy.
System: The Talon must perform the rite as de-
scribed above. The player rolls Manipulation + Ritu-
als, The difficulty is usually equal to the ghost's Will-
ifthe Tal

Talon Galliard wh The sept
host in the rite, th the roll
The Talons ech
telieve in facing Siar difcalesalaialy andi is without spending one point of Willpower for each
‘considered proper to allow the ritemaster to finish success the player achieved on the roll each day (so if

tefore the next phase of the rite begins.
‘When the ritemaster finishes his howl, the other
Garou begin their own cries. The Talons howl of hope

the player rolls three successes, the ghost must spend
three Willpower for each day she wishes to remain
within the bawn). Note that this rite has no effect on

themost hope to offer. Asthe howls continue, othersjoin

in,until eventually the entre sept stands together, howl-
ing their defiance to the sky, thei spirits rekindled.
te The layer lls Charisma Rial (-

y other kind of spirit.
: The Talon performs the rte, then makes a
Static Social Challenge (difficulty of the wraith's Will-
power, but this is reduced by two if the ritemaster uses
something importanttothe ghost, such asa Fetter). With

Be oxher Tolera aka cp the ov, and ire

Willpower Ifthe
toll isa botch,

ing a Willpower (or eo ifa Fetter or something impor-

Ri

‘ite, and everyone present incorpo
ee stra cece

Make a Social Challenge ahaa with oH
Berit occ athe Toca tuys handed
all Garou present regain.a Willpower Trait. If the
tematerlosethe challenge make two Simple Tess.
Hfone test is lost, thi ‘both

Niythle Rifat
Pte of Feeding the Lard

Level Two

The rite is the province of the Dying Cubs camp. It
allows the Garou to use the pain of a dying human (or

tests are lost, no one feels hopeful enough to es up
therite, and everyone present loses a Willpower Trait,
plus the ritemaster loses a Wisdom Renown.

Dying
ones say where they learned this rite; every sept
that knows it seems to have leamed it from a visiting
Talon, but no one can trace the rite back to its origin.

Chapter Three: Bones 23

wee

\

7) jp

PSP


=a)

¥

A

The ritemaster and any other Garou that partici-
pate bind and torture the victim for as long as they
wish. The longer the victim remains alive and in pain,
the more potent the rite. The Garou may we any

the

He Land with Palo
AAs the reader has likely guessed, the Rite of
Feeding the Land is probably not Gaian in origin.

means of heal

fhe macy to prolong is mary are the victim
f di (if th

area i: cleansed ‘superficially, but if the: Wort

victim is ever ‘aly Ih he ie al) hen the
vietin can bear no more and finally expires, the ite
master spills the victim's blood o

replenish the land. Woym-taine is burned away and
even the touch of the Weaver

ians in the area will ignore the attackers. The exact
orgs ofthe Rite of Feeding the Land and wit
manifestation of the Wyrm, ifany, is responsi
itaswellastowhatdegreetheDyi tgasareer
corrupted, are

System: Any characters involved in this rite lose
‘one point of temporary Honor for torturing a helpless
victim (the Dying Cubs usually don'tcare). Any player
whose character participates in the torture of the
victim must roll Wits + Intimidation at a difficulty of
the victim's Willpower in an extended, resisted test
against the victim's Willpower (difficulty 8). Each

Note that "not at all" a
Gaiais justas often cruel as she is kind. The bodies of
those unjustly shin eed che ground a wll sue

the
land. Again, this is left to the Storyteller's discretion.

does, the victim loses a eemporary Willpower point. If

‘more successes, the victim does not lose Willpower.
The Storyteller must decide based on what kind of
torture is being employed how often the victim takes
damage. The torturers can keep building the rite until
the victim runs out of Willpower and health levels.

Be of
Level Three
Similar to the Rite of Weeping for a Vision (se

Talon to ask Gaia for a glimpse of things to come.
Talons ofall auspices learn this rite, but the Theurges

from the victim (i... said victim runs out of Willpower
and/or dies) the ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals (diffi
culty 7).Fora20-foot radius per point of Willpower and

TheRed
bedisturbed.

of Wyrm-taint (as if the Rite of Cleansing had bee
performed). Also, the Gauntletin thatareadrops by two
(to no lower than three) for one full month.

MET: Torturing a helpless victim means the loss of a

if they're found out by other Garou). Torture involves
making a Static Mental Challenge against the victim's
Willpower (retest with Intimidation) to break his spirit,

tel
the particular tortures used. The rite can build until the
victim runs out of Willpower and health levels. When the
(rent

dies), the ritemaster makes rites challenge.
Succes means that a 2000 ads pez Willpower Trait
and health level taken from the victim cleanses the area
of Wyrm-taint, and reduces the area Gauntlet rating by
two (to no lower than 3) for one month.

Asperthe sidebar, the iteisalmost certainly not Gaian,

will ignore subsequent attacks by Wyrm-creatues.

74

Red Talons

‘mind to unfocus and waits forthe vision from Gai.
"The vision thus ranted may be helpful and might well
grant the Red Talon some insight into an immediate pro
lem. However, Red Talon "history" is fraught with tales of
da

War of Rage, the War of Tear, and battles that might or
might not be the Apocalypse itself — and simply havent
Master of the Rite at a Red Talon caem knows the Rite of
Pphesy bu noctil

bear.

‘System: The player rolls Willpower (difficulty 7) to
focus the character's attention, and then rolls Wits +

that the more Pure Breed the character possesses, the

he Ge k

MET: Make a Willpower Challenge to focus at-
tention, then make a Mental Challenge (retest with
Rituals). The resulting vision is up to the Storyteller

Wi

Red Talon lore holds that since the tribe never
received a vote on the Litany's tenets, they are not
‘bound by them. While the tribe follows the Litany for
the inst

aN

Red Talons, the Septof the First Rage (see the Appen-
dix). Gaia'sRebirthallowsthe ritemastertosacrificeher
own Gnosis, and, if necessary, her own life to reclaim
Gaia's pure form from human defilement. The form of
such corruption does not matter — the rite would work
just as well destroying a path through a state park as i

the Litany in order to follow her calling as a true

hhave devised a means to remove the stigma from her.

‘Theend result
isthe same: The land returns to the state it would be in.

ith moss, although any organic matter
)

Sept leaders feel that another tribe has unjustly sub-
jected a Talon toa Punishment ite (such as Ostracism,
‘Voice ofthe Jackal, or Stone of Scom). The Rite of False
-e cannot disrupt a rite that also confers a death
sentence, such as The Hunt or Gaia's Vengeful Teeth,
{though the tribe may physically protecta Talon whom

normal rate.
Performing this rte is complex. It requires a precise
sense of timing, and the ritemaster must be guided by
nothing but instinct. Ifshe begins the rite even one minute
too early o too late, the rite will fail, but the energies
released may well destroy her. Gaia's Rebirth can only be

they feel sentence).

thenight before the start ofthe Ragabash cycle. The climax.

moon. The ritemaster calls the punished Garou
sate her and aks her to describe in what capacity she

of the sun, and the rite must be performed at the site to be
purified (meaning a Red Talon cannot perform the rite

Bee i wire for do epg te om
she

ment Rite that she currently suffers from and is usually
{granted measure of Renown for her honesty and bravery.
tem: The ritemaster hears the supplicant's

Lat Tht a Bb

So, what' to stop a player from building a Red
Talon character with 5 dots of Rituals, a lot of
Ancestors and Pure Breed, and Gnosis 10, and
performing this rite in, say, downtown Detroit?

Well, the Storyteller, for starters.

The Rite of Gaia's Rebirth is meant to be a
world-altering phenomenon. Currently, only one
Garouin theenteworldknowstherite,and he is very
leaning of

red. If the ritemaster feels the Talon. en
wrongly judged, the player rolls Wits + Rituals (diffi-
ty of the level ‘which

the target currently suffers + 5). Success cancels the
tial effects (such asthe altered voice granted by

the rte' existence should take several stories, and
learning it surely enough to use it might take an
i

Voice of the Jackal)
Riss ics on the supplicant. Any Renown retin
bursement or award is up to the Storyteller.

MET: After the ritemaster hears the supplicant, she
mayeitherdecide thatthe punishment isappropriate (

ment should meet all sors of opposition, from ser-
vants of the Wyrm and the Weaver to other Garou
(the Glass Walkers mightnottake kindly toan entire
city being destroyed), to vampires, to any other

she may' lor has been
misjudged and make a Static Mental Challenge (the
$5, Success

tion. The would-be ritemaster herself should con-
whether or

Punishment Rite. The spirits are likely to be particular
regarding whobenefitsfrom thisrite, and some crimesmay
reconsidered too heinous to be pardoned in this fashion,
Rite of Gata Rebicth

Level Five

worth the short-term satisfaction of the devastation

itwould cause. And above all, the Storyteller should

consider how disruptive it would be toher chronicle.

Again,asaclimaxtoalong-runningchronicle,

successful use of this rite would be superb. As a

casual manner to cause some chaos, we don't
cl

rediscovered and is currently known only to one sept of.

without any rites at all.

Chapter Three: Bones 25

2 aed

i)

hiya


Theriterequiresaspecial moot, attended by no fewer
3arou (the ritemaster plus one werewolf of each
moot begins with howls toany totem spirits
in the area (a caern totem, ifthe rite is performed at a
caer, the totems of any packs present, and the tribe

totems of all Garou present) in addition to an elabora
howl to Gaia Herself. The ritemaster must walk or run in
a circle around the center of the area to be cleansed,
waken the spirits of the land to
gives of herself — this can be physical, in
ase she bleeds onto ground, or spiritual, in which
case she simply howls and gives up part of her own spirit.
Ineither case, ifthe rte is performed correctly, the plant
kes any human "develop-

tue order.
first roll Perception +
Irge (difficulty 9) to be sure of the correct
timing for the rite. Thi want to make
this rll in secret, so that the player does not know the
results. Ifthe roll succee

to start the rite so that the end coincides with the
nd sun properly. Ifthe roll fails, the character
ind must wait ull month before attempting
cter is sure
of the timing, but has actualy miscalculated. She will
automatically fail at performing the rite (see below).

ryteller m:

The character must

At the moot's climax, the

(feley 9,07 ifthe character has both the Pure Breed

znd Ancestors Backgrounds at 2 or higher) ftheroll al,

rahe characte receives thre healthleveb

damage. These appear as teardrop'

nile the "Tears of

commonly suffered by attempt the Rite of

Gaem Bulli. If the rolls boech the characte les
inaasdescribed below, buttheritestil fils.

wounds on her body,

If the roll succeeds, however, the player must decide

how much land to reclaim from human corruption. For
each dot of Stamina or two dots of Gnosis the characteris
willing to expend, roughly one square acre of land reverts
tothe state it would bein had humans never developedit
all at. This rite does not destroy any materials — thats,
buildings and vehicles do not simply disappear — but the
plant growth will quickly crush and cover any human
structures. Living things within the area of effect are not
affected (except that they may find themselves trappedin
buildings or carried to the tops of very large trees). The
Gnosis or Stamina spent on this rite is considered perma
rently gone unless bought up again with experien«
MET: First, the ritemaster must determine the proper
time for the rite by making a Static Mental Challenge

Red Talons


Ww

aN.

{against nine Traits, retest with Primal-Uige), Success gives
gh ke two

finds himself unable to access his wolf-heart, even in.
Lupus form.

Sieple Tests. L t ight of time, but the Tal ly consider i too cruel to
Re niga
‘Losing both tests means the results appear to indicate now ‘Systems Roll Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 7). If
isthe right time, bur the ritemaster has infact miscalcu- the rite succeeds, the accused does not gain Perception
ated. Of which bonuses while in L Crinos dis
is ‘Storyteller to hell he
therite lasts. On h
At the rites conclusion, the ritemaster makes a Static iikngolo aloe
Mental Challenge (against nine Traits Traits if punish
ps Th

L

the ritual automaticaly fails, and she suffers three aggra-
Ith levels of d Gd

Juilding. Ifthe

i
this rite should do her best to roleplay this experience.
f

‘of Gaia" sit
in the rite, she

she feels player is atime of it
MET:

With success,
‘Urge

‘one square acre of land will revert to its orginal wild state
asifhumans had never touched it. Nothing is destroyed or
Bl bac the plan growth onus enough mo overake
lings and cars. Any Stamina or Gnosis sacrificed is
Bt ul boght ip with experience.

iat

Rite of the Human Mod

Level Four

The Red Talons don't employ a wide variety of
Punishment Rites. A serious offense usually merits a
sentence of ostracism from the sept (or from the tribe,
in extreme cases) or death, However, sometimes an
‘offender must be disciplined severely but left alive and
intact. On these occasions, Ssh Talons employed the
feared Rite of the Human

All Red Talons — indeed, Brett ied both a

Talk

related bonus Traits in Lupus, Hispo or Crinos. During
Willpower Challenges, he suffers a three-Trait penalty.
Even in Lupus form, he must think lke a human.

Kiba Gedy

The African hunting dogs are not true wolves, but
are the closet thing that Africa has to them. Some
years ago, the Red Talons took up the challenge of
breeding with the animals and helping them to sur-
vive. They have succeeded, at least in part.

ing habitat also endangers these predators. However,
the Red Talons protect these new Kin as fiercely as,
they do any European or American wolf.

Len

while the

lf Lupus fo

While wolf packs

‘ARed Talon who

HL to track and sak thei prey,

(asi often the case), might be subject to this rite. Any
incompetence or faulty logic that the elders believe to
i abl

will hunt under cover, ey hunting oe can ye
their prey, relying on mph for more

peakpc ii "They dont Aight over

Rite of the Human Mind being employed.
To perform this rite, the ritemaster must assume

toeeat first. They are very affectionate toward each other,
and although they have a hierarchy, it isn't as firmly

Homi form, as must the accused.
the accused by his name in whatever human tongue is

‘established (or atk
Red Talons descended from African hunting dogs

indersion.. bu + Atri form, add
hishowL-name. When the howls die down, the accused
Chapter Three: Bones 7

a

a


wh ff dammore

Cz

rales

WN

* Senses: Perception rolls based on scent only
yecevens Bootle dat 2.Rolls based

and Swara Bastet or the Ajaba), but only if the Fera has
given consent; to mark is the same.
*Ch 1 he Ah

sate Breed: NoKucha Ekundu may havea Pure
Breed score higher than three.

MET: KuchaEkundu descended Red Talonshave
the following adjustments. They gain Quick x 3 in
Lupus form, but no Strength-related bonuses, and a
bonus Physical Trait when in pursuit. They gain a
bonus Mental Trait during Perception-related scent

Mental Traits during sight-related challenges. They
may never have Pure Breed higher than three

The Kuch: the same

Gi
ee As per the Ahroun Gift. See Laws of the

cae (Level Five) — When the Red Talons first
the

mighty werecrocodiles agreed that if the Garou could

in Africa without making war on the other Fera, they
could stay. The Red Talons have (thusar) made goodon

been rewarded with this Gift. The werewolf may call

‘The spirits of the Dragon Kings teach this Gift.

well, due to their different environment.
* Speed of Thought (Level One) —Asthe Silent
Strider Gift.
MET: As per the Silent Strider Gift. See Laws of
Wild.

© Feed the Pack (Level Two) — Useful during
droughts and other times of want, this Gift allows the
werewolf to "eat for the pack." Any food the Kucha

as well. The spirit of a hunting dog teaches this Gift.
System: The player simply spends a Gnosis point
h drollsG

‘System: The pl
rolls Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 7). If the roll.
succeeds, the Garou receives aid within one turn, be it
from a local clutch ¢ or ey the Cet who witnessed
\d the:

The eee has i final 2 ‘over exactly what

rampaging ees aaziving to fighc wit the

Sebo give the Garou advice.

Spend two Gnosis and make a Social Chal-
lenge (retest with Rituals). With success, you receive aid
within one tum, from either a local clutch or spirits that

for packmates, 7 for Kinfolk). For each success, what-
ever the character eats also nourishes another being.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Gnosis
Challenge. With sucess, whatever you eat nourishes
one other being.

* Predator's Many Eyes (Level Three) —
African savanna holds predators of various stripes:
Lions, cheetahs, hyenas and many others. The Kucha
Ekundu do noe regard themselves as "Lords of the
Savannah," especially with the Ahadi in place, but do
wish to do their job as Garou. This Gift facilitates that
job, allowing the werewolf to "mark" a predator and
thereafter look through its eyes.

System: As the Red Talon Gift: Territory. Obvi-
ously,

‘The Storyteller determines what form the aid takes.
For more information on the Mokolé-mbembe,
see Mokolé (MET: Changing Breeds Book 2).

Norhts and Ffart

The following Merits and Flaws are suitable for
Red Talon characters, and may (at the Storyteller's
hi i

Remember that all Merits and Flaws are optional.
Howl Ancattor (2 pp Mart)

The character must have at least one dot in the
Ancestors Background to purchase this Merit.
where in the far-flung mists of the past, you have a

tourinate on the animal it wishes to mark. The player
must merely roll Charisma + Animal Ken (difficulty 7)
to mark the predator. Using this Gift on other Fera is
possible but requires the Fera's consent. In all o
respects, this Gift functions as Territory.

MET: As the Gift: Teritory (above). The Gift does
not requite the urine markings as per Territory, only a
Social Challenge (retest with Animal Ken) to mark the
animal. This Gift may be used on Fera (such as the Simba

bred with a wolf that was Kin to the Red Talons,
pethaps a more recent relative was actually born to
another tribe. Either way, you have a slightly better
grip on human thought than most lupus. Reduce the

by one, and the difficulties of using Ancestors toaccess
Abilities such as Crafts, Melee, Etiquette, and Politics
likewise drop by one (Firearms and Computers are
probably still off-limits). On the minus side, if word of

78 Red Talons

yy

your lineage gets out, you might lose some temporary
Honor depending on what kind of sept you live in
Winter Garou (9 ph Maréf)

Youhave been chosen as one of the Winter Garou

s you are a member of an all-Red Talon pack, you

ate probably a spy and instigator for your tribe, and are
acting under orders from a superior. In game terms, you
effectively have Mentor 3, and can expect favors from
Jour tribe (including having the Rite of False Juste
above, performed for you if necessary). You may
lear Winter Pack Gifts, and receive extra
from your tribe for your efforts.

However, you are expected to kill humans at any
‘opportunity, and the only excuse that the tribe will
‘ace or alin todo so that your pack was watching

Council
e common knowledge in the Garou Nation,

Human Attention (yf ph Flan)

pe tes yng win

Flaw assumes

jos were sen in a place you Requen (lke

the edge ofa sept) and ca
‘one point, word ¢

‘just avoid from now on. For
‘wolves in our forest" has leaked
ative attention, although scien
release your Kin (which will
lead to other problems anyway), For thre
locals take offense tolupine inf
and have started carrying rifles

uur true nature
powerful vamp

Jofemt

The Red Talor
though other tribes some

a Tocal group of imbued, 4
(ora Pentex branch,

or the following totems, a:
Note that Raven and Sphinx take on rather diferent
faces when serving as Re
present to other tribe

Totem of Comming

ted Talon totems than they

Pho

Background Cost: 6
Sphinx is typically regarded as a gamester and an
jigmatic spirit. Old colar however, paint her as a

Chapter Three: Bones 79

RET EE EE TERETE


WAS Gummorn

>).

\

vicious predator and just lately she has been getting
L

surprise their fellows with their martial prowess and
their clever tactics.
Traits: A predominantly lupus pack that follows

Topems of War
Seater

Background Cost: 7
A strong hunter and powerful digger, Badger isn'ta
very pleased

The pack may also draw on Enigmas 2 and 5 points of
Willpower per story.
in: Sphinx periodically provides her pack with
challenges, often in the form of riddles or tests of
i

Sellscize: ay

continues her patronage, If not, she withdraws (or

hi nd

don't charge directly into the fray but search for their
‘opponents' weakness and exploit them. If comered,
Badger is capable of terrifying rage — to his mind, itis
better to be injured in battle than killed in captivity.

Traits: Packs that follow Badger may cll upon
Stealth 2

attacks, ifthe pack really botched th
MET; Sphinx' children may draw on Erignas x2
and five Willpower Traits per story Predominantly lupus

Sphinx tes her packs eer 1 often: if not even one

(or even attacks ihe [eis phpahanipg
OW Noff of the Woot

Background Cost: 6

Asmentinedin Chapter Tw, the Old Wolff the

the days when all Garou looked to him as their al
father, and resents the growing number of homi
mets werewolves as compared to the dwindling ae
Old Wolfofthe

the pack gains one: dee Suinn The pack may draw
‘on 5 points of Rage per story.

Ban: Followers of Badger may not make their
homes in pre-constructed dwellings, but must either
sleep in the wild or build their own home

MET: Badger's children gain Stealth x 2 and the
Gift: Burrow (as the Metis Gift; see Laws of the Wild),
They also gain the Trait Tireless. The pack may draw
‘on five Rage Traits per story.

Background Cost: 6

Wolverine, like Badger, is a mighty combatant
and an unquenchable font of Rage. However, he's
anything but subtle. Packs who follow Wolverine are

will only exist so long as wolves roam the face of Gaia
‘When the last wolf lls, the totem will cease to be

Traits: Each pack sees gains three points of
asthe pack totem, and Ral Tsoi cuca packs
with great respect. Old Wolf also grants his pack the
ability to call on his knowled

expected to kill thet foes mercilessly, and to protect
‘each homes with their
Rage they can muster.

Traits Wolverine an he children a permanent
point of Stamina to make them harder to fell in tail
Asoshe racer chensvanchom Rage filed

eos Chikren of Wolverine therefore wil eve

call upon Ancestors 5 ecko ee boxy notsccen
the Abilities that are restricted to 1s. Fi-
nally, werewolves who follow Old wa ery the Woods

ties related to piercing the Gauntlet by one.

Old Wolf of the Woods doesn't hate homid

ormetis Garou, but will never accept them as children.
Only lupus Garou may follow Old Wolf as a totem.

MET: Old Wolf' children gain three temporary

ndRed

— ail to ea them wih et reget Each
zack member may call on Ancestors x 5 once per story,
Sawing on Old Wolfs knowledge: Old Wolfs children

‘Old Wolf never accepts homid or metis Garouaschildren.

80

his children
live long enough to reach sufficient er te might alo
-ach them the Gift: Mother's Rage (see above).
Ban: Wolverine's children must always spend
Rage in combat and never show mercy to theie foes.
MET: Wolverine's children gain the Trait Rugged
and a Rage Trait that can never be spent ot lost. At
sufficient rank, they may learn Mother's Rage.
must always spend Rage in combat and never show
mercy to a foe.

Totem of Wiedom
Wi Raven

Background Cost: 6
A scavenger and a trickster, Raven follows wolf
packs to feast on their leavings, and shows his primal,

Red Talons

7

ey


nals ceo the Red Talon inthe dep woods
low the aps venlon' of Raven ae
Se de tac Raven ified incarnation

ee:

light. When the fetish is activated, brambles, thorn
bushes, poison ivy, and all manner of unpleasant or

provides money to other Garou.
_ Traits: Raven is delicate but nimble — he knows

rea. The more activation successes the player
rolls, the larger an area is blocked. The blockage

"out of harm's way. Each of his children adds one dot of
Wits and can call upon Dodge 2. Packs who follow
i ‘Wisdom him

until the Red Talon willingly ee activates the fetish;
the Talon can remove the branch from the path
ems

as their totem.

Ban: Raven asks that Garou who follow him
always leave part ofa carcass behind for im to feast on.
He's partial to eyes.

MET: Raven's children gain the Trait Clever, and
two levels of wven's packs also gain a tempo-
tary Wisdom on choosing him as their totem. Raven
asks thar his children always leave part of a carcass

ind for him, especially the eyes.

Home of Power

Red Talons don't fashion fetishes often. When
they do feel the need to craft fetishes, they are Ley

simple affairs meant to augment the Red Tal
tapabliies. ‘or allow her to accomplish something | ike
couldn't on her own. As previously stated, Red Talons
rarely craft weapon fetishes.

Some examples of Red Talon fetishes and talens
are listed below.

72

ee 2, Gnosis 6

MET: Activation causes all kinds of nasty ot
poisonous plants to spring upin five foot-square area
The plants remain until tom down or the fetish is
deactivated. The branch can be removed without
disrupting the growth.

Sear Fitter

Scars are permanent, cannot be stolen, and easily
portable, making them perfect for Red Talons.
ever, they are also very difficult to create, so even
among the wolf tribe, they aren't terribly common.

A scar fetish iscreated when aspirit is bound into
a ritual scar on a werewol' body. The scat in ques-
tion is sometimes inflicted deliberately in the shape
of an appropriate glyph, but more often a werewolf
who suffers a battle scar will receive a scat fetish as
recognition for his sacifice. Some examples of scar
fetishes include:

Canoleg Fitth
Level 1, Gnosis 5
the spirit of raccoon orequally cleverlttle
beast, this fetish allows the player to add activation
successes to her characters Enigmas for the scene

ually bound into a small pi
the Outs Vigor fetish allows the user to call upon the
seemingly boundless energy of a young pup.
I aioe, ch caracer lo nencdanly reese

the rest of the scene

Srifp Fett

rae 2, Gnosis 6

fod If the seivaton rll gamer three or sore
successes, the player may also choose to regain a point
oftemporary W Willpower ‘or heal one bashing or lethal

fei ate cmintenee he Soci
running speed doubles for one scene (s0 four successes

health level. Thi

: With activation, you can function for eight
hhours without sleep oF food. You may also choose to
either regain a temporary Willpower or heal a bashing
or lethal health level. This fetish may only be used

Level 4, Gnosis 8

‘The Talon binds the spirit ofathicketorabramble
into a large, dead branch. The branch is then placed
‘over a path or somewhere that the undergrowth is

MET: Activation doubles the character'srunning
speed.
Nigbt Fatih

Level 3, Gnosis 7

The spirit ofa strong animal, such as a moose or a
bear, is bound into the sear. The player may activate
the fetish and add the activation successes to the
character's Athletics for one scene.

MET: Activation grants two levels of Athletics
for the rest of the scene.

Chapter Three: Bones 81

Qe"

NN

7) pa

—L—


Noe

=~

om A SSL
Talent

The Rite of Binding allows the Talons to adapt
for long. The tribe ther
Ganting Sand

Gnosis 5

t
it

fore makes more frequent

Used primarily by Talons who Ii
enemies' skulls as trophies, the Cleansing Sand is cre

to keep their

ated by binding ant spirits into a small quantity of sand.
The sand
strip the flesh cleaning, leavin
igh to clean a human-sized

then poured over a corpse. The ant-spirits
dry bone behind. One
skull

sand i e
ing Root

Gnosis 6

Even the Garou can be poisoned, and the Red
Talons don't commonly know a Gift to counter such
attacks. However, by binding a snake spirit toa root,

‘ed Talon can create a talen that, when chewed,

climinates any natural poison in her body. It is also
possible tochew the root abit toactivate it, and then

give it to a Kin wolf that has been poisoned.

Roliphayhng a Red Talon

Taking on the challenge of a lupus character can
be daunting by itself, but playing a Red Talon is even
more so. A lupus of any other tribe, after all, might

have leamed some human mannerisms from her
h
hum
Even if humans have done some pretty stupid things
to the world, there's h

The Red Talons do not see it that way. They
have never humans and they fee! that this
fact gives them a purity that the other tribes do not

dtribemates. Likewise, she knowsthat she ispart
n and can see human Kinfolk in her own tribe.

pe just because of those Kin.

have. The Red Talons breed very few metis, and only
a bare handful of those are raised as Talons rather
The tribe as the Garou
to exist ifa homid Red

than given to another t
Nation knows it would cea
Talon were ever excepted, because the defining
principle of the tribe is that it has no human blood.

Sowhat does that mean tothe player? Itmeans that
a Red Talon is a wolf, and then a werewolf, and never
a human. Human beings see the world as ours. We can
do anything, given enough time to figure it out. There
is no such thing as an insurmountable obstacle, and
most humans "know" that we are meant to rule the
world by either divine edict or by right of our superior
minds. We might be destroying the environment, but
andnevermind the rest
tutes for anything we

wewillfindaway
of the planet. W

82

PY


tN

fave intrinsic vale either a ‘occur to us, either

‘* Homidform. don't
like taking this form, and it has very little to do with "This

on ation ey eat bars leks value hey

not natural."
friends, you had to wear dark glasses that restricted your
fh

tind
‘Humans are important. Humans are special. The rest of

d
1 sock over your tongue so you couldn't taste anything

they relate to humans.
The Red Talons just don't see it that way.

and that's why they avoid it when at all possible.
+ Body language. Wolves have a language, but it

ey care
deeply about humans. They hate us with a passion that
n't

isn'tentitely
than sound, and Red Talons have trouble adjusting to
language. Until they learn how human,

see a soul in a human being, just as a human being
doesn't see a soul in an animal. They don't feel the

language works, they focus more on the human's posi-
tion and tone of voice. A human (orhomid Garou) who

not because they are cruel or because such emotions

drops its aan looks hurt. Tiss because the lps

n't y , y
that we deserve it. We would do the same to them,
given halfa chance. We've been doing it for centuries.

hears the yell, not
a human smiles, the lupus sees bared th eta
sign of aggression. Do a little research on how wolves

Playing a Red Tal journey y

ity, but this i the World of Darkness, afterall. Even
though aplayer's character isoften the exception tothe
s likely that the discovery she will make is th

much damage they do, and
Bi ied ti plans afore ty dstoy everyting

This kind of attitude can be hard to roleplay with-
‘ut slipping into "Me hate human! Rarr!" melodrama.

wolf would interpret the body language. Ifat any time
you think the wolf would feel threatened, understan
that a Red Talon might well attack ae that moment.

* Dominance. Red Talons will not automatically
challenge for leadership of a pack. They expect the
strong wolf to lead, and that means that if they see
another Garou as stronger, they'll follow. However,
the beta position is just as important asthe alpha in a

pack th

However, ifthe player tries to the Red

Talon is coming from a life asa wolf, not a human, that

transition is easier. The Storyteller and player should

cep the following in mind when playing Red Talons:
. fa thar onder

line. A Red Talon beta might wrestle or even mount
any other werewolf she sees as insubordinate to the
pack alpha (usually not while they're in Homid form,

tively hunt downwind of prey so that their scent does
not earry. They can track prey for miles based on scent.

"democracy" are confusing and scary to Red Talons.
* Lies The wolf"langunge" mentioned above isn

was laid. A Red Talon player should ask for scent from

anything and anyone his character encounters. If an

{imposter shows up dressed as one of his packmates, the

Red Talon wl know immediately une, of coune,
sppens to be in Homid form (see below)

Sound is neatly as important. Dogs (and wolves)
can differentiate between humans by the soun
their footsteps, and of course are capable of hearing
sounds far beyond human range of hearing. Before a

Thec meena Eth ete conse Epa
that most Red Talo but they lam icin
prety short order once they wast dealing wth
Garou. Red Talons have no sense of tact or secrecy.
i idea of keeping a secret is, "I'm not going to tell
* (Older Red Talons, however, learn toconceal
Selene welwnente Wie racks.)
Talon does not have to be seething bundle
fumes moment. Burfaced with humanityssheer

should have already described what they can smell and
hear, if any of the pack are lupus.

species, it's no wonder that they're bitter. Accept the
Red Talons for the tragic figures that they ae, and they
can be the most satisfying ofthe tribes to play.

Chapter Three: Bones 83

we"

Aff



"Sometimes, you're nothing but meat."
Tori Amos, "Blood Roses"

The Red Talons' numbers grow ever smaller with
‘each passing year. In years past, a litter might produce
two or even three Garou. Now, with the wolf popula.
tion dying out and the Wyrm and Weaver growing
‘ever more powerful, a year might only see the birth of
half a dozen Talons.

But that half-dozen Red Talons are still Red Tal-
ons. Still true predators. Still true wolves. In this
chapter you will find five ready-to-use templates for
Red Talons characters, suitable for player-controlled
characters or simply as inspiration. You will aso find
descriptions of some of the most famous (or infamous)
Red Talons of all time.

Chapter Four: Spirit 85

ee"

Z

TP

hiya


aN Sed

Hamar Frond

Quote: Humans play, love, hunt, mate, and die. You can
understand them if you ry

Prelude: Your pack's hunting grounds got smaller by
the day as humans cut down the tres and cleared away the
brush. Your pack followed the prey asthe herds moved, bu
you knew that the humans would follow as well

You were right — in a way. The humans found your
pack and did not harm them, but studied them and put

sealed your pack —

anyh

inthem. And then one day, the

and you — up inside those boxes and took you
Youwereall afraid,
and for you that fe
led to the First

box to find
yourself in
another,

much
larger one $833533335
h pa

smelled like
the machines
that tore down tre

IneoLupu form onvaitthisbox opening. When tdi however, humans led

st, new hunting ground with prey to hunt and

and you hed decal
you. Their stories of what
se you know that humans

humans do to wolves disturbed you greatly, beca
ve 40 shamefully

don't always bel
sept: You are not an alpha and don't re

ly have the desire to be,
y other Garo

but you are very vocal when a Red Talon (or
matter) starts bad-mouthing humans too much. You have seen,

ist hand,

destroyed your first hunting ground, they would not have had to move

¢ asaspecies. Howe
hope for them — which means there's hope for the C
Roleplaying Hints: Watch any humans your pack encounters. Try to find out why

a
some humans hate and despoil You picked up on
human language pretty q cy sou J homid

sed awolf?" or" Doyoulve the Earth?" You'll probably
aggressive tree-hugger — unless the human makes you
suspect he's one of the "destroy the forest" types. | che human seems Wael
you'll go to gre length wo prec het You would dearly love ro find

hi m for their ki You would
also love to find the humans who drove you from your ears grounds and
"thank" them as wel

you,a

aia and some seem to revere Hi

Garou, like "Have you
apc:

come off as

howev:

Equipment: Dedicated clothes, hat from one of the humans who saved
it while he was taking pictures).

your pack (you sto

en = =P


SSA

Provider for Ciala

(Quote: The lands hamery, andsoam I. Let's withthe
Ike oe
what and when you could, avoided the humans, and lived
your life, It wasn't much, but it was all you knew, even if
something inside yearned for more.

You ate

‘And then one night, a pack of humans came for your
pack with thunder and fre, and slew al of them except you
Youtran, but then a bullet sheated one of your paws away. As
the humans approached, you wished that you could have
‘atenthat day. Anothercrackofthunderand bite of
Albu ff were gone,Youenpted in awhiind
and toe the humans to pieces. When your
Bary ww pen, you remembered how hungy
‘The Bone Gnawers found you fist, although they con:
sidered inducting you into theit tribe, the tiny remnant of
putebreeding youretainsent youofftoa Red Talon sept. Here

and

‘was the world you had always longed for, even if you never

knewit. The T
Change,

you the powers of pain and blood to feed the land.
derstand being hungry all the time. If Gaia

nd to feed her.
You spent your young life running from

Talons

ileyou
revel in being strong enough to find food easly, you don't
pike youre hungry, many of your
nd a plentiful source of food is all around

boo, b

do. You understand that they need to be destroyed, but
would prefer to corral them into herds somehow so they
don' oto waste, Afterall they auch a mess ofthe
land, ‘hand in cleaning it up, even if i's

it just makes sense. You haven't even been told that

Taman ech is fen aden with chemicals, but might
not mak ince at this point — you're eating
very wel indeed now,

laying Hints: You unders
thateatinghuman
flesh is a viol
tion of the

jh

then, you slip up

how easy the

se. Wa ld
you usualy feign a mis.

talkingaboutahuman, butadeer(orsome other
prey animal). This usually works, and has the
‘added bonus of making other Garou think
you don't understand them

ation —youweren't

just by donating their scream

juipment: You carry nothing, but have
been known tosplinter pieces of wood
for use in your rites.

i

41) game


Saar

ah

fy
‘Quote: One ofthe elders said a pack should go the city and
inwestigae this matter. I volunteered us— that was allright, yes?
Prelude: You were born in a Red Talon sept, and ran
with the strongest wolves. You were fed wel, and taught by
your elders how to hunt and bring down prey from an early
age. When your time to mate arrived, the First Change came

an interest. They explained the human problem and the
ultimate solution — a solution that you were to be part of
‘You were supposed to be partofa Winter Pack, but then
‘an opportunity to use your talents in another
capacity arose. You were sent to a multi-
tribal sept to join one oftheir packsand
8 "spy"

hhumansas possible, as often as pos-
sible, and kill as many as you can.

that you are inca-
pable of controlling
yourRage, butthis will
only work for so long.
You are considering
goading the pack tofrensy
around humans instead, so
that you won't be immedi
ately responsible, but you
haven'thit on how todo that yet.
And besides, that doesn't seem right to
you, but the Talons told you that
humans must die at all costs.

All costs?

Concept: Very much a
product of propaganda, you
whole-heartedly believe
that humans are the
source of all evil in the
world and must die.
Yourpackmates forthe
time being, see you asan
exceptionally vicious Red
Talon, but expect you to
grow more moderate as you
‘mature. Thisisn'tlikely tohap-

pen unless something really shakes
up your view of humanity, some
glaring and obvious sign that the
specieshasany worth. Youdoshare
information with your home sept
when the opportunity presents
itself, but that isn't really why
you're here. You see yourself asa
crusader, doing important
work. If you're ever called to task for yourdeeds, you
‘mightrun to seek asylum with your sept, or submit,
depending on how your pack treats you.
Roleplaying Hints: You adopt other forms
than Lupus more often than many Talons, largely
because you can't lie in Lupus form. You hate
having tolie to and manipulate your pack, but yout
loyalty is frst and foremost to your tribe and your home
sept. As youdevelop, however, and yourbond with your pack
deepens, these loyalties may change, which may lead to you
‘questioning your entire purpose in life. The fact that, asa
Philodox, you are expected to interpret the law and help
guide the pack is especially nettling to you. Above all,
though, you know that being a Winter Garou is great
honor and you don't wish to sully it
Equipment: None


Aufyrn

Quote: The La ‘we can ee for is a beautiful dinge
‘nour honor, cla

Prelude:
hunting aire in the woods with your brothers and
sisters as a pup. You remember watching leaves fall
‘during your first autumn and the smell of the forest
change as the air grew colder. You remember the
hunger as snow covered the land and howling mourn-
fully because you thought you'd never eat again, and
then the joy as spring returned and the prey emerged
tofeed you.

dia

‘of ll, you remember the machines. They
ame as the leaves fll during your second autumn. You
never actually saw them move, but you wandered from
Acopse of tees and saw what was lftof the forest Iewas
fare as a meadow — worse, because meadows house
inice and rabbits to eat. This housed nothing, just the

inthe way... and fallen leaves. And looking in horror
howled

anguish. As the d down, Y
screaming with a human throat.
The Red Talons eventually found you and told
You about the war on the humans and the battle
‘gunst the Wyrm and Weaver, but you arent really interested. You
just want to live in the forest again and hunt food with your brothers.
Youdon' But pou don't inane tle east
Concept: You know that the world isin autumn, and that means
dle woon. Tt : 1

firm this. Hi so hold out hope that

the world. You aren't
By happen, though, 10 you ire tenaciously to autumn and
Perhaps

you are a Guardian at a caer, or you might be considering
journeying to the Amazon to defend the greatest of forests.
Either way you ae at your best among oer Gaon rather

than pretending to be huma

All young, 40 sometimes you forget to be sad and romp with your

pot to show them up, bu jst fr fun, Pbestmealttorts you
alleaf fll and you tumble into pe OF con lk dere You et a

ay hoping fervently for te spring that follows
winter. You have not yet shared the prophecies you've
seen with re packmates, even a igh they seem to
wish your pa
Bye cag saci os fe

Equipment: None.

ChapterFou. , t Se
eS ane on ek


A ff bmw Jia

uote 1 camer at ha 1 hae abet Br proven
sar ly Sere ete Res
Talons aod a
coough you beara slog rmeablance wo pes ban ofall Yor
hed hgh your Rie of Page ven ledenip of»
mison tothe U
A ise ability. Your sepe was aure you would complete the

Se

i pecans langle Bw

sopeltioanets eens ghey wae

packmates died in
returned

‘The elders of your sept decided that the prophecy had either
been a mistake or that you were not the true embodiment of it
They further decided
that you were a fil

3559353533

While

disastrous experience in the Umbra, driv

toyou for leadership. But you cannot lead, not again. You wil
not ied a pack ia death and comupcon

Concept Youur sor ender an alpa,buyuheene

ee asexi fom Yu an oom dominacon 7a

choose, but you are deathly afraid that if you take pele

to find you to exact revenge (or drag you into the pits) but

‘you cannot bring yourself to tell your pack the whole truth
behind your arrival

oleplaying Hints: Outside of battle, you avoid your

pack. You don't wish to get attached to them, just in ewe

While on atmission, however, youdefendeach

thebeckof ourabd yor wal
cy do ng in 18 pons
ually s

Tayo Nose


Si

Nofebfe Red Tailors

Over the course of years, many tribes have forgot:
ten many of their dead, focusing on the gr
riots or the worst offenders. But Red Talons don't
reckon time the same way as other tribes, and their

BSR

‘Stains-Glass was a Ragabash, of course, and a
member of the Night-Fear (the forerunners of the
‘Warders of the Land). She belonged to a very small
sept centered around a caer of Calm. The lands fll
under the domain of a nobleman that had forbidden
his subjects ever to venture into the deep woods.
Stains-Gl that the nobl

heroes liveon. A Red
about a famous warrior, and then, to equal approval,
hear the tale of a minor Ragabash who once helped his
sept fend off an attack by playing a trick on the Black
Spiral Dancer leader.

The Talons listed below are justa few of the Garou
that have done their tribe proud — or have brought
them great shame.

Satns-Claet

‘once included Kinfolk among the Child:
‘Warders, but neither she nor the other Garou at
red much. The humans stayed well clear of

‘And then one winter, the nobleman died and, as
had no son, lef ds and lands to the
Church The Tand's new "owners" quickly but small
chapel a with other vil
ips bron dest cutting a road through the

of his goo

lished a trade route

cof great
eres and fall in pero of =f ad carpenter.
h grew overtime

NRE a ene ere
world, The other tribes of Garou each dealt with this
faith in their own way. Some Garou followed it. Some
worked to destroy it. But the Red
ins-Glass, the only

small and persecuted

Talons howl of Si ‘lon clever

enough to use it

Telefe advised killing all humans in the
(then known by
ince forgotten) did not relish the
idea of dying the i ans that had heretofore done
them no harm, Instead, sh ed human form that
night and venzured to the village, sole length of
cloth hangingnear ahome, and then pierced her palms
witha dhapiphas of esol Se nagpend ghee
the village, walling ike a ghost, end polnted to the
chapel, exclaiming that the Church had stolen the
land from the beloved noble and that evil lay therein.
As the townsfolk followed, she walked to the church
sgeted against the windows, staining the glass
with her own blood. She then vanished into the
Umbra, leaving only the bloodied sheet.

The townsfolk, believing they had witnessed a
le, forced the Church's people from their lands.
They continued trading with other villages, but never
ied into the deep woods. They tore down the
chapel, but erected a small shrine, wherein they kept
the bloodied sheet of the Angel from the Forest

i

Regarded as a hero and conqueror by some and a
lupe and villain by others, Wyrmbaiter was the Red
Talon Ahroun credited with beginning (and ulti-
mately winning) the Warof Tears. The stories gothat
he was a massive wolf, nearly th
in Lupus form. He came to Aust
creat — ons vera ts hapecay aah tat
destroyed all of the Wyrm-creatures within
hishome sept in Europe. Other legends state thathe,
like many of the other colonists who came to Austra-
lia, was in exile for crimes ranging from slaying a
Silver Fang emissary in a blind rage to violating the
first tenet of sister, Greyflank,
‘hari own to Ge rusts thas Oren 9st

91

Nr

hk; es


WN

hu

Talon, accompanied him to Australia, and that the
two of them assumed command of the Red Talons in
the new country.

The decision to begin breeding with dingoes might
very well have been Wyrmbaiter's, but no one is sure
on that point. All Galliards agree on at least one fact,
however: he hated the Bunyip. The native Garou
were, to him, not Garo lasphemous
mockery of al that werewolves should be. As he often
asked any Garou that spoke in defense of the Bunyip,
"What is a Garou that doesn't howl?"

‘Wyrmbaiter ran with a huge pack of Red Talons
ars, but did not make open war on the Bunyip
ar of reprisal by other tribes. When Greyflank
was murdered, found headless near Bunyip lands
with the scent and tracks of the thy

ylacines sur-
rounding her, Wyrmbaiter had all the justification

He gathered the Garou of Australiaand demanded
blood. Why exactly the other tribes went along with
his demands is a point of contention in modem days:

believed th:
would be sared with only a few Bunyip, that he would
never be able to wipe them out. Some believe that the

Uktena went along with the war because the Bunyip
kept secrets from them. The Children of Gaia and the
Glass Walkers abstained from the war, and in some
cases even tried to save the native Garou, but to no

/yrmbaiter led the War of Tears
y single Bunyip in the world.

He hel racked the last surviving Bunyip toa
cave and slew him. It was then that Mara the Scream,
anelderBlack Spiral Dancer, revealedherselfand gave
‘Wyrmbaiter his sister's head — it was the Black Spi-
rals, not the Bunyip, who had slain her. Wyrmbaiter
would have proven a most effective warrior against the
Black Spiral Dancers, she said, d
at them, Fortunately, he had found other victims.

Wyrmbaiter allegedly fled back to his people and
told them the truth, and then retreated to the caves
and the dark places beneath the mountains. He was
never seen again. No Red Talon reports contacting
hhim as an Ancestor, and his body was never found,

Wyrmbaiter sired at least two litters of pups before
disappearing, however, and perhaps others. Red Talon.
prophecy speaks of ‘the last son of Wyrmbaiter" howl-
ing down the heavens in age at being rejected by the
Garou. Australian i
has supplanted Mamu as the Red Talon |
that Maru — himself an immense dingo, nearly the
size of a pony — is not dead.

Akethad Gye

In 1999, the fury of Hell came to Bangladesh. The
Red Talon's Rite of Prophecy revealed clues as to what
may have happened, but as is often the case, the wolf
tribe has not correctly interpreted those visions. In-
stead, Red Talons in the Americas and Europe tells
stories of monstrous dragons battling ancient demons
called up from their slumber by the shrieking of cranes
The stories get more convoluted the further one gets
from the site of the disaster. In fact, the tribe is certain
of only two facts regarding Bangladesh. First, the spitit
worlds are still in turbulence there. Second, from t
crucible of t eek of Nightmares" came a true
hero, Akosha's Eye

eurge newly reached the rank of Adren when
the storms began, she immediately realized that while
the storm might well thin the human population, the
toll such suffering would take on the Umbra would be
devast lerself something of a prophetess, she
ee her sept's leaders for the aid of a pack to
to the site of the st«
stem any damage being done to the Umbra, They
refused, saying that entering such a storm would be
folly. Akosha's Eye had to concede that point, butstil
act,
would be far worse. She set off alone.

led

92 RedTalons

WP

er di


>.

‘Along the way, she found other Garou who were
just as concerned about the terrible storm. She also
met emissaries from the Beast ho
toknow her business. "Ser
reply,and even the eniga
selves drawn to this q
the makeshift pack codosaial

to the storm,
She never reached the epicenter of the tempest
which ofcoune why he survived), but dcovered
ath wides of the Gauls feeding om
Bea rain el dfn
the winds vo pred vo oche Vocals She called
ry spirit ally she could. She directed the Fera w
tate gens called down from her Ancestor She
fought with the power and bravery of « Gnrou fighting
a battle not for vengeance or even righteous ret
tion, but to protect Gaia

Although horribly wounded, Akosha's Eye tri-
tumphed. She and her allies kepe the worst of the
I cael cs i ors nc acphen
forcements finally arrived, she collapsed, reasoning
thather work was done. In that moment, however, she
flea presence telling her that her dean was not to

the made her

fall in beri but tod a revered teacher, Somehow
Blooded ken che herself to
eventually back to her sept

Now a member of the sept's leadership, she spe
tering helpless humans, not giving their lives to ri
the wrongs of the past, but battle for the Mother. She
can think of no bet
Siorm- Gye

The wolf that would in later years become known
‘as Storm-Eye was born in spring of 1991 to a strong
pack of wolves. From her early years, she and her
brother were inseparable. Her brother, who would
later become of the pack, became
nhe oe

the Sky-Pines Sept for her Rite of Pass
ved the name Jud
pack of young Garou called the Summer's Sun pack,
est topathertoey defended Sky Pined fromm tacucsions
both Wyrmish and human (one such battle is de
scribed on page 196 of Werewolf)
Tragedy struck when one of her pack renounced
Gaia to join forces with the Wyrm, and later she lost
the rest of her pack battling this traitor. Mephi Faster:
an-Death saved her life, and later joined her in
tracking down the abjured werewolf. After that battle,

Chapter Four: Spi

she gained the name Storm-Eye Two-World-Daugh-
ter (having lost her eye during the fight, which took

tired Wack wo dos aera gts of bs
rejoin Fights-the-B

Jer greatest moment of shame, however, came
when she forced Fights-the-Bear to kill hur

Her brother knew he had reached his last seasc
He planned to wander off into the woods and die
auiethy, as most wolves do. Stom-Eye, however de
cided that he should die a w h, and forced
i etc fg of hit a a
of the humans before being shot and slain himself
Satied thc hex bother would be well-emembexes)
Storm:

 retumed to her Kinfol
what had happene;

When she told ther they
refused to howl for Fi a be bal acta
against his nature by attacking humans. Confused and
hur, Eye fled ta sept of Red Talons, and 6d
them what she had done. They mocked her, sardoni-
cally calling her "Storm-Eye Wiser-than-Gai
she fled again.

we


ZS.

SEE,

WN

=

AS dammore

She continued running, traveling the world over
and fighting in Eastern Europe with Black Furies and
Shadow Lords both, but never outran the stigma of

Finall

Rites: (Accord) Accomplishment; (Caern) Opened
‘Caern; (Mystic) Cleansing, Questing Stone; (Punish-
('Scom: Ph mal

chink

of Fenris sept while it came under attack by forces of
the Wyrm and the leader of the sept ordered her to flee

with a young Child of Gaia metis called Cries Havoc

and the Glass Walker Julia Sree During the battle,

filed her with inexplicable terror. The battle ended
the three first to England,

Fetishes: Gun Barrel Fetish (Level 2, Gnosis 7):
Storm-Bye wears the barrel of a rifle she took from a
slain hunter wound around her wrist. It is infused
with a moose-spirit, and acts as a Might Fetish (see
Chapter Three).

Image: In her natural Lupus frm, StomEye it «
on her tail and

and then flying to Novo
Joined by the Wendigo Ahroun John North-
cl d the Bone Gnawer he mot
pack journeyed into upstate New York and met with
the Stargazer Antoine Teardrop. There, the shadow.
wolf attacked again, and there Storm-Eye recognized
hhim for what he was: her brother, Fights-the-Bear,
‘twisted by the death she had forced on him into a
savage creature of the Wyrm.
While the other Garou fought other minions of
the Wyrm accompanying the shadow wolf, Storm-Eye
i ‘h Raa

ih pa
that she enjoyed traveling from sept to sept as an.
arbitrator for her tribe. She might arrive at any Talon,
y

problems the sept faces.

Breed: Lupus

Auuspice: Philodox

Tribe: Red Talons
Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Alpha
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 3*, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Leadenhip 3, Stealth 4 core 4

pent In) Homid form, which she fered if at all
possible, she is a young, intense-looking woman,
dressed in whatever her packmates could provide
that day. She is missing her left eye, although she has

while in Homid form.

You
—your brother, watt sabi ‘much of your Renown,
and many of your illusions. But what you saw in New
York changed a great deal. You've learned the impor-
tance of the pack and gotten a glimpse of exactly how
much time the Garou have left, which is to say, not
much. However, the ancient ways are still a
and enforcing them — and the difference
Garou and their Kinfolk — is your chosen task. Sonal
times, you wonder if you aren't still running.
‘Son

The Red Talons' agreement with the Mokolé of
southern Africa, that the tribe could stay and aid the
werecrocodiles in protecting the land if they could
breed with the native Cape hunting dogs, has worked
‘out very well for all involved. All African Red Talons
—the Kucha Ekundu— remember the name of Looks-
twthe Sun, the Phlladox who plonesred that age

le is long dead, of course, but his lineage

remains strong among the Kucha Ekundu. In fact, the
current leader of the Caern of the Bloodied Rock is a
descendant of Looks-to-the-Sun, with an interesting
story of his own.

Born under the hot African sun in as his Kucha

1 (English), Rituals 3
Backgrounds: pee 3, Pure Breed 3
Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Hare's Leap, Heightened
Senses, Resist Pain, Scent of the True Form (2) Primal
Howl, Sense the Unnatural, Sense of the Prey (3)
Trackless Waste, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways
il pag

tion and judging distance by 2 due to her missing eye.
Rank: 3 (Adren)
Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

94

‘Strongest Son learned about family early on. His
mother did not kill the poachers, as she knew that an
area that gains a reputation for housing dangerous
animals merely attracts more hunters. Instead, she

animals in the area hide from poachers, and finally
they assumed the area was dead and stopped hunting
Ch

however, they retumed.

Red Talons

Jia

=e

en of the Bloodied Rock, b
river not far away still housed crocodiles,

oo: meer che

poachers hunted them for their skins. Strongest S
then known as Lion-How! for his odd, rough m:
of howling, knew that the river was ho
Mokolé warrior who had no patience for humans
(especially hunters). He waited on the bank of the
the poachers
loaded their weapons not far down the bank, asked
sin peace but to make ste

Mokolé

argued, s
treat sel reece tee they would never return if

The

tween his ancestor and the werecrocodiles

‘At that, the Mokolé had no response, and as the
poachers made their way down the river, bade his
reptilian brethren submerge and not resurface until
Weise lel place When de tees eh

gusted, Lion-Howl thanked the Mokolé for honoring
the pact. The werecrocodile responded, *
you, the strongest child of Looks-to-the

See a atc terheel i Gtou Go
provided they bringno taine with them. Pethapshe i
so tolerant becaus Salliard, he loves sharing
stories with visitors. Perhaps it is because he recog
los the good thar dvertiy bas done a Fe
his land. Or perhaps itis because h c
avi of taki life well enough to nds be
value of res

The Sypt of te Peep Rage

The i a description of a Red Talon sept
in Brith Columbia suable ot an origin for Red
Talon cha a destination for player-controlled
BAESS Bap Seale fst Serpe,

Phi

The Unnamed Wolf Caer, at the heart of the
sept, was supposedly created by Fells-Trees himself
(see Chapter One), the ancient Red Talon
ted with inadvertently inventing the Carou glyph
language. The legends among the Talons state that
afer the moot that finalized the Litany Fels-Tree lot
faith in the other Garou. He saw th
ing, but deluded by th ind by the human:
so he communed with Gaia Herself and asked for help.
She granted him the knowledge of creation, but cau-

asa

aof

tioned him that using it carelessly would end him. He
thanked Her, and told his cubs (one of whom,
Stream, also figures prominently into Talon le
whathe leamed would save the tribe son
the future. He then wandered off to die
According to the tales, Fells-Trees wandered the
spirit worlds looking for a place to lie down and free
his spirit, but something pressed him to keep wander-
ing. He eventually found a mountain that the hu:
mans had completely conquered. Their waste cov-

of their d
Este Ta tding erase ove he oon i
too stupid to clean themselves and too weak to do
anything but breed

Incensed, Fells-Trees used the knowledge Gaia
haa given ‘him and cleansed the mountain of humans

STIL He howe the ah eeeps anit ts i

Chapter Four: Spirit 95

Nal

~

EE


pe

aly

lddi
his secret. And now, in the Last Days, they have.
The Lett Caro

The caer itself lay untouched for many years.
Red Talon legend says that all three of the Pure
Tribes guarded the mountain at one time or another,
but that none of them ever ventured far enough up
the mountain to find the caern. During the

, apack of Red Talons, di hb

encroaching humans and European Garou, discov-

arduous for them, it would be doubly so for the weak
homids and their human Kin. The Red Talons gath-
ered their spirits and climbed the mountain. When
the reached the higher slopes, they discovered that
game was plentiful, but difficult to catch — years of,
living in the rugged terrain had made even the prey
animals hardy and strong. The Talons rose to the
challenge, and made the mountain theit hunting

Umbral Qu

ch
And then, he
returned triumphant.
The tale of his quest — surely worthy of the Silver
a

in the Red Talon Tribal Homelands after questing in
Pangaea, the Legendary Realm, and even Wolfhome.
He is, at present, the only Garou on earth that knows
the Rite of Gaia's Rebirth (see Chapter Three). The

incursion humanity had made into the sept (a Pentex-
funded logging operation blazed a trail into the forest
and was scouting for a good locale to set up shop. They
never got the chance). Sunrise-Heart has taken up
leadership of the sept, and is considering how best to
use his incredible knowledge.

‘in the ing
hhe felt the power of the caer and was
‘with the spirit of Fells- Tres Fells-Trees

{him with a vision, later called the Prophecy of
Gaia's Rebirth. It stated that a"great leader would
arise from the mountain and recover the secret of
creation. Runs-in-Rain immediately summoned his
fellow werewolves and they set about restoring the
caern's spirit and power.

Over the ensuing centuries, the land around the
mountain has been settled, but the mountain itself
(now called Mount Gibb after an explorer who led
an ill-fated expedition up the mountain in the 19th

it

the late 1980s, a Galliard was born in the sept that
the others recognized as a truly Pure Bred Talon.
Even before his First Change, this young cub ran
with Garou rather than wolves and exhibited the
beerng of tre alpha. When he experienced his
First Change at sunrise one summer morning, the
cahiees kay lis Go be the prophase leader and
called him Sunsise-Heart

Caern: Beneath an out bb,
just over 100 miles north of Tea, sae Co-
lumbia

Type: Willpower

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 5

Totem: Eagle, although Wolf of the Woods makes
infrequent appearances

Tribal Structure: Red Talons (closed to others
normally, but see Sunrise-Heart's write-up, below)

Leader: Sunrise-Heart
The Heart of the Caarn

Located on the east face of the mountain, close to
the top but under a rock outcropping (making assault

Tr Eagl
by day, observing his domain and hunting the Umbra.
Normal eagles also nest on the mountain, and the

r

secure history of te sept, and led his peck,
Wolf's Chosen, against the Weaver, the Wyrm, and
any other enemy that dared sully the caern. When he
reached the rank of elder (a mere ten years after his
First Change!) the sept expected him to take on the

to venture into hi
The caern's pathstone is also located here, mean-
ing any moon bridges into the caern open in a small
. The caem is therefore virtually immune to
attack moon-bridges, as any war party foolish enough

96 RedTalons

dda

=e

ES

Sve

and slain, or thrown from the mountain.
of Habowed Herat

Red Talons who die of natural causes wander to
the north face of the mountain, which is harsh and
rocky, and climb as high as they can before falling or
collapsing from weariness. That section of the moun-
tain is considered the gravesite for the heroes of the
sept, and any member of the sept who dies elsewhere is
carried to the top of the mountain and thrown down
the north face (if circumstances allow it). As the
mountain becomes rockier around the edges of the
north face, an observer could find glyphs carved into
the stone representative of the fallen Talons. North
erly winds seem to shrill their true "howl names"
during moots. When the Gathering for the Departed is

the north face as they safely can and the mountain
rings with their howls.

Visitors to the sept are often shocked when they
see the Glyph-Circle, but to the Talons of the Sept of
the First Rage, itis a very important and absolutely

‘place' ch

cone inscribed with the glyph of one of the planetary
nearna (see Rage Across the Heavens for more
detail). The Master of the Rite at the sept is expected

I ting each Ithough

Sept Petitions

The reader might notice that we have only
named and detailed a very few of the Garou at the
Sept ofthe First Rage. That is not an oversight

The Storyteller should feel free to design her
‘own characters to serve as Guardians and any of
the minor sept postions, including Caller of the
Wyld, Wyrm Foe, and Truthcatcher. These could
be mentors oF allies to player characters, or the
player characters might take up those postions
themselves. Ifthe Storyteller wishes to emphasize
the dwindling numbers of Red Talons in the
world, perhaps those positions go unfilled and the
cacr's defenses are setchod thin. We could
make up as many Red Talon characters a
sary to staff (and over st eb
Bo hers celuwer eens ney
acy ce ide in urea fe oie ak
You therefore have White Wolfs permission to
add to (or even subtract from) the caemn's mem-
bership as you see fit. Have fun!

Moots at the Sept of the First Rage always begin
with a retelling of history, fom the creation of the
Jal

pi account is detailed in Chtpon Sue of this book,

she is not required to perform each often — com-
ily, aGi

in fact). The hi me based on who

loudest. Individual G: theirown

of the Incara and is allowed to perform that spiit's
rite. For example, Silent, the mute Galliard, has per-
formed Ruatma's ritual for the last two winters.
heart may be defensible, but the
Glyph-Circle is not particularly safe from incursion.
However, itis nearly as important to the Sept of the
First Rage as the heart and they defendit viciously. Not
long ago, a group of Banes swarmed into the Glyph
Circle during a rite to Tambiyah, disrupting it. The

of Venus, and the sept isstill feeling the effects. Worse,

from or why they attacked the Glyph-Circle,
Area

During moots, the Garou normally assemble on

pretations and opinions, and fights sometimes te i"

fights have be
mon until Sunrise-Heart recently appointed a young
fe hunder t

"Peacekeeper" with great enthusiasm.
The Lowur Spat

Mount Gibb is a difficult climb for humans (and
for most animals), but the foothills around the moun-
tain make for good hiking, The sept' previous leader

mountain would bring about swift retribution, a
declared that no humans should be bothered on the
lower slopes of the mountain. Sunrise-Heart, who
chafed under Garou, changed it

on the lower slopes of the mountain so as to guard it

somewhat — humans are not to be killed on the lower
slopes. Tr ghe fall on them, a herd of deer might

and prot
Garou meet. The Guardians hold their own moots on
half-moons in the foothills of the mountains, usually
led by the Caller of the Wyld.

trample them, or they might become afflicted with a
terrible fear of the woods, but they aren't to be killed.
And even then, a human who litters or otherwise
offends the Talons (and urinating on trees, which the

Chapter Fou: Spirit 97

ARES

NY

pa
thf

Cay (pm

a

A flbitamsone

ZS.

Se

eS

Garou see as a contest to their territory, isa good way

bawn, where he can be dispatched without difficulty.

Len the Sept

For the last several years, the Sept of the First Rage

lested. They communicated with other septs, and their
warriors would sometimes strike out and join with
let ial packs: bik che pepe did lide tou h

itself (other than staying hidden and never having to
repel serious invasion, which isin itselfafeat). When
Sunrise-Heart retuned with the Rite of Gaia's Re-
birth, the sept's

The werewolves of the septare cocky and jubilant.
They know that, given the proper preparation, they
could level the nearby town of Devine — for a start.
They could teach the rite to Red Talons all over the
world and watch cities fall. They could strike at the
very heart of the Weaver. The Guardians of the caern
are beginning to patrol even the lower slopes with
bloodthirsty vigor. Ifthey make a mistake, it's correct-
able, afterall.

This recklessness endangers the sept, especially
now. The mountain already has a bad reputation
with the locals, and word of the Bane attack has
made Garou of other septs nervous that the Talons
are hiding something impor ct, the Garou
Nation has decided that the Sep of First Rage bears
investigation. The Unlidded Eye, a Shadow Lord
Judge of Doom who is often asked to look into such
things, hs his hands fll in the Middle Eat bu
in envoy to the sept soon. He really
ything significant is going on, and

Bs
potential powder keg.
Garon of tbe Sif
The sept leader, Sunrise-Heart, is detailed below.
Some of the other notable werewolves of the Sept of
the First Rage a
* Fire-Friend,

ern Warder: Notable for his for-

ays into the larger cities in Canada to fight Leeches in

his younger days, Fire-Friend is an Ahroun with a

mischievous streak that has not faded as he has aged.

He often stalks the Guardians of the sept, pouncing on

them from the trees to test their instincts
-in-Thunder, Peacekeeper: A Russian-born

Talon this Galiand was given the ask of Peacekeeper

hiefly
werewolf in the sept.
* Black-Paws, Master of the Rite: Hi

Black-Paws' most common task is instructing young
Garou. This is just as well — he isa prime example of
the old adage, "Those who can't do, teach."

*# Last-to-Eat, Master of the Challenge: A native
of the sept, Last-to-Eat is probably the oldest living
wolf (or werewolf) on the mountain. He has never
ventured more than a few hours' run from the bawn,
and is in fact terrified of technology and humans. He
is a Theurge and carries several prophecies, most of
which remain unshared.

Siwrite- Peart

Position: Sept Leader

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Galliand

Tribe: Red Talon

Nature/Demeanor: Builder/Alpha

a: Strength 3 (5/)514), Desert 4 (45/66),

Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Ap-

Mtl: Perception 4 Tneligence 4, Wie 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 4, Primal-Unge 5
Skills: Animal Ken 4, Etiquette 2, Leadership
Melee 2, Performance 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Garou Astrology 5, Linguis-
tics 1 (French and smattering of English, though he
rarely uses either), Occult 2, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Ancestors 4, Pure Breed 5

Gifts: (1) Beast s of the Wyld, Eye of the
Hunter, Hare's Leap, Heightened Senses, Howl to a
Friend, Mindspea, Wolfat the Doo (2) Of

the Slain, Primal How , Scent of
Sight; 3) Catfeet, Howl of Hunger, Tackles Waste;
(4) Beast Life, Howl of Death, Shadows by the Fire-
light; (5) Blessing of the First Pack, Shattering Howl;
(6) Home in All Lands

Rank: 6 (Elder)

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9

Rites: Sunrise-Heart knows all of the rites listed in
Werewolf: The Apocalypse and the Werewolf Play-
cers Guide. In addition, he knows the rites listed in this
book, except for the Rite of Feeding the Land.
Fetishes: None.

Image: In Homid form, Sunrise-Heart looks
vaguely Native American, but has profuse red body
hairandastooped walk. In Lupusform, he isa beautiful
red wolf with a perpetually pensive air about him.

Roleplaying Notes: You are in possession of one

os

ing.

insists on performing many of the caern's rites, so

assets the G: Now if you

98 RedTalons

ia

——y

NN

Syory ieat

Most stories involving the Sept ofthe Fins Rage
will involve the Rite of Gaia's Rebirth or the recent
Bene attack. Below are some niggetions

. ropes the spt o Cato of ay
tre or breed. He dots thi Under ask OE nie
between the tribes," but actually w: to find a
suitable student for the Rite of Gaia's Rebirth. The
other Garou of the sept will be upset to have so many
G

Then ant.
the sept is inva by a horde of Black Spiral

bake intent on killin,

the caer. Sunrise-H

Lands Gift to:

ther septand call for help. Even
sstaved off, the sept will need aid in
maintaining their home and tracking the invaders
back to their sourc

alcolmNight

if the initial ra

mile, the Shadow Lord Galliard
made it his mission to learn about the Red
J who narrates Chapter Two of this book)
approaches the troupe's pack for help in getting a
meeting with Sunrise-Heart (this may require a set-up
story to establish the characters as being able to get
near the elder). Although Malcolm has nothing but
good intentions, he isn't called "Malcolm the Liar" for
nothing,

alpha, and butth
does seem to sit well on ior shoulders. You are

in order to gain their cooper
* After a swarm of Bane

on.
attacks the characters'

arching' ates Youare

adamant that it won't be taught ro a homid werewolf,

but a lupus of another tribe might be possible. The

Children of Gaia are usually responsible. The

Fang:

at keeping secrets. You just don't know
History: See above.

edTalonally (orany
ar cmeesiea Cord die weseealie e
mentions that something similar happer
ofthe First Rage. The pack sasked to travel there al
between the Banes that
attacked the vept and the Bones that attacked the
's home sept. Sunrise-Heart is interested but often
busy, and the other Garou at the sept might be stand-
offish, especially ifthe pack is largely homid or spends
too much time nosing around the Glyph-Circle

Chapter Four: Spirit 99

VP


LL

ra

eA ff Aammvers
Author: Dedicathont...

First and foremost, to my wife, Heather, for
being patient with me when I get up at odd hours to
write. Inspiration doesn't seem to strike at conve-
times, does it?

i, omy ends an elow players Ldo this
because I love roleplaying. I love role
of you. | wan wlnclate«hpecal vou julie Bs me,
who had the guts to play a Red Talon as her very frst

tribe again,
inally, to all of you folks reading this book.

hiring me

Ani Some Feting
The Red Talons hate humans for what the
done to the planet. Not all humans despoil the

environment without a care, but the Talons still ha
eerminology, that's called "bi

otry" or "prejudice

The Red Talons know that they're right. The
heard it from Gaia Herself. They might have to kill,
maim, and do terrible things entirely against their
wolfish nature to get the job done, but that's OK,
because they're right. In our parlance, that's called
"zealotry" or "fanaticism."

The Red Talons bear no small resemblance to the
zealots and violent activists in the human world.
What they do "in service to Gaia" or "to protect
themselves" is, in some ways, little different than
what the Crusaders of yore did in the eleventh and
twelfth centuries... or what terrorists do today. That
doesn't invalidate their concerns, especially in the
Wer of Darkness, But does mean that, ina game
that's Mature Minds," the Talons require
jee Be of manus

Youhave that maturity. I trust you. Don't exclude
the Talons from your chronicles. They deserve tohave
a part in them.

Red Talons


mee Lorat

ALOUS

Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
Je Atrlbufar Jilivw
Looe

0000 — Charisma. 0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. 10000 Manipulation, 0000 _ Intelligence 0000
‘Stamina_ Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

A RAR. anno

9000000000

Alertness 00000 Animal Ken, 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. 00000 Crafts 00000 _ Enigmas, 00000
raw 00000 Drive. 00000
Dodge. 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000
Empathy. 00000 _ Firearms 00000
Expression. 00000 __ Leadership. 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Melee. 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Performance. 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival 00000
AP AIS
5
Zadkgrounde Gf Gf
00000
00000
00000
0000
00000 zx
A 7A
Haft m—_——aee
Glory Bruised fa}
6000006000) O° RRO 8000) han 210-50
DoOQ0000000 99090000000 injured 1 0
Sot aa Wourtied 2 $
0000000000 a re
00000 Z
Dooouooooo ° 00000 Capoted ae a
fisdomn o000000000 Incapacicares
o000000000 Av; bas We
99999999949 g900000000 CANNOT REGAIN

GNOSIS IN CITIES

Ce

de

of b

wees ———
ED Ticons

| Yeni) ~ — Yabo — — China —~ — Hipo = — Lipid —
Strength(+2)___ Strength (+4).

oe) rength (+1)__

No Stamina (+2) Dexterity (+1)____ Dexterity (+2)___ Dexterity (+2)__
Change Appearance(-l) Stamina (+3) Stamina (+3)____ Stamina (+2)__
ri mi is; Janipulation (3)
| Ape: )__ Manip ss
5 Manipulation (3)____ +1DietoBiteDamage | -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
INCITE DELIRIUM

a F Siow HUMANS Z

000004} teem: Level Gnosis__
00000 Power
00000 ¥ tem Level___ Grosis__
00000 Power:
00000 J trem ___ Level__
00000 Power:
00000 } tem: Level__
00000 Power: all
00000 Rit
00000
00000
00000.
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
mr ALA fbf wma nema
Mancuver/Weapon Roll | Difficulty] Damage [Range] Rate | Clip

Seen

a \. eed N

tlt roam

TL


}

N\

\ RED Tizons

ow

Nature: Demeanor:
Fh Type Bom
Lipanded Background filo
Aneatfort Mentor
Pure Breed
Knfol
Tolem
Paulont Giperlevce
Gear (Carried)
Equipment (Owned): =a
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:___
Level._Type SpentOn:
Md 9 /

Re

aa

ee


ae —
K Reo Ticons

yy,

mrrmerie A2, Dryoripfion seem rerio

Weight

Cathe Seare.

Matt Diformity

AAA, ly
Pack Chart Vitwal Character Sth

,

we" il


Titel Bi ee Cao :

OuUS

i #7

Bloody .Clayysiof Vengeance

There are monsters inthe wilderness, monsters that want th
human face scourged from the face of the planet. These ere atutes Have
heen 2ouliting humanity's sins against Nature since the beginning of

civilisation, and they are ready to exact bloody revenge. Unfortunately for
humanity, they have what seems to bé divine sanction to carry Dut theit

wrath. They are the Red Talons. ae
a) othe WhrathoTNature eee

The latest in the Tribebook series, Tribebook: Red Talons exploresthe §

most feral of werewolves, a tribe born entirely from wolves. Inside playe

dad Storytellers will find the latest news on the Talons' war on humanity,»

the long story of their Struggle to'defend their Kin against humarfstheit

and 22 just perhaps — the chance forthe

tire»

greatest weapons and heroes,
tribe's redemption. © =

x

oS re eS

EREWOLF
FEAPOCAU PSE.
