# File: Red Talons.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sburcebéok for Werebolt: Che Apocalypst
Gribebook F


WRITTEN BY: BEN CHESSELL
ART BY BRIAN O'CONNELL

LETTERING BY: MATT MILBERGER



x' Es

PREY KICKS UP SNOW | ~
.


SOUNDS OF ICICLES FALLING

SOUND OF METAL THUNDER


|

FJ HISPO STRENGTH

; &

5 —

SIGHT OF HERD
SPLITTING

EShe Uy

SOUND OF GRINDING THUNDER


* e &

° e » X d
oD) "ooo 4
i
Se} 3 a

ES ;
- =n = x
\ eg \


Bil i iii

SMELL OF OIL AND i i]
FILTH ON FUR.. [iid

po

— = 5

SNOW OVER FALLEN

dy (/ ?
SCREAMS OF ~ 3
DYING PREY : —~ Zan
— : a SMELL OF PURE
2 =


7
SOUNDS OF ¥
TRIUMPH



10

Credits

Author: Ben Chessell

Developer: Bill Bridges

Editor: Ed McKeogh

Vice President in charge of Production: Rich Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly & Aileen E. Miles
Comic book art: Brian O'Connell

Interior art: Ron Spencer

Front and back cover design: Matt Milberger
Typesetting & Layout: Matt Milberger

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
B SUITE 100
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse and
Red Talons Tribebook are trademarks of White
Wolf, Inc. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised. Printed in Canada.

Red Talons

Special Thanks

One last time for my pals in Editing & Development...

Ken "Tempestuous" Cliffe for helming another dead
project — er, | mean a project about the dead.

Richard "Mother's physick" Dansky for helping us get
over our retreat colds with the chicken soup on the backseat.

Tan "Initiate of the Porcelain God" Lemke for praying
outside of church at the retreat.

Jennifer "Queen of the Damned" Hartshorn for playing
Anne Rice's Halloween party with her band, TrioNocturna.

Phil "Nature Boy" Brucato for communing with the wild
when (almost) everybody else was playing Family Feud.

Ethan "On the road" Skemp for being a Sam & Max fan.

Cynthia"Bug bait" Summers for learning that mosquitos
are not the biggest bugs at NERO.

Profuse apologies to Larry Friedman for leaving his

name out of the art credits for Rage Across Appalachia.

Author's Note

For wolves

Not the book, for which you would have little use,

but the effort at understanding.

I enjoyed your company

— Barry Lopez, dedication for Of Wolves and Men

The Red Talons represent the "other." They are
everything we don't understand — the wolf, the preda-
tor, the wilderness, the dying creature. I wrote this book
with a great love for and fascination with wolves. When
I began, I thought I knew a great deal about the animals.
After more research, I found I was wrong. What most
biologists and naturalists know about the wolf is incon-
clusive, based on little empirical research. Indeed, the
research that has been done has served only to reinforce
the elusive and enigmatic nature of the wolf, difficult to
explain using strictly biological principles. All that can
confidently be said is that we need to know more.

Despite this lack of information, the wolf is an icon
for many conservation and environmental efforts. It is
a great comfort, in a world of destruction and desecra-
tion, that people feel the need to conserve something
that they do not understand, simply for its own sake.


A Wolf in the Blood

Introduction: Always 13
Chapter One: The . 15
Chapter Two: Paths n 29
Chapter Chree:OthergCerxit 41
Appendix One: The ¢ Po rs 6 46
Appendix Two! Cubs 53
Appendix Three: 64

Contents 11


A wounded blood.

We know Her pain. We are the Red Talons
None can quench our anger

You dare ask "When will we Rage?"

We have never ceased. We are the Red Talons
Since the days of the Impergium,

Until the last hours of the Apocalypse,

We are always. We are the Red Talons

— Scent-of-Red-Snow

We are wild — unquenchably wild. Red Talons are differ- The Red Talons are dying. We are now so few that our
ent than all the Garou. We are nota balance between wolfand wisdom is almost lost to you, but still you do not under-
human. We are creatures — beasts— hunters who are capable —_ stand. You embrace the ways of the Defiler and then turn

Our blood is the blood of Gaia, |

of taking the form of another, lesser beast for a time. Even in tous when all is lost — we cannot help you. We can hardly
that form we understand that we are still creatures. We are _help ourselves. The very laws of Gaia will be our eventual
Yet we fight on. We are the Red Talons.

Crookpaw

unafraid to be animals. We are unafraid, as many are, of the —_ undoin;
will of Gaia, the will of the earth. If we look after Her, then She =
will provide for us. If we fail in this, She will provide for none.

Introduction: Always



Do you think you can tell?

And did they get you to change

our heroes for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees?

Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change?

And did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?
— Pink Floyd, "Wish You Were Here"

It falls to me to talk of history. The Red Talons, my tribe,
are not concerned with the past, except to acknowledge the
sadness and tragedy that has been wrought there.

You think us creatures of anger, and that we are. But our
Rage is different from yours. We are not the carriers of
Wyrm-tainted fury; ours is the understanding that we are
the hunters of Gaia. Our anger is the response of those who
have seen their world torn down.

But more often we feel sadness. Again, unlike you, this
isno Wyrm-spawned Harano that saps our strength. It isan
understanding of how things are and how they should be...
how they might have been. Maybe it is the understanding,
never spoken, that the Red Talons are dying, that our time

Chapter One: The Long Defeat

{fA EPL DP LLLP Ex ET etieeniteiemmeny 7 f/,

So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, blue skies from pain
Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? |

is past. We have no place in your Weaver-ruled world,
where the Wyld is wrapped in plastic and every meal bears
the tang of the Wyrm. We will not have this world, and it
will not have us.

We place little stock in the great deeds and tales of the
lore-wise tribes, and even less importance in the lists and
dates of human scholarship. It takes a Red Talon who is
exceptional, different... metis... to talk of our history at all

Red Talons live their history through moots where tales
are told in howls by long-dead ancestors who enter into the

living to give guidance. Those great Talons of old who have
had the misfortune to share my metis body with me have
taught me much of their earlier times

1am named Crookpaw and nothing else. A description
of infirmity is all that is my name. I have earned no other
title of worthiness. Having been denied the experiences
that my full-blood lupus brothers and sisters enjoy, I have
acquired a fair grasp of human speech, and can thus tell the
legacy of my tribe. For though my tribe will not have me, I
will have none but the Red Talons.

The History of
the Red Talons

If we seek solace in the prisons of the distant past

Security in human systems we're told will always always last

Emotions are the sail and blind faith is the mask

Without the breath of real freedom we're getting nowhere fast...

History will teach us nothing

— Sting, "History Will Teach Us Nothing"

We Red Talons remember everything, and we remem-
ber nothing. We are concerned with the patterns of Gaia,
not dates or the counting of years. We remember only
those things that made us what we are. We do not write our
history down, but remember it in tales and songs, ac-
knowledging the long line of wolves that pad silently
before us. These tales would slowly die if locked in the cage

of written words. Deeds that are sung can live forever.

16

Red Talons

Preserve the paw that makes the mark, so that it might
make its mark on others. Weep not that the mark has been
washed away by the rain.

Che First Story

I'm the red wolf, says the dark

old father.

Alll right, the red-dawn-wolf am I

— D.H. Lawrence, "The Red Wolf"

It has elsewhere been told that the Red Talons sprung
from the very womb of Gaia Herself. What tribe would not
claim this lineage? The Red Talons, however, are truly born
of wolf, as are no other. Wolf was the favored animal of
Gaia, ruling over Her paradise and ensuring that Her bal-
any versions of this story.

ance was maintained. There are mi

Some say it was the Wyrm who broke this paradise. In his
jealousy, he slithered in and corrupted the youngest humans.
But this stinks of the humans' own story too much for me.

Some say it was the Weaver who, in her desire to create,
stole away some of the creatures of the Wyld. The Weaver
secreted them in a cave and showed them her lore of tools,
changing forever their relationship to the world. When Wolf,
sent by Gaia, came to find them, they were frightened and
stung him with their spears and sticks. His death was the first
great tragedy, but his rebirth by Gaia was a greater tragedy
still, for he was charged with thereafter warding humans.


ae AA

But! favor a different telling, and for this (and my metis
scars) | am seldom asked to address a moot or to instruct
the pups. I think that it was Gaia Herself who made the
humans, just as She made us. Or rather, the humans, made
by Gaia, grew unaided into what they are now.

Once they were monkeys, eating leaves in the trees and
fearing the ground lest the wolf might eat them. After
coming out of the trees they made tools and weapons, fire
and dwellings, protecting their young as we protect our
young. The forces of Gaia shaped them, just as they began
to shape Gaia. The humans are a creature different from us.
Never satisfied with what they have, they always desire
better... and more. They have vanity and greed. Whether
this stain of the Wyrm was in their hearts from the very
beginning, or whether they were tricked or corrupted into
the having of it, we will never know and do not care.

While we ruled over the wilderness, they began to carve
outa space for themselves. They were clever and skillful; it
cannot be denied. Without their tools and walls, however,
they are defenseless. They have come to rely on their
creations to compensate for their furlessness.

When humans and wolves first walked the earth to-
gether, in the same age, there were born Garou. The seeds
of the first Garou were sown by Gaia in the bloodlines of
humans and wolves so that Her two favored children might
cooperate and unite into one creature that could defend
Her. It was a tragedy that Gaia chose humans to be part of
Her defense when they were instead to become Her greatest
enemy. Homid Garou do not understand this tragedy.

The first Garou born was a wolf. Who can say whether
he was a Red Talon? In such times "tribe" had no meaning.
Tracks-in-Fresh-Snow he called himself, and for a short
time he was lord of all of Gaia's creatures. He delighted in
his wolf and human forms, and moved among both races.
He mated with a human woman, and she gave birth to the
first homid. The Red Talons are descended from Tracks-in-
Fresh-Snow; he is our father as Gaia is our mother. Many of
the other tribes advance a complicated argument, claiming
that his homid daughter was the first true Garou, as Tracks-
in-Fresh-Snow had no Garou parent. Or they deny his

xistence.

This denial is meant to take honor from the Red Talons.
ear this affront as we bear all offenses: with defiance

mntempt. But our Rage smoulders.

First Metis

al can be learned about the Red Talons from

emory — and | tell it often.

witnessed the whelping of metis in other
-m to be anathema, abominations. The

planation easy to come by, however.

ainted by their homid stock, and

Chapter One: The Long Defeat

ge process. Why then s|
id tribes be equally strange
were birthed in Red
d with wolves and kept
u and their Kinfolk.
€ young then. Human ideai
te alien to them. These
ed homid side, but rem:
‘early Talons, like those
ted Homid form, thoug
primes before the creat}

homid breeding wa
not the breeding of the
equally tainted)? N@
packs, whose membe}
line strong in both the
But the Red Talon§}
love and sex for pleas'
tions rose up through the
ignored and dormant.
modern world, seldom
speech. Although this We
the Litany, for which wé
mating between Garou
considered themselves
tion, seeing no use in thé€
as has happened so many
this confidence and pridi
How typically tragic d
love which caused this fal
wolves feel affection for thi
the same as the troubled,
wrack humans and homid:
love, born of the need for
The love of humans is a c

In the late sprin,
break up for a time,
two young lupus decided (6:
together. This was in the ti

though Red Talons had alway
suspicion, good relations e&
Garou. The human settle
they understood their plac:
Most Red Talons paid hum:
lesser creatures and unwortl
Garou. But these two young
Tail-Like-a-Branch, were curic

A no danger from this!
ion of sterile progen:

fb my tribe and toall
precede a fall from

Leaps-tile-Creek was a youn
Like-a-Branch, a female of sim
their First Change occurred for
summers. The two had been cot
years, for they came from the saq
early days, Gaia sometimes blessed
Garou births to a single litter.) Th
spend all cammer‘at:the human:ser

the grandson of one of the wise men 4
himself a lifemate, much to his famil

Homid form out of politeness to their ht
Tail-Like-a-Branch's nakedness before if
human blanket, he determined that he
his lifemate and be the father of Garou.
ate the shame he felt. Tarn was not a beaut
was crafty and a fine warrior. He bided his


During that summer, the two Garou lived among the
humans in the village, eating, hunting and playing with
them all the time in their Homid forms, as they had
intended. The two stayed close together, as foreigners will
among strangers, but slowly the humans came to accept
them and value their great skill as hunters and foragers. The
humans observed the Garou closely, and learned much
from them concerning Gaia and Her laws. The young
Garou watched the humans just as closely, and came to
understand a great deal of their laws and customs.

Ivis said that the Garou are gifted to understand humans
sts, but I say there is nothing in this to marvel at.
Humans themselves

Leaps-the-Creek and Tail-Like-a-Branch made many
friends and companions in their time among the humans.
Leaps-the-Creek watched as his packmate befriended Tarn.
Tarn flattered Tail-Like-a-Branch, and brought her many
gifts. The humans understood what was happening, but the
young Garou could not. Leaps-the-Creek continued to
smile at the sight of his lifelong friend's happiness. The two
1 to leave when the snows returned and the
appointed time had come.

and be:

are also beasts.

Garou were

As the Garou bid their farewells, Tarn approached the
twoand asked Tail-Like-a-Branch, in the way of his people,
if she would be his lifemate. Then, the Garou understood,
as they stood upon the cold tundra, anxious to take their
Lupus forms after a year of playing Homid. A gust of cold
wind cut through their inadequate, unfurred skins. Tail-

Like-a-Branch paused fora moment in contemplation. She
was ready to mate, and this man seemed as good as any.
Tarn produced a spear, and said that he was willing to fight
Leaps-the-Creek for the right he requested.

The people stood silent. The Garou had yet to speak.
Slowly, as if he did not understand his own words, Leaps-
the-Creek said, "Tail-Like-a-Branch is my lifemate." Tail-
Like-a
people nodded their heads and turned to leave. Tarn,
however, was not so easily defeated.

-Branch was silent. The silence deepened as the

reek with his spear raised. Leaps-
and the
realization that was coming over him; surprised by the
sudden attack, he failed to dodge, and the first spear thrust
pierced his side. But Garou are not slain by such wounds; he
leapt up from the bloody snow in Crinos form. Tarn fought
bravely, but the battle w:
two lupus fled into the snow, leaving the people who had
been their friends weeping.

He ran at Leaps-th

the-Creek was both stunned by his own words

short and victory assured. The

That night, in a hollow lined with pine needles, Tail-
Like-a-Branch licked the wounds of her packmate, and the
two nuzzled together against the cold. They mated there,
for many reasons, and perhaps not the same for each of
them. But they mated there and parted company until the
pack would rejoin.

Leaps-the-Creek never returned to the pack. He was never
seen again by any Garou, and maybe he was the first victim
of Harano. But this is a story about another tragic first.


2 eerie eerereuniat renee Geran nec ae OT rare primer note rab)

b returned to the pack with a swollen
Bstrange, as it was natural for
on their own. The

belly, and none thought!
Garou to mate in the sumi
elders mourned the loss of Leaps-the
did not wonder about the pup growing inside Tai
Branch. Finally, the pup was born and a hideous, small,
Crinos creature it was—as I have heard it said all metis are.

All pups are born blind and hairless, but this pup (named
Sadness by his mother) had no fur to shield him from the
snows, and only one of his eyes ever opened. The elders
conferred over what should be done about the metis cub,
and reached a decision that maintained the pride of the Red
Talons above all else. Tail-Like-a-Branch fought to defend
her offspring, and was slain in front of all the pack by the
oldest of the Ahrouns, Black-Paw. Black-Paw then took
the little metis in her mouth and crushed the life out of it
with her jaws, not eating it for fear of contamination.

That is the end of the story, except to say that the pack
broke apart after that, having witnessed that cruel act, and
ran together no more. In killing Sadness, Black-Paw had
given birth to grief and doubt. Since that time, many other
metis have been treated like Sadness, but other packs have
learned from that story, and more care is taken to prevent
the creation of metis than is invested in their destruction.

This disgrace I bear myself: with heavy shoulders and my
nose set into the wind. But my Rage stirs.

When finally all Red Talons have gone from Gaia it will
not be as the Croatan were lost, slain in battle with the
Wyrm. Red Talons are too strong to fall in battle; we shall
fall because the world moves beyond us. We are not great
changers, we Red Talons, though we can change our forms.
Evenas we cling to our wolf side, we cling toa Gaia that will
soon disappear. Our close ties to Gaia make us subject, as
are all of Her wild children, to the forces of extinction,
against which we Rage. We are constant and unflinching,
unwilling to adapt to new ideas or situations; it is not our
way. Such was the impact of homid emotions on the Re
Talons.

A Great Offense

One of the saddest defeats of the Red Talons —
which helped build the Rage of the Impergium — was w!
some of our wolf brothers and sisters became the helpmat
and playthings of the humans. The settlements of huma
had already begun to expand, and although they still feg
the wilderness, their hunting expeditions became more
sophisticated. Having seen the efficiency and skill of the
wolf packs and the Garou, the humans, who are nothing if
not adaptive, began to recruit hounds to help them in their
hunting. At first, these hounds were treated as partners in
the endeavor, and had no further part in human life. Soon,
however, the hounds became dogs (later to become lap
dogs) and lost their dignity and freedom. The Wyld went
out of them, and the Weaver entered in. The Red Talons
watched this process with disgust and Rage.

Chapter One: The Long Defeat

EE DE A

a 27 ee

|
Notyet ready to intervene and kill the humans involved,
those who seethed at the ignobility of the new status of the
dog turned their anger upon the dogs themselves. The way
in which the humans used these animals — made them
§vork, hunt and labor for human gain — enraged my r4
ancestors and drove them to ever more violent acts. There |
d been resistance and anger at the harnessing of oxen and
er hoofed creatures for human bidding, but these ani-
mal§yvere our prey, and, although proud in their own way,
inflame the fires of our Rage. To enslave our
though, separated from us by only a few mothers
as too great a crime to be borne in silence.

bdogs — so-called wolf-hounds and others —
be a human tool, Red Talon patience and
‘oken. One-Ear-Black, a mighty Galliard,
uman settlements. Her intention was
to free the houndsyitg,release them from their servitude.
Never did she believe that the dogs would resist, or that
they would greet the Talofis with snarls and bared teeth.
One-Ear-Black was crushed when she realized that dogs
had become companions of humans, and that they were
more frightened of the Garou than of the Wyrm. Indeed,
they could no longer smell the Wyrm in their own kennels.

were made
restraint were

Howling piteously, she set upon the penned hounds that
she had intended to free, beginning an enmity between
wolves and dogs that exists to this day. Humans gift their
dogs with chains and spikes to keep them safe from us. It is
not enough. Dogs no longer know Gaia, and it is another
thorn in the paw of the Red Talons. When the Impergium
finally came, the dogs stood beside their human masters p
and suffered with them beneath our fangs.
special hate for those creatures that are
dog and some wolf are in them — an insult.
p them as prisoners, and hope to capture some
of the wolf for their entertainment. This is

insult as we bear any other: with Rage and
ir Rage begins to grow.

rst Extinction |

as a time when we did not notice the humans.
ie Theurges were uneasy at the new habits of the
res, their groupings and buildings, but Garou had
foreseen nothing of the permanency they would achieve.
Wolves had no such structures, and Garou had no need for
them, so we watched with curiosity as humans grew and

ploughed and hunted.

When Red Talons hunt, there is consideration made for
the hunted and for the hunted of next season. What I mean
is, Red Talons do not prey ona herd that is near to collapse.
Garou do not kill all the young of any creature, knowing
that to do so is foolish, preventing that food from being
available the next year. The humans did not understand
this, and we did not know that they did not understand
until it was too late.

19

Animals had been lost before. In the earliest years, in

Garou infancy, many creatures walked the earth that are
now gone, and we hunted them then. But we did not drive
them unto death. It was by Gaia's will that they left, a will
that we understand well (only too well, for we may soon

ourselves be its victims). These creatures are gone because A
Gaia had changed, and the world for which they were made

was now gone. What the humans did was something differ-

ent, a wound that festers in our conscience to this day.

The humans had come to lose their fur over time and had
become pink and vulnerable. There was a great need among
them for the hides of other creatures to keep them warm
(truly they are paradoxical creatures — strength garbed in
weakness). In packs, the humans hunted the beasts with
thick hides. We soon taught them not to hunt wolves,
though sadly, this is a lesson they have since forgotten.
They turned their attentions to larger animals, many times
stronger and more dangerous than they. Some hunted
bison; others, deer. One group were called the mammoth
people, and their lives revolved around the hunting of the
great furred mammoths.

In much the same way as wolves might, many humans
would cooperate; using clever strategy and their human
tools, they would tire and then kill the great mammoths.

At first, we felt that this was good. One mammoth beast
would keep many humans warm and fed. Although the
humans did not treat their prey with the respect that a

hunter should, they did little harm. They used all parts of
the fallen prey to make their clothes, weapons and dens,
and this was good. We never thought that the humans
would be so foolish as to hunt too many beasts.

It was long before we realized the effects of our lack of
vigilance. When next Garou traveled the runs of the
mammoth, they found few left, and those few were mostly
old or sick. There were no calves. Stunned, the Red Talon
Philodox, Runs-Wisely, tried to save what few mammoths
had survived and to prepare them for the coming spring
hunts of the human tribes. Next, Runs-Wisely traveled to
the humans to tell them that they must not hunt. Again,
the Red Talons were shocked — not by how few humans
there were, but by how many. The tundra was dotted with
settlements like a diseased skin.

Undaunted, the Red Talons approached the human
leaders, and told them they must not hunt mammoth this
season. The human gestured to show the Red Talons how
many of her people were cold: "This year we have even
more people who need to be warm."

Runs-Wisely was a gentle creature; he left to ponder the
human's words. He was a clever Garou, but he was unable
to solve the puzzle, unable to imagine how far the humans
would go in their selfishness and short-sightedness. And so
it was that, in the next hunting season, no one was there to
defend the last of the mammoths as the humans hunted
them down with ambushes and spears.

tently // 4

When Runs-Wisely returned to see how the mammoths the good of Gaia. That is how it should be. But I would
had recovered, he found one old, bald, bull mammoth left. _ never give a human such a boon today.
All the others were dead. He spoke with the old bull, who Imagine the scene: A small human herd with its con-
told him of the coming of the humans, year after year, and structions of ice, wood and stone. Around a fire they sit and
the slaughter of his family. Still, Runs-Wisely could not _ standas the ancient night closes in. They look at the moon,

understand the human behavior. fearful to find that it is full. Quickly they count their
Together, the Garou and the mammoth traveled to the numbers, accounting for all their pack.
human settlement to talk again with the leader there. The warriors shake their heads, knowing that it was a

When Runs-Wisely asked the leader what had happened, —_ bountiful spring, and that magy human pups play around
the leader told him of the great winter cold, and how the the fire, tied by thongs of hide,iga post in the middle of the
people had needed all the furred-skins to survive. Runs- _ village; too many. These i are sent inside, to wait
Wisely felt a black anger rise in his stomach as he asked, _ together in the hall. If th e to come, it will be
"But how will you survive the next winter when all the tonight.

" .
mammoths are dead? The warriors sharpei
sit around the built-up}

join them. All know t

repair axes, as they

rs of the children
tile; the wolf-men
and too fast. They
is night, at another

"We will hunt another beast," the woman replied.

Only then did Runs-Wisely understand.

Asthe humans speared the last, old, bald bull mammoth, _(as they knew us then)
Runs-Wisely forgot wisdom, and slew humans on all sides hope that the hunters hu
with teeth and claws and pure anger. Runs- Wisely was slai: ement.

eventually by many human weapons. Many spears and ight wears on, asleep, one by one,

pierced his flanks as the humans harried, tired and the glowing embef§yeach one believing tha

down until he could fight no more. ept wa long engugh, that they are g
This was the first time that humans had q wo men remain awakg, staring at each ot

and was to be the event that ignited the Impergium... the firelight. They are bothald men, and they kno
which had been a long time coming. Finally, the homid —_ wolves will come. A child will Wig tonight.
Garou were presented with an undeniable example of Never, in all our years as their Shepherds, did we
human power and depravity. A Garou was dead, and an _ theirs as now th . In those'imes, we werd
animal kin extinguished because of human need. The —_ numerg ad they wee less. Red J
Silver Fangs could no longer ignore our pleas for direct —_roag f out Gaia's pill, pre-
control of the humans. A grand moot was held, and the becoming t8gfmany. We
Impergium was ordered. 0 understood; it Was the way,
Humans have driven many more beasts to their extinc- _ the balane Be kept. But they, the hurpans, were
tion since the Impergium. Our "enlightened" homid cous-__ of the Wyrm from the very beginning. Some Rd Talons
ins see this but do not act. We bear this foolishness as we __knew that then; all know it now. Yet still we killed only
tolerate all the excesses of the homids: with little regardand some, maintaining their numbers as we would ‘ay other
ion. But our Rage grows. beast under our care.
; Many counseled for utter eradication of the humans
from Gaia. Despite what many have said since, this was
never the desire of the Red Talons. I know what my aftcient
They mostly come tt m brothers and sisters felt about the humans: they wergherd
— Newt, Aliens & and a special problem. Herd animals should riot be
Our glory is past. The Impergiungis over. We Were - even these humans who had/done
the wolf in every fold, the huntef and the shepherd. We"""sugha SI be repaired.
were the lords of the earth. Now we die, and Gaia groans I grin wil D he x
under the weight of swollen flgtks. The Impergium was a
time of greatness, a time whgf thé hateful humans under-
stood their place — or rag@r, we Understood it and made
them see our understafiding. | wolves were
proud, and humans wereearful spected them
the péspects ugh these
Ves and hi — these
dnd trees, them in

crimes that angered those
abominations that we now see, horrors*that'¥
the old Talons to slay humans in their ack But the
Talons then felt that the destruction of every human was
against Gaia's law, as had been the humans' destruction of
the mammoths.

Now, we feel differently about humans. They have
waived their right to the protection of Gaia and become a
re to die, a olvestell disease. No longer can we pick the diseased creatures from
musbdie, and hwasfor — theirherd —all the herd is diseased. We leave them quietly

Chapter One: The Long Defeat 21

aaa ai ceamaromaa aaa «


to die, and yet they do not. It is not the Red Talons who
have failed; it is all Garou.

Yet we bear this burden as we bear the others: with
silence and strength. But our Rage grows.

Betrayal and the End of the
Jmpergium

It is easy to see why the Red Talons believe that compro-
mise is betrayal. The first betrayal was the first compromise,
and so it has been since. It is said, by Children of Gaiz
others, that the Impergium was our great mistake (th
course, deny personal blame). If such is the case, then we
Talons welcome the accusations. We would begin anew
today had we the numbers. I say, however, that the great
mistake was ending the Impergium. Had it been main-
tained, then to this day Gaia would remain pure, and the
humans would be no more or less a part of the balance and
pattern of all life.

and

y, of

Why should the humans have no predator, yet breed out
ofall proportion? Yet the hunt was ended. The tribes were
tricked and influenced by the homid Children of Gaia,
Stargazers and others — all born of human. By the time the
Red Talons were recalled from their tireless duty as shep-
herds for the human flocks, the decision was made. The Red
Talons arrived at a great moot to find homids congratulat-
ing each other on the success of their "peace."

These homids had mistaken inaction for peace, as always
they do. Peace is not to be found in stillness. It is a noble
thing to seek peace, that is sure, but it is found in the eyes
of the dying moose that is your meal, or in the silence of a
forest glen, or in the myriad smells of snow with the return
of winter. The homids knew nothing of peace — they had
betrayed all Garou and Gaia.

We bear this insult as we bear any other: with bitterness
and regret. But our Rage grows.

Che Culling Continues

We did not fight then; there were too many Garou who
opposed us, although many of us wanted to fight. We
withdrew and held a moot of our own. Other lupus were
present, but the numbers were ours. There we made a
decision. Most of the Red Talons refused to accept the
Children of Gaia's initiatives, and continued to cull the
human flocks. Alone or in small packs, they visited the
settlements that other Garou had already visited spreading
their message of peace. The Red Talons waited quietly for
the other Garou to leave, hiding in the forest. None can
find a Red Talon in the wilderness when she does not want
to be found. After the homids left, my ancestors descended
on the humans, picking young and old, sick and injured as
their targets. Those final days of the Impergium were
bloody indeed, and many more humans were taken than
was needed to cull their flocks.

22 Red Talons

A ——— ae / 4


Much meat was buried beneath the snow, for in those

times, human meat was still sweet, free from toxins and
Wyrm spittle. | think that the Talons who killed in those
final days of the Impergium knew, somewhere deep inside,
that this was a last and futile chance to stave off the human
assault on Gaia. And they tried... with fang, heart and blood.
What those Garou who clamored for the ending of the
Impergium did not understand is that they are responsible
for the weakening of the human animal. Humans multiply,
and many become fat and lazy, sick and weak. When we
were their masters, we killed such infirm among them, as we
might kill sick caribou or buffalo, and kept their living
numbers strong. Sometimes we would take healthy men or
women when the mood took us, but culling usually kept the
humans not only manageable but healthy and resilient.
These days, one small sickness could wipe them out.
After the Impergium had ended, the humans grew more
and more to rely on their tools and constructions to protect
them from and reshape the world. Even things in which we
find joy —
brush away.

now, wind — the humans shut out and

n,

The humans are a herd, like any other. They are a herd
that has grown beyond imagining, beyond terror. They
have grown this way because we have not been allowed, by
our less wise and short-sighted cousins, to prey upon them.
It is not that their flesh is special — I have tasted it, and it
carries little nourishment. It is better, true, after having

been buried for several days in the black earth; the fat
comes away from the meat more easily. But human flesh is
full of tastes and smells that make most of us sick.

But the herd is no longer culled, and the hunters are held
back from their task by short-sighted homids. We bear this
hurt as we bear any other: with anger and mourning. But
our Rage grows.

The War of Rage

Perhaps this final act was meant

To clinch a lifetime's argument

That nothing comes from violence

And nothing ever could

— Sting, "Fragile"

There has always been some enmity between wolves and
bears, between Garou and Gurahl. We never saw eye to eye.
The great war between the Garou and the other changers
was a sad time. The Silver Fangs were responsible for the
war, but even then, we doubted their voice. We were never
convinced by the voice of any homid, be he Silver Fang or
Glass Walker. We had to protect our caerns.

The war was bloody, and the Gurahl and others struck back
at more than just the Silver Fangs. Our Kinfolk were attacked
in retaliation for the war, easy victims for the Gurahl and their
allies. This we could not tolerate, and sadly, we joined the
conflict in defense of wolves under our protection.


A

a AA

Though the Garou claim victory in the wai
Talons are not proud of our part in it.
territory and many caerns that h:

Gurahl, but were not glad. l

ght with the Corax, the
and many of us follow
and we allow him

wereravens. Ravens are our frien|
the Raven. He teaches our pups t4
to pick the bones of our kills. Red
at tthe time of the war, in secret caer
Some Corax counseled that we
Gurahl to resist the Silver Fangs. }
and the Red Talons sadly drove
turning their backs on the slaugh

Many modern Garou blame the
that, because we advocated the I
might is our way, we had a great part
wrong, but theizignoran

silence and hatred

The Rise of t

T know, that the sunset empire shudd
T know, there's a floodgate ar

I say, see the silence of ¢

I say, hear the pu

sometimes you're beaten to #

sometimes you're taken to the walt

but you don't give in

— Midnight Oil, "Sometimes"

We have seen Gaia die around us in ways that my
ancestors never dreamed. When, for a time, the dead look
out through my eyes and see the world as it is now, I feel
their anguish course through my crippled body.

After the Impergium and War of Rage, the Red Talons
retreated to the wildest parts of the world. We had spilt
enough blood and could do no more, since our efforts
against the humans were halted.

We then recognized our privileged duty as the protectors
of the secret and sacred places still left. We sought to defend
the wilderness, not to attack the problem. We understand

d have tried harder to warn the
would not have listened to us. They kept
Our counsel, and we kept ours.

en again Red Talons emerged to see, what it was the

forests were plu

by the absence of Gaia. She has fled these
Weaver and Wyrm, and will not return.

Now these offenses are everywhere. Every day, forests
die and the concrete scab swells. The earth's skin grows
hard, and the creatures flee, leaving only the accursed
humans and their Weave epfnaster. It is said that the Wyrm

e Weaver has become insane also,
e Wyld remembers anything about
fe cannot maintain the balance when
in. The homids say the Weaver is mis-
is the slave of the Wyrm. I say that homids
id, that many of them are slave to the Weaver.
no excuse that either the Weaver or the homids
‘offer that can satisfy the Red Talons.

We bear this hypocrisy as we bear all hurts: with insight

ind purity. But our Rage grows.

New Wilderness

Itis said among Red Talons that there will be new blood,
but there will never be new land. It is said, therefore, that
a spill blood to save land is a bargain well struck.

Dnce, there was a new land.
tis well known that the first Garou in the new wilder-

e Wendigo, the Uktena and the Croatan. It is a
fortune that the Red Talons arrived in the new

A Galliard, Sky-Runner, was the first to
bores of the new wilderness, and was

fought in her old home:
Atfirst, there was coopéfation between Sky-Runner and

ian paradise. With the help of

and the first Red Talons to co!
are still kept sacred today.
length of the new land, marvel

There was envy in some, that t
special land where no Red Taléh
mostly it was wonder that filled

Red Talons

——

Lf

Meanwhile, the European Garou and their Kinfolk were
establishing settlements of their own. Land was claimed by
violence between them and the

humans, and there was
native peoples. Red Talons paid this little heed, as violence
between humans has never been our concern. The Pure
Ones felt a need to protect their Kinfolk, as did the
European Garou. Humans were responsible for the war,
though the Garou involved showed no great reluctance to
fight. Also, the lupus of this new land were unready for the
anger of the Red Talons. They did not understand our
commitment, our smoldering Rage. We had been at war for
as long as they had been at peace. This divide persists, even
to this day, and separates us from those who might other-
wise be our greatest allies.

So it was that war broke out between the Pure Ones and
the Garou from Europe. Many believe that the Red Talons
fought with the invading Garou on their side. The truth is
less simple. Some Red Talons fought with the invaders,
while a few fought with the Pure Ones, expressing pent-up
Rage against their European cousins. Most of the Red
Talons declined to enter the war, dismissing it as homid
politics. However, the Red Talons feel little of the remorse
that is now felt over that conflict. To us, it was homid
slaying homid in pride. The blood that soaked the earth
made rich the grasse:

The defense of the new wilderness was a different matter.
There were mighty realms of the wild to be found in this
new place. Although human Kinfolk of the Pure Ones had
lived here for many centuries, they had not had changed
the earth as had the humans who lived in our old home.

And there were wolves. Wolves who at first were blind

to our kinship with them. Soon, however, the Red Talons

established packs and territories and began to make their

gentle but firm mark on the new wilderness.

Although the Wyld was strong in this place when first
we arrived, the Weaver quickly took hold, and the humans
from Europe demonstrated they had learned nothing from
their meeting with new peoples. It was the sheer speed and
ferocity with which the wilderness was destroyed that
forced the Red Talons to abandon the policy of defense and
protection that had existed since the end of the Impergium,
and to go back to an earlier and purer idea.

The humans had to be stopped or completely wiped out.
In this notion, we had some support from the Wendigo,
who are perhaps closest to us in the way they think, but the
Europeans opposed us again. There was some conflict at the
time, but the European Garou had far gr
we were again rendered impotent: We have always been too

ater numbers, and

few, but few can accomplish much. Especially if those few
are Red Talons and their Rage is true.


iminishment, Slaughter
and Gaia's Laws

The rest of our history, that of recent times, has been sad
and punctuated by loss. We remain angry, but our anger is
cooled by constant tears. Well named is this history: "The
Long Defeat." All around us we see the proof of our
inadequacy, evidence of the defeat of the Garou. Humans
prosper under the tender care of the Wyrm. Wolves dimin-
ish and are slaughtered.

Always we have followed Gaia's laws. Why is it that we
are punished for our loyalty and the humans are rewarded
for their ignorance and greed? The humans have breached
Gaia's laws, causing the extinction of beasts by misguided
hunting and mindless massacre. There is a law under Gaia,
a law that changes beasts as the years pass, a law by which
all creatures change with the changing world. The humans
try to understand this law, calling it "natural selection" and
"evolution." Such words mean nothing to us. The Glass
Walkers claim to understand the law, saying that the:
prosper because they follow this law. But humanity i
force that changes them.

The Red Talons understand this law, this pri
change in a changing world. The Red Talons def@nd@
law, allowing creatures to live under Gaia. Buy
change. We are the Red Talons. It is the one |;

epot obey. And we will suffer for it... one

Red Talons

A Yew Impergium

Doyounotsee the bitter irony of the day? The Impergium
has returned, but it is the humans who practice it upon us.
What are our numbers now? The Garou are too few. The
Red Talons are even fewer. Daily our homes are burned and
our Kinfolk slaughtered. This is the Impergium in truth.
We run to the national parks. What is this but cowardice?
What is this but captivity?

There is only one way. We must turn this around, tear
down the cages and bite the masters. We must admit the
horror of our situation and use what strength we have to
tear out their throats. We are still strong. No human could
stand against us. Even the Red Talons alone could still do
what must be done, if it were not for you other Garg
standing in our way saying, "Hold, there is another wg

There is no other way.

We must cut out the infection from Gaia, a
infection is humanity. They are uncontrolled and

rollab e only answer is to kill every last
Wyrm. Then we can heal G:
st talk to me of reconciliay
be Red Talons unders
m better than any.
ore we have healing)
@poison into the woul
you must clean the wound. It is nO\yogd to believe h
will change. They will not. They ha¥@had the freedonpro
change, and they become more arrogaN, more evil efery
new day. The Impergium must return. Argwe to be greda-
tors or prey?

me ay 1


a 2A

The Red Talons
and the Apocalypse

He told of death as a bone white haze,

Taking the lost and the unloved babe

Late too late all the wretches run

These kings of beasts now counting their days.

From mother's love is the son estranged

Married his own, his precious gain

The earth will shake in two will break

And death all around will be our dow'ry

— Queen, "The Prophet's Song"

The Apocalypse. Spoken of by the great lorespeakers of
all the tribes. A time when the earth will boil and the trees
will be laced with fire. Waiting for the signs of the Phoenix?
I tell you it is happening now. This is the Apocalypse, and
we are losing. The Red Talons, the Garou, we are all dying.
There will be no great final battle but this. That is not the

way of Gaia. The Garou — unless some great effort can be

mustered, unless some great realization can overcome them
— will simply and slowly disappear. There will be none to
witness the end. That is the way of such things.

The tragedy of the Red Talons is that we are being defeated.
Weare losing the battle to an enemy beneath contempt. The
soft, pink, defenseless humans have proven themselves more
than a match for red fangs and quick claws. While the humans
breed and overrun the earth, we Red Talons die out. It is as
though Gaia has forgotten us. It is as though we have no place
in her plan. Refusing change, we must cease to be.

But the plan has gone awry, and we have not forgotten
Her. Even though the Theurges see our end, the Red Talons
will keep fighting. Our Rage is endless. Our Rage sees no
reason. Our Rage knows no restraint. Wait not for a sign.
The time to Rage is now.



"Paths in

A few still hunt way out beyond philosophy

where nothing is sacred till it is your flesh

— Les Murray, "The Conquest"

I have spoken with many different Garou. The stories
that are not mine have been well remembered by me, but are
the words of others. I know less of such matters than I would
like, but the Red Talon blood in my veins lends me enough
insight to present the wisdom of my elders so that you
homids might understand. Where I can, | will tell youwhich
great lupus it was that told me the thing that now I tell you.

The Terror of Two Legs

The Theurge, Stands-Against-the-Stream, amighty and
revered Red Talon, told me the following thing. This is her
wisdom and not mine:

"Much is said by homid Garou about the terror of the
Change. They whine like pups, and talk of the fear they had

Chapter Two: Paths in the Snow

[PE Se Saar cy.

when they found they were of wolf. | laugh at them. There
is no fear in finding that you have a grace, balance and
speed that you never had before. It is the lupus who knows
real terror of the Change —I have not been so scared since

then. Not of any Wyrm creature or human cruelty. When

I found I was of human, I felt terror and shame.
"Humans had killed my wolf mother, and I thought,
‘How can I be one?' After the Change came on meand I had
killed the hunters in my first Rage, | came back to myself.
I lay naked in the snow in my two-legs form for the first
time, muscles screaming, covered in blood that coated my
skin as if it were fur. The wind cut me like daggers, and the
snow burned me with its cold. I tried to stand but could only
fall, slip and roll. | could smell nothing and hear only the
wind. I wanted to die.


Scare saree reno erence ire are are oe Nara removes treme

"But no true wolf wants to die. That is the way of the
humans; we abhor such weakness. | crawled on my human
limbs to a fir branch in the snow and pulled it over me to
keep the wind away. So I used my first hated tool, and came
to understand the humans better. | lay there, unable to
change, not knowing what creature I was, woman or wolf,
until my father came and found me. That was true terror.
But there was to be more.

"When I first had changed, I had still thought as a wolf.
Later, I realized that I must think like an ape. I cannot take
my wolf mind into my ape body. Humans have devious and
clever minds. I want none of this. When I am on two legs,
my mind is more like a human woman than the alpha wolf
Lam. This is more frightening than you can understand."

Here she backed away, hackles raised and lips drawn
back to reveal fangs, frightened by her own words. She
would say no more for several hours.

(Dominance and Hierarchy

Red Talons, like our wolf brethren, have strong laws — a
strict system of leadership and hierarchy. Although it is
always clear to each member of a pack what his or her
particular rank is, the alpha does not always determine what
the pack will do. An older Talon who, though past her

prime, has knowledge of the territory in which the pack is
about to travel, may lead the pack for a time. Deference to
the alpha is demonstrated by the way a Talon holds her body.

When approaching the alpha, a young Red Talon must
stay low, in head, body and tail. The pup might nuzzle the
alpha or rest his head on the alpha's back. If the pup is
feeling the need for particular submission, he might take
the alpha's muzzle in his mouth and gently squeeze it. In
turn the alpha will stand higher than the pup and tolerate
his affections. It is never necessary for a Red Talon to use
clumsy, inexact human speech to communicate such rela-
tions. We learn these things as pups and never forget them.
There is more in the glance of an alpha, in the way he holds
his tail, than can ever be said in human talk.

Among the Red Talons, it is a matter of great import that
a leader emerge for each pack. That Garou will be the
strongest and wisest Talon, the best able to lead the pack
successfully against the Wyrm. Red Talons who mingle in
packs made from the members of other tribes must content

themselves with the games and laws of other Garou. But
when the Red Talons are alone, they have no use for
Gamecraft or other such folly.

It is clear most of the time who is best suited to lead the
pack. Those with the healthiest coat, the fullest stride, the
whitest teeth and the brightest eyes will be alpha. Other

30 Red Talons

|


Garou can see these things, these marks of strength and
health. These signals cannot lie. Gaia does not lie. When
itis clear who is to be alpha there is no fighting. Red Talons
are not so foolish as to risk precious Garou blood fighting
against an outcome that is preordained.

Sometimes, however, it is not so clear. There might be
two or more Garou, each of whom has a healthy coat and
sharp fangs, and each of whom would be alpha. Still the
Talons do not fight each other, for though we can often be
found fighting homids to make them see their ignorance,
we do not willingly fight each other. When conflict must
occur over who is to be alpha, the two Talons involved
assess each other's ability in ways that do not usually kill or
injure either Garou. No Red Talon has been known to
engage in a klaive duel, at least not with another Red
Talon.

Red Talon facedowns consist of a series of rituals that are
designed to test the two Garou who are vying for the
position of alpha. First they might walk up and down
together, watching each other for signs of weakness. This is
ks down, they might
next stand eye to eye or nose to tail, reading each other's

as far as many contests go. If neither be

scent and face. Only if many such rituals are passed and each
Garou still judges himself to be the equal of the other does
a fight begin. There is no duplicity in these contests. No
Garou can hide his true condition from the practiced eye of

a Red Talon alpha and a pack of would-be followers.

yw

The Pack

So, in this moon, we climb the hills

lift our eyes toward the Wolf Trail

and remember that our lives

and songs are stronger

when we are together.

— Joseph Bruchac and Jonathan London, "Thirteen
Moons on Turtle's Back"

Ihave heard that humans compare the associations that
they make with each other to the packs that wolves create.
In this, as in all other things, they are wrong. Wolf packs
and the packs of the Red Talons are sacred groups. To-
gether we are more than what we would be were we alone.
The pack is strong. When a single pack is made entirely
from Red Talons there are connections that no homid
could understand. Every inch of my body speaks to those
packmates that know me. My scent tells them whether I am
happy or afraid, my eyes speak to their eyes. When we howl
together, the sound is the anguish of Gaia Herself.

We lie together on warm rocks as the sun sets, and each
Garou knows his or her place. This knowledge gives strength
and security. The special wisdom of each Talon is useful to
the pack; we are not so proud that we cannot learn from one
another. The young learn from the old; this is natural, and
even the humans have learned this trick. But in the pack it


is different. The knowledge that passes is absolute, not
changed or governed by jealousy and prejudice. There are no
lies in the pack. If there is disagreement, then the two Garou
involved settle their differences, usually without bloodshed.

The pack is dangerous — dangerous to others, dangerous
to its prey. The humans have forgotten just how dangerous
we are.

We metis are often refused the security of the pack. I feel
the absence of such succor too greatly to doubt its importance.

Camps

If the answer isn't violence

Then neither is your silence

— Pop Will Eat Itself, "Ich Bin Ein Auslander"

Factions such as camps are human ideas, homid perver-
sions. Wolves are not creatures of politics, and neither are
the Red Talons. Nevertheless, these ideas have infiltrated
our tribe, and thus we have camps.

Most of us do not admit that these camps exist, saying
that their names come from the lies of the homid tribes
trying to understand us. Among the Red Talons, the
boundaries among the camps are difficult to distinguish,
and what one Red Talon believes may actually fall under
the auspices of several of the camps. Camp members may
not identify themselves as such or even admit that camps
exist, but we are an angry group and, inevitably, factions

develop. Sometimes these factions are shortlasting, and

disappear before they can be truly recognized. It is thus hard
to accurately describe the beliefs of a particular group.
Those that can be named are the longest enduring of the
Red Talon groups, with many members at any one time.
The camps are not as important or as organized as they
appear to be in the other tribes — but they do exist. We hide
them for shame, not because we do not know of them.

The Lodge of
the Predator Kings

The Red Talons who are most adamant about the abso-
lute and utter destruction of humans and their society are
generally thought to be members of the Lodge of the
Predator Kings. They claim to remember an older time
when the apes knew their place — in the trees — and
wolves roamed supreme over Gaia's mantle, with only
other mighty predators to fear and respect. They believe
that an alliance with the other animal breed changers —
other predators — is the only way to halt the ascendance of
the homid Garou and their Kinfolk.

The Lodge members prefer to run as Hispo, claiming
that this is the true form of all Red Talons of old. In this
way they demonstrate their shame of the wolf of today.
Gaia took the dire wolf from her mantle; now, only the
Garou walk in its tracks. But it is gone. The wolf remains.
This we must remember.

|

a 2A

Corn Ear Speaks:

Gaia needs us, now more than ever before. Animals are
strong — stronger than they know — but they must be led.
They require fighters to lead them in battle against their
tormentors, captors and enemies. We are those leaders.
Gaia has untapped armies, waiting for the leadership of
lupus, feline and ursine. We are the ancient sentinels, the
forgotten generals.

The way to victory is through the mustering of the forces
of Gaia Herself and the minions of the Wyld. The humans
hand-feed the Wyrm, and still the Garou do not act. It is
is left because humans

useless to protect what wildernes
will not stop. There is no choice left. No room for choice.
There is no compromise.

The Warrers of the Land

The Red Talons who are called Warders of the Land
make up the bulk of my small tribe. This is the most tenuous
and least obvious of the groups because it consists of all
those Red Talons who are not obviously members of the
Lodge of the Predator Kings or of the Whelp's Compromise.

Some Warders of the Land argue that what wilderness
remains is best protected through defense; others argue that
the only way to protect the Wyld is to attack the humans
outright. The Warders are aware of the balance of Gaia and
the natural laws. They try to see things in this light, make
decisions and take actions that consider this balance.

Bloodmoon's Creed:

I have only one answer to the question that all Garou
: We must kill. Humans are not special; they are
not important. They are beasts that have grown too great.
They have come too close to the sacred places; they do not
see that all wilderness is sacred to us. We are the Warders.
We must guard what remains. We are the hunters. We must
cull the herd. We must kill.

Whelp's Compromise

The only group in the tribe that could truly be called a
camp is the Whelp's Compromise. Called by the homids
the "anti-extinction faction," they are a group of young
Talons who have taken on many homid ideas and behav-

must fact

iors. They argue like homids, and do not show respect for
their elders. They have no pride, and, when challenged by
an alpha or other elder, immediately roll and show their
throats. In this way they ensure that they are not hurt by the
elders, who cannot betray this most sacred of behaviors.
And so they practice their profanity freely. We are unable
to silence these few, feeling it is better to keep them within
tribal packs rather than to allow them to move among the
other Garou, threatening the name and honor of the Red
Talons.

|


|

—— 2A

One-Leaf-Ear is Heard:

Tobeasmall wolfamongst such great ones is ever daunting.
We have found a way to make ourselves heard, however. We
have stopped fighting our elders, giving in to them while they
are present and changing our voices as soon as they leave. We
are accused of every evil: that we are like homids, like humans
or even agents of the Wyrm. We are not traitors. We believe
in the Red Talons, but we would not see ourselves waste our
energies in one useless attack against the unassailable might of
humanity. Surely such an effort would result in the end of the
Red Talons and not the end of the human disease. Further-
more, we would not have the Red Talons reduced to humanity's
level. Humans are the only creature that forces its might onto
other creatures so insanely, driving them to extinction. We
would not do this to them. I would not have my tribe do such
things. Then truly the Wyrm would laugh at us.

Cotems
Griffin

You call him Griffin, and maybe he once was. To you, he
isa beast of legend, from the myths of human heroes. To us,
he is everything that is noble in the animal, in the hunter.
He is the talons and the fangs, the muscle and sinew —
his life. Gri
ahunter and a warrior. We are hunters and warriors. When

nis

those things with which the beast mak.

the humans paint Griffin, they draw a fearsome beast. That
he is, and so are we. They would do well to fear us.

We remember Griffin in our moots and when we make
our kills. We invoke his name in a sacred howl before we
begin a hunt or an act of war, for his spirit guides us best in
these activities. Sometimes a Red Talon becomes so in-
fused with the spirit of Griffin that we perform a
dedicating him to do the work of the tribe. The Talon then

cred rite,

runs alone and slays all creatures of the Wyrm he can find.
Eventually he dies. Griffin understands this.

Ol? Wolf of the Woods

The story of Old Wolf of the Woods is known well to the
Red Talons. One of our greatest totem spirits, this ancient
hunter stalks the woods of the Umbra and enacts the sacred
lifepath of the wolf. He is the guardian of our spirit, and
understands the cycles and rhythms of Gaia like no other.
We remember him as the shadow wolf, the ever-wolf, and

he is inall of usas he is in our wolf brethren. When the time
of the Apocalypse is upon us, Old Wolf of the Woods will
come back to Gaia and fight for his children.

Old Wolfof the Woods is a strange spirit. He is both totem
and ancestor, creature and spirit. He makes his home in the
deepest Umbral forests that is all woods. Born from the
womb of Gaia, he has taken on the forms of many Garou in
his long life. When he is old and no longer hale enough to
take part in the hunts of his realm, he chooses a Red Talon
to lay him to rest and assume his mantle. So the cycle goes.

34


Breeds

Wolves may be unique in having markedly different
human personalities. In human terms, some are more
aggressive or shyer or moodier, and pack society allows
these individual temperaments to mature.

— Barry Lopez, Of Wolves and Men

Almost all of the Red Talons are lupus. There have
never been any Red Talon homids, nor do the Red Talons
have any human Kinfolk. Very rarely are Red Talon metis
born, and even more rarely are they allowed to survive.
Even in these desperate times, among a tribe that under-
stands its scarcity only too well, the arrival of a metis cub is
met with anger and violence.

Lupus

Stands-Against-the-Stream has spoken of being lupus:

"We are born of wolf, and we die of wolf. When we sleep,
it is as wolf. We can take the two-legs form, with no fur, no
balance, no smells, but we do not like to. We are fastest,
strongest and safest with four paws planted strongly on the
snow. As lupus, we run with our brethren. As lupus, we
mate with them, and stave off the day when our line will
fail. There are not many of us; there are not fnany wolves.
It has been said that we should mate with hurfan packs and
make homids — this would not work, and w@igould not do
it. Better to die lupus than be born homid,

"Wupus is a mighty creature, and get
balagi€e that comes from our understa earth.
We sii low to the ground; we are nevg fe can
sep ings we cannot describe to Is or

t senses that go beyond tl u
‘e know where our prey
now this? you ask. Yo
calculating human.
of it. We know."

us isa

ithout bitterness that treatment

y tribe. Rarely are such @peatures as | born, but

is our survival. Most packs would slay metis

eating the dead cub to géturn the tortured flesh to

id so as to not waste 1 ask you, how can one

Ose parents both are lyptis not be lupus? | am no hybrid,

no monster of homigéind lupus, not even a mule who was

made by differen
their own sh

eyenetfflowed the posi
pack at a distance, to pick
them with ravens. I will nevei

at makes them dri;
of the

Sometimes I hate my packmate!

is in me and Lunderstand.

tibes, yet | am metis. | am scorned. It is.

The Auspices

All that is now

All that is gone

All that's to come

and everything under the sun is in tune

but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.

— Pink Floyd, "Eclipse"

The shapes of the moon that govern our whelping are
those that make our place in the pack. All packs need all
moons; packs that lack a moon are weaker than those that
are whole.

Each Garou has a role to play, bestowed by Luna when
she blesses him with the mark of the Garou. It is foolish to
think that Ragabash is like Ahroun or that Theurge is like
Philodox.

Ragabash (The Invisible Moon)

The New Moon is my auspice: It is the Invisible Moon,
for on such nights it is very dark, and we hunt by scent
alone. Our prey cannot see us in the dark, and when we
move into the wind it cannot smell us. We are invisible.
We Ragabash have a special place among our packs and
tribe. The Red Talons, more than any other tribe of Garou,
have a strict hierarchy. The alphais ruler, and is seldom
ever, a Ragabash. Our role is to be the only Garou a
to question the alpha. We may ridicule, embarrass af
about the alpha. When she responds with a chal
never hoping to be alpha ourselves, respond submi
acknowledging her dominance. In this way we

dership of the alpha without threat
tal to the survival of the g
is sipb a esl eater

sight in the hunt, but we can Hie,
this moon that the spirits whisper
quiet and still, we can hear them.
nights can understand them.
F ‘
Stands-against-the-Stream is a Crescent mn:
"The way of the Theurge is the way of . We bear a
great e no is ours, and secrets ‘that can be
Beyen those of our wn packs.
the future, but We can say
Her pack while}
e spying and Stalking
bat.the pack is
t be merciful and give
x/ eart of the Red
jarou and the heart of Gaia Herself."

Chapter Two: Paths in the Snow

EE


Philodox (Che Traveling Moon)

This is the night of half-light. It is light enough for our
prey to see us, but not as well as on other nights to come. It
is time to move across the land; the hills and trees are seen
in their beauty. Packmates are seen nearby; their eyes meet.
It is a time for family.

Torn Ear is a Half Moon:

"You may think that | will talk of balance. The balance
of the half moon, the balance of human and wolf? All Red
Talons understand balance, the balance of Gaia. 1am more
wolf than human, and no creature walks the middle line
exactly. What is Philodox that no other Talon is? Philodox
is tolerance. Not always, but when needed. Philodox can
listen to any point of view and make judgments based on
what he hears. When I strike, it is after | have considered
the matter before me. When my pack strikes, it is after it has
listened to my ruling. Philodox is sometimes alpha, some-
times not. When Philodox talks to the pack, all listen. If
this is balance, then Philodox is balance."

Galliar? (Che Howling Moon)

The light is growing. Alll can be seen but the shadows.
What prey do the shadows hide? It is time to howl, to
summon the pack and to scare the prey from hiding. C
beauty makes us cry. It is time to howl

Scent-of-Red-Snow is a Gibbous Moon:

"The keeper of the howl isa sacred duty. A Galliard must

do this so that the howl never ceases. When | do not give
voice, the howl resounds inside my belly, growing in strength
so that when | open my jaws, the howl bursts forth and all
that hear comprehend my Rage and love. The Galliard
must know much. It falls to me to teach the pups and to
chronicle the deeds of the pack, lest we should fall. We use
no writing, for such kills a tale. The only living tale is that
told from wolf to wolf. I was born under the dying of the
gibbous, and my songs are dire. I sing mainly of death, but
such songs need not be so baleful. The death of a prey is a
sacred thing, and I must sing of the chase and of the bravery
of the stag. All such things are my duty."

Ahroun (The Seeing Moon)

The light is everywhere. There is no hiding. A time for
boldness. The prey can meet our gaze; the hunt is honor-
able. All see our glory as we hunt; we see ourselves as we
hunt. A time of renown. A time for all to see.

Bloodmoon is a Full Moon:

"To bea Red Talon Ahroun is to be the teeth and sinew
of the earth. It is to know the taste of blood and the press
of battle. It is to be everything or nothing. The strongest
Ahroun will be alpha, leading a pack of strong Red Talons
against humans, against the Wyrm. The weaker ones will
be scapegoat, unable to lead their own packs, picking at the
scraps left by their more generous packmates. Or they will
be lone wolves, condemned to travel on their own and do
what they may for Gaia. The strongest, though, will lead.


Think carefully bei
f they areslain,

ister moon wil
In your blue
All good
all by mysel
To howl at the mg
And they reall
I'd go out of
— Sting, ‘4
Ours is a
Luna's brig!
sound of t!
thanks to
Ours is| it. No chains bind
fence can ose who tread the
hunt. Wea d sisters together. The
packmate' mell of safety. We ar:
Ours is ler's spirit. We are bound y
sacred bor una smiles upon us as we sl
the snow$We hunt together, and we are,
Red Talon packs hold moots frequent!
which the pack runs together, there ma'
night. No fires are ever kindled, no speci ded.
One Red Talon will be ritemaster, and t ie on the
stone or in the snow as she prepares heg#ite. We circle her,
as hunters might a prey; beginning far away, but getting
closer, ever closer. As we come closer, an ever decreasing
circle of pacing wolves (for we are ever in Lupus form), the
ritemaster begins the rite. Red Talons rites always end ina
howl—a long mournful howl to bind the pack together, to
tell others of our territory, to sing our anguish to Gaia.

Che Wyrm

What to say of the Wyrm? The Wyrm is all evil but all evil
isnot the Wyrm. The Wyrm kills us, kills ours and kills Gaia.
We fight as we can. We will not win, for the Wyrm defeats
us. We will not win unless the humans are driven from Gaia,
unless their cities are again sown with plants and overrun by
wild beasts. The Wyrm is in all humans. Without humans
the Wyrm could have no form. Humans are the Wyrm.

we howl together at

he sound. It is the eerie

ill giving thanks, giving
pack and to the eat

Weaver
b. find a Rd Talon who,will accept that there
er, but you would need to look hard
er has gone far beyond any such place.
‘orld without pattern — nature is
e Weaver's patterns choke and
the scaffold on which the
des the framework of
Sut the support of the Weaver, the
t have have been so victorious. There-

enemy.

4
Wyrm could ne}
fore, the Weave

The Wyle

The Wyld is aften misundé
a e Wyld is a
at the others
e Weaver
an no forcs
ces. The force d

rough the laws of
Verything that the Wyld
Be d true, but can quickly be cor-

r stolen.

te Litany

ere are Red Talons
y- It is only those Red
Arou, perhaps in multitriba
Ancient rules. Many of the Ré&
principles are similar to those of
different.
Torn-Ear has mixed with other tribes, and g
opinions about the Litany and its meaning for Red Talons:

Garou Shall Not Mate with Garou

Metis are abomination. We have no need of them.
Garou should mate only with wolves, whom they protect.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever Jt
Dwells, Wherever Jt Breeds

The Garou at the moot intone this creed and then do
nothing. I say that if you would combat the Wyrm wherever
it dwells, wherever it breeds, then come with me to its den,
to the city, and kill humans. But they do not come. We are
the only tribe that respects this law.

Respect the Territory of Another

This is the way of wolves. It is the same as to tell a wolf
tosleep with his nose out of the wind. We respect it, but we
need not be told. Our noses tell us where we should and
should not go. Others wander more often into our territory
than we into theirs.

Chapter Two: Paths in the Snow 37


Accept an Honorable Surrender

Any that roll on their backs and show their throats should
be spared. It is enough to show true submission to one's
elders. If th
cast out the off

dominant Garou is so great,

If the offender does not surrender, kill
him. If the offender is human, give him no time to surrender

Submit to Those of Higher Station

Garou must have leaders. Those leaders are the healthy
Garou and the strong, those that know how to hunt and
those that know how to fight. Other Garou should realize
this and submit themselves to just leadership.

They are tainted, we are pure. The Silver Fangs still rule,
and we follow them, though sometimes their course seems
mad. The
understand this. Isita Wyrm trick? For now, their lupusstill

e pure of blood yet weak of mind. We do not

embody the law of the wolf. Their homid are like any other
homid, and we do not follow homids.

VA
(i

The First Share of the Kill for the
Greatest in Station

The kill is a sacred thing, to be shared by all who make
up the pack. There is a proper way to eat a kill that goes
beyond the first share. Cubs must be fed, and elders. The
greatest should eat first, but all should soon partake, and all
should regurgitate for pups. Greed is the province of the
homids, and we have none of it.

Ve Shall Mot Eat the Flesh of Humans

Humans are a herd like any other but their meat is
forbidden. There are more of them, it is true. This is more,
not less, reason to hunt them down. Hunt them, but do not
eat them. Once their meat was good, but no longer.

Red Talons


Li aD NITE ET SE ESB TLS

Respect All
All Ore of

This isa poi
and any Red Ts
above, should
way? Respect
humans you,

The Ve

The Vj

protect
our hong
Yet fle
good
the Silly
to ky
the

eneath Ve -

who are of Gaia are of Gaia,

ze them. Others, beneath or

is respect if it comes only one
unt, if it is of Gaia. Forget the
their blood dries on your muzzle.

lot Be Lifted

Protect Gaia. The Veil does not

- Our Kinfolk are slaughtered and

ill the humans however you can.

ling humans sicken me. They are not

il is protected by the other Garou, by

p rule us yet. They must not be allowed

eak this law. They wrap themselves in
eir own pain, their own guilt.

fler Md People
y Sickness

fu are ignorant. Old Red Talons are kept in

by their packmates. They have wisdom we

young. We are strong. But they are old, and

. No Red Talon lives a life of solitude; all are
my that are old have survived many dangers.

The Leader May Be Challenged at
Any Cime during Peace

Among the Red Talons, the leader is the strongest. If
another is stronger, then she will be leader. This is the way
of the Red Talons. We need no challenges; we need no
games. If a Talon does not show the leader the respect he
should, then the leader will deal with him. If the leader
cannot, then another shall lead.

The Leader May Mot Be Challenged
during Wartime

All times are wartime. Gaia is dying, and the humans
have overrun the earth. There will be no more peace. The
strongest will lead.

Ye Shall Take No Action That
Causes a Caern to Be Violated

The caern belongs-to the pack. The pack belongs to
Gaia. The caern belongs to Gaia. We suffer no others to
gme to our caerns. No humans, no homids, no ot!
crealres can find the caerns of the Red Talons. The

in no Other place, is Gaia untainted. In this sacred d
will not very last Red Talon be dead,

Chapter Two: Paths in the Snow

ll _—

aararesinenenireepememminna 1



(Quan sear rae caren al rete 7 Soe A A TOPE MEW

There must be one place left in the world

Where the mountains meet the sea

There must be one place left in the world

Where the water's real and clean

There must be one place left in this world

Where we can be

— Midnight Oil, "Antarctica"

Just as wolves avoid contact with human societies, the
Red Talons tribe is an insular group. We do not mix with
other Garou often or willingly, though some Red Talons do
seek to have an influence in wider Garou politics. Never-
theless, Red Talons do come into contact with many of the
inhabitants of the world and interact with them.

Red Talons
and The World

T wish I was a nomad, an Indian or Saint,

The edge of death would disappear leaving nothing left to taint

— The Indigo Girls, "World Falls"

I know what I give below because others have told me.
One such is Scent-of-Red-Snow, a great Galliard and
traveler. She said this to a human Kinfolk:

Chapter Three: Other Territories

ee ny

"[ have seen your human world, and I know you do not
understand. Whether you are truly of the Wyrm or not
means nothing to me. You humans think you are the most
important beast on the face of Gaia. You believe you can
destroy the homes of other creatures to make more homes
for yourselves. You believe yourselves to be so important?

"We have no such delusions. Humans are not important
Red Talons are not important. Garou are not important.
Only Gaia is important, andall things on Her are important
Jo human can understand the silent

only to grace Her.
spirit of the forests. No human can understand the heaving
pain of the oceans. No human can understand

"There is nowhere for us to go. We have no sacred places
that are undefiled by the closeness of filth. Our Kinfolk and
the other beasts are forced to flee to the high mountains
before those too fall to evil. We flee with them when we
would rather fight. We are so few, and our pups are fewer.

41


we are powerless to help. We hate the

homids who keep us from their necks. We hate tHe

of sickness, and we hate the Weaver of chains. Homids and
even humans of the future will look back and see that we are
tight. It will be so clear then. But there will be no future.
Therefore, we are the Red Talons, and we hate."

Red Talon Kinfolk:
The World of Wolves

The brains of a wolf do decrease and increase with the moon.
The neck of a wolf is short which argueth a treacherous nature.
Heis exceedingly strong, especially being able to bite asunder not
only stones, but Brasse and Iron.

— Edward Topsell, A Historie of Foure-Footed Beastes

Humans do not understand wolves, and this is why they
treat them as they do. Should welii@it

Fold image of the Garou engraved
as had a bad effect on the wolf. The

truly the good fortune of the Garou or the good
planning of Gaia that we are descended from the wolf. The
aknesses that arise from our human forms are easily com-

who am more than half wolf and
ome of the deepest mysteries of

world. Herds of all beasts were the wol :
prospered. The wolf was the most populous preda
kind on the face of Gaia.

No longer.

Now the wolf lives only in the forests of Northern
America and Canada and in a few other places in Europe
and Asia. This loss has not occurred naturally, for the wolf
has no natural predator — except, perhaps, during puppy-
hood. This terrible diminishment of the home of the wolf
has been caused by the actions of humans, who cut and burn
the forests in which the wolves live and who kill our
Kinfolk with traps and guns and poisons.

glf is kept fed by its feet.

in packs. A pack has many advantages. Although not every
animal in the pack will be able to mate in his orher lifetime,
will help to raise their sister's or father's p in this

might be able to killa moe

or a crushed skull for his efforts.
likely to eat rabbits, mice and other $
however, can succeed well in hunting

Surely suffer broken ribs
itary wolves are more
all creatures. A pack,
ose or caribou.

is obvious when
prey, singling
es this is as far
» creature is

Wolves are clever creatures, and tl
they hunt. First, they approach the herd
out the creature that they will eat. Sometii
as it goes, when the wolves determine that
suitable at that moment. Next, they will mee!
their chosen prey. Once the prey recognizes th
been chosen, he will run. The wolves follow.

youare our chosen prey. We will chase you, no matter if
have vehicles to escape us. We are tireless. We will chase
you, wear you down, cut you with our teeth until you fall,
exhausted and alone. Your packmates have long aban-
e will look into your eyes, and you will
understand — only then — who you are and who we are.

We are the Red Talons.

Red Talons among Kinfolk

We move among our Kinfolk often. It falls to us to
maintain their numbers and their strength. Also, if there
were no more wolves, there would be no more Red Talons.
This isa selfish reason to protect wolves, but we also protect
them for themselves. The world would be less without
them, less even than it would be without the Red Talons.

en we travel among our Kin to find a strop

arou. mi Born, we live

Talon male wishes to mate with
of that pack, hunting and

fhat his limbs are strong and his
coat glossy. He must show §4& wolf that he is a good mate, a
good sire for her pups. Also, ust best the alpha male for
the right to choose his mate (wf is often the alpha female).
In these contests, no use of Gift§pr other Garou abilities is
allowed. The contests must be a\fair match, wolf against
wolf. If the Garou is defeated, as happens more often than
you might think, he must leave and sé@arch for another mate.

running with them, sho

Red Talons


Ifa Red Talon female seeks to mate with a wolf, then she
too must live as a member of the pack for a time. Her mate,
who is often the alpha male, must be won over by her and
must be convinced that she is a better breeding prospect
than the alpha female or any of the other females in his

The Glass Walkers, in their arrogance, claim that they

pack. This often results in conflict, which must be resolved A,
as fairly as the male contest.
Che Other Garou

Garou are the chosen of Gaia. Red Talons are those who
remain true to Her. The other Garou have lost their way.
They are still strong and greater in number than we, but
they do not hear the pulse of the seasons, the rhythms of
Gaia, as we do. They have become as the humans, separated
from that which gives them life.

There are some among their ranks who begin to under-
stand. Some Black Furies, some Wendigo, andall lupus have
listened when Red Talons have spoken, and they found that
they knew little of Gaia. Most of the others, the great bulk
of the homids, are good for little but to protect caerns and
fight each other for dominance. What good is a Garou who
are advanced. They claim that they have adapted, and will

has forgotten how to hunt? What good is a Garou who
cannot sleep on the snow for fear of a chilling death?

live on after other tribes have died. Let them live on —
their world will be one devoid of beauty and truth. Let them
negotiate what terms they can with the Wyrm; let them
acknowledge their new master. We have no need to adapt.
Red Talons are the predators at the top. We are the hunters
of Gaia; we are unchanging and eternal. We will die before
we change and compromise like the Glass Walkers.

We have nostructure for politics as do many other tribes.
No Red Talon is answerable to any but the alpha of her
pack. No alpha is answerable to any Garou. The Children
of Gaia believe this makes us weak. On the contrary, our

strength stems from the importance and influence of each
individual Red Talon to the fate of the tribe.

The Other Shapechangers

Just as every creature has its place, every one of the
changing creatures has a place on the earth. We regret the
War of Rage, and as has been recounted, we did not begin
the conflict.

Some of the other changers, Bastet and Gurahl in
particular, hide in the wilderness in places where the Red
Talons see them. We run far and are elusive. We do not tell
of the retreats of these creatures. Garou more foolish and
ignorant than we might seek a renewal of ancient hostili-
ties. We are prepared to let them be, and should the Gurahl
come to reclaim their former caerns, we will give them up.


The Wretched of the
Wyrm

What to say of the corrupted brood of the great Defiler?
They are filth. Worse than the humans, though often part
of them, such creatures are nothing to us. Everything they
touch is blighted until their bodies are torn apart and their
stuff given back to Gaia. Their corpses should not be buried
in clean ground. Dig in the concrete and asphalt of the
outermost limits of the scabs and bury their foulness there.
Gaia and time will reclaim the befouled matter.

Dampires

We have little business with Leeches. None are our
friends. We do not go to the cities where they dwell. | am
told that they prey on the humans, who are to them little
more than cattle. If they understood the sacred nature of
the hunt, the ties that bind the prey to the hunter, then
maybe they would be closer to Gaia. But we have little more
regard for them than we would for a parasite, a creature with
ng purpose and no place in the natural order. When all

umans are slain, then the Leeches will disappear.

ages
‘cis difficult to tell a mage from a normal human, sc
kgow not how many of these we kill. We are unafr
their magics. Such tricks can have no effect on the cl
of GaiawsSi arou have friends among the mages
g of no human. Mages suffe

hat should we care ii
true thata fe ing pathetically to life aft
ithas been taken from them? We will cr@age more ghosts as'
the years pass, sending human spirits to ‘their wretched,
afterlife with our claws and fangs. Perhaps thdge that die g
fright on seeing a Red Talon's anger becomesespecigfly
pathetic ghosts. A human killed by a Red Talofyis gone
forever.

Changelit

and pointles

ssand seek td
proté dl, as homids
are, by 6
that they forget ght have been
friends of Gaia long are cowards. Once,
‘one promiseduus aid in hunting a Wyrm thing in the scabs,
but two modnsilater he had forgotten his promise and even

pretended to'krfow us not. Fool.

Ja

The Deep Wilderness

T'll be the first to praise the sun,

The first to praise the moon,

The first to hold the lone coyote,

The last to set it free.

— The Indigo Girls, "Welcome Me"

The wilderness, while dark and strange even to some
Garou, is and has always been the home of the Red Talons.
It is our bed, our larder and our shrine. Its secrets are in our
minds and hearts. We know places where the laws of the
Weaver and the pollutions of the Wyrm have not yet
reached in any way. Places where the Gauntlet is a small
ledge over which we can skip freely, places where the world
has been the same since before the humans built their
nightmare palaces, places where Gaia Herself would be
proud to walk. These are our dwellings. Such places have
power and magic. Not the crude magic of the mages, or even
the nobl@inagic gifted to us by spirits that we have pleased,
but a dep, primal magic, a rhythm of birth and death that
pervad@siall of Gaia, though in the cities it is strangled,
ough we cannot hide in these secret glens, their
es us hope and fuels our anger. Should ever they
en the Red Talons' courage might fail.

uman World

int of a two year old Alaskan timber wolf,
pambasilieus
je size as the face
be month old human child.
ans fear the beast within the wolf because
fo not understand the beast within ourselves.
Gerald Hausman, Turtle Island Alphabet
lumans believe that they are different from other ani-
mals. Humans think that only they have culture, and tha
this sets them apart. What is this culture
Culture comes from Gaia as does every othi
lives. TI they claim sets
i th them. We. rg
at is culture| ee
m the natur whid

once they red. They
re the leaves. What is so different

forgotten? What\is)so different
d is not so wholesome? What is

climbed in
now, save tha
now, save thd

ine€ they were beasts as any other. They wére the
children of the Wyld as we are, as wolves are. But they'gre

tall and spurned the Wyld. They forgot the Wyld as 1
ldgt their fur. They came to love the Weaver and its web
afid snares, Ti ed their hearts t@jthe Weaver, and


Some humans take their pleasure from extinguishing life
with their weapons. One might think that we as wolves

could understand the instinct of a hunter. We are not
hunters like them. We have nothing but death reserved for
these humans. Many wolves will see no other humans in
their short lives — should you wonder that we Red Talons A,
tage against such destruction? The smartest and most
fortunate among our wolf children mark traps and baits
with the smell of their urine, warning other animals and
packs of the danger. This we do also, but we have certain
strengths missing from even the sturdiest wolf.
There is great pleasure to be gained in making the hunter
the hunted. For example, we lie on the snow together. The
hunters approach, always downwind, thinking we don't see
them. They aim and fire their cowardly weapons from what
they think is far away. (It is not as far as a howl travels.) As
soon as they have made their shots, we run and are upon
them. We run them down and exhaust them, as we might
caribou and as they do wolves in their polluting vehicles.
We run them down, chasing them until their hearts burst
or they beg for mercy. We have none to give.
Some come in the air; they are more difficult to destroy.
lonce sawa wily Ragabash defend a pack. When the human
fired at him he stood, took Homid form before their eyes
and fired back with a rusty rifle he had taken from another
of their kind. The flying humans crashed in the snow and
burned, spewing filthy smoke into the clear air. The wolves
of his pack buried the human meat in the snow, leaving its
scent so a fox would find it. The meat was not good for
wolves to eat. i

We are the Red Talons, and we exact revenge.

The Red Talon Creed

In this time of the ending of days, the Red Talons have
established a creed. It comes from the accumulated wisdom
of the many Red Talons that have served Gaia truly over
our long and sad history. It comes from the conclusions we
are forced to draw when we look around us at the world in
which we, the last Red Talons, exist.

No creature is so important that it should overshadow all
others. The humans must be shown the truth of this.

We are dying, and we must realize the truth of this. We
must not Rage against the injustice of this ending but do
what we may with our last days.

These are the last days of Gaia. These are the last days of
the Red Talons. These must be the last days of the humans.

Do not ask us when we will Rage. Ask instead what good
will remain when we have gone and our Rage is but a memory.


ene trian rinens marie ttt cnn am aman rena

Tribal Weaknesses
(Optional)

An optional rule was introduced in the first of the
Werewolf Tribebooks: tribal weaknesses. These are quirks
each member of a particular tribe possesses, usually due to
the social or even genetic nature of a tribe. Weaknesses
should not always be enforced. There are some situations
where a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher difficulty on
Social rolls. These situations may be rare, but they can
occur. For instance, Black Furies suffer from an inborn
anger against men, but a Black Fury may not feel ang

toward a man with whom she has a trusting relationship.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
appropriate situation occurs in the game. A player may be
unwilling to remind a Storyteller that her Uktena's curios-
ity will get her into trouble.

Red Talon Weakness

Wyld Affinity: Cannot regain Gnosis in cities

The Red Talons are tied closely to the wilderne:
drawing on the ebb and flow of its
Because of this, they lack an inherent connection with the

atural, spiritual life.

46 Red Talons

[PPE CPs i I ENE.

Weaver, and may not regain Gnosis within a city. The
exception to this is when they are at a caern; they may

regain Gnosis as they normally do at these sacred sites. The

Storyteller may allow them to regain a few points in the
suburbs, if he deems that the ‘burbs are rural enough.

Homid Appearance

Many Garou tribes choose their Kinfolk from a particu-
lar broad cultural group or race (e.g, the Shadow Lords with
Eastern Europeans, the Wendigo with Native Americans).
The Red Talons, being all lupus, obviously do not have
such human connections. The only time that any human
blood was introduced into the Red Talon line was long,
longago. The Red Talons state that no human was ever part
of their breeding, but this seems unlikely.

A Red Talon's Homid form is generally quite primitive-
looking. Depending on their Appearance rating, they may
look similar to other Garou's Glabro forms. Many have
pronounced brows and thick bones. Their skin can be any
color, generally determined by the climate in which they
grew up as wolves. Those witha high Appearance may have
rugged, athletic looks that somehow don't seem ugly, while
those with low Appearance may seem neanderthalish.


Age

Garou most often experience their First Change when
they hit puberty. Fora homid, that's usually between 12 and
15 years of age. For a lupus, however, it's within two to four
years after birth. A wolf matures more quickly than a
human, since its life expectancy is maybe 10 years at best.
So, lupus enter the world of the Garou with only two to four
summers of life experience. This tends to make them more
naive than homids, but they still have closer ties to their
instincts, and this tends to make up the difference.

After the First Change, all Garou age like humans. This is
a tragedy for lupus, as they see many Kinfolk wolf pack genera-
tions die natural deaths within this extended lifetime. Some-
times, a Red Talon of only 30 human years (three times the
normal wolf life expectancy) may choose the Rite of the Griffin
as ritual suicide, unable to live through the pain any longer.

Gifts

© Eye of the Hunter (Level One) — Jus:
able to assess a herd of prey animals, this Gift enables a
Garou to correctly determine the weakest and strongest
member of any group she can see. This Gift is taught by a
wolf spirit.

wolves are

System: The Garou rolls Perception + Primal-Urge
(difficulty 7). If successful, then the Garou learns which
members of a chosen group within sight are the strongest or

Appendix One: The Powers of the Wolf

weakest and which is the leader. If the Garou attacks the
group after employing this Gift, she gains one extra attack
die against the weakest individual only.

* Primal Howl (Level Two) — Wolf howls are fright-
ening to their prey, and an unconscious fear of them still
resides within the human psyche, thanks to the Impergium.
Although any Garou can howl, a Garou with this Gift can
tap into and evoke this deep-rooted fear. In addition, the
Garou can make a howl that sounds like it comes from
several wolves (or Garou), giving even Wyrm creatures
reason to pause. This Gift is taught by an ancestor spirit or
a wind spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Stamina + Expression (diffi-
culty 7). If successful, anyone (except other Garou or
wolves) who wishes to approach the Garou must first make
a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to overcome his instinctive
fear. If the Garou approaches him, he must make the roll to
stand his ground.

In addition, each additional success after the first makes
the howl sound as if it came from one additional Garou (or
wolf): A two-success howl sounds as if it came from two
wolves or Garou; three successes sounds as if there are three
wolves, etc. Each additional "wolf" adds one to the the
target's Willpower roll difficulty (maximum 10). If the
target of the Gift can see the Garou during the howl, it will
be clear to him that there is only one Garou, and the
difficulty penalty will not apply.

|

Gaze of the Hunter (Level Three) — The Garou stares
into the eyes of an intended victim, and communicates to
them the ancient bond between predator and prey — begin-
ning the sacred hunt. This Gift is taught by the spirit of any
predatory mammal — wolf, mountain lion, bear, etc.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty 6 for animals or the
human [or other sentient] target's Willpower — whichever
is higher). If the Gaze is successful, the target (human or
animal) understands the link and will act accordingly: Wild
animals will run into the open, allowing the hunter to
eventually catch and kill them. Humans and domesticated
animals — for whom this is a terrifying experience — may
run or cower, terrified. No victim will begin a fight, although
if the Red Talon pursues and catches the prey, a battle might
result. The Gift does not work on other Garou, but will be
effective against most creatures the Garou sets out to hunt.

¢ Shield of Gaia (Level Six) — The Garou can become
so attuned to the laws and rhythms of Gaia that the
Weaver's laws cease to have any affect on her. This Gift can
only be used once by any Garou who learns it; its effects are
permanent. The Garou becomes immune to the effects of
one form of technology, such as bullets, photography (i.e.,
cannot be photographed), electricity, chemical toxins, etc.
This Gift is taught by an avatar of Griffin.

System: The Garou spends a permanent point of Gnosis
and chooses the one form of technology to which she will

be be immune. It is up to the Storyteller to determine
exactly what is and is not included in the protection
afforded by this Gift. For example, Garou who chooses
immunity to flame-throwers would not be burned by them,
but other flames will act normally upon her.

This Gift does apply against Wyrm-tainted technology,
although not Wyrm substances. For instance, a Garou who
is immune to chemical toxins may not be harmed by the
Pentex acid, but the Bane in the acid can still try to possess
her.

This Gift is open to a lot of abuse, but the player and the
Storyteller should recognize the spirit of the Gift: it is
Gaia's protection to Her children from the ravages of the
Weaver and the modern world. Just how this is interpreted
and how much is permitted depends on the mood and
atmosphere of a game. However, no player should be

allowed to claim immunity to nuclear weapons.

Rites

The Red Talons guard secret knowledge about the
wilderness and its creatures long forgotten by the other
tribes. Much of this knowledge is kept in the form of rites,
far too numerous to list here. Each pack knows several rites,
generally connected to the natural rhythms and patterns of
the area in which they live. They dance the rhythms of the
beasts, both extant and extinct, and the changes of the


ne A

seasons, lest their ceasing cause the world to change ac-
cordingly. Red Talons carry knowledge of these rites with
multitribal packs, but often perform the rites
ing their multitribal brethren if they are
¢ Garou's integrity and purity. The
esent some of the more main-

the Red Talons, and
aern. It symbolizes the
alons and the wilder-
tion to keep the tide
of humanity faning their secret
place. The rite is performed every the Red Talons
suffer a setback in this mission. It gives tigm renewed hope
that their task is worthwhile, critical and achievable.
The Garou gather quietly in the caern, spirits low be-
cause of their recent defeat. No ritemaster is chosen for the
tite; rather, whichever Garou has the most hope in her
heart stands and begins slowly and softly to howl. As other
Garou find strength in their packmate's bravery they stand
and join the howl. Eventually all the Red Talons howl
together, the polyphonic sound carrying their defiance all
the way to the boundaries of their territory and beyond.

System: The self-appointe

for a group of part
days at the caern unt

Rite of the Gr

Level Four

This ceremony is seldom per
it inevitably results in the death of
members. Sometimes a Talon reaches a point where she
cannot tolerate what she sees as the compromise of the Red
Talons, and certain death is no longer enough to prevent her
from trying to wipe out the humans. The alpha of her pack calls
a Rite of the Griffin in which the entire pack participates.

The Garou for whom the rite is being performed starids
in a ring formed by her pack members as the rite
recounts her greatest deeds and invokes the spirit of ¢
Griffin to inspire the Garou. If the ritemaster is successful,
Griffin gives the Red Talon who is to die a final boon. Her
Rage and Gnosis are refreshed to their maximum level, and
she enters a final and pure frenzy. While in this frenzy, she
is immune to any supernatural powers that would force her
to diverge from her purpose. She will not leave the frenzy,
until she dies. The rite ends when the enraged Talon r
off toward her goal and the pack howls a mournful how!
after her. The pack then wait for a time and begin the'
Gathering for the Departed.

————

Appendix One: The Pow

ituals (diffi-

are prepared by a night-long vigil in the he
At first light, the young Garou are released, to

the edge of a human settlement — this is often along run,
as Red Talon caerns are as far away as possible from the filth
of humanity. The young Talons must then enter the out-
skirts and hunt a human. Their prey must be someone who
is actively involved in the human's destruction of the
wilderness. (Many Red Talons believe that every human fits
this description.) They must hunt their chosen prey, often
a Pentex employee or the like, and herd him, alive, from the
city. The human must be chased or dragged back to the
caern without dying, where he will form the end of the pups'
Rite of Passage. The Red Talons then slay the human in
front of their new pack and present the corpse to the alpha
for acceptance. It is expected that the victim chosen will be
(at least initially) able to defend himself against the cubs
(though not many humans can defend themselves effec-
tively from Garou), and before they are accepted into the
pack, the pups are always examined for the scars that
demonstrate their initial fight to capture the human.

ite of Wilderness Reclaimed (Mystic)

evel Three

is rite is performed by the Red Talon pack as a whole,
ritemaster as such. It is performed in an area that
has been defiled by the Wyrm or the Weaver, and is a way for
the Red Talons to lessen the blow. Those who are to
participate in the rite stand in a circle with their noses
touching. They concentrate, and each pack member slowly,
over a matter of minutes, slips into a trance state. They then
can see the blighted area as it once was, when it was
dominated by the natural forces of Gaia. The Garou look at
this scene of beauty and rightness for as long as they need,
then one by one tl s ntact, and the vision fades.
dedicate themselves


Cotems

Totem of Respect
Ol? Wolf of the Woods

Background Cost: 6

Old Wolf of the Woods is the heart of the Red Talons.
While Griffin is the totem of the Talons' anger, Old Wolf
is the guardian of their spirituality. It is said among the
Talons that Old Wolf of the Woods is actually not one spirit
but a succession of Garou who have each ascended to the
sacred duty when their predecessor's health finally fails. Old
Wolf of the Woods is a symbol of eternity and wilderness,
symbolizing the sacred duty of the Red Talons and their
unique strength. Old Wolf of the Woods is not infinite in his
strength, however, and when the last wolf vanishes from the
face of Gaia, so too will Old Wolf of the Woods.

Traits: Packs who follow Old Wolf of the Woods are
greatly respected by the Red Talons; each member gains
three points of Honor. Also, his Children can share up to
five points of Past Life per story. All Gauntlet difficulties
are treated as one less for the Children of Old Wolf of the
Woods, as his home is the Umbra.

Ban: Only lupus may follow Old Wolf of the Woods.

Totem of Wisdom

Raven

Background Cost: 7

Raven isa gamester and an opportunist. Raven makes no
kills himself but is always where death is. Raven plays with
wolves, jumping out of the range of their teeth and claws.
Through such games, Raven can teach the Garou about the
dangers of frenzy, because if one frenzies in an attempt to
catch Raven, one is nothing but a fool. Raven is an ancient
companion of Wolf and accompanies him on his hunts,
hoping to pick the bones of his kills. Raven is a wise spirit,
skilled in seeking and finding, not in war. Raven's Children
are characterized by their sharp wits and keen eyes.

Traits: Raven is nimble and clever. Raven's Children add
two dots to their Dodge Ability. He is a wise bird as well as
a playful one; his Children each gain one point to their Wits
Attributes. All of his Children gain one point of Wisdom.

Ban: Raven asks that the Garou who follow him leave
the carcasses of their prey for his fellows to eat.

Fetishes

Red Talons are not great fetish users, preferring to rely
on their natural skills and physical abilities to succeed.
There are, however, a few items that have been made and
used by various Talons.


with Gifts

crushed betwé

ing the spirit,

scent for th
To crearg,

trickster 3

osis 7
is the carcass of a si
inasingle bite.
ed around the bow
e to the center.
buried fetish can,

between the jaws of
) she makes no tracks
iny pursuers to detect. It
A pine cone fetish, even
‘king. If the pine cone is
eying the fetish and releas-
mes invisible to sight and
é current scene.
tish, the Garou must bind a
ad into a freshly fallen pine cone.

er, which must come froma living bird,

arou's fur just around the mane. After

, the Garou gains an unerring sense of

st healthy source of food is, be it game or

jarou can use the feather to hunt or to

I success. The Garou knows the direction
stance to the food, but not its nature. Thus,
this fetish to seek game may be disap-
cass buried by a packmate many days ago.
Raven Feather, the Garou must find the
ind a spirit associated with hunting into it.
be used multiple times, but when the bird

e feather came dies, the talen ceases to work.

Weapons (3 pt Physical Merit)

this Merit are greatly in tune with their wolf
bir balance and physical acuity in Lupus form

wan those in Homid form. The Garou can

Appendix One: The Powers of the Wolf

subtract one from the diffic
natural weapon (e.g., clay
when in Lupus form. Howe
ties of any such

Su has established a territory for himself (or
y in conjunction with other Talons or wolves). The
itory is defined by scent marks recognized by other

creatures (though not humans). The character knows the

area intimately and can tell, upon traveling there, whether
any others have crossed the boundaries. Inside the territory
the Garou can hunt more easily and has an intimate knowl-
edge of all the prey there. Other Garou will not willingly
enter the Garou's territory unless they seek to provoke him.

Breeding Pack (2 pt Background Merit)

The Garou is in control of a breeding pack of wolves. She
visits this pack as often as she desires, and mates with which-
ever of the wolves there she chooses. This pack will rear any
pups that spring from these unions, and the parent can return
to collect them at the time of the Change (if they happen to
be Garou). The breeding pack is not necessarily safe, and the
Garou may be called away to defend it at any time. This Merit
grants one free point in the Kinfolk Background.

Ward Pack (4 pt Background Flaw)

This flaw is similar to the Flaw Ward (3 pts), but refers to
an entire wolf pack. The Garou is responsible for the wolf
pack's safety and good health. The pack is often in need of
defense and care, and may have suffered the loss of many
members before the Garou was entrusted with its care. Per-
haps it is a captive pack or in an area of active wolf hunting.

Roleplaying a Red Talon

In most roleplaying games the characters we play are in
some way extensions of ourselves. We often exaggerate one
aspect of our personality or some emotion or desire, but
essentially all characters are rooted in us, the players. Even
insuch games as Vampire: The Masquerade and Werewolf:
The Apocalypse in which the characters aren't actually
human, they remain an extension of ourselves. The Kindred
and Garou that we portray carry aspects of ourselves as
people inside their supernatural skeletons. When the char-
acter you play is a lupus Garou, this principle is both broken
and doubly true.

A Red Talon lupus has never been a human. This may
seem an obvious thing to state, but if you consider the
implications of the statement, you can see that it seems
inappropriate to invest any human ideas and emotions in a
character that has never had such feelings. It would be wrong
to look at a lupus as merely a homid with more Gnosis, for
example. In the same way a homid Garou identifies with a
human who has become a Garou and who views the world

51


from an "enlightened" human perspective, the lupus charac-
ter has the perspective of an enlightened wolf. A Red Talon
lupus expects that his behavior, and the behavior of those
around him will be according to the rules that he has learned
in his early years. This does not merely equate to an inability
to understand mobile phones and read maps. It has much
greater implications for communication and cooperation.
Obviously, wolves don't speak, but lupus Garou can and
do. A lupus, however, gets more information about a
speaker from and gives more to a listener through body
language — the way the speaker holds his body, the sweep
of his neck and whether his teeth are showing — than he
does from the words that are spoken. When portraying a
lupus, it's not necessary to crawl on all fours or to make a
detailed study of canid social behavior (although there is

nothing to prevent you), but you should keep this kind of
physical communication in mind. These kinds of cues are
present in our own behavior and communication, but a
lupus is much more sensitive to them than is a human or
homid. It is possible to communicate a lot in the confines
of a table and chair. Simple messages can be sent and
received by leaning forward and back, angling your head,
drawing back your lips in a snarl and so on.

One of the largest and most difficult mental hurdles to
overcome in understanding the perspective of the Red
Talon lupus is that humans are not important. Our view of
the world, however environmentally enlightened we might
be, places humans firmly at the top. We cannot help but be
anthropocentric. The Red Talons don't recognize this

importance, and would gladly kill us all. Taking the
animals' point of view, as exemplified by the Red Talons,
can be quite liberating. If you try to adopt the viewpoint
that would be shared by lupus Garou, you can begin to see
what damage we have done to them and their world, and it
becomes very easy to understand why the Red Talons want
to kill us. Even if you don't intend to play a Red Talon or
you play one who advocates total extermination of hu-
mans, it is worth having a look from their point of view

The World of the Lupus

Another thing that is fundamentally different about the
lupus mindset stems from the different way in which she
perceives the world. The lupus, in her wolf years, has grown
up low to the ground. Her vision is therefore adjusted to see
the ground and a close horizon well. Her sense of smell is
acute, and she relies upon it most of all her senses for
information. A dog can detect the scent of a human
fter it was laid! This amazing sense of
smell has an impact not only on the way a lupus "sees" the
world but on the way she interacts with others. With her
olfactory senses, she can perceive the past, knowing who
has been to a particular place, how long ago and in what
state they were when they left. Her hearing is also better
than a human's, and she is constantly listening. She is

fingerprint six weeks

aware of the natural rhythms and currents, and is careful

not to be caught upwind ofa threat or her prey. These subtle
rules that are natural to wild hunters and Red Talons must
be painstakingly learned by homid Garou.


We carry deer-fawns in our mouths

We carry deer-fawns in our mouths

We have our faces blackened

— Wolf-song

— Gary Snyder, "Hunting"

Red Talons, like wolves, vary in personality and temperment.
Just because humans cannot recognize the variety of wolf
behaviors does not mean variety is not there. Red Talons are
traditionally considered by most Garou to be mean, vengeful,
human-hating werewolves, at home in the wilderness rather
than the city. This image is true, as far as the Red Talons have
behaved when in the presence of the other tribes. But when in

Appendix Two: Cubs

EL TD ne

the deep wild, when away from Garou politics, they show a
different face — their true face: that of highly spiritual beings
who know and respect their place in nature and Gaia's ways.

True, they will continue to hunt humans with a Rage
almost terrifying to other Garou unused to such raw hon-
esty. But they will also keep the Ways, perform the forgot-
ten rites and defend the wilds from all who would harm it.


Rascal Wolf

Quote: If I do not speak the truth, then why do all the others laugh behind your back?

Prelude: You were never the strongest. Even when you became a Garou, the strongest wolves of your pack could easily

drive you away. When you were a young wolf pup, you were the bottom of the heap. You got used to it. You were last to VA
be fed and last to get a bone to bury. During your puppyhood, you learned to be fast and nimble, avoiding even play-fights
with your packmates, who were engaged in the serious business of learning to fight and hunt. You were always more
interested in something else, although you played with the ravens often. When the old Garou came to claim you, your pack
didn't put up much resistance, and you don't miss them much either.
The old Garou was a Ragabash and alpha female of her pack. She taught you the ways of your auspice and protected you
from the stronger Red Talons until you learned to fend for yourself. She is too old to be alpha now but
still runs with the pack, and is always available to give good advice or

savage criticism about how you behave. You learned that your place
in the pack was a strange one. While nobody was allowed to
question the new alpha, you always seem to bé able to get away
with it. If ever you go too far, you can always roll on your
back in the snow, offering up your throat.

Concept: You are both welcome in the pack and
laughed at by it. The pack appreciates your pres-
ence, but all hope that you will choose another
Garou toward whom to direct your keen eye.
Thus, you have lots of friends, and although
you will never be alpha, your voice is always
heard. You often find yourself criticizing
other members of the pack — Garou
stronger and larger than you. Some-
how you seem to get away with
this, and those who express
their anger too physically
are frowned upon. All
seem to recognize
their need for you
in the pack.

Roleplaying Hints: Be biting and critical but never confronta-
tional. You are not a warrior and have no interest in defending yoursel
If you are threatened, simply run to a safe distance and resume your taunt.
Make accurate and (generally) constructive criticisms, not merely random
insults, and always keep in mind that you have a responsibility to the pack.
That responsibility is to reveal all of the members' shortcomings so that they
might be better Garou.
Equipment: You have a mouse, which is more a companion than a piece of
equipment, which you take with you. The mouse has been convinced that you are
not going to eat it, and seems content to hang around.


Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)
TS Sa a ly

——-Re ot acaral

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:

Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem: g

Chronicle: Camp: a i of the Land Concept: Rascgt wolf A
Physical rio Mental

Strength. @@000 Charisma. @e000 Perception. @ee00

Dexterity. rye) Manipulation, 000 Intelligence.

Stamina_____——— @@000 Appearance_____— @@®@0O0 Wits

weer se ASR Abilities rere

Calents ills Knowledge
Alertness, @@e@00 Animal Ken, @@000 Computer, 00000
Athleti 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas @e@000
Brawl. @e@000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge. Firearms. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. Melee. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression, 00000 Leadership, 00000 Medicine. @0000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance. @@000 Occult @0000
Primal-Urge. @@000 Repair. 00000 Politics, 00000
Streetwise, 00000 Stealth, @0000 Rituals QQ 00
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival, @@000 Science________g9900
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Atties e0e0e00 Blur of the Mitky Eye
Mentor @@000 Leap of the Kangaroo
00000 Seent of Running Water
00000
00000
——=— Renown a a AA Rage mnie "/ Health =~
ants Mos @ee0000000 Bruised =
MAaeabesss aooooooooo Me, 18
Honor 7 § ¢ eemrnmnetlocionar :
e000000000 4 Gnosis are ie 2 5
DOOUUOOOOOO eeeeevvov00 ae 25
Wisdom ooo0o0000000 ial"
AAaeaeaass "oe
— "Willpower ——~ ~Weakness
Rank @ee08000000 WYLD AFFINITY:
nog CANNOT REGAIN
OOOoOOo0o0o GNOSIS IN CITIES


Seer rv een erase ear een eneren ise ar one a re msrwrenaeerenarw

Mystic Predator

Quote: You think we are the same but you could not be more wrong. I am nothing you can understand and everything you are
afraid of.

Prelude: One ofa litter of six pups in an Alaskan pack, you were the only one to reach maturity. Born black with a streak
of grey, you were well taken care of by your natal pack, though the years were not good ones for them. You were always the
outsider, even then. The black wolf among white, the wolf with an unfathomable eye. When the Garou came, you were
not surprised. You knew your father was not the alpha of the pack, and the noble grey wolf who arrived to collect you made
everything fit into place. Your great connection to Gaia gives you a unique sense of such relationships and natural patterns,
veled with the great
Theurge for some time, and he is still a source of guidance for you in time of need. You do not see this as weakness, but keep

and this innate ability enabled you to complete your Rite of Passage with no great difficulty. You t
Pp! y 1B

your elder secret from other Garou to preserve the sanctity of the bond
Concept: You are the "other" — the Theurge, the black, the

lupus, the Red Talon — all of th

outsider, and you are all of them. You embody the

e mark you as an

reasons why humans can't understand wolves and

homids can't understand lupus. You are utterly
wild, and no human will ever fathom your

mystical depths or resolve the dark questions

you pose. The Umbra is open to you, as are
the secrets of the natural world. A warrior
of a kind, you have appointed yourself
guardian of the sacred spirituality of your
race, your tribe and Gaia itself, It is your
responsibility to handle any violation
of that spirit — and there are innu-

merable breaches. Also, you are
the spiritual life of the pack who
revere and respect you. You are
cred link to Gaia, and

you lead them in rites and cov-

their sa

enants that embody this con-
nection. Finally, youare the
predator. You hunt and
kill for your own food,
understanding like no
other the holy link
between predator
and prey.
Roleplaying
Hint:
inscrutable. The

You are

observations made

by you might be so obscure as to mean

nothing to any but yourself. You often

stare deeply into other creatures' eyes,

trying to discern their inner being and making

them uneasy. You speak little, and are not easily

swayed to anger. When angry, however, your

response is swift and violent.
Equipment: You carry little. You

know the location of several caches

of food in the area but travel without

burden.

56


2 acer aerrenm rrna Srea

——-Re@ Tarons ——* V4

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: oy Woarders of the land Concept: Mystic Predator
PUA Tents

— MA Attributes vee ratrnar

Physical Social Mental
Strength, @0000 Charisma. Perception, ee00e0
Dexterity. @000 Manipulation. Intelligence oO
Stamina. @ee00 — Appearance @e000 Wits___________eeeoo
ofege Sz ‘
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness. @0000 Animal Ken. @0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. ©0000
Brawl. @0000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge. e000 Firearms 00000 ~—- Law___________00000
Empathy. 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics, 00000
Expression, 00000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, @0000 Performance 0000 Occult 0000
Primal-Urge. eo0ce0 Repair. 00000 Politics, 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, @0000 Rituals, @ee00
Subterfuge. @@000 Survival, @@000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts
infotk @0000 Beast Speech
Mentor e@0ee00 Heightened Senses
Past Life e@0000 Spirit Speech
00000
00000

qe
oe
ge
Oo
Olox
Oo
Do
Oo
Oo
Do

oe
Ce
oe
fo
Oe g
Lo ¥
Oo
Oo
Oo
Oo

Rank

@@ee0000000
OOOOOOo0o000

4 Gnosis mone
e@e@e@eaeeo0o0dd
OOOOOOOoOO00
"Willpower ——~

@e70e2e000000
OOoOoOoooooo

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured =|
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled = -5
Incapacitated

~ Weakness am

WYLD AFFINITY:
CANNOT REGAIN
GNOSIS IN CITIES

oooo0ooo

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

LL ———_——

Sri 1 /

4


Zoo-Born Arbitrator

Quote: You say I know nothing of humans. I have observed them every day of my life, as they believed they observed me, and
I know more of them than they ever learned of me

from your pack. Then you pulled down all the fences and
led your pack off into the night. As you crossed a human
track covered with machines, your mother was killed by
a metal monster. Sadly, you led the pack off into the
mountains. You had little success. Many of the wolves

Prelude: Whelped in an enclosure, you grew up as part of a captive wolf pack. Your home was not as small as a cage,
did not know how to hunt or to survive in the much
colder mountains. Heartbroken, you led those that could

but you never learned to run as other pups did. Your pack was unhappy and uneasy, fed dead meat every day and stared at V4
by humans from behind metal fences. There was no real alpha in the pack, and you did not learn about the social life of
wolf packs. You did, however, learn more about humans than most Red Talons. Every day you saw them as they watched
you, fed you and wrote on their pages. As you grew you became more and more frustrated with your existence. Some of the
wolves befriended your captors and associated with them.
F j Others did nothing but lie in the shade all day, remem-
fl bering freedom. You first knew you were different when
, . one day you bit finger from the hand ofa young boy who
. ; ys offered you mushy human food, cold and stinging like
‘ snow, through the fence. The keepers were very angry

} ' with you and locked you up on your own.

4 That night, you were angry as you saw the half moon
make the journey back to the enclosure. After that, you

shining in the sky. You tore down the fence keeping you
wandered far on your own, in the wilds and the outskirts
of the human cities, until the Red Talons found you.

Concept: Born in captivity, you have seen much of
the human world and the world of wolves. Although you
about wolves, the

are new to many of the most basic id
Red Talons need your valuable knowledge about hu-
mans. You are making something of a name for yourself
as an arbitrator, negotiating with other tribes who you
find it easy to communicate with. The Red Talons are
your tribe, and it is superior to all the others. Only
Talons could understand the sadness in your heart when
you led your packmates back to captivity. You hate
captivity more than anything.

Roleplaying Hints: Stand still and listen when oth-
ers talk. You understand the power of listening. When
you reply make your words count, and say things only
once. If others do not know how to listen, then it is their
bad fortune. Always try to find a new point of view. You
have seen and felt many things that other Garou never
have. Make sure they know this.

Equipment: None.


2 Nisei arene oes erm

——-Re@ Tacons ——* ‘A

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: PAitodox Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Camp: Whely's compromise Concept: Zoo-byry arbitrator 4
a 24 fa Attri utes pment win tl teae

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 Charisma. @0000 Perception,
Dexterity. 00 Manipulation. 000 Intelligence
Stamina, @@000 Appearance. @0000 _

Pa Sat Sratiorar
— VL Abi if ities

Calents Skills Knowledge
Alertness___ @@000 Animal Ken, @@000 Computer, 00000
Athletics 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. @@000
Brawl. @e@000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge. 000 Firearms____—— 90000 Law__§_+_+__—————————S>70000
Empathy. 000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics 00000
Expression. @0000 Leadership. @0000 Medicine @0000
Intimidation, @0000 Performance. @0000 Occult, 00000
Primal-Urge. @0000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise @0000 Stealth, 00 Rituals____@@oo0o0
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival @@000 Science________g9900

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Altties @0000 Beast Speech
Contacts @0000 Leap of the Kangaroo
infotk e@@e000 Truth of Gaia
jentor @0000 Resist Pain

Glory eee20000000 Bruised Oo
Paeeeeaseaad oooooooooo area

He ; ;
@200000000 4 Gnosis —— oom vou =
DOUOOOOOOO eeeeevovoo0o0 Caesial 25 i

Wisro a z
A308 oe oh OOOOOOOoOoOO incapaioed Cl
HOOOOHOOOe Willpower ——~ "Weakness am

Rank eee02000000 WYLD AFFINITY:

a CANNOT REGAIN

en alae a OOOOOOOOOO GNOSIS IN CITIES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

ES TE, DE TY


|

Metis Scapegoat

Quote: Stare if you must at the hairless wolf. Disgusting am I? My claws cut clean, and my fangs bite deep. I have found strength
in bitterness you could never know

Prelude: Born the offspring of a Red Talon female, you never knew who your father was. Why the pack let you live, you

still do not understand. You were never one of them — never even allowed to be. They threw you scraps from their kills when a
it was clear that you would starve otherwise, but that was the only kindness they gave you. Even your mother was distant,
raising you until you were old enough to be chased away, alone. You wandered and managed to hunt on your own for a time.
You wandered north and found other Garou, Children of Gaia, Bone Gnawers and others. Many offered to take you in,
claiming that they felt no aversion to metis. You were sorely tempted by their kindness but couldn't accept it. The hatred
and shame that your Red Talon pack had instilled in you was too great to allow you to accept. Besides, you have a strange

kind of pride and believe yourself, despite your hairless body, to be superior to these mongrel tribes.

. Concept: You are a bitter loner, forming only

transitory associations with other Garou. You
are full of hate for the Wyrm, the Red Talons,
all other Garou and even yourself. Your per-
formances as Galliard are strange. Most often
you sing for yourself, for audiences find your
songs disturbing. It has been said that you
have great insight, but you don't care for
such accolades. You have no fur, as Gaia
has no forests; you are an omen of things
to come, and your songs speak of the
Apocalypse. You accept your position
as scapegoat in other packs, and don't
care any longer what others think of
you. If you must nip at the scraps of a
kill, then so be it. With your greater
understanding (but no greater sympa-
thy) of humans, you are invaluable to a
pack of lupus and have served as guide in
the past.
Roleplaying Hints: You are surly and
biting. You can be funny, but your hu-
mor is always black. Snarl a great deal,
and deliver withering looks toany other
characters who make bad jokes. The
only folly you tolerate is your own. You
are very sensitive to comments about
your metis nature, and can be quickly
driven to Rage at those who make them.
Metis Deformity: Hairless.
Equipment: A bag full of various clothes
and basic human gear. A book of beauti-
ful, glossy wolf photographs.


——-Re@ Tacons ~—* Vd

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:

Player: Auspice: Gattiard Pack Totem: h

Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Metis Scapegoat ‘gy
Physical Social Mental

Strength. ry to) Charisma. Perception.

Dexterity. ele) Manipulation. Intelligence.

Stamina. eo Appearance. Wits
Calents Skills Knowledge
Alertness. e@@000 Animal Ken. @0000 Computer, 00000
Athletics. @@000 Drive. e@0000 Enigmas. @@000
Brawl. Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge__________eoooo  Firearms____.._o0000 law__________00000
Empathy. 00000 Melee 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression, 0000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine. @@000
Intimidation. 00 Performance. @0000 Occult @@000
Primal-Urge. 0000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth. 00000 Rituals. @0000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival. @0000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Disfigurement

Past Lives @@000 Beast Speech Hairless
Pure Breed @@000 Seent of Running Water
Resources @0000 Sense Wyrm
00000
00000
Renown enelosr AA Rage mote 1 Health A
Glory Bruised Oo
@ee@ee@ee@eeo0o0o0d0 cu
)
ehaeaesasa oooooooooo Mm, 40
ny -l
Honor S44 Gnosis Aone
0000000000 Gnosis Wotmed 25
DOOOOOOOOOO eeeovoo000 emcee a i
Wisdom ooooooo0o00o0 a
afatelatalafelefere ae
"Willpower ——~ ~Weakness
Rank eee2e000000 WYLD AFFINITY:
hy Oooooococd CANNOT REGAIN
O - GNOSIS IN CITIES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


a 7 a
Lone Wolf

Quote: You see I have no pack. I need none. Do you wish to test my strength against yours? I have learned hard lessons and would
be glad to teach them to you.
Prelude: Born in a litter of pups sired by the alpha male of your pack, you would have been destined for glory but for your

size. You were a good deal smaller than your littermates, and although you fought bravely with them, you were condemned MA
to the bottom of the pecking order. As you grew you developed surprising strength for your size, but it appeared as if you would
never be alpha. Both your brothers vied for the position when your father died. When the Change came upon you, your
brothers refused to accept your dominance. In an act which will haunt you for the rest of your days, you killed them both and
took over the pack. When the Red Talons came to take you away, you left a devastated pack in the hands of your young mother.
Your brief time at the top ended and you again found yourself at the bottom of the heap. A small Ahroun, you had no
choice but to follow the alpha and your elders and do what you could to aid them in their struggle. This subordinate status

became too much, and you challenged the alpha for the right to lead the pack. Soundly defeated, you were expelled
from the pack. You tolerated the position of scapegoat for a short time but quickly left

the pack altogether. Now you roam the wild alone, making humans and Garou
fear your territory. You have returned to your natal wolf pack occasionally,
and mated with a new dominant female. There will be pups in the spring.

Concept: A strong loner type, you take grief from no one. Quick to
anger and quick to judge others, you nonetheless understand what it
is to be alienated and rejected. Somewhere inside you there is
tolerance and kindness, but you never let it surface. You live the life
of a wolf without a pack.

Roleplaying Hints: You are utterly sure of yourself, despite
past defeats. You quickly size up those you meet, dominating
them if you judge them weaker, avoiding them if they are
stronger. Be forceful and open in your dealings with others;
there is no place for subtlety or subterfuge in your
vocabulary.

Equipment: Other than the scars of
your many fights, you carry nothing
but your fur.


——-Re@ Tacons ~—* B

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: A from Pack Totem:
Chronicle: gts of the Predator Kings Concept: Lone wolf 4
"74 Attributes =
er maycieal Social Mental
Strength. @0e000 Charisma @0000 Perception. e000e0

Dexterity. ee0e0 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence_____eeooo
Stamina @0000 ana eceeoo §=© Wits_______eeooo
een eae shill Knowledge
Alertness. e@@000 Animal as @e000 Computer____———— 970000
Athletics. Drive. 00000 Enigmas___ 0000
Brawl. e0e@e00 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation___ 90000
Dodge___________eoooo  Firearms________o0000  law_________o0000
Empathy. 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics_______ 90000
Expression, 00000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine___ 000
Intimidation, 0000 Performance, 00000 Occult____________ 990000
Primal-Urge. e0000 Repair. 00000 Politics, 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, Rituals______g@o00
Subterfuge_____g9900 Survival Science. 00000

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
infotk @@000 Beast Speech
Past Lives e@@e@000 HeightenedA Genses
Pure Breed @0000 The Falling Touch
00000 Razor Claws
00000
——= Renown a aa 4 Rage om "/ Health Aa
Gory eeeee0o0000 Bruised Oo
BaAaaasssad oooooooooo =e 48
ny -l
o'00 ta biolalo 4 Gnosis mmo Wounded 2 O
HOAACHAAOK eeeeeoo000 Mak 20 i
Wisdom oooo0o000000 Sat tenl
atatatelatalarefsTa se
"Willpower "Weakness
Rank eeeee00000 WYLD AFFINITY:
Ooooooooog CANNOT REGAIN
GNOSIS IN CITIES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Ll _——



Bloodmoon

Bloodmoon isa hater. He hates humans, especially those
who were responsible for slaughtering his natal pack just
after he had left them to learn the ways of the Red Talons.
He hates Garou, who he sees as compromising, weak,
foolish creatures who are unprepared to act when action is
required. In a twisted way he also hates wolves for the
weakness they show in falling before the humans' guns and
their inability to prove the superiority he knows they have.
Most of all he hates himself for his failure to save his wolf
mother and her pack. Bloodmoon failed his Rite of Passage,
which involved the protection of his wolf pack, and he has
not undergone another. Rather than run with other Red
Talons, Bloodmoon surrounds himself with other outcasts
—homid, metis or lupus — he doesn't care. He will take
any lonely Garou of any breed or auspice, though he prefers
Ahrouns like himself.

Bloodmoon leads attacks against human settlements
with these ragged packs and with any who will follow him.
He strikes indiscriminately, sometimes hitting the heart of
the operations of the Wyrm, sometimes in a relatively
unimportant area. He is beyond caring.

Bloodmoon has a strange trait. When he assumes Homid
form, which is rarely and generally for the short period of
time he requires to infiltrate a human area, he appears
different from his last Homid form. Sometimes he is black,
sometimes caucasian. Another form he assumes resembles a

Native American. No one knows whether he has a series of
forms through which he cycles, or whether his Homid form
is different every time he changes. Bloodmoon has no answer
to the mystery. For him, it has always been so, and is merely
one more strangeness he incurred at the time of the Change.
Some of the Theurges have taken it to be an omen of some
kind, but are not specific as to what it might prophesy.

So far, Bloodmoon's ravages have gone unchallenged.
This strange trait of his may breed reluctance in those who
might otherwise have tried to curb his excesses.

Scent-of-Red-Snow

A Galliard born under the waning Gibbous moon,
Scent-of-Red-Snow has always been a wanderer. Seized at
a young age with a lust for journey and discovery, Scent-of-
Red-Snow has made her paw prints in many parts of
America and beyond. Originally from northern Montana,
she appears as a huge, shaggy timber wolf, with a gray-
stained muzzle and bright eyes. Scent-of-Red-Snow is a
member of no particular camp, and is careful to avoid
conflicts between them. She has been known to disarm
such conflicts by breaking into an aching, mournful howl
that others cannot help but join. One of her great missions
is to end factional conflict among the Red Talons, believ-
ing that it is a characteristic of humans groups that has
tainted her tribe and that it can only weaken Talons against
humans and against the Wyrm.


Scent-of-Red-Snow is a doomsayer. Her songs are in-
variably dark and infused with visions of the Apocalypse
and the final death of the Red Talons. She preaches to Red
Talons in great moots, begging them to end the madness of
Red Talon fighting Red Talon and giving them glimpses of
her dark vision. She is a great performer, and her audience
is always swayed by her pleas, though this may fade after
they have left the moot.

Scent-of-Red-Snow is always prepared to support her
claims with action. She has frequently insulted some strong
Ahroun only to have him challenge her in front of the moot.
She never backs away from such challenges, but the Ahrouns
usually do. Hardly ever having to rely on her considerable
fighting talents, Scent-of-Red-Snow is well preserved by
her reputation and by the fact that deep down all the Red
Talons feel her criticisms and know that she is right.

One-LeakEar

One-Leaf-Ear is the member of the Whelp's Compro-
mise who has obtained the highest profile outside the Red
Talon tribe. A small, bristled Ahroun, she has made it her
mission to travel among the other tribes and spread the
mi e of Red Talon tolerance. She often asks the protec-
tion of the groups in which she is staying when the Red
Talons come to fetch her.

One-Leaf-Ear loves the Red Talons, though many of her
elders wouldn't believe this. She loves her tribe so greatly

that her concern for its future has outweighed her hatred of
the humans. She believes that the humans can be con-
trolled and changed, so that wolves and Red Talons might
survive. She claims, perhaps correctly, that if the few Red
Talons who remain were to attack humanity outright, the
backlash from human society would quickly destroy the few
populations of wolves that remain in the wild. Even in the
unlikely event of Red Talon success, she argues, there
would be no wolves remaining to create new Talons, and
the tribe that she so loves would disappear forever.

A bright-eyed individual, One-Leaf-Ear is highly charis-
matic and has swayed several young Red Talons to her cause.
She leads such groups in a manner that would horrify the
older Talons. There is no alpha in the pack, and decisions are
made on a distinctly homid basis. One-Leaf-Ear has been
called "monkey lover" and many other names besides, but is
undeterred from her mission to change the minds of the Red
Talons for their own good and for that of Gaia.

Crookpaw

Crookpaw is often called more lupus than lupus. Born
the offspring of two Red Talons, he has striven all his life to
throw off the shackles of his metis heritage. He is a strident
hater of humans and advocates their complete extermina-
tion. He spends most of his time in his Lupus form, loping
ungracefully on his three good legs, his left front paw
dangling uselessly. He is a bitter Garou, who has dedicated


his life to learning all there is to learn of the Red Talons and
to giving them the voice they refuse to give themselves.
Although he is a fierce human hater and homid doubter, he
travels among homid-dominated septs, talking of the Red
Talons and trying to quell opposition against them.

He has traveled extensively, collecting the lore of the
Red Talons, a mission that he performs for none but himself
What he intends to do with the lore he has collated, if
anything, remains a mystery. He strives to be the equal of his
lupus tribemates, often exceeding them. He lives like a wolf,
hunting deer and moose and sleeping on the snow.

There is a strange air about him. Because he is crippled,
althy lupus, but
erance and his

he will never be the physical equal of any hee

wherever he travels, his bitterness, his perse
determination give the Red Talons reason to think. Often
a pack is stronger in an indefinable way after a visit from
Crookpaw. Maybe he is merely fulfilling the role of the
Ragabash, questioning the alphas, reevaluating the laws.
Maybe his rare metis blood has found in him some special
purpose that will become clear as the Apocalypse ap-
proaches.

Appendix Three: Hunters of Different Prey 67


Wow hasit really been onty three yearst erecvolf has been around that Long, and J've been with
it ever since the first edition rulebook was released. But by the time you read this, J will have moved
on. JU bea partner at FAZDI, a hot nerv computer gaming company, along with fellory White Wolf
alumni Andrey Greenberg, former Vampire: the Masgnerade Aeveloper.

I'm going to miss working with the Garon everyday, but J still plan to help them stave off the
Apocalypse by writing future books. J actually look forward to writing about the Garou rather than
helping others write about them. Thats going to be Ethan Skemp's problem nowy. teh, heh. Poor
Ethan witl have to put up with the shenanigans of our crazy authors alt by himself. The Wyrm
works in many ways, Ethan. Beware.

OF course, Gaia works in many ways also, and JA like to thank alt the authors who helped tell
the stories of the Garon. You knoty who they are; just pick up any of the books and read the credits.

May Gaia took over you and the Wpyrm tremble at your passing.

— Bilt Bridges

PS. Keep your eyes peeled for Chronicle of the Black Labyrinth in Aprit F6. Its a forbidden

book of Vpyrm tore, so don't let any Garon catch yon looking at it.


a

Vd —— RED Tacons a
Name

7 Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem: &
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: A
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence_____eo0o000
Stamina_____@0000 Lge nena Wits__________e0000
Calents 3 ill Knowledge
Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken, 00000 Computer, 00000
Athletics. 00000 Drive 00000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl, 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge___________oo000 _ Firearms_______o0000 law__________00000
Empathy. 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics, 00000
Expression. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance, 00000 Oeculk 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Repair. 00000 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth. 00000 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival. 00000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

——="Renown ew AO Rage Foie eae
Glory Co000000000 Bruised Oo
haaeeaedas oooooooooo Ee 18
fat 4 Gnosis mms Wounded 9 O
0000000000 z
OOOOUOUOOOOO pooovov00000 mast Eo) = i
Wisdom rippled 5
Brosd.de cerca e OOOo0000000 incapacitated Ol
MORIMOC IC) "Willpower —~~ "Weakness —Am
soem kcal le 0000000000 WYLD AFFINITY:
= CANNOT REGAIN
A OOOOOoOo0000 GNOSIS IN CITIES

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

7 _——


seamen

——~ Reo Jacons ~~ —#

—HomiI~ ——Glabro —-Crinos ——Hispo ——Lupus- y
Strength (+2)_____Strengafilte 5 4
Stamina Dexterity (+2)___

Ap} i i Stamina (+2)

Strength (+1).
|

|

Power.

00000
OOO0O0O0
OOO0O0O0
00000
00000
00000
OO0000
OO000O0
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
OO0O00O0

[MnaverWeaen [Ral [Dificuty | Danae | Ronee | Rate | Cin_|

Item: Dedicated Level Gnosis

Power,

A fer Rites enare rane Lvatornsr

00000 Item: [Dedicated Level____ Gnosis _
00000 Power.
o0o0000 Item: (Dedicated Level ___ Gnosis ___
00000 Power.
00000 Item: DDedicated Level ____Gnosis__

Brawling Chart
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage

Bite Dex + Brawl
Body Slam Dex + Brawl
Claw Dex + Brawl
Grapple Dex + Brawl Strength
Kick Dex + Brawl Strength + 1
Punch Dex+ Brawl 6 — Strength

+ These maneuvers do aggravated damage.

Strength + It

Special
Strength + 2t

Armor:


| V4 ——— Reo Ticons immense A

Nature: Demeanor: b
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

—- Expanded Background -mnveLoatoonar

Mentor
Pure Breed
Kinfolk
Past Life
iE Pack Totem
AZ, Possessions »mmmBrdmas At Experience mmm loaimar
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:
Name TOTAL SPENT:
Caer Location Spent On:
4 Level Type
Totem
tS

| LC


were LY (Description neem irenrser

Age.

Hair

Eyes.
Wolf Breed.

Human Race.
Sex,

Homid
Glabro
Crinos.

Height

Hispo
Lupus

Weight

ill

Battle Scars

Metis Deformity.

oy
fe

Pack Chart

Character Sketch

eterna </

, EE Se


You think you know As, bdPyou dogiot.

Wu think you are like we are, bab y¥Ou are not.
We are like no other JWe are she Red Talons.

Yousteymto behavellike we 6, but you cannot.

Vou try t0 keep pace with us, but yet Behind.

We fa the Jong run. We are thé

Wou shy to match our purity, Mae yow ard tainted .
‘Yet try toeatch our eye, bat Gur eyvedS fixed On our prey.

We are velefitless. We ax@ the Red Talons:

Vou plan and schemé, changedind grows

Yott fight togetherdind speak like rie

Vou multiply andare mative

Weare stone, de staythe same

We speak seldom Make Ao promises, save ofr.
We are fey Weditethe Red Talons.
— Scens®of-RG@PSnow

780 PaprPNORTH Boweesand

b Swett 100
CLARKSTOWGA 30021

USA

Cime Stuaee 9"781565"043282 |

ISBN 1-56504-328-6 WW 3057 $10.00

51000
