# File: Renegades.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook About Dead People Who Are Mad AsHell§ == = wa We

~ ct for Wraith: The Onlvon SF! ghee IX%

ert J 6 4 Cs

‘
\
f

CBS ES 2 CRA ED CPt BPE Clot g eo GHOSTS

assada and Nicky Rea

By jackie C
Fiction by P.D. Cacek and Tom Deita

PY eae cesar

*

ed

+

LYE

~~
cs

+

i



an

"=

¢
.

eee
i
Vy

\Ns a
ity

N

hy,

AS
Ait
VHA

¢

pts
Fon oe
i) yee et 8
"sys av ye CUEWE Q
AVEC 2 Ee

t
i

Be

. an © fi
1 wrt, fa .
vn) OMAR Nabi so

WL WALL ATT

PANEER

TUT PR

bd

t

Credits

Written by: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea

Original Fiction by: P.D. Cacek and Tom Deitz
Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Carl Bowen

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Tom Fowler, Jason Felix, Darren Frydendall, Fred
Harper, Leif Jones, Brian LeBlanc, Matt Roach

Front Cover: Doug Greg Alexander

Back Cover: Fred Harper

Layout and Typesetting by: Conan H. Venus

Developer s Note

Well, this is it. This is goodbye — my last Wraith book.
It's a wrench finally letting go, but the 12th century beckons
and it's time to go. I hope you've enjoyed the books I've done
over the past few years, and I'd like to think that some of
them might have given you more than just a good time —
like a thought or idea that matters to you, or maybe even a
few facts that you didn't know before. Thank you for taking
the time to read and play Wraith — and for being willing to
take a shot with your hard-earned cash on listening to what
I've had to say. So the most important Special Thanks goes to
you — players and Storytellers alike. This one's for you.

— The Deadguy

730 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

GAME STUDIO.

AE AMT A

Special Thanks To:

Ben "New York Mob" Monk, for trying to make peace when
he had nuthin'.

Steve "Moran Gang" Wieck, for demonstrating what gang-
sters from Georgia might sound like.

Ed "Capone Mob" Hall, for biting off more mobs than he

could chew.

Allison "Bank Robber" Sturms, for being one tough dame.

Jess "Murder Inc." Heinig, for being the new guy and taking
it like a man.

Authors Dedication and Special Thanks

To Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Pete Seeger, Phil Ochs, Buffy
Ste. Marie and the hundreds of other famous (and not-so-
famous) protest singers of the 1960s, whose music formed the
backdrop for a decade of gorgeous illusions and broken dreams.
Thanks for the memories.

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Re-
production without the written permission of the publisher is ex-
pressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only.
White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, World of Darkness, Vam-
pire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Hierarchy, Wraith Players Guide, Sea of

Shadows, Shadow Players Guide, Dark Kingdom of Jade, Dark King-
dom of Jade Adventures, Doomslayers Into the Labyrinth, The Book of Mirrors, The Book of Worlds, Guildbook
Spooks and Oracles, Guildbook Puppeteers and Pardoners, Guildbook Haunters, Guildbook Masquers, Guildbook
Sandmen, and Guildbook Artificers are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All charac-
ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA


Table of Conten

Ghost Story: ]
Ghost Story: Viking I
Introduction b
Chapter One: A History of Revolution 3
Chapter Two: Under the Gun: The Structure of the Renegades 45
Chapter Three: Bridges and Barricades: Renegade Relations 65
Chapter Four: Making the Revolution T
Chapter Five: The Soul ofa Renegade: Character Creation and Storytelig for Renegades. 97.
Chapter Six: Children of the Revolution Ta

Appendix: Leading the Charge legendary Renegade i?

Table of Contents


—

NN SS

hey call me CAT.

Which ain't bad, I guess...long
fi) as they're thinkin' of the feral, half-
starved creatures that hunt and prowl
|] and slink where they want and when
they want. If they're not — if they're
fi thinkin' I'm more like one of them
fat cats all pampered and prettied,
sittin' in the sun bein' done for — I'd rather they keep the
name t'themselves.

*Cause I ain't like that.

I never was.
Not even back when I was breathin' regular.

‘Course, they got a piece of it wrong. If ] really was
like a cat, I'd have me eight more lives to prance around
in, instead of just the one.

Still, they call me CAT.

Not my gang, you understand. We don't call each other
nothin', ‘cause names don't mean nothin' in the
Shadowlands except as a way of rememberin' things better
left forgot. If you remember, you're only foolin' yourself
and | didn't raise myself t'be no fool. 'Course, there are
some things worth rememberin', but I ain't talkin' about
no gentle, easy stuff you hear some wraiths moanin' and
cryin' about. Naw, | mean the important things like how
you died and who did it to you.

That gives you the strength t'carry on carryin' on, not
bein' named.

But still | hear em, whisperin' the name like it was some
kind of dirty joke. Them. The other Renegade gangs working
this domain. Men — or what used to pass for men when they
were on the other side — talkin' and pointin' and braggin'
t'one another how they're gonna catch me and mine and ei-
ther make us their slaves or sell us to the nearest soulforge.
Which ain't gonna happen.

] wasn't no man's slave on t'other side of the Shroud and
I sure as hell ain't gonna be one on this side. Same with the

forge. 1 sometimes wish one of them would try, just try...then
I'd show 'em what kind of claws this CAT's got.

Remora. She's my claw. Dainty, I guess is what some might
call her now — small enough to make anybody feel safe about
tryin' to take her off me — but she's big enough to make 'em
leak plasm when they try. Not too many soulforged daggers
like my Remora.

Remora.

That wasn't her name in the Skinlands, so it's not like
I'm tryin' to remember her the way she was or anything like
that. I just call her that now 'cause that's what she was then
— feedin' off my kills without havin' to get her hands dirty,
just like those fish that swim with sharks.

It's like the name CAT. Don't mean anything but what |
choose it to mean.

Like I said, I ain't no fool. Never was, on this side or
the other.

Remora couldn't say that. That's why | watched her
'n' followed her, like a shadow in her shadow, the mo-
ment I spotted the deadlight on her. That's why I Reaped
the Caul off her the minute she passed through, 'n' brought
her to a forge a minute after that. It was so I could keep
her close. Keep her safe. | didn't want any other Ren-
egade gang or barghest hunt to snatch her and forge her
into something for the Hierarchy. She was mine then; she's
mine now.

Forever.

An' that part | do remember and keep as close's I keep
her. My little Remora.

But tonight I ain't the only one rememberin'. My La-
dies are rememberin', too, even though they try t'hide it
from me. Silly. They should know by now that CATs can
see in the dark.

So I stand out in the middle of the street like I been
doin' and look at ''em. They're all huddled together on the

decayin' stoop of the brownstone — skin hanging off their
faces and arms, hair all matted with grave-grunge, eyes sunk
deep inside their skulls — but whisperin' and hissin'
through half-rotten lips like it was a regular Sunday pic-
nic. And laughin' up a storm.

Far as I'm concerned, there ain't nothin' funny when
a murdered woman laughs. I should know — I was one.

I am one.

Murdered right here, matter of fact, right inside from
where my Ladies are shootin' the breeze. Four stories up,
last apartment on the left — Home Sweet Home.

Not.

I look up and pretend I can see through the
brownstone's crumblin' brick and termite-eaten wood. |
can't, of course. There's things a wraith can no more do

8 Renegades

than the Quick can; but I pretend and close my hand over
Remora's hilt. The cold fire burns and freezes my dead flesh
at the same time.

"My, but don't you Ladies look comfortable," | say,
tightenin' my grip on Remora. | hear her moan from be-
tween my fingers. It's a pleasin' sound. "No one'd ever guess
you t'be Renegades."

The laughter dies, just like we all did.

"Is there a law against Renegades being comfortable?"
one of my Ladies asks. I think she was a teacher in the
Skinlands; she still tries to talk like it. "It's not as if we
have anything planned for the evening, do we?"

My, but she gets on my nerves sometimes.

"Evenin'?" I ask, looking up into a sky so black you'd
think y'were staring into a bucket filled with tar.

When you're Quick and breathin' you think you know
what dark is, what night is; but once you're dead you know
how wrong you were.

I thought the night I died was dark, but it was all sun-
shine and brightness compared to this.

It was dark when they caught me, darker still when they
did me and slit my throat. It was darkest when I woke up to
see what | thought was one of 'em comin' back for seconds.

But it didn't get much brighter when I fought and kicked

and tore myself free of the Caul. Guess that's why they call it
the Shadowlands.

Same they that call me CAT, more'n likely.

"Yeah," I finally say, "I got us something planned."

And the whisperin' starts up again. This time, though,
there ain't no laughter in it, just a kind of snappin' electricity
that sizzles the air. 1 know what my Ladies like and | give it to
‘em as much as I can. If I didn't, they'd probably hand my soul
to the highest bidder.

And | wouldn't blame them. Turnabout's fair play, after
all.

But I wait another minute more, just t'give ‘em a little
more to whisper about before | smile and say, "I found one of
‘em. He's a Legionnaire at a Stygian outpost not far from here."

And a sound — not a whisper, but a real sound so low
and hungry it would make my Corpus crawl if it still could —
fills the night and pushes the dark back a little.

I can't help but smile.

I handpick my Ladies, one by one, and that ain't easy;
what with needin' to keep a sharp eye out for any Reaper who
might want to add me to his quota.

But I manage, ‘cause | know exactly which of the just-
reborn Enfants I want.

Maybe it's cause | didn't have no help bein' reborn, or
maybe it's 'cause | was killed before my time, but | can see
right through a new Enfant's Caul to the revenge etched on
the sleepin' wraith's face.


I don't harvest men, even if they did die at the hands of
another, unless I need to barter for something. They just ain't
worth the trouble. Their Passions are too cold for what I need.
Too easy for em to refocus on something else, like the Hierar-
chy, the Heretics or politicking.

A woman's vengeance comes through the Shroud strong
and pure and hot, and I make sure it stays that way.

"One of ours?"

"One of our murderers?"

"Whose?"

"Does it matter?" J finally ask.

No, they answer with silence, it doesn't. It never mat-
ters. Only thing that matters at all is keeping the Passion
strong, keeping the vengeance alive in the land of the dead.

"Whichever one of you he killed, he's all of ours now,"
I remind them, not that I really have to. We're Renegades,
as solid and strong as any gang in the Shadowlands.

I just like to make sure we all remember that.

"He's cocky, though," I continue, addin' just a little
more fuel to the fire as my Ladies gather around me. "Likes
to stand out where everybody can see him and swing a
Thrall chain back and forth. I saw him use it like a whip
once to snag a Renegade to be made into the next link.
He's got real bad eyes. Evil, even for this side."

"Sounds like my husband—"

"My daddy—"

"My lover—"

"The crazy man down the street—"

The butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker. Doesn't
matter if it's one of their killers or not. All that matters is
keepin' the vengeance strong.

"Could be," I say to one and then to another. "Could
be. Let's get goin'."

And my Ladies fill the street — ragged bodies swaying
from side to side as they walk, loose necks cocked at odd
angles or hooked forward like vultures', grave-worn shoes
scraping against the broken asphalt — and move into fight-
ing formation without me havin' t'say a word; right down
the tattered yellow line like we own the street.

Which we do. For now. Unless we run into something
bigger and meaner. But until then, we move like we're car-
tying our weight in oboli and soulforged weapons.

We don't talk while we're on the move, and I always
take the lead; eyeballin' the deeper shadows for signs of

ors

attack and listenin' to the Lemures and Mittys scramble
through the rubble of buildings like the mice and roaches I
used to catch as a kid.

Me and my Ladies catch the useless wraiths for the
same reason. They ain't got no Passions 'cept maybe re-
gret, and that don't burn at all. So why not? If we don't take
advantage of the situation, some other gang or hunting party
will.

That's death for you.

"Is that him?"

I look up, almost surprised at how fast we got to the outpost.

The Legionnaire — a proud cock of the walk, a rooster of a

man who musta been nothin' more'n a beat cop back in the Skins *. (28

— is walkin' back and forth in front of the outpost as if he was /
one of the Deathlords himself.

It don't matter that he ain't got chains like in my story. He
looks like he mighta been the type to kill women, and that's all
my Ladies need to see.

The new sound that sweeps up from behind me would
make even a Mourner turn tail and run straight back to the
Tempest.

It's a dirge of hate, so pure and sweet that it makes the
Legionnaire squint into the darkness lookin' for the source of
it. Maybe he thinks one of the Deathlords is comin' by to say
howdy. Don't really care what he thinks, 'cause soon enough,
he and his stronghold are gonna know firsthand what's comin'
for 'em.

On the other side, I know there's a sayin' about Ven-
geance bein' the Lord's duty. But here, on this side, ol' Charon's
the lord and he's been missin' for some time now.

That bein' the case, I feel it only proper that vengeance
is mine.

And my Ladies', of course.

When I pull Remora from her scabbard and point her }

toward the wraith who has, for the moment, become all of ‘/
our murderers, I hear her voice mix with the song my Ladies |
are singing.
It makes me feel good.
It makes me feel alive.

19O-OO--0-0-0-O-0-0-0-08-0-0-0-0 0 Oc

They call me CAT.

But they whisper when they say it. And those who re-
member how, tremble at the sound.


gutta
ne

Yep
"9
Twevessset

"ty

thousand years ago, I'd have been a
Viking — a Norseman — a wolf-of-
the-sea. Call it what you will; they're
ii merely different terms for the same
| sailor-pirate-warrior-traders who used
A\ to terrorize the northern world be-
| cause it was easier (and more soul-sat-
isfying) than subsistence farming be-
tween glaciers and fjords.

That's if I'd been the same genetic "me" then that I am
today: a rangy six feet tall, with a face full of angles like a
Norwegian cliff and long hair as yellow as the sun that shines
; up north. Never mind the name — Snorri Sorenson — and
i the fact that I can't ever seem to stay in one place long enough
for boredom to spread its dust on me. Maybe | could've done
the violence thing — the old rape, pillage, plunder bit — but
I like to think my own private heaven would've been the pure
wanderlust of sailing out of sight of land on a long, sleek
drakkar, bound for Russia, Ireland, Iceland or even the Ameri-
cas.

I was, in fact, born 10 centuries later, complete with an
identical twin named Hrolf, with whom I shared a powerful
urge to go roaming whenever possible, while nominally at-
tending a big Southern university. College was really an ex-
cuse to sample everything I could that had any bearing on my
heritage, like studying Old Norse, hanging out with the local

{ ai
Bild taf

‘Soe Sr cally "Ui, SS

medieval re-creation society (where I learned the basics of
how to swing a sword and use a shield) and perfecting that
most universal of young male skills: how to hold my liquor. I
didn't try to be a rebel, I just was. Or maybe less a rebel
than simply my own man. With a twin as a built-in best
friend, I had no need to meet others' expectations.

But if I don't stop this infernal scribbling and take my
turn at the oars, I won't be anything — not in a form that's
sentient here in the Shadowlands. There's been a good wind 3
on this black sea, so we haven't had to do much rowing —
and no one's behind us that I can see — but that doesn't {|
mean anything, and one can't afford to drop one's guard.

Still, I wonder as I write this why I bother, except that *
maybe I want to leave some proof that I was not only here,
but that I tried to achieve something lasting and grand,
which I never had a chance to do on the other side. No,
scratch that, I want to leave Hrolf proof, for when he crosses
over, as I know he will because he's my twin and my other
half and my only significant Fetter. He's been the one thing
that's stayed with me forever, never judging me like our
folks did, and never wanting anything out of me, like all of
my friends did. I hope I'll be his Fetter, too, if it can work
that way. Or maybe we're each other's Shadows. I've
thought about that a lot, actually. Maybe when we meet
we'll sort of swap over and become two discrete wraiths,
like one dark and one light. That'd give the theosophers

Viking

| 12 Renegades

over here something to ponder besides the permeability of the Bosnian
Shroud or whatever the hell.

But I digress...

I've named this ship I'm captaining Naglfar, after the vessel the
Vikings thought would appear at Ragnarok: the ship made from the
nail parings of the dead, as this one is made of their souls. I stole it a
dozen islands back and named it, because a man ought to have a ship,
and a ship ought to have a name. I named the Toyota I had in life
Naglfar, too, but it didn't turn into a relic — at least not mine.

Names matter, I've discovered. Names give power to things and
places, and that keeps 'em "alive," here if not in the Skinlands. One
day, too, I will get to Stygia and visit its great library, and read all those
names: all those lost plays by the Greek playwrights, and those Norse
sagas and Mayan codices that exist beyond the Shroud only on lists
of things destroyed by the living.

But that's for later. For now, I have one thing to do — one
Passion, if you will — which is to destroy Valhalla. Not the real
Valhalla, mind you; the fake surrogate someone's contrived here among
the Far Shores as a plastic mockery of the genuine article I'm certain
exists elsewhere, because. ..well, because it just has to, now that I've
seen proof that there really is an afterlife. But the one I've heard
about — the one | saw actual images of — is no more Valhalla than
Sleeping Beauty's Castle at Disneyland is Neuschwanstein. And
frankly, there're some things that just ought not to be messed with.
And if Odin's priests think that hanging on a tree once a year for
knowledge makes 'em the genuine article, I'm afraid they've got an-
other think coming.

Unfortunately, so do I, because | managed to piss off a bunch of
‘em when I leveled that first sanctuary. I just came riding in off the
tide and nailed it with a couple of well-placed barrow-bombs — with
them all inside, of course.

I was young then, freshly dead of a broken neck.

I was playing lacrosse when I got hit wrong, landed wrong and
-~—SNAP! —180 pounds of young manhood became so much sur-
plus meat with a still-working brain stuck on. Well, and a mouth that
could beg my twin, as I lay in the hospital, to take a discarded needle
out of the trash and inject a fatal bubble of air into my I'V drip. Which
he did. Maybe that damned him there, but it saved me here.

I'll need all the help I can get, too, because a man with a Passion
that flies in the face of convention is always a hunted man. And my

-goal is simple, like I said: destroy the false Valhalla I found here among

the Far Shores (after I spent nearly a year trying to get here, once |
heard of the place), take word of that falsehood back to the
Shadowlands proper and proclaim to anyone who'll listen that their
own former blood and bone are being enslaved and deluded by bogus
priests. | might even point out that a war of liberation would be a
damned fine idea.

But first I have to get proof, and to do that, I have to find it,
secure it and return with it intact. Naglfar is a means to all three ends,
and besides, it makes me feel good to captain it, even if I don't trust
the wraiths in my crew — possibly because their agenda isn't the
same as mine, and possibly because my Shadow knows their

agenda too, and likes it better than mine. At least I feel bad
about the mayhem I practice in a righteous cause. The Shadow
doesn't. For it, rape and pillage suffice.

Thank Odin for the berserker-thing that keeps my dark half
incheck. Though come to think of it, he might be pretty damned
useful if his plan works — his wildly audacious, all-too-obvious
plot. (Which of course makes me suspicious. You never can tell
with your Shadow.)

In any event, I really need to put down this pen that never
runs out of ink for a while and set my shoulders, with the others,
to rowing.

9O-OO--O---2-0-O-0- OOO 00 Ot

I'm back now. I've been sitting in the stern watching that
screwy smoke that comes from ice-cold barrow-flame rise up to
merge with a sky that darkly mirrors its colors. My smoke. My
cold-fire. My revenge.

My bane.

Maybe I should transcribe this as poetry — staves of perfect
alliterative verse. It'd be the Viking thing to do, I bet.

But I can only recall.

We came upon them at dawn. I knew the place, because it
looked exactly like my namesake said it did in the Elder Edda:: an
island rising from an icy sea, fjords surrounding it and an enor-
mous mountain rearing sheer-sided from the center, like one of
those South American mesas that gave birth to the legends of
the lost world. There was a rainbow bridge, too, made of souls
that cried out to us as we trod upon them, each pleading for a
liberation | couldn't yet grant.

I had a sword I trusted, and a band of warriors I didn't. And
I ran up that long railless span two yards at a stride, with my
Shadow yammering "Bloodlust! Bloodlust! Bloodlust!" in a steady,
deadly drone. When we reached the top, I let him drive. Those
who support lies that enslave others deserve what they get. That's
something I believed Quick, and something I still believe now.
The Shadow believes it too, but without any of this "everyone
has a right to exist" crap. Or maybe (he tells me), he simply got
tired of indulging me. In any event, we both fought.

Fought, hell! We engaged in battle! Men and women in full
combat kit — all rings, intricate gilded soulsteel and boiled leather
— all after our blood, our souls, our heads. It was marvelous may-
hem, too; blade against blade, and wounds we knew were true
because our foes fell down before us, like as not, missing impor-
tant parts. They didn't get up, either — at least not before we
could get manacles on ‘em and lead ‘em away to the ship, so we
could take ‘em where they could be free.

That's how it was supposed to be — and for once that's how
it actually was: Ragnarok with a rock-and-roll soundtrack, be-
cause someone had a relic CD player and a relic CD of "Immi-
grant Song." .

And then we were all howling our way toward the massive
soulsteel doors of bogus-Odin's bogus citadel. They gave way be-

fore us since, to our surprise, someone had left them unbarred.
The door posts whipped by in a blur of complex zoomorphic carv-
ing and we entered the Hall of Heroes.

But there were no heroes anywhere about, just that damned
Odin wannabe standing there with his eye patch, his wide black
hat and something pretending to be his famous eight-legged steed.

No sword. No weapons of any kind.

"Thought and memory," he thundered, naming the raven-
shapes that hovered near. "Huginn and Muninn. Thought and
memory run things here."

I glared at him, and almost ran him through then and there.
My Shadow wanted to, but I fought him down. "You aren't Odin,"
I spat.

He ignored the accusation. "You're a long way from your
twin, boy. A long way from your Fetter."

Anger wracked me, yet somehow I contained it. There was
no way he could have learned about Hrolf. And yet—

"How do I know?" Odin smirked, not waiting for my reply.
"Maybe I got tired of having my coasts ravaged, and consulted a
certain seer, who told me that the great Captain Snorri Sorenson
had a twin in the Skinlands — a twin in jail under suspicion of
murdering his own brother. A twin who might hang himself when
he realizes what he's truly done."

"Thereby dispersing me," I growled bitterly. My Shadow had
certainly told me enough about that.

Battle erupted around me: Odin's acolytes had hacked their
way inside and were attacking mine. | ignored them. For me the
room was empty except for the blasphemous imposter.

"Better you tend your kin," Odin grinned. "Better you let
Valhalla lie!"

"Lie indeed!" I shouted back. Before he could even reach
for a sword or shield, I hewed his head from his shoulders. It hit
the floor, bounced twice, then spoke from where it lay atop the
pavement with plasm slowly oozing from the stump of its neck.
"Kinslayer! You are the son of my blood across 50 generations. |
who was a Viking and made this place, because some kind of |
Valhalla had to be. We are blood!" |

I turned from him, not believing at that point, then rallied
my troops and put the place to the barrow-bomb. The icy confla-
gration blazes still, assailing the sky like a god's funeral pyre.

And me? It seems that I must wreak vengeance on myself.
Like Signy, I have betrayed one to whom I was bound by blood,
when I was already bound to another. I think, therefore, I owe
myself a death — my own, I guess — for killing my own kin. So
now I'll return to the Shadowlands, where, somehow, I'll con-
trive the demise of my still-living twin and be consigned to
Oblivion. My death will be doubled for my ancestor's, and all
things will be set right.

But that still raises the question: Where do souls go when
they die? I don't know, but I still believe, more fiercely than ever,
in Valhalla. And with Hrolf at my side, | would dare even
Oblivion to prove the legend of Asgard to be true.


VE a

*N

S

SN in, \\


etters trom the Barricades

Transcript of a speech given in Central
atk, The New York Necropolis,
Nay 198

We gather here this evening in the center of one of
Stygia's most corrupt and influential Necropoli. Our presence
serves a single purpose: to show the Legions that we exist and
that their days are numbered.

The Deathlords and their lackeys label us Renegades.
They're wrong. We call ourselves freedom fighters. We op-
pose the oppressive Empire of Stygia and everything it repre-
sents — eternal slavery, rule by fear and the abuse of power.
By denying Stygia its authority to dictate our every action
and its right to monitor our thoughts, we deprive it of some of
its power. By taking actions to oppose the Legions, we strike a

blow for freedom and demonstrate to other wraiths that they
do not have to exist as slaves.

The Hierarchy portrays us as troublemakers. They insist
that, by undermining their orderly and stable society, we serve
Oblivion. They lie.

We don't seek to destroy Stygia so much as to liberate it;
to rip free the shackles of servitude and ignorance that bind
its citizens to its rotting corpse. By opposing those who en-
force unquestioning obedience and blind submission, we
strengthen ourselves against the overwhelming despair that
drags so many wraiths into the jaws of Oblivion. We refuse to
accept the slave mentality encouraged by the Hierarchy. In-
stead, we foster the ideals of liberty and free expression, of °
individual responsibility and willing cooperation. These quali-
ties make up our arsenal of weapons, and they are just as ef-
fective against Oblivion as they are against the Legions.

Look around you. The wraiths standing next to you, in
front of you or behind you all share something with you. Some-
thing brought them here tonight to listen to a speech by one
of the Renegades, one of the "outlaws" of the Stygian Empire.
What brought you to this place? Curiosity? Good. That means
you've learned to question at least part of what you've been

introduction 15


told. Hunger? If you came here to feed on righteous anger, go
ahead — sate yourselves. Maybe you'll pick up something else
along with your meal, like a few ideas to kick around in that
dead mind of yours. Excitement? Well, things have been pretty
tame so far, but I can't guarantee that in the next few minutes
the shit won't hit the fan. You'll have your share of thrills
then, and you'll discover that living on the front lines and
running for your soul delivers a jolt of excitement you won't
find in any Hierarchy desk job.

Some of you have undoubtedly come to spy on us and
then report back to your Hierarchy bosses or your patrol lead-
ers. | pity you, but I also welcome your presence here. You
need to hear what I have to say. Even if you discount my ve-
racity today, you'll remember my words tomorrow. Maybe you'll
begin to question the decisions of your leaders and start to
think for yourselves. If you do that, the next time you come
to one of our rallies, you'll come to join us.

In the meantime, I'd suggest that you get ready to run —
or defend yourselves. That whistle from my lookouts means
that the Legionnaires are on their way. If you're just here on a
lark, then get your ass away from the park now. If you're tired
of being pushed around or if you care to risk everything to
strike one solid blow in the name of freedom, then get ready
to push back. You may lose, but the Hierarchy has already lost
its hold on your soul!

16 Renegades

Overheard in the hack room of Sal s
Japroom, May 2, 1998:

Yeah, I heard about what happened at the rally last night.
How many of those so-called freedom fighters made it out of
the park? Not many. Most of 'em got hauled off to the forges
early this morning, so I'm told.

You want to know where the real Renegades are? You're
lookin' at one. Me and my gang say, "Fuck the system," and
we mean it. Here's how I see it:

The Hierarchy gives us nothing, and we owe it nothing
in return. It just sits like a greedy dog perched on top of a pile
of bones it claims but can't possibly eat. We're the bone-pick-
ers, and here's how we do it.

We hear about this Renegade rally in the park. We don't
go there ourselves. Instead, we stay put and wait for the heat
to come down. Meanwhile, we let the word get out that we're
a safe haven in case things get tough.

Sure enough, the Legionnaires hit the park and some of
the ones that get away come to us. We hide ‘em, cause Sal
pays the Legions not to look in his Haunt. But a hideyhole
ain't cheap, so we charge a small fee for staying here, plus
another small fee for transportation to a safe place. It's not


our fault if the safe place gets compromised — and if we col-
lect another small fee from the Legions in the process....

See, to my way of thinking, being a Renegade means that
you fuck everyone, regardless of where anyone stands. The
minute you start being for something, you stop bucking the
system. We're against everything, unless we can make a profit
from it.

So what makes us different from Hierarchy finks? Here's
the philosophical part: Because of us, nobody trusts anybody.
And that pulls the Moliated rug out from under the
Empire...and lets us sell the rug to the highest bidder.

Port Authority Bus Station, May 2, 1998:

See that yokel with the backpack getting ready to board
the Express to Nashville? I'm jumping in his skin and get-
ting the hell out of this town. No, I didn't go to the rally
yesterday, and no, nobody warned me away from it, either.
I don't do rallies.

I'm what you might call a private Renegade.

Yeah, the Grim Legion grabbed me fresh from
the Skinlands, before my Caul was dry.
They trained me for a few weeks and
then sent me out with one of their

patrols to fight Oblivion. Ha! I

Totes

took one look at "Oblivion" and nearly lost my eyeballs.
Then I took off in the other direction.

It's like this. I already died once. | don't feel like doing 4
it again — for real, this time. I guess my desertion makes ‘|
me a Renegade to most people. I call myself a survivor. The
Hierarchy feeds us a line about how we can make a differ-
ence in the war against the Spectres and the enemies of
Stygia, but I don't see that. I also don't like being threat-
ened with the soulforges if I don't behave.

So, I decided to pack it in. I'm not the only one who
feels this way, either. Not everybody has the courage of their
convictions. Heck, I don't even think I'd know a convic-
tion if it walked up to me and shook my hand. I just want to
stay in one piece and avoid getting my Corpus ripped to .
shreds in the name of something I don't believe in.

My friends are over there too, picking out some bodies
to Skinride out of town. We tend to move around a lot, *
because if we stay in one place for too long, the patrols get >
suspicious. Oh, every now and then, we run messages for
one of the Renegade gangs — since we're technically
in the same class they are — but we don't do
anything that puts our own asses at risk.

ra ~

a

* ~
~~ -)

If you want to waste yourself fight-
ing a losing battle against the things
that live in the Tempest, be my

guest. Me — I'm outta here.


ty

M ‘ ‘ h if

Interview with a Pacitist, May 3, 1998:
I did not attend that unfortunate rally in Central Park,
lest I call unwanted attention to myself. That does not mean
I support the Legions. Oh no, far from it. I simply choose
to do things in my own manner.

The Hierarchy robs us of everything — our dignity,
our freedom and, in many cases, our right to exist. Most
importantly, it forbids us the one thing that makes this
desolate time in the Shadowlands bearable — the
hope of Transcendence.

No, I am not a Heretic, seeking a mythical para-
dise on the Far Shores. Transcendence does not
come that easily or that simply. We achieve Tran-

scendence through cutting our ties to the
Shadowlands, meeting all of our obligations and break-
ing our chains. The Hierarchy would keep us here to fight
its battle against Oblivion and to bolster the armies of
the Deathlords. They do not want us to escape them
through achieving a higher state of being or a new life in
the world of flesh.
That is why I am a Renegade, for I turn my back on
the Hierarchy. I do not fight them with fists or swords or
guns; | struggle against them with my power to refuse them.
AOE , i ae I deny them what they want most — my acceptance of
to yi) - vii, their authority over me. |

\\ ea I do not serve in the Legions or support the puppet
| \bis > >» * . Guilds. I own nothing made of souls, not even an obolus.
| wy fa \/ ArNe , I have a few relics, items that came through the Shroud
‘ \ LANG, Thi AP with me when | died or that friends have given or traded
\ \ ; ily \\ | 1 \aw \ to me for favors. All else, I do without.

NN

"oe ‘ :

Nd N VEN . I do not resort to violence, for such is the Hierarchy's
\\ \ \ _) ) wy \ Y weapon, not mine. I speak, as | am speaking to you, to
A yf " | whoever will listen, hoping that I can convince others to
join me. If all the wraiths in the Shadowlands refuse to
cooperate with the Hierarchy, if they stop delivering souls
into the hands of the Legions, if they refuse to work for
the Deathlords, the Empire will collapse under its own
weight. Once more, we will be free to seek that which lies
just outside our grasp.

A voice in the alley, May 3, 1998

The day after the rally, three truckloads full of forge-
bait left for Stygia. Only two made it out of the city. The
third truck got hijacked by a bunch of Renegades — us.
Call us liberators, if you want. I think of us as alternative
entrepreneurs. See, the Legions don't profit from turning
prisoners over to the soulforges or the slave markets —
excuse me — Thrall malls. That's their job.

But we got a deal going with some of the transport
units. They look the other way while we make off with

AN ORR ee

—

emer re,

part of their haul, then report an attack by an army of
Renegades. They take their losses, but it's no skin off their
backs.

Meanwhile, we have a truckload of wraiths sweat-
ing Pathos 'cause they've just avoided becoming some
Deathlord's patio furniture. Thralls are expensive, if you
get em from the Hierarchy. We sell 'em a lot cheaper,
and have enough left over to kick back a few oboli to the
patrols that closed their eyes at the right time.

Hey, don't tell us we're not Renegades. You don't see
us marching street patrol or taking off into the Tempest to
fight Spectres. Besides, we never manage to sell off every
wraith we liberate. Some of 'em we let go, especially if they
can pay us to slip their chains. That keeps us righteous in
my book.

Somewhere in the Shadowlands,
ay, 198

Rallies and peaceful protests don't work. The only
thing the Hierarchy understands is might. If they fuck us,
we'll fuck them back, harder. We're here to bring down
the system any way we can. The Legions aren't misguided,
they're our enemies. This isn't about ethics or morality or
justice; it's about destroying a monster and surviving the
aftermath.

Most Renegades are gutless wonders — all talk and no
action. No one will vote the Hierarchy out of power or
talk it into giving up and going away. We have to blow it
up, rip it apart and tear it down.

Call us the Revolutionaries. The big guys in Stygia
and the Necropoli call us terrorists. That works, too. Don't
get me wrong, though. We're not suicidal. We intend to
win our war against the Empire.

Unlike those martyrs who make pretty speeches and
end up screaming on the anvil, we bide our time, storing
up our caches of weapons and building our armies. Every
now and then, we strike somewhere — just to make the
Hierarchy nervous. We don't want the Legions to suspect
that we've got bigger plans than just ambushing a patrol
or freeing a political prisoner from their holding cells. We
have training camps, safe houses, secret arsenals — we even
hold a few Necropoli now. Our time is coming. -

Do we make deals with Spectres? Come on, what do
you think? The enemy of my enemy...

Times Square, May 6, 1998:

They tell me I'm a Renegade. I never meant to become
one. I just enjoy Skinriding, and every now and then I like to
visit my family. There's this medium I've been seeing, too.


Anyway, those things are illegal. They sent a patrol to my Haunt
and gave me a warning for the first offense. The Legionnaire told
me I got off easy that time and that I should "cease and desist"
my violations of the Dictum Mortuum.

I tried. For a week, I gave it my best shot. Then I got home-
sick and it just seemed natural to jump inside my big brother's
girlfriend and visit the old homestead. They were waiting for me
when I got back, but I ran like hell. I've been running ever since.

I hooked up with some people who felt like I did. We
formed a gang and that's how | came to be a Renegade.

I don't really care one way or the other about the Hierar-
chy or the war against Oblivion or whether or not I'm wear-
ing soulforged earrings or if my pocket change groans. | just
want to do what I want to do. Is that too much to ask? Yeah,
I know the answer to that. That's why I'm a Renegade. The
rally? Nah, I didn't make it. ] was busy with personal stuff.
Maybe next time, if it's safe.

Down on the Comer, May 6, 1998:

What a crock of shit! Rallies? Are you people for real?
You talk real purty, let's see ya get your Corpus dirty and
waste some of these Hierarchy fuckers. Then you can talk
to me about being a Renegade. "Til then, fuck you and your
"political consciousness."

Renegades,
Ya Gotta Love ern

Trying to pin down the definition of a Renegade belongs
right up there with goals like keeping the beach dry at high
tide or finding a needle in a stack of pins. Renegades, by their
natures, defy classification. By necessity, they shun ready marks
of identification. If someone claims to be a Renegade, look
for her Hierarchy badge — or start running.

Every society, even the most tolerant and liberal, pro-
duces its dissidents — individuals and groups who don't fit
the norm or who bear some grievance against the prevailing
regime. The Hierarchy's excessive inflexibility and oppres-
sive practices spawn Renegades of all sorts. Taken as a group,
these rebel wraiths constitute a gigantic thorn (pun intended)
in the Hierarchy's side. However, Renegades rarely do any-
thing "as a group." Agreeing only to disagree, they most often
become their own worst enemies. Factionalism and philo-
sophical tunnel vision most often prevent the various Ren-
egade gangs from achieving any kind of coalition, except un-
der the direst of circumstances. Temporary alliances dissolve
as soon as the immediate threat has passed.

20 Renegades

Avie
ee,

a eo Agr
eo bg ok

' 4,4

Everyone s a Critic

Every Renegade nurses a beef. Some oppose the Hierar-
chy on moral or ethical grounds, condemning such practices
as forging souls, enslaving Thralls or forbidding contact with
the Skinlands. Others resent the idea of any kind of authority
holding sway over the Underworld, preferring the concept of
absolute freedom and anarchy to even the most vestigial form
of government. Many wraiths become Renegades by running
afoul of the Hierarchy; this faction includes a few ex-Legion-
naires as well as a host of petty criminals, misfits and outlaws.
Still more wraiths simply ignore the Hierarchy as much as
possible, focusing on their own personal struggles in the world
beyond the Shroud; although they don't consider themselves
opponents of the established order, the powers that be label
them Renegades and hunt them down as vigorously as they
pursue the most troublesome activists. Regardless of what
makes a wraith into a Renegade, the presence of these gad-
flies and critics of the Stygian Empire attest to one inescap-
able truth: Something is very, very wrong with the Under
world as it stands.

How to Use This Book

This sourcebook examines the history, ways and means
of the various groups that collectively form the Underworld's
Renegade faction. It is a book about rebellion, dissension, revo-
lution, anarchy and stubborn refusal to go along with the
crowd. United only by their opposition to the Hierarchy, Ren-
egades comprise one of the most diverse communities of
wraiths beyond the Shroud. As such, this group provides Sto-
rytellers and players with an abundance of ideas for chronicles
and characters.

Chapter One: A History of Revolution offers a com-
mentary on the history of the Renegades as well as a glimpse
of the "other side" of the official evolution of Stygia and
the Shadowlands.

Chapter Two: Under the Gun examines the various
groups that make up the Renegades, from philosophical ide-
alists to street fighters to Byway gangsters. It details the
different types of Renegade gangs that exist in the Under-
world as well as how various factions of Renegades inter-
act with one another.

Chapter Three: Bridges and Barricades places Ren-
egades within the greater society of wraiths and examines
their connections to other creatures in the World of Dark-
ness.

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution reveals the tac-
tics of Renegade groups as well as new Backgrounds, Abili-
ties and Arcanos arts. This chapter contains nuts-and-bolts
instructions on how to play a Renegade.

rt; FN FH te

feb]

a a)

ve == O©=£:. © ft et ee &

et tO ch

oOo

Par-

ces
rith
rity
tof
brm
ing
iOon-
AWS.

orld
ves
abel
hey

pad-

cap-
der-

es of
Sto-
nicles

com-
mpse
1 and

rious
| ide-
s the
inder-

nter-

Ren-
nines

ark-

le tac-
A bili-
-bolts

ny
aver.

Chapter Five: The Soul of a Renegade looks at charac-
ter creation and gives some ideas about roleplaying a Ren-
egade character as well as creating a chronicle centered on
Renegades.

Chapter Six: Children of the Revolution offers some
ready-made Renegades to insert into your own chronicle or
customize to suit your needs.

The Appendix: Leading the Charge details some of the
Underworld's most famous or notorious Renegades.

Reels Al

Several themes converge in this supplement about those
who turn their backs on the establishment. Defiance lurks
within every Renegade. Its expression differs according to its
object. Most rebellious wraiths spit in the face of something
— the Hierarchy, the Legions, Oblivion, the Dictum Mort-
uum, existence, the Underworld or just the wind. The desire
for freedom ranks high on the list of wraiths who find them-
selves confronted with the prospect of an afterlife as a Thrall
or worse. The process that transforms an individual Renegade's
opposition to the status quo into the determination to over-
throw, alter or ignore it sparks the fire of revolution.

Not all Renegades serve lofty ideals. Some work for their
own personal gains — self-indulgence, power in the Under-
world or the right to do as they please. The lack of high moral
standards does not prevent a wraith from becoming a Ren-
egade, though, and Heaven help any wraith who thinks that
the Renegades are all "good guys."

In many ways, the "Renegade Movement" is one of the
Underworld's most egalitarian, equal-opportunity organiza-
tions. The diversity found within Renegade society comprises
another motif that runs throughout this book.

jars of Revolution

Many moods combine among the pages of this book. By
and large, Renegades are an angry bunch. Outlawed by the
Hierarchy, persecuted, prosecuted, vilified and condemned for
their inability to toe the line, Renegades find hundreds of
ways to express the depths of their rage against a system they
abhor. Most Renegades are extremely serious about what they
do. Their determination forms the backbone of the "move-
ment" and serves as a stronger barricade against their enemies
than any construction of soulforged bricks and barbed wire.
Idealism and cynicism bed together successfully — if not com-
fortably — among the Renegades. The ability to envision
change keeps many rebellious souls from falling prey to apa-
thy and despair when confronted by the enormity of their
task. A strong current of pride — in their cause and in them-
selves —- counters the hopelessness that tempts many Ren-
egades to pack it in and sign up for the next forge-bound ex-
press train to Stygia.

ibliograp

The literature of revolution is extensive. Libraries and
bookstores are full of the writings of famous revolutionaries
such as Thomas Paine, Mao Tse Tung, Maximilien Robespierre
and Che Guevara. The following books present a sampling of
titles on revolutions and their instigators.

About Revolution

Exodus and Revolution, by Michael Walzer, examines the
parallels between modern radicalism and the biblical account
of the Jewish Exodus.

Revolution: 500 Years of Struggle for Change, by Mark Al-
mond, presents a country-by-country look at the phenomenon
of violent social change. This volume is filled with handy
timelines and thumbnail sketches of the principal players.

Revolutionaries and Functionaries: The Dual Face of Ter-
rorism, by Richard Falk, looks at the uses of terror tactics as a
means of revolution as well as an end in themselves.

The World Atlas of Revolutions, by Andrew Wheatcroft,
offers a chronological account of revolutions throughout the

world from 1776 to 1980.

Biographies and Memoirs

Borstal Boy, by Brendan Behan, describes the author's
turbulent and troubled boyhood with his customary dark hu-
mor and graphic irony.

Biography of a Runaway Slave, by Miguel Barnet, tells
the true story of Cuban revolutionary Esteban Montejo,
who rose from slavery to become a guerrilla fighter in the
Cuban Revolution.

Insider: My Hidden Life as a Revolutionary in Cuba, by Jose
Luis Llovio-Menendez, tells the first-hand story of one man's
disillusionment with the reality of an ideal.

The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as
Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the

Direction of the Marquis de Sade (Marat/Sade), a play by Peter |

Weiss, presents a cutting satire on the harsh reality of revolu-
tion. It also has one of the best titles of any book published in
the last century.

The Revolutionary Career of Maximilien Robespierre, by
David P. Jordan, chronicles the life and times of one of the
French Revolution's seminal thinkers and tacticians.

Walden and Resistance to Civil Government, by Henry
David Thoreau, is a landmark work on the politics of passive
resistance and quiet revolution.

Writings on Civil Disobedience and Nonviolence, by Leo
Tolstoy, presents a compilation of political thought by one of
Russia's most profound and influential philosopher-authors.

introduction 21


—

4 ‘


Biber pre eip: tes

Opening Words

ear ine, rebellious Muses, whose bloody
hands and incendiary tongues have
spurred the souls of mortals to acts of
righteous anger since the dawn of the
ages. Fill now my battered heart and
broken lips with words of hope and in-
spiration that I might faithfully
chronicle the deeds of those whose dedi-
cation to freedom and opposition to tyranny have branded them
anathema and earned for them the epithet of Renegades. Open
the eyes of those who read this treatise that they may under-
stand the truth hidden behind the lies that hold them captive in
an empire of slavery and fear.

Right. Like anyone's listening up there in Musetown. I just "

had to prove that I could get as literary as any historian with an
office in the Onyx Tower. Unlike the toadies who stroke the
Deathlords' pride with their accounts of the noble efforts of
Charon, Inc., | haven't been around for centuries. Not yet, any-
way. I don't have the poetic genius of Dante or the dedication of
Herodotus, but I do have a few credentials that qualify me for the
task of compiling a history of what "they" call the Renegade Move-
ment. I'll address that misnomer later on, after I get this intro-
duction behind me.

Who am I, and what makes me think I can write a history of
revolution and anarchy in the Underworld?

Chapter One: A History of Revolution

eee Twente


First of all, my name isn't that important anymore.
It used to mean something when I was alive. Seeing my
byline plastered across the front pages of newspapers and
on magazine covers translated into money in the bank.
What I do — or did — in the Skinlands gives credence to
my literary/journalistic pretensions here on this side of
the Shroud.

I made my living as a war correspondent. For about
30 years, I hit all the major hot spots in the world: Belfast,
Beirut, Vietnam, Cambodia, Central America, the West
Bank, Los Angeles, Detroit, Kuwait — you name it, I've
seen it and written about it. I built my reputation on de-
bunking the laudatory reports of the official press. |
scraped my pen along the underbelly of every uprising
and war of liberation I could find, and tried to bring the
real story to the attention of the public. I had to compete
with the edited versions of the truth promulgated by the
authorities; sometimes my articles were never published
or else, when they did appear in print, some editor slashed
away all the good bits and left only the harmless pap that
the readers were supposed to believe. The underground
presses, on the other hand, loved me.

Then came Bosnia — and I ended up here in the
Shadowlands. My Reaper belonged to a gang of Renegades
called Les Enfants Terribles — The Bad Kids. It seems
they'd waited around for someone or something to do me
in so they could claim me before the Legions did. I owe
them for that.

This history is my way of repaying them for keeping
me out of the Deathlords' armies or the soulforges. You
won't find this account in any library of any Necropolis
— except for the ones we call ours. Stygia has blacklisted
it, and any wraith caught with a copy gets a one way ticket
to the Artificers' workshops. The copy you hold in your
hands has probably been passed around from one gang
to another; that explains the commentaries that occur
every few pages or so. I don't claim to hold a monopoly
on the truth, so if you see something you disagree with
or have something to add, feel free. After all, you're a
ee cee right?

1d well add
Sa eae commie

Now that I've covered the basics, let's get this show
on the road.

vg
sl
it'
th

St
in
fr


nk.

BOT

out
ASE,
est
I've
de-
3. I
ing
the
hete
the
hed
hed
hat

nd

the
Les
PINS
b me
owe

ing
You
Olis

ted
eKet
our
Pali g
CUP
poly
vith

ro 4

MhOW

be founding 0 of Stygia

Technically, the history of the Renegades begins with
‘ne founding of Stygia. In reality, we existed in the
snadowlands long before Charon erected his monument to
vithority and stagnation on the shores of the Sunless Sea.
The history of oppression stretches far back in time to those
murky days of prehistory. In those early days, most Ren-
"gates (and we weren't called by that name until later), arose
werever one group of people exerted its power over another
[ puation. Most societies, nomadic or agrarian, owned
saves or Kept war captives for forced labor When these un-
mrunates died and found themselves in the Shadowlands,
"ieir resentment at their stolen lives did not die with them.

One of the earliest recorded accounts of Skinlands Ren-
"gales hivolved the mass exodus of thousands of Hebrew
saves Irom Egypt sometime during the second millennia
BCE. "Let my people go," has a familiar ring to it, doesn't
"? Like those 12 tribes of rebellious former slaves, however,
Ls prowa-Renegades who crossed over into the Shadowlands
stent their early years wandering around aimlessly, nurs-
"ig ‘help grievances and itching for some way to vent their
ristration at the raw deal life had dealt to them.

Then Charon founded Stygia. We had a target.

We? He sounds gy thouah & |
thas beech pare |
fehally responsible for revelation throy (.

out histor Does this Wbstart bh
oto) ourh
ist actualy CO%n bar himself f tha 5 oy

whe have ob rash ed for centuries? ;
— Deborah

havent wor yer |
le of trousers

Lame O!G W ¢ my?

— Who neEdS QArigetS? —
Simin

Chapter One: A History of Revolution

Ze Pitt oe a 9 wee n weer ote tn
— ‘As 5 ? ie
"e we . bs : ar, 4

" bk the)
[ne Republic the
thei

Charon modeled his city of dreams on the Roman Re- par
public. According to the official record, the Republic of whi
Stygia heralded a golden age for the Shadowlands, bring. how
ing light and order to the formerly disorganized chaos that este

characterized the afterlife. In the beginning, most wraiths

bought into Charon's vision, figuring that something —

anything — was better than the near-nothingness in which

they had existed. Suddenly there was somewhere to go, fr
something to do while waiting to cross to the Far Shores

where Transcendence awaited.

Then things started to get ugly, beginning with Nhudri

and his forge. At first, most wraiths simply accepted the doo
buildings and roads that rose up to form the City of Souls. of t
Then a few started asking questions, like Where did al! cru
those building blocks come from? Or, Why do the stones arr
we walk on groan with every footstep? And there was the ject
ever-popular What happened to good ol' Marcellus the An- wre
gry? ten
Inquiring minds wanted to know, and they demanded ger
answers from Charon and his council of seven Senators tire

(not yet known as Deathlords). Some of those questioners abi
disappeared mysteriously, but eventually the truth came
out. Nhudri and his Artificers were forging souls into mal- tog
leable substances and fashioning material objects, such whi
as weapons, armor, coins, bricks and paving stones from .
them. Charon assured the citizens of Stygia that only those | wit
souls who were too weak to remain in the Shadowlands CPO
and seek Transcendence became fodder for the forges. He ven
made a great speech, quoted many times in the official sel
5. records of the Hierarchy, concerning the need to use che
~ these weak-willed souls as bulwarks against Oblivion. der
AP Even today, you'll find many Renegades who don't
object to using gutless wonders and Fetterless wraiths oft
as raw building materials. What most of us do condemn, Ib,
universally and unequivocally, is the process whereby bid
wraiths are chosen for the forges. Instead of confining par
themselves to souls who arrive in the Shadowlands abc
without Fetters and would otherwise slip immediately wit
into the arms of Oblivion, Charon and his crew also ant
included anyone who disagreed with the authorities eve
in their sweeps for forgeable souls. em
That news turned many wraiths away from their
unabashed admiration and near-worship of Charon,
In the meantime, the Roman Republic in the
Skinlands, which served as Charon's model for Stygia, .
grew into an empire and its excesses increased. Soon, K.
siaves outnumbered free citizens in Rome. Since the D
life of a slave mattered little, the Shadowlands be- T)
came clotted with the souls of abused, exhausted and
tortured slaves. Many of these had very strong Fetters
— their families, homelands and the few possessions
; i ~ ; a < oo Seas ~ <a = pe


nan Re-
Lblic of
, bring:
os that
raiths
ing —
1 which
to go,
Shores

Nhudri
Led the
"Souls.
did all
stones
yas the
he An-

anded
nators
joners
l came
Oo mal-
1, such
5 from
‘those
lands
res. He
bfficial
Lo use
vion.
1 don't
raiths
demn,
ereby
fining
lands
liately
also
Pities

their
Bron.
in the
Hy gia,
Soon,
ce the
ds be-
d and
etters
Bsions

bg ‘ é . .

7 a Ha: Os

they managed to hang onto in life. Too strong for the forges,
they joined the ranks of Stygia's citizens. Although many of
them fell for Charon's propaganda, a few recognized the trans-
parent resemblance between Stygia and the Roman Empire
which had profited from their lives and deaths. Most of them,
however, realized that they had little chance of changing the
established order — at least for the time being.

Blah, blah, blah. Get to the bloody

point|

Nightshade

In 73 B.C.K., a Roman slave named Spartacus led a
doomed uprising of slaves and gladiators against the might
ci the Roman Empire. Needless to say, the legions of Rome
crushed the incipient revolt and crucified its leaders. The
arrival in the Shadowlands of Spartacus and his cohorts in-
‘ected a new awareness into the consciousness of those
wraiths already dissatisfied with Stygia. Even though his at-
‘empt at hreaking free of Rome's power had failed, Spartacus
served as a rallying point for many wraiths who had grown
tired of sitting around complaining, or who despaired of their
apility to challenge the iron grip of Stygian rule.

Of course, it took a while for Spartacus to get his act
together. Legends claim that he took one look at the Reaper
wao tried to slap a pair of manacles on him and decked him
witna single blow, thus gaining his freedom immediately upon
orossing through the Shroud. Other stories claim that he pre-
tended to comply with his Reaper and, when he found him-
sei in line for the soulforges, used his strength to snap his
chains and fled into the Tempest — taking a number of con-
jemned souls along with him.

I think that neither of these stories is true, although both
"tthe serve to rally the masses. My theory, and I can't verify
"is that Spartacus learned from his mistakes and simply
hided his time, proving his worth as something more than a
waving stone. When he had learned what he needed to know
avout how to move around in the Tempest and how to deal
wth his Shadow, he just turned his back on Stygian society
sud became one of the leaders of the Renegades. At least,
‘very now and then, someone who calls himself Spartacus
emerges from hiding and stirs things up again.

— SOME IDIOTS SHOULD LEARN TO
KEEP THEIR MOUTHS SHUT AND STOP
DREDGING UP OLD MEMORIES AND
TROUBLES. — S.

vary!

ome Falls, Renegades Rise.

The official chroniclers of Stygian misinformation make their
first mention of Renegades in conjunction with the fall of the
Roman Empire in the Skinlands. A more accurate account —
mine — puts a different spin on the story. Stygia already had its
complement of discontented, disillusioned wraiths. Rome's fall
just swelled our numbers and brought us to Charon's attention.

The appearance in the Shadowlands of large numbers of |
wraiths who, in life, had opposed the might of Rome caused a {¢,
great stir within Stygia. Many of these newcomers came from the © KR
ranks of the barbarian tribes who saw the Roman Empire as a |
decadent and ineffectual enemy. Others came from elements within .
Roman society who had fallen out of political favor What they saw
when they arrived on the other side of the Shroud reminded them
of the decadent and licentious tyranny they had left behind.

A spate of internal disruptions rocked Charon's city and ex- .
tended beyond Stygia's boundaries to the Byways. The perpetra- ia
tors of these actions — actions which included attacks on cara- ‘ij!
vans of souls bound for the forges (not, as they believed, for the
Far Shores) — saw themselves as liberators of slaves. Charon,
however, branded them criminals and outlaws. In retrospect, the
greatest, mistake these early Renegades made lay in assaulting
Charon's beloved Ferrymen.

Charon responded to these outbreaks of "boat rocking" by
creating his Equitees, or knights — precursors of the Legions.
Stygia's ruler charged his elite corps of mounted flunkies with j{
the job of rooting out those who stood against his Republic, brand- "7
ing them "Renegades" in the process. The name stuck.

The First Great Maelstrom

No account of this period of Stygian history is com- }\
plete without a mention of the real effect of the fall of Rome .
on the Shadowlands — the First Great Maelstrom. Over. ;
whelmed by the numbers of souls crowding through the .('
shroud as a result of the rampant destruction and looting \'
that occurred when the Empire of Rome collapsed, Charon's |:
Ferrymen and Equitess failed to notice the disturbances |
beyond the Byways until it was nearly too late. The swarms
of Spectres that choked the streets of Stygia and laid waste
to the City of the Dead gave the lie to Charon's great experi-
ment.

The libraries of Stygia and the Necropoli bulge with ac-
counts — firsthand and otherwise — of that Maelstrom and
its aftermath, so I won't bore you with yet another descrip-
tion. What matters is that, in the wake of it all, Charon and
his cronies looked around for someone to blame and found
— you guessed it — the Renegades. Never mind that the
Ferrymen fell flat on their faces, unable to keep up with
their workload; ignore the fact that Spectres aren't mind-

BD i LE rah Re NP

Chapter One: A History of Revolution

eee eo Jaye om, Laie USES

iess idiots but instead keep tabs on what goes on outside
their domain so that they can plan attacks to their best
advantage. We were a convenient and visible enemy. De-
spite our lack of organization, many wraiths saw our way
of existence as preferable to submitting to the authority
of despots, particularly when that authority had so bla-
tantly failed to provide protection from the Maelstrom.
On the plus side, Charon had other things to occupy

his time besides going after the opposition. He had a city
to rebuild.

The Empire of Styia

ile Europe limped through the Dark Ages, casting about
ior something to replace the fallen Empire of Rome, the
Shadowlands struggled to recover from the aftermath of the
Maelstrom. Charon's solution — to replace his failed Repub-
lic with an Empire modeled on the late example of the Caesars
— struck many of his critics as less than brilliant, but his
legions of admirers deemed it a stroke of pure genius. (It was
either that or a swift trip to the forges.) Charon called himself
Ernperor, promoted his seven Senators to Deathlords and in-
ducted all his subjects into his newly created Legions. With all

28 Renegades

XN
‘

Wes
VSS

of that paper shuffled, he proclaimed a new age for Stygia.
The Skinlands' Dark Ages became our Even Darker Ages.

Well...not exactly. Now that we Renegades had a name,
we set about living up to it.

— Yo, gens bts of us dont call ourselves

for us. My
That's the mans name .
pane ers the term freedom -figh Fer si

ref
a hers use the names reb els, alternat Wes, even
0 ‘ ;
individualist s. The word renegade means 9

a party, movement oF prin-
omens wi otthe oppostt bn Well Ive got news
fe you, gens. Most of us didnt 2% "on wy
thhg. We always felt aifferent ly ‘ght
Hierarchy 3 dupes. We arent recesserly P5 r
hg agahst the Deathlordsi were fig } 9 fer

aa ht tobe dividuals and for self-de A
et on If we happen to stkk Ht to " e
Deathbrds while dohg that, all the 6et ter.
— Just Another Joe, FF Knonymous


cy

eS

an
ven
e-
rin-
ews
An
he
ht-
p for
ter-
the
ter.

Oy
‘,

hha
Tistda

Turning our backs on Stygia, we sought out our own
maces 1 the backwaters of the fallen city, carving out bits
gndyieces of the Tempest to make shelters. Some of us stole
Whole inks of soulstuff from the ruins of Stygia and used
those biting blocks to erect fortresses and safe houses. The
barbarian tribes rampaging across the face of Europe did us a
service as well. Each village they put to the torch popped up
more or less intact in the Shadowlands. Some of our scouts
discovered these relic hamlets and claimed them before
Charon's ew Legions got their hands on them. Long before
the official nishorians record the appearance of Necropoli, we
Renegades had our own settlements along the borderlands of

While Charon still maintained that he only wanted the best
for Fis "subjechs," we knew better. He was involved in rebuild-
meacty making it bigger and better than before. In order to
ihat, ne needed building material — in other words, more
wis for his pet Artificers' forges.

Wher, Sharon declared himself Emperor, several of his Fer-
rineh walked (op rowed) away from him, refusing to serve a
gesu'', The Ferrymen who left Charon in disgust continued to
uy thelr trade, sometimes ferrying their cargoes of souls to
the safety of Renegade towns and fortresses rather than to
ihe Stygian forges. These defectors helped get souls away from

cra ‘2.
rand +

dD

Juring ‘iis time of turmoil, the Fishers came to town in
Dre, Sharon exeelled both at recognizing power and at suck-

mea ts eventually he and the majority of Fishers ham-
mem tous a pach — the Treaty of Paradise — which, in es-
soe ws milated a potential rival into the Stygian fold. Not
yo Fe hishers bought into the deal, however. Some of them

remalned tele to their God's image as a rebel and defier of
yon my These purists found life as a Renegade more in keep-
vf wilh tieir beliefs. They not only added to our numbers,
meyaug cnjected a hefty dose of spirituality into the mix —
eatin several groups of Renegades-with-a-cause. As usual,

we werent picky, Anyone who opposed Stygia and the mess

ohare. was maxing of the Underworld automatically belonged
: of the line.

Midele Age

thee"

pon My

As the Skinlands moved out of the Dark Ages and into the
Middle Ages, monarchies arose supported by armies of knights
and foot soldiers who restored some sort of order to Europe.
Ever the supreme copyist, Charon fashioned his new Stygia af-
ter the models of the Skinlands. With himself as Emperor and
his counselors elevated to the status of Deathlords, he sur-

rounded himself with Legions and Equitees (knights), and called ' :

his government a Hierarchy.
Another interesting effect of bleed-over from the Skinlands

affected the status of the lowest classes of wraiths. In large parts °
of the world, slavery became outlawed. Charon, in his infinite <

wisdom, likewise banished slavery in Stygia. In its place, he sub-

stituted the institution of Thralldom. The job requirements, how- ;

ever, remained the same.

The myth Charon noised about claimed that wraiths were
made Thrails for their own good. Lacking strong enough Fet-

ters to anchor them to the Shadowlands, these weaklings prof «

ited from the chains that served to protect them from being
swept away into Oblivion. Meanwhile, Thrall labor contributed
to the expansion of Stygia. Those souls too weak even to be
Thrails — or Thralls too rebellious to submit meekly to their
fate — fed the forges.

A few Thralls managed to break free from their chains and
become Renegades. While some of them just wanted to get away
from Stygian authority, others decided to throw in their lot with
the bands that sought to fight back against the Hierarchy.

d to know We
oy, Massah. Gla nw
acon down the plant ate nion.
m2 ed to serve yall in SOM cay.
on ory a cew pondred years +
Oh, '

; gins ¢
Tre attitude rem
doesn't it?— Reuben

Crusades

The Crusades swept across Europe and the Holy Land at
the height of the Middle Ages. As a result, knights crossed
the Shroud in hordes, along with the Saracens they fought.
Most of them went right over to the Legions or joined the
Fishers; a few, however, came to us. Rogue knights, warriors
who developed a conscience and an antipathy to emperors
post-mortem and Moslem soldiers who found the concept of
allegiance to an infidel government abhorrent became Ren-
egades or Heretics.

Chapter One: A History of Revolution 29

eer TR

he same, {hough i

aE


~~ (mn -

The Guilds

The Middle Ages in the Shadowlands also saw the rise of craft
guilds and the ascension of a mercantile middle class. As guild mem-
bers died and entered the Underworld, Charon scooped them up and
picked their brains for new ideas. Soon afterwards, the Guild system
came into existence. Now, Charon had a niche into which he could
shove those wraiths who fell into the category of freewraiths — a
concept that had been kicking around the Underworld for a while.
The Guilds served as repositories for the teaching of Arcanoi; each
Guild held special province over its own Arcanos, which could only be
learned through membership or special arrangements between co-
operating Guilds.

Almost as soon as the Guilds formed, we decided to acquire some
of their talent for ourselves. We did so by any means possible; we
infiltrated their Guilds and then leaked their secrets. When subter-
fuge failed (and we lost a lot of good wraiths in attempts to infiltrate
the Artificers), we resorted to kidnapping. In some cases, the Guilds
agreed to ransom their members by teaching us some of their skills;
in other cases, the captured Guild members decided they liked being
Renegades and stayed with us, teaching us what they knew. Charon
underestimated the independent spirit of skilled workers. In many
cases, the Guilds saw the Hierarchy as rivals for power. That made
them ripe for our seduction.

The Black Plague

In C.E. 1347, the Black Plague scoured Europe and packed
the Shadowlands with its victims. Over a five-year period, 75 mil
lion Europeans died. These hapless souls arrived by the villageload
in some cases, many of them lacking strong Fetters (since all
their relations died with them). On the other hand, since most of
their possessions and homes were burned to prevent the spread
of the disease, these wraiths arrived with an abundance of relics.
Charon's Legions met them with open arms, then divested them
of their valuables and consigned the majority of them to the forges
or an unlife of Thralldom.

This time, however, we got a piece of the action. Our intelli.
gence networks, composed of Renegades who posed as upstand-
ing members of the Legions, often got word of new arrivals to us
before the Legions received their marching orders. We found that
it wasn't too difficult to turn bewildered peasants into angry Ren:
egades — all we had to do was suggest that the Legions had a
hand in causing the Plague that killed their husbands, wives, sons
and daughters.

Of course, not all of us claimed Plague victims for altruistic
purposes. The outlaws among us more often stripped the newcomers
of their relics and sold the poor shmucks to the Hierarchy. The relics
found a different, more lucrative market.

Vo

mo
tive
the
enc
nes

Ch
ing
Str

an

lin
me
elt
he
an
bu

ked
rall-
load

all
t of
read
ics,
em
res

telli-
and-
ous
that
Ren-
ad a
ons

istic
erg
plics

. aia i Wy

The Second Great Maelstrom

Despite the best efforts of Charon's Legions and our own
modest attempts at rounding up the Plague victims, the cumula-
uve suffering and despair caused by the great pandemic opened
the way for the Second Great Maelstrom. Attracted by the pres-
ence of weak souls and the overwhelming stink of their hopeless-
ness, Spectres swarmed up out of the Labyrinth and hammered
once More at the gates of Stygia. This time, they were defeated.
Charon's Legions claimed responsibility for their victory, insist-
ing that the stability of the Hierarchy helped maintain order and
structure in the face of rampaging chaos. What no one recognizes
is that the Legions weren't the only ones who battled Spectres
and other Maelstrom scuzzies.

In many cases, Renegades met Oblivion's armies on the front
tines. After all, we dwelled apart from Stygia's walls and battle-
ments, existing along the shores of the River of Death or in se-
cluded places in the Shadowlands. This often put us closer to the
hot spots of the Maelstrom. You might say that we met the enemy
and weakened them for the Legions. The Hierarchy won't say it,
out you might.

You bet we m;
Cases, the Spe mont. |

WaS there. In a lot Of

Ctre
5 Never even reached Stygia:

Ne Stopped them
alon
"1! to mention that's reo MOS. hat you

thie 4
his is that, for the first time

rom Fisher to Heretic in
(ne Easy Step

And It came to pass in those days, that there went out a decree
from Caesar Augustus, that all the world should be taxed....

— Luke 2:]

In the aftermath of the Second Great Maelstrom, Charon's
brilliant mind outdid itself. To take advantage of his increas-
ing numbers of wraiths, the Emperor declared a census and
exacted a tithe from all his subjects. Most wraiths had no choice

i 6. EF LLY
eR a a OO AMG SO

but to comply (except for us Renegades, who gave up paying
taxes when we turned in our Hierarchy IDs). The Fishers, how- |
ever, took exception to Charon's uniform rate. They demanded §
their due as a political bloc and, in what might well be the «
beginning of lobbying in the Shadowlands, demanded that
Charon reduce their tithes. Charon took offense at this chal-
lenge to his authority and took punitive measures, including |
declaring the Fisher-knights disbanded and doubling their tax.

The result was the Revolt of the Fishers. The Crusader :
knights stormed the Onyx Tower in an attempt to overthrow -
Charon — or at least make him admit that he couldn't treat
them that way. They might have succeeded, too, if the bane of
all rebellions hadn't undermined them. Treachery reared its ;
ugly head, as one of their own kind betrayed them to the :
Equitees. .

Why didn't the Renegades intervene? Good question, and ‘WF
one I've asked myself a couple of times. In truth, some of us 3"
did join with them, seizing any opportunity to rumble with the |
Legions. The rest of us didn't know anything about it until it |
was too late. By then, of course, the Hierarchy had put down 4
the uprising and set about looting the Fishers great temple. «
(Some of us got in on that as well, since the Legionnaires were
too busy pocketing Stygian treasures to question the presence
of one or two or three new guys.)

News Flash: Heretics Sold Out —
Renegades Warned

You asked for a commentary, so here's my two i
ob oli s worth, The realreason the Renegades didnt —
come to the aid of the Heretics is that we were
Thped off about ther betrayal Treason works
both Ways, K Fisher-trattor solg out his fellows
to the Hierarchy, whle an informer in the Legbns
sold us the information that the Fishers would
soon b ecome the Fishees, So why didn't we, in turn
tell the Fishers that they were beg sold Up
the River? Now that's a good question,

— J.D, Mackey, London Fogsuckers

— Blow me! It's the same thing that's
plagued us for centuries. Informers have
been the bane of every nationalist patri-
otic movement in history and theyll be
the bane of every Renegade group til the
end of time. — the Professor

Chapter One: A History of Revolution 31

——— stn ~. Rs ent a ee Hf je hn eg . ae. ee vara aS ta ge Rana aa —s
. SQ)7 a f ~ ' ea Pcp ~— a \ <a 2 VE 2 OO 4
Ps 4 mes ee

The Proclamation of Reason

Charon's subsequent banishment of the Fishers and the
other Shining Ones from the shores of Stygia and his investi-
gation of the Far Shores led to the discovery that Paradise did
not lie beyond the Sunless Sea. This, in turn, gave rise to The
Proclamation of Reason, which forbade the presence of all the
Shining Ones — now renamed Heretics. (Charon had a thing
fornames....) The Magisterium Veritatis, otherwise known as
the Inquisition, surfaced at this time. This Stygian thought-
police created Renegades by its very existence, since it exposed
once and for all the blatant tyranny that reigned in the Under-
world. For that, we have to thank Charon's genius. We couldn't
have asked for a better deal if he had given us permission to
set up recruitment offices in the Great Square of Stygia.

The Centuries o
Abomination

While the Renaissance and the Age of Exploration put an
end to feudalism and introduced the concept of imperial ex-
pansion in the Skinlands, the Shadowlands experienced a se-
ries of upheavals that pointed out the inherent weaknesses in
Charon's great plan. The official history of Stygia records this
time as the age of the Three Abominations. The Renegade ver-
sion (according to me, at any rate) calls it the Age of Two Great
Uprisings and One Bona Fide Abomination. On some matters,
I have to agree with the Hierarchy's take on things.

ey

Ks  Afree
y © One thee
12

nz ° @
7 : W a elye
at

Yen. OY conrge

ttoo oy % Y, e WAT the
te)

alle Senepades weygeg th Our

AL "7,4.
ening ty,

Raid on the Onyx Tower

Revolution is like a disease; one person or group comes
down with the fever of rebellion and, before you know it,
everybody's caught the bug. Granted, it took us a century or so
to get our shit together, but the arrival of a few key players in
our midst gave us the impetus we needed to make our first —
and largely successful — attempt at spitting in Stygia's face.

The 14th and 15th centuries saw the beginnings of peas:
ant uprisings throughout Europe. People like Wat Tyler Jack
Cade and Perkin Warbeck in England stirred up the peasants
against the nobles and attempted to free themselves from the
onus of serfdom. In Ireland, a proliferation of uprisings against
the British funneled a string of Renegades to us who had expe.
rience in battle in addition to their revolutionary zeal. Other
peasant leaders came to us from France, Germany and Italy (or
whatever it called itself in those days). Wars of all kinds sent
rebellious nobles and pretenders to various thrones to us by the
score. William Wallace and Robert Bruce put in an appearance
to represent the Scottish contingent of rebels. Our ranks were
swelling with experts in rebellion — albeit failed ones.

dlot Flash ~ Wat's
What with Bolingbroke

"Rumor has it that Wut Tyler's Main
qicece Vatricia olingbroke. still walks
tne Skinlands as a Vampiric VIP an) that

h *
; € 5 abandoned hoy revolutionary fervor
oa 4 cushy office Job in the employ of th
| Hee j e
inrred Version of the tlierarchy, Go
ure. eke

— Little Liza,

"Renegade Grapevine Express

Like we Cave .— Coridoy

By C.E. 1500, we were as ready as we were going to be. Follow.
ing the Heretics' lead, and making certain that we had no traitors
among us, an army of Renegades of all stamps and persuasions
swarmed the Onyx Tower. Unlike the Heretics, we got inside and
made off with most of the treasures stockpiled by Charon, includ
ing the ones he stole from the Heretics.

Eventually, the Legions drove us out of Stygia, but taking over
the city was never our objective. We didn't want Stygia to begin
with. We wanted weapons and valuable goodies. The Hierarchy

cla
vier
dite

the
its'
ing
pre
cer
for
ZeI
of

beg

the

ao

lib

on
Ce!
Su
ki
ab

a A 5

ee

claimed another victory, but we see it from a different point of
view. We survived and made off — dare I say it? — like ban-
dits. For us, that's a win.

For decades after our assault, the repercussions rocked
the streets of Stygia. The Hierarchy first doubled, then tripled
in its patrols; the Inquisition conducted sweep after sweep, search-

_ ing for nests of Renegades. In many cases, their information
by proved false and the watchdogs of Stygian loyalty took inno-
ag- cent wraiths into custody — and sent most of them to the
Lok forges. Unease escalated into outright terror among the citi-

nts zenry as Charon's goons showed their true colors in the wake
the of our actions. We sat back and watched as more and more

nst wraiths reached the point of disgust with the Hierarchy and
pe- began seeking ways to get free of its oppressive rule.

er

(OP .
eat The Spear of Longinus
nee Tf you're not gonna mention that we came away from
ere the Onyx Tower with the spear that pierced Jesus side. Im

gonna do it. That Artifact made our reputation more than
anything else we took from the Tower. Charon was so proud
of that little item for some reason. I suspect he practiced
with it when he thought no one was looking. Unlike the
Hierarchy. however, we don't hoard our treasures. We pass
em around from group to group — sort of like a lending
library of realia and memorabilia. My gang had the spear
for a while during the 1800s. but we eventually passed it
on to another group. Some "Renegades call it the honor sys-
tem. but I believe that the reason no one steals our trea-
sures is because no one wants to get caught with them. It's
kind of like a game of tot Potato, only with really valu-

able potatoes.

— Kismet "Kubliczki. Manitoba Marauders

4

¢

? How Come nobody ever e&Cered my Jang any
« ws: reat sock? Somehow, this noble passing around
€ on the honor system just Sails fo ring {rue
with me. Call me a cynic . —Durange, Will-e'—the-Wisps

ees

SE
Follow: SPEAR OF HAD THE REAL ie Ra SE

altors TTS NAME WAS? Ir OR WHATEVER

asions OUT YET HAVENT AGURED
de and THAT THE SO-cay LED
includ- Or DERCED-CHRISTS-SIDE WAS ore
THAT ENEMIES MOLLATED INTO
gover SHAPE' YOURE A
b begin THAN J THOUGHT LOT DUMBER
brarchy - — IRONS

Nee MI

Ng

Just as we took a cue from the Heretics, the Guilds fol
lowed our example, staging their own revolt in 1598. They, too,
almost succeeded. Like the Heretics, however, one of their own
— the Masquers — sold them out. A few other Guilds bailed out
of the action early, further weakening their cause. This time,
many Renegades (particularly those within the Guilds them-
selves) tried to help, but to no avail.

Why did the Guilds fail? They represented a real power
within Stygia. They owned the secrets of the Arcanoi; they con-
trolled the production of material goods through the Artificers.
The Pardoners wielded enormous influence over the Hierarchy.
The Harbingers and Monitors and Oracles all practiced vital ser-
vices within the Underworld. A shutdown of Guild efforts on
behalf of the Hierarchy should have brought the walls of Stygia
crumbling down. So why didn't it?

I've already mentioned the betrayal by the Masquers. Inter-
nal dissension also kept the Guilds from consolidating their ef-
forts and acting with a single mind. With over a dozen Guilds
clamoring for recognition — and the same number of
Guildmasters trying to take charge — FUCK THE
the Guild Revolt fell apart from having )ANEMOV — NOW,
too many generals. WHAT WAS |

Charon responded with the Break- SAYNG ?
ing of the Guilds, declaring those organizations disbanded
and absorbing the essential services of the Artificers, Harbin-
gers, Pardoners and a few others under the aegis of the Hierar-
chy. The "noisier" Guilds, such as the Puppeteers, Haunters and
Spooks, had no place in the Stygian scheme of things, and so
Charon declared hunting season open on them.

His every action, of course, just fed our membership rolls.
For the first time, we saw serious recruitment among some of
the stodgier Guilds — like the Artificers and the Pardoners.
Some of those conservatives realized that the Hierarchy now
owned their asses. They came to us hat, hammer or lantern in
hand and asked if they could play on our team. The problem
children of the Guilds — the aforementioned terrible trio of
Puppeteers, Haunters and Spooks — already had close ties with
us. Those ties grew even closer as we offered them sanctuary
from the Inquisition and the Hierarchy's bounty hunters.

This is not to say that we absorbed the Guilds, any more
than the Hierarchy assimilated them. The Guilds maintain their
independence in the Underworld, continuing their operations
under the Hierarchy's nose.

We had no room for the Mnemoi at all. Traitors have no
place among the Renegades. Period.

— Hal This fella's etter @ comedian or an idiot! T rat-ors
are all over the Renegades lke fles on shit. We waste ‘em
when we find ‘em, but that doesnt stop other quislings from
looking to sell us out, Did ya expect anything else? — Nils,
Scandinavian Patrol

34 Renegades

wee

Of course, the Breaking of the Guilds threw the Under
world into an even greater bout of consternation and uncer.
tainty. Now the Inquisitors could accuse innocent wraiths not
only of being Heretics and Renegades, but they could charg
them with membership in the outlawed Guilds to boot.

Destruction ofthe Kingdom of Obsidian

In the Skinlands, Europe had just discovered that it wasn't alone
in the world. Other continents existed with riches ripe for the taking
and populations waiting to be killed or conquered. These new worlds
also provided a convenient dumping ground for the religious and politi:
cal troublemakers who were stirring up trouble in the European mon:
archies and threatening the monopoly of the Church.

In the Shadowlands, this discovery of the Americas opened up
whole new regions in the Underworld. The Heretics saw their opportu:
nity to get out from under the Hierarchy once and for all (so they thought'
by taking a trip across the ocean. Many Renegades agreed and followed
suit. Skinriding enjoyed a surge of popularity as wraiths slipped inte
someone comfortable and boarded ships for the New World.

Once there, however, they discovered that a whole other king
dom of the dead existed. In South America, the Kingdom of Obsit-
ian presented itself to Heretic and Renegade wraiths as some
thing fierce and terrible. The Heretics took the presence of the
native wraiths as a personal affront to their hopes for a "para
dise" of their own. Like the conquistadors and Spanish missionar
ies who carved their bloody way across the Nuevo Mundo — what
the Heretics saw and could not understand, they destroyed. In far
too many cases, the Renegades in the Americas did little or noth:
ing to stop them, and in some instances, even helped annihilate
the local dead. Within a few decades the Kingdom of Obsidian
ceased to exist.

The Hierarchy followed us to the New World and "restorec
order" in the name of Stygia. In actuality, it just capitalized on the
dirty work inadvertently done for it. Because they didn't soil the
Corpus with the plasm of Obsidian wraiths, the Legions could self.
righteously condemn both the Heretics and Renegades. Still, the
Hierarchy's historians refer to the destruction of the Kingdom ot
Obsidian as an Abomination, and I can't fault them on that count,

The Third Great Maelstrom

For the third time, the upheaval in the Underworld grew
to critical mass and the Labyrinth overflowed with another
Maelstrom. Born from the excesses caused by civil war, re.
bellion, mass slaughter and persecution, so the Hierarchy
claims, hordes of Spectres launched another invasion o:
Stygia. This Maelstrom sundered Stygia from the Shadowlands

and rendered the River of Death unnavigable, leaving only

the Byways as viable connections between Stygia and the resi
of the Underworld.

\

Vz

OUI
Sip
tiO:
mo
of

Ob.

the
gre
lig
en
the
fol
Me

tke

e Under-
nd uncer-
aiths not
ld charge
t.
asn't alone
the taking
ew worlds
s and politi-
bpean mon-
opened up 5
bir opportu: a
ey thought) : N
nd followed &\
lipped into Ss
'
other king-
of Obsid-
as some:
ice of the iN
br a "para NE
missionar- A
do — what A
byed. In far
Hle or noth Inretrospect, the official history blames the Third Great Mael- Charon but because he forbade us to cross the Shroud to visit friends
annihilate sirom on the chaos caused by Renegades, Heretics and rebellious _ and influence people.
f Obsidian Guilds. There is another interpretation, however, which doesn't Supposedly his Dictum Mortuum came into being to protect the
si. 80 well with the Hierarchy. living from the depredations visited upon them by unscrupulous §
i "restored Renegade revisionism looks at it as follows. The anger and wraiths during the Dark and Middle Ages. Well, shit. In some ways,I
zed on the revolutionary fire that ignited the assault on the Onyx Tower ex- guess a lot of us overdid things back then. But it was just so easy to;
‘t soil their pended itself in violent action. So, too, did the ambitions of the step across the barrier and visit Aunt Bertha and either give her a
could self Cullds. Instead of boiling over and bringing about the Maelstrom, good scare or else warn her about something that was about to hap &
. Still, the (ur uprisings actually postponed the inevitable for a time by dis- pen — who could blame us for giving in to temptation?
ingdom of sipating the Dark Passions that gave rise to them. The annihila- I believe that Charon instituted his taboo on travel across the ¢
that count, won of the Kingdom of Obsidian was another matter, and that, Shroud more to consolidate his power base and cut off our contact fy
nore than anything else, left a strong enough residual overflow with the Skinlands than to protect anybody, The Skinlands provided 4
of emotions and guilt to warrant an upsurge from the pits of an out for us and gave us a window on the mortal world. Charon «
Oblivion. didn't want anyone except himself and his cronies to get a look at &y
vorld grew fo. what was going on across the Shroud; that way, he could rightfully
f another Te Thidkering of the Shroud claim any new ideas as his sole province. :
il war, re ff . . | ther esa radical )
Hierarch Along with the separation of Stygia from the Shadowlands, = Well duh. Now nq to Rt
y - = Charon tryms © i
vasion of he Shroud that divided the Shadowlands from the Skinlands theory for you | Joes. Who d i
edowlands grew stronger as a result of the Maelstrom and the rise of en- fuck over the nome i
ving only lightened disbelief on the other side of death's curtain. This thick- have thought? — Slic i
nd the pest ening put a serious crimp in Skinriding and in visitations across 4
the Shroud. Not that the Hierarchy cared — it had long ago Now, thanks to the thickening of the Shroud, no one could

forbidden those practices. To us, it mattered one hell of a lot. travel into the Skinlands with any ease. And it just got worse as
Many of us became Renegades not out of a desire to overthrow —gcience reared itg ugly head.

Chapter One: A History of Revolution

ye . ~ ia ee hla eed ee ‘ es Sues eg pile eS 5 noe pa Sas * Uf
Vo o "a SN a _— i oF Ae if.
ms aot ‘ Fe wun ee fh
«© oy ee mele Ss ~ ;
nw ad Sy
EUSA, Ee

The Ace of Enlightenment

A vicious cycle begins. Charon's Code of the Dead forbids
wraiths to cross the Shroud. Fewer instances of wraithly visi-
tations cause the living to doubt that we exist. Their disbelief
makes the Shroud harder to cross. Science comes along with
alternative explanations for supernatural events, thus mak-
ing it even more difficult for us to sneak into the Skinlands.
This bolsters the materialist philosophers and strengthens the
Shroud even more. People believe that they exist in a world of
five senses and that nothing awaits them after death.

That, in a nutshell, sums up the Age of Enlightenment.

The Arming of the Freewraiths

Again taking his cue from events across the Shroud, Charon
saw that Skinland governments were recognizing the exist-
ence of a concept called "the rights of man." In order to
preserve their authority over the masses, monarchies all
over Europe had to concede some rights to the governed.

Charon decided to arm the freewraiths, putting swords
of Stygian steel in the hands of those wraiths who agreed
to give over their loyalty to him and his Hierarchy. With
that one action, Charon undid centuries of our efforts. If
we had known that all most wraiths wanted was as chance
to strut around the streets of Stygia armed, we might have
concentrated our efforts on stealing weapons instead of
freeing Thralls.

— So who says some of us didn't concentrate
our efforts on stealing weapons? Still do, in
fact. Not all of us want to be philosophers, you
know. Some of us just want a chance to hack the
shit out of those Hierarchy numbnuts. Call us
Silly, we thought we were supposed to be an army
of liberation, not a social club... — Sally X

Founding of the London Necropolis

In the meantime, the lack of adequate communication be-
tween the Shadowlands and Stygia hampered the traffic in souls
from the borders of the Underworld to the Stygian forges. To
counteract that, the concept of Necropoli arose. The first such
suburb of the dead rose up in London's Shadowlands, followed
swiftly by other Necropoli in the major cities of Europe. Be-
fore long, the Legions traveled to the New World and estab-
lished Necropoli in both Americas.

Territorial impingement played a part in our reaction to
the Hierarchy's imperialistic expansion. Since we got kicked
out of Stygia way back before the Middle Ages, we Renegades
had more or less laid claim to any place that wasn't part of

Stygia. Karlier, 1 mentioned that we had our own strongholds
in the Shadowlands long before Charon decreed the founding
of Necropoli. Now the Hierarchy came along planting its flag:
in parts of the Shadowlands that belonged to us. The Hierar.
chy called its cities in the Shadowlands "sanctuaries" and gath:
ering places for souls; we called them occupation zones.

In essence, the founding of the Necropoli gave us more
targets to attack. Even though the Legions surrounded their
Citadels with strong defenses and repelled many of our at:
tempts to take over — or take back — our territories, we stil
managed to win a number of small victories. In addition, as
Necropoli proliferated, the Legions had to spread themselves
pretty thin in order to maintain patrols in all the new settle.
ments. This enabled us to slip into the Necropoli and set up
our own headquarters, in some cases forming "shadow" gov.
ernments that rivaled the Hierarchy in terms of control over
the minds and hearts of the citizens.

In short, we flourished. As the Hierarchy expanded, so did
we. In some cases we got there first. In others, we came along
in the wake of the Legions, settling in along the fringes. In the
Americas, we grabbed the frontier and hid ourselves in the
backwoods of the Colonial Shadowlands.

Yippie ki yay, mothercucker! We's Cowboys now! Ph

here just ain't giving us CnoUgh Credit. It hasn't occurred ad

aces the Hierarchy $

That some of the pl et UP are the exac
We Wanted them f°. Guess he just never cons; sete

. dered the i
we might occasionally outsmart Charon'sj the idea that

ttle foadies and
real Power behind the throne in a NeCropolis oy two, ete

Ash, Phoenix Coalition

The Age of Revolutions

The Age of Enlightenment gave rise to the concepts of
individual freedom, representative government and competi:
tive commercialism, among other things. This led to a grow-
ing dissatisfaction in the Skinlands with colonialism and im:

perialistic paternalism. — "ism, ~ism, whos got the -
ism? Talks real purty, dont he{ —
Murphy, Ozark Raiders

The 1700s ushered in an age of Revolutions that ulti:
mately changed the face of the Skinlands — and left its mark
on the Shadowlands as well. Our numbers swelled as patriots
and rebels shed their blood for their causes and crossed the
Shroud.

In 1776, American colonists declared their independence
from England and fought a bloody war of independence. The
American Revolution gave us the likes of Patrick Henry and

, 7
TY 1
a ve 8!

nad otra

Benja:
freedc
Natha

N
Frenc
we ha
tellin,
Revol

Oh

To ANP ) Wig te £ a,

36 Renegades
: gt » B pe . a - - % " ip pas 7 aa < Weng sy «
iY I) on ns " SS . 4 Lie NT aT Ti kee a ee . arene Sener Nos : auth —_ za Wha: rs ; *
Rn, os Ake # SB TT : ee ie en ee

ounding
its flags
Hierar-
ind gath-
eS,

Ss more
ed their
Our at-
| we still
tion, as
mselves

settle-
I set up
DW" ZOV-
rol over

1, so did
6 along
b. In the
in the

Ppts of
mpeti-

grow-
nd im-

he -

e{ —

t ulti-
mark
triots
Pd the

dence
p. The
y and

bngholds

Benjamin Franklin — though it took a while for some of these
lreedom fighters to give up the ghost and join our ranks.
Nathan Hale joined us in record time.

Not long after the Americans overthrew English rule, the
French jumped on the revolutionary bandwagon. Suddenly
we had a plethora of rabid wraiths with outrageous accents
‘elling us how to run our campaigns of terror. The French
Revolution had an extremely high casualty list as patriots
fell out of favor and lost their heads to Madame La Guillo-
"ine. Marat, Robespierre, Danton, Diderot and their compan-
ions came barreling across the Shroud. A few casualties of
Pennsylvania's Whiskey Insurrection staggered over to the
Shadowlands in 1794. Austria's suppression of Belgium's
revolution sent more victims to us. In 1798, the Irish staged
an uprising and gave us Wolfe Tone and a host of rambling
ads and lasses, all victims of a glorious failure.

is + Just me, oy do we always end Up recruiting the lesers
Crom these little shindigs? HowwCome none 0 the Guys Whose reve~
lotions succeed ever want 2 Join Up with us acter they kick eCC?
Maybe it's because once they succeed, rebels always furn into The
Mr. | tell you, & we ever Win we're gonna put UP seme-
thing that locks just like what Wwe fore down.
— Rake the Wraith

— AG):

7

. " i iy Ve "t£ © . A Vy,
AT RS ON AS A,

The 1800s produced even more rebel souls as rebellions *

continued to shake up the European ruling dynasties and, in
some cases, depose them altogether. The struggle for Greek
independence from Turkey began in 1821; many veterans of
the secret society Filikia Etaria came our way after the fall of
Mesolonghi in 1826. In Venezuela, Simon Bolivar led the South
American colonists in revolt against Spanish and Portuguese
domination. Bolivar "The Merciless" crossed the Shroud in
1830. Although we had some minor problems acclimating him

to our way of doing things, he soon became a valuable source

of tactics and inspiration.
Probably Europe's banner year for revolution was 1848.

Sparked by the student uprisings in France and anti-Austrian ;
demonstrations in Milan, the cry of rebellion echoes across |

the European continent. Germany and Austria followed suit.

Even Romania got in on the action. Idealists poured across |

the Shroud, ready-made Renegades still eager for action.
In the 1860s, Garibaldi began his campaign to free Italy

from French rule. The grand old campaigner himself lived for _ V3

many years after his victories, but hundreds of his followers
came to us. In the Americas, the Civil War flooded the South-
ern Necropoli with wraiths. While many Confederate and Union
soldiers enlisted in the Hierarchy, we picked up our

share of deserters, outlaws and men who were

just plain sick of following orders. We offered
them an alternative to a perpetual stint

in the armies of the Underworld. Mexi-

can guerrillas crossed the Shroud


during the 1800s as that country staged a series of armed |
conflicts to rid itself of Spanish domination — and let's not (
forget to mention the casualties stemming from that little
war over Texas. The Paris Commune, born in revolution in W
1871, brought us hard-core revolutionaries, as opposed t
bright-eyed idealists. We got a strong jolt of realism and tac-

tical ruthlessness from them. mo
fro

That's quite a pedigree we "Renegades we
have. Too bad we conte bring the guillo- roy
tine with us across the Shroud. Just think the
of all those Hierarchy bastards running ust
around like chickens with their heads cut sql
off: — Francois tht

— HEY' NOT ALL OF US SERVE A
CAUSE SOME OF US ARE AIST SICK AND

TIRED OF BEING ORDERED AROUND. to
OuR CAUSE IS OURSELVES' PURE AND &m
SIMPLE — Tosy Rid
4
Shadowland Actions

During this time in the Shadowlands, we began the pre

cess of reorganization that laid the foundations for modern

day Renegade structure (such as it is). Unlike the Hierar.

AS' chy, who tried to make everyone fit its predetermined

a molds, we adapted to fit the wraiths who came to us.
, Our Pardoners turned their Castigation skills tc rel
debriefing not only the Psyches but the Shat. bas
ows of our newly arrived Renegades. Every: ini
thing we could learn about how to succeed vic
in revolution and the undermining of au: an
thority, we absorbed eagerly. We then put Wo
those lessons to work and started moving du
on the Necropoli in earnest. Wherever reve- ing
lutions in the Skinlands had proven sue de'
WP cessful, we maneuvered ourselves into pe pe:
sition and staged our own assaults. In many or
cases, we employed a series of tactical hit- ha
and-run strikes designated to shake up the Se)

citizenry's faith in the Legions. In others, we —
used insertion maneuvers to liberate Thralls. In
a few Necropoli, we actually seized control of the 1
Citadels and set up our own Hierarchy-Free Zones.
In the 19th century, most of those safe cities were
in Europe and along the eastern coast of North lot
America, but we could see the direction of the Sh
future, and we knew that sooner or later, more de
Hierarchy territory would fall to us. (Or se m
we hoped.) ag

an © (ri ees IN Me


F's not
bt little

ion in
bsed to

|

bd tac-

fades
pillo-
hink
ning
Is cut

RVE A
AND
DUIND.
/ AND

the pro-
modern
e Hierar-
epmined
me to us.
skills to
he Shad-
ps. Every-
succeed

then put

moving
ever revo-
ven SuC-
: into po-
. In many
tical hit-
ke up the
thers, we
rhralls. In
Irol of the
ree Zones.
ities were
| of North
ion of the
ater, more
s. (OP 80

qj
LA ven
Ae BAH

E- a

nse, You Sucker
He Need You Over Here!

So here's an example of irony for you. Renegades profit
more from failed revolutions in the Skinlands than they do
from successful ones. See, when the revolutionaries win, all
we get are a bunch of headless monarchs and bullet-ridden
royalty. Those go right to the Hierarchy for processing. When
the establishment puts down an uprising, the rebel leaders
usually get shipped across the Shroud courtesy of the firing-

squad, the battlefield or the hangman's noose. So who do you
think we root for across the Shroud?

le ston teres! Fuck waitin
trac e fisn nd eto Ce mf
Grewerks, Fon Gor gomty nen ait DOCK aed Wait Cor tie
Bers the Purple Age a ets 1 — Glider, haw

¢ Age of Industry

Inthe 19th century, science and industry became the twin
religions of the western world. Mass production led to factory-
vased economies, while the proliferation of new inventions
initiated a whole new market for gadgets and labor-saving de-
vices. Of course, the workers who made those handy-dandy tools
and appliances worked long hours in unspeakable conditions.
Work-houses, sweat-shops and other monstrosities of the in-
dustrial era fostered anger and frustration among the work-
ing class, setting the stage for riots and grass-roots uprisings
devoid of nationalistic fervor but inflamed by economic des-
peration. The laborers who died of malnutrition, exhaustion
orin factory disasters supplied us with unskilled but dedicated
haters of oppression. We clashed with the Legions over these
souls, determined to prevent them from ending up as Thralls
— Or worse.

Te Shroud Solidfies

The materialistic philosophies of the 19th century left a
lot of souls spiritually stranded when they came across the
Shroud. Most people lived lives of poverty and despair and those
decidedly negative Passions (or lack of such) didn't give them
much to hold onto in the Shadowlands. Most of them ended up
as soulsteel to build Charon's railroads and gunships. Some

AGES. Te

iG . wv wan ,
. ‘ ct - . : > J ,

PS€Udonym, tha tis

speculators believe that the combination of a lack of spiri-
tual underpinnings in the Skinlands and overpopulation by
despair-filled Thralls in the Shadowlands formed some great
chemical or alchemical process that caused the Shroud to
grow thicker and, in most places, impenetrable. Personally, I
believe that Charon and his pet Artificers did something to
affect the density of the Shroud in order to trap all of us
permanently in the Underworld.

Charon Fall and the Rise of the
Deathlords

Sometime during this age, Charon discovered that he
couldn't travel in the Shadowlands without beginning to dis- i.
assemble, so he went home to his Onyx Tower to brood. That .
wouldn't have been a bad thing, except that his absence gave @
the Deathlords the chance they had been waiting for Capital @
izing on Charon's blue funk, the Deathlords took over the
Underworld without having to go to the trouble of staging a
coup.

In some ways, their ascension helped us. Lacking
Charon's charisma and gift for inspiring loyalty, the
Deathlords substituted their own management techniques:
fear, terror, intimidation and suspicion. Disaffection grew by
leaps and bounds, proving the following equation:

Unhappy wraiths = Renegades

SN
Bre

Q.H.D.

——

i

Just what does that mean,
anyway? Q.E.D.? Queer Edu- 4
cational Devices? Quality
Equality Diversity (sounds
a little like Liberty,
Equality, Fraternity, j
doesn't it)? Most of us}
know it's Latin for some- ;
thing or other, but gee,
Mr. Pretentious Journalist
War Correspondent, most of
us don't speak the damn
language. Get it?

Clueless in Seattle

i]


te eA " % rt AS TT ae a) pe Le et fi,
Ss ~~ tee we J } &' 4
‘i \ . a . were ‘ ~ f.
Cy od aN. aN Sa Nines i
ie acca "fe Sct Os ~ im te we
ae vans .
ved Ne

The Hierarchy's version of history lumps the last three cen-
turies together for a reason. The Stygian establishment peaked
in the 16th century, when it enjoyed a period of absolute, nearly
unchallenged rule. After that, it started a slow downhill course
— reminiscent of a controlled dive or a slow plunge — that has
almost reached its nadir. In contrast, our fortunes have risen
steadily. With the growth of freedom and its radical sister — an-
archy — the Hierarchy has had to overextend itself just to main-
tain the status quo. Renegades, in contrast, lack a static super-
structure. By our very natures, we exist in a state of conscious
rebellion that demands an attitude of flexibility. We roll with the
punches and sail with the tides of fortune. The 20th century has
tested our adaptability to the limit. And we're still here.

Wars and Rumors of Wars

The First World War (begun, incidentally, by an anarchist's
bullet) sent hundreds of thousands of soldiers and civilians
into the Shadowlands. The Legions were ecstatic at first to find
s0 many trained warriors at their disposal. Then they realized
that they couldn't handle all the traffic pouring across the
Shroud. Like the Black Plague, which brought men, women and
children in droves into the lands of the dead, the four years of
global conflict glutted the Shadowlands with unprecedented
numbers. As if that wasn't enough, revolutions added their
casualties to the mix. The Easter Rebellion of 1916 sent us a
few good men like Patrick Pearse and Joseph Connolly and
heralded the beginning of a bloody civil war in modern Ire-
land. A year later, the Russians had their opportunity to sweep
aside a defective monarchy. The Russian Revolution of 1917
not only shifted the tides of the Great War, as one of its chief
participants effectively withdrew to tend to internal affairs, it
also guaranteed a steady influx of Trotskyites. (We ceded the
tsarists to the Hierarchy without a lot of trouble, preferring to
concentrate our efforts on Reaping the masterminds of the
Bolshevik and Menshevik movements.)

The Fourth Great Maelstrom

Then, just when we thought it was safe to go into the Tem-
pest, Oblivion belched a swarm of Spectres into the
Shadowlands. Catalyzed by the overwhelming suffering and
anguish of a world torn apart by war, the Maelstrom that re-
sulted battered the defenses of Stygia and played havoc with
poorly protected Necropoli. Spectres infiltrated the Hierarchy's

40 Renegades
a 9 ae Ves ODN COS ETN

outposts in the Shadowlands and penetrated the Shroudty

cause panic and desperation in the Skinlands — as if the
aftermath of war wasn't enough for the poor souls to cea,
with.

The crash of the stock market and subsequent Great
Depression increased the miasma of despair that threat
ened to crush the spirits of the living. Along came the Spar.
ish Civil War, and we grabbed up the casualties from bott
sides. The general malaise finally brought Charon out ¢
his self-imposed exile, as if his presence could do anything
to salvage the situation.

For the first time in centuries, Renegades and Hier
archs found a common purpose. Setting aside the Code o
Charon and declaring a provisional truce, Legionnaires
joined with us to send Skinriding shock troops across the
Shroud to round up the Spectres still hiding in fleshbags.
Working together, we managed to pick off a good portion ¢
the invaders, but we couldn't catch all of them. Eventually.
relations broke down and we went our separate ways. |
was fun while it lasted, and it set a precedent that we would
need again later in the century.

Fell. we had to teach those Legionnaires
the basics of Skinriding. Tt was sorta je
watching them wince as they tried on their
first skinbags. They learned. ast, and then
there was no stopping them. Of course. some
of our [rients werent too pleased when we
blew the whistle on them later. "We got a
few recruits out of the Legions, since some
of them decided they preferred unlife as a

enegadve to a Stygian court-martial anda
desk job (as the desk). — The Contessa

— Youre for getting a ve

Fy Mportant group of
pea Mr. et oren Remember the St.V Jnl
4 ssacre! Urve- shootings weren+ invented

yesterday, you know. The g2

ng wears of the DO
and 30s sent a lt of muscle across the Shrova
We sure didnt Joh the Feds' of Stygee. Kb lock of

cement stuck to your fuckin' f
Fetter.—Vime * cot makes one hello

War and Holocaust

The world erupted once again in global battle, and this
time, the weapons were deadlier. Whole cities suffered mas-
sive bombings: civilian deaths outnumbered those of soldiers,
and those came across in record numbers. At times it seemed
as if the Shadowlands would crumble under the weight of the

victims
born ou
scribed
delibere
homose
Nazis. |
The
atomic
really |
Shadov
across
On
for us,
rassin;
brave |
nized |
claim
these
could ,
the ra

Goro

F
the M
This §
but hi
in sir
anyol
mons

"(|
\

i.

Peoge

victims of the Second World War. The enclaves of Wire were

. ese

roud to The Deathlords congratulated themselves on their sudden *
Bs if the porn out of the agonies of the Holocaust. Others have de- re-ascendancy to power; the wraiths who thought Charon i!
to deal soribed the enormity of suffering caused by the callous and was God wept. Among the Renegades, there was a general fi

deliberate policy of genocide perpetrated on Jews, Gypsies, celebration. If we'd been nearer to the action, we could have @ P

t Great nomosexuals and other populations declared "unfit" by the diced for his clothes.
| threat, Nazis. | can't do it.
he Span- The war ended in 1945, in a frenzy of death by fire —
om both atomic fire. Even though we saw it coming, few of us were
n out of really prepared for the Maelstrom that raged through the IS (>
wnything Shadowlands, echoing in its fiery blast the destruction OROOL THE

across the Shroud. Oblivion won that battle, hands down.

nd Hier- One good thing about the Second World War, at least SHAD O

Code of for us, was the arrival of partisans who lost their lives ha- O -
bnnaires rassing the Nazis in their own backyards. These incredibly
rosg the rrave souls came right to us, perhaps because they recog- (> OD
pshbags. nized the trappings of fascism in the Legions that tried to LA ?
brtion of claim them. We made a special effort to hang out where ‘
pntually, these freedom fighters were likely to appear, so that we
ways. It ml ge to them ist Some of cur best leaders come from ~Man, you got no respect.

the ranks of the partisan guerrillas.

e would partisan g Charon was fhe Shadow of

Coral Godzilla. - Movieman

Alves Freed from the Labyrinth by the Fifth Great Maelstrom,

A jut the Malfean, Gorool, rose up to threaten the heart of Stygia.

ther This story has been told so many times, it gets tiresome,

» then but here are the bare bones of the tale. Charon met Gorool

, some in single combat off the coast of Stygia, in full view of .
en We anyone who cared to rubberneck, and both man and
got a monster went down to their doom. End of story.

P some
Pp AS A

and a
4
group of
alent he's 4
vented be \

e 20s ar

Shroud,

b lock of
hell ofa ses
B, and this
fered mas-

f soldiers,

Sit seemed

ight of the

age As
BAZ DATE

AD Nias er) avis Saye

The st Fifty Years

Knock on wood. The threat of a Third World War, complete
with atomic weapons, loomed large over most of the second
half of the 20th century. The Cold War kept most Skinland view-
ers on edge, but instead of another global conflagration, the
political powder kegs exploded one by one, in a series of revo-
lutions and mini-wars that kept the Hierarchy hopping and sent
us plenty of recruits.

Guerrilla Warfare and Terror Tactics

The list of revolutions and uprisings that marks the de-
cades after the Second World War reads like a litany in some
strange mass of revolt. In a lot of ways, this part of the cen-
tury belongs to the Renegades. As the world gets smaller and
more crowded, the old forms of government erode and collapse,
not always willingly.

The uprising in Cyprus in the mid-1950s demonstrated
the use of terrorism as an end as well as a means. In Cuba,
guerrilla warfare proved that even the most terrifying dicta-
tors can fall to a well-concerted groundswell of popular sup-
port. The Hungarian uprising of 1956 supplied us with a new
host of freedom fighters. Revolutions rocked South America,
although for the most part they were doomed to failure. The
governments of Latin America practiced institutional

terrorism with a vengeance, almost as if they had direct in-
structions from the Stygian Inquisition. In Ireland, Protestant
and Catholic paramilitary movements clashed yet again. The
Middle East erupted. All these conflicts warmed our souls and
swelled our ranks.

The people of the Skinlands seemed infected with the fer-
vor of revolution, anarchy, terrorism and mayhem. We raked
in the victims and the perpetrators with equal enthusiasm. Of
course, we had to outrun the Legions to get there first, but
then, as I've said earlier, we spent a lot more time looking in
on the Skinlands than our Hierarchy counterparts, who had to
rely on Monitors (and Merrimacks) to be their eyes and ears.

Here 1S WERE Oey
DISAPPEARED QO

So, i€ everybody's 4 revolutionary nowea-
days, how Come we haven't won yet? It's no

amatter o€ outbreeding them, know. — Nun
in Shock, Jersey city Pistols

liou
low-,
In $
cept
men
tion
heac
of tk

Ame
had
tests
patie
one
ing i
a wa
for:
Shac
last:
a biz
they
with
brou
our

Ber!
Cent
micr
and

42 Renegades
ans Sk ‘ec e AY: : 2 Reg + A Be See vw
Ve en , aaa OD BNO NIB Io MEL CCK
aD Oe Seg eR ; ai St SL

estant
n. The
ls and

e fer-
raked
Bm. Of
Bt, Dut
Ing in
ad to
ears.

teu unmer of Love and he one Win Winter

ate

In America, the Cold War produced a generation of rebel-
ious young people, eager to find a way to escape the constant
low grade terror which served as a backdrop to their childhoods.
In San Francisco, the psychedelic revolution introduced con-
ent like turning on and dropping out. The Civil Rights move-

ment, in contrast, counseled active resistance to discrimina-
tion. Civil disobedience in the tradition of Gandhi made the
headlines, while the era of peaceful protests caught the fancy
of the world. Then it all went bad.

The Vietnam War splashed across the TV screens of
America and brought home the horrors of war to people who
had never seen live-action death. Suddenly, the peaceful pro-
rests turned violent. Similarly, race riots signified an end to
patience by the black community. Everywhere you looked, some-
one was dying for a cause or caught in the crossfire of clash-
ing ideologies. The invasion of Prague by Soviet troops aroused
awave of student protest — an enterprise which proved fatal
‘or many of the protesters (and fortuitous for us). In the
Shadowlands, we picked up neo-Renegades who resembled the
‘ast century's student revolutionaries. These new recruits added
a bizarreness to the mix — educated, naive, dedicated and dead,
whey came to us with their ideals only slightly tarnished. Along
with them, however, came the terrorists and the anarchists. They
nrought a healthy dose of cynicism and ruthless practicality to
cur ranks. We accepted both kinds of souls with open arms.

With the collapse of the Soviet Union and the fall of the
Berlin Wall, things seemed to get quiet for a few years. Then
central Europe erupted in chaos. If genocide could occur in
microcosm, it did in Bosnia. That's where I entered the picture
and threw in my lot with the Renegades.

tal Words

Have you ever noticed the similarity between the word
epilogue and the word apology? I have come to the end of
my revisionist chronicle of the history of Stygia, and now
I'm supposed to draw a few conclusions and apologize for
‘he intrusion of my own personal bias. Well, fuck it. I don't
apologize for anything. I've called it as I see it, which is
more than I can say for the boot-lickers whose scribblings
cater to the egos of the Deathlords.

The common thread that links all of us Renegades together <
is our opposition to the Hierarchy. Patriots and outlaws, mer- 4
cenaries and joyriders, we all want the same thing — the free- |

dom to conduct our deaths according to the dictates of our
own desires, not those of some upper-level management types
who think they're kings or gods.

Fabuleso, mein Creund! You ave so insignt-  ;

Cul, Jeez—Mageez, Could anyone else have Cap-
{ured the true spirit € the Renegades? Be still
my beating cops, quess i already is! in other
words, Congratulations. 1's been real. We are

$° impressed! Thank you, thank you, we are all |
s° SvateCul Cor your kind words about us. can
we expect +0 see Cilm at eleven, ov is this a |

private documentary Cor our eyes only? Please

Geel Cree +¢ Call Us when you Jet over being a

wannabe and want +¢ meet some real Ren-
egades, We'll be flad +0 escort you on your Cirst
Werarchy kill.

— Weser

There are some who say that the Hierarchy is all that keeps @

us from falling into Oblivion. I disagree. The Hierarchy has ex-

hausted its repertoire of skills. The real freedom fighters in the a
war against Oblivion are the Renegades who can adapt their tac-

tics to suit the circumstances.
The Empire of Stygia and the slave Necropoli of the

Shadowlands are rotten to the core, while the opponents of tyr Wi
anny grow stronger and stronger with every soul who comes to |

us across the Shroud. The writing is on the wall and the Hierar-

chy is up against that wall. Read the words, motherfuckers. Power 8

to the people.
Respectfully submitted for your enjoyment and edification,

RESPECTFULLY, ITTY ASS...
—~ TRIGGER

Garibaldi MacMullen
Official Chronicler for the Deadbeat Brigade

oon

ar Pa art

<x.

Ea


ia

v

qt

a
2

.

i

iy

ceed

=


GET,

Vt

> /

N

e Structure of the  _Dsscerts Drearess
Renegades Desperados ant Derelict

ny of the following terms defines the The best way to divide Renegades into coherent groups
group of wraiths collectively known as ___ is to look at their reasons for falling through the cracks of the
Renegades: rebels, idealists, activists, Hierarchy. Most Renegades fall into one of four groups —
Seem) terrorists, criminals, outlaws, miscreants, _ political dissidents (Protesters), philosophical visionaries and
deserters, revolutionaries, thugs, pirates, | dreamers (Idealists), fugitives from the Hierarchy (Outlaws)
i) mercenaries, visionaries, malcontents, and circumstantial or situational Renegades (Drop-Outs).
4} blackguards and dissidents. In short, the Even these dividing lines don't always hold, however, since
term "Renegade" describes any wraith changing circumstances may alter an individual Renegade's
who opposes the Hierarchy and whohas outlook on her condition. An escaped criminal may begin
not joined the Heretics. Renegades come in all sizes, shapes, cole her Renegade career as an Outlaw, discover a cause she be-
ors and political affiliations. Despite their disparate origins and _ lieves in and join an Idealist gang. Conversely, a passionate
reasons for earning a place on the Hierarchy's hit list, these re- revolutionary may eventually succumb to disillusionment and
bellious wraiths have a few common threads that serve to unite —_ turn mercenary, discarding her ideals in favor of a more prag-
them, and that make it possible for an observer to categorize matic existence.
them in broad terms.

7a'
‘T.9r o™,

rr.

AG
Be

awe "
Pet'

+
aL

epee
aie

Pol Ee

ap

Tre

iD

0 Se

Ee!
Sp
bay


Protesters ("Pols

These Renegades make up the hard-core resistance to
the Hierarchy. Composed largely of wraiths who, in life,
fought against oppression, tyranny and despotism, Protest-
ers oppose the structure of the Underworld itself. Some of
the oldest existing wraiths belong to this group. Leaders of
slave revolts, masterminds of national uprisings, martyrs
to the cause of freedom and justice and individuals whose
words catalyzed revolutions continue their unfinished busi-
ness by opposing the tyranny of the Deathlords' rule. In
addition, this Renegade faction contains some of the
Underworld's most recent arrivals — the activists and agi-
tators who passed through the Shroud as a result of the
national liberation movements of the 20th century and who
weren't claimed by any of the other Dark Kingdoms.

In a faction not known for its organization, Protesters
generally maintain highly structured units — or cells — to
focus their seditious activities and preserve security. Un-
fortunately, the political dissidents of the Underworld suf-
fer from internal dissension, a common thread among the
Renegades. The same security measures that keep one cell
from knowing the members of another cell also prevent
large-scale cooperative actions. In addition, leaders of the
Pol factions differ among themselves, pulling their follow-
ers in different, and often opposite, directions.

Protesters make up the most active and vocal group of
Renegades. Their repertoire ranges from attempted (and
occasionally successful) coups levied against the Citadels
of the Shadowlands' Necropoli, to the assassination of key
Hierarchy figures in order to weaken the establishment's
hold over the Underworld. Most Renegade-sponsored vio-
lent actions come from within the ranks of the Pols, who
see themselves as an army intent on opposing the Legions

of the Deathlords.

Leaders

Of all Renegade factions, the Pols come the closest to
maintaining an overall government through a complex net-
work of tenuous connections among individual cells. Or-
ders come down through cell leaders from a "Renegade
Council," located somewhere within the Shadowlands, and
each cell strives to carry out the directives that apply to it.
Headed by a legendary Renegade known only as Sangfroid,
the Renegade Council serves as a rallying point for politi-
cal dissidents throughout the Underworld. Whether
Sangfroid and the Renegade Council actually exist or sim-
ply comprise a monumental case of wish-fulfillment, they
serve their purpose as a unifying agent for the fractious Pols.

4 "RA
Fei 3)
iy

7% ; TTY Ys ea 2

Renegade Journals, Part |

We spent two weeks scouting the target. Joey ani

I took the day shift, while Dart and Myra made the

night rounds. We memorized the layout of the museun,

Skinriding a couple of times to get a look at it from thi

other side of the Shroud. After we were done, we had «

pretty good idea of how often the Legions patrolled the

area around the building. During that time, we no-

ticed a few deliveries of goods from Styvgia go inside.

On the night of the raid, everything was set to go.

All the members of our cell were ready to move on m

stynal. Then Sharkey lost it. His Shadow took over and

shoved him forward, right into the path of the patrol

that was just leaving the area.

We had no choice but to charge in after our com

rade. What should have been a clean, pinpoint search

and-setzure turned into an all-out battle in the streets.

We were lucky. Most of the Legionnaires wer

greenhorns. They went down fast. We left them to then

Harrowings and stormed the museum. We found ow

target — an arms cache — in the basement.

We got out more or less intact, before the next pu

trol showed up, except that we had to leave Sharkey

behind. The last I saw of him, the patrol leader anid

one of her men were dragging him to the Legion's HQ.

I figure we have at most 24 hours to stage a rescue

before they break him and find out everything he knows.

At least maybe the weapons we acquired will give uw

an edye....

— Desdemona, Captain of the Midtown People's Militia

idealists { Dealers

Some Renegades focus their opposition on specific prac-
tices within the Hierarchy. For these wraiths, the Stygian-
based authority of the Deathlords would be acceptable if only
one or two policies were changed. Proponents of civil disobe-
dience, legal protests, grassroots campaigns and change
through education and awareness gravitate to the Dealers
(though for some it simply marks a stopping place en route to
their radicalization into a Pol). Martyrs, speechmakers, paci-
fists and freedom marchers find a natural outlet for their be-
liefs among this group of Renegades. Feminists, civil rights
activists, environmental activists, Gray Panthers, gay
liberationists, gun-control advocates (as well as their NRA
opponents) and almost any other single-cause supporters find
their niche with the Dealers.

AM ie

dedic:
thoug
Passiv

up thi


and
' the
"um,
1 the
cad a
[the
' nNO-
le.

0 £0.
nomMy
rand
atrol

com-
arch-
‘eets.,
were
their
l our

t pa-
irkey
~ and
HQ.
SCHE
LOWS,

te tts

ilitia

Although their devotion to their particular cause rivals the
dedication of the Pols in intensity, Dealers prefer less violent —
though no less confrontational — ways of achieving their goals.
Passive resistance, quiet acts of sabotage and public rallies make
up this group's preferred forms of expression.

Dealers tend to unite in special interest groups — or blocs.
Communications among various blocs is widespread; alliances
between different blocs shift frequently. The unfortunate ten-
dency of most visionaries to place their particular version of Uto-
pia above others tends to keep Dealers from coalescing into an
effective popular movement in wraith society. Too often those
who oppose the practice of smelting souls or enthralling wraiths
find litcle in common with those who feel that the Dictum Mor-
tuum needs serious revising or those who want to disband the
Legions and replace the Deathlords with an elected governing
council. Hampered by an inability to see the bigger picture in
life, these same idealists suffer from a chronic myopia in death
which limits their vision to their own backyards.

leaders

While the Dealers have no overall superstructure, occasion-
ally a charismatic spokesperson arises from one of the blocs and
uses her gift for inspiration to bring together several idealist groups
into a cohesive unit. The most famous of these, Mad Catherine
Whitney, surfaced in the early 19th century, during the height of
the Luddite movement in England. Her impassioned advocacy
of shunning anything made from smelted souls in favor of relic
items unified many idealist Renegades under one banner and led
to the near overthrow of the Liverpool Necropolis. The coup's
failure and the subsequent capture of Mad Catherine splintered
the various Dealer blocs, whose only real connection lay in their
admiration of and devotion to the fearless woman. Other power-
ful orators have emerged from time to time, though none have
achieved the mythic stature of Mad Catherine.

Outlaws ( Cons |

All Renegades are de facto "outlaws," but some are more
so than others. Wraiths who break one too many laws and
manage to elude the long arm of the Hierarchy make up the
bulk of the Renegade faction known as Outlaws (or Cons).
Thieves, black marketers, slavers, deserters from the Legions,
independent self-licensed bounty hunters, runaway Thralls,
malingerers, thugs and all sorts of castaways make a place for
themselves in Renegade society. Although they don't share
the glorious ideals and revolutionary ardor of the Pols and
Dealers, these fugitives from the system share a common ha-
tred for the society that threw them out or branded them crimi-
nals.

In life, most Outlaws played fast and loose with the con- ,
ventions of their societies. Upon their arrival in the
Shadowlands, these former gang members, mobsters, petty
criminals, hardened felons, smugglers, pimps, junkies, drug
dealers, mercenaries, arms dealers and other practitioners of
illicit trades find themselves faced with another set of rules
they can't — or won't — follow. Hence, they become Ren-
egades.

Let's face it: Most of them deserve whatever they get.
The majority of Outlaws are degenerate, mean, nasty and
would as soon sell your Corpus to the highest Spectral bidder
as look at you — after getting their jollies torturing you. Some
even make a point of locating their victims' Fetters so they
can be there waiting to recapture the hapless wraiths once
they come out of the Harrowing such treatment often causes.

The Cons care nothing about those wraiths they sell into
slavery, Moliate, turn over to the soulforgers or kidnap to fat-
ten the flocks of the Heretics. They have no ideals, don't care
what side anyone is on, and exist primarily to wreak havoc,
cause disruptions for the hell of it and acquire whatever they

Renegade journals, Part 2

It was just a sprur of the moment thing. The wraith had Reaper written all over him, and he looked like he was going

somewhere in a hurry.

4

We'd just come from the rally, and things were quiet. Here in the mountains, the Anacreon's troops are stretched

pretty thin, and we can meet without drawing any fire as long as we don't start any riots. So — veah — we were bored.

We tracked the Reaper through the Tempest and back into the Shadowlands, following the Byways until we reached

a place where the Shroud just felt weaker, like something was about to happen there.

pe

Janya and Cross and Tully started screaming, "Spectres! It's an ambush!" and stuff like that as loud as they could.

Sure enough, the Reaper started looking for something to come out of the Tempest. Right about then, the Enfant came

bustin' through the Shroud, her Caul tight around her face. | grabbed her and ran like crazy. The others jumped to their

Fetters to get away from the Reaper, who was startin' to figure out that something wasn't quite right.

So, now we have anew member of our bloc. Her name's Katy and I think she'll realize soon enough how much better

— Danny Joe, Black Mountain Freedom Patrol

off she is with us than with the Legions. Of course, the Anacreon'll be pissed...

Chapter Two: Under the Gun


want regardless of whom it hurts. They feel no remorse, don't
understand any emotion gentler than hate or rage and care
only for themselves. Even other Outlaws won't lift a finger to
help a member of their repulsive faction. In fact, they often
find great amusement in seeing a rival Outlaw captured —
even going so far as to set up the capture themselves so they
can enjoy the show.

In addition to hardened criminals, however, the Outlaws
faction often contains many disaffected members of the Hier-
archy — Legionnaires who discover they can no longer hack
the systematic brutality of army life or wraiths who arouse the
disfavor of some powerful Hierarch. Cons also include self-
styled Robin Hoods, vigilante "knights" and other nobler el-
ements who disavow association with big causes and simply
seek to right wrongs or redistribute resources by taking the
law into their own hands. A number of these independent
"do-gooders" eventually get sick of the perverted weirdos who
form the bulk of this faction and ally themselves with other
Renegade groups, leaving their Outlaw days behind for good.

Most Cons organize themselves into "bands," groups
whose primary reason for existence is to ensure the survival
of their members. Mutual assistance among members of a par-
ticular band makes this group, ironically, one of the most
overtly cooperative of any of the Renegade factions. Inter-
gang cooperation is extremely rare, however, as one group of
bastards knows better than to trust another group just like
themselves. After all, they'd sell out the other guy, given half
a chance, and they expect the same in return.

Leaders

Self-styled leaders abound among the Outlaws. Like the
desperadoes of the American West, Outlaw bands thrive on
reputation and infamy. Renegade lore is full of tall tales fea-
turing Outlaw leaders like Bloody-Eye Giancomo, the Byway
Phantom, One-Tit Annie and Corpus Kristie. From time to
time, several Outlaw leaders form alliances, merging their
bands into rampaging hordes that terrorize local Necropoli.
Individual egos (or Shadow rivalries) soon break these asso-
ciations apart, since none of the leaders of the bands involved
wants to assume a subordinate role.

Drop-Outs ("AWOLs]

Perhaps the most diverse faction within the Renegade
movement consists of wraiths who have simply opted out of
the Hierarchy for one reason or another. These Renegades
are literal drop-outs from Stygian society. They have taken
the Hierarchy's measure and decided to ignore it.

Renegade journals, Part 3

It took us four weeks of solid tracking through

the Tempest, but we finally found the Cutter Gang's

piss-ass excuse for a Haunt. Dumb fuckers weren't

even expecting us. They thought they'd made it free

and clear with our property, but they were wrong.

We wasted 'em — tore their Haunt apart and threw

those sorry suckers into the Tempest. They may never

get out, and fuck 'em if they don't.

Then we took our Phralls back. We stole those

saps honestly — no wimp group of Outlaw-wannabes

is gonna liberate what we can get a good price for on

the market. Nobody fucks with our gang. Nobody.

— Garrett Younger, Riceville Raiders

Most Drop-Outs (or AWOLs) have intensely personal
reasons for identifying themselves with the Renegades. Many
of these wraiths resent the Hierarchy's prohibitions against
interaction with the Skinlands. Puppeteers, medium groupies
and Skinriders flock to this element of Renegade society.

In life, many AWOLs were hedonists, dilettantes and
thrill-seekers; others simply enjoyed close ties with friends
and relatives and refused to let a little thing like death inter-
fere with keeping up those ties.

Like the Outlaws, Drop-Outs have little in common with
one another besides the need to survive outside the Hierarchy's
dubious protection. Most often, Drop-Outs form groups with
wraiths they consider friends, regardless of any other com-
mon ties. These communes lack even the loose organization
of Outlaw bands but still manage to survive due to the mutual
respect and loyalty felt among members.

In some ways, these circumstantial Renegades provide
the most insidious form of opposition to the Hierarchy. They
don't actively work against the system; they simply refuse to
recognize its authority.

Leaders

Although AWOLs produce few, if any, true leaders, they do
provide the Renegades with a plethora of cultural icons. The
outrageous exploits of the Contessa, a notorious Puppeteer who
patronizes several well-known boardwalk mediums, have led the
Hierarchy to place a large bounty on her head. Drop-Outs such
as Rizzo the Skinhopper and Firebug Frankie attract numerous
followers and imitators. While these Drop-Out superstars claim
to speak for no one but themselves, they constitute the closest
thing to leaders to arise from this eclectic group of Renegades.

eo,


rsonal
Many
against
oupies
Pty.

Ps and
riends
inter-

with
archy's
s with
com-
zation
utual

ovide
They

use to

ey do
s. The
t who
ed the
5 such
erous
claim
losest

andes.

Renegade journals, Part 4

We decided to split up for the day and do our own
thing. Sara and [hopped some fleshbags and Skinrode
to the State Fair. We ate so much popcorn and cotton
candy we made our hosts sick — and then made them
ride the ferris wheel a few dozen times. After that, we
caught a movie, then bailed out and came home.

Jerry and Bayler and Trish visited this house
they've been "haunting" for the past few weeks. Each
time they go there, they do something new. Today, |
think it was blood on the ceiling and groans in the buse-
ment. They're hoping someone in the Skinlands will
write a book about it so they can read about themselves.

Then the goons from the Legions paid us a call.
Fortunately, Sara and Twere able to talk our way out
of trouble. Then they asked us about rumors that some
local wraiths were causing trouble around a house in
the Skinlands. We were just about to plead ignorance,
when in walked the Terrible Trio with guilt plastered

all over their fuces. We got off lucky, T giuess. The pa-

trol leader must have met his quota or something cause
he gave us a choice: Either get out of town or he'd put
us ona transport to Stygia the next day.

Thate that they can do that, but of course we'll
move — again. Mavbe someday we'll find a nice
quiet Necropolis that isn't run by the
Levions...like when the Shadowlands freeze over.
Fuck them! Fuck them all!

— Maxie Moran, Dover Rovers

4

What do Renegades do with their days and nights?
Contrary to rumors that this group operates a massive al-
ternative government across the Shadowlands, that
mimicks the Hierarchy's structure and policies, most Ren-
egades spend their time trying to survive as hostiles in en-
emy territory. Although many Renegade gangs work toward
specific goals, they can't always focus all their energy on
attaining their aims. Like other wraiths, they deal with day-
to-day concerns, including monitoring their Fetters, gath-

ering Pathos and struggling with their unruly Shadows. In
addition to these activities, most Renegades need to keep

a ~ FF ie =

aang 1 Ailing,

a sharp eye out for Hierarchy patrols or bounty hunters (some
of whom are, themselves, Renegades) and protect their Haunts.

For some Renegades, merely avoiding capture by the
Legions constitutes a major achievement. Others have more
ambitious agendas. What a Renegade does above and be-
yond the activities necessary for survival depends on her
particular motivations.

Overthrowing the Government

Hard-core political Renegades promote radical social
change, such as the downfall of the Stygian Empire and the
liberation of the Shadowlands from the control of the Le-

gions. The Pols take this duty extremely seriously and direct |

most of their activities toward the coming Revolution. While
actual assaults on Stygia and major Necropoli are rare occur-
rences, preparations for attacks go on constantly. Some cells
protect caches of relic weapons and stolen Hierarchy blades,
while others assemble intelligence on the movements and
deployments of Legion patrols. Most Pols participate in rudi-
mentary military training to prepare themselves for close com-
bat with the Legions. Occasionally, several cells come together
in a training camp deep within the Tempest in order to con-
duct large-scale maneuvers. These outings usually precede a
major action against one of the Necropoli.

Recruitment

The Pols and Dealers make an active effort to increase
their followings through recruiting other wraiths and Reap-
ing new arrivals. Special-action units, called cadres and made
up entirely of Pol recruiters, pay visits to Necropoli where
instances of civil unrest provide opportunities to ply their skills
at conversion. Sometimes, recruiters notice individual wraiths
whose activities target them as suitable candidates for their
Renegade faction.

Dealers prefer to stage public rallies or distribute pam-
phlets advertising their cause and urging wraiths to become
part of a greater movement. Wary of infiltration by Hierar-
chy spies, Dealers usually exercise certain security precau-
tions before finally admitting wraiths recruited at rallies,
often requiring new members to submit to examination by
a trained Pardoner.

Both Pol and Dealer recruiters find their jobs harder in
areas where the Hierarchy exercises the greatest control. Re-
cruitment efforts work best in areas where the disaffected can
slip through the cracks without being noticed. Any Necropolis
in which the Legions are sloppy or where discipline is not
strictly enforced provides fertile ground for new recruits. Ironi-
cally, in those areas where rigid control and heavy-handed-
ness cause the most resentment, there is little chance for re-
cruiters to contact wraiths looking for a way out.

en

Pe

ES

sop APSA

Sa ae OTE mee
Leth


Some of the more organized Renegade factions have
managed to place agents within the Hierarchy. These brave
souls look for disgruntled Restless or those who have com-
mitted infractions which might land them in the soulforges
and arrange for them to meet and join their Renegade com-
rades. Such "charity cases" are always investigated carefully
before being accepted, and it may take years and dozens of
raids before recruits gained through this method are trusted
by their fellows.

A favorite method of attracting new recruits is to send
members of gangs to join a Guild. While learning needed
Arcanoi, the agents lobby other Guildwraiths (particularly
those who seem unlikely to rise too high within the Guild's
organization, or who chafe under strictures placed on
them), convincing them that the Renegade way offers them
more freedom and greater respect. Some are even offered
relics and other inducements to join. Again, these recruits
are carefully checked before they are allowed to know too
much.

Still, with all the security precautions, Renegade gangs
often find themselves under siege soon after accepting the
wrong recruit into their confidence. Recruiting from the
Restless community at large always carries this element of
risk. Some groups feel it's worth it, while others only ac-
cept members whom they have Reaped personally.

50 Renegades

é

weet 6 ots

PITTA EHH om

Reapers who work for the Pols and the Dealers keep track,
through sympathetic Monitors, of living people predisposed
to rebellion. Whenever possible, Renegade Reapers greet these
potential comrades as soon as they pass through the Shroud,
preventing them from even limited exposure to the Hierarchy's
propaganda. Some groups go even further: Agents working
for hard-core political factions are sometimes guilty of not
waiting until a fellow traveler crosses the Shroud of his own
volition. Instead, they take an active hand and force the issue
by driving the desired recruit to suicide or using Puppetry tac-
tics to murder her. Other recruiters simply ambush Hierarchy
Reapers and steal their catches. Unfortunately, some of these
claim-jumpers come from the Outlaw faction of Renegades;
their motivations are usually far from altruistic, and the hap-
less Enfants taken by one of these mercenary Reapers often
end up sold to the highest bidder — regardless of affiliation.

Indoctrination

Becoming a Renegade is easy; staying a Renegade involves
more than just avoiding capture by the Legions. New Ren-
egades need to assimilate the mindset appropriate to their fac-
tion and to learn the tools that make survival outside the
Hierarchy possible. Indoctrination thus plays an important
part in the making of a true — and viable — Renegade.

Pe

ie

ski
(P«
as |
rec
su]

tre
are

or
in!
th
ev
OF
ne

im
pe

of
ta


ese
ud,
ys
ing
ot

sue
ac-

ese
Hes;

ten
On.

lves
en-
ac-
the

ant

bee

The tactics used to instill group loyalty and teach survival
skills differ from faction to faction. Politically oriented groups
(Pols and Dealers) employ such tried-and-true radical techniques
as consciousness-raising Classes and group criticism to inculcate
recruits with the "right" attitudes for their faction. Despite these
supposedly admirable techniques, many gangs do little more than
play on the fears of their recruits and exploit their deepest ha-
treds, convincing them that the Hierarchy (and other factions)
are comprised of the most black-hearted villains to ever walk the
Underworld. Often, what begins as a pure Passion such as Love
or Desire to Protect Others gets twisted through indoctrination
into a strange mockery of itself, a compulsion to love and protect
the gang or to defend it rabidly from those who might harm it —
even when such an overblown reaction is not necessary. This
opens the door to the recruit's Shadow and sometimes creates
new Dark Passions for the Psyche's alter ego to exploit.

Despite lavishing time on teaching new recruits what it
means to belong to a particular faction, Renegade gangs rarely
impart anything truly important to their survival to such newbies.
Until recruits have been thoroughly examined and have partici-
pated in several highly visible radical actions, recruits don't learn
of the gang's plans for retreat, the best hiding places, important
targets or who the faction's real leaders are. Aside from some
political rhetoric and button-pushing, new recruits only learn
what their gang thinks they should know.

r

Outlaws and AWOLs usually prefer to indoctrinate by ex-
ample, doing what comes naturally and letting new gang mem-
bers figure out for themselves how much fun it is to raise hell.
Some go farther, however, pushing new recruits to greater and
more dangerous exploits to prove themselves and show their
toughness. Anything that pissed off Outlaw recruits before they
crossed the Shroud can be equated with Hierarchy practices, al-
lowing the gangs to feed the flames of their members' anger. Again,
such tactics, while they may result in excellent Renegades, often ,
result in wraiths on the edge of joining the Spectres as well.

To indoctrinate anyone successfully, you have to know what
makes him tick. Knowledge of a recruit's greatest fears, most cher-
ished loves and deepest resentments allows those who seek to
warp her mind to their own way of thinking to push the right
buttons. Even more importantly, many groups seek to discover
what makes a new recruit's Shadow tick which allows them to go
much deeper in indoctrinating a new member than that wraith
is consciously aware of. When one's Shadow can be called into
play during maneuvers, gangs can wreak real havoc with their
enemies. Several gangs have specialists among their ranks who
do little more than indoctrinate new arrivals and assess the think-
ing of opposed groups. Often working with knowledge of both
Mnemosynis and Castigate, indoctrination specialists are
prime targets for capture by other Renegade factions and Hi-
erarchy troops alike.

Chapter Two: Under the Gun 51


CO) On SS ANN FERS ht ) LENG it
<4 ‘ y see §
Training Protteering Se
orde
Not every Renegade arrives knowing how to use a Outlaws and some AWOLs are not above making an reac!
weapon, sneak into a Hierarchy holding, infiltrate a Legion _ obolus or two, particularly when they can avoid splitting their step
or spout inspiring rhetoric. In order to pick up those skills, profits with Stygia or the Necropolitan authorities. Many Con
most undergo training. While many Renegade gangs feel that Renegades engage in a profitable black market in relics and seric
on-the-job instruction works best to hone the talents of new Artifacts, seizing them from clueless new arrivals and selling pote
recruits (and to weed out the useless or incompetent), other them to whoever can meet their price. Rumors that some Ren
groups rely on more formal methods. Outlaws have supplied Stygian Domems with brand new Fet- acrc
Formal training takes place at secret bases in the _ ters in order to allow these ancient wraiths to travel in the thei
Shadowlands (with a very few set up somewhere within the Shadowlands once more have led many Pols and Dreamers to up t
Tempest), usually as far from interfering Legionnaire patrols condemn the Cons for doing so. The Fettermongers counter
as possible. Practice sessions using stolen weaponry or setting by claiming that their customers include Renegade Domems virt
up tactical situations for the recruits to tackle form the major who have been trapped on the outskirts of Stygia for centu- in ¢
portion of new Renegades' training. Some groups attempt to __ Ties. eeri
capture foes and let their recruits practice interrogation tech- Trafficking in Thralls also rakes in the oboli. While some d'ét

niques on them as well. Such Renegade camps are mostly for
show and hold few, if any, top leaders. A collection of train-
ees and one or two instructors is the best haul the Hierarchy
can get if it discovers the camp and captures any personnel.

After training in the original camp, recruits are formed
into units and assigned a more experienced leader, who then
takes them on their first raid. Those who fail to perform up to
standard or who just can't hack it are cut loose and left be-
hind (or struck down and left to undergo a Harrowing). At
this point, the casualties don't know enough to seriously harm
the gang that trained them. However, a wraith who screws up
his first time out often finds that his gang will not accept him
back into its midst. As rumor runs rampant through Renegade
circles, the disgraced revolutionary wannabe can often find it
hard to join any other group either. Such "dropouts" usually
end up joining the Outlaws, or existing alone until the inevi-
table end.

Pol and Dealer maneuvers for new recruits typically be-
gin with easy raids on loosely guarded spots, ambushes on
unwary Legionnaire patrols or mock-runs designed to famil-
iarize the wraiths with territory they will pass through on a
later, more important raid. Recruits are only allowed to par-
ticipate in truly serious operations once they've successfully
completed several minor raids, or if the gang's membership is
so depleted that the group needs the manpower.

Outlaw philosophy on training is more direct and brutal:
If the new guy can't keep up and pull his weight, he gets
dumped. If he hasn't had enough training to survive the raid,
tough; he knew the risks coming in. He should have watched
his betters and learned from them. Weak sisters get no sym-
pathy. They endanger the whole gang. Screwups who survive
are usually treated to a one-way ticket to the forges courtesy
of the slavers who were supposed to be their buddies. Persis-
tence of the strongest and fittest is the only thing new Out-
laws really need to know.

Renegades liberate wraiths bound for Stygia in order to re-
cruit them to the cause, or merely to set them free on prin-
ciple, Outlaw bands ambush convoys of Thralls in order to
reap a profit. Under-the-table agreements between Outlaw
slavers and members of the Legions ensures that the Hierar-
chy turns a blind eye to auctions of captured Thralls, some of
whom end up in Hierarchy hands anyway.

louting the System

One of the joys of being a Renegade lies in the freedom
to screw with the establishment. This particular activity has
many forms of expression, ranging from harmless pranks to
serious crimes against the Hierarchy. Slogans and obscene
caricatures scrawled on the walls of an Anacreon's Citadel do
more than just embarrass and offend the sensibilities of a
Necropolis' leader. These actions announce to the Underworld
that the Hierarchy's vaunted security measures possess some
glaring holes.

Anarchists from all Renegade factions lead the charge in
orchestrating acts of random terror and calculated sabotage.
From derailing a train of thralls and confiscated relics bound
for Stygia, to assassinating a Hierarchy administrator in her
own Haunt, these unexpected attacks on the government of
the Underworld emphasize the weaknesses of the Hierarchy
and force wraiths to doubt their leaders.

Good Clean Fun

Then again, there are the Renegades who spend their
time in pursuit of sheer self-indulgence. Most of these hedo-
nists and pleasure-seekers belong to the Drop-Outs. Skinriding
in defiance of the Dictum Mortuum leads the list of recreational
Renegade activities, followed closely by cross-Shroud com-
munication through mediums and by means of Arcanoi such
as Outrage and Pandemonium. While some Pols and Dealers

52 Renegades
_ wc " 7 we Cy : watt . aon Sad ee ee ey
re hO)" ps eR S ieee fae Se RO RS GTTTTIV EEE CS oe ae ea = pfllin A Newed ee ahs

ny
nd

ng

et-

see Skinriding as a means of keeping in touch with the
Skinlands, and, in fact, avail themselves of living hosts in
order to conduct top-secret meetings out of the Hierarchy's
teach, most Renegades who take advantage of their ability to
step inside someone more comfortable do so just for kicks.
Communicating with mediums also serves the purposes of
serious-minded Renegades, particularly in terms of preparing
potential recruits for what to expect in the afterlife. Most
Renegades however, harbor personal reasons for reaching
across the Shroud. Either they seek to maintain contact with
their families or else they simply enjoy the chance to shake
up the Quick with their performances.

Many Spooks and Haunters belong to the Renegades by
virtue of the fact that their Guilds have long been proscribed
in Stygia. For them, the act of haunting a house or causing
eerie phenomena in the Skinlands constitutes their raison
d'étre.

It also turns them on, but that goes without saying.

Renegade Journals, Part 5

It was bitchin'! Sometimes I can't stand myself.
[have this thing about fires — they're gorgeous to
look at and they bring things across the Shroud, too.

So, anvway, Twas inside this kid — college type
— not vour twpical arsonist. His buttons were simple
to push, a hard tweak on the jealousy knob, a few
twists of suspicion and a jab at the big red "Anger"
button. Then | headed him off to his girlfriend's
house, with a stop on the way to purchase three or
four gallons of gasoline.

He almost got away from me a couple of times
while TE made him cirele the house, souking it real
vood in just the right places. Then he used his gold-
plated lighter; of course, | made sure he was soaked
in gasoline and standing right next to the house when
Itwent up.

I jumped back across the Shroud and stood

around to watch the house come through, just like I

knew it would, almost right in the backyard of the
local Citadel. [T waved my hands in the air and
screamed "Free relics!" and then just sat back and
waited for the looters. The riot lasted for about an
hour before the Legions finally busted it up and
hauled most of the looters off. Some of 'em'll prob-
ably end up on the way to Stvgia.

Who cares? I got what T wanted — a real good
show. Now it's off to mark up some buildings. Death's
agas when vou don't give a shit.

— Firebug Frankie

Gangs

Renegades organize themselves in Circles just like most
other wraiths. Although most wraiths refer to Renegade
Circles as gangs, the Renegades themselves distinguish among
several types of gangs. Different factions within the Renegades
have their own peculiar gang structures, which are specifi-
cally suited to their needs and aims.

Cells

Pols prefer to organize in cells, small groups of from three to
10 individuals who subscribe to a rigid hierarchy of ranks and
division of responsibility. Each cell has a leader (sometimes as-
suming a military command title such as Captain or Major), who
decides policy for the gang and assumes direct responsibility for
the actions of those wraiths under her command. Cells also in-
clude a security specialist, who oversees the safety measures for
the group and monitors the activities of her comrades for signs of
treasonous behavior, as well as a quartermaster, who distributes
the group's possessions as necessary. While these three positions
are essential to the survival of a cell, larger cells also consist of
morale officers, combat trainers, communications specialists, re-

54 Renegades

a

rey,

t

connaissance experts and liaison officers. Decisions within cells
come from the leader; while other members of the cell may offer
advice and information, the leader's directives are unilateral and
final.

ie 8.

Because the Pols fear infiltration and betrayal more than
any other Renegade group, cells operate on a need-to-know ba-
sis with regard to anyone on the outside. Members of a cell rarely
know of the existence of other cells so that capture of any one
member does not necessarily jeopardize anyone outside her own
cell. Usually the cell leader knows one or two other leaders, al-
though not the members of those leaders' groups. By carefully
controlling how much information any one Pol knows, this Ren-
egade faction keeps the Hierarchy from conducting mass arrests.

Blocs

Idealist Renegades prefer the name "bloc" to describe
their gangs. Borrowing the word from the Skinlands' term for
special interest groups engaged in lobbying for their particu-
lar causes, Dealers organize their blocs as if they were stand-
ing committees led by a chairperson. Blocs can contain any-
where from three to 15 members. Additional positions of re-
sponsibility include a treasurer (who controls the funds and
communally owned properties of the bloc's members), a spe-
cial activities coordinator (who organizes rallies and meet-

"ag

"a yyy

op
all
sit
nc
CIN
La
sir
de
fro

OV

gr
be

ot
in

di
al
gi

S(


ells
bffer

and

han

rely
one
bwn
,al-

lly
en-
psts.

AT tole? RRS ? # Py

ings and arranges for the participation of other blocs with
similar interests) and a security officer (who provides at least
aminimum of protection for the bloc's Haunt).

Unlike the paramilitary organization prevalent among the
Pols, Dealer blocs operate on a more egalitarian basis. Decisions
come about through consensus or majority vote, usually after
exhaustive discussions. A bloc's chairperson acts as a moderator
and organizer of group activities, but has no absolute authority
over her fellow group members.

Blocs tend to share information with other similarly aligned
Dealer groups. Some make use of the Internet to alert other blocs
of upcoming rallies and meetings, while others rely on word-of-
mouth or personal contact with other bloc leaders. These meet-
ings and exchanges of information do not always result in in-
creased cooperation among various blocs. Often negotiations
break down into sessions of heated arguments and mud-slinging
as opinions clash in a war of ideologies.

Bands

Outlaw bands don't subscribe to any one method of or-
ganization. Some gangs of Outlaws have an undisputed leader
and a troop of followers, while others have a two-tiered hier-
archy; the leader and his cronies make the decisions, while
the other members carry out their boss's orders. A few bands
operate without leaders, acting out of a group consensus and
allowing whoever wants the glory to take charge of any given
situation. Most Outlaw gangs have at least five members; some
notorious ones have as many as 20. In general, the most effec-
tive bands consist of four or five wraiths operating as a unit.
Larger groups — in effect, Outlaw armies — consist of several
smaller bands acting together rather than one large horde un-
der a single leader. These sub-groups (which contain anywhere
from three to six members) often break away to conduct their
own business, engage in lucrative side-excursions or act as
outrunners for the main group.

Although most Outlaw bands avoid ranks or titles, each
group usually has a variety of available skills among its mem-
bers. Certain members of a band act as security advisors, while
others plot tactics and plan ambushes or act as scouts and
information gatherers. Outlaws who maintain connections
with the Legions usually do so through a member of the band
who acts as a liaison with the local Hierarchy.

Outlaw bands usually stake out their own territory and
discourage other bands from operating within their bound-
aries. While cooperation between bands sometimes occurs,
gang warfare is commonplace within this faction of Renegades.

Communes

Notable for their lack of visible structure, AWOL com-

munes nevertheless manage to get things done (at least by
' ee « " .

someone's definition of "done"). Occasionally a member

‘Mixed Gangs and Other Complications

of acommune will take it upon herself to organize some group
activity; for that amount of time, she becomes the "leader."
Communes participate in discussions about everything from
when to organize a group Skinride to whether or not a mem-
ber was followed back to the Haunt.

Because communes exist primarily to ensure mutual sur- |
vival while individual members pursue their own goals, they
have no real need for a rigid internal structure. Usually one
member of a commune delegates to herself the job of security
monitor. Often, this is the only actual "position" within the
group, although many communes also acknowledge the ne-
cessity for a social director to keep up with the various activi-
ties and proposed outings for group members.

Communes may consist of as few as three members or (¢
may have an indeterminate number of core wraiths and fringe
associates. "Group" activities rarely involve the entire mem-
bership of a commune (unless it is a very small one). The
emphasis on cooperative individuality as opposed to follow-
ing the crowd encourages the formation of smaller units, which
can then pursue common goals.

Most commune decisions come about through consen-
sus, although occasionally members do put an idea to a vote.
Frequently, communes choose their activities by default ("I
guess we aren't going Skinriding tonight after all....").

Because communes exist independently of one another,
cooperation among different communes occurs by accident
rather than by design. Although these structures seem tocon- ¥
stitute the weak link of the Renegade factions, the resiliency |
of the communal structure makes it difficult to undermine.
After all, it's hard to take out a gang's leader when it's impos-
sible to pick her out from the other members of her group.

Ey Ce

of

Not all Renegades sort themselves neatly into gangs based
on factions. Mixed gangs of Renegades crop up with annoying
frequency. After all, Renegades don't adhere to any rules or guide-
lines. Particularly in small Necropoli (where most wraiths be-
long to the Hierarchy and few question the rightness of the
Underworld's established authorities), Renegades of all stripes
are forced to band together out of a common need to survive
rather than from similar interests. Mixed gangs often include one
or two hard-core Pols, an ex-Legionnaire turned Outlaw anda |
compulsive Skinlands visitor. While it is difficult for these com-
posite gangs to reach full agreement on goals and means, usually
some sort of compromise allows all the members at least partial &'
expression of the motivations that made them Renegades in the {%
first place.

Complicating matters even more, Renegades don't always
form the type of gang normally preferred by their particular fac-
tion. Some Pols operate as completely independent units, taking
their orders from no one but themselves. These Protesters usu-
ally ignore the tight discipline of cells in favor of a looser struc-
ture. Renegades from other factions may form groups that oper-
ate with the military precision and tight security of some Legion
patrols. In short, Renegade gangs are ultimately organized ac-
cording to the desires of their members.

Chapter Two: Under the Gun


<a <4

rom the Ground Up
A Sample Gang

For anyone curious to know how the members of a Ren-
egade gang fit together and what skills are necessary to put
together a successful, viable gang, the following description
of the Deadbeat Brigade may provide some guidelines. While
Storytellers may use the thumbnail sketches of the gang mem-
bers as seeds for creating fully fleshed-out personalities to act
as allies or rivals in Renegade chronicles, players may also
find some ideas for creating their own Renegade gangs.

The Deadbeat Brigade

The gang known as the Deadbeat Brigade consists of
wraiths dedicated to the dissemination of information
throughout the Underworld, specifically the spreading of
the truth about the Hierarchy to any wraiths who will lis-
ten. Based in the Shadowlands near Baltimore, Maryland,

the gang represents a cross-section of Renegade society and

includes among its members a hard-core revolutionary, a
political idealist, an ex-Centurion of the Grim Legion, a
Renegade Pardoner, a Consort and a former mercenary.
While the Deadbeat Brigade does not involve itself in overt
actions such as raids, assassinations or attempted coups, it
does try to keep track of these activities and prevent offi-
cial Hierarchy cover-ups from keeping the population of
the Underworld in the dark.

Most of the gang's members arrived in the Shadowlands
in the 1970s and 80s, although its oldest member and de
facto leader has been around since the mid-1800s.

The gang's structure falls somewhere in between the
rigid delineation of roles typical of a Pol cell and the loose
confederation of a Dealer bloc. Although they have-an
undisputed leader, the Deadbeat Brigade's members avoid
ranks, adopt common courtesy as their protocol and rely
on pooling their information before coming to a decision.
In extreme situations, such as during a recent Hierarchy
raid on a Renegade safe-house they were visiting, the Dead-
beats proved capable of defending themselves and coming
out of a conflict with all members intact. They credit this
success largely to their ability to react to their leader's di-
rections quickly.

On the other hand, a debate about the best way to
ensure that their latest exposé of Hierarchy cover-ups
reaches as many wraiths as possible has gone on for eight
months without resulting in a firm decision. —

The members of the Deadbeat Brigade bring a broad
range of interlocking and complementary skills to their
gang.

¢ Charlotte de la Muse, Gang Leader: — A factory
worker turned revolutionary, Charlotte fell on the barri-
cades during the Paris student uprising of 1848. Reaped en
masse with other victims of the doomed revolt, Charlotte
found herself bound for Stygia and the forges. Rescued by
a Renegade gang, Charlotte threw in her lot with the
Underworld's dissidents, learning the rudiments of guer-
rilla warfare and a few essential Arcanoi "on the job." See-
ing the need for a way to inspire fellow Renegades by ad-
vertising the successes (both small and large) of other Ren-
egade groups, she drifted from one gang to another, look-

ing for the perfect combination. Finally, a series of circum-

_ stances led her to travel to the Shadowlands of America,
_ where she formed her own Renegade gang consisting of
"wraiths who supported her vision.

Charlotte brings to the gang she leads a wide variety

_ of skills anda good smattering of Arcanoi learned in the

century and a half since her death. An expert street fighter,
she has acquired a fair degree of accuracy with modern fire-
arms. She possesses a flair for leadership and, despite her
small size, can easily intimidate even the most physically
imposing Centurion. In addition, her familiarity with both
Underworld and Skinlands politics enables her to inter-
pret what goes on around her accurately and quickly. A
decade-long stint with a Renegade Chanteur mentor taught
Charlotte the arts of Keening, which she uses to inspire
and motivate those around her. She also possesses rudi-
mentary levels of Argos, Moliate and Puppetry.

® Garibaldi MacMullen, Chronicler: — Garibaldi
took it with him when he went — 30 years of experience
as a war correspondent and photojournalist. Reaped by an
Idealist bloc in the Shadowlands near Sarajevo, Garibaldi
saw the need for someone other than the Hierarchy to re-
port the news. Assigning himself to a one-man fact-find-
ing mission, he wandered the Shadowlands looking for the
"real story." He connected with Charlotte de la Muse in
the Baltimore Necropolis and became the first member of
her gang, which he named the Deadbeat Brigade.

Garibaldi's skills include the ability to express himself
eloquently, a broad knowledge of history and politics, ru-
dimentary combat and firearms abilities and an empathy
with operating machinery — including cars, bikes, trucks

and computers. Though he has a basic knowledge of both
Argos and Puppetry, he has managed to learn the jealously
guarded Inhabit Arcanos from a Renegade Artificer he
befriended in Europe.

e Aaron Jacobs, Tactics: — A former paratrooper
whose parents emigrated to Israel when he was a child,
Aaron met his death in.a bombing incident in Tel Aviv.

™ = so 0 ct. ex

ti
ti

2)

On ows m

ence
y an

O Te-
ind-
j the

se in

Be
+

"i

My tharsis. Sister Promise relies on Aaron's Castigation skills

Reaped by the Grim Legion, Aaron soon found unlife with

the Hierarchy unbearable; the Stygian government's fas-
cist and authoritarian overtones reminded him too much
of the stories he'd heard about Nazi Germany. As soon as
he was able, he deserted his patrol and surrendered to the
first Renegade gang he met. That gang happened to be
Charlotte de la Muse's Deadbeat Brigade, en route to yet

another center of Renegade activity in the Shadowlands. —

While Aaron has yet to earn the full trust of his com-
tades, the Deadbeats rely on his knowledge of small-unit
tactics and Hierarchy strategies to help them survive con-
frontations and, more importantly, elude sweeps by local
patrols. He has taken upon himself the task of training the
other members in small-arms combat, hand-to-hand fight-
ing and tactical deployment. In his short career as a Le-
gionnaire, Aaron focused on learning Moliate, which he
now uses on himself and his gang members whenever com-
bat seems likely, and enough Usury to make him the group's
medic. He possesses a working knowledge of Argos and
Castigate.

¢ Sister Promise , Morale: — The daughter of a civil
rights activist preacher and his choir-director wife, Angela
Marie Shepherd grew up steeped in the belief that faith
could work miracles, move mountains and end racial ha-
tred in the South. A church firebombing in her home town
ended her life but did not destroy her faith. Reaped by the
Hierarchy, she found that her spirituality and deep con-
victions made her a natural for training with the Pardon-
ers. Taking the name Sister Promise, Angela completed her
training and then volunteered for "missionary work" among
the Renegades before embarking on her career as a Par-
doner-Legionnaire. She ended up attached to the Dead-
beat Brigade and soon discovered that she had more in
common with the gang than with the Legions. She has not
returned from her missionary tour, choosing instead to of-
fer her services to the Deadbeats as Pardoner and inspira-
tional counselor.

Sister Promise has minimal combat abilities but ex-
cels in interpersonal skills. She has an intuitive understand-
ing of the human psyche — as well as its Shadow. As a
. Journeyman Pardoner, she possesses a thorough knowledge

a of Castigate, a familiarity with both Argos and Lifeweb,

"and — to her shame — a real flair for Outrage during Ca-

‘to keep her own Shadow in line. —
¢ Arabella Paz, Liaison: — The daughter of a lin-

t 5 -guistics professor and her anthropologist husband, Arabella

gtew up surrounded by the academic life. Her own inter-
. gs ests, however, bordered on the occult and the metaphysi-

s, trology, numerology and other related "-ologies." She at-

"cal. Arabella steeped herself in the study of the Tarot, as-

tended seances, played with Ouija boards and sought for
proof of survival on the "other side." A gypsy-wannabee,
she dressed in long skirts, scarves and jangly jewelry.

To her parents' dismay, Arabella dropped out of col-
lege during her senior year and embarked on a hitchhiking
journey from California to the East Coast, emulating the
nomadic lifestyle she so admired. Her trip ended abruptly
when she accepted a ride with a drunk driver.

Her Reaper was.a Renegade Oracle, drawn to Arabella's
passage through the Shroud by the mysterious pull of Fate.
After studying with her Reaper for several years, Arabella
sought other teachers who could help her learn to cross
the Shroud into the Skinlands. She became attached to a
medium she had visited during her life. She also attracted
the attention of the Hierarchy, a situation which forced
her to leave her teacher and seek protection elsewhere.

_ After months on the run, she found a home with the Dead-

beat Brigade.

Arabella has quick reflexes, although she is untrained
as a fighter. She inherited her mother's talent for languages
and uses her linguistic fluency to ease communications
between her gang and Renegades from Europe. Her knowl-
edge of Fatalism, Puppetry, Embody and Phantasm have
proven useful in many situations.

@ Ronny Smith, Scout/Quartermaster: — A Vietnam
veteran turned soldier of fortune, Smitty saw combat in
Central and South America before succumbing to a mas-
sive coronary in an Ecuadorian brothel. A pair of Reapers,
one from the Legions and one from an Outlaw band of
Renegades, fought over the new arrival. The Renegade won.
Smitty quickly proved his usefulness to his Reaper's band
and, in turn, learned from them how to make a lot of oboli
through various kinds of profiteering. When a Hierarchy
raid drove Smitty's band into the Tempest, the Outlaws
ran right into a Spectre ambush. Smitty was the sole survi-
vor. The experience changed him profoundly, making him
conscious for the first time that there really were terrible
things "out there" and that there was more to the afterlife .
than money. Shortly afterwards, he found a home with the
Deadbeat Brigade.

The predominantly idealistic Deadbeats rely on
Smitty's combat instincts and survival skills, as well as his
practical knowledge and acquisitions skills. Smitty also
knows a considerable bit of Argos as well as a smattering of
Pandemonium and Inhabit he picked up during his stint as

an Outlaw.

The Deadbeats' Haunt is an abandoned warehouse on

_the outskirts of Baltimore. The Gang owns a relic HUM-

_V, courtesy of Smitty, anda relic: Printing press discovered
by Garibaldi. |

RS)
7

Famous Renegade Gangs

Although many Renegade gangs attempt to keep a low
profile and do their business without attracting unwanted at-
tention from the Legions, a few gangs have acquired reputa-
tions of one sort or another among the population of the
Underworld. In some cases, notoriety comes about despite a
gang's best efforts; other Renegades deliberately seek to spread
the word about their activities in order to garner the respect
of their fellows. Wraith: The Oblivion mentions The Broth-
erhood of the Black Rabbit, the StormRiders and the Flying
Column as particularly well-known Renegade gangs. Below

are a few others that typify the varied interests and concerns
of those who defy the authority of the Deathlords.

Wraithjackers

One of the largest and most notorious Outlaw bands in
the Shadowlands, the Wraithjackers conduct raids on Hier-
archy convoys and transports. Focusing on the liberation of
thralls, these Renegades have gained a reputation as "noble
bandits of the Byways." Based outside of the San Francisco
Necropolis, the Wraithjackers consist of former soldiers-of-
fortune, bikers and vigilantes. While the Wraithjackers pro-
vide a second chance for many wraiths otherwise destined for
the Stygian forges or for an afterlife of eternal servitude, they
also turn a profit from other endeavors such as relic theft and
arms smuggling.

Rumors persist that members of the Wraithjackers kick
back to the Legions a portion of their receipts from black
market sales in return for access to information regarding
movements of Thrall transports. The presence of a former
member of the Silent Legion, a Centurion kicked out of the
Legion for unspecified "crimes against the Hierarchy," adds
some veracity to the allegations that the Wraithjackers rely
on cooperation from local patrols in order to achieve their
astounding success rate. Further muddying the waters, the
notorious Master Pardoner known as Brother Angyr frequents
Wraithjacker Haunts in San Francisco and serves as their
unofficial "spiritual counselor."

No one has ever determined how many Thralls "liberated"
by the Wraithjackers actually managed to escape re-capture by
the Legions, but nearly every Renegade group on the West Coast
knows at least one wraith who claims she owes her continued
existence to the Wraithjackers' intervention.

Daughters of Liberty

Formed from a Boston-based women's collective who met
their deaths in a car crash en route to a feminist rally in Wash-
ington, D. C. in the early 1970s, the wraiths who make up
this gang of Idealist Renegades has managed to stay together
in the afterlife. Brought into the Renegade fold by a sympa-

thetic Reaper, the members of the Daughters of Liberty (the
name of their Skinlands collective) settled into their new
existence with a vengeance. Targeting more than just the
Hierarchy's oppressive policies, these Idealists also combat
evidence of paternalism and sexism within the Renegade
movement. Their outspoken condemnation of fellow Ren-
egades has aroused mixed feelings among the Shadowlands'
rebels. Many Pols consider the Daughters of Liberty danger-
ous, charging that they promote internal dissension and that
their beliefs are counter-productive to the Revolution. Some
Idealists support the Daughters wholeheartedly, while others
see their aims as frivolous.

Strangely enough, the Daughters of Liberty do not op-
pose the Hierarchy as a whole. They admit the need for some
sort of government in the Underworld, citing the necessity
for taking care of the basic needs of millions of wraiths as
their main reason for not advocating the total overthrow of
the Stygian Empire. The Daughters believe that by ridding
the Hierarchy of its outmoded and authoritarian elements,
they can salvage its more positive aspects.

The Midnight Watch

One of the oldest Renegade groups in existence, the Mid-
night Watch consists of Domems who survived the raid on
the Onyx Tower and escaped into the Tempest around Stygia.
Carving out a Haunt for themselves not far from the City of
Souls, this gang of Pols maintains an eternal vigil over the
city that was once their home. Alert to the fluctuations of
the Tempest surrounding Stygia, the Midnight Watch con-
siders itself the true guardian of the Underworld's heart. Charg-
ing that the Legions are too busy doing the Deathlords' dirty
work, these Renegades watch for signs of Maelstroms and look
for evidence of Charon's eventual return.

Members of the Midnight Watch believe that they are
the true inheritors of Charon's Empire, and thus they fall into
the category of Renegades who support the overthrow of the
Deathlords. Some wraiths believe that the leader of the Mid-
night Watch is a former Deathlord deposed by the current
holder of the title. Occasionally, the Midnight Watch enter-
tains envoys from one or another of the Heretic groups that
inhabit the Far Shores. This has led to some interesting specu-
lations about a joint Heretic-Renegade effort to overthrow
Stygia in the near future.

Greater Newark Skinriding Association

Those who believe that nothing exciting comes out of
New Jersey need look no further than this group of Drop-Out
Renegades dedicated to the pursuit of pleasure in the after-
life. Only the most avid thrill-seekers and danger junkies meet
the standards of membership of this Renegade commune.
Casualties among the GNSA are high due to the reckless aban-
don that characterizes the group's high-risk "deathstyle." Po-

38 Renegades
ey ™ : is nth ; a aan | @;*

OQ et OO 8 AO tt DH HN |

> y

OC WMmMomrondtwoyvwmnomoae

rR

new
the
bat
bgade
Ren-
ands'
ger-
t that
yome
thers

bt Op-
some
essity
hs as
ow of
dding

ents,

p Mid-
nid on
btygia.
ity of
er the
ons of
con-
harg-
5' dirty
d look

ey are
All into
rp of the
e Mid-
urrent
h enter-
ps that
P specu-
prthrow

out of
op-Out
e after-
ies meet
mune.
pss aban-

le." Po-

.

Sa
<I

isiiv

tential recruits must prove their worthiness to join the GNSA
by succeeding in some hazardous or outrageous undertaking,
such as possessing a NASCAR driver in the last lap of a Win-
ston Cup final or Skinriding the President of the United States
during his State of the Union Address. Those who come
through the experience intact gain admittance into this elite
group of devil-may-care Renegades.

Most current members of the GNSA involve them-
selves in crusades against the Dictum Mortuum's ban on
congress with the living, Although they appear to exist
solely to indulge themselves in revisiting the pleasures of
the flesh, the "Newark Skinnies" actually serve a larger
cause. As one of the key elements in the Puppeteers' mas-
ter plan to weaken the Shroud and undermine the Hierar-
chy, the GNSA crosses the line between Drop-Outs and
Pols, proving that even those who purportedly pursue per-
sonal pleasure can also serve the Revolution.

Dive Tricksters

From their base of operations in an abandoned planta-
tion outside Columbia, South Carolina, the Dixie Tricksters
excel in flaunting the Hierarchy's bans against crossing the
Shroud. This mixed gang of Renegades consists of members
of each of the four factions. As a result, their escapades range
from subversive attacks on the Citadel of the Columbia
Necropolis to elaborate con games that involve both the Quick
and the Restless. Most of the Tricksters are active Puppeteers
who make contacting the Quick a priority in their active so-
cial schedule. Although they tend to shy away from obvious
hunters and debunkers, the Dixie Tricksters maintain a stable
of mediums and have sparked a psychic renaissance in the
Skinlands around Columbia. At least one of their number, a
Renegade Oracle, sometimes acts as a counselor for a local
psychic hotline, specializing in uncannily accurate predictions
of the future.

The Tricksters don't limit themselves to contact with
mortals. They actively seek out the company of vampires,
werewolves, mages and changelings whenever possible. Over
the century and a half since their inception during the psy-
chic revival of the 19th century, the Tricksters have gained
some expertise in the various divisions among supernaturals.
Zeela Shire, public relations liaison for the gang, turns a tidy
profit from selling the gang's information about supernaturals
(some of which is even accurate) to other wraiths.

Horld Wide Wraiths

Comprised of Renegades skilled in Inhabit, these wraiths
have no formal group organization, existing entirely within
the silicon jungle of cyberspace. Members of the World Wide
Wraiths belong to various Renegade gangs in addition to the
3Ws; they make use of the Electron Highway and various com-
munication networks in order to hold meetings and plan strat-

hee

verbal duels involving members of both groups.

Known to one another solely by their online handles,
the World Wide Wraiths preserve their anonymity while main-
taining high levels of security. Although some Renegades point
out that it is theoretically possible for a wraith to be a mem-
ber of both the Online Legion and the World Wide Wraiths,
the security measures taken by both groups make this highly
unlikely.

London Fogsuckers

Claiming the status of the oldest Renegade group oper-
ating within a Necropolis, the Pols who make up the Lon-
don Fogsuckers (formerly known as the London Opposi-
tion) pride themselves on their adaptability and longevity.
Formed just after the founding of the London Necropolis,
Stygia's first permanent settlement in the Shadowlands, this
cell of Renegades seeks to take control of London from its
Anacreons. The Fogsuckers have succeeded in forming a
standing Renegade War Council comprised of several Lon-

don-based Renegade cells, but it's clear who's in charge of

the operation. From their headquarters somewhere in the

SoHo district, the London Fogsuckers orchestrate raids on
the Legions' arms caches with a regularity disturbing to

the Anacreons.

Despite their successes, the Fogsuckers have also garnered
the enmity of a group of Irish Renegades based in Northern

Ireland. While they attempt to ignore the allegations of trea-
son made by the Armagh Irregulars, some Renegades ques-
tion the uncanny accuracy of the Fogsuckers' intelligence gath-
ering. These critics charge that the Fogsuckers have a tacit
understanding with the Hierarchy in the London Necropolis
which allows a certain amount of carefully monitored Ren-
egade activity in exchange for assistance in preserving the
status quo. Some Renegades who believe these charges of col-
laboration have suggested that the original name of the Lon-
don Fogsuckers was actually the London Loyal Opposition.

Armagh Irregulars

Based in Ulster's County Armagh, the Irish Pols who call
themselves the Armagh Irregulars operate one of the deadli-
est campaigns of terror and sabotage in the Underworld. Born
from the Troubles of the 1970s, the members of this Ren-
egade cell are either former members of the IRA or else casu-
alties of sectarian violence. Determined not just to overthrow
but to eliminate the Hierarchy in Armagh entirely, the Ir-
regulars specialize in a two-pronged assault on the enemy.

Chapter Two: Under the Gun 59

egies. Formed to combat the use of computer networks by the
Hierarchy's Online Legion, the World Wide Wraiths assault
their enemies though viral insertions, rerouting of vital
communiqués and the capture of sensitive data. Flame wars
between members of the 3Ws and the Online Legion spice
up newsgroups across UseNET while chat rooms often host |

SStthe,,

nal'

rp SF seh pose:
me

.

ft
Pome S

ae,


termination forms one part of this cell's master plan, while
the second half of its strategy involves the systematic destruc-
tion of enemy Fetters. To accomplish this, the Irregulars make
use of Puppetry, forcing the Quick they possess to murder rela-
tives of Hierarchy wraiths. Some Irregulars, skilled in Lifeweb,
oversee the severing of their enemies' connections with in-
animate Fetters. So far, the Irregulars have succeeded in forc-
ing more than two dozen Hierarchy Administrators out of
the Shadowlands due to lack of Fetters. They have sent nearly
as many Centurions and Marshals to Oblivion.

Although many Renegades decry the ruthless tactics of
the Irregulars, no one can question their effectiveness. Their
chief drawback stems from their universal anti-British bias,
which prevents them from maintaining cordial relations with
Renegade groups with British members.

The Armagh Irregulars operate under a tight military
structure. Security is strict, and any hint of treason or col-
laboration by any of its members meets with immediate and
vicious reprisals which don't stop at the Shroud.

Working Together.

Lack of cooperation among various Renegade groups pre-
vents the faction from posing a serious sustained threat to the
Hierarchy. In the centuries since the great raid on the Onyx
Tower, no massive pan-gang uprising has taken place. Some
observers of Renegade activity have noted that there were
considerably fewer Renegades 500 years ago, thus making
large-scale cooperation easier; others rationalize the lack of
large-scale activity by saying that smaller actions are more
effective.

The truth of the matter is that, while instances of Ren-
egade alliances are few and far between, they do occur — but
the Underworld has expanded beyond the borders of Stygia.
The occupation and settlement of the Shadowlands in both
Europe and the Americas have resulted in the dispersion of
Renegade groups, thus making it difficult to organize upris-
ings on anything other than a local scale. In addition, the
advent of modern technology — and its bleed- over into the
Underworld — has put new weapons into the hands of the
Hierarchy. Counter-terrorist measures that take advantage of
speedy communication and transportation have hampered
Renegade efforts to organize themselves without interference.

Nevertheless, Renegade groups do manage to get together
just often enough to cause problems for the Hierarchy. In the
last 20 years, several Necropoli have fallen into Renegade
hands, including such hotbeds of Skinlands activism as Ber-
keley, California and Cambridge, Massachusetts. In Europe,
massive political upheavals in the former Soviet Union and
Eastern Europe have sparked Renegade activities in formerly

60 Renegades

meee itt

‘ ~ ; ao, ,
Bi NE LEE I TTTTI EE
tel = 3 a a: OF eo 7 .

=,

staunch Hierarchy territories. Even in major Necropoli, Ren-
egades frequently control entire sections of a city, usually in
areas where economic depression or racial tension have cre-
ated a ready-made environment for seizing control from the
Anacreons and their patrols.

Various factors contribute to instances of cooperation
among Renegades. In addition to political actions such as at-
tempted coups or mass uprisings, Renegades also band together
in times of dire need. Hierarchy sweeps through Necropoli
result in Renegades from all factions working together to pro-
tect each other and avoid discovery. In addition, most Ren-
egades within a given Necropolis put aside their differences
in order to rescue other Renegades from captivity.

On an even smaller scale, Renegade gangs in proximity
to one another sometimes assist each other across faction lines
on a situational basis. Outlaw bands supply other Renegades
with stolen relics or weapons, while AWOL Skinriders carry
messages to the Skinlands for Renegades from other groups.
Protesters occasionally use their expertise in small-unit tac-
tics to liberate captured Renegades who belong to other fac-
tions. Dealers' recruitment efforts often bring wraiths, even
those whose temperaments and desires are more appropriate
for other factions, into the Renegade fold. These wraiths are
often delivered to suitable gangs free of charge or in exchange
for "future considerations."

Treason: The Bane of Revolution

Every group whose existence depends on secrecy
fears the presence of traitors in its midst. Some of the
most notorious figures in history have been traitors —
not murderers or thieves or even master spies — but
individuals who have sold out their cause for any num-
ber of reasons. American history vilifies Benedict
Arnold's treason; the Old Testament recounts Delilah's
betrayal of Samson. The collaboration of Norway's V.
Quisling during the Second World War coined a new
word for traitor.

In the Shadowlands, traitors represent a constant
danger for Renegades. Since most wraiths begin as mem-

bers of a Legion, it is often hard to tell when a defector

from a Legion is sincere and when he is simply a plant.

Many Renegades refuse to accept wraiths who desert
the Legions, reasoning that anvene who can betray his
comrades once can do so again.

Paid informers make up another level of betrayal.
These wraiths don't "join" the other side; they take
payment from the other side in return for leaking in-
formation. It's a toss-up as to whether informers are
worse than traitors, but most Renegades agree that a
short, swift trip to Oblivion is the only answer for ei
ther kind of wraith.

vvv

Ren
Und
purp
othe
part:
time
the ;
an a:
atta
borii

Ren
oftel
in lit
freq
ter ¢
anot
agall
amo
facti
long
mity
of C
AW!

Shai

wral
supt
rank
Sinc
trati
ods

cour

addi

crea

com
port
opp
tive
fron
whe

Shai

and

hav

nally in
ve cre-
om the

Pration
as at-
bgether
ropoli
to pro-
st Ren-
Prences

bximity
bn lines
egades
S$ Carry
groups.
it tac-
er fac-
s, even
opriate
ths are
hange

Treey
f the
rs —
- but
yum-
edict
ilalhy's
oN.

new

stant
nem-
ector
ant.
lesert

iw his

"aval.
take
ww Ine
‘Soare
hata

or Ch

and Apart

Unfortunately, dissension and backstabbing among
Renegades undermine many attempts to unite the
Underworld's dissident population. Renegades work at cross
purposes almost as often as they cooperate with one an-
other. Poor overall communication among Renegade gangs,
particularly across faction lines, result in snafus of some-
tines monumental proportions. One such example involves
the abortion of a Santa Cruz Pol group's precision raid on
an arsenal controlled by the Grim Legion due to a surprise
attack on the same site — one day earlier — by a neigh-
boring Outlaw band.

Other factors contribute to active hostilities among
Renegades. Sectarian and ethnic hatred in the Skinlands
often passes through the Shroud unchanged. Wraiths who,
in life, learned to hate members of another race or religion
frequently find it difficult to overcome their prejudices af-
ter death. Gangs sometimes refuse to cooperate with one
another because a member of one gang bears a grudge
against a member of the other gang. Stereotyping occurs
among Renegades with alarming frequency, leading one
faction to make assumptions about another, prohibiting
long-term alliances and sometimes resulting in mutual en-
mity between groups. Pols tend to distrust the motivations
of Outlaws, for example, while Dealers often consider
AWOLs frivolous and unfocused.

Shadow Games

Renegades struggle with their Shadows just as other
wraiths do. In many cases, a Renegade's Shadow actively
supports actions which cause dissension within the gang's
tanks, growing stronger through the promotion of discord.
Since most Renegades lack consistent access to the minis-
trations of Pardoners, many rebel wraiths go for long peri-
ods of time without the benefit of Castigation. This, of
course, makes the Renegades' Shadows more powerful. In
addition, the overall stress of existing outside the law in-
creases the Angst prevalent in Renegades' daily existence.
With such a steady source of nourishment at hand, it be-
comes easier for Renegades' Shadows to run amok at inop-
portune moments, such as during negotiations between
opposing gangs. Countless instances of botched raids, abor-
tive infiltration attempts and failed alliances have resulted
from direct interference by Renegades' Shadows. Even
when they don't actively cause trouble for Renegade gangs,
Shadows enjoy spreading rumors that sow seeds of distrust
and suspicion among Renegade factions.

Dealing with individual Renegades whose Shadows
have betrayed comrades or undermined months of careful

!

|

iil

\une |
\W

an

N

"eel FT

Sead


planning proves problematic. Some Renegade gangs make
allowances for members who fall prey to their Shadows,
reasoning that the Psyche cannot be responsible for the
actions committed in the throes of Catharsis. Other gangs
are not so understanding, dealing harsh punishments to
members weak enough to succumb at critical moments.
Rumors circulate that many Shadow-ridden Renegades
end up as soulsteel on the forges of Renegade Artificers.

The Renegade Council

A persistent legend among Renegades holds that some-
where in the Shadowlands there exists a council which or-
chestrates Renegade activity throughout the Underworld.
The Hierarchy spends a good portion of its time tracking
down rumors of the existence of this governing body of dis-
sension. So far, all their efforts have come to naught.

Some Renegades believe that the Renegade Council
avoids discovery because of its extreme precautions and tight
security. Other, more cynical rebels declare that the Ren-
egade Council will never be busted because it doesn't exist.

Both groups are correct. Over the centuries, councils
made up of important Renegades from various factions have
attempted to join together to coordinate the masses of wraiths
who disapprove of the Hierarchy. The first official Renegade
Council coordinated the raid on the Onyx Tower in the
1500s, doing so from its headquarters on Freedom Isle. That
Council disbanded after it lost many of its members in the
Third Great Maelstrom. Since that time, many incarnations
of the Renegade Council have come together, meeting on
Freedom Isle or else in safe Haunts scattered in isolated pock-
ets throughout the Shadowlands. Comprised of leaders who
come primarily from the Pols and the Dealers, these super-
stars of the revolution attempt to dictate policy and make
some sense of the fragmented groups who make up the Ren-
egade population of the Underworld. In general, the Ren-
egade Council ignores the activities of Outlaws and AWOLs,
deeming them not "serious" enough to make any lasting con-
tributions to the Council's goal of overturning the govern-
ment of the Deathlords.

Most of the orders that filter down to the cells of politi-
cally minded wraiths come from the Renegade Council.
There are also other "councils" of revolutionary wraiths who
claim the title "Renegade Council" and who devise strate-
gies for cells or blocs under their control. This serves to con-
fuse both the Hierarchy and the Renegade population, since
no one is really sure which Renegade Council is which. Some
wraiths believe that the situation is exactly what the real
Renegade Council intends.

| Nee)

i) 7

t

\

os 117 a ie


rcils
ave
iths
ade

the

Council of Cerberus

Far more sinister are the rumors of a Renegade
Inquisition, whose members conduct periodic \
purges of revolutionary cells and Idealist blocs \ &
to flush out traitors and Hierarchy plants. No \
one really knows whether this "star cham- \
ber" of Renegade secret police really ex-
ists, or whether it is just an elaborate ~
phantasm formed from the fears of the
Renegades. Outlaws and AWOLs, in
particular, claim that the Council of
Cerberus exists to persecute them for
their lack of revolutionary zeal. Many
disappearances of Renegade wraiths
have been laid at the Council's door-
step, along with rumors of a secret
base of operations called Free Hades,
complete with prison and interroga-
tion facilities and located some-
where deep within the Tempest.

No one has successfully con-
firmed the existence of the Coun-
cil of Cerberus, but then, most
wraiths who go looking for it get
lost in the Tempest. And that is all
the proof many Renegades need.



CO) EE,
Lah Se:

¢
e

QS

Lg en

SO} ee ee

tie,

eee
"fick TR, fret

espite their position on the outside of Hierarchy society, Renegades interact with almost
all of the Underworld's populations. As in most things, Renegades do not hold to one Big
party line (with one glaring exception) with regard to any single group. Opinions about ;
the Hierarchy, the Guilds, Spectres and other elements of the Underworld differ among |
gangs. No one expects agreement from a faction of wraiths founded on the principles of
disagreement and dissension.

a


The Hierarc

Charon had the opportunity to build a paradise in the Under-
world. Instead, he took the worst aspects of thousands of years of
Skinlands government and created a patchwork monstrosity of vi-
cious cruelty and unmitigated repression. He called this "thing"
the Hierarchy.

— Mikel Arounakis, Torchbearers

If the Hierarchy didn't exist, we sure as hell wouldn't invent it.

— Belle Barton, Dallas Desperadoes

So, which Hierarchy are we talking about — the one in Stygia,
or the one in the Shadowlands? They're different, you know. The
higher-ups in Stygia play their elaborate political games and call it dic-
tating policy, emphasis on "dictating." They don't see how what they
do affects anybody, and they don't care, anyway. The Stygian Hierar-
chy is just cold.

The Shadowlands' version of the Hierarchy — well, people have
to deal with the orders that come down from the Deathlords, whether
they like those orders or not. The Anacreons know what they're doing
and do it anyway, cause they have to.

Come to think of it, there's not much difference between the two.
They both need to go.

— Hector D., Indy Raiders

Deathlords suck.

— Pancho

Some of the Legionnaires are decent. I met this one Centurion by
accident. I nearly collided with him when I popped back through the
Shroud after a Skinride to the Collective Soul concert last week. He
just gave me this funny look and asked if I got hurt. I said I was fine,
so he told me to go on about my business and to look before I leaped.
Just before I split, he kinda winked at me and said, "How was the
show?" Then he walked away without waiting for an answer.

That was really cool. I mean, he could've busted me right there,
but he didn't. Maybe he was new or something. Maybe he hadn't had
time to become an asshole.

— JoEllen, Camden Crazies

Hell, some of my best customers are Legionnaires. You spend
enough time sluggin' it out with Spectres, you lose a few Fetters. When
the Fetter-count gets down far enough, that's when my business starts
pickin' up. Centurions, Legates, Private Joe Wraith, they all come to
me when they're one Fetter shy of Oblivion. They don't ask where I
get my goodies, and I don't tell them. I just rake in the oboli and give
them what they want.

They don't bust me ‘cause they need me, just like you will some
day.

— Zane, Dillard Gang

Although it is tempting to deal with those who serve the Hierar-
chy, we must resist this enticement. Once we take anything from their
corrupt hands or trade them materiel they need, once we take that fatal

Renegades

step, we have already fallen prey to their monolithic system. We be-
come little more than another cog — albeit an eccentric one — tn their
machine. Once they know what we need and what we'll do to get it,
what compromises we are prepared to make, we become their pet rebels,
inconvenient, but ultimately controllable. If we get in bed with the
Hierarchy for any reason whatsoever, we're the ones who'll end up rav
getting fucked. Shun them at all costs! the
— Whacker, who now knows better He:
Don't kid yourselves, boys and girls. We not only get in bed with don
the Hierarchy all the time, we smooth out the sheets and give thema The
goodnight kiss. Where the hell do you think half our equipment comes whe
from, some nebulous Renegade forge somewhere out there in the Tem-
pest? Shit, no. It comes from Legionnaires who sell it to us under the
table. Didn't they ever teach you about profiteering arms dealers in the atte
Skinlands? We don't stop doing business just because we're on differ- acti
ent sides. Grow up. of 1
— Marauder, Paris Connection ing 1
The Hierarchy is not healthy for Renegades and other unliving havi
things. Yeah, so it's a lame parody. Bite me!
— Grazier, Sideshow Freaks
If the Deathlords all wear masks and may not be the same wraiths Trar
who originally held the seats of power, why aren't we working toward of fr
replacing one or more of them with our own people? as |'
— Nobody, Discorporated Legion (yes, it's a joke) owe
' elp
Who says we havent { chan
— The Baron, Undertakers Atte
H ler
You just don't get it, do you? We need the Hierarchy. We need —
their oppression, the fear they engender, their unfair practices, ther
smug assumption that they are right. To effect a true revolution there scene
must exist something monumentally evil to rebel against — a system Circl
so corrupt that its own poisons inevitably bring it down. Its excesses how t
are our best argument for recruitment, its cruelties the clearest indica- Rene,
tion of why we need the revolution. Without such a foe, we would be hold
pitiful worms struggling against little more than our own Shadows, Herei
engaged in a vain exercise to elevate ourselves to power. Be thankful -
for the Hierarchy. It embodies everything we need to utterly reject. }
If that truth is too bitter for you to swallow, consider the opposite: : -
The Hierarchy needs us as much as we need them. Without the threat I
we pose to them and the opportunity this allows them to paint us.as | Shore
insane and dangerous, they would have little control over their popu _
lace and little justification for their militarism. Why do we not disap- tion
pear and so expose their lies, then? Because they would find another k
excuse — not as convenient, but still minimally plausible — and we have :
would have surrendered the gains we have made for a hollow victor. Nirva
— The Renegade Lord touch.
about
the Pu
I couk
. party 4
i


th the
nd up

d with

em a
comes
> Tem-
Her the
sin the
differ-

living

aiths

oward

S

e need
s, their
m there

system
PxCESSES

indica-
ould be
QQOWS ,
ankful
eject.
pposite :
e threat
t us as
iy popu-
bt disap-
another
and we

VICtOry.

iat

AL hod

Heretics

These guys are loonies — certified, bona fide, crucified stark
raving crazies! I don't know what their story is, but they give me
the creeps. If you want my advice, stay as far away from known
Heretics as possible. Don't look 'em in the eye, don't talk to them,
don't take anything they offer you — even if it seems harmless.
They're like a disease; come too close to them and you'll catch
whatever they've got. Then where will you be?

— Allyn du Lac, Montreal Special Action Group

The only purpose Heretics serve is to deflect the Hierarchy's
attention away from us. We like to plan our raids and military
actions for times when the Heretics come to town. Nine times out
of 10, the Legions flock to the site of the cultists' gatherings, leav-
ing us more or less free to do our business. That, in itself, makes
having Heretics around worthwhile.

— Livia, Justice Warriors

They hate the Hierarchy for denying them their dreams of
Transcendence. We hate the Hierarchy for destroying our visions
of freedom. There's a certain congruence of thought here. As far
as I'm concerned, I don't have to believe in a Heretic's cause in
order to accept her help against the enemy. And the Heretics do
help us often enough for me to feel that they, like we, deserve a
chance.

Don't be so quick to condemn what you don't understand.
After all, the Deathlords condemned us. If the Heretics are on the
Hierarchy's shit list, that's good enough for me.

— Justin Blake, Chicago Constitutionalists

If the Heretics weren't so hung up on their own views of Tran-
scendence, they'd make awesome revolutionaries. Most Heretic
Circles I've come across have incredible self-discipline. They know

how to subordinate their individuality to a greater goal, unlike some
Renegades I know, who put the liberation of the Underworld on
hold while they indulge themselves. We could learn a lot from the
Heretics.

— Guillermo Diaz, Barcelona Commune

Kill 'em all; let Oblivion sort 'em out.

— Pancho

If Charon had stopped shipping all the Heretics off to the Far
Shores, he would've had my vote. Don't quote me.

— Morgan Creel, Detroit Chapter, Sons of the Revolu-
tion

Heretics are fun! Don't knock these guys. Sure, some of them
have some really fruity ideas about achieving Transcendence or
Nirvana or some other cosmic goal, but a lot of them are more in
touch with the Skinlands than most wraiths I know. I learned more
about Skinriding from my Heretic friend Tessa than from any of

the Puppeteers who supposedly hold the patent on it. I don't think
I could live like one of the cultists all the time, but I sure like to
party with them.

— Shawn McLandon, Midland Village Skinriders

ms % - -,
vw NS as wee 8 ey. ~

Heretic rule is just another word for oppressive autocracy.
No way is it really a theocracy, man. These cats aren't religious;
they're just out to grab everything they can for the top bosses and
screw the little guys. If you find that hard to believe, just ask your-
self what happens to all those sleazy televangelists when they get
here? Hell, they just set up shop and keep right on shoveling the
same horseshit they've been preaching for years. I, for one, don't
trust any of them, and I think we Renegades ought to avoid them
like the plague. Guilt by association, you know? If we hang with
these guys we're either giving the okay to a bunch of pansy-ass
followers too afraid to say "boo" to their leaders, or advocating the |
kind of leaders who feed on the fears and weaknesses of their own ;,.
followers. Who needs either one?

— Jude, former Unitarian minister

The Guilds

They're sort of like labor unions. They did a hell of a lot of good
for the common working-class wraith — once upon a time. In the old ‘\'
days, when the only classes of souls in the Underworld were important}. ;
wraiths and Thralls, the Guilds made plying a trade respectable. They 1!"
carved out room for the middle class in Stygia. fs

Then they got cocky and thought they were the whole show, just
like the unions in the Skinlands. They lost a lot of supporters that way.
If they'd wanted just to bring down the system instead of putting them-
selves in power, they might have gained more support from the masses.

Now, they either serve the Hierarchy or they don't exist. Or else,
they turn Renegade and join up with souls like us. Die and learn....

— Vinnie the Stalker, League of Family Values

Some Guilds are better than others. The Artificers scare the shit
out of me. Every time I see one of those big-armed hammerboys, I
head in the other direction. I know they don't just grab you off the
street and turn you into yard art without permission from their Hierar-
chy masters, but still...

— Avery Caulkins, South Forest People's Army

I can't think of a better asset for our gang than a sympathetic
Artificer. We can't always rely on stealing weapons and other useful \
items from the Legions. So long as you don't push the wrong buttons, ‘+
these Guildwraiths can be good company. Besides, you never know
when you might find ‘your existence dependent on the goodwill of a
soulforger.

— Fernando G., José Marti Freedom Battalion

Everybody needs the Pardoners. You won't find many wraiths
badmouthing the Castigators; they don't dare. We have a Pardoner in
our gang. So far, she seems righteous — not the Hierarchy stoolie
some of us thought she might be. She claims she's bound by oaths not to
rat on anything we tell her. That had better be true, cause she probably
knows more about our dirty laundry than we do.

— Tamarlane, Mob of Seven

os
-.
=
Fe
ms
Lan
*
.

.

As far as I'm concerned, Harbingers and Masquers are essential
there would be no Revolution. These wraiths rock! Even when some Guilds to what we're trying to do. Without the experts in Argos and Moliate, whole f
had the blessings of the big C, the stuffs who brought you Outrage and we don't stand a chance against the Legions. We need to be able to Guilds
Puppetry and Pandemonium were at the top of the Hierarchy's blacklist. 1 navigate the Tempest quickly and efficiently, and it doesn't hurt to be help ma
like to think of 'em as Renegade Guilds, cause their existence mocks the _ able to disguise yourself or turn your arms into, well, arms when you've; side. W
Code of Death. The only problem I have with any of them is that they think —_ lost your only weapon in a Hierarchy contraband sweep. Unfor _
they're better than the rest of us who don't have membership cards. tunately, these two Guilds are a hot commodity among the Le | TI
— Juno, Anarchists of Boise gions as well. We need to step up our efforts at recruiting these work u
The Guilds have got us by the throat and over a barrel. They control vital components of the revolution. Barring that, we should looka through
the tricks that allow you to survive in the afterlife, but they don'tlike to teach 4 few well-placed extractions. We can only learn so much through and let
thetr secrets tonon members. On top of that, the Hierarchy says the Guilds correspondence courses. Bad M
no longer exist, but "practitioners" of approved Arcanoi operate under the — Mallory Curzon, Milwaukee Center for the Spiritu- ters for
supervision of the Legions. So, to leam Argos and Castigate and Inhabit, ally Maladjusted M
you have to get in bed with the Legions or at least stick your hands down So, how come the Mnemoi take all the flak for betrayal and _
thetr pants. treason when the Usurers sold out their fellow Guilds during the Necro}
Personally, I don't think the Guilds lost a thing when they were dis- Uprising? Could it be that we don't condemn the Usurers because; Ti
banded. Instead, they gained a big foot in the Hierarchy door. we need their tricks and we don't need what the Mnemoi are sell. too. 1c
— Liam Bascomb, Raleigh Reavers ing? I guess doctors have always been special cases. Fate ag
The Sandmen keep death from being a total bore. Plus, they — Louie the Great, LA Riot Club to stacl
serve the revolution whether they mean to or not. Art and drama and P ersonally, I like the Chaunteurs. They and the Sandmen fill __
poetry and music all involve creativity and change — two of the _ the need for R@R after a heavy day undermining the Deathlord' TI
Hierarchy's greatest enemies. If dreams are a buffer against Oblivion, Empire. The Hierarchy also sees a use for the Underworld's musi-_, to-be C
then the Sandmen (Sandpeople? People of Alternate Sand-ness?) , not cal elite. Actually, Chanteurs make : to over
the Legions, are front line warviors for all of us. y Al incredibly successful double agents _
— Phaedra, Little Guerrilla Theater of Manhattan =" — solongas you can be sure which
aN side they're really on. P:
— Yevgeny Ivanovich, ; seer |

N Moscow Workers for the Dead
N

Sw AUS HY ft: . "MU .
Ce PINS

yn
i

eseawed i gaded ade

ats

Vtee

as

ug Ww ‘ . "rd
‘ VAN
y AW

.
sat

U
nga Ue

yh"

2 mn

ik
ar

h

\

68 Renegades

|

fi

NN, Sabre

Saw ORE = Sa SWAN

I

ma

ssential Proctors are definitely in our camp by their very natures. Their [ { G ‘ | (
oliate, whole focus is on affecting people on the other side. Like the other 0S Ul 5
able to Guilds that specialize in cross-Shroud activities, the Proctors can , ;

rt to be help make or break our cause. A lot of Proctors are already on our The Alchemists give me the creeps. They're the mad scien-

you've side. We need to make sure they stay there. tists of the dead. I don't even want to think about what a bunch of
Unfor- really powerful Flux masters could do. It boggles the mind — sort
n — Dolores Schultz, Banshees in Boston like trvi hink ab ks and black holes and Is. ]
the Le- The d Monitors and bad Monitors. Good Monitors of like trying to think about quarks a oles and fractals.
g these Fe are 8008 NIONNOTS G omitors. \x000 MlOnILOTS can see how a few of these wraiths might be useful in supplying us

work with us to pinpoint when potential recruits are liable to pass

look at with Fetters; they could be a real boon to those of us who believe
through through the Shroud. They also help us keep track of our Fetters that if every Thrall had a few Fetters, there would be no more need
and let us know when Hierarchy snoops get too close for comfort. to chain them up for their own good. Now, if I could just find an
7 Bad Monitors serve as Reapers for the Legions and target our Fet- Alchemist.
ppiritu- ters for destruction by Skinriding Hierarchy coverts. -

— Marianne La Liberté, Freedom Fighters of Biloxi

yal and Make certain you Know which side your ee S ae Solicitor is another word for lawyer, right? It figures. This
ring the N a un Pan Sally, Bronx Chapter of the United Free Guild of emotional panderers and manipulators weaseled their way
ecropoli

right out of favor a long time ago. I guess if you're willing to pay
their price — not just the material one but the emotional one as

: well — you deserve everything you get. Someone told me she
Fate against me if she wants to. Now, if we could get the Oracles thought Solicitors could be one hell of a weapon against the Hierar-

Imen fill to stack the deck im favor of the Revolution... chy. With their ability to tweak emotions and insert suggestions in
hlords' — Hopeful in St. Louis people's minds, they could win the revolution hands down, almost

pinor There are way too many Guilds, wannabe Guilds and used- without help from anyone else.

to-be Guilds. No wonder these dudes couldn't agree long enough But would you really want to exist in a brave new world run

to overthrow the Empire! Sheesh! by lawyers?

— Sonia, Freelance Contraband Vendors Local 247

Pet calling tne kettle black, Sette. HaVe you

ovich, seef how maky Refegade gakgs {here are, sister?
e Dead

because
are sell-

The Hierarchy treats the Oracles with kid gloves. We should,
too. I don't fancy pissing off someone who can tip the balance of

's musi-
rs make
ep agents
e which

tp atee
(Ct? , \ {-

-_
— —_
' TVS
i!
foe 4
AO we. Ma Cd

<
Daas fe
"4,
ta Aan


— Grissom Hardy, Machiavelli's Children
A quick one (just couldn't resist). What do you call all the
Solicitors tied up at the bottom of the Sunless Sea? A good start!

— Heeshe, Punchlines Anonymous

The Mnemoi are traitors, pure and simple. The only time I'd
ever be caught helping out the Legions would be to assist in exter-
minating these vipers and mind-poisoners. The Hierarchy claims
it has already wiped the Mnemoi from the face of the Underworld,
but I know a few of them still exist — maybe even within the
Legions. It is a certainty they're hanging out in the Shadowlands.
When the Revolution comes, getting rid of the Mnemoi once and
for all should be the first priority of the new order.

— Lady Jane, Sisters of the New Revolution

The only thing worse than a Mnemos is a Spectre who used to
be a Mnemos. Now that's a cheery thought!

— Ahab, Liverpool Bombers

The Mnemoi and the Pardoners used to be tight. I've heard
that some Mnemoi have taken sanctuary within the Pardoners'
Guild. Think about that, boys and girls, the next time you go for
your weekly therapy under the iron lantern.

— St. John Blackfield, Veterans of the Shroud

If everyone is so frightened of the Mnemoi, shouldn't we be
recruiting them?
— Echo

Who sa
~The fe Me Revert?

The Femrymen

If only the Ferrymen would join us, we'd be unbeatable.

— Willem van der Sauk, Amsterdam Consortium

Has anyone heard anything bad about the Ferrymen? They're
almost too good to be true. I'd suspect them on principle if I hadn't
met one myself. The only reason I'm still showing my Corpus
around this sorry place is because a Ferryman kept a slew of Spec-
tres from dragging me into a Nihil. He said it was "his job."

— Anna Riley, People's Concordat

The Ferrymen who turned their backs on Charon's Empire
were the first real Renegades. Trust me on this. Think of the cour-
age it took to defy the person who ranked as the greatest of the
Boatmen. Every now and then, I hear rumors of one of the inde-
pendent Ferrymen staying a while with a gang before wandering
off on his own mysterious mission. It's too bad they're not more
political. We could certainly profit from their expertise, wisdom
and badass powers.

— Mathias Bach, Berlin Bastards

Renegades

See?

Sometimes I think these guys are playing their own private
game and all of us — even Charon — are just the pieces on the
board. Wouldn't it be a hoot if they were pulling everybody's strings
all along?

— I. M. Leary, Cynics for a Peaceful Revolution

The revolution has no place for self-styled hermits and non-
participators. Although the Ferrymen are admirable for their strict
adherence to their code and their adamant avowals of neutrality,
the time will soon come when they will have to choose sides. It
would be unfortunate if they chose to surrender to the pressure of
the Hierarchy; from what I know of them, to do so would amount
to a betrayal of everything they have stood for throughout the cen-
turies. I like to think that the Ferrymen will decide to lead the
assault on Stygia on the day of the great uprising to come.

— Jacob Glass, Voices of Victory

What if the Ferrymen are on our side? What if they are the
true leaders of the Renegades? What better way to hide the Ren-
egade Council than to have the members be Ferrymen and thus
above suspicion? Cool, huh? If they aren't already on our side,
though, I sure wouldn't mind being assigned to recruit them.

— Lissa the Snake, Serpents of Eve

Who says we havent recrutred them akeady/
— The Baron, Undertakers

Do You eVeF sey anything else?
— Whizkid

The Risen

These determined and driven souls are our agents provoca-
teur in the Skinlands. The liberation of the Underworld must come,
when it comes, from freedom fighters acting on both sides of the
Shroud. The Risen will lead the charge from the other side.

— Ygraine de Troyes, Puppeteers for the Revolution

Yeraine, is this something you know or something the Puppe-
teers are willing to help us achieve?

— Marionette's Strings, inquiring from the shadows

The concept of allowing certain wraiths to reclaim their bod-

ies and re-enter the Skinlands works against us in the long run. To

bring down the tyranny of the Deathlords requires just the sort of

focused, single-minded anger and will to prevail evidenced by the
Risen. What a shame it is to waste this zeal in ripping through the
Shroud to deal with piddling personal issues, when it would be
better put to use tearing through the defenses of some Anacreon'
Citadel or the walls of Stygia itself! Every time I hear of the ex
ploits of one of the Risen, I mourn our loss. Each Risen is one
fewer freedom fighter.
— Jonathan Argent, Shadowlands Defense Coalition

Jorit

trash
think

ing a

the u
the ir
we d
with

Hier
Hau
we e.
not oO
the L

purst

preve
"safe.
pickir
don't
with |
that +
about
Legio
stuff |

¢

few }
naires
us rel

hates

Socia

(
haven

gone?

6

and tl
shit al
tres a

the

ings

non-
strict
ality,
bs. It
re of
ount
P cen-
d the

re the
Ren-
thus
side,

sady(

brOVOCA-
t come,

bs of the

e.

tion

bp Puppe-

hOWS
heir bod-
prun. To
e sort of
ed by the
ough the
would be
macreon's
of the ex-
sen is one

alition

Ny

gs cms . — F ae Mea ONS. 4 "ha . j ef

oO

Right now the Puppeteers pull the strings of the vast ma-
jority of Risen. That means that we non-Puppeteers don't. Too
bad. If we did, we could use those guys to destroy the Haunts and
trash the Fetters of important members of the Hierarchy. I can
think of at least a dozen ways in which we could profit from hav-
ing a few bona fide flesh-puppies "over there."

— Naomi White, Common Workers of Cincinnati

Each one of the Risen, by her very action of re-entering
the world of the living, puts the lie to the Hierarchy's myth of
the impenetrability of the Shroud. The Risen prove to us that
we don't have to leave the world behind. If we can't take it
with us, we can at least go back there and try to get it.
— Jasper Shanks, Skinriders for the Future

pectres

We hate Spectres as much as, if not more than, the
Hierarchy does. After all, a lot of us have had to carve out
Haunts for ourselves from pieces of the Tempest. That means
we exist next door to Spectreland. These ugly sons-of-bitches
not only bring the property values way down, they also give
the Legions a reason for tramping through our backyards in
pursuit.

— Tanya, Phantoms of the Tempest

Spectres are bogeymen used by the Hierarchy to
prevent more wraiths from straying too far from the
"safety" of the Necropoli. This makes the stragglers easy
pickings for the forge-fillers. I'm not saying that Spectres
don't exist. I'm just suggesting that the Legions fill our heads
with fear of running into Spectres when it's much more likely
that we'll run into patrols of soul-sweepers instead. I say, forget
about the Spectres. They happen, just like death and tithes. The
Legions, on the other hand, don't rise up spontaneously out of the
stuff of Oblivion. We can and should do something about them.

— Spooky Malone, South Boston Stranglers -

So...why don't we cut a deal with the Spectres, give 'em a
few Necropoli to call their own, feed them as many Legion-
naires as we can throw at them and get them to agree to leave
us rebels and malcontents alone. After all, if the Hierarchy
hates them so much, they can't be all bad, can they?

— Bobbi Sommers, White Pines Committee for

Social Reform

Okay, Baron, it's your spot to say "Who says we
haven't?" Baron? Baron? Now where could that guy have
gone? He's with the Risen now? Yeeks.

— Whizkid

Spectres are dangerous. Spectres will eat your butt
and then suck up the rest of you. Spectres don't give a
shit about the revolution. They serve Oblivion. Spec-
tres are worse than the Hierarchy. I'd rather be

\4

ee

0)
NI

AWANNAN


eS f f; Lh = TAM

an Anacreon's spittoon than become a Spectre. Is that clear These guys are so full of self-mortification and remorse mac
enough for you Oblivion goobs? about their state of being that they even call themselves "the the |

— Gideon Clark, Tri-City Rebels Damned." They make great sources of Pathos if you can stand

I got no use for those Oblivion-heads. If a Spectre doesn't the weeping and wailing and gnashing of fangs.
have anything to buy, sell or trade, I'm not interested in stick- — Mercutio, Will's Gang but
ing around long enough to give him the time of night. As far as Wh
I'm concerned, all Spectres are good for are relieving other Werewolves . said
wraiths of their Fetters and drumming up business for me. Which me
they do. Watch out for them. Some werewolves know their way lea

around the Shadowlands, and you don't want to make them
angry if you run across them. If you pick a fight with a werewolf
— on either side of the Shroud — you deserve everything you

her Supematurals " ‘
Up — Alexander Crichton, Knoxville Volunteers noc:

— Yancey, Orlando Free Merchants' Association

My Gang met a werewolf who called herself a Silent Strider. rr
The Dictum Mortuum forbids contact or interaction She seemed at home in our neck of the Shadowlands, except she ine
with the Skinlands. By implication, this ban applies to traf- kept calling it the "Dark Umbrella" for some reason. I asked fon
fic with other supernaturals as well. her if she had any friends or family over here and she got visibly and
Naturally, forbidding a Renegade to do anything is like upset — I mean she scared the not-so-living daylights out of
waving a red flag in front of a charging bull. Many Ren- me. I changed the subject. I wonder if they're all that touchy.
egades actively seek out vampires, werewolves and other — Theo Madison, Asskickers Central of 7
magically active creatures in direct defiance of the Code Never never never try to Skinride a werewolf! ,
of the Dead. What a surprise. __ A Survivor of ti
‘ Werewolves believe in spirits. That makes them prime tar- can
Vampires gets for visitations from beyond the Shroud. You have to learn craf
I had an encounter with a vampire who came from a fam- the Jargon, though, (0 make them fall for you. If they ask if us i
ily of undead called the Giovanni. He was a real smooth talker 0% TE 4 totem spirit, say Yes. Then they'll do whatever you ral «
and after a few minutes of persuasion on his part, he made me tell 'em to. Trust me on this. be t
an offer — never mind. Anyhow, the good news is that now | — Jessie D., Denver Deviants agai
have a few of these Giovanni working on the other side snuffing The werewolves I've met all talk about some great mon-
out the Fetters of some pesky Centurions. The bad news is that ster they call the Wyrm. I sounded to me like they were talking
I have to serve asa gofer for Don Whoever He Is for the next about some kind of Malfean. When I told them about Oblivion, Che
few centuries. The things I do for the cause...oops, gotta go! and suggested that we might have something in common, they
— Manny Vitelli, North End Crusaders insisted that the Wyrm was different. I didn't want to argue
The bloodsuckers have their own oppressive Hierarchy, and they're probably right. B ul then I started thinking ~— maybe Age
from what I've heard. There are also these vampire freedom ‘© could help them fight this Wyrm thing in return for thei uSet
fighters and anarchists who call themselves the Sabbat or some- help against Spectres. Who knows? It could work. Ski
such. Anyway, I'm thinkin' that we could join forces and fig- — Shaia Roberts, Sioux Falls Sentinels ; .

ure out a way to bring down all of our enemies. It's just a
thought. Mages the )

em
— Geraldine Barre, Philadelphia Couriers They're a sneaky lot. Some of 'em have magic that lets

. The D ictum Mor tuum, to my way of thinking, applies todeal- them enter the Shadowlands. Don't trust ‘em, whatever you
ings with the Quick. Vampires aren't members of the Quick any- do. A lot of mages are control freaks and the only way they can

' ' d d
more, so they're fair game as far as I'm concerned. Sure, they're think of to relate to a spirit — that's their lame-bo term for us
dangerous and quirky to deal with. Any asshole on this side of the __ is to capture and enslave it. I don't want to spend my after-

; . ar Sha
Shroud has heard the ine in I figure the Legions ee lots life as a magician's reference librarian and messenger boy. ing
of cautionary Stories a out the pert of consorting with vampires — Jerome Franklin, Freedom Police
to discourage us from seeking an alliance with them. can
| re knock i ILL invite him in? Some of the shaman-mages have these really cool ceremo-
Hell fa vampire knocks on my door, will | invite him in? aio. where they petition the ancestors in the spirit world for
ens Yes. guidance. I crashed one of their rituals once and had a great we
— Casey the Clown, Souls of Freedom time until they figured out that I wasn't an "ancestor." | barely hou
our
72 Renegades
oS ee aad Ny PE Ce ER RN 2.0
‘gat . ag cn a . j " OL ine ~ aa * " wees iain - v3) > QO g ‘Or 7 {


way
them
ewolf
g you

rider.
pt she
asked
isibly
put of
chy.

e tar-
» learn
ask if

er you

mon-
talking
livion,
, they
) argue
maybe
by their

hat lets
er ‘you
ney can

for us
y after-
oy.

eremo-
orld for
a great
I barely

A tg Als

wae
BMS

:
oe . "AY
74 2 Bs

made it back in one piece. It was just when they were getting to
the good part, too....

— Party Man, Kansas City Hellraisers

I tried to talk to a death mage once about joining forces,
but he kept trying to return my "spirit" to its place on "the
Wheel" (you could tell it was a big "W'" wheel from the way he
said the word). I finally realized he was getting ready to pitch
me headfirst into Oblivion, so I got the hell out of there. I'm
leaving those dudes strictly alone.

— Link Bartley, Motor City Minutemen

The mages have their own troubles. There's this group of
science mages who sound a lot like the Hierarchy. These Tech-
nocrats — as the mages call them — are trying to make the
Shroud even stronger than it is. I don't know if we can help out
the other mages, but I think that if we seriously support revolu-
tion and change in the Underworld, we owe it to our brothers
and sisters in the Skinlands to aid in their fight.

—Constanza Guzman, Panama Freedom Collective

Why parade your ignorance? I share my Haunt with a group
of mages who call themselves Orphans or Hollow Ones. We
get along just fine. I tell them about Underworld stuff and they
clue me in on the latest Skinlands happenings. I'm training one
of them as a Consort, which is kind of funny since she says I
can be her Consor. These mages are cool; they don't take any
crap from the powers that be and they're willing to work with
us if the time for the revolution ever comes. Cross-supernatu-
ral cooperation could be the key to our winning this war. Don't
be too quick to throw away allies because of your prejudices
against a few of them.

— Pardoners' Prey

Changeings

Faeries are not harmless pixies. Way back during the Dark
Ages, before the Shroud slammed down, all us supernaturals
used to traipse back and forth as we pleased between the
Skinlands and the spirit worlds. The common people feared the
fair folk as much as they feared the dead. Anytime you decide
to make contact with one of the remnants of the faeries —
they've changed over the centuries — keep that in mind. Leave
‘em to the experts like the Sandmen and the Haunters.

— Angus, Ann Arbor Sons of Liberty

Never never never try to Skinride a faerie!

— A Survivor

From time to time one of the noble faeries will enter the
Shadowlands searching for some mystical Byway called the Shin-
ing Road. Don't interrupt one of these creatures. The results
can be nasty. Trust me.

— Devlin Roark, Dublin Ramblers

Our presence disturbs the fae, almost as if they're afraid
we'll infect them with some fatal disease. Some of them,
however, seem attracted to what they call our "Dark Glam-
our" — and I don't think the term has anything to do with

rere

Th

celebrities. These guys talk about spreading chaos and dis-
cord and about overthrowing some antiquated form of faerie
government in the Skinlands. Personally, I think this is a
subject worth looking into.

— Thomas Quincy, Coalition for Social Change

Mummies

Talk about your true immortals! These guys are strange.
Some of ‘em are probably older than Charon. I've only seen

one (or part of one) just passing through the Shadowlands on |

his way to another go-round in the flesh. I don't know what
their story is, but I don't think it has anything to do with us.

— Lefty Lavalle, Dead Boys
Don't bother with them. They're too old and too wrapped

up (yeah, ha ha) in their own bizarre business to give us the '

time of day. Besides, they're probably in league with the
Deathlords. Ignore them and they'll go away — I hope.

— Matthew Tomlinson, Des Moines Tempestrunners

Mummies would make great Fetters! No, seriously, think
about it. They're nearly indestructible, powerful as shit and if
they do die, they just recycle themselves into a new body in a
couple of centuries. All you'd have to do it wait it out with
your lesser Fetters. The problem is, how do you get one? Oh
well, a girl can dream....

— Byway Bonnie, Sarasota Skinriders Anonymous

The Quick

While the Hierarchy has strict limitations on dealing with
the Quick (i.e., don't), Renegades play fast and loose with the
inhabitants of the Skinlands. Their insistence on maintain-
ing contact with living relations, friends — and sometimes
enemies — leads many otherwise "upstanding" wraiths to cross
the line into the Renegade camp. The attraction of the for-

bidden draws other wraiths into the glitter and excitement of &

congress with the living. For many Renegades, dealing with
the Quick provides rest and relaxation after a hard day's work
subverting the system. For others, it's a job.

Mediums

I love fucking with mediums. They ask for it, with all their
mumbo-jumbo and fakery. Sure, some of them can really see
us, but they don't need all the bells and whistles to "make con-
tact." All they need is for one of us to be around. Of course,
what they ask for is not always what they get. It's worth it to
see the looks on their faces when some "dear departed" mani-
fests covered in shit and drool. Not what they expect, no, not
atall....

— Harry the Haunter, Wraiths for Fun and Profit

<P


Mediums piss me off big time, especially the
ones who invade your Haunt and "feel the vibrations."
I tried to kill a medium once just for bugging me one time
too many. She got away, but I think I taught her a lesson.
Don't fuck with the dead.
— Renee Wilson, Shadowlands Separatist Orga-
nization .

If we cultivate mortals who can see across the Shroud
and who attune themselves to our "psychic emana-
tions," we can use mediums to relay messages to our
agents in the Skinlands. I regularly use one of these
seers to keep in touch with one of the Risen our group
helped plant in the Skinlands around the Denver
Necropolis. Psychics are a valuable resource we cant
afford to waste. The Hierarchy knows this, and that is

| why they forbid us to make contact with mediums.
— Philip Sonderly, Puppeteers for the Revolu-
tion
I see contacting mediums as a revolutionary duty.
It's our job to educate the living about what to expect
when they cross the Shroud. If they come to the
Shadowlands knowing that the Hierarchy exists and will
try to fuck them over, they'll be ready to join us from
Day One. I've been passing messages to the Quick
through Sister Delphi for three years now. She thinks
I'm some sort of Babylonian temple prostitute, but I don't
J care what she believes as long as she spreads the word.
—~ Thelma Clapper, Providence Propaganda League
Here's a thought! If we could make common cause with
the Native American wraiths against the Hierarchy in North
America, maybe we could get somewhere. Native wraiths who
have links with living relations in the American Indian Move-
ment might actually sympathize with our cause. I've heard it's
dangerous to approach many Native American shamans,
since they and their ghostly friends don't like Stygian
wraiths, but then, as Renegades, we're not typical
Stygians. That might count for something.
— Sommer Sondley, Unity Brigade

Hunters

Personally, I think these guys are in
league with the Hierarchy. How else could
they get enough information to make them so
dangerous? Some Skinriding motherfucker of
a Legionnaire must be leaking knowledge of our
whereabouts to the debunkers and exorcists. I've
had to change my Haunt four times in the last
year just to get away from these persistent bas-
tards.
— Sammy, Little Rock Demolition Team

, ame S|
‘ "af HMA. ,

7 aN Madar,

‘1e~

ranyy,

Ze

Ld

BS

up
lice
the
atte
for

tors

den
get

mac
dar

bacl

too.

fet

I've
wea
I'm.

the |

rga-

roud
ana-
D our
these
proup
pnver
can't
hat ts

S.

bvolu-

duty.
expect
to the
d will
from
Quick
thinks
I don't

eague
e with
North
hs who
Move-
pard it's
amans,
Stygian
typical

ade

s are in
se could
them so
ucker of
ge of our
ists. I've

the last

tent bas-

on Team

Most hunters don't have a clue unless we give them one.
Yes, we have the right to cross the Shroud. Yes, we need to keep
up with what goes on in the Skinlands. No, we do not have the
license to act like idiots. If you leave piles of shit behind you in
the Skinlands, you're going to draw flies. If you attract a hunter's
attention, it's ‘cause you fucked up. Don't come crying to me
for comfort.

— FX. Ryan, Watchdogs of Liberty

The ones who really tick me off are the scientific investiga-
tors, the guys who come in with the weird machines and try to
measure the ectoplasmic content of the environment for evi-
dence of ghosts. If you see one of them coming for your Haunt,
get the hell out of Dodge. I tried to screw with one of their
machines once — and got trapped in the Skinlands when the
damn thing made the Shroud stronger. I had to make my way
back to the Shadowlands by an alternate route — lost a Fetter,
too. Not to mention my Haunt. Those debunkers are bad news.

— Jimi Jones, Itinerant Spooks for Chaos

ters and Consorts

Some of the Quick like to serve as hosts for Skinriders.
I've used the same Consort for two years now with almost no
wear and tear on her. She's gotten to where she knows when
I'maround and sort of drops her guard and lets me in. So where's
the problem with that?

— Ramon, Skinriders for a Free World

Anacreons, not Charon himself, if he ever comes back — will |):
keep me from visiting my family. I talk to my twin brother almost a
every day. If I didn't, I think he'd go crazy. Don't tell me some (|
Dictum fucking Mortuum is gonna prevent me from taking care of §
business. It's family. That's all that matters.

— Willie Conti, Hartford Psychos "

I became a Renegade the day I met Andrew. He looked so sad {
— | think he was on the verge of suicide. I appeared right in front ¢
of him to warn him not to trade his life for the Shadowlands. It was "1,
hard to stay for more than a few minutes, but I managed. Then
something happened between us.

My patrol leader reamed me out as soon as I returned to my ||
Haunt. He told me that the next time I pulled a stunt like that, §
he'd send me straight to the forges.

I deserted the next day. A Renegade gang found me and, af-
ter checking me out, accepted me. Andrew and I have been going |
together for almost a year now. He's stopped thinking about sui-
cide and has started getting interested in saving the environment.
That's what the revolution is all about.

— Thea Braden, Free Love Confederation

Take care of the Quick. Watch your family and friends, espe-
cially if they're your Fetters. The Hierarchy regularly breaks the
Dictum Mortuum to track down and destroy anything or anyone
associated with known Renegades. The Legions enforce the rules,
they don't have to obey them. If you make contact with any hu-
man, ‘you must assume responsibility for his continued safety.

— Nathaniel Collins, Wraiths for One World

Chapter Three: Bridges and Barricades

seen

} ~ v¥

" Mo.

'

af

CY
te

NZ

8
°

a vebersemawervesehe

sepeeeem i
rw
a— "
fp aera
i ,
a

joo Vinge

cy

Serr
A

fd

VY Vy \ hy.

(ete |

\

a4

°
—_
~
a
— é
.

ej
as

Lees
SE oes
amr

>

=a

y a 7. ww ot @ Ay . ; ‘ . ~ ;
" . « . ‘ ‘ A - |. .
j i ° i ; : ‘ ¥ is 4 re 5 .
ah GRY - . .
} seus ‘ , Ty 4 Ps |e

YY, FR atl.

-


Te ae eh

Ze

Lge ae PG Et pe

You are going to die here, that is, to triumph. Citizens, what-

ever happens today, through our defeat as well as through our vic-
tory, we are going to effect a revolution.

— Victor Hugo, Les Miserables

his chapter looks at the nuts and bolts of
guidelines. In addition to a
goals, the following pages al

Backgrounds, Archetypes (and Shadow Archetypes), Artifacts,

The purpose of this chapter is to provide Storytellers and players with material for customizing

Renegade characters and stories involving Renegades. While this chapter is most emphatically not a
revolutionary primer, a few ideas on tactics are given to help those

el EF,

‘ \ \

\
NAN

or ignore it altogether. After all, this ain't the Hierarchy.

AW.
eS

eed She

DN


4 4,4 ;
Covert Activities in
wal
These actions represent the chief undercover operations most | esc
gangs utilize in their fight against the Hierarchy, Heretics and |

Oblivion. Though most Renegades only mention their use against
< Hierarchy targets, they may be used effectively against Heretics, int
() [ fl other Renegades and even (in a limited fashion) against Spec- WI
pe d 10 \ tres. Obviously, certain activities (such as infiltration) are nigh wh:
unto useless against Oblivion's forces, but others (such as recon- tha
The Renegades' tactics run the gamut of activities and naissance) are a must if Renegades are forced into confronta- Rei
maneuvers known to the Skinlands' freedom fighters, par- tions with them. Common sense should be the guide when de- ally
tisans, spies, outlaws and other activists who make up their ciding which tactics might work and which would be innefective. a Si
ranks. Although not all gangs make use of every method Of course, knowing Spectres, they might let the poor deluded Co
described below, every group of Renegades uses at least a wraith think he has successfully fooled them so his final fall into stes
few of them in its struggle to survive outside the Hierar- Oblivion is all the more amusing for them. Some of these activi- cau

chy. Most gangs don't have the luxury of specializing; their ties have more than a little in common with one another, but
members often have to serve in two or three capacities at ach has unique aspects that call for a separate explanation. Ret
once. Larger gangs may have one officer in charge of intel- <4 ‘ Fir:
ligence or propaganda, but every Renegade should be pre- Disinformation eve
pared to assume the roles called for in at least two or three Okay, so maybe I overheard someone talking about a raid on she
of the following activities. the supply depot set for tonight. Who am I to say if it's true or not, (ex
Sarge? If it isn't, do you want to be the one to call in a unit? ega

— Bruz, Disinformation Officer, Raven's Revenge

18 Renegades
gre ¢ ; pg See = WV eon 2s ee "3 : Ne Ey He eae ype = " . reaps ne é "4 zy piges a . ot
ee = . ae rae Saree xX ~ M a) Gn fe ‘ . . ? 2 be f . ;

Zee ETT D |

—™, ¢
~ANR?

ons most
Ptics and
be against
eretics,
t Spec-
are nigh
recon-
bnfronta-
when de-
efective.
deluded
fall into
be activi-
her, but

tion.

a raid on
e or not,
mit?

a

One of the most successful covert activities practiced by
Renegade gangs is that of disinformation. At its simplest,
disinformation involves spreading false information regard-
ing Renegade activities and personnel to Hierarchy spies. This
allows the gang to lead its enemies on wild goose chases, to
con them into hitting false targets and to bamboozle them
into following the wrong wraiths around waiting for them to
make contact with important Renegade leaders.
Disinformation can also be used to hide Renegades' real Fet-
ters while offering false ones for attack (or better still, offer-
ing Fetters belonging to higher-ups in the Hierarchy as tar-
sets by making them seem as though they belong to Ren-
evades). Gossip and innuendo are used to suggest connections
and relationships that don't exist, occasionally leading to
charges of treason against innocent Hierarchy personnel.

Leaking "secrets" is also amusing, especially if they have
ho purpose yet Cause paranoia in enemy troops. Even better,
those secrets can sometimes contain a small portion of the
trath and thereby make the lie attached to them seem true as
well. In like manner, disinformation works best when it is put
forward in the midst of a number of true revelations, thus
making it seem just as reliable. Some Renegade gangs employ
double agents specifically to disseminate disinformation to
the enemy, but the best method of spreading lies is to allow
snitches to overhear the information so the person passing it
on as genuine isn't even connected with the gang.

Loionlage

You think it's easy to get into a facility, plant this stuff without
being noticed and get out again? Yeah? Then why don't you just
walk up and kick a Deathlord in the crotch and see how easy your
escape is?

— Arian Ex

When most people think of espionage, they picture spies
intrench coats meeting in dingy cafes to exchange microdots.
While there is some similarity between the stereotype and
what actually goes on, most of the time it's just the location
that rings a bell. Call them spies, covert operatives or sneaks,
Renegades who perform espionage duties for their gangs usu-
ally confine themselves to quick in-and-out jobs, penetrating
asingle site to gain one specific piece of useful information.

4 Conversely, a saboteur of this sort might plant something in-

stead, such as a document he wants found or an Artifact that
causes havoc when left behind.

Unlike national or corporate spies among the living,
Renegade operatives rarely copy or steal plans or documents.
First of all, relic cameras are hard to come by; relic film is
even more difficult to obtain. Secondly, to whom would they
show the plans, and for what purpose? No other large govern-
ment stands poised to take over in place of the Hierarchy
(except foreign ones like the Jade Empire, which the Ren-
egades don't like either), so revealing state secrets is useless.

Pose'

For their own part, Renegades don't have the resources or
manpower to implement construction of large-scale weapons
or transports, again rendering the theft of strategic documents
pointless in the larger scheme of things.

Tactical documents, on the other hand, are much more
valuable. Discovering where a centurion's Fetters are hidden
or learning of the plans for a raid on a known Renegade Haunt
gives a Renegade the sort of information he can readily sell.

Though the circumstance is unusual, some Renegade spies

have been asked to supply getaway plans to — or to escort (jj

prospective defectors out of — certain areas. This is one of {i}.

the most dangerous covert activities (along with prisoner

breakouts) spies can undertake, and such an operation puts +

everyone involved at risk. Some Renegades go through a whole
charade when meeting back up with their spies (a security
measure), while others content themselves with having the
spy drop the info in a prearranged spot for later extraction.
Espionage is, by its nature, a short-term activity, and should
not be confused with infiltration.

Extractions

Get me outta here!

— Everywraith

Extractions, the opposite of Insertions involve entering
enemy territory to take something out of it. Extraction of per-
sons is covered under Kidnapping, while that of items is
handled under Search and Seizure.

intiltration

You must be mistaken. I'm Rachel. See, here are my
deathmarks and tattoo. Say, would you like me to file that for
you? I'm on my way down to records anyway and it would be no
trouble.

— Vile, Deep-Cover Operative, Freedom League

One of the most dangerous, but potentially rewarding,
activities for a Renegade operative is infiltrating the ranks of
the enemy. Unlike normal espionage, infiltration requires the
wraith to learn special skills or adopt a persona she will be
required to display for an extended period of time. Spur of the
moment infiltrations are short term at best and usually don't
work very well; long-term operations have the benefit of plan-
ning and research, and, as such, are generally more success-
ful. Infiltrators are carefully placed so that when they are ac-
tivated, they can do their gangs the most good. Having an
agent among the grunts of the Skeletal Legion is of limited
use. That same agent Moliated and groomed to take the place
of a trusted advisor to the Anacreon could well prove to be of
inestimable value (see Insertions). Such agents can subtly
suggest or implement policies favorable to their Renegade
gangs or pass on interesting rumors they hear.

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution

Most frequently, however, operatives are deep-cover
agents who remain in place for a long time, gradually moving
up to positions of more and more trust. Once these moles
reach a certain level, they may funnel important information
to their gangs. Or they may have no contact with their gangs,
remaining in deep cover until "activated" to perform a single,
highly important act. Often, once an infiltrator performs that
specific action, her cover is blown and the infiltration comes
to an end.

Two other scenarios can bring the infiltration to an end:
Either (through informants or the agent's mistakes) the Ren-
egade is unmasked, or the agent makes friends with her co-
workers, likes her job and defects for real. In the former case,
the unfortunate Restless can expect little more than painful
sessions of interrogation followed by a swift trip to the Artifi-
cers. In the latter case, the agent simply stops making contact
and tries to disappear into the belly of the Hierarchy, or con-
fesses all to her new masters and becomes a double agent.
This is the most dangerous scenario for her former gang, for
the operative knows details of the gang's activities and where-
abouts that can be used to make its existence more than hell-
ish. The losses caused by too many turncoats account for re-
cent policies adopted by many gangs, stating that infiltrators
go undercover with a bare minimum of knowledge about their
outside contacts to limit the effect of a defection. Of course,
this practice increases the alienation many infiltrators feel,
making them more likely to join the enemy....

Then again, rumors abound that some double agents are
actually triple agents, sent in by Renegades to infiltrate, sup-
posedly turned and loyal to the Hierarchy, but in actuality
still working for the Renegades (and presumably doing a bang-
up job at disinforming their erstwhile allies). That gets too
complex, though, and happens so infrequently it's hardly worth
mentioning.

Insertions

You guys are coming back for me after I deliberately bollix the
meeting, right? Guys? Guys?

— A volunteer

Those with military training think of insertions as plac-
ing a small cadre behind enemy lines or in disputed territory.
The cadre may help train insurgents, perform covert surveil-
lance or engage in just about any other activity that doesn't
attract too much attention from the other side. Many Ren-
egade insertions are similar to that, except Renegade gangs
can't usually spare more than one or two operatives for such
activities at a time.

Less frequently, particularly ambitious Restless insert a
single operative in a key position in order to have him per-
form a specific task. Once in position, the operative performs
his duty (disabling a fleet of vehicles, disrupting a meeting
with creative use of Arcanoi or whatever), then sneaks back

out or escapes during whatever chaos he's managed to cause.
Although some gangs promise to have other members wait-
ing to extract the operative after he's completed his task, few
actually do so. Once an agent goes in, he's on his own. Unless
the Renegade is very clever, such an insertion is usually writ-
ten off as a suicide run (not that the Renegade leaders tell
that to their noble volunteers, of course). Insertions can also
involve planting a device of some kind or an important piece
of misinformation to be found.

A particularly demanding type of insertion is the replace-
ment. If an important item is being stolen, the gang may have
paid for a shoddy copy which is then left in the real item's
place. Unless someone takes a good look at the item in ques-
tion or attempts to use it, the copy may hang in the real item's
place for some time before being discovered. Items aren't the
only things that can be replaced, though. There are plenty of
times when a Renegade is Moliated and trained to replace
someone else. The special operative is secretly swapped for a
kidnapping victim (who is either kept captive or turned into
raw materials, depending on the circumstances) and takes up
the other wraith's existence, hopefully without attracting too
much notice in the process. In situations like this, the Le-
gions are actually less of a threat to disguised Renegades than
are the Martyr Knights, whose specialty is detecting impos-
tors. (For more information on the Martyr Knights, see
Doomslayers: Into the Labyrinth.)

intelligence

So, now we know that Sneak suddenly has access to a lot of
oboli, the Grim Legion's troops are moving into the area in force
and Fabrizi is missing. I think we can assume that Sneak sold out
his old partner and the Smiling Lord's people know that we're here.

— Juan, Intelligence Analyst for the Renegade Council

At its simplest, intelligence is concerned with gathering any
information that might be of value — whether useful for plan-
ning raids, embarrassing enemies, or keeping the Legions away
from things a gang would rather keep secret. Most wraiths in-
volved in this intelligence gathering do little beyond being stay-
ing alert, noting pertinent details and listening. The majority of
the tidbits thus gained are not secret, classified or even particu-
larly interesting — but when they're all put together, they can
make an interesting picture indeed. It's hard telling the grunts
that, though, as this level of intelligence work can be tedious,
and often seems useless to the new recruits involved in it.

Rather than using the information piecemeal, gang mem-
bers involved in intelligence pull together every tidbit they find
and puzzle them all together. The melding process is the most
important aspect of intelligence work. Taken together with doz-
ens of other items and anything picked up through espionage,
every small bit and piece suddenly becomes part of an overall
picture of what a gang's enemies are up to. Such a synthesis is far
more useful than any of the pieces alone. The mosaic of de-

80 Renegades
= ee IRN a ENC


O Cause.
ers wait-
ask, few
. Unless
lly writ-
nders tell
can also
nt piece

replace-
ay have
al item's
in ques-
al item's
en''t the
blenty of
replace
bed for a
ed into
takes up
ting too
the Le-
des than
b impos-
hts, see

pa lot of
in force
sold out
re here.

ouncil
ring any
or plan-
ns away
niths in-
ing stay-
jority of
particu-
hey can
e grunts
tedious,
it.
g mem-
hey find

me most

ith doz-
bionage,

overall
sis is far
c of de-

tails, once fully formed, lets a gang anticipate a foe's plans
and intentions, because it indicates the foe's thinking — one
bit of data lets you anticipate an event, but a million bits of
data let you anticipate trends. In the long run, knowing the
trends in an enemy's thinking lets you anticipate a great many
events. When you know which way the enemy is planning to
jump before he does, you're better prepared to screw up what-
ever he's planning.

That's not to say that stealing an Anacreon's desk pad
isn't a highly useful activity. However, Renegades who want
to last longer than a week recognize the fact that good oppor-
tunities to steal that desk pad are going to be extremely rare,
and concentrate on more attainable goals. They'll make the
big grab if they can, but in the meantime going for small vic-
tories is a lot safer — and much less likely to provoke drastic
responses from the Hierarchy.

The Care and Feeding of information Sources

Information doesn't just materialize. It needs to be
extracted, cajoled or occasionally just stolen from informed
sources. Most Renegade intelligence ops have two kinds of
sources: Willing and unwilling. The former are much more
rare. A willing source is someone outside the gang who
knowingly passes along information — usually a Hierar-
chy wraith, but occasionally a freelance information bro-
ker, a Heretic or even a living medium willing to talk —
aware of its destination and its potential uses. Some willing
sources have ideological reasons tor what they do, while
others expect to be paid.

Unwilling sources generally don't know they're being
tapped for information. A low-ranking Legionnaire who
chats with a Renegade in friendly fashion, a Hierarch who
can be relied upon to talk too much (and too loudly) in a
Pathos bar — all of these and more serve to give lots of
information to Renegades willing to make the effort to ac-
quire it. Occasionally a Hierarch is blackmailed into pass-
ing along information helpful to the Renegade cause, but
such operations are risky. Hlierarchs thus exploited have a
nasty tendency to lav traps tor those who are blackmailing
them, figuring that handing over gift-wrapped Renegades
tothe Legions counterbalances the sins for which they were
being blackmailed in the first place.

lt is vital to anv Renegade movement to protect its
sources, That can mean anything from allowing a voluble
soldier to have a notable "success" or two against the group
inorder to keep him in place, to extracting a source whose
cover is about to get blown. Renegade gangs that get repu-

tations for abandoning their sources soon run out of sources.

Propaganda
I know just what you mean. The Legions don't seem inter-

ested in patrolling this neighborhood. Last time Spectres threw them-
selves at us, you didn't see any Hierarchy people down here! All I

saw were a few of those boys I heard are Renegades. Now they |

care about this Necropolis.

—CanCan, Tucson Necropolis

Renegades who want sympathizers and new recruits can-
not overlook propaganda. It's fine to hijack a truckload of
Lemures bound for the forges, but if no one knows the gang
did it for altruistic reasons, the gang isn't getting its full value

from the raid. Anything the gang does that can garner the |

approval of other wraiths can help win new converts to the
cause. Favorable stories about the gang can be circulated and
unflattering tales suppressed through propaganda. The group's
name, political affiliations and aims can be made known and
famous, meaning that defecting Hierarchs (or other Renegades
looking for a new gang) will have some built in "brand recog-
nition" when they turn. In addition, if a gang gets a reputa-
tion for successful operations, that rep can serve to intimi-
date the troops the gang must face.

Propaganda isn't confined to spin doctoring the gang,
however. It is also used in its negative aspect to question the
actions and policies of the gang's enemies. Holding the Hier-
archy up to ridicule or revealing the Deathlords' secret plans
is of equal or greater importance to letting the local wraiths
know your gang teaches Arcanoi. Additionally, staging events
— whether performing in street theatre or making a daring
raid on a Hierarchy supply depot — serves as an attention-
getter. Generally, the more entertaining the form of public
display, the more radical or unbelievable the message can be
while still having other wraiths accept it — but the trick is to
stay in the public eye without exposing one's gang to capture
or unnecessary risk. Scheduled performances are a bad idea,
because even your average Hierarchy trooper can read a sched-
ule. On the other hand, using the local grapevine to let folks
know that something cool will be happening at a certain place
and time keeps the guest list a lot more friendly.

Reconnaissance

Reconnaissance involves scouting a specific group or site,
and is more of a short term activity. In its most common form,
reconnaissance is used to discover information about unknown
territory the gang seeks to enter. Sometimes, it is used to scout
out an enemy encampment or to reconnoiter a facility where
prisoners are being held. Supply depots provide another fa-
vorite target. Occasionally, a gang needs to send out a for-
ward scout to find a way around a blocked area or an impass-
ably large group of foes.

Those who perform reconnoitering duties usually note
several features at once: the lay of the land, the availability of

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution 81

>
eyec
4
i
Pte
Nags
is
H
i
ic (
¥
yf 4
.
s
i \
nm |
‘ y


Min aaa a SS _
transportation, the number and disposition of enemy troops, lots
the ordnance to which enemy troops have access, informa- pris
tion on Byways and Nihils in the area and the current senti- all)
ment of the local civilian population. Each detail a scout notes ope
enables her gang to be better prepared when it's time for ac- em
tion. Good reconnaissance lets gangs to go into the field bet- pla
ter prepared than they might be otherwise, to the point of tha
calling off operations that recon reveals to be doomed to fail- mo
ure.

Reconnaissance is performed by a single wraith, or at best poi
a team of two, with both having some facility in Argos. Send- pul
ing out too many wraiths essentially defeats the whole point otk
of reconnaissance; the more wraiths go out, the more likely liti
the action is to alert the enemy and thus to make any infor | suc
mation retrieved useless. | bat

Experienced Renegade scouts always carry a knife ora op:
similar object, so as to self-induce a Harrowing rather than otk
tisk capture. Capture by the Hierarchy is certain destruction; de
a Harrowing is only likely doom, and less likely to have dire
consequences for the Renegade's gang as well. After all, Har- As

rowing Spectres don't bother to interrogate their subjects.

Sabotage so

Tk
Oops. Guess that little plasm brick was more important than in,
they thought. de
— Maniac : pl
This is a tricky tactic because it is quite similar to the to
overt activities of Search and Destroy and Search and Sei- | i
zure (detailed below). In fact, the essential difference between - ~
types is that it is ostensibly covert (i-e., hidden). Sabotage— ;
defined as covert actions involving stealing, damaging or de- H
stroying key equipment and Fetters — works best when it is ta
done secretly. Weakening the defenses around a Legionnaire to
outpost before tipping off Spectres that there's a free meal O
down the road isn't as effective if the Legionnaires notice the th
damage and repair it before the lunch crowd arrives. It's also w
more amusing if the target of the sabotage doesn't realize his "
equipment is missing or broken until the enemy is right on tk
top of him. "
Sometimes called "monkeywrenching," sabotage is best
carried out by agents who have already been inserted into the a
enemy's camp. Nonetheless, it is possible for a small team to "
penetrate a site just long enough to sabotage a specific target, ©
then get out before being discovered.

S
Overt Activities ‘

Sometimes sneaking around in the shadows (pun in-

ti

tended) just isn't enough to get the job done. That's when t:

overt operations come into play. While many of the activities t

described below could be performed secretly, most cannot be 4

best accomplished without a bit of public display (firing off 4
a a aaa. Mi


bint
ely

for-

» the
Sei-
een

be —

r de-
it iS
aire

meal

e the

5 also

re his

ton

5 best
o the
AM fO
arget,

n in-
when
iVities
ot be
ng off

lots of relic guns and running down the main drag with Wa
prisoners in tow can hardly go totally unnoticed, after Z :
all). This doesn't mean that those performing the
operations make their identities known to the en-
emy or that the gang sends advance notice of their
plans to assault a Legionnaire training facility, just
that it is almost impossible to keep every aspect of
most operations hidden.

Some Renegades would even argue that the whole
point of engaging in overt operations is to perform them
publicly. That way news of the Renegades' success reaches
other wraiths, making them aware of the Renegades' po-
litical aims and helping gang recruitment efforts. Whether
such actions actually succeed in those areas is a hotly de-
bated subject; what is more certain is that effective overt
ops embarrass the enemy, reveal its weaknesses and show
other Restless that apparently unbeatable targets are in-
deed vulnerable to assault from the little guys.

Assassination

There are two forms of assassination — one N
sometimes more immediately deadly than the other. \
The first type targets key enemy personnel for Harrow-
ing, with the hope that it might lead to the victim's actual
destruction. The way in which the assassination is accom-
plished varies greatly. Renegade gangs have been known
to damage a target to the point that she is thrown into a
Target Harrowing with herself as the Quarry. If the Ren-
egades then cover the target's Fetters, the gang can take
her out again, throwing her right back into another
Harrowing. Ideally, this can go on for as long as the
target has Corpus, with the intent of eventually
forcing the victim to surrender, wearily, to
Oblivion. The main problem with such assassina-
tion attempts is that they require at least one
wraith getting up-close-and-personal and wield-
ing a deadly weapon, while his comrades cover
the Fetters to catch the victim when she appears
after each Harrowing. Finding the Fetters of key
Hierarchs isn't always an easy matter either,
and many ranking Hierarchs have troops sur-

teptitiously standing watch near one or more |
of their Fetters — just in case.

\ yp

ly
| ) | oN all
jy) |

‘0
,

ty

at

Alternatively, in what's known as a Caesar
Special, a group of assassins corner a targeted
enemy and overwhelm her by sheer numbers.
They then split up to cover all the Fetters. More
often, assassinations are carried out from a dis-
tance. Intelligence reports locate the intended
target, the assassin lies in wait, takes the shot when
the target arrives and leaves the scene as quickly
as possible. Since this method depends on several
assassins and lots of Arcanoi (Argos and Lifeweb

Fad


SO MALLS

at the least), it is often simpler to merely harass the target
and send her into one Harrowing, hoping to keep her out of
the way for a short time.

The second form of assassination — the murder of the
target's character — is a far more complex undertaking, but
potentially more rewarding. It requires intimate knowledge
of the target and an understanding of the audience which is
to witness the deed. Character assassination also takes time
to take effect. The build-up of suspicion against the target
has to have time to grow, while incriminating false evidence
against the target (suspicious-looking Artifacts and inexpli-
cable caches of oboli are favorites) must be planted and "ac-
cidentally discovered." Ideally, more and more Restless come
to believe that the target is untrustworthy, evil and working
for Oblivion.

Assassinations are usually planned to get rid of a particu-
larly effective enemy or one who has repeatedly humiliated,
defeated or tortured members of the gang. Sometimes assassi-
nations are performed merely to disrupt or inconvenience foes
by removing key players. A final reason for assassination is
vengeance for Renegade members who have been caught and
sent to the forges. While some groups include the Harrowing
of random enemy targets among this category, true assassina-
tions always have a specific pre-chosen victim; random vio-
lence falls under the category of terror.

Assault

You call that an assault? Move, move, move, move, unless
you want your plasmic butt handed to you!

— Sergeant Daniel Olen, Patriot Liberation Front

Assaults are just what they sound like — military actions
taken against specific targets. They generally involve some
sort of all-out attack (like a frontal assault). Most assaults are
made against stationary targets, such as buildings, Haunts,
outposts and so on, but occasional assaults against movable
enemy positions (a Spectre nest, a unit of Legionnaires on
patrol) also occur. Despite intelligence designed to make as-
saults as effective as possible, attacks are the most dangerous
actions a Renegade gang can take.

Assaults call for precision maneuvers by a team of Ren-
egades, meaning that the Renegades involved are really put-
ting it all on the line. There's no way an all-out assault can be
mistaken for any sort of innocent activity, meaning that once
the gang commits, there's no pulling back. Furthermore, odds
are that a Renegade force mounting an assault is hitting with
everything it has — every last wraith, weapon and Artifact
— and that means that if the assault fails, the gang mounting
it is most likely fatally crippled. Just to add to the fun, itis
also the simple truth that it is rare for Renegade gangs (for all
they'd like to think otherwise) to be as well trained in group
tactics and battle as the Legionnaires they're facing. For all
these reasons, an assault that is not made by surprise is almost

J Y
STITT aaa Ce iy See 34

for
an:

gal
ow

the
esp
are

Co

Rei
cha

hol
thro
ally
a pe
sign
Byv
tho:
Owr

take
diffe

ac-
bme
ing

icu-
ted,
ASSI-
foes
bn. iS
and

ing
sina-
V10-

nless

10Ns
bome
s are
lunts,
able
Ps on
e as-
erous

Ren-
an be
once
odds
with
tifact
nting
, it is
or all
group
or all
Imost

automatically fated to fail. The more advance notice the foe
has that the Renegades are coming, the greater the likelihood
that the assault is doomed — meaning slavery or Harrowings
for the attackers, destruction of the gang and the recapture of
any Artifacts or relics the wraiths use during the assault. Com-
manders calling for direct attacks are not popular among most
gangs, and can count on being melted down or ousted by their
own side if they survive a failed attack. Still assaults do have
their place in the tactical repertoire of rebellious Restless,
especially if the objective is important enough that casualties
are not a consideration.

Coups

Remain calm! You are now under the protection of the
Renegade Council. Nothing in your afterlives should
change, except that you will henceforth exist under greater
personal freedom!

— Morgan, Knights of the Revolution

Wherever they have enough support or the Hierarchy's
hold is sufficiently weak, Renegades may attempt to over-
throw the local governing body and set up their own. Usu-
ally coup attempts are limited to small areas — a block or
a particular neighborhood — though a few towns (too in-
significant to host a large Necropolis) or communities along
Byways may host Renegade governors. This doesn't count
those areas where the Renegades are able to set up their
own encampments without interference, merely those they
take over from the Hierarchy or Heretics. So what's the
difference between an assault and a coup?

Both are done forcibly, but a coup need not lead to
battle. In a "bloodless" coup, it is possible for a group of
Renegades to simply walk into a poorly defended headquar-
ters and demand the defenders' surrender. If those in power

see they are outnumbered and realize that the Renegades
have more support from the populace that they do, they
may well give in and evacuate. Conversely, coups may come
as the result of successful assaults, infiltration followed by
a sudden takeover or even through the collusion of defec-
tors. However coups occur, they are usually short-lived
unless the surrounding population can be won over and
the Hierarchy is too busy elsewhere to bother to win back
the territory. .

Ht and Run

Go in and out the windows,

Go in and out the windows,

Go in and out the windows

As we have done before.

— popular children's song and game

Hit-and-run missions are quick, simple maneuvers de-
signed to harass and disrupt rather than cause massive de-

samen OF

struction. Successfully utilized by guerrilla units throughout
history against foes too numerous to face in direct battle, hit
and runs consist of a quick surprise attack and an equally fast
retreat. Often they are used to whittle down the opposition,
with each participant assigned to double up with others to

take out one or two targets. Other times, hit-and-run attacks 4

are used to make lightning raids for supplies or disrupt the
enemy's routines. Meant to keep the foe off kilter, such tactics
can also be used to embarrass or ridicule the enemy by making
him look incompetent.

The aftermath of a hit and run may cause almost as {

much disruption as the act itself. Frequently, Renegade

gangs who engage in a hit and run taunt those they've just 3/4

hurt or embarrassed as they flee the scene. Foolish enemy
commanders may allow their troops to give chase, thereby
weakening the defenses around the site of the attack (and
inviting another hit and run against the reduced forces) or
laying the pursuers open to attacks from a secondary line of
Renegades waiting in ambush.

Kidnapping

Here you go, fresh, firm Legionnaire just captured today.
What'm I bid for this fine specimen o' wraithdom?

— Adolphus

Kidnapping is included in the overt activities section
only because Renegades often send ransom notes for im-
portant Hierarchy and Heretic bigwigs they snatch. Not
all kidnappings are so public, however. While kidnapping
for ransom and prisoner exchanges remain frequent activi-
ties for Renegades, such extracurricular outings occasion-
ally serve other purposes. Many might even be labeled as
extractions

One purpose served by kidnapping important officials
is to create a climate of fear among the victim's cohorts.
Renegades have succeeded if they make those not kidnapped
feel as though they too might be victimized just as easily at
any time. Paranoia isn't good for productivity, after all. A
more overt effect is to hold up to public ridicule the wraiths
who could not protect their leader, officer or friend from
being kidnapped. A few Renegades' Shadows (or so the

Renegades in question claim) have been known to take this |

particular measure way too far, so enraging the enemy or
disgusting the populace that the kidnapping backfires and
causes the opposition to hunt Renegades with renewed fury.
Some targets are slated for kidnapping because they
possess information or talents needed by the gang; others
are simply so useful that removing them from the picture
really screws up the other side's plans. Still others are taken
so that gang members can exact revenge for the person's
actions toward captured Renegades. Finally, every now and
then Renegades go on a kidnapping spree to create fear in
those left behind and take away their peace of mind.

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution 85

wt

—.n

Pi es So

BLES

Pane

GBs
<

ED Ep ET


2

Search and Destroy

Didn't know we knew about that old boathouse Fetter, did
you, Centurion? Well, you can kiss it good-bye.

— No Nose, Brothers of Annihilation

Search-and-destroy missions generally involve look-

ing for enemy patrols and attempting to ambush and dis-
rupt them. Such actions are only undertaken when Ren-
egade gangs feel they have a clear majority of troops, su-
perior firepower and the tactical advantage (i.e. pretty in-
frequently). In fact, search-and-destroy runs are even less
common than frontal assaults, since those involved tend
to get their plasm blown to bits.

A directed form of search and destroy involves noting
where various members of a Legion patrol spend their off
hours (whether sleeping or in recreation) and then sending a
unit to those sites in hopes of catching soldiers alone. Such
raids are pretty overt activities and tend to attract the
Hierarchy's immediate attention. As a general rule, Legion-
naires just have a problem with Renegade maneuvers that
make loud booms and Harrow lots of wraiths.

A less noticeable (or at least quieter) form of search and
destroy mission entails going after someone's Haunt or Fet-
ters and wiping them out. In such cases, an intelligence team
locates the place or item in question, then dispatches a hit-
squad to do the dirty deed. In many cases, the target's Fetter is
a living person, which presents a significant moral dilemma,
since, in order to complete the mission, the team is required
to kill the Fetter. However, few Fetter hit-squads let that de-
tail stand in their way, and many rack up quite a body count.
If the Renegades can also Reap the former Fetter's soul, they
may cause significant anguish to their target and gain greater
insight into their enemy through interrogating the Enfant.

Search and Seizure

Alright, ladies, each of you grab a sword. These are ours now.

A)

‘
iad

D

— Pamela, Lesbian Liberation Front

Like a search-and destroy-mission, a search and sei-
zure of people (rather than items or locales) involves a task
force sent to capture a group of enemy personnel. The tac-
tics remain the same — a superior force with the tactical
advantage surrounds the enemy troops and calls for their
surrender. If they are clearly overmatched, the defenders
might just do so. Some commanders refuse to allow their
troops to surrender, however, meaning the search-and-sei-
zure mission can easily become a search and destroy in-
stead. If the attacking commander makes it clear that the
gang only wants its enemies' weapons, she can sometimes
— but not always — derail that scenario.

Search and seizure against property involves occupy-
ing Haunts or taking over headquarters or supply depots
and "liberating" arms and other materiel (such as oboli or

arty

Amu

c.

———]

Si
bi
Ta
th
th
th
co
to

in;
th
at
he
kn

en'

tra
gar
net
ror
gar
to ¢
any
so |
Leg
bec

min
rito!
wea
day

Ratl

Ovel

thro
rule


did

ting
r off
ing a
Such
the
bLON-
tnat

and

Fet-
team
a hit-
ter is
mma,
Huired
pat de-
ount.
, they
breater
fant.

d sei-
5 a task
e tac-
actical
r their
enders
their
d-sei-
oy in-
at the
etimes

cupy-
depots
boli or

Artifacts). Occupation of a Haunt or other structure may
be long-term (and related to a coup) or may be only for a
short period of time — such as while cleaning out the de-
pot, or to draw the enemy's attention while the rest of the
gang makes an important maneuver elsewhere. Occupations
may also be used to embarrass those who are incapable of
defending their territory.

[error

Several of the tactics already discussed could be clas-
sified as terror — kidnappings, ambushes and such —
but the actions specifically dubbed terror are supposedly
random acts that create uncertainty and make others feel
threatened. Terror tactics include anything and every-
thing that makes the enemy nervous: sending death
threats, the ghostly equivalent of drive-by shootings or
conspicuously following targets without allowing them
to see their stalkers.

Less violent gangs might accomplish their goals by hav-
ing 30 different wraiths wink at a specific enemy, while
those that demand more emphatic action may simply pick
arandom Legionnaire and hack at him with swords until
he falls into a Harrowing. Really devious gangs have been
known to treat with Spectres and open a way for them to
enter a Necropolis near the Citadel.

Whatever their form, acts of terror are designed to dis-
tract enemy forces, warn them away from pursuing certain
gangs, send them chasing after shadows and make them
nervous enough to make mistakes. The effect repeated ter-
rorist strikes have on enemy morale is just a bonus. Each
gang must decide for itself how far its members are willing
togo in using terror tactics, but those who use them against

anything other than military targets may find that doing
so backfires. A populace that may cheer attacks on stuffy
Legionnaires is likely to turn ugly when innocent civilians
become victims.

Puting it All Together

Most Renegade gangs have some specific purpose in
mind — overthrowing the Hierarchy, expanding their ter-
ritory, securing a safe place in the Shadowlands, rolling in
wealth by exploiting the slave trade or just making it from
day to day. Gangs rarely have only one purpose, however.
Rather, their aims are layered, with short term goals laid
over a more complex long-term purpose.

For example, the gang's overall goal might be to over-
throw the Deathlords and institute an elected council to
tule the Restless. It can't spend every moment working di-

rectly toward that goal, however. After all, obsessive be-

havior feeds the Shadow, and it makes wraiths pretty dull
to be around as well. So, as a diversion, a gang's members
might find that they can advance their goal most effec-
tively by persuading other wraiths to endorse their point
of view. To do that, the gang might print a newsletter ex-
pounding on their political opinions and aims, or special-
ize in graffiti mocking the Deathlords' greed and lust for
power. Because they will thus be making targets of them-
selves by going so public, the gang members should realize

that they need a secure hideout, preferable in the clutter

of the Shadowlands. Having such a headquarters means

they need to defend it, which in turn calls for them to get ¢

hold of a few relic pistols or swords. One goal leads to the
next, with smaller ones more easily achieved and new ones
arising from accomplishing old ones.

Below are a few of the goals and everyday business mat-
ters which occupy Renegades' time. Some thoughts on how
the various gangs go about achieving these aims are de-
tailed as well. Stories can be built around accomplishing
these various goals — or the consequences of failure.

Where the Renegades Are

Some Renegade enclaves (such as Freedom Isle) have
existed for centuries, while others raised the rebel flag just
last week. In general, the older encampments are located
on the far fringes of the Shadowlands or deep within the
Tempest, where it is simply too much trouble for the Le-
gions to attack them. If remote locations were not enough
to dissuade unwanted visitors, the more permanent Ren-
egade holdings (whether Necropoli, neutral meeting
grounds, training camps or what have you) teem with guard
patrols, alarms and traps. If most visitors didn't know bet-
ter, they mistake these locations for Hierarchy areas, an
irony which is not lost on some of the more important
Renegade leaders.

Newer facilities lack a lot of the amenities of the older |

Renegade encampments. As a result, the wraiths manning
these strong points are usually forced by circumstance into

a much closer relationship with Hierarchy or Heretic ‘

strongholds than they would like. Security at such places
is often a joke, especially among those enclaves held by
AWOLs or Dealers. On those rare occasions when they do
have security measures in place, newer encampments are
still a far cry from those sites that have had a century of
preparation built into them. Further, many modern Ren-
egade hideouts are temporary — and designed to stay tem-
porary. Such strongholds need little more than perimeter
guards, since they'll be abandoned soon in any case
Renegade-controlled Necropoli do exist, though they are
usually limited to smaller cities and towns. Gang Necropoli
tend to be founded in cities where the Skinlands reflect a

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution 87

Cx

BESS,
es

ome

he oe SLSR FOR
Ya
‘ Es

—, hs
: ‘ - ‘
f a:


Taking it To the Streets

A glaring exception to the rule that newer hold-

ings are less well defended, or soon abandoned, does
exist. Occasionally Renegades succeed in taking
Necropoli once held by the Hierarchy. Whether the
Necropolis falls through assault, infiltration or coup,
its new administrators are usually quite interested in
any defenses and toys left behind by the prior occu-
pants. Renegades who go to the trouble of taking a
Necropolis plan to keep it, and make the effort to see
it made as impregnable as it can be. First, such victo-
ries are good PR for the Renegade cause, showing
the Renegades' might in stark contrast to the crum-
bling ineptitude of the Hierarchy. Secondly, Ren-
evades only take those Necropoli that serve some
other purpose — strategic strongholds or those close
to needed resources or services that can be stolen.
Assaults are costly, coups may backfire and cither
sort of operation can easily backfire. A "liberated"

Necropolis is just too valuable to let slip away.

certain radical consciousness. Problems with defense and ad-
ministration multiply exponentially when Renegades occupy
an entire city, not to mention the fact that a Renegade-held
Necropolis may well suffer from a lack of organizational fo-
cus. In other words, Renegades are a lot better at taking
Necropoli than they are at holding them. The skills neces-
sary to mount a coup or a propaganda campaign aren't neces-
sarily those useful in maintaining a city, and as many Ren-
egade Necropoli drift back to the Hierarchy for reasons of
convenience as fall to recapture efforts.

Protecting Renegade Territory

Once a gang or coalition of Renegades takes power in a
particular territory, its members have to defend that turf if
they want to keep it. Gangs employ several methods of de-
fense, though it is rare to see a Renegade enclave with all the
following defenses.

¢ Intelligence

As detailed earlier, intelligence is used to keep abreast of
any information that might concern the Renegades, and to
allow them to make an informed guess as to what it means.
Knowing that enemies plan to infiltrate your organization or
assault your Necropolis — and letting them know that you
know — is the first step in stopping them. Those gangs who
overlook intelligence rarely hold onto their territories for long.

e Misinformation

Renegades

This is a favorite tactic of the more cerebral Renegades,
not to mention those who don't actually like stand-up fights.
False information whispered in the enemy's ear has his forces
assaulting the wrong stronghold, bringing along protection
against weapons the Renegades don't possess or otherwise
unprepared to deal with the Renegades actual defenses.

¢ Paid Informers

When free intelligence isn't available, the next best op-
tion is the paid informer. Whether Hierarch or Heretic camp,
certain Restless are always willing to pass on pertinent infor-
mation to those willing to pay them enough. Such informa-
tion often concerns enemy plans to attack Renegade strong-
holds.

¢ Perimeter Guards/Lookouts

This defense is one of the most basic, and one which
nearly every Renegade faction employs. Perimeter guards oc-
cupy key positions on the outskirts of the territory claimed by
the gang. Guards may either give warning of enemies ap-
proaching or actively seek to repel such encroachments.
Guards usually work in teams, with some acting as spotters
and others as runners to take warning to the rest of the gang.
Gangs with friends among the Guilds (or Guild-trained mem-
bers) occasionally have access to other types of perimeter
guards.

Such guards may include Screamers, wraiths who have
been Moliated and placed like statues around a gang's en-
campment. At the first sign of intruders who pass a predeter-
mined boundary, Screamers start howling like banshees. While
this certainly precludes keeping the camp a secret, the sud-
den screeching can also unnerve troops attempting to sneak
into the encampment — particularly if a little Keening is
tossed into the mix. The major drawback to the use of these
effective guardians lies in the rumor that only Chanteurs can
be made into Screamers, which doesn't endear Renegades who
utilize them to the Chanteurs' Guild.

A few Renegade gangs have succeeded in capturing
barghests, a matter of great pride and a lot of bragging. Those
gangs lucky enough to control barghests sometimes station
the hounds near their camp's perimeter, knowing the beasts
will sound the alarm if anyone approaches. On a more fright-
ening note, a strong rumor that Freedom Isle is protected ina
similar fashion, but not by barghests, persists. Rather, some
Renegades claim to have seen packs of free roaming
Tindelhounds (apparently allied with the Isle's residents) pa-
trolling the edges of the island, ready to hunt down anyone
foolish enough to approach without the proper identification.

e Mobile Patrols

While perimeter guards remain in fixed locations which
provide them with the best vantage points, to effectively cover
the whole territory, mobile patrols similar to those the Hier-
archy employs are often needed as well. Mobile units typi-
cally contain three or four members, patrolling in either a
triangular or diamond formation. The most dangerous posi-

74S

nn, i:
Se i
toe TT

lay:
trap
and
stor
groc
ject
sim}

they
defe
foes
turn
hall
etral
sible
whe
time
emie

adv
Arcé
com
tore
ing 2
in e:
out «
can |
Rene
and (
who
the ]
who

the


Wise

hich
S OC-
bd by
b ap-
ents.
ytters
bang.

em-

eter

have
5 en-
neter-
While
e sud-
sneak
ing is
these
rs can
Ps who

turing
Those
Btation
beasts
fright-
edina
, some
paming
ts) pa-
anyone
cation.

s which

Ply cover
e Hier-
its typi-
either a

ous posi-

tions in such units are point man and rear guard, since these
wraiths are the ones most often picked off by enemies. Patrols
usually cover familiar territory, searching for anything out of
the ordinary. Though they cover the same area every few min-
utes, the better organized patrols try to vary the times they
return to a given area, making their coverage more random.
That way, enemies can't simply time when the patrol is due
and slip in between scheduled visits. Renegades familiar with
the Fatalism power of Foreshadow are often chosen for mo-
bile patrol units with the hope that their knack might alert
them to danger before they run into it.

Again, gangs with access to barghests often find these
hounds their most effective patrol members. Rather than con-
fining the hounds to a specific area, patrolling allows barghests
to move around the whole camp and searching for anything
unfamiliar. A very few gangs are well-off enough that they
can actually make their patrols truly mobile by using relic
cars or other transports.

* Traps

Planted in the foe's path, traps can hinder, frustrate, de-
lay and even send unfortunate victims into Harrowings. Many
traps are designed simply to alert the gang to the presence
and general location of intruders. These include soulforged
stones laid along the most obvious pathway and primed to
groan loudly when anyone passes, tripwires that fire off pro-
jectiles designed to impact loudly against noisemakers and
similar physical tricks.

Others traps may strand foes in a small place from which
they cannot easily escape or mount an effective defense. Such

defenses might be pits or ramps that open beneath passing
foes and dump them into cells, doors and sliding walls which
turn passageways into boxes, or even a specifically built entry
hall that becomes smaller and narrower the further one pen-
etrates, hampering movement and making it almost impos-
sible to stand side-by-side or prepare a decent defense. Even
when physical obstacles can be hacked through, doing so takes
time — time that the defenders can use to assault their en-
emies Or evacuate.

Renegades excel in using the Arcanoi they know to good
advantage. Some traps are accompanied by clever uses of
Arcanoi to make them far more effective. Some of the more
common uses include employing the Argos art of Oubliette
to remove commanders from their troops and using the Keen-
ing art Crescendo, thereby potentially damaging each wraith

in earshot — while the Renegades themselves get the hell
out of the way. Utilizing the powers of Lifeweb, Renegades
can identify enemy Fetters and sever them. More aggressive
Renegades inflict damage through the higher art of Moliate
and Outrage or even destroy them through Obliviate. Those
who would rather cause less harm put enemies to sleep using
the Phantasm power of Dreams of Sleep, while Renegades
who just want to issue a warning to withdraw or else employ
the Usury power of Early Withdrawal.

Administration Details

Aside from running a revolution (or selling stolen relics
or Skinriding), those gangs who run territories larger than a
single stronghold or Haunt have to consider the non gang
populace living under their rule. Aside from treating them
better than the Hierarchy or Heretics, there are a couple of
things the gangs can do to keep the locals happy.

For one, they can share the wealth. Whenever the gang
finds a source of needed items or access to something many
wraiths might want (training in Arcanoi, for example), those
in power could do worse than offer a percentage to the local
citizenry.

Second, with power comes responsibility. If the locals lose"

their Haunts, get their relics ripped off or are threatened by
Spectral incursions, they should be able to turn to the gang
for help and protection. Neglecting this basic responsibility

has done more to undermine the Renegades' control of ©

Necropoli than any other fault. Crazy politics don't matter to
the locals so long as they feel safe.

If all else fails, Renegades have been known to employ
spies. These wraiths fit in with the ordinary Joes, all the while
watching and listening for malcontents and counterrevolu-
tionaries. Even when such dissidents are identified, some gangs
try reasoning with them first. Threats might follow with truly
incurable cases disappearing and surfacing on the slave blocks
or as souvenir ashtrays. The Hierarchy doesn't have an exclu-
sive on overreacting. Some gangs are even fanatical enough
about "The Cause" to become like those they hate most. Com-
pletely missing the irony in the situation, such Renegades have
no qualms about sending in their secret police to pick up the
dissenters and bring them along for interrogation. The locals
who experience such treatment and survive it usually become

either fanatically anti-Renegade or radicalize into Renegades 4

who oppose the politics of those who mistreated them.

Living on the Edge

Since Renegades exist on the fringes of Restless society,

they face problems most wraiths don't. When you spend most |

of your time dodging Hierarchy patrols and trying to accom-
plish a goal that is not shared by the majority of other wraiths,
you rarely have the luxury of complete relaxation or of choos-
ing your friends.

Whatever Renegades think of the Legions, they do per-
form a needed service by patrolling and keeping order in Hi-
erarchy areas. Their presence keeps Spectral incursions to a
minimum and promotes order among the Restless in their
purview. Renegade enclaves must rely on their own patrols to
perform these two duties, yet the patrols are often more con-
cerned with spotting incoming Legionnaires than with watch-
ing for Spectres or halting vicious fighting among the other


wraiths in their territory. Consequently, Passions run hotter
and Shadows lurk closer to the surface in Renegade commu-
nities, making them potential powder kegs waiting for the
metaphorical — and often inevitable — spark.

Choosing one's friends (or non enemies) isn't very easy
for Renegades either. Many other Renegade gangs are guar-
anteed to be diametrically opposed to any given group, mak-
ing it impossible to set up mutual assistance deals or a sharing
of wealth. Lacking access to the kinds of materiel and tute-
lage in Arcanoi the Hierarchy boasts, many gangs must go
hat-in-hand to the various Guilds for what they want. Thus,
they become tools in inter-Guild squabbles as they are asked
to perform certain actions in return for the Guild's help. Oc-
casionally, the Guilds simply want a lot of oboli, meaning
Renegades have to come up with the wealth somehow. Since
they exist on the fringes, Renegade methods of acquiring
money are rarely pretty. Some gangs find that they need to
make deals with Heretics, corrupt Legionnaires, certain
supernaturals in the Skinlands and even Spectres if they want
to survive. Then again, nobody said bringing down the em-
pire would be easy.

Showing a Protit

Some gangs need money to pay their so-called friends for
favors or services, others don't care about political aims; they're
just in it for the money. Whichever reason informs their need
for turning a profit, gangs use several different methods to
gain oboli. Some are detailed below:

e Argos Use and Instruction

While few Restless look anywhere other than Pardoners
for Castigation, they often have need of other Arcanoi they
would rather keep secret from the Legions. Though the Guilds
have the upper hand in this regard, they are sometimes less
than willing to expose themselves to danger by acknowledg-
ing their skill in certain areas. That opens the door for Ren-
egades to sell their own skills.

Gangs reap large profits from using their Arcanoi to as-
sist other Restless and make even greater ones through teach-
ing the lesser arts to other wraiths. Renegade gangs often con-
tain members who excel at Argos and who know many secret

— _ \
UZZA" _"e

eee,

ee at),

se
Ne)
be
pa
of
ga
dc

Ta
ac

Tl
ga
Tl

wl
th
go
to
ha

tre
te

fe

I

Us for
ney re
need

toners
ri they
uilds
es less
ledg-

r Ren-

to as-
teach-
Pn con-
secret

or secondary transport routes not usually patrolled by Hierar-
chy troops. Renegades often ferry other Restless along these
routes, occasionally also acting as bodyguards at the same time.
Ina pinch, a Renegade may even serve to Castigate another
Restless or use the Arcanos to hold Spectres at bay. Some
Restless hire Renegades to carry messages to their loved ones
in the Skinlands using Embody. More prefer to learn the skill,
however, fearing that their secrets may be bandied about by
indiscreet Renegades.

At least one Renegade gang makes most of its oboli by
i selling the foreknowledge of its Fatalism practitioners, and
: some groups do quite well bartering the services of their mem-
bers with Keening talent. On a more earthy note, many wraiths
pay to keep their Fetters safe — either because Renegades
offer to monitor the Fetter and keep it safe or because the
gang hits the wraiths up for "protection money" so the gang
doesn't harm the Fetter itself. There are a great many Spooks
in this particular racket, though the Spooks' Guild itself looks
rather harshly on anyone muscling in on one of its favorite
activities.
* Theft, Slaving and Other Thriving Practices

Why pay for something when you can steal it instead?
This particular philosophy is so universal among Renegade
gangs it hardly needs to be stated. From Artifacts to relics to
Thralls, Renegades feel it is almost their civic duty to take
whatever the Hierarchy doesn't have nailed down (and a few
things it does have nailed down). Though most of the wealth
goes to the gangs themselves, in areas where they are trying
to build trust, some of the goods may find their way into the
hands of influential local wraiths. More often, however, such
treasures are earmarked as bribes or as payment to Guilds for
teaching or favors rendered.

The most popular forms of theft involve liberating other
wraiths. Many gangs see this as a primary duty in any case,
feeling that enslaving and soul-forging intelligent beings is
repulsive. Each soul these freedom fighters liberate weakens
the Hierarchy and creates another potential Renegade. Some
Restless even pay Renegade gangs to rescue friends taken to
the forges or arrested by Legionnaires.

A less altruistic version of "liberation" occurs when a gang
steals Thralls or Legionnaire prisoners in order to sell them
elsewhere. Despite PR to the contrary, wraiths being trans-
ported to punishment are rarely rescued by do-gooders who
release them. Almost 90% of all shipment hijackings are done
ty professional slavers. Unless the unfortunate prisoners cap-
ted thus can prove that they might be useful to their cap-
tors, they are hauled off and sold to the highest bidder, be
those Legionnaires, Heretics or even Spectres.

Often, however, slavers don't bother with hijacking car-
goes, instead choosing to gather victims on their own.
Whether through sweeps of unprotected neighborhoods or
through Reaping unprotected Enfants, slavers always manage

to gather a cargo for sale. Through slaving, wraiths have three
main ways of making profits: They get good prices for the
slaves they actually sell, they take payments from wraiths not
to include them in sweeps (in effect taking protection money
to let the wraith go) and they sometimes accept payment to

kidnap other wraith's enemies and sell them as slaves. There

are a couple of dangers to those who treat with the slavers,
however. Most Restless fail to consider the idea that if the
Renegade's conscience isn't bothered by trafficking in slaves,
he's likely to take the protection money, then turn around
and take the protectee, too. The same goes for paying a slaver
to capture an enemy; there's always the chance the hired guns

will take the wraith's money, grab the target and then come »

back for the one who paid them. That way the slavers get
paid and still grab two slaves instead of one. Despite the old
saying, there's no honor among thieves.

¢ Other Money Makers

Aside from selling their knowledge of Arcanoi, Renegades
sometimes sell their expertise in other areas. They might act
as guides through areas the Hierarchy doesn't control, teach
other wraiths mundane skills they possess, serve as muscle or
act as go-betweens in negotiations. Sometimes Renegades
even act as information brokers. A few gangs charge for using
their hideouts for secret meetings, though renting one's base
out is considered the height of stupidity by many. Some clever
Renegades have even sold access to their Shadows, offering
themselves as "practice dummies" for up and coming Pardon-
ers. Anything individual Renegades can do is a potential
source of cash for their gangs.

Arcanoi for Renegades

A few Renegade uses for existing Arcanos arts have al- ;

ready been mentioned. Those detailed below were developed
by Renegades specifically to aid their particular practices. The
inventors of these new arts aren't sure if the Guilds have
tumbled to them yet or not, but assume that if they could fig-
ure these tricks out, so can the real experts. On the other
hand, some Renegades are arrogant enough to think they know

better than the Guilds (after all, even though they are rarely ;

as numerous or well-equipped, they go toe-to-toe with the
Legions on a daily basis).

Castigate

ee Bolster

Bolster allows the Renegade to harden himself against
interrogation. Through harnessing the power of his own
Shadow, the wraith can use his Angst to fuel his own anger
and determination to resist. A major danger in using this
Arcanos is that it greatly strengthens the Shadow and may

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution

GiB

OT ES

Da


enable it to initiate Catharsis. However, most Renegades in
the hands of Hierarchy interrogators figure that losing con-
trol to their Shadows can't be any worse than the alternative.

System: Somewhat like the power of Coax, Bolster re-
sults in extra dice (Shadow Dice) being offered to the player.
The Shadowguide may offer as many dice as it has points of
Angst. The player rolls Charisma + Castigate and for each
success may choose to either modify the number (lowering
how many are offered) or may demand as many more dice as
she has successes. Each die can be used only once and then
only to resist the effects of interrogation. Thus, if the ques-
tioners ask the wraith six questions and the player has six
dice, she may use one per question to help her resist answer-
ing, or she may use as many on any one question as she wishes.
Once used, however, those dice are gone.

If the successes are used to garner dice the Shadowguide
doesn't actually have to offer (i.e, to go above the Angst the
Shadow possesses), the Shadow automatically gains a perma-
nent Angst whenever the interrogation is over. The wraith
gains one Angst for each use of Bolster in any case.

—_

Keening

ee Distraction

Though of use in many situations, this art is most often used
by Renegades to throw barghests off the scent. In essence, the
wraith hums or whistles an insidiously distracting tune that in-
terferes with the whistles barghests are used to obeying. Pitched
at a tone only the barghest can hear, the tune bothers the hound,
confusing it and making it difficult for the hunter to track.
Barghests exposed to Distraction often turn in circles, lie down
and refuse to move or scratch wildly at their ears. As barghests
are often paired, the distraction of one often serves to enrage the
other. Barghest dogfights have been known to follow. Some Ren-
egades are now seeking tones that will discomfit Legionnaires in
the same fashion.

System: This art requires a Manipulation + Keening roll
(difficulty 7). The number of successes indicates the number
of turns the target barghest is distracted. A failure means the
target cannot be affected by another use of Distraction that
day, while a botch causes the target to zero in on the Arcanos-
user immediately.

Distraction costs one Pathos.

age RV
ZAP) i

th
kr

ac

pu
sc
ed

to
go

ot OD

-

C

The ability detailed below is most appropriate for a Pol,
though any Renegade might possess it. Bear in mind that
knowing Publishing doesn't mean that you automatically have
access to everything necessary to use that Knowledge.

Publishing

The Publishing Knowledge is a working knowledge of
publishing and the process necessary to go from a manu-
script to a finished book, pamphlet or newspaper. Skill in
editing (for both content and grammar) and a sense of how
to present the material to enhance its effect on the reader
go hand-in-hand with knowledge of how to produce the
material components (wraiths Moliated into paper sheets
— usually captured Legionnaires) and etch print into them.

It must be noted that printing in the Underworld is ex-
traordinarily expensive. Most publicity-minded Renegades are
content, for reasons of economy, to encourage mortals to print

' fliers suited to their needs, then destroy them so as to create

relics.
(For more information on printing in the Underworld,
see The Book of Legions, p. 83)

e Novice: with some effort you can publish
a readable one-sheet news flash.

ee Practiced: Your expertise extends to mak-
ing double-sided triple fold pamphlets.

©@@ Competent: By employing a modicum of
good equipment, you can produce eight-page folios with ex-
cellent word choices and eye-catching graphics.

@eee Expert: Even using antiquated equip-
ment, you are able to create solid, interesting (and some-
times inflammatory) newspapers or books.

@@@ © © Master: Hearst had nothing on you. Other
Restless eagerly await your influential and professional publica-
tions.

Possessed by: Intellectual Renegades, Manifesto Writ-
ers, Stygian Historians

Specialties: Broadsides, One Sheets, Ponderous Tomes

ores,

Companion Group

Most Renegades have no qualms about meddling in Skinland
affairs; for them, the Dictum Mortuum is just another rule to break.
Some of these Restless go so far as to maintain or acquire close
contact with an entire group of like-minded Quick. A wraith
who cultivates such an alliance gains several benefits (along with
a few accompanying drawbacks) from her close association with ":
the Skinlands group. The nature of the group depends on the «
wraith's preferences; a politically motivated Renegade may at-
tach herself to a cell of revolutionaries or the local chapter of an
environmentalist group, while an Outlaw might choose a biker
or street gang. The wraith might have belonged to her compan-
ion group in life, though in some cases, such groups are acquired
after death.

Companion groups are automatically attuned to the wraith
associated with them, acting as Consorts for the purposes of
Arcanoi such as Puppetry or Embody (if the wraith knows such
Arcanoi; the Background doesn't grant such knowledge auto-
matically). This power extends to five members of the group per
dot possessed (i.e., with two dots in this Background, the power
potentially affects 10 members). In addition, if the group has a
headquarters, the wraith may Materialize or use other Arcanoi
in that site as if it were a Haunt.

On the down side, wraiths who choose this Background of-
ten find that their groups make frequent demands on their time
and abilities.

ad A small, innocuous gang.

ee A medium-sized group with a recognizable
leader. i

eee A largish gang with a local reputation (biker
gang, computer hackers club).

@@ee A good sized group that commands some
respect on a statewide or national level (MADD, environ- \' §
mentalist concern). .

@@©08A respected or feared organization, either —
one with considerable firepower or with an international repu-

tation (Greenpeace, NRA, CIA).

Chapter Four: Making the Revolution

2 orn aa me mee aes

9

New Archetypes

n 4
ranatic

The Fanatic goes beyond merely believing in a cause.
Every action she takes, every word she utters is calculated
to be meaningful to and advance her cause, whatever it is.
Anything might be the focus of the Fanatic's attention,
from a love affair to achieving Transcendence to bringing
about the Revolution. Though the Fanatic focuses her ef-
forts on her chosen obsession, she can work for other goals
so long as they ultimately serve her aims. Unlike the Mar-
tyr, the Fanatic rarely throws herself into the front lines of
battle; she is better at persuading others to do so. Those
who do not fit in with her plans or aid her cause hold no
interest for her.

— Regain Willpower whenever you accomplish a goal
which substantially advances your chosen cause.

Renegades

ee

| LEIF JONES 1996 Q
ew Shadow Archetyne

The following Shadow Archetype is one which primarily

shows up in Renegades, perhaps because it is so devastating to
their cause. Of all Shadow Archetypes a Renegade could have,

the Informer is one of the most dangerous.

Informer

Sly, patient and silent, the Informer watches every-
thing you do, filing away the information to be brought
out at leisure — and the worst possible time. Not content
merely to reveal your deepest secrets, the Informer revels
in telling anyone who will listen every secret you know
about others and anything your Circle or gang is supposed
to keep quiet. Naturally, the Informer masquerades as you
while doing so, making it appear that it's your choice. While
the Informer keeps his existence a secret from everyone
else, he taunts you with his accomplishments — and the
consequences you're likely to pay for them.

VK DL PKA 75a 0K KINKY KALIAX SS


Nerits and Flaws
Batver Mouth (I point Flaw

You don't know the meaning of the word secret. It's not that
you intentionally mean to leak information; you just can't help
telling folks what you know. Anytime you possess potentially dam-
aging knowledge, you must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7)
toavoid blurting out your information — regardless of who might
be listening.

(onto Freak (2 point Flaw)

Like the worst of micromanagers, you just can't stand to del-
egate authority. If something needs to be done, you must either do it
yourself or watch whoever else performs the action — often adding
your advice and critique in the process. Whether this is the result of
caring too much, distrust of others' abilities or simple nervousness,
the result is the same: You end up trying to be everywhere at once
and your compatriots resent your constant interference. Whenever a
task needs to be done, you must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7)
toavoid trying to take over.

imarily
ating to
d have,

every-
rought
ontent
revels
know
pposed
as you
While
eryone

nd the

inspired Orator

Net Mi Fe eg
Mag Ne Me

aD

point Merit}

You have a special talent for getting your point across and

inspiring others with your speeches. All Expression rolls that in- yy

volve speechmaking are reduced in difficulty by two.

Unremarkable (I point Merit

There's just something about you that makes you utterly
forgettable. Either you look like a lot of other Restless or your
manner simply doesn't attract attention. No one notices you
without making an effort to do so; you just blend into the
crowd. While some people might find this annoying, for a
Renegade on the run, enforced anonymity can be a blessing.
On the other hand, the sheer blandness of your presence can
make things difficult if you're trying to attract new recruits
through your inspired oratory. Unless you make a concerted
effort and take extreme measures to counter the Merit's ef-
fect, most people simply pass you by, dismissing your presence
along with whatever you have to say.

Note: This Merit cannot be disabled, even temporarily, with
the effects of Moliate. Once you're Unremarkable, you're Unre-
markable forever.

sel

elect:
wa
Pe

Cini,

abe

ts,

LN

ae FIM
foe =

AE


|

si

Py.
fi ve
WI LNWSS

awek

SEO), Oy i

ae La
=)

YN

'

"

|

f:

f

wes
od n
*
<w, ats
7 ae!
‘ a ene
* :
.

ne

$8 oc ¥ Chey
oie \) f

ae)

e
Pee i,
47 roe

.)
~~
ee

~~
>>>

avi

Gj
KA

MAL If

x\

|

|

URN (NT

"SAR le

gse.-. -
\ de aa 7 ee

~ eh
"Ber was \_\
BO SoC A teehee

Veen, "oe

io

AN

make {

come f
multi-f
— just
Tt
guideli
Second
chronic

(re

Alt

j the sam
f special |


Character Creation and Storytelling for Renegades

o two Renegades are alike. Creating a
wraith for play in a Renegade chronicle
involves more than just filling a sheet of
paper with point-purchased dots. The
rebels who plague the Hierarchy should
be more than slogan-mouthing hotheads,
opportunistic outlaws or Skinriding hoo-
ligans. While all of these stereotypes can
| make for valid Renegade characters, better character concepts
+ come from transcending the stereotype. It's more fun to portray a
} multi-faceted individual who acts from numerous motivations
; —just like the people around you.

This chapter serves two purposes. First, it presents a series of
| guidelines to help in the process of creating a Renegade wraith.
- Second, it provides some ideas for Storytellers on how to run a
| chronicle set on the wrong side of the Hierarchy.

eating a Renegade

Although the process of Renegade character creation is
| the same as that presented in Wraith: The Oblivion, some
F special considerations need to be taken into account to re-

flect the unique feel of wraiths who don't fall in line with the
Legions. Before you start apportioning points to your potential
Renegade's Attributes and Abilities, take a few minutes to think
about just what kind of person you want to play. By beginning
with the intangible, immeasurable qualities that make up a
character's personality and motivate her actions, you ensure that
your Renegade stands out from the crowd.

Memorable characters make memorable stories. Long after
plots and scenes are forgotten, your friends will remember the
stuttering revolutionary with a lover on the other side of the
Shroud or the callous black marketer who's a sucker for a good
sob story. So put away your character sheet for a little while and
concentrate on the real essentials.

Choosing a Concept

What is your Renegade all about? The best characters
revolve around an overriding concept, a basic idea that serves
to unify all the elements that help comprise her as an indi-
vidual. This concept is the heart of your wraith. It motivates
her, focuses her actions and gives meaning to her existence.

Some concepts work better for Renegades than others
do. In most cases, conformists and authoritarians don't fit the
Renegade mold (at least not without a lot of tweaking). For
the most part, Renegade characters reflect concepts that

Chapter five: The Soul of a Renegade

<E:

a
Le

BP OES

ox

ae


\\\ Sa,

( AA TUS
NR

qe ee)

ne ~

-

encourage dissension, individual thinking, love of freedom or
hatred of tyranny.

Wraith suggests that you settle on a character concept by
answering three questions: Who were you in life? What caused
your death? What holds you to the Shadowlands as a wraith?
Renegade characters need to answer a fourth question: Why did
you become a Renegade? Your answers should give you a pretty
good idea about your wraith.

Alternately, you can start with a visual image — a mental
picture of the character you want to play. Picture a young woman
ina leather jacket and faded jeans; she slumps over a barricade of
barbed wire and wrecked cars. In one hand she clutches a jagged
rock; her shirt is bloody from the bullet wound that killed her.
This is your wraith character in her final performance on the
stage of life.

Now fill in the details of the picture. Was the woman a stu-
dent revolutionary, a professional agitator or just a kid from the
streets? What was she doing before she was killed? Did she help
build the barricade or was she just attracted to it by the excite-
ment of a riot? Did the bullet come from a soldier's rifle or was
she killed by "friendly fire?" Was the barricade located in the
streets of Los Angeles or Sarajevo? Does she own that leather
jacket, was it stolen from someone or had she borrowed it from
her lover? You get the idea.

e 7 - - aan ;
= che SHIT re

=

Pri d)

Another possibility to consider is whether or not your char-
acter started out as a revolutionary and simply continued her
practice of defying authority after death. Was she a dyed-in-the-
wool rebel before she died, or did she become a Renegade after
experiencing the oppression of the Hierarchy?

A fast-track corporate executive whose conscience revolts
against the practice of keeping Thralls or smelting souls might
decide to turn his back on the system and join the Renegades. A
classical musician nailed by the Hierarchy for Skinriding the first
violinist of the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra might decide that
she prefers unlife as a Renegade (with the freedom to visit the
Skinlands to her heart's content) to an eternity of boredom cut
off from the music she loves. Don't be afraid to push the enve-
lope. Renegades are made, not born.

Finally, you need some idea why your character has remained
in the Shadowlands after death. What still holds your Renegade
to the Skinlands? Does she still follow the progress of her com-
rades in their fight for freedom? Did she leave behind a lover or
family who still mourn her, or who believe she died uselessly or
stupidly? Does she harbor a desire to get back at whoever or what-
ever caused her death? Wraiths are defined by their unfinished
business; you need to know what your Renegade still needs to
do.

Once you have the answers to these questions, you can
begin fleshing out the personality of your Renegade.

to
va
frc

yo

at
Tec
Or

ch

for

s2eSe
steve

a URS TOL

sriral
a a
ae

ESfilte

ABE SE

olts

5A
irst

hat

hed

s to

can

ae le Sete

Standard Archetypes with a Renegade Twist

¢ Architect: Concern for what kind of society will take the place of the Stygian Empire after the Revolution moti-

Vates Vour actions.

¢ Avant-Garde: The Hierarchy is boring; the only place where excitement and creativity flourish is among the

Renegades.

¢ Bon Vivant: Your rebellion is focused on flaunting the Code of the Dead. You want to have fun in spite of what the

Hierarchy savs.

¢ Bravoz You oppose the Hierarchy, but that doesn't make you a pleasant person to be around; the Renegades need

muscle and vou fit the bill.

¢ Bureaucrat: The Revolution will take place on schedule and in an orderly fashion; you'll see to that.

¢ Caregiver: Your compassion and concern for your tellow wraiths has turned you against the soulless bureaucracy

of the Hierarchy. You find love within the Revolution.

¢ Child: You're still a child at heart. Ifthe Hierarchy won't give you what you want, you'll take your toys and go play

with the Renegades

* Conniver: Even as a Renegade, vou look for the easy out in every situation.

¢ Critic: You've thrown vour lot in with the Renegades, but they're far from perfect. You make that known to others

every chance vou vet.

¢ Explorer: The thrill of discovering new places and making new contacts makes vou invaluable to the Renegades.

© Follower: You're content to follow vour leaders. Every revolution needs foot soldiers, after all.

¢ Gambler: An inveterate taker of risks, you hang with the Renegades just to beat the odds on survival.

¢ Jester: You supply a much-needed jolt of humor to those around you by poking fun at everything — including the

Revolut lon.

* Leader: You're a take-charge person; even the most fanatical Renegades need leaders like you to point them in the

right direction.

¢ Martyr: Selt-sacrifice is the highest form of service to your cause, and you expect appreciation for your effort.

¢ Mediator: You are the voice of concord in the sea of discordant Renegades.

¢ Rebel: Some Renegades may be made, not born, but not you. Fight the power!

* Scientist: You approach the Renegades as a field of study, testing their ideas and tactics with scientific rigor.

° Survivor: Over and above your loyalty to the Renegades, you have a commitment to yourself to make it through

whatever happens.

¢ Traditionalist: Even revolutions have their traditions, and you uphold them.

° Visionary: The Renegades embody vour dreams for a better afterlife.

The Archetype Game

Archetypes provide convenient "personality packages"
to wrap around your wraith. Wraith: The Oblivion and its
various supplements give a selection of Archetypes to choose
from, or, if you don't find anything suitable, you can design
your own Archetype.

Some Archetypes may be more appropriate than others,
at least for a Renegade character. Few Renegades have Bu-
reaucrat, Follower, Scientist or Traditionalist as their Natures
or Demeanors. On the other hand, Archetypes such as Ar-
chitect, Critic, Leader, Martyr and Visionary are ideal choices
for prototypical rebels.

Almost any Archetype can, with some careful adjust-
ments, serve as the basis for creating a viable Renegade, even

those that don't automatically seem to suggest a rebel or pro-
tester. After all, not all Renegades seek the overthrow of the
Hierarchy. Some just want to have fun, while others buck the
system for pragmatic reasons.

The woman on the barricade might have been a Vision-
ary who believed that armed struggle was the only way to cre-
ate a truly free society. On the other hand, maybe her
Caregiver Nature led her to the barricade to protect a child
who had accidentally strayed into the midst of a full-scale
riot. Maybe she was always a Rebel and cared less about what
the cause was than about her opportunity to express her an-
ger at authority in general.

Remember, sometimes the least appropriate Archetypes
make the most interesting characters. Here's where it becomes
possible for your character to have a Follower Nature or De-

Chapter five: The Soul of a Renegade 99

ms,
ne,

re
ww

errata

rant
ete

aaawers

bg

pan
hat
4

oe


meanor. If your wraith followed the rules all her life and then
discovered that her death had not freed her from that hum-
drum existence, she might very well join the Renegades out
of sheer frustration. Obviously, she wouldn't start out as a
leader, but her Follower attitude might make her a valuable
addition to a Renegade gang unused to the novelty of some-
one actually following orders without questioning. Besides,
just because an individual typically conforms to authority
doesn't mean that she can't become so disillusioned by the
insensitivity and systematic brutality of a system that she
"snaps," and becomes a revolutionary. Of course, once within
her new society, she may very well revert to her old behavior
patterns, following her new leaders as rigidly as she followed
her old ones.

Sometimes choosing opposing Natures and Demeanors
can create a satisfactory tension within a Renegade charac-
ter. The inherent conflict between a Follower's instincts and
a Caregiver's conscience can make for some intriguing
roleplaying situations.

Shadows and Shadow Archetypes

Players who are already familiar with Wraith know that
their characters also have to contend with their Shadows, the
dark side of every wraith's personality. Renegades' Shadows
can be especially tricky and subversive. A character whose
Psyche reacts according to her Visionary Nature changes dras-
tically in terms of her usefulness to her gang when her Freak
Shadow takes control. On the other hand, a Renegade with a
Leader Demeanor may not undergo an obvious change when
her Director Shadow emerges — at least not until her orders
begin to resemble those given by a despot.

When choosing a Shadow Archetype for your Renegade
character, try to anticipate how that alter ego will interact
with its Psyche. Not all Shadows automatically attempt to
betray their Psyches to the Hierarchy (although the Informer
Archetype described in Chapter Four may very well turn
state's-evidence if the opportunity arises). Some seek to ruin
their Psyches' effectiveness, trash their reputations, make them
squirm or drive them into the arms of Oblivion without de-
lay. Storytellers should participate in their players' selection
of Shadow Archetypes at least peripherally, so that a chronicle
does not bog down with too many Pushers, Monsters or Freaks.

History

The history of your Renegade character can go a long
way toward shaping her thoughts and actions. Times mold
individuals, and the effects of the period in which your Ren-
egade lived affect her behavior, mores, style of dress and what-

eo 5 pO oa

"A en ) . Y/, ‘ yy *

; . ¢
even ' WY QT a

their times. Renegades who lived through the countercultural
revolutions of the 1960s react differently to stimuli than do
those who come from the economic and political uprisings of
the 1980s and ‘90s.

If you are new to Wraith and your Renegade character is
your first ever, it is probably less trouble to play an individual
who is, herself, a newcomer to the society of the Underworld.
In most cases, this means that your Renegade comes from the
recent past. The last three decades provide plenty of options
for creating possible Renegades. You might choose a member
of the Free Speech movement of the 1960s, a draft-dodger
from the Vietnam war that straddled the ‘60s and ‘70s, or a
Cuban revolutionary. If you prefer playing a hard-core politi-
cal revolutionary or an outright terrorist, you need look no
further than the unrest in the Middle East or the Canadian
French separatist movement. Renegade characters from the
last 15 years may have participated in the fall of the Berlin
Wall or the dismantling of the Soviet Union and its violent
repercussions in Eastern Europe. The struggle for Civil Rights
that peaked in the 1960s and 1970s opened the way for a
dozen "rights" movements, all of which serve as spawning
grounds for fledgling Renegades.

Blasts from the Past

Renegades and rebels come from every period of history. If
you decide you want to play a historically-based Renegade, the
possibilities are almost limitless.

The empires of the Macedonians, Athenians, Romans and
other ancient cultures provided fruitful backgrounds for rebel-
lion and sedition. Renegades who come from that slice of history
might be participants in slave revolts or simply people who died
resisting conquest by Philip of Macedon or Caesar Augustus.

Renegades from the Dark Ages might come from any of the
warring barbarian tribes that spread across Europe in the wake of
Rome's fall. Bandits proliferated during the early Middle Ages,
defying attempts to maintain order in a fractious and fragile world.
A soul accustomed to such chaos may have little use for the struc-
tures and forms of the Stygian Empire, or may cling to them asa
symbol of security.

The late Middle Ages marked the rise of the merchant class
and the beginnings of peasant uprisings. As the rights of the in-
dividual assumed greater importance during the Renaissance and
Enlightenment, so too did instances of resistance to concepts
such as the divine right of kings. Ghosts from this period might
well see the rigid class structure and mythologized underpinnings
of the Hierarchy as a darker echo of what they fought against in
life.

The American and French Revolutions of the 18th century
provide ideal backgrounds for Renegades of all kinds, from fire-
brands to constitutionalists. In the 19th century, revolutions and
uprisings sought to do away with outdated forms of rulership
and institute experiments in populist or representative gov-

< oO ee eX Om OM

Nn

go 9 © << et

emment. The unification of both Germany and Italy came
about in part through a series of rebellions. The American
Civil War, with its ideological overtones lends itself well as a
background for Rebel and Union deserters, black marketers
and desperadoes — Renegades all.

The first half of the 20th century contained two world
wars, the Russian Revolution and economic riots. Renegades
from this time period might be conscientious objectors, parti-
sans, union leaders or Marxist idealists.

Putting on the Style

If you decide to play a historical Renegade, a little re-
search can go a long way toward making that character
believable. Unless you are — or someone in your troupe is
—astickler for historical accuracy, you don't have to know
everything about your Renegade's chosen time period. On
the other hand, you should know something about what
you're pretending to be. Just a few juicy details can make
all the difference between a realistic Bolshevik revolution-
ary and a late-20th century hothead with a fake Russian
accent.

Read a book about your characters' particular revolu-
tion or uprising. Historical fiction provides a readily ac-

cessible way to absorb the feel of a time while at the same
time gaining ideas about how to play characters from that
period. Children's history books also offer concise and in-
teresting information without going into more detail than
you'll need. Films that take place during your chosen pe-
riod can help you visualize your character, as well as giving
you ideas for dress and custom.

As an example, suppose you want to play an Irish rebel
who participated in the Easter Rebellion of 1916. You might
want to read Leon Uris' Trinity to gain an idea of what life
was like in Ireland during that time period. To add a more
immediate, visceral feel to your character, you might con-
sider watching Michael Collins, a film which begins with
the Easter Rebellion but which goes on to tell the story of
one of the founders of the original IRA. Read one book,
watch one movie, and you've got enough background for
one hell of a Renegade character.

Changing with the Times

If you are creating your historical Renegade for a Wraith
chronicle that takes place in the present, there are a few other
factors to consider. First of all, how has your character sur-
vived in the years since his arrival in the Shadowlands. Has
he spent time as a Thrall or in Legions? Has he always worked

Chapter five: The Soul of a Renegade

eee


for the Renegades or has it taken him a long time to redis-
cover his talent for revolution?

Although historical characters may hold onto many aspects
of their era, they also adapt to the changes around them. How
does your centuries-old Renegade deal with the trappings of the
modern world? Does he embrace new technology or shun it as a
work of the Devil? Imagine how a Renegade who assisted Paul
Revere might react when introduced to the wonders of comput-
ers. Think about how new and old might combine to produce a
character with an old mindset and a host of new skills.

Personality

Once you have established your Renegade's concept and
her place in history, give some more thought to her personality.
Go back to those Archetypes you chose in the early stages of
creating your character.

Archetypes are broad generalizations of personality. A Leader
can be a ruthless, dictatorial individual or a gentle persuader who
leads through suggestion rather than command. A Caregiver may
smother those in her charge by an excess of compassion, or she
might administer to the well-being of her friends in a quiet, mat-
ter-of-fact manner. Bravos can specialize in physical or verbal
abuse, while Martyrs may suffer in silence — or not.

Other factors contribute to your Renegade's personality.
Make a list of things your character likes and dislikes, her favor-
ite songs or poems and her preferred forms of relaxation.

Temperament also affects a character's personality. Decide
whether your Renegade is excitable, rash, short-tempered, pa-
tient, methodical or long-suffering. Then decide how these quali-
ties manifest themselves in your character, and whether or not
they affect her place in the Renegade faction.

Gory Detail

Finally, decide whether or not your character possesses
any special characteristics that fall outside the categories al-
ready discussed. Is she double-jointed, or does she have a fear
of loud noises? If your Storyteller allows you to choose Merits
and Flaws for your character, this is the time to decide what
kind of eccentricities help or hinder your Renegade.

nally, the Dots

Now that you have a fully realized Renegade character,
it's time to pull out the character sheet and start filling in
those dots. By this time you should have a good idea of your
character's strengths and weaknesses, and you should know
what Abilities are appropriate for her. The process for spend-
ing points for a Renegade character is the same as the one
outlined in the main rulebook for Wraith; just make sure you
spend your points on a skill set that a rebel, rather than a
Hierarchy member, is likely to possess.

Renegades

i e's oo

SL CRN
elie - » 2

Views of the Revolution

Even though Renegades agree on their opposition to
the Hierarchy, most Renegades have different ideas for
what they would like to see in its place. Some of the com-
mon forms of revolutionary governments are:

¢ Democracy: Pure democracies involve government
by the majority, with cach citizen having an equal say in
political decisions. Democratic systems provide a healthy
exchange of ideas but are often unwieldy in action, not to
mention potentially fraught with corruption.

¢ Republicanism: Republics evolve from democra-
cies. Citizens choose representatives to cast their votes
for them. This type of government makes decision-mak-
ing easier for the society as a whole, but reduces indi-
vidual freedom for its citizens.

¢ Communism: The principle behind communist
forms of government is that all citizens should share
equally in the profits and the responsibilities of their so-
ciety. Communism seeks to do away with classes and ar-
bitrary divisions within society, making everyone equally
prosperous or equally underprivileged. It is a great theory,
but it tends to fall apart when put into practice. (Angry
letters about whether or not Communism is a good idea
should be directed to Lenin's Tomb, not us capitalist run-
ning dogs here at White Wolf.)

© Socialism: Socialism puts the good of society be-
fore the good of the individual. Each citizen in a socialist
vovernment is expected to subordinate her personal de-
sires to the greater good. Too often, socialism falls prey
to ambitious [eaders who dictate the definition of the
greater good. In the best of situations, however, social-
ism provides for the basic necessities of the population.
It has also been called the "welfare state" by its critics.

¢ Syndicalism: Syndicalism consists of government
by special interest groups. In some ways, it becomes rule
by committee. Lobbying and trading of favors runs ram-
pant in syndicalist societies. Syndicalism's inherent weak-
ness is that decisions too often come about in closed bar-
vaining sessions, and no one is ever really satisfied with
the compromised, and sometimes arbitrary, results.

¢ Anarchy: At its simplest, anarchy is the complete
lack of government. Rules don't exist, and no one makes
decisions for anyone other then herself. Thus, it can be a
recipe for unadulterated freedom or institutionalized
chaos, depending on your perspective. Most anarchist
societies disintegrate within a few years, to be replaced
by some other form of (often repressive and reactionary)
government.


be-
list
de-
rey
the
rial-

ion.

Ics.
nent
rule
ram-
eak-
bar-

with

plete
mikes
rhea
thized
chist
laced

nary)

Renegade Faction

Now that you have your Renegade character, you need
to place her in a group context. Which of the four major
factions within the Renegades best suits your character?

Hard-core revolutionaries, systematic insurgents,
advocators of violent uprisings, activists, agitators and mili-
tant or paramilitary Renegades most likely belong with the
Pols, the hard-core political dissidents of the Underworld.
Visionaries and proponents of change without violence fit
the profile of the Idealists (or Dealers). Criminals, fugi-
tives, outcasts, deserters and profiteers fall naturally into
the Outlaw faction, while Renegades who simply want the
freedom to be themselves without interference from a pesky
and restrictive bureaucracy belong to the Drop-Outs.

The faction you choose for your Renegade provides
the overall outlook for your character. Pols tend to be fo-
cused on revolution, while Dealers are more concerned with
smaller — though no less significant — changes. Outlaws
are Renegades without the politics, while Drop-Outs, in

many cases, have neither politics nor ideals. All of them,
however, are Renegades.

Prelude

Once you have all these steps under your belt, it's time
for the Prelude. This is your wraith's personal story, one
which begins shortly before her death in the Skinlands and
climaxes with her introduction to the Shadowlands and
Renegade society.

The main rulebook for Wraith gives information on
how to run a Prelude, including several methods of bridg-
ing the gap between character creation and the beginning
of a story. For a Renegade, the Prelude might involve not
only her death and passage across the Shroud but also the
events that lead up to her joining the Renegades. This time
might include a period as a Thrall, a daring rescue by a
gang of Renegades, or a successful career within the Hier-
archy that results in gradual disillusionment and ultimately,
rejection. During the Prelude, you and the Storyteller have
the chance to test out your Renegade to see if she flies as
is, or if she needs some adjusting to make her playable in a
group. Most importantly, however, a Prelude serves as a
way to introduce your character to her Renegade gang with-
out actually having to play through all the steps of getting
agang together. By the time all the characters have expe-
rienced their Preludes, the players and the Storyteller
should all have a fair idea of how the individuals relate to
one another and to the group as a whole.

Renegades most often act in groups, called gangs. These

collections of wraiths provide mutual protection and support

for one another. In addition, several wraiths working together
can achieve more than the same number of wraiths laboring
alone. Renegades of every faction have some kind of agenda
or purpose; gangs help them achieve their goals.

Types of Gane

Depending on which faction your Renegade character
belongs to, her gang should reflect certain structural traits.
Some of the basic divisions of gangs are discussed in Chapter
Two. Here are a few more approaches to designing a gang.

Cells, Blocs, Bands and Communes

Each faction's gang-structure reflects the philosophy of
that faction. Cells, the building blocks of the Pols, tend to be
highly organized. Members of cells often assume military ranks
and discipline. Blocs, the cornerstones of the Idealist faction,
have a looser overall structure but still have some internal
structure. Bands, the preferred grouping for the Outlaws, tend
to have a leader and a bunch of followers. Communes, units
which serve to unite Drop-Outs, have little to no recogniz-
able structure but still manage to function with reasonable
efficiency.

Independents

Some Renegade gangs exist as independent entities, sub-
scribing to no faction and hewing to no party line. Indepen-
dent gangs tend to have a single leader who holds her posi-
tion at the pleasure of the other members. These groups of
Renegades are accountable to no one except themselves. This
freedom allows the gang a great latitude of choice as to what

activities it will participate in, but it also cuts the gang off ;

from the protection of a larger ideological faction.

Mixed Gangs

Many Renegade gangs include members from all factions
and, therefore, do not necessarily conform to the structure
common to any specific group. These gangs often come to-
gether due to circumstances. A raid may decimate several
Renegade gangs, leaving the survivors with the options of ei-
ther trying to go it alone, or joining a mixed group and trying
to find some common ground (while avoiding the Hierarchy
and pernicious internal conflict). Mixed gangs have the most
varied types of internal organization of any Renegade groups,

se FE vty,

ed

fe "5 ek BOF

cect

ECLA

soo
7

EES

at aie

aan
- :

LF
ee,

ioe

hE Ae


ie, aSf pee ‘ . \ 4 y 4005 MS
fist " s toes SY ic aaa, =

but have the advantage of having a much higher survival rate
than lone Renegades do.

¢ Leader and Followers: The most common type of
mixed gang contains a leader, who makes crucial decisions
for the group, and followers, who may contribute to the deci-
sion making process but do not assume responsibility for the
group as a whole.

¢ Cooperatives: These gangs have no visible leaders.
Instead, decisions come from consensus of all members — or
at least a quorum thereof. All members of the gang are con-
sidered equal, at least in theory. A gang like this places its
emphasis on working together, and on sharing credit for suc-
cesses as well as blame for failures.

e Anarchies: Not only do anarchist gangs have no lead-
ers, they ostracize and condemn any of their members who |
even hint at acting or speaking for the group as a whole. An- |
archists believe that all authority is inherently corrupt. De-
spite their disavowal of structure and organization, Anarchist
gangs somehow manage to survive and prosper in the

Shadowlands.

Roles |

Gangs that have some internal structure usually delegate
responsibility for specific activities to different members. Al-
though not all gangs have all the roles described below, most
gangs have at least one or two of the following:

¢ Gang Leader: This Renegade runs the show, makes
decisions, accepts responsibility (and blame) and frequently
gets the lion's share of credit for successful activities.

¢ Intelligence Specialist: This position involves gather-
ing information about enemy movements and keeping track
of events on both sides of the Shroud that might have some
bearing on the gang's well-being.

e Public Relations: Advertising a gang's exploits and
representing the gang to other factions within the Renegade
movement are the chief tasks of these officers. The wraith
holding this position also takes care of downplaying a gang's
failures and, occasionally, covering up colossal blunders so that
the gang's reputation remains intact. |

cuenerect'!

¢ Security: One of the most important positions in any
gang, Renegades charged with security have the task of pro-
tecting the gang from infiltration and attack, as well as mak-
ing certain that the group's Haunt is well-defended at all times.

ees

|
: : :
; .

¢ Scout: This gang member generally undertakes recon- SP

naissance and exploration missions, going ahead of her group | fit

to mark a safe passage through the Tempest or to find out on
how best to get from one part of a Necropolis to another withe __

out running into Hierarchy patrols. ba

m<

ple

ple

ply

aw aS ss \ a we 8 : t
el DNF O SN ZINE *
ax

¢ " .
inane —-4 - eer oh SS ee. ao
not si maei i ee IT PNT


Building a Gang from a Bunch of Wraiths

Rose has an idea tora chronicle involving Renegades in an ongoing battle with the Hierarchy of the Necropolis of Winston-
Salem, North Carolina. Her players leap at the opportunity to play a gang of rebels and set about the business of creating their
Renegade characters.

Kirst the troupe, which consists of four people, meets to discuss what sort of Renegade gang the players wish their characters
to bea part of. After arguing the pros and cons of plaving a single-faction gang such as Pols or Outlaws, they finally settle ona
mixed gang composed of wraiths — one from cach of the major Renegade factions — who share a common hatred for the
Hierarchy but aren't averse toa litthe partying and profiteering as well.

Nicole's character, a fanatic Basque revolutionary, assumes the role of gang leader. Phe other plavers concede that her
character, Luken — with his devotion to the cause of independence and his insistence on unabashed loyalty within the eroup —
makes the best overall choice for the role. Rose agrees, knowing that Nicole's goal-oriented style of playing will serve to keep the
troupe from foundering in situations which call for quick action, while her concern for letting everybody participate in the game
prevents her from hogeing the show.

Karen decides that her character Zoe, a veteran peace activist from the 1960s, should act as the gang's public relations crm

+

intelligence officer. Because Karen enjoys engaging in long "inecharacter" discussion with other characters, Rose feels that this
role will give Karen a perteet outlet for airing her opinions and interacting with the rest of the troupe. Privately, Rose makes a
note to keep Karen from inadvertenth, monopolizing roleplaying opportunities with drawn-out philosophical exchanges. Michael
volunteers Rudy, his high school dropout heavy-metal musician, as the scout for the group. Rose approves this decision, since
Michael's preference for physically oriented roleplaying can exhaust itself through challenges in navigating the Tempest and
acting as point for the gang in their forays into enemy territory.

After vetoing several of Joseph's character concepts as too extreme or otherwise unsuitable for the chronicle, Rose finally
vives her approval to her problem player's Scandinavian professional mercenary and sometime hit-man Roland, whe should act as
the gang's security officer. Rose hopes she can keep Joseph's interest in game mechanics in the background by giving Roland a lot
of "staff" to keep him busy.

Coming up with a name for the Renegade gang presents a problem until Michacl sugeests the Salem Roadrunners. It's not
the best name in the world, but everyone in the troupe agrees that they can live with it.

Over the week between the initial character creation session and the official start of the chronicle, Rose conducts brict
Preludes (one by e-mail) for cach of her plavers, bringing all the Renegades together as the newly formed gang arrives in the
Winston-Salem Necropolis.

Rose decides that each Renegade once belonged to a single-faction gang, but that Maelstroms, Hierarchy raids, attrition and
Harrowings have resulted in each of the wraiths being forced to go it alone. Brought together when they all take refuge in the
same haunt during a particularly destructive storm, the four Renegades decide that forming a partnership for mutual survival
makes more sense than continuing to go solo, Hearing that the Anacreon of the Winston-Salem Necropolis has a shaky hold on

his city, the Roadrunners make the decision to travel there and check out the possibility of instigating a takeover.

This is the decision Rose had hoped the characters would make, since it places the gang in a good spot for her to begin her

chronicle — on the outskirts of the city, gazing up at the Citadel walls and ready to do their worst.

group tactics. Assassins for the Revolution also exist as solo Ren-
egades outside standard gang structure.

iecial Cases

WAARAd

8tsh

Some Renegades fall outside the gang structure and require
special treatment from the Storyteller. These Renegades do not
fit in well with groups, but serve as viable characters for one-on-
one play or in a non Renegade chronicle.

¢ Solo Renegades: These Renegades have no gangs to fall
back on, as either their old gangs were destroyed or else they just
managed to get themselves kicked out. Solos travel from place to
place, pursuing the goals that made them Renegades in the first
place. Many of them are fugitives, ex-Hierarchy members or sim-
ply loners who can't stand being tied down to the restrictions of

ae a ne

¢ Covert Renegades: Renegades who masquerade as mem-
bers of the Hierarchy for purposes of espionage or infiltration
cannot afford the luxury of belonging to a gang. Covert Ren-
egades may, in fact, belong to a Legion patrol or a Heretic cult.
These Renegades make ideal characters for chronicles that in-
volve Hierarchy or Heretic characters as well as Renegades. In
such instances, covert Renegades simply pretend to be Legion-
naires (or Heretics or whatever), saving the Storyteller the ne-
cessity of having to go into too many contortions to explain the
presence of a Renegade character among the Legions.


Rules for Renegades

¢ Resist authority.

@ Just say "No!" — unless you they want
you to.

e Trust no one.

© Question everything, including your

leaders and the Movement.

¢ Assume the worst.

© Don't believe anything the

Hierarchy says.

¢ Don't admit to being a Renegade to any
one you don't know.

Renegade Chronicle

Running a chronicle for Renegade wraiths involves un-
derstanding the motivations of individuals whose main focus
lies in challenging authority. The following ideas for unifying
themes and story seeds are not exhaustive, but should pro-
vide some ideas for Storytellers who want to illuminate the
many sides of the Renegade movement.

Themes

Renegades stand for many things, among them free-
dom, resistance to authority, anarchy, social change, ran-
dom violence and shameless self-indulgence. Most Ren-
egade chronicles should emphasize one of these themes over
the others, but it is possible to work in several secondary
motifs to give variety and change of pace to individual sto-
ries. The following examples of themes are particularly suit-
able for Renegade chronicles.

¢ Rebellion: Almost all Renegades are rebels of one
sort or another, even those without a clear-cut focus for
their rebellion. By emphasizing the oppressive nature of
the government of the Underworld, Storytellers can push
their Renegade characters to the point of actively seeking
to upset the Hierarchy's apple cart. Stories revolving around
rebellion will subject characters to stress on many levels,
as they confront the cruelty and oppressive brutality of sa-
distic Legionnaires and callous Hierarchy administrators.

on 500

ponents of change do not seek to abolish the old order, but
rather to redeem it. Many Renegades believe that the dan-
ger presented by Oblivion warrants the need for a strong
authority in the Underworld, but they object to many prac-
tices of the current Empire of the Dead. Stories revolving
around change may emphasize subtle means of working
against the system. Renegades involved in ending the prac-
tice of Thralldom may seek to convince local Hierarchs
that there are better alternatives to the practice. Of course,
when those same Hierarchs attempt to capture the Ren-
egades and drag them away in chains, the theme of the
story may itself change — to one of rebellion or escape.

¢ Escape: The Hierarchy has trapped the population
of the Underworld in the Shadowlands. By denying the
existence of Transcendence and forbidding wraiths from
interacting with the Skinlands, it has successfully crafted
the Underworld into a prison surrounded on one side by
the Shroud and on the other by Oblivion. Renegades seek
to escape from the confines of the Hierarchy's dictates.
Characters who have been captured by patrols for what-
ever reason have an immediate incentive to escape their
captors. Failure to do so inevitably results in a fate much,
much worse than death. Escape, therefore, can form a meta-
phorical theme of self-liberation or it can become a literal
necessity for continued existence.

e Anarchy: Violence for its own sake holds an attrac-
tion for many Renegades. The Hierarchy serves as the per-
fect target for random terrorist acts. Anarchists instinc-
tively balk at anything resembling rules and do everything
in their power to point out the impossibility of enforcing
laws and regulations on an uncooperative population
(namely, themselves). The fact that innocents may suffer
while proponents of anarchy make their point is irrelevant.
In some cases, the peripheral damage even adds to the an-
archist mystique. Storytellers whose chronicles focus on
anarchy and chaos should be prepared to confront their
players with the grisly and often tragic consequences of
invoking mayhem and terror.

¢ Freedom: The Hierarchy tries to structure every facet
of a wraith's existence. Many of the Restless become Ren-
egades because they want the freedom to determine how
they will pass their afterlives. Chronicles based on the con-
cept of freedom usually focus on getting out from under
the omnipresent eye of the Hierarchy's Legions. Actions
that emphasize self-determination, such as Skinriding in
defiance of the Code of Death and otherwise interacting
with the Quick, may bring this type of chronicle across the
Shroud into the world of the living.

Nr KAT A Ra ee


| sontelng kero

Tae aes

the Shroud

Renegade characters make ideal members of mixed
troupes and allow Storytellers the opportunity to create
chronicles that take place on both sides of the Shroud. The
general disregard most Renegades hold for the Dictum Mort-
uum leads many of these Restless rebels to seek out contacts
in the Skinlands. Renegades who serve as mentors to living
groups of revolutionaries, terrorists, anarchists or other law-
less gangs may embroil their allies in the politics and machi-
nations of the Shadowlands. Conversely, Quick who associ-
ate with Renegade wraiths may drag their otherworldly com-
panions into Skinlands plots and counterplots.

In order to function within a mixed troupe, wraith char-
acters need to possess sufficient levels in Arcanoi that enable
them to manifest in or act upon the Skinlands. Renegades
trained in Embody can Materialize for limited periods of time;
doing so becomes easier in places where the Shroud is rela-
tively weak. Inhabit allows wraiths to take control of non-
sentient items, such as cars, computers or cell phones. A wraith
using Claim (Inhabit ¢ © © ©) to control an ATV, for example,
can act as both chauffeur and transport vehicle for her troupe.
Knowledge of Puppetry provides the best means for a wraith
to join living members of her troupe in the flesh; in such cases,
the Storyteller may want to provide a Consort attuned to the
wraith. Wraiths skilled in Phantasm may affect their com-
panions' dreams or take their souls on dream journeys. Fi-
nally, Spooks and Haunters have their own, spectacular meth-
ods of getting their points across to their living compatriots.

Twists and Turns

There are complications, however, in putting together a
troupe which consists of characters who exist on different lev-
els of reality. What happens when the action in a story goes
somewhere some of the players can't follow? How do non
wraiths deal with a wraith companion undergoing a Harrow-
ing? When a wraith's Psyche loses control to its Shadow, how
do her living (or undead) friends handle the sudden appear-
ance of the wraith's unpleasant alter-ego?

The player of a wraith who becomes stuck in the
Shadowlands while the rest of her troupe remains in the
Skinlands need not sit out the rest of the story while the other
players have all the fun. Creative Storytellers can always find
an alternative to player boredom. If the wraith can employ
Puppetry as a means of manifesting in the Skinlands, then
there's no problem with keeping the wraith in play; conversely,
a Storyteller might allow the wraith's player to remain in the
game by assuming the persona of her character's mortal con-
sort. Some Arcanoi, such as the basic ability of Embody, al-
low a wraith to stay in constant contact with her mortal com-
panions without too much difficulty. There's also the possi-

ore

bility of having the character Rise, or otherwise enter the
Skinlands through a creative use of vampiric Necromancy.

Alternately, the Storyteller may choose to create a side-
story to involve the stranded wraith in events in the
Shadowlands that might have repercussions once the troupe
manages to reunite itself with its missing companion. Who's
to say that the Spectre the lone wraith is tracking down hasn't
created a cult in the Skinlands, one which is currently caus-
ing all sorts of problems for the rest of the characters.

In some cases, not all members of a mixed troupe may |

possess the ability to enter the Shadowlands; these characters
may be left behind in the Skinlands if the story leads the troupe

into the Underworld. If this happens, Storytellers may want a
to have a few spare wraith characters on hand to pass out to |

the players of characters who couldn't make it across the
Shroud or else be prepared to run a split-story until the troupe

can reassemble in one place. Another alternative would be to \

have the players who were "left behind" play the nascent
Shadows of those characters new to the Shadowlands, grow-
ing stronger and stronger the longer the interlopers stay in
the Underworld.

Wraith: The Oblivion and The Shadow Players Guide
give some examples of how to handle group-play of
Harrowings. Storytellers are encouraged to consult these
sources for ways to incorporate the troupe members as actors
in a wraith's Harrowing scenario. The first appearance of a
wraith character's Shadow may prove confusing to her non-
wraith companions; whenever this inevitability occurs, Sto-
rytellers should make certain that players do not act on knowl-
edge their characters could not possibly possess. Why spoil
the fun of discovery?

Possibilities
What kinds of stories can successfully link together a
group of characters that might include a Renegade wraith or

two and one or more of the following: a Dreamspeaker or 4

Euthanatos mage, an anarch vampire, an Unseelie sluagh, a
Silent Strider Garou and a boardwalk medium? The examples
below serve to illustrate the range of possibilities in across-
the-Shroud games.

e Renegades and Mages — A Native American burial

ground hecomes she center of consroversy in a land rights (i

struggle. Native shamans (Dreamspeakers or hedge mages)
and Indian rights activists might enlist help from friendly "spir-
its" and wind up with a few Renegades as unlikely allies.

e Renegades and Vampires — An attempt by vampire
anarchs to overthrow the tyrannical prince of their city might
attract unexpected assistance from local Renegades, who see
undermining authority in the Skinlands as parallel to over-
throwing the Hierarchy in their Necropolitan version of the
same City.

Chapter Five: The Soul of a Renegade 107

Pre eed OT
PULP

Pend


sana

e Renegades and Changelings — The Unseelie fae revel in
anarchy and chaos, seeking to establish discord on earth. Their ef-
forts may act as a magnet for Renegade Spooks and Puppeteers, in-
tent on creating their own havoc in the Skinlands.

¢ Renegades and Mediums — Cross-Shroud friendships can
form between mediums and their Restless contacts. Mediums can
assist Renegades in protecting their Fetters or in locating and de-
stroying Fetters that belong to their enemies, or they can take other
_ actions to benefit their Restless friends. On the other hand, Hierar-
chy wraiths might target mediums as a way of striking back at those
Renegades availing themselves of cross-Shroud services, forcing the
wraiths out into the open if they want to protect their valued hu-
man resources.

¢ Renegades and Garou — While most Garou are leery of the
Restless, Silent Striders are familiar with some of the secrets of the
Dark Umbra (the Shadowlands). Renegades may ally themselves
with these werewolves in attempts to bring down corrupt human
institutions, or in efforts to protect sites of spiritual and emotional
importance from the depredations of the Wyrm's servants.

© Renegades and the Quick — Living revolutionaries need all
the help they can get. Renegades (perhaps drawn from the ranks of
deceased group members) may mean the difference between a suc-
cessful coup and disaster, or life and death. Then again, some Ren-
egades may prefer to see their compatriots fail, so as to join them in
their new, post-mortem struggle.

ideas for Renegade Chronicles

Storytellers may consider using variations on the follow-
ing story ideas as starting points in creating chronicles for Ren-
egade characters.

¢ Revolution in the Shadowlands: The Necropolis from which
the Renegades operate is ripe for rebellion. Stygia shows little con-
cern with supporting her Legions, the Anacreons have their own
petty power games to play and the wraiths-on-the-street seem ready
to overthrow their masters. All that is needed is a group of commit-
ted individuals who can guide the takeover of the city. Enter the
characters. This chronicle involves several stages (each of which
should form a story by itself): assessing resources, planning the up-
rising, the confrontation itself and, if the revolution succeeds, secur-
ing the victory against a counterrevolution.

¢ Escape from Stygia: A group of Renegades falls into a Hier-
archy trap. The wraiths end up imprisoned in Stygia, awaiting a
gruesome fate — but destiny provides an escape route. That doesn't
mean the characters are safe, however — far from it. The Circle
must now evade recapture, make contacts with sympathetic wraiths
on the Isle of Sorrows and make their way out of a hostile fortress to
safety. Even after the wraiths have managed to make it out of Stygia,
they must continue to dodge patrols of Legionnaires and their
barghest bloodhounds. High tension and fast-paced action mark
this chronicle.

S af i eA wf a . .: f
: au = eS aS LA ee

——

~

te

hose
| g the
ie hu-

of the
bf the
selves
luman
| ional

red all
| ks of
a suc-
p Ren-

lem in

0 llow-

! Ren-

which
ge CON-
‘ir own
ready
Dmmit-
ter the
| which

Stygia,
id their

bn mark

¢ Wheelers and Dealers: This chronicle idea brings two groups
of Renegades into conflict with one another. A gang of Renegades,
preferably Idealists or Protesters, comes across a transport of Thralls
bound for Stygia. In order to liberate these doomed souls, the Ren-
egades must rely on help from an Outlaw band. The raid succeeds,
but that's where the trouble begins. The Outlaws want to keep some
orall of the Thralls and turn a profit from selling them to the high-
est bidder. The Idealists (or Protesters) don't. Internal dissension
among the Renegades becomes the focus of a story which involves
negotiations, direct confrontations and underhanded machinations
—and the imprisoned souls just might have something to say about
their fate as well.

¢ Indoor Plumbing: Someone is leaking information about Ren-
egade activities in the area to the local Hierarchy. A Renegade gang
receives orders from "above" (whatever that means) to flush out the spy
and bring her to justice. At first the operation seems relatively simple,
just a matter of laying traps, planting false information and waiting to
see who takes the bait. But when the evidence points to a member of
the gang, things can get interesting. The Storyteller may wish to con-
sider using a willing player character as a catspaw in this game of in-
trigue, or she can just have fun making her players paranoid.

¢ The Real Story: An important member of the Hierarchy
defects and seeks out the characters, claiming that she has impor-
tant information that she needs to deliver to the Renegade Coun-

ww

~~

nt Sd,

cil — personally. The wraiths must decide whether or not to
believe the defector and, if they do, whether they can afford
to put the Council at risk by attempting to bring a stranger to &
Freedom Isle (assuming that Freedom Isle exists, that the char- 8
acters know where it is and that they're welcome there — all 0
big assumptions). While they are trying to decide what to do, 0
the defector escapes from the Renegades' protective custody 0
and sets off on her own, apparently in an effort to find the Q
Renegade Council. The characters must pursue the fugitive i
through the Tempest, but what happens next is anyone's guess.
Is the defector merely a stooge, sent out to allow the Hierar- |
chy to discover the whereabouts of the leadership of the Ren- | ‘
egades? Or is the information genuine and the defector's mo-
tivation sincere? And what does the fugitive's Shadow have
to say about what's going on?

¢ Clothed in Flesh Once More: A group of elite Legion-
naires have begun covert operations across the Shroud, Skinriding ©
humans and using their consorts to destroy Renegade Fetters. ‘i
The Renegades decide to fight fire with fire (or flesh with flesh) |
and take the battle to the other side of the Shroud. This story is }
ideal for Renegades who are Puppeteers or Spooks, and can even '
impinge upon the rest of the World of Darkness' denizens. After >
all, if that pesky Legionnaire's Fetter is actually a vampire, wreck-
ing the Fetter can have some fascinating consequences.

Chapter Five: The Soul of a Renegade

Pa
‘ o
~~ ay

here are a lot of types of Renegades out there. I mean, you've got your firebrands, your public
| speakers, your revolutionaries, your deserters, your freelance Reapers, your Bywaymen — you
ijname it, there's a Renegade that does it. I mean, let's face it, there are a lot of these guys. (Makes
{| you wonder what Stygia is doing wrong, doesn't it?) As a matter of fact, there are so many different ,
‘|| types of Renegades that any attempt to identify the "archetypal" or "typical" Renegades here would
no doubt miss all sorts of folks who consider themselves central to the Renegade movement. Plus,
Renegades are the sorts of folks who don't take too kindly to being skipped over, if you know what
I mean, and neither you nor I want to see some of these guys when they get upset.

So with that in mind, here are five randomly selected Renegades to give you an idea of what you can do with a Renegade
character. Take these folks and use them yourself, modify them, Moliate them or do whatever else you need to in order to make
them useful for your chronicle. Just be careful with 'em, and don't tell the other Renegades where you got 'em.

Those Renegades can be spooky bastards, you know, and if they found out who your supplier is, they just might come
looking for me.

j

St FF ferti

ar

NMI
ih

Sh
a

Va.

ig cSaReRINES

'

vd hat

pnt

=. Rl

Chapter Six : Children of the Revolution 11


out. It was a bad move. You left the cell all right, but
feet first and in a garbage bag for easy disposal.

When you arrived in the Shadowlands, a group of

friendly Reapers was waiting for you. Activists in

the fight against Stygia, they had followed your

(short) career and wanted you to join them now

Quote: Don't be afraid. There is nothing
they can do to you that is worse than the slavery
in which they would keep us all!

Prelude: You come by your revolution-
ary zeal honestly — you found it in a
book. Born to wealth and privilege, you
nevertheless had a social conscience,
understanding that many of your
friends had less than you did. Taught
to use your intelligence, you decided
you wanted to break out of your pro-
tected existence and experience ev-
erything the less fortunate lived ev-
ery day. Rather than wasting your
time at school dances or at the lo-
cal arcade, you learned the art of
rebellion.

You embraced movements
designed to uphold the rights
of individuals — fighting for
gay rights, the rights of
women and self-deter-
mination for na~ ¥
tions held in thrall
by oppressive gov-
ernments. You
worked for therights of the
handicapped, abused children and the
mentally ill. Rallies, demonstrations,
leafleting and fund raising called upon your
best skills — your gifts for public speaking and
working a crowd — but you longed to do more.
Dozens of movements and many, many revolu-
tionary contacts later, you still found yourself
wondering if you'd made
any difference.

So you started
dabbling with groups
that were a bit more ener- Na
getic than you were used to.

You were all for getting more

done, but when the cell's leader

started talking about bombings,
kidnappings and assassinations you knew

you were in over your head. Following your
conscience, you told the guy that you wanted

Renegades

that you were among the Restless. Determined
not to make the same mistake twice, you made
certain they advocated your kind of revolution
rather than the gun-waving idiocy that got
you killed. Since then, you've become a

UM featured speaker for Restless rights,
moving from one area to another to

spread your message. You're finally

being heard by the masses, now it's

time to bring your platform to the

Isle. Once you do that, you're sure

that you can help the Deathlords

make the changes necessary to
bring about a new golden age

of peace and equality.
Concept: You are a dreamer
who believes passionately in
equality for all. Coming froma
wealthy background, you had
the money and leisure to adopt
revolution, though you never ac-
tually had to live under any oppres-
sion yourself. Despite the details of
your death, you don't believe that
violence is what revolt is all about.
You use logic and righteous indigna-
tion to advocate fairness for all, sav-
ing your most scathing rhetoric to
condemn the hideous practice of

soulforging.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak pas-
sionately about the rights of the in-
dividual, but never soil your Corpus
with weapons or battle. If Pathos is
the true wealth of the Underworld, in-
spiring words ought to be enough
riches for anyone! Never let your
moral certitude be compromised. You
are a true rebel, one whose ideology
forms the core of belief that will free
all wraiths from the tyranny of Stygian
oppressors! Show others the way you
have found, and millions of wraiths
will follow!

= Relics: Leaflet for rally, beret

precen FavOeNIRt
at

at

rh ind ~ coat he i:
. : Sap yyy
= OTA AER

Ty O p) \ ‘ |

qt

"


your

ade
ion
got
mea
hts,
r to
ally

R Payer:
4 Chronicle:

i Physical

i Strength @@000 Charisma
@@@00 Manipulation
@@OOO Appearance

Hane: Revolutionary Dreamer Nature: fanatic

Demeanor: Rebel
Shadow: direct

itt

@@@@0 Perception
Intelligence

@e@0@00
@@@00 Wits

life: Activist

Death: Shot by rightwing extremist
Regret: Wot Changing the world

Mental

i
@ee@00

@e@e00
@@000

a

‘i [et i krone
i i Alertness @@@00 Crafts OOOOO | Bureaucracy OOOOO
* Athletics OOOOO Drive @@000 Computer 00000
4 Awareness @OOOO Etiquette @@O0O0O0 Enigmas OOOOO
a Brawl @@ooo Firearms @OO0O0O0 Investigation @O0000
ij Dodge @@000 Leadership @0000 Law @0000
J Empathy @@000 Meditation OOOOO Linguistics OOOOO
J © Expression @@@00 Melee OOOOO Medicine @0000
‘ i Intimidation OOOOO Performance OOOOO Occult OOOOO
| fi, Sceetwise OOOOO Repair @0000 Politics @@000
{Subterfuge OOOOO Stealth @@000 Science OO00O
: Backerounds ama Arcanoi
Allies @O00O cng tyranny (Riguteousness) _@@@OO _ Arges @0000
Haunt @O000 convert others 40 your cause (Pride) @@@OO castigate @@000
j a ____ Memoriam __—-_ —S®@OOO secome a Famous Renegade (egotism) @OOOO fatalism @0000
b Status @@0OOO sind yourkiller Vengeance) __ @OOOO Puppetry @0000
OOOOO  telp mortal revolutionaries (Duty) @®OOO 00000
00000 00000 OO000O0
00000 00000 OOO00O

Angst moomoo

& 7 0O-O-O--0-4 Fetters OOO 22O-O-0-€ (I) COoooo oe

Voorkaas @eee00 OOOOCOOOCOOCOO0O0O @@eeee0o000dd0dn0n
old skinlands group, _@@@0O QO IOOOO00O aoO00000008
House where you died @®O00 249--2-0- Thoms -OeoOO-c
favorite rally site @@000 soo Wilpon mocoec Trick o€ ligut
00000 @@eeeeeeeoond Spectre Prestige
00000 QOORO000 000 Shadow Play
Tf), wooo (uild Maks Oooo 2o-O-O-8 Pathos Doo at Paracas @@000
Bae a See i WO Undermine your work (quilt) see00

OOOO0O

f
:


Or

Quote: You wouldn't believe the things I've seen
— scores of souls lined up for the forges, and not those
too weak to keep it together, either! The Hierarchy's
out of whack, and I, for one, want out while my
Corpus is still in one piece!

Prelude: You were always a realist. You J%
never expected to be a world-famous musician, LZ.
rocket scientist or computer whiz, but you ,
were comfortable with that. You were
fairly average, but you were OK with
that. The only problem was that
you really weren't sure what you @
wanted to do with your life. |

Still, you knew you needed a
college degree to get anywhere,
and you had no money for
school. There was only one op-
tion: You joined the army. You
had it all figured: You'd pull a
short hitch, learn a marketable
skill and get money for college
too. lt was going to be a piece
of cake.

Everything was going ac-
cording to plan until the day
some bigwig decided that troops
were needed halfway around the
world for "peacekeeping." They
shipped your unit out to some
dirty little country you'd
never heard of, in order TA
to defend the natives y 4
from attacks made
by their own
people. There were
thousands of people living in stinking refu-
gee camps, and for what? You didn't know
and you didn't want to know, but seeing
those hungry faces behind the wire got
harder to deal with each day. In the end,
though, you stayed put because you had
no idea how you'd leave the country if it
wasn't with your unit.

You were saved from coming to a de-
cision by a fatal slip. It wasn't much, just
a shaving cut, but you'd forgotten you
were living in squalor city and didn't take
care of things properly. The cut got in-
fected and before you knew what hit you,
you died.

Renegades

ty,

Reaped by the Legions, you moved from one army
to the next with hardly a break in between. At first,
you believed your officers when they said you were
defending all wraiths from Spectres and Oblivion,
but when you got a good look at the forges and
realized what your shiny sword was made from,
Z@ you decided you wanted no part in it. It all
reminded you too much of the hopeless vic-
tims in the refugee camps.
Soon you tumbled to the fact that the
Renegades weren't just bogeymen, so you
made contact and arranged to defect.
Though the gangs have been slow to trust
you, the group you joined is beginning
to see your value and accept you as part
of their family. Things are finally look-
ing up.

Concept: Hey, people have to
look out for more than just them-
selves if they want to make a dif-
ference. You may not have
known what you
wanted to do
in life, but
a | you've cer-
N tainly decided
on a path for your
afterlife. Some people may
laugh at the thought of you
as a revolutionary because
you're just a grunt, but no
group can get along without
people like you. While you don't
take charge, you can be counted on to
think things through and make sure all the
bases are covered. Some people may call
you a coward, but you know why you
changed sides and you're comfortable

with your decision
Roleplaying Hints: Support your
group and watch everyone's backs.
You're a trained soldier and you put
your knowledge to good use. You may
act cynical and claim you defected for
pay, for more privileges or even to avoid
the forges, but the truth is, you just
couldn't deal with keeping other wraiths
in chains. You're totally committed now,
and you know that the Hierarchy can't

hold out forever.

Relics: Helmet, patch from

old unit

ARREN
Opee DEN DALL
até


Name: Hierarchy DeCec+or

Player:
Chronicle:

Nature: caregiver

Demeanor: Survivor

Shadow: tnCormer

life: Soldier
Death: Accident leading 40 systemic nection
Regret: never cigured out what +2 de with lice

Strength

@@e@00

Dexterity

Stamina

woccccoccoceccosces Mb

Alertness

@@000

Athletics

@@000

Awareness

O0O00O0

Brawl

@@0@00

Dodge

@e@e@00

Empathy

OOOOO

Expression

OOOO0O

Intimidation

Streetwise

@@000

@0000

Subterfuge

OOOOO

Charisma

Social

@@@00 Manipulation
@@@@0O Appearance

Crafts

qi4,<

@@0O00 Perception

Intelligence

@e@000
@e@000

Wits

Mental

@ee@00

@@000

@0000

sill

Drive

OOOOO
@0000

Etiquette

OOOO0O

Firearms

@e@000

Leadership

@0000

Meditation

OOOO0O

Melee

@@000

Performance

OOOO0O

@0000

Repair
Stealth

@@000

Bureaucracy

Computer

Knowledge

OOOOO

OOOOO

Enigmas

OOOOO

Investigation

Law

@0000

OOOOO

Linguistics

Medicine

OOOOO

@0000

Occult

@0000

Politics

@0O000

Science

@0000

Backerounds Passions Arcanoi

Eidolon @@000 protect tne weak (compassin) @@@OO __Arqes @@000
Haunt ©0000 __ suppert yar smaciyaty) @@@00 ———Géstijate __ @@O00
Relic @@000 prove your vale (Humility) @@OOO Moliate @@000
Status @0000 @0000

OOOO0O

OOOOO

OOOOO

Bring down the Hierarcry (Anger) @@OOO outrage

OOOO0O

OQOOO0O0O

OOOO0O

OOOO0O

OOOOO

OOO0OO0O

POOO-0-0- Fetters POCO IHOO-€ (1) OOOoo-o+ Angst
Drill instructor
Parents
ReCugee Camp _
Hospital (Deathsite)
Army base in US.

ee000 9000000000 A

@@000

@0000 »pooo. Wie Cocoa roe co [Mi zonooe - kni€e
@@000 @oeee Shadow Trait (subterfuge) :
OO0000 Shadowed face

aecees-con Dark Passion SOoocooe

me Om OOO
OOOOOOOOO9
HOEK (yi Maks COCO: OO Pills DOOD OE*

BEEBE EB RBUUL

Herm tre weak (cruelty) @@O00 _
Fail in what you de (contemPt) @@OOO

®0000 COD00000000 eaeee000000:;

Betray your Gang (Hate) @@e@0O :

Eccentric Weirdo

Quote: What exactly do you mean by that — explain why
you think I'm "different?"

Prelude: Always out of step — at home, in school and
with the other children —- you never quite fit into any pre-
packaged niche. Smart enough to have skipped a few grades,
you chose instead to do just the bare minimum of work neces-
sary to advance each year. You never spoke to your family or
teachers (you had no friends to confide in) about your thoughts
or feelings. Instead, you'd go to the movies and mumble out a
monologue throughout the film, emerging whenever you lost
interest in the picture.

Taken to a child psychologist after your parents caught
you sitting on the roof one day, you smiled at him benignly
but failed to answer even one of his questions. He shrugged,
and sent you home with a recommendation that your parents
keep you occupied and interested, but nothing more.

Mind you, your folks did try. From then until your 18th
birthday, they plied you with every puzzle and mental chal-
lenge they could find. They introduced you to science, phi-
losophy, religion and politics. You took what you wanted and
ignored the rest, just like you always had. It wasn't that you
didn't appreciate what they were trying to do for you; you
just had specific interests — and frequently changed them
when things started to bore you.

Moving out when you reached legal age, you looked
forward to really delving into things that you'd never had a
chance to before — adult things, dangerous things. Unfor-
tunately, your first experiment with drugs went fatally bad
and you found yourself Reaped by the
Emerald Legion. After about three
weeks the Green Teams started bor-
ing you, too, so you just walked
away. Now you're on your own, a
so-called Renegade. You couldn't
care less about the label, though
— you're just out there looking
for something new to try.

Concept: You are the quintessential dilettante, in-
terested in many things, but devoted to none. You've
always been considered odd by everyone else. Sometimes
it has amused you to play that image up, other times
you try to fit in long enough to learn something from
folks you don't want to freak. You're an inadvertent Ren-
egade, but not because you're trying to overthrow the
Hierarchy. It's just that eternal bureaucracy is not what
you're after.

Roleplaying Hints: Question everything. Examine
new ideas and explore new situations so long as they
intrigue you — but drop them instantly once you get
bored. People like you are a threat to the system by dint
of your mere existence, just because you can't be neatly
pigeonholed. Follow your own dictates. Doing so drives
the Hierarchy crazy and makes you a hero to those who
cherish individualism. Those same folks also call you a
weirdo, but their labels don't matter to you either.

Relics: Whatever has caught your fancy most recently

AURUN IG)

- A TRAGIC Coo
NT pup

Be-oe THE CIRCUS,
Th Evit. ClLawNs

(f UY
ji

W. Cevorntit
Darsen ao'


4. Expression

if

8 Alertness
© Athletics

: My,
:.°| Awareness

i Dodge
a Empathy

K Subterfuge

Name: ECCentric Weirdo

Player:
Chronicle:

Nature: Explorer

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Shadow: Parent

life: free Spirit

Death: Accidental overdose

Regret: Didn't live long enough fo do everything

Strength

@@000

Dexterity

Stamina

wocccococcoecoooces fh

@®0000

OOOOO

O0OO00O

Brawl

@0000

@@000

@®0000

@0O000

* Intimidation

aa "
Vy

THT

if a

@0000

@@000

@e@000

Charisma

Social

@@000 Manipulation
@@@00O Appearance

00000

@0@000

4ay¢,<

Skills
Crafts @e@000
Drive @0000
Etiquette @@000
Firearms @0000
Leadership OOOOO
Meditation @0O000
Melee @0O000
Performance @@000
Repair @@000
Stealth @0000

@@e@00 Perception

Mental
@0@0@00
Intelligence ©0000
Wits @@e@00

Knowledge
Bureaucracy OOO0O0O
Computer @0000
Enigmas @@000
Investigation @O0O000
Law OOOOO
Linguistics @O000
Medicine OOOOO
Occult @O0000
Politics OOOOO
Science OOOOO

Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi
7 Haunt @@00O  crocrionce Everything (curitsity) @@@@O Arges @0000
+ j Memoriam __ @®000 pretend you know everything (Guile) @®OOO Embody @0000
‘ Relic @O000 protect individuality CStudberness) @OOOO Moliate @0000
‘ Status @0000 ever Be Bored (Pride) @ee00 Phantasm @0000
OOO00O O0000 Puppetry @0000
OOO0O0O 00000 OOOOO
OOOO0O0 00000 OOOO0O

Hoenn Guild Marks OOo. roe Pathos PO8o-Ooc

OOOO tetters DOCS O€ FOIOOO-€ (Il) COOOcoo1 2ODo oO Angst 4249-O--C3

child Psychologist @OOOO OOOOOOOOOO @eee@ee@eooodoodo0do0d
Parent eeco0 WOOOORFO0O0000 aaag0000000
Library @0000 sco [him econ;
Museum @@000 >poco2o- Willpower 28-0 _ Death's Sigil
Apartment @e000 @@e@eeeeodood0oo0 Bad Luck
Computer e0000 NQOOOOOUOUOO0
Movie theater @O000 rercrereon Datk Passion o-or-o-o-¢

Call attention fo your iqnovance OOOOO

Cinsecority)
BEBBEEBBEBOO security ©0000

OOOO0O

It turned out that on the other side, things aren't too differ-
ent for you. The only real changes are that you can use actual
chains on the merchandise here, and that when you say "mer-
chandise," you don't have to pretend it was a slip of the tongue.

Quote: What're you lookin' at? You maybe want to turn You don't even have to make believe that these slaves
around and not get involved in my business, before I make ge are important to you. There's always more where they
you my business. SNS = came from. You've learned how to handle the pay-

Prelude: You learned fast and early that no one ly se \"_ offs to the local fuzz, the Legions; pretty soon, you'll
was going to take care of you if you didn't take care of G > st ( - be running the biggest slavery operation in the Un-
yourself. If you needed something you had to earn it ¢ BA) derworld. And if anyone gets in your way, there are
or take it; nobody else cared if you lived or died. _ 4 Series > always a few empty manacles just waiting for idiots
School held no interest for you, so you turned GI Waime \N like them.
to the streets and the gang that ran your ~e E wal 3 =_ Concept: You don't really care
neighborhood. You were big and you Od Wa eC) Ab St MMM) about anything but yourself. Pimping
were tough, and you had no compunc- BA's ' *. ©: Ny) was good enough for you while you

tions about doing anything necessary. 4 A : >) BE ‘| MONO) © 4:4 were alive; now that you're dead, the
The gang's bosses liked that about you, - WO) 4 =Thrall market seems like a more
and made you one of their own. Al; >) "4 , honest version of the same thing.

After a disastrous stab at han- = N 77 ‘ Nt Most of the wraiths you chain and
dling drugs, you turned to the ¢ Soa | \ , sell are useless Drones anyway, so
slightly less lucrative, but much Be 1 A : "7 oy N it's not like you're taking advan-
more enjoyable traffic in flesh, i "7 = t. Y' fe \xi tage of them. They'd end up in
and you soon amassed quite a ™™ Ne. Oblivion's lap if someone like you
stable. Before you knew it, you ie ww 67 didn't turn them into something
had expensive clothes, fine ; SS useful. Occasionally, you take a
jewelry and a slick car com- 4 . ; ) Sst few who aren't Drones, but they
plete with chauffeur. You : Sl Se —_ ‘\ = cither got in your way or made
started moving in on other ye eS = —— themselves easy targets. The idi-
prostitution rings, taking AGS =a ots should have been watching
over their territory and ab what they were doing, right? It's
people. Some you paid off; CA 2 \ | their own fault you nabbed them,
others — those pimps and ; = \ after all, and their stupidity is what
Madames too stupid to re-
alize that their time was up | : Roleplaying Hints: You pay
— you eliminated. lip service to the Renegades, be-

From handling those \ | cause they're convenient muscle
acquisitions, you graduated , when you need them as back-
to supplying conventions up. Squealing "oppression"
whenever they came to town, @ when the Legions back you
and even to providing high- into a comer is usually enough to convince
priced "escorts" to "special guests" and "for- the local do-gooders to save your ass. You're
eign concerns." Just as it seemed you had one of the loudest voices against Stygia's
the whole state's flesh trade under your - "oppression" — when it suits your purposes
thumb, one of your girls tried to get outfrom ofe-* 5a —— but you're not on the barricades ex-
under your control. She failed, but you de- cept when push comes to shove. After
cided that you needed to make a lesson out all, the Legions will forge an unlicensed
of her. As you stalked into the room where Reaper as quickly as they'll forge a ter-
one of your bagmen was holding her, \ } rorist. For that reason alone, you keep
you suddenly felt a terrible pain be- in contact with several of the more
hind your eyes. A momentary powerful Renegade gangs.
brightness later, you were dead, \ ‘ a) Relics: Chains for Thralls,
killed by an aneurysm. bs oboli, diamond pinkie ring

}

ij

eke TTS

Ss

Renegades


Name: SCumbug Slaver Nature: Brave life: Pimp
Player: Demeanor: Leader Death: Anyeurismy a
Chronicle: Shadow: Perectionist Regret bint get contol presto #
Physica Social Mental |
Strength @@0@0 Charisma @@000 Perception @@000 |
Dexterity @@@00 Manipulation @@@@0 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@@0OO Appearance @@000 Wits @@000
Talents skill Knowledge ;
Alertness @@@00 Crafts OOOOO | Bureaucracy OOOO0O (
Athletics OOOOO Drive @@000 Computer OOOOO
Awareness OOOOO Etiquette OOOOO Enigmas OOOOO
Brawl @@600 Firearms @@000 Investigation @O0000
Dodge @@@00 Leadership @OO0O0O Law @e@000 F
Empathy OOO00O Meditation OOOOO Linguistics OOOOO © bbws
Expression OOOOO Melee @@000 Medicine @0000 + %&
Intimidation @@@0OO0O Performance OOOOO Occult @O0000 A x
Streetwise @®OOOO Repair OOOOO Politics OOOOO |...
Subterfuge OOOOO Stealth @@000 Science 00000 ©
Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi Tal
Allies OOOO contest as mmy souls as pissible (Lust) @@@OO Arges @0000
Haunt ©0000 — maeotners surcer (cruelty) @@@0O Moliate @0000 |
Noteriety @O O00 don't tet others push you around (Pride) @ @ OOO outrage @0000 .
OOOOO destroy your competitors (Envy) @@OOO 00000. %,
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
O-O-0-3-O-1 fetters <O-98O PO-©-00-€ Corpus O-O-O-O-O-O4 3-2-2-0-0 Angst 949--O-O-O dp
dail cell @@2000 DDVODODOVOOOOO @@e@@0000 00 |:
Excwike eeco0 0D000000000 anno oo0000 |
Poo} Hall @0000 rococo hil ~oocoo¢
favorite sfripjeint = @O0000 »poeo Willpower ooccoc inCamy d
Apartment ee000 @@e@eeeeoo0oodod0 Shadow Camiliar 4
Deathsife eecoo QDOOR70000O00
rercoeom Dark Pasion ooo
HOAE-OM€ (yi Maks COocooe 26-0-0-£ Pathos PO-38o0-o-c Kill Ex-wite (Jealousy)  @@@O0O |
BeeBeendoog00 Sot coop Cor _@@@@0 ©. Uy
OOO0O

OOOO0O

iN

1

Protiteer

Quote: See that fool waving a leaflet around?
Know who that leaflet used to be? Yeah, the leader of
his gang. Don't tell me she gave her all for the Revo-
lution. The revolution is crap! I expect to make a tidy
profit on what I do — or I ain't doin' it.

Prelude: No one ever offered you a free
ride and you didn't grow up expecting
one. Like the other kids from your
neighborhood, you had to work for what
you wanted, then fight to keep it.

School was a joke, and your real edu-
cation came from the street.

That's where you learned what
was really important: getting with a
gang tough enough to protect you;
claiming territory and making
those within it pay you for stay-
ing there. You learned to find
commodities that people wanted,
get control over them and make the
suckers pay a lot for what you had to of-
fer. You discovered that everything has a
value — knowledge, information, skills,
transportation, machine parts, TVs, even
people — and that you could make a profit
on all of it. All that's necessary is the guts to
get the merchandise, the strength to keep it
and the contacts to sell it to. That's it.

Of course, rival gangs put the lie to that
little axiom, and a few years after you'd gradu-
ated to negotiator, you ran afoul of one of their
"acquisitionists." Seeing as he had backup and
you didn't, he took your merchandise and you
headed for the Shadowlands, courtesy of a slit
throat.

Though you were Reaped by the Legions to
start with, you soon learned that quartermaster
jobs that would give you a chance to make off
with valuable materiel were few and far between.
Instead, you sought out like-minded individuals
— most of them Renegades — and made plans
to join them in a daring raid on a Legion sup-
ply dump. The operation went off mostly
without a hitch, but you were spotted and
labeled a Renegade, to be captured and
sent to the forges on sight.

Since then, you've hijacked,
boosted, pilfered, stolen, liberated and

Renegades

acquired anything you could get your hands on,
and sold the swag to the highest bidder. Un-
like some profiteers, you don't shit where you
eat. If somebody pays you premium prices, you
get him premium stuff. If she prepays, you get
her what she wants. If he outbids the opposi-
tion, he gets the goods, regardless of politics.
You don't substitute shoddy merchandise for
the real thing, you don't jack up prices and
you never sell out your buyers to
the Hierarchy so as to make
double profits. You are trusted
more than most of your kind be-
cause you keep to those rules, and
you make certain everyone knows
that you do.

Concept: You're out to make
a profit and make no secret
about that. A pirate at heart,
you are nevertheless an hon-
est pirate. Let other profiteers
backstab their customers for a
quick obolus; in the long run,
the trust you build with your cli-
entele guarantees you repeat business
and higher profits. If what you do helps
the revolution, that's fine, so long as the

marks keep handing over the money.
Roleplaying Hints: Make certain
that everyone you deal with knows that
you are interested in business, not poli-
tics. You're in this for the money, but if
Stygia ever goes down the tubes, the folks
who'll replace the Deathlords are your
customers. That puts you in a potentially
profitable situation. On the other hand,
if your old customers turn ungrateful,
there will always be another batch of
Renegades looking to overthrow them. —

and those guys are going to need you.

Relics: Inventory list, big gun and ammo


Name: Profiteer

Player:
Chronicle:

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Mediator

Shadow: Pusher

life: Gang Member
Death: Killed by rival gang member
Regret: never made a million dollars

Strength

®ee00

Dexterity

@@0O00 Manipulation

Stamina

@@@00 Appearance

wooccocccoceccescce |)

Alertness

@e@e@00

Athletics

OOOOO

Awareness

Brawl

@®0000
@@000

Dodge

Empathy

Expression

@@000
OOOOO
OOOOO

Intimidation

Streetwise

@0@e@00

@@000

Subterfuge

@@000

Charisma

Social

@@@00 Perception

Intelligence

@0e00

@0@0@00

apa,

skills

OOOOO

Crafts
Drive

@@000

OOOO0O

Etiquette

Firearms

@@000

Leadership

Meditation

Melee

@0000

OOOOO

@@000

Performance

Repair

OOOOO

@0000

Stealth

@0000

Wits

Mental

@e@e00

@e@000
@e@000

Bureaucracy

Computer

knowledee

@@000 |

@0000

OOOOO

Enigmas

Investigation

Law

@0000

@@000

Linguistics
Medicine

OOOOO

OOOOO

Occult

OOOOO

Politics

OOOOO |

Science

OOOOO |

Passions Arcanoi

Backgrounds
Allies
Contacts
Haunt
Status

Arges
Moliate
Usury

@@000 |
@@000 —

@0000
OOOOO

@@000 Make proGit in the ACterliCe (Ambition) @@@OO
@@e@00 Get the slime whe killed you (Revenge @@@OO

BOO0O poita your image as an "honest" dealer (Pride) @@ OOO
@0000 Avoid the Legions (fear) @e@000

OOOOO

OOOOO

OOOO0O

OOOOO

OOOOO

OOOO0O

OOOOO
OOOOO

OOOO0O

PO-O-O-0-0-+ fetters OOOO 29O-0-2-€ (I) COOC oO. 2O Do OO Angst COO-HI-O-O Jj
favorite bar C9000 OODOADODVOIADAONOONDNNOO BBBBBBOOODO:
Apartment __eeoo0 QOOO0O00000 go00000000

Your killer @@000 sooo hom ~oooe+
Warehouse district @@O000 i ic-pi

Streefcorner @0000 Shadow trait Coccul+), Dark allies
OOOOO Shadow Call

reoeon DakPasin ooo |
cheat Clients (Greed) _@@@OO ©
Kill your murderer (Hate) ss @@@OO

OOOOO

HOO-OX€ (ill Maks COO rOOOere Pith) POCO eE>

BEBBRBOUOUOUO


The Restless profiled here run the gamut from proponents
of peaceful rebellion to those who advocate all-out war against
the Hierarchy. Among their number may be found a scoun-
drel whose main interest in running with the Renegades is
peddling his cargo of soulforged lamps commemorating the
Third Great Maelstrom and a young wraith whose zeal for
the cause has led him to offer a unique service.

Not all those detailed are known to every Renegade. The
vast majority of Renegades, busy with their own affairs, have
heard of one or two of them at most. It comes with the terri-
tory; when the new recruits are teenage scofflaws who think
jazzing the Hierarchy is the only fun around, chances are
they've never heard of one of the chief figures of the French
Revolution. Even if the name rings a bell, they'd probably
just find him boring — certainly no one to look up to as a
legendary hero. In fact, that's probably the key to the Ren-
egades' continuation: They aren't organized enough to all be
squashed at once, and they have a depth that can only come
from a loose alliance of thousands of differing opinions.

Max

Maximilien Robespierre was one of the chief architects
of the French Revolution. In reality he was a moderate insur-
rectionist or constitutional revolutionary, but Robespierre's
life and actions have undergone such mythologizing that it is

122 Renegades

almost impossible to separate the actual man from his revolu-
tionary image. Alternately praised and condemned, unjustly
blamed for the deaths of 16,000 sent to the guillotine, Robespierre
himself became a victim of those who feared his condemnation.
Several of his fellow committee members, hoping to escape Mme.
Guillotine should the influential Robespierre accuse them of anti-
revolutionary activities, denounced "The Incorruptible," declared
him outlaw and executed him in the center of Paris.
Robespierre's two greatest contributions to the French Revo-
lution were his insistence that insurrection be for moral causes
rather than merely dissatisfaction with one's lack of money, and
his equally firm position that government should exist to enact
the will of a people who were all considered equal (rather than
tule by the rich, the landed and the aristocrats). His greatest
failure in life was his inability to reconcile the notion of equality
with the reality of private property (i-e., so long as some had
more than others, could they really be considered equal'). This
dilemma has translated peculiarly into Robespierre's afterlife.
Max, as he now prefers to be called, believes in absolute
equality. While he accepts the role of a speaker and participant,
he refuses to be called a leader among the Renegades. Further, he
advocates the total rejection of all property, whether relics,
soulforged items or Artifacts. His arguments in favor of doing
away with the soulforges and releasing those tormented souls
trapped in oboli, as building materials and other such goods, and
existing without the need for items or money have gained him

= OO. oN Mt

em

F
li.


many admirers (and earned him the enmity of the Artificers
Guild). Most of the Restless who know him consider Max a
dreamer whose ideas, while admirable, are wholly impossible to
implement. Nonetheless, enough wraiths follow the Maxian
Doctrine that Artificers and those who own many relics tread
with care when outside the immediate influence of the Legions.

feyth

Rumor states that the woman called Feyrh was the abbess of
a prestigious convent during medieval times, second in command
of the Mnemoi when the Guilds still flourished, and a favorite of
the Beggar Lord. No one is certain whether any of those rumors
is true. Feyrh has been around for some time and appears to have
been present in Stygia during several seminal events. Nonethe-
less, she still has Fetters, for she travels in the Shadowlands with-
out difficulty. Feyrh also has knowledge of a number of Arcanoi,
but whether her bag of tricks includes Mnemosynis is anybody's
guess.

For someone who has been one of the Restless as long as
Feyrh has, she seems singularly mysterious. She has never been
listed among the rolls of the Legions, no one associated with the
Guilds remembers her being a member of any, and despite her
rumored religious background, she apparently despises Heretics.

"¢.

OM OP APE

Even her name is a mystery. She has never confirmed
whether her name rhymes with "fair" or "fear." She answers
to either — when anyone can find her to address her by name.

Most Renegades have heard of Feyrh's exploits. Accord-
ing to gang lore, Feyrh helped found the Renegade move- . ©
ment, refusing (along with the Ferrymen, with whom she is
sometimes associated) to acknowledge Charon's self-appoint-
ment as Emperor. For a time, she and several followers ha-
rassed Charon's Deathlords — with the exception of the Beg-
gar Lord, so it is said. Why she should have exempted the
Beggar Lord from her disapproval is as mysterious as anything
else having to do with her. After receiving a sentence send-
ing her to the forges, Feyrh and six of her most devoted lieu-
tenants navigated the Sunless Sea to found their own city on
a distant island. Known as Freedom Isle, the city serves as a
sanctuary for Renegades in need of a hideout and plays host
to the Renegade Council.

Young Renegades who show courage, intelligence and the
promise of being effective revolutionaries are occasionally
given an invitation to Freedom Isle. There (so it is said), they
receive expert tutelage in revolutionary tactics. Though many
charismatic leaders of gangs have traveled to a place they say
was Freedom Isle, none will confirm whether they met or were
trained by Feyrh herself.

~ . > . , a
is oy on
, ai a Le] 4

tye

/

d ~
ONSTAGE ES


haw

my /

mY TINO D LA

THE RENEGADE LORD

The Renegade Lord

Many of the Restless Dead have heard rumors of the Ren-
egade Lord. Most of those do not believe that there is such a
person. There is. Acknowledged only as a mentor by the Ren-
egade Council — though he is often confused in rumor and leg-
end with the Council's even-more-mysterious leader, Sangfroid
— the Renegade Lord always appears masked. Charismatic and
eloquent, the Lord is a committed, learned and tireless revolu-
tionary. Although generally more interested in non-violent meth-
ods, rumor speaks of his ferocity when he is compelled to employ
deadly force. His presence has helped several Renegade groups
overthrow Stygian garrisons and claim Necropoli, though no
Restless outside his very small Circle knows what Haunt he claims
as his own.

The Renegade Lord's age as a wraith is unknown, but only
the eldest Restless remember a time when there was no Ren-
egade Lord. Then, of course, he was called by a different name.
Usually somewhat aloof and calm, he affects an air of mystery
that is deepened by the concealing mask he wears.

One of the best-known rumors concerning the Renegade
Lord maintains that he was once one of the Deathlords. The tale
unfolds that the Lord became disenchanted with his fellow
Deathlords and their policies. Seeing the wretchedness of most
of the Restless Dead, he laid aside his mask of office, donned a
new one and embraced the revolutionary cause. Further embel-
lishments to the story paint part of it in a romantic light. Rather

124 Renegades

than simply claiming he is one of the Deathlords, this version in-
sists that he used to be the Beggar Lord and that he has had a cen-
turies-long romance with Feyrh. Whatever the truth of these fan-
ciful imaginings, the Renegade Lord (or someone claiming to be
him) can be found traveling from enclave to stronghold, encourag-
ing revolution wherever he goes.

Dervish

Still somewhat new to death, this young wraith has carved out
a lucrative slot for himself in the Underworld. A teen entrepreneur
in life, Dervish continued his business dealings even after his death
from a random bullet. Realizing that the goods had changed, but
the game remained the same, Dervish quickly made connections
with Hierarchy, Heretic, Guild and Renegade factions.

Never too squeamish to deal in even the most repulsive wares,
Dervish became a chief supplier of Artifacts, relics and soulforged
goods to the fringe element. While he rarely involves himself in
raids and theft, he isn't above picking up "a little extra on the side"
through such methods.

Strangely, Dervish is quite popular. While customers may ab-
hor his prices and suppliers decry his cheapness, both groups find
him personally amusing. Dervish has a clever or funny story for
every situation and loves to share them with his acquaintances. He
loves a good time and is always looking for new experiences. In
essence, he's a thorough scoundrel with no conscience whatsoever,
but such is his demeanor of bonhomie, most wraiths ignore their
better judgment and find him lovable.

Gl

unt
of ¢

Gk
her

ree]
Hei
her
per:
sists
peo
Rer
tual
emt
gan;

tre.

Me

Oly:
bike
in tl
gang


ore their

% MLL YYZ YY

A homicidal maniac, Glory wreaked havoc in the Skinlands

F until her untimely (but well-deserved) death, caught in the blast

_ fone of her own bombs. When she arrived in the Shadowlands,
F Glory redistributed several plasmic parts of the slaver who Reaped
ther, then disappeared into the Tempest.

Several years later she emerged and began her maniacal ca-

f reer as a terrorist. Rumors that she had served as a torturer in some

Heretic hell remain unconfirmed. More easily documented are
j her many assassinations of Hierarchy, Heretic and even Renegade
{ personnel (she claims to admire the Guilds too much — and in-
pests that there are Guilds still in existence — to bother their
people). Glory is a loose cannon, a crazy whose actions give the
| Renegades a bad name except among those who believe some ac-
f twal political agenda informs her actions. Because she doesn't ex-
fempt other Renegades from her depredations, she is feared by most
Eggs, who don't trust her methods or her motives. In recent times,

y Renegades have questioned whether or not Glory is a Spec-

g. She seems far too crazy not to be.

; ANew Yorker born and bred, Roger hoped to become an
Ayympic cyclist. Killed by a hit-and-run driver as he pedaled his
ke through midtown traffic, this former bonded courier arrived
fa the Shadowlands still atop his relic bike and was Reaped by a
feng of Renegades known as the Fellow Travelers.

Se
a
lof

~ om

The Travelers taught Roger the ropes and inculcated him with >
prime Renegade rhetoric. Cautiously, the young wraith checked out
what was available on the Hierarchy side of the fence, then willingly
joined up to serve the Renegade cause. Just as a career as a stockbro-
ker or sales analyst had always seemed too confining to him, Roger
found the roles the Hierarchy offered to Restless with a strong sense
of personal freedom highly limited.

Roger moved around with the Travelers, attending Renegade
rallies and secret meetings with other gangs to discuss planned dis-
ruptions of Hierarchy business. From his experience of those meet-
ings, he quickly realized that the Renegades' greatest weakness was
their inability to trust one another. He hit on a plan to use his relic
bike. Starting small, Roger changed his name to Mercury and offered
to become a courier between different Renegade factions. Though
they were reluctant at first to trust him with any significant informa-
tion, the gangs came to realize that his services were sorely needed.
As Mercury completed each assignment, he proved his trustworthi-
ness and devotion to the cause.

Eventually Mercury came to the attention of the Renegade
Council. Now he not only carries messages between factions,
but often delivers memorized verbal instructions handed down
from the Council as well. Additionally, he now has several assis-
tants — many of them with their own relic vehicles — who are
known as the Quicksilver Fleet. They work alongside him in
carrying messages, Artifacts and even wraiths in hiding from one
area to another. Most Renegade factions know of Mercury and
the Quicksilver Fleet, using them as couriers and as neutral guar-
antors of peaceful meetings between rival factions.


|

(6a
4} i
By | P
" L "7
/ P
» 7 4\ rin
1 P > at

™

y ye

- We Got Your Dictum Mortuum ight Here -

\
Don't tell me you were dumb enough to buy the load of —sS \
crud the Hierarchy's been trying to sell-you. If you believe & a cs
the Deathlords are benevolent, the Legions are here to protect fe Ay ws
us and soulforging is a necessary part of the Stygian way of ;
lite, 've got a Fetter'on the Brooklyn Bridg@to sell you. It's " .
all lies, kid, butyyou're lucky You' re about.to hear the truth. Fi \
Up Yours, Charon! he
Renegades takes a cold, hard look at the outsiders of the 9
world of Wraith: The Oblivion. With fiction from noted i
authors Tom Deitz and Bram Stoker Award winner P.D. ‘4
Cacek, Remegades is a complete look at-what the afterlife is es F
like on the wrong side the Code of Charon. Being a Renegade af te r,
ain't pretty — but damn, it's fun. 4 = db
me v8
Ba Ny

Renegades Contains 4
® Everything th

Dea

lords don't want you to know about life e.*
a

on the outside — and the tactical secrets they'd Acill, for "Fay \
© The truth about the \mysteriouspRenegade Council, and the Y es
organization of the major Renegade factions ee
© The nitty-gritty of playing a Renegade, from character creation ve Bd
to. Byway Robbery to the details of overthrowing Necropoli eg ae
TU REMIND S .¥
ISBN 1-56504-636-6
WW6065 $16.00 U.S. - f
9781565046368 Rab Sr A
PRINTED IN USA ~¢ ?
*:; 4
ts Ja 4
# e o y \ Ve
