# File: Resplendent Cranes.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


<a

I admit there's a charm
to the idea, Ling, but...

e end, isn't the Empty Throne
a counsel for dreamers?

Master Xu, Look. Lh



‘
4
earn) y)
Back to YOUR cel, weetc . Ae

ay

!

( WC Take her if you can.
\\. \s
\ Wn 77 /f
i iW
IN SLi \ \Y A y'
aN {

S




Now that your pursuer is gone,
for the moment, tell us
what brings you out of your hell
and to our fair city?


She seems halfw ie 7
S\ familiar mindlessness already. =

(/ Such lack of confidence.
Remember the Fecoonition qi
of hope and the duty
to nurture the you .
Hope and caution are not
i ible, Master Xu,


This is the spot?

This is one of the great
urban death spots, then?

Yes. Another

Kowloon casualty

Rs Welcome back,

will be here soon.

Oh, yes. But shouldn't we
== be back in the Mirror Lands
with her?

little sister. The Devil-Tigers

és y

This part is for

io Heaven and her,
Brother Ling.

SS You know that.

IT suppose.

And then we will speak

of your duty under Heaven.

-

Virtue at Any Cost

By Bruce Bauch anp Erjiy Dresner-THORNBER
Vanjre createn sy Mark Ren ° Hacen

Yn ee

2

EDITS
Authors: Bruce Baugh (Manga, Excerpts from the "library
of Mona Ying," Systems & Advice, Templates, Appendix) and
Emily Dresner-Thornber (Introduction, Excerpts from "Re-
flections of Frogs and Butterflies"). Vampire and the World of
Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen.
Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Mind's Eye Theatre Adaptations: Bruce Baugh
Mind's Eye Theatre Developer: Cynthia Summers
Editor: Diane M. Piron-Gelman

Art Direction:Brian Glass

Layout & Typesetting: Kieran Yanner

Interior Art: Steve Ellis, Michael Gaydos, Mike Huddleston,
Jennifer Quick, Ross Takasugi and Melissa Uran

Front Cover Art: Melissa Uran
Front & Back Cover Design: Kieran Yanner

Live-Action AparraTjons
For Laws or THe East

Like previous Dharma Books, this book contains
material to let you integrate the systems herein with
Laws of the East, the Mind's Eye Theatre supple-
ment for the Middle Kingdom. Whether you use dice
or rock-paper-scissors, you'll find all you need to
portray followers of the Way of the Resplendent
Crane in these pages.

Look for the live action section at the end of the
chapter, "The Benefits of Splendor." Remember that
the Storyteller has the final say as to which systems are
available in her game.

Cranes

ee

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
235 PARK NoRTH BLVD. tion without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden,

. except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
& SUITE 128 may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 the Reckoning, World of Darknessand Aberrant are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-

White Wolf) USA lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
GAME STUDIO Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity,
Dharma Book Resplendent Cranes, Dharma Book Thrashing Dragons,

Dharma Book Thousand Whispers, Dharma Book Bone Flowers, Dharma Book Devil-Tigers, Kindred of the East, Kindred of
the East Companion, Laws of the East, Nights of Prophecy, Shadow War and The Thousand Hells are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf

Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.


ConrTENTS

Manga: The ReTurn

ORDER js PRINCPLE (jNTRODUCTION) a

Tae Manpare or Heaven (Pujtosopuy & Beyer) 10
PRINGPLES oF Peace (Practices & Ourtoors) 30
Tue Benerjts oF SPLENDOR (Systems & Apvjce) 50
Tue Righteous Young (Temp.ares) 70

Appenpjx: Masters anp Worries 82


ORDER Is
PRINCIPLE

To starve to death is a very small matter.
To lose one's integrity, however, is a-very.

‘Serious matter.

—Ch'eng], Reflections of Things on Hand

wot

PRINC;PLE or :
Haven anp EartH

From the*introduction 26 Reflections on Frogs and +

‘Butterflies, by the honorable Resplendent Crane ancestors
Yen Zu and Lu Po-Kung:

Inthe summer of the second year of the Ding freriod,
the honorable Resplendent Crane mandarin and sage,
Ly Po-Rung of the one Court, came to my Boiling
study and stayed fortwo months. Togeter we keAd the
RiChuanand the works oftheGreatMasters, meditated
on the writings of Xue, and cisoussed the Five Constant
Virtues. We lamented that the doctrines of the Crane's
Way mere as broad and wide as a sea with no shore.
There ake so Many lanis! Theke ake So Many koads to
salvation! In the bleak period of the Fifth Age, these
works axe still the foundation for teaining new soldiers
in the way of Righteousness, yet no student can stat
down the Zoad Back on his onh using only these tomes.
_ Thou darkening times, ne agqeeed there was a chance
that Many who had nenly taken the Second Breath

would Hot Receive fRObER insteuction. As Mmasteks And
peAcheRS; we feltwe Te take Stes toensue that none
who were willing to walk our path would be leftbelrind in
eternal darkness.

‘To thatend, we produced the following tome, since
learning is the foundation of wisdom.

Fearing that a young Wah Ruel would not know
where to stakt on the pkoper path to enlightenment, ne
selected passages from the Five Classics and the Great
Learning thatembody the fundamentals of our beliefs
and we related them to the Application of daily duties.
Our work contains those essentials that addkess the
student's seaxch for the beginnings of things, the tenets
of belief the EightLoms Path, the rules of daily conduct,
the kules of managingothers, understandingot orthodox
schools of our thought, and observations of ouk sages,
bodhisativas and worthies. Without this knowledge, we
would all be susceptible to coxkujtion — the student
moke than any. : :

Although we cannot allow those new to our Dhaka
to ventuke unguided into the fundamentals of ou puke
Mokal principles, if the ne wily reborn hin is completély
ignorant of the basics, nheke will he be nen he is fully
tained and fokepaked to foe the disease that blankets
theworld? This tome inteoduces those basicssothestudent
can undekstand ouk path as a whole without needing

4

to comprehend All its intertwining der K
following algo. MAN batten pe Apply our
gohan tohis daily life And freRsonal pikactiog. He
leARKS themeaning of honok And integrity. He
understands the importance of the Fivefold Way
and the Eight Cots Path. He upholds the laws. He
feels vigor in his limbs and excitement in his head at
the thought of kidding the world of plague ahd
RetuRN ING it to the Age of Heaven.

Spread thisworkeverynhers.toeverysmalltonn,
nee And hamlet, so se fe who i Teakn our
ways.candoso. When the next hin rises from his qeave
inanisolated village, away fromthe school or temple of
Anenlightened Crane teacher; his mastekmay tuk) to
this book to help hiv choose ou way: Tf. this same
student then broods ovek the ihformation found here
And turns itover in his own mind, heshall discover the
koots of righteousness. Full of knonledge of ouk ways,
he can then seek out and kead the works of the Gaeat
Masters seetheik meanings recite theikwords, absorb
thei wisdom and ketikn to the teuths of ouk Dharma:
Such study fikepares the student to joukney to one of
the Five August Coukts, where he may keceive all the
proper instruction, beauties andkichnessof the Cranes.

1S WAY, this Tome communicates Ovi teachings to
thosé who ake otherwise failing in the darkness, and
works against the mining of the Great Wheel.
Insteuctionand teachingare sloays oumostponertul
tools against the Yama Kings.

This tome.also provicles the beginning of dixection
for therdedicated student. The student who proceeds
accordingly from here, Reading the Ki Chuan,
meditating onthe Five Constant Virtues, earning feo
wise teacheks and applying the lans to every Action,
thus finds 4 firm pai on the Road Back. tf,
however, the student refrains from study ok the
Applieation ofthe rules of conduct, re drifts inemptiness
ahd vacuity. A student without pkopek instruction
TRYING tOnAvigatethe ways of thé woldislikea traveler
trying to Make his path through a storm at midnight:
Hecanseelittle, movelittle, and actlittle. Astudentwith
Pers ore is steong and has the tools to quide

im through the same storm. This book is the kor of
the first step on the way to haxmony.

Understand the words contained in this tome.
Meditate on theik Meanings: Follor theik teuths. They
agethe beginnings ofthe correct path asnokd against
the plague of wickedness, And the tools with which to
save the wokld. They ake the foundations of integrity
in AlcRUMbIINg society: Th these laws we find the
forinciples of Heaven and Earth.

Megfex yor Gu

Master yen2u
Mandakin of the Blood Court of Beijing

HarMonjous Way

_ The Respléndent ‘Cranes view themselves as the
~ guardians of Cathayan integrity Ieis in their hands, to
uphold the mandate of Heaven and return their people to
its grace. The Cranes are Damned, but they believe the
~ strictapplication of rules, laws, analects, scriptures, writings
"and doctrines holds the key to their redemption'and that
of the entire world. Their state of being is punishment for
| the sin of pride, yet this punishment is not eternal. If they
strive to live ina close approximation.to the way they did
in ancient times, before Heaven punished the Wan Xian,
they can become holy warriors once agains According to
their teachings, many of their bodhisattvas have returned
to this blessed state.

However, a long, hard road lies between being Kuei-
jin and being warriors of Heaven, and no one is entirely
certain anymore what behavior and actions are necessary
for that transformation. The Resplendent Cranes find
© themselves bickering overthesmall details oftheir doctrine
in hopes of uncovéting the combination of laws, tenets
and beliefs that will serve as a magic bullet to turn the
Great Cycle back toward the Age of Heaven, redeem
‘Cathayans of their undying twin state and rid the world of
corruption. Even in the midst of the chaos at the end of
/ the Fifth Age, the Cranes still argue over.who is right and
who is wrong, ‘since that dis on. may mean the

difference between salvation and obliteration.

(On Living THe Way
4 Fromthe outside, the Cranes seem a humorless bunch,
too busy going on and on about corruption, disease,
plague, integrity, honor and propriety to get around to the
_ business of being undead, drinking blood or murdering a
Outsiders here and there. Their ceaseless upstanding
ways, and their tendency to impose them on everyone
else, don't win them many friends. But, their moral codes
\ work-together to form a genuine road map to
Wnlightenment. —
"A ResplendenttCrane doesn't merely live within the
_ boundaries of the Dharma's laws, although many of the
‘young ones who have yet to experience ling strive to'do
just that. The»Crane learns to live the laws to the point
where he becomes one with them. The laws become a
_ natural partofhis existence. The enlightened Resplendent
" Crane never wavers when faced with amoral decision. He
is never plagued with self-doubt. He never hesitates
before taking action, because he knows, absolutely, that
_ the action he is about'to take is the correct one.
As the Crane walks his toad. to enlightenment, he
~ sees the laws of the Dharma as the pattern that holds the
world together. He understands how the laws govern the
changing of the seasons, the patterns of the weather, the
‘petals of a floweror the movements of an enemy. He flows
| withthe laws and reshapes himself accordingly.


Orpen is Pringle

Of course, the laws followed byResplendent Granes are
far divorced from the laws of mortals, othershenorevenother
Dharmas. Sometimes, Cranes act bizarrely, yet completely
within. the realm of the rules set forth by their beliefs. One
night, a Crane maypiously tendthe shrinesofhis parents and
thereby ensure the prosperity of his descendants. The next
night, he might be off torching a church, killing the entire
congregation locked inside. He does not see these acts as the
veneration of death'or feel the loss of mortal life. He sees in
them honorpaid to his parentsand a culling of the wicked —
all part of his duties as outlined in the tenets'of his)Dharma.

The Resplendent Crane always works within his
Dharma'slawsandscriptures, but these stricturesaredesigned
to bring the Crane back to the state 6f purity before
punishment, not to make him a latter-day hero. He isnot on
a quest to save the living world, but the whole world, and
this often includes saving*the world from itself.
Interpretations of the sixth tenet, ordering Cranes to
correct the "wicked," may include bloodshed, but one pays
a price for eliminating the disease.

» THe Comjng oF THE Sixth AcE

All of the rules, laws and scriptures of the Crane's Way
are designéd.to accomplish one major goal: to return the
Middle Kingdom .to the Age of Heaven. The Cranes
believe they have the power to reverse the otherwise
inevitable turning of the Great Wheel before it reachesthe

and ee aremot going'to stop until they achieve that goal,

Unfortunately, this is noveasy task. Northemers'and x= |
other foreigners overrun the world; bringing their filth,
disease and:.corruption with them.)The ‘people of the
Golden Courts,carry thei itaint of wickedness, some
irrevocably. The plague has. spread so thickly that some
haye begun tobelieve turningback the Great Wheelisnow _ i
an impossible task. : a F

Yet most Resplendent Cranes have not given up hope *
andhave pledged themselves to: this Herculéan
achievement. If they cull enough of the plague-bearers, if
they chop away enough ofithe diséase, if they burn away
enough wickedness and réplace it with coré¢taction and
integrity, they can save the Middle Kingdom fromitself. As :
long as Chi still flows from Heaven, the Resplendent
Cranes bélieve they have one last chance to save the Kuéi-
jin from themselves and set the Ten Thétisand aa
back on the path' ‘toitedemption. %

The specific meaning of 1 turning back the Wheel i isa
matter for great debate within the Dharma. Some see.a- |
literal retum to the dawn of time, a reversing of fate and ~~
destiny. Others see in ita way/to bypassithe devastating
Sixth Age andbegina: toward virtueand harmony.

In the end, these distinctions are fine indeed: all Cranes:
work to return the world to harmony and? are ready. t to
sacrifice anything to do $0.


Although:times are tense, the Resplendent Cranes
"try very hard'to maintain the ancient ways. They still

Place high value on obeying the laws and elders. They

continue to emphasize education of new Kuei-jin,not just
in the scriptures and tefiets of the Dharma, but also to give
the new tectuits tools to combat the corruption facing the
world. They. continue to learmfrom courts, Dharmas and
-acto8s the Middle Kingdom, to further theit'6wn and
others' enlightenment.

Resplendent Cranes see their tenets as a road map to
salvation. They place the highest emphasis on the Eight
+ Lotus Path, the collection of koans that provides a passage
-alongthe RoadBack. They continué'to rootout wickedness
and: corruption. wherever' they find it — in the'form of
outsiders, shen aiid akuma, or even within themselves.

mm They hold the Fivefold Way, as handed down by the

Grand Arhat, as the ultimate social model for Kuei-jin
Society. They continue down the Road Back, hoping one
their proper place under Heavens

Fach Crane must find his or her own path through
this: tangle*of laws; Scriptures; rules and moral codes,
howeyer. The Cranes believe laws are useless if those they

~"govern:cannot abide by them. Unfair laws, they believe,

only breed further corruption and the laws, ultimately,
must suit the Crane as much as the Crane must suit the

™~!, laws. The vampire who discovers this balance not only

al

*

%

"follows the Dharma effortlessly, but can see the pattern of
how the laws telaté to herself, others in her wu and the
whole world:

How To Use Tijs Boor

Dharma Book: Resplendent Cranes is your guide to
""the Shining "Ice Guardians, one of the paths to
enlightenmentset! forth in ancient times by Grand Master
Xue. This introduction coyers the basics of the Dharma,
while subsequent chapters address specific points.

The Mandate of Heaven provides insight into the
philosophy behind the Way of the Resplendent Crane,
including the history ofthe Dharma, the tenets it holds so
dear, views on training. techniques, a dissection of the
‘Eight Lotus Path, and adiscussion of the Great Wheel. In
typical Crane fashion, this:chapter takes the form of a

philosophical "debate between members of the Dharma,
"each quoting important texts at one another.

Principles of Peace describes the sects within the
Resplendent Cranes; their dealings withother Dharmas,
important places for the Cranes and famous ww. Finally,
the chapter examines the extensive Crane inyolyement
with the Great Leap Outward — the Cathayan push to
bring virtue (and Virtuous rettibution) to the West.

The Benefits of Splendor outlines a variety of new
tools and toys for the Resplendent Crane player and
toryteller-to further enrich the game. These tools include

> RespLenpenr Cranes

more Traits, Rites, Discipline techniques, and character
concepts for building exciting-and engaging characters.

The Righteous Young provides a collection of
templates for building characters, while Masters and
Worthies presents a group of Storyteller characters who
are important to the i Grane Dharma.

Law isa language unto itsélf. Onlythose schdoled in
it truly understand its twists and turns, and the
Resplendent Crane system of teaching and learning does
not leave language out of its curriculum: Obsessed with
righteousness, integrity and the law,\the Cranes have
built their own vocabulary over the thousands of years of.
their existence. The following is a small part of the
Dharmic lexicon.

Eight Lotus Path: The core of the first tenet of the
Way of the Resplendent Crane, the Eight Lotus Path is
made of eight koans, or "lotuses," about the proper way to
conduct one's unlife.. These'are supplemental beliefs to
the other seven tenets of the Dharma. Cranes believe that
following the Eight Lotus Path will lead them tosalvation.

Five Classics: A group of five key texts of mortal
thought, namely The Book of History, The Book of Odes,
The Book of Changes, The Book of Rites and The Springand
Autumn Annals. For thousands of years, many accepted
the Five Classics as manuals of conduct for dealing with
daily situations: Not all Cathayans adhere to their faith
in the Five Classics, however, claiming that their
condition is fundamentally different from, the one
described by the mortal Great Masters in these works.

Five Constant Virtues: Strength, righteousness,
propriety, wisdom and faithfulness are the five virtues
the Resplendent Cranes consider the most important.
Every Crane must strive to:embody these virtues at all
times, or tisk falling out-of favor. Cranes see in these
virtues the personal manifestation of the Fivefold Way,
Xue's edicts on' Kueijin sOciety.

Great Learning: Made up of a pamphlet of the same
thame, The Book of Mencius, The Analects, The Doctrine of
the Mean and the Ki Chuan this collection is considered
the basis of moral law in Resplendent Crane society. It
is also referred'to as "The Education of the Adult." The
pamphlet called The Great Learning builds upon the Ki
Chuan, often pulling quotes or concepts from the other
works to elaborate on concepts explored in. the

_fundamental text in a way that elder Cranes can use to

teach and from which younger Cranes can learn.

jen: Literally Chinese for "seeds," the Cranes use jen
to mean "virtue" or "integrity." Jen is the latent supreme
excellence‘r perfect virtue inabeing, Near the beginning
of the Fifth Age, the definition was expanded'to include
the perfection of Heaven, the August Personage of Jade
and the ancient Wan Xian warriors.

masters and. worthies: A colloquialism stemming
from, China referring to-highly educated Kuei-jin who

have progressed far enough along their Dharma that
they can teach students. Students refer to acollection of
jina and mandarins in this manner.

Mean, the: The foundation of the universe dictates
that all things must have'an opposite. Where there is
Yang, there is Yin. Where there is P'o, there is Hun. The,

Mean is the principle of regularity and even-handedness,

theuniversally recognized law of morality. Understanding
the Mean means to find a center between good and evil,
softness and harshness, strength and weakness. A great
master understands the laws of the Mean.

Shining. Ic Guardians: Colloquialism for the
Resplendent Cranes. This name alludes to their belief in
a tale of a stork that once pulled from the ice a frog that
turned irito a butterfly, as well as their cold, dispassionate
demeanor when déaling with wickedness:Among Cranes,
the term generally reférs to those who adhere closely to
the orthodox interpretation of the Dharma promulgated
in the Blood Court of Beijing.

Superior Man, the: The ideal Resplendent Crane, a
Kuei-jin who has so integrated righteousness and law that
he acts morally without having to think about it. This
concept is a teaching device used to illustrate moral action
and attitudes, rather than to tefer to a specific person.

those who stand aside: Accepted dissenters from
Crane orthodoxy. Those who stand aside refers to followers
ofdivergentsects who donot refute any of the fundamental
teachings of the Crane's Way. These sects are an accepted
part of Dharmiclife,and even those who follow orthodoxy
often spénd'time studying with them. These flirtations
can. last months or centuries.

those who turn the face: Heretics against Grane
orthodoxy. Those whe turn the face reject one or more
of the key principles of the Way of the Resplendent
Crane: They are often unliving zealots, pursuing a single
Dharmic:teaching to the exclusion of all others. They
usually opérate in' secret, justifiably fearing reprisals
from the orthodoxy.


Tht Manpare or Heaven W

FNE MANDATE
OF N&EAVEN

To influence people with virtue is the foundation of government,
while laws and systems are the instruments of government. When both
are applied to help each other, government will flourish. But there must
first be the idea before the laws can be put into practice. Otherwise, if
there are selfish desires inside, it will be impossible to try and practice
humanity and righteousness outside.

—Chang Po-hsing, Chin-ssu lu chi-chieh, 8:15a-16b

TEXTUAL jNTRODUCTJONS

Translator's Note from Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

The format of philosophical texts written by followers of the Way of the Resplendent Crane has become formalized over ¥
the past several thousand years. Used as teaching tools during the earlier periods, the texts traditionally take the form of a
question and answer session, where a nameless student asks a question, and the masters debate the issue. These "masters"
may have existed dozens or hundreds of years apart, but since their views remain valid, the texts are written as if they are all
together in a room responding to the supposed student.
p This format mimics teaching sessions held in formal settings during the Fourth Age and part of the Fifth. Students wo
ask questions and the masters answered with advice, parables, and philosophical diatribes. Contradictions weré rife'as one
or more masters disagreed on a topic, but all views, being equal, were included to give the student the widest. possible
, understanding of the issue. Scribes recorded these disagreements for later foundations of debate and as examples of educated
* Cranes falling into the pit of misguided beliefs on their way to enlightenment.

T have translated the following selections from the collection of manuscripts called Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies,
written by the honored ancestors Yen ZuandLu Po-kung, and penned near the middle of the Fifth Age. As the masters explain
in their introduction, their aim was to collect all the essential: pieces of Resplendent Crane philosophy into one.convenient
reference book for the advanced student and the newly reborn Kuei-jin. Like their forebears, these wise ancestors preserved
the student-master-master dialogue to maintain the flavor of the ancient text and conform to the standards set out by earlier
worthies. They believed format to be as important as content ,as oftentimes the passages were committed to'memory and used
as sutras or koans during meditation.

Although the dialogues may feel wooden to the modern student, authors used this format for thousands of years, and it
remains the preferred format for Resplendent Crane teaching manuals even in modern times. The student; upon mastering"

¢ this work, should seek our the texts on which this book is based, including the Ki Chuan and the rest of the Great Learning, 4
¢- to further his education.
Good luck, and good learning.

Kim Soo Dong
Master of Archives,
Green Courts,

Seoul, Korea
March 13, 1957

12
Omner Vojces

_ September 23, 2001

between ten years' experience and one year's
experience ten times. Chat you have

| presented me a modern Korean translation off
| "Reflectionsef PregsandiButterflees"asproofof
 Hewever, D recognize that ene must speak
appended to selections prom "Weflections" other

Wrereover, they hiscredet
the rigidity of interpretation inherent in the
"Reflections" and gour own pronouncements,

: D trust that in light of this gou will cease

against your position.

ee ely ps

Provatbng

Tue Ancjentr EMPEROR
From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:
Beginning in his education, a student asks the great master

fora tale of times before, so he can understand the teachings of
the Dharma and grasp their meaning.

The great bodhisattva Cheng Yi answers the student:

In a time now past in China, there ascended to the
throne of the Yellow Emperor a great and powerful ancestor
of all the Shining Ice Guardians, Master Tzu Ying of the
Seven Rivers. Although he was strong in his beliefs and
advanced in his Dharma, he ruled his people fiercely. If
anyone violated the rules of etiquette in his presence, he
would order their hands and feet chopped off. If anyone
violated his laws, he would order them to face the Eye of
Heaven. Many feared his wrath.

This ancestor decided that he no longer had any use
for the old laws and ways. He disavowed the Eight Lotus
Path. He vilified the Fivefold Way. He proclaimed to all

Respenpenr Cranes

his people, "No Wan Kuei after me will learn of our
ancient ways. They will follow the new ways I will set
forth. Therefore, I will get rid of all the old traditions,
koans, analects and poems, and make laws anew. I will
order all the books and scriptures collected and burned.
This is the way we shall return to Heaven." In this way,
he believed he could save the world. The people, with
sorrow in their hearts, dutifully collected the great works
of the ancient masters and worthies and committed
them to the flames.

Realizing the ancestor's folly, the wisest sages of the
age spirited away many books. They carried as many as
they could in their arms, and plastered them in a wall.
That is how they were preserved, although many sages lost
their lives that day.

Tzu Ying ruled for many years, and all trembled.
Without the laws of the ancients, chaos ran rampant
through the land. Wickedness spread. The Yama Kings
won many slaves, and the detested akuma stalked the
righteous. Some gave in totally to their P'o nature and
went over to the Devil-Tigers. Many Cranes did not learn
the proper conduct, and could not advance in their
learning. But Tzu Ying stood strong, and no one could
challenge him for fear of their very existence.

One day, the minister of this horrible ancestor,
Chao Kao, had a vision of a great crane standing on the
ice, a frog in its jaws. The crane gently set the frog on the
ice, and the frog turned into a butterfly. In a sudden flash
of enlightenment, he knew the ancestor had acted in
great wickedness.

Chao Kao could no longer stand by as an honorable
man while the Way and the Path were discarded. He
looked upon the evil that had ravished the land, the wars
and the plague of northern barbarians. He wished a return
to the ways of the ancients, when times were good, as they
had been before Tzu Ying. He said, "If the distance on the
Road Back between the ancestor and 1 is so far now, what
will it be like when this ancestor is on the throne longer?
What will happen in a year? In ten? What will happen to
the whole of the world if this continues?"

He knew something had to be done.

Chao Kao conceived of an insurrection, but he did
not know the temper of the people. He had to test their
loyalties. A few days later, Chao Kao led a stag before the
ancestor, and said with a bow, "Honored ancestor, is this
not a great horse I bring before you?"

Tzu Ying laughed and said, "Why, Chao Kao, that is
nota horse, but a stag! Anyone cansee that! Do you think
me mad?"

However, Chao Kao replied, "It is a horse. What else
could it be? Consult the people and see what they think
it is."

Tzu Ying asked the people if it was a horse or a stag,
and they answered all as one that it was a horse. Chao Kao
thought, "Ah ha! The people are clearly on my side! Ican
revolt against this ancestor without fear, and the people's


Tar Manoare oF Heaven ae 4 |_|

hearts and minds will follow." He traveled among the
courts and corpse families, and secretly raised a great
army. After observing Tzu Ying's weaknesses, he attacked
and drove the ancestor from the throne.

In the darkness of midnight, Tzu Ying begged on his
knees before Chao Kao not to send him back to Yomi, yet
he knew that Chao Kao believed in the old way. "Let me
live as only a mandarin!" he pleaded, but Chao Kao said
no. "Let me live as one of the loyal subjects!" he begged.
Chao Kao, again, said no. "Then let me live, but despise
me as you would despise a chih-mei!" Tzu Ying pleaded
desperately, but Chao Kao could only see Tzu Ying's
wickedness, and therefore ended his second life.

Chao Kao knew he had to set things right. He bade
the wise masters to retrieve the ancient texts from their
hiding place. He returned law and righteousness to the
people, and purged all the akuma who had taken root. He
ordered the destruction of wickedness, and put correct
action in its place.

Integrity returned to the land. Honor was restored. The
Damned returned to their journey along the Road Back.

Chao Kao taught that the ancient laws keep away
chaos and madness, and bring peace to those who choose
to travel the long road to enlightenment. The people were
in joy. He became one of the greatest ancestors of the
Resplendent Cranes until it was time for him to go out
into the landasa bodhisattva, finish his great journey, and
return to Heaven.

So it is remembered, so it is written.

The Crane AND THE jcE

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

The student asked of the master, "That is a story of long
ago, and clearly a story, but what about the true history of the
Resplendent Cranes?"

Master Chou Tun Yi answered the student:

Ina time now past in China, Xue walked the world
with great sorrow in his heart, for the Wan Xian had fallen
from Heaven. They had committed the sin of pride, and
Heaven had punished them for their wickedness. The
August Personage of Jade had not cast them into Hell, but
had cursed them to return to the world through the
Second Breath and watch through new eyes, hungering to
taste the flesh of their own family.

Xue sought answers. He wandered to and fro. He
walked under bush and over mountain and through
forest. He crossed rivers and deserts. He trod through
snow. He sought enlightenment from every quarter, but
none would come.

He pondered the meaning of wickedness, the ways of the
ancestors, and the great transgression before Heaven, but he
understood nothing. No answers would come! No
enlightenment would shine upon him! In his exhaustion,
Xue sat down to rest. He lay beneath the Falls of Tong for
many days and many nights. His body bloated, and his skin
turned green. Nonecouldhave looked upon him andsurvived.


14

In terrible hunger, Xue emerged from the water,
defeated. Naked, he knelt in the snow. The cold bit into
his flesh. The wind ripped his hair. Xue despaired.

And there, on the edge of a pond, stood a crane. In the
moonlight, the crane bent down and plucked a frog from
the ice with its beak. It leaned over and placed the frog on
the ice, and the frog became a butterfly. Xue was enlightened.

We, the Resplendent Cranes, follow this wisdom,
handed down from the Grand Arhat. The ultimate hope
ofareturn to the Age of Heaven drives us. While the Wan
Kuei may be frogs swimming in a pond now, one day we
can become butterflies and fly with the beauty of integrity
and honor. Our state is not merely punishment, but a
constant reminder of a sacred duty that we failed to fulfill,
asacred duty that will be ours once more. But one cannot
return to the true righteousness of Heaven on one's own.
Trying to walk the Road Back without a guide is like
trying to cross a treacherous mountain pass in a blizzard.

In the beginning, we had only the Fivefold Way of
honor and integrity. The Grand Arhat gave it to us all as
a guide on the Road Back. That Great Principle was a
shining beacon in the night, illuminating the pride that
cast us all into darkness and sending it scurrying back to
a corner. It served as a reminder of the paths of
righteousness.

Yet the Fivefold Way was not enough, and many
Kuei-jin were lost to the Yama Kings. During the Fourth
Age, toassist those who could not follow the words of the
Grand Arhat alone, the great sages and worthies of the
Resplendent Crane Dharma supplemented the wisdom of
Xue with the teachings of the legendary bodhisattvas who
had succeeded early in their quest for enlightenment.
Following Xue's example, these sages designed other
lamps to light the path: the laws, the Great Learning, the
Five Great Books, the Eight Lotus Path.

These teachings contain all the enlightenment of
times now past, and are the foundation of Resplendent
Crane thought. They provide a roadmap to return to
righteousness without effort. By following the laws of
these enlightened ancestors, the seeker learns to act
virtuously without asecond thought, govern fairly without
hesitation, and act honorably without fail. The wise
Crane, schooled in the ways of the ancients, always knows
which path to take when faced with a divide. He never
thinks, never worries, and is always correct in his action.
He is in true harmony. This is the way to Heaven.

In the Fourth Age, teaching was simple: Learn the
laws, learn the Fivefold Way, learn the Eight Lotus Path,
and salvation happens naturally. Leaving the life of law
was dangerous, but reveling in the laws assured a return to
the beginning and the purity of Heaven. Yet, even with
the Eight Lotus Path, the laws, the books, the tenets, the
teachingsand the worthies, there were those who managed
to get lost on the Road Back. There were those who acted
wickedly and without honor, who disregarded family, wu
and court. There were still those lost to the Yama Kings,

Respienpenr Cranes

who became akuma. Casualties exist in any war, and we
have lost plenty in our fight against corruption.

Over the millennia, the Resplendent Cranes have
had to refine the laws to keep up with the changing
condition of the world. As the Great Wheel turns and
Ages pass, the fundamental condition of the universe
alters. The Cranes update their laws to reflect this, as what
is righteous and correct in one Age may not be righteous
and correct in the next.

In the Fifth Age, the laws have multiplied in response
to the growing corruption of the world. The ancestors
believe more laws allow the young Kuei-jin to think less
about their place in things, and therefore require less
effort to return to purity. The effectiveness of this technique
is the root of many debates between the different sects of
Resplendent Cranes. The disputes have become so furious
that many have left to start their own sects based on the
nature of the laws.

Some of the young claim there are now so many laws
that they forma tangled spider web which holds us all fast.
They claim they cannot discern right from wrong, sinceso
many laws tell them so many different things. Rules have
heaped upon rules, and the young cannot tell what is
correct action anymore. Other young Wan Kuei suffer an
opposite problem. Instead of being paralyzed by thoughts
of seemingly contradictory laws, they follow those they
know with an unholy zeal, never tempering their actions
with thought. If the former are no better than endlessly
reflective Bone Flowers, these latter are no better than
wild Devil-Tigers. The mandarins and jina scoff at the
complaints and failings of the young; only aclearly lit path
can be the mechanism to stop the Great Wheel. Laws,
they say, are simply further definitions and refinements of
the universe.

And here we are, in the Fifth Age, facing the
corruption, and possible end, of the entire world.

Tue Living Law

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

Master Chou Tun Yi continues:

According to the philosophy of the Resplendent
Cranes, for everything under Heaven, there must be a law.
Law is the principle through which the Hun is willed into
existence and enlightenment wells forth. It survives
between the pulls of Yin and Yang. It tames the P'o.

Law is the basis for all things. It is self-evident, self-
sufficient, eternal, concrete, definite, unalterable and
correct. Every blade of grass, every tree, and all things
under Heaven possess it, and do so in sufficient amount.
It is the driving force behind the creation and
destruction of all things. The law is a living thing,
growing with the seeds of its followers' souls, blooming
among the worthy, and bestowing honor like dew on
the blades of grass at dawn.

Resplendent Cranes live the law in a form that best
applies to the aim of returning'to Heaven. Those who are

‘Tht Manpare oF Heaven

still living or those of the other Dharmas may not
understand the laws, yet to us they are clear. We have
codified our laws in the form of the eight tenets. These
tenets, in turn, expose other laws to follow on the way to
enlightenment. The laws are the riddle of the onion: the
outer layers only convey shape and size, while the pure
essence lies inside. The master must reach the center.

Beginning with the small and intimate life with one's
family or wu, the enlightened must accumulate and spread
his overflowing influence so that not one single person or
thing in the world can escape it. Every person, every
thing, must be touched by righteousness. Only then can
one put into practice the laws and systems of the Way of
the Resplendent Crane. This is the secret to halting the
Great Cycle and turning it back on its course.

Tue First Tener

Follow the Eight Lotus Path

A student asks the master why the Cranes must always
follow the Eight Lotus Path when the other Dharmas are not
constrained to such ancient scripture.

The Master Ming-tau Yu-shu replies:

In ancient times, a great master, Chou Mao-Shou,
was about to cross the Yangtze River. Suddenly, a wind
picked up. Black clouds obscured the sky. Dark gales
whipped up the waves. On the shore, the boatman turned
pale, afraid the small boat would capsize if they tried to
cross in the raging torrent. Chou reassured the boatman of
his safety.

The master climbed into the little boat with his
mirror and shone it on the water. When he did this, the
light illuminated the water all the way to the bottom.
Suddenly, the clouds parted and the waves calmed down.
The master could then continue on his journey.

The Eight Lotus Path is our unalterable and eternal
path to Heaven. It contains the eight steps to our return.
A mind of the Crane is the mirror. The Eight Lotus Path
is the mirror's brightness. When the mind focuses on the
Eight Lotus Path, the mirror's brightness reflects all
confusion away. All clouds disperse. All gales pass. The
wise sage, armed with the mirror, can cross any river. He
can end any storm.

The minds of those concentrating on the Eight Lotus
Path can perceive the illusory nature of things and clearly see
right from wrong. The unenlightened, without the Eight
Lotus Path, only see a reflection of reality, and are confused.
They flounder in the darkness. Hold tight to the mirror, and
follow the way of brightness. It is our way to salvation.

Tue Seconp Tener
Follow the Fivefold Way

A student asks the master why the Cranes must always
follow the Fivefold Way in a manner far more strict than the
other Dharmas.

The Master Ming-tau Yu-shu replies:

In ancient times, the Grand Athat handed down the
Fivefold Way as the Great Principle for all of the Hungry
Dead to follow. It contains the fundamental steps of the
Road Back and places each of the Ten Thousand Demons
in his own place in the great order. When following the
Fivefold Way, one cannot drift off the stairs or stop
abruptly. One must climb on.

Astudent should start with what he understands. At
the first step, he examines the Way of the Origin, and sees
that all Wan Kuei originate from the same place: they
have all fought their way out of Hell and have taken the
Second Breath. Once the student comprehends this, he
can take another step, to the Way of Lineage, and
understand the wisdom inherent in the workings of the
great masters and worthies. The student can then progress
to the third step, the Way of Integrity, and witness the
impact of his actions on himself and others. Only with
great honorcana Wan Kuei transcend his state and return
to righteousness. Understanding the previous steps leads
to the Way of Obligation, the ability to see the duty and
responsibility to set in righteousness and teach others in
the wu, the family, the court, and the Dharma. Once the
student understands his duty, he can take the final step
onto the Way of Propriety. He understands the correctness
of hisactions. He flows with principle. He understands his
place and the way he must be. He is in harmony.

Ifa Wan Kuei understands the Great Principle clearly,
he is happy to follow it. He lives the Fivefold Way without
effort. He can see how it affects the self on its path to the
Road Back, and he thus follows the Five Constant Virtues
with ease. By following the wisdom of the Fivefold Way,
we can find our way back to Heaven. This is the wisdom
of Xue, and the foundation ofall other tenets and Dharmas.

Tue Tajrp Tener

When you lose control, make amends. The Demon
guides you but does not own you.

Accurious student asks his master, "Can we do without the
P'o mind, or should we give into it? And if we give into it, what
should we do?"

The Master Po Ying replies:

How can we do without the P'o mind? It is part of us.
However, the Hun is the ruler and the Demon must obey
its orders. The P'o mind is like a soldier while the Hun
mind is the general. The Demon is dangerous, but the
Hun is subtle. Concentrate on the Hun.

The Resplendent Crane sage recognizes that
sometimes the P'o does not respond to the Hun like a
good soldier. Control is lost, desire takes hold, and the
P'o acts with great dishonor. One must make amends for
these times.

Remember that the dishonor created by the Demon
is a burden, and the Dharma is a carriage on the Road
Back. To carry a burden and ride in a carriage is to invite
robbers and bandits. However firm and in control the wise

sage may be, when bandits attack, there is always regret.
A sage does not carry a burden, but travels the road
unfettered. He is free of worry.

To free the Demon and fail to make amends for its
transgressions is to open the way to danger. If the sage does
not make amends, he becomes lax. He indulges the
Demon. Regulations and standards collapse. He forgets
the chaos he has caused. The roots of wickedness sprout
and take hold. He loses his way on the Road Back, and is
lost forever.

If the sage continues with the burden of the Demon,
he taints all others whom he contacts and who emulate
his actions or speak his words. The tainted carry this to
others, poisoning all Wan Kuei in wu, court and country.
All may fall because the sage chose not to make amends.

The Fourth Tener
When injustice or corruption appears, correct it to
the best of your abilities.

The student asks, "Master, when we witness an act of
corruption, how should the wise Crane respond?"

The Master Po Ying replies:

Corruption breeds dishonor. Dishonor creates
wickedness. Wickedness allows the Great Cycle to turn.
Beat back corruption; let purity and law flow through
the land.

Yet what to do when confronted with injustice and
corruption? There is an old saying by the Great Master
Cheng Yi, "Take away the force of the hog's teeth and
there will be great fortune." A hog is a fierce beast. If one
tries to control it by force, one has to work hard to get it
under control. The hog runs wild and bites hands that
attempt to master it. Chaos ensues. However, if one
removes the hog's will to use its teeth, although the teeth
remain, the hogno longer feels the need to bite, and is easy
to control. When confronted with injustice, the sage
follows the principle of removing the hog's teeth. He must
eliminate corruption from the world, yet he cannotcontain
it simply by force. He examines it, gets at the root of the
corruption, and stops it at its source.

The sage understands that corruption may not be
rooted in a single individual. If desire drives the people,
such as a want to alleviate cold, hunger or pain, even the
threat of execution and death may not deter them from
committing acts of great wickedness. How does one
overcome the corruption of hundreds, thousands, or even
millions of people? The wise sage, advanced in his Dharma,
sees more than force as an answer to correct the problem.
He understands that he must find a method to stop
people's desires. He institutes governmental measures
and laws, and he teaches the Eight Lotus Path and the
Fivefold Way. He provides neither power nor punishment,
but promotes education and satisfies the people's needs.
He teaches his own people the ways of integrity and
shame, and allows them to carry the message to the other
Dharmas, the mortals, and the shen. In this way, even

when the people are tempted with great power or
knowledge, they do not stray from the Road Back.

The Fier Tener

Be generous to the worthy, defend the weak and
instruct the young and errant.

The student asks the master about the state of younger and
lesser Wan Kuei. "Why should we give of ourselves to the
worthy, the young, and the errant?"

The Master Ho Shih-sheng replies:

From time to time, it is important for the Resplendent
Crane to ask himself questions. Where is he on the path?
Where does he want to be next? How is he going to grow?

When a Wan Kuei takes the Second Breath, he is
only a husk of possibility. He is a seed. He is what he was
and he is what he might be. With the water of integrity,
the seed sprouts, spreading its green leaves to the sun in
the spring. The seed bursts forth branches, leaves and
flowers while the roots stay hidden in the deep, dark
ground. The visible nature is the Hun, and the hidden is
the P'o. Cultivate the seed with righteousness, tend the
branches and leaves with the laws, and the seed will grow
infinitely. A bodhisattva is a tree a thousand feet tall as
one continuous whole, from roots to branches to leaves.

An advanced student understands that all beings are
seeds, and the Resplendent Cranes are gardeners on the
Road Back. The student must pick, prune, and encourage
growth in others. He realizes he is not only tending to the
garden, he is part of its unending cycle of birth and rebirth.
While the student is a seed that has blossomed with
righteousness, he can also nurture the other seeds into the
same righteousness. He tends the seeds and ensures that
they too grow straight to Heaven.

Education of the young and errant is key to dislodging
selfish thoughts and stimulating growth into a great tree.
Protect the weak by cultivating the flowers within the
garden. Observe the worthy, bask in the shade of their
leaves, and learn from their wisdom. This is the principle
that unites us all, from wu to family to court to Dharma.
Cultivating the seeds of others is the same as cultivating
the seed within the self. By tending to the worthy, weak
and errant, we tend to our own enlightenment.

Tue SjxrH Tener

When the wicked will not listen to reason, straighten
them as you were once straightened.

The studentasks, "When we are confronted withawicked
creature, what action must we take?"

The Master Liu Kuan replies:

Tobe righteous in one's heart and possess true integrity
means to turn away from immoral activities, those that
impede the teachings of the Dharma and violate the Eight
Lotus Path and the Fivefold Way. Evil activities are
falsehoods that distract from the Road Back and encourage
the turning of the Great Wheel.

Hearts must turn away from corruption. If one goes

down the path of integrity and accepts instruction to
correct the ways of selfishness and pride, one will return
to the way of Heaven. If one rocks and turns on the Path,
one will find himself lost in the sea of wickedness with no
way to enlightenment. One must be ever vigilant of
possible steps off the path. The Great Master Cheng Yi
said, "One infinitesimal mistake at the beginning can be
an infinite mistake in the end."

Resplendent Cranes tend the great garden under
Heaven. We must watch for weeds to sprout. If one does
not prune the weed, the entire garden succumbs. Like
flowers and weeds, one must examine each act of
wickedness on its own merits. Is the individual or action
a flower that has wilted, or is it truly a weed? A flower
revives with the nourishment and sustenance of education.
A flower can return to the garden. A weed must be rooted
out. No trace may remain.

When a sage turns his back on wickedness, there is no
more wickedness within him and the way is clear. Do not
tolerate wickedness in the self, in the family or in the
world. As you once learned the way of righteousness, so
you must turn others and set them back on the way.

Tae Seventh Tener

Defend the ghosts of your family and protect your
living relations. Do not let them see you, however —
you have become a disgrace to their honor.

The student asks the master questions about the family.
"Master, how should we treat the family, even though we are
no longer among the living?"

The Master Po Ying replies:

There is a foundation for the governing of the world.
It is the self. There is a model for governing the world. It
is the family. The foundation must be correct and the
model must be good. How we tend to our families is how
we tend to the whole world.

That which concerns oneselfand that which concerns
the family is the same. It is the pattern for the nature of
destiny. To progress fully on the Road Back, one must
practice filial piety and brotherly respect, for these reflect
back on the self and lay the groundwork for the way one
must live. The way one leads one's family along the road
of righteousness is how one also progresses along that
same road.

Beware of the temptation to retreat from the world.
Although the Wan Kuei are damned, influence is still felt
through their actions. Beware the impulse to abandon your
court, descendants and the ghosts of parents to enter the
mountains to search for answers. They will not be found there.
Only in actions among your peers will you progress along the
road to enlightenment. Only with righteous actions can the
family also progress down the road of righteousness; allowing
them tostray is like allowingagovernmenttofall intoanarchy.
Do not retreat from the external world, for this abdicates the
requirement of responsibility for the family, and focuses too
much on the P'o and not enough on the Hun. Maintain the
family, maintain the self, and all else will follow.


Yet, although the sage continues to guide the family in
the ways of righteousness, the true Resplendent Crane does
notinterfere directly, as his family believes himdead andan
honored ancestor. The Crane is still among the Damned,
and he still carries the punishment of Heaven. Stay in the
shadows; do not bring the living dishonor, and guide them
to their destiny using the tools and methods available.

The Ejourn Tener

Maintain your dignity, honor and composure. You
are an example of what the Damned can become.

The student asks the master, "When we go out into the
world, how must we conduct ourselves?"

The Master Po Ying replies:

Only through displays of dignity can we serve as
examples. All Wan Kuei have fallen far from Heaven and
must suffer punishment for our pride, but we can overcome
our condition and show that we have controlled the taint
of the Po.

The sage knows effortlessly what action is correct and
what action is incorrect by living the law, but he also
understands moderation in all things. Wickedness is always
wrong, but general good is not necessarily the correct
action. One must know when to be strong and when to be
weak. Decisiveness, uprightness, strictness, firmness of
action — these acts are strong, yet correct. Kindness,
humility, and mildness — these acts are weak, yet also
correct. Violence, chaos, softness, and indecision are
defects in one's composure. Be strong and free of
wickedness. When one is free of wickedness, both strength
and weakness are correct.

Resplendent Cranes follow the laws of the Grand
Arhat and those of Heaven. We are frogs now, but
through an existence built on strong character we can one
day again ascend to Heaven. Only through one's actions
can one become a butterfly and be beautiful again in the
eyes of the August Personage of Jade. The sages display
acts of filial piety, brotherly love, proper humility and
obeisance to their betters, integrity, shame, propriety,
honor, composure and an understanding of the principles
of the Dharma.

By living in this way, the Cranes attain perfection. To
be a Shining Ice Guardian of character is to live in
righteousness.

UNFOLDjNG THE Lotus oF
VirTuE

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

Master Cheng Yi says:

There is an old Chinese poem:

"The leaves break the bandage of the green stem,
stretch themselves and form a green pool with untidy
edges. Now the flower comes from out of the vast surface

of water, like a beautiful woman coming gracefully from
her bath."

RespLenpent Cranes

The lotus is the bright, white flower in the center of
the murky darkness of the water's bottom. It looks fragile
and weak, yet the stem remains strong against the currents.
Shining Ice Guardians strive to emulate this ideal. In
concentrating on the lotus, the student sees the truth
about himself.

The student must meditate on unfolding the lotus.
The stem rises from the water. The lotus spreads its pure
petals. Reach out and peel them away from the stem.
Within the center of the lotus is the essence of the
Resplendent Crane Dharma: the Eight Lotus Path. Within
these folds, we find enlightenment, and it is here that we
will find salvation for ourselves and for the world.

Tue Ejgur Lotus Path

The Great Master Cheng Yi continues:

The Eight Lotus Path consists of eight koans that,
taken apart, are instructions for living in harmony, and
taken together are a pattern for redemption. The student
must mediate on each of the koans, first alone, then with
a group, to discern the nature of all things. Once the
student has grasped the Eight Lotus Path, he may act
without hesitation, work without fear, and move without
worry, knowing well he is on the path of salvation.

Reach down into the murky water and reveal the lotus.

The First Lotus is the Recognition of Hope. As we once
were, we will someday be, if we recognize the wickedness
of our forebears and return to purity without pride.
Understanding that the work of the Resplendent Cranes
is good and correct, there lives the hope that, one day, we
will be free of our dual nature and return to unity with
Heaven and with ourselves.

The Second Lotus is Virtuous Existence. To live in
correctness in all things is no simple way to be. But if a
seeker properly cultivates righteousness internally, he can
only live virtuously externally. With meditation and
focus, the Crane becomes great without expectation because,
as the great masters have written, "Virtue is not an isolated
instance." No one mistakes the actions of a virtuous man
for anything other than harmony with Heaven.

The Third Lotus is to Nurture. When the Wan Kuei
was alive and brought up children, he taught them as soon
as they could eat or speak. So it is with the great learning of
the Resplendent Cranes. A Shining Ice Guardian must
prevent corruption before it can take root. He rewards
actions that are full of righteousness and punishes actions
full of treachery and recklessness. He teaches the young and
gives strength to the weak. In this way, he learns to control
the desires of the Demon and heals the pain of the family.

The Fourth Lotus is the Purgation of the Wicked. In
every garden, thereare weeds. When weeds grow unchecked,
they choke every flower and every bush, and the garden
falls into ruin. It is also thus among the Damned. There are
those who must be pruned lest they bring ruin upon the
Middle Kingdom. Destroy the wicked, preserve the
righteous, and bring the world back to the beginning.


The Manpare oF Heaven

The Fifth Lotus is Instruction. When a Wan Kuei is
young, he is not the master of knowledge or thought. His
mind is still full of images of Hell. Proverbs and doctrines
should spread before him every day. He should let their
fragrance fill his soul. In time, he learns to master the
ways of the living law, and thus, the Demon. In this way,
if anyone approaches him with any kind of reckless or
evil plan, he is impervious to its wiles and knows right
from wrong.

The Sixth Lotus is the Law. The law exists in all
things. It governs the growing of the grass. It predicts the
changing of the days. It controls the flowing of the water.
It turns day to night and into day again. Adhering to the
law keeps the Hun in control and the P'o subservient.
With the application of the law, a Crane can pronounce
judgments and discern the integrity of all things.

The Seventh Lotus is Harmony. The state before deep
feelings are aroused, such as pleasure, anger or sorrow, is
equilibrium. This is the state of absolute quiet, like the
moment before a fierce storm, a quiet that penetrates all
things. That single moment of enlightenment, when all
passions are equal and all great movements have yet to
start, brings about a quiet of the soul. In harmony, the
Crane can understand all things with clarity.

The Eighth Lotus is to Transcend the Living World.
The earth-bound, once-mortal mind cannot comprehend
Heaven, which is the first among all things and the
progenitor of the entire universe. The only way to reach
back toward Heaven is to break free of the living world
and unite, once again, with the spirit. Only in this way can
we return to our place in creation.

A traveler must know the destination of any journey
before starting out. If he keeps it in mind and has the
virtue to persevere through any obstacle between, he can
teach the goal. The Eight Lotus Path is such a road,
terminating in salvation. A traveler only need follow the
road and keep his mind seriously on the goal to arrive
where he wishes to be. Deviating from the path means
becoming confused or trapped in illusion.

The Eight Lotus Path exists in purity. It is the white
petals floating on the dark, murky water of damnation.
Hold fast to that purity, maintain its integrity, and meditate
on the righteousness of the flower. In this way, find
salvation from the torment visited upon us by Heaven.

The SuperRjoR Man

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

The student observes, "In the ancient texts, there are many
references to the Superior Man. Who is the Superior Man?

The Master Cheng Hao replies:

The Superior Man is free from error in everything he
does. His words carry the weight of virtue. He is firm in his
actions. He has mastered the rumblings of his P'o and has
honed the inner eye of his Hun. When a Superior Man
encounters goodness, he rewards it. When a Superior

Lb

Man encounters wickedness, he destroys it. He is great
without expectation. He is correct without effort. He has
few desires. He is calm. He cannot be deflected from the
course of perfect righteousness, and he is unalterably on
the path to the Road Back.

The Superior Man has learned the way of the world so
well that he works without thought or hesitation, because
every act is one that brings good to his people and furthers
his enlightenment. This does not necessarily mean good
toall human beings worldwide; the Superior Man will not
go out of his way to solve world hunger or bring about
peace. He may even act in a manner that, to humans, is
"evil." He is merely calm and understands what to do to
further the cause of returning to Heaven.

The Superior Man is the Crane ideal. He forms an
image in the student's mind of the perfect Crane to
emulate. Through a balance of learning and teaching, a
student of the Dharma can slowly make his way along the
path, all the while envisioning the epitome of the perfect
Crane who is at harmony with his actions. That is the way
to swift education.

To attain the unattainable ideal, Cranes place great
emphasis on learning and teaching. Learning the ways of
our own kind and others gives us the tools to analyze an
obstacle on the Road Back and determine whether our
own mistakes or those of others caused it. Teaching others
passes on the wisdom and the ways of the Dharma and
brings new warriors into the fold. Both are essential in
honing the Crane into a warrior of Heaven.

War Mares One Grear

From the library of Mona Ying:

A memorial by Ding Yuhi on the death of Li Tzu-Cheng,
who led the final revolt against the Ming dynasty

We speak carelessly when we speak of "greatness" in
aman. Everything begins in humble origins, and we must
never blind ourselves to the fact that the seeds of
tomorrow's great trees even now sprout somewhere
underfoot, where we tread and do not think to look.

Consider brother Li, for whom we perform these rites.
He did not dream when he was a boy in the wheat fields
that he would lead rebels into the very throne room of a
rotten dynasty. His mother did not tell him of strategy and
morale, but sang him simple cradle songs. His father did
not teach him how to distribute his forces against a siege,
but how to plant and reap. You could have walked the
length and breadth of the Yellow River and all its
tributaries, and nothing would have called your eye to
brother Lirather than to any of thousands of other playful,
energetic lads.

When famine stalked the land, you would not have
gazed into the face of his brothers and the face of young Li
and said to yourself, "This one shall live, and those shall
die." Nor would you have seen the terrible anger that
would later stir within him. It lay deep within his soul,
waiting for the rain of tears to let it send forth shoots.

20

Heaven called to the whole of the Middle Kingdom
for someone to take up arms against the wicked Ming and
their corrupt servants. It did not whisper into his heart
alone, but shouted from uppermost north to the depths of
the south. What distinguished brother Li was not that he
heard the cry, for all did, whether they chose to
acknowledge it or not. What distinguished him was that
he acted in accordance with the passion inside him.

He started off with the injustices immediately at
hand: a corrupt tax collector, a greedy undertaker. Each
success let him see the next challenge ahead. But anyone
could have done what he did, and all men should have. In
asense, greatness in the individual isa sign of failure in the
many, for when each is in accordance with his Way, there
is harmony, not great mountains of vice to be razed or vast
chasms of ignorance to fill. Li prospered because he
allowed himself to carry the virtue that rained down on
all, but that most chose to ignore.

In the end, he triumphed gloriously, and then passed
to his own harvest of sorrow. It is a terrible thing to end
a dynasty. It is like the sorrow of the surgeon who must
amputate a limb to save the body. The Middle Kingdom
endures, but the pain is great, and we see even now that
the new dynasty shall not reach the heights behind us all.
Lidid his duty, and his spirit has gone to its proper reward.

Let us, rather than gazing overlong at his grave, look
instead into the faces of the children who even now run
ahead of us, that this time we may see and nurture. Let
us look into the spirit worlds again, to see where the
dragon nests shriek in pain born of failed rites and
perverted sacrifices before they fall to the fiends. Let us
look into the natural world, to see drought and flood
building, so that there need not be the terrible losses that
provoke a Li into action.

© | Drvepite of the innate sexians ofthiomemetead
9 as though women never act ina leading er
_ guiding role —V am imyressed to see its clee

| xighted recognition ofmany important p
de not believe that the exis

accepts 5 En haiantee
Bpsls eoLdb Sa Ad, Chabad
still waits for /eaplendent Crames willing to

RespLenpent Cranes

Tue Essentjais oF LEARNING

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

Master Cheng Hao continues:

One of the fundamentals of Resplendent Crane
thoughtis the "essentials of learning." No creature, brought
back by the Second Breath, instantly understands the
entire path to enlightenment. No one teacher can instruct
apupil on the correct nature of virtue purely through book
learning. No one student can learn the ways of
righteousness alone. No Wan Kuei, regardless of how
advanced in age or in his Dharma, can understand all the
ways of the world. The student must leave his study and
venture out into the world.

The student has many lessons to learn along his path.
A wise Crane master learns much from simply observing
those in his wu and their interaction. He learns from
observation how and why other Wan Kuei follow the laws
of society, and why, occasionally, they choose not to. He
learns there are times to be a leader within the wu and
times he must listen to the counsel of others. There are
times when the ways of others solve problems better than
his own, and he must learn why this is so and apply their
wisdom to his own actions. He must understand the
wisdom inherent in the other Dharmas, even if that
wisdom is to know where and how the other paths fail —
especially if the other paths fail.

The wisest leader, seeped in righteousness, possesses
full understanding of all of the people, not simply those
who follow his Dharma, or number in his wu, court or
even in his own country. He understands when to become
a leader of mortals, and when to use them only as Scarlet
Screens. He understands the politics between his own
people. Only in knowing all sides of a problem does the
wisest Crane understand which choice is best, and only in
this knowledge does he understand the choices that lead
to turning back the Great Wheel.

The education of a Crane is never short. In theory, a
Crane is always learning. Because we may live formillennia,
Cranes choose to spend decades or even centuries simply

observing, if only to eliminate possible false paths on the
Road Back.

The Essenrjais oF TEacning

Master Cheng Hao continues:

Asabodhisattva aspires to attain Heaven, the ancestor
aspires to become the bodhisattva, the mandarin aspires
to become the ancestor and all aspire to become masters.
While Cranes spend much of their existences learning
and observing, they also teach others. A mind new to the
Way of the Crane must be guided in its principles: the
Eight Lotus Path, the Fivefold Way, the tenets, the
manners, the rituals, the laws, the beliefs and the ways of
the August Court. True wisdom cannot occur ina vacuum,
and cultivation of the Hun starts with learning.


Tie Manoare or Heaven

Cranes are ready to teach their ways when they attain
ling and become jina. A Crane jina has grasped the ways of
righteousness in a way that has opened his mind. He
understands how he fits within the laws of Heaven, he lives
effortlessly, and he is ready to share with others. While tales
from ancient times tell of a single great master taking on as
many as 3,000 students at once, the Cranes feel training
should be intense, personal and firm. Teachers take few
students at a time, typically between three and five, lest
their lessons be diluted.

As soon as a prospective student is no longer a flesh-
eating chih-mei and becomes ahin, he is assigned teacher.
The learning period extends over a series of years and is
extremely intense. Rewards are few, punishment swift
and painful. Resplendent Cranes do not tolerate failure,
even among their students. Smart pupils either quickly
learn to affect outward success in all things, or they no
longer follow the Way of the Resplendent Crane. The
teacher uses pain and study both to open the student's
mind and to train him to unconsciously follow the rules of
the court and preserve integrity. A properly instructed
Crane understands the path of righteousness without
having to stop and think.

Insome ways, the coming of the Fifth Age has changed
the rules of teaching. While many Cranes try valiantly to
cling to the old methods of few students over many years,
some have discovered that the chaos of the present day and
the possibility of the Sixth Age have not accorded them
such luxury. There are too many new Kuei-jin and not

enough teachers. We have made compromises, even within
the unbending culture of the Cranes: teachers are no longer
necessarily jina, teachers may take on as many as 20
students at once in properly concealed schools, training
periods have shrunk from several years to one, and students
join wu as the final stage of their study. Staunch
traditionalists consider this a travesty, but little can be
done: it is more important to prepare warriors to help
cleanse the Middle Kingdom than to spend time bent over
dusty old tomes, reciting the words of ancestors.

Teaching THRouGh Learning

From the library of Mona Ying:

A memorial by Phatipatanawong Manee, to the assembled
mandarins and ancestors of the Resplendent Cranes in the
court of Bangkok, Midsummer Eve, 2000:

It is with much gratitude that I write to you of my
experiences among the Dharmas and humbly suggest a
policy for the future.

Forty-eight years ago, Ancestor Chaiyo and I shared
a vision of the totemic animal of each Dharma giving
birth to a fledgling crane. After much contemplation and
sacrifice, we decided that it would be appropriate for me
to seek out exemplary members of other Dharmas under
slightly duplicitous circumstances. I would present myself
as one dissatisfied with the Way of the Crane, pondering
a new purpose and wishing to understand how | could
honor what remained true in me from Crane teaching
while finding a new anchor for my soul.


22

In the service of this vision and interpretation, I have

traveled throughout the Golden Courts, servinga series of .

apprenticeships and ending each with some plausible
apparent destruction. (It would not have honored Ancestor
Chaiyo or Heaven to inflict the grief of apparent failure
onmy would-be mentors. Destruction beyond their control
might justify mourning, but visible defection or even
simple disappearance would add to that the pain of self-
condemnation, and this would not be in accordance with
the Third Lotus.) I spent between three and 15 years as a
prospective adherent to each of the other canonical
Dharmas, and an additional four years total among some
of the heretical Dharmas.

On another occasion I shall write at length of my
inquiries into the egg of potential within each Dharma
that we can call upon to draw others to ourselves, whether
as converts to our Dharma or as suitable subjects who
retain the Dharmas to which Heaven has appointed
them. Here | wish to call attention to a phenomenon that
came as a surprise to me, and which | believe should
influence our collective decisions about proceeding in
this era of leaps and upheavals.

I undertook my role as student with all possible
sincerity. Indeed, had Heaven called me to conversion, I
would have accepted. Ancestor Chaiyo and I agreed that
such calls do sometimes go forth and that it would be
appropriate for me to answer were I chosen for it. In the
end Heaven confirmed the correctness of my first calling,
so that I was never more than a student of the other
Dharmas. I was, I believe, a very good student, assimilating
the lore of the Dharma as presented by our cousins within
the Golden Courts. Over time, I found that sustained
questioning made in integrity had a distinct benefit for
the instructor: my mentors experienced significantly more
auspicious moments than nearby comrades of comparable
enlightenment up to that point.

Heaven wishes us to realize, I believe, that we may
lead through questions as well as answers. Naturally, as a
student I carried out the instructions of my teachers, and
in this regard I was nota leader. But in opening themselves
to the flow of wisdom in one direction, my teachers
(probably unwittingly, and perhaps quite against their
wills or preferences in some cases) also opened themselves
to the counter-flow. Their effort to share the best they
knew spoke through me to the spirit of wisdom whose
fullest comprehension is our privilege as Cranes.

What I did individually and with other aims, I believe
we should undertake systematically. Let us select and send
outa few candidates each year, chosen for their skill in the
disguise of sincerity, and let them travel to those courts
most in need of enlightenment. We may minister to their
ignorance in the form of the small, subordinate creature,
just as the frog on the ice was essential to Xue's own
enlightenment.

In the hope of ever-increasing benevolence among
all Dharmas,

— Phatipatanawong Manee

ot Beet ad fp | RA,
| fer toning your ways, you should
dewlembar I Neneeeteston, Flngdc Chg
Wot cudiything needs to be taught thicugh

Letamination.

eee

The TURNING OF

THE GREAT Ween

From Reflections of Frogs and Butterflies:

The student asks, "Master, what can you tell me about the
coming of the Sixth Age?"

Master Cheng Hao says:

The turning of the Great Wheel is a loathsome thing,
butconfusion, misunderstandingand lack of integrity among
the Wan Kuei has allowed it to continue and the Yama Kings
tospread theirgreat wickedness. The Wheelalready threatens
to turn into a Sixth Age, and this we cannot allow. The
Cranes must act to save the world from itself.

The Way of the Resplendent Cranes, and no other
Dharma, has the power to halt the turning of the Great
Wheel and start it spinning back toward the time when the
universe was pure and Heaven and Earth were one. This isno
mean feat. Nosimple following of the tenets and laws can set
the universe back to rights and bring about a new Age of
Heaven. No lip service to the ancestors and to etiquette can
holdback the Yama Kingsand their plans for total destruction.

Only with great effort and perfect harmony can the
Great Wheel be stopped and forced backward. The Cranes
must free the world of the corruption that chokes it from
every quarter. Today, wickedness pours in from all sides like
ablack wind. Young Wan Kuei do not know their place, and
consort with shen. Akuma sprout like weeds in the spring
tain. The despicable Kin-jin invade the Middle Kingdom
with their debased culture. These have carried the disease of
corruption into the heart of our domain. We know that we
can no longer hope to save the entire world. We must save
what we can, and that is the Middle Kingdom.

Isee youare eager to goand root out wickedness. But you
must remember: what is best for mortals or othershen may not
be best for the world. That thought must temper your every
move, thought and action. You cannot act with undue
caring. You cannot be soft and indecisive. Instead, you must
be to the world like a doctor toa sick patient. You must wield
a skillful scalpel, cutting free the plague-ridden flesh while
preserving the untouched. A doctor does not feel for the
plight of the tumor or the disease, and neither should you.
Cut deep, clean the wound and medicate the pain to ensure
that the body heals whole and strong.

Heaven has given us one last chance for redemption. If
the Wheel tums again, there will beno more, only destruction.
This isa horrible burden to usall, but we must succeed, or else
the world is lost.

ES SES 4 hae Wa:
| tandlation U wjiabedfitin reo

| eubject of the heel, ao ee
é | te he Cight Lotus Path that Vhnows follows the

© aboveinitial . 0, toe, haveseenthe original
i | teeteinethe Complecf the) \arth Facing Wind, y oray

: eer
FEac's statements remain in question: Are there
Bik ges? Crspele Gantt COAcl bc tlncwbak

© tn er literal sense?

te ask these questions,

Uncerrajnry, Possjpjjt¥,
anp RESPONS{B)LITY

From the library of Mona Ying

From the historical commentaries of Bei Ling, circa 1700.

Mortals think of the world as fixed, beyond the power
of wishing to change. We know better. Is not our very
existence a matter of passion beyond the bounds of what
we would have thought possible? Do we not routinely
work miracles drawing on the powers of Yin and Yang,
darkness and light, mingled within us? We are beings
whose every step proclaims that form cannot resist
sufficiently strong desire.

However, most of us retain mortal habits of thought
when it comes to history, in spite of our experience. We
look at the written words and the physical evidence of the
past and think, "It must have been so." But we err when
we do this. Look and see for yourself, that you or your
fellow Hungry Dead may make the people forget what
truly happened and imagine they remember what did not.
See that we may summon up forms out of nothing, and
dismiss them into the void. Now consider that we are all
diminished from the glories of the past. Look and see what
the ancestors may do that you cannot, and see for yourself
how those who walk the Road Back now rise to shorter
heights that you did.

OS a aS a
AD capac crs
La Ce ee |

I do not believe, therefore, that we can say with
confidence anything beyond, "This is how the world
seems to have been." Were there always barbarians beyond
the sea, or did they come into being as an act of punishment
for our hubris? Was the world always curved, or did it
become so in the aftermath of a calamity we do not now
name? Were we in truth Heaven's first chosen vessels
upon the Earth, or did others come before us? Let us take
none of these things for granted. Xue himself may well be
asymbol, the echo of actors and events very different from
what we now recognize as possible.

Humility becomes us in the face of great passion.

Tae Weer anv jrs Marer(s)

Continued from the commentaries of Bei Ling:

How seldom we stop to think about the implications of
what we tell each other as the most basic truths. There is
one Way. There is a way for each thing under Heaven. Fate
appoints a role for each of us. Every thing under Heaven
chooses whether to obey the Way appointed for it or not.
There is a secret truth here waiting to be discovered.

Each thing is the way it is because the world is the way
it is. A pebble caught in the flood moves from here to
there because the weight of water carries it there, and the
pebble must submit. But the pebble's movement in turn
changes the flow of the water, so that the next pebble
moves differently than it would have if the first had not
been there. Then the third moves differently because of
the second, and so on. The flood changes because of every
pebble (and every blade of grass and every bug) it passes
over. So it is with every other great thing in the world, be
itthe weather or the day and night. Countless small things
shape the great just as they are shaped by it.

Thus there can be no Wheel of Ages that turns
without it too being turned. The Age is the sum of
everything that happens within it, just as everything
within the Age happens because of the nature of the
times. The August Personage made all, and we do not
make him. But we do make the world, each of us, every
night, in our every action and pause. Therefore those who
say that we are doomed to follow the Wheel of Ages down
into darkness really say, "I am unwilling to be other than
lam and refuse responsibility for changing myself to be as
1 would wish." Hardness of heart makes what is merely
possible seem inevitable.

24

Great passion becomes us in the face of insignificance.
Just as we do not know what the world was, so we do not
know what it must be. Let us hew to the Eight Lotus Path
and thereby make the world, rather than submit it to us.
The Way of the world is that we have the power of choice.

ay Becca lessons that the kone
could teach the decadent past isthat the lle
Wl Ges eid de 3
a0 the servants of the Way tes eee aye
D prcth cacpienstiten iis eutyplien tesmar Cube)
& te arrange clreumatances oe that bee

ee to, and lead, mot i pba but the
old Dicncs thought bf netinanin ute ied

unresponsive. Aowever, the principle of
collective action endures despite the collective —

Tue Stage Taar js He Wor

A letter from Ling I, Deputy Minister for Evaluation of
Foreign Oracles, to Father Steven Ikaros, Deacon of the Parish
of St. Andrew, Shanghai, upon. the Festival of the Harvest
Moon, 1745:

My dear friend,

I have considered your latest treatise most carefully,
but I believe that you remain mired in a fundamental
fallacy, which I shall endeavor to explain to you in terms
that take into account the necessary restrictions of your
education in Western lands far from civilization.

You say, correctly, that the world presents us with the
appearance of continuity and persistent identity. This
much is unquestionably true. At no point may we peel back
the Ten Thousand Things and find them merely painted
backdrops, with some vaster realm unlike this theatre of
existence beyond them. You assert that this means the
world has continuity and persistent identity, and here you
fail to consider the implications of your other postulates.

When you and I were both alive, we distinguished
easily, as men of good intellect, between the work of
children or fools and that of talented artisans. The existence
of childish scrawls and crude forgeries by desperate peasants
does not negate the existence of Chi Po, nor of the master
craftsmen of your homeland. We both saw that even a
somewhat slow man could beg with more subtlety and
nuance than, say, a pet dog, and present a story with more
verisimilitude even though no more real in its assertions.

Death has only opened up new horizons of perception.
Asone of the Wan Kuei, I see beyond mortal limits to works
of inspiring authenticity that are nonetheless wholly the
product of an individual's imagination. You, with your
sojourn among the dead and mastery of the clever arts that

RespLewpenr Cranes

let you sustain your body postmortem, likewise see these
things. Have I not heard you sing the litanies of your
barbarian creed, and seen how the voice freed of breath
kindles unsuspected devotion and wonder in its audience?

Why, then, do you stop there? Do you truly believe
there is nothing in the world with powers greater than ours,
which has conjured us forth as easily as we make a memory
or an image?

Thus I assert once again that there is no ground on
which to believe in the actuality of history. The world
seems to have a past because it suits the artist. The dooms
you speak of are, like the dooms prophesied among my own
kind, purely illusory, because they depend on the past. If the
past is only what it needs to be to produce the present story
that is our existence, then like a clever editor or redactor,
we may choose to modify some elements and produce a
different future.

With respect,

Ling I

ite cn lo as Cade
| te tdlleness, 0 include them for a tiofold reason.

Wrote that he does not at any point reyect the

iia preseat-moment validity of Dharmrce
comemand, Asthennnals shor herwasthroughout

z J Say amp emaanne:
the COheel of Alger. Someone whe acted on his
ees | A er ome Wy em

5 TR Ores aR.

The jce oF THe Sixth Ace

From the library of Mona Ying:

A memorial from Han Hui, Mandarin of the Court of Los
Angeles and Field Commander of the New Promise Mandarinate,
to the Extraordinary Commission on the Rectification of Borders,
composed on the autumn equinox, 2001 .

To the esteemed commissioners, in appreciation
for the favor they have shown to this servant of the
Way, greetings.

It has come to my attention that some participants in
the Great Leap Outward misunderstand parts of the
Resplendent Crane tradition with regard to the Wheel of
Ages. I write this memorial for two audiences: for you,
esteemed commissioners, so that you may examine for
yourselves my fidelity to the Great Principle and to the
Way that Heaven has assigned to me, and to the teachers
and mentors here in the New Promise Mandarinate, for
their use in future instruction.


‘The Manpare or Heaven

Tue Composjtion oF THE Ween

I begin by reiterating truths to which all Kuei-jin
properly adhere. Like our brethren of other Dharmas, we
of the Way of the Crane know that the plan of the world
includes 12 distinct Ages, from creation in unity to
consummation in unity. Among ourselves we disagree as
do the adherents of other doctrines about how thoroughly
the world has fallen from that plan, and whether the
Wheel of Ages might stop at the Sixth Age, thereby
ending in chaos rather than unity.

Tae Wee's Movewenr

Crane tradition differs from others in that we do not
accept the inevitability of an age of darkness and demonic
domination. We regard the Wheel as an explanation of
what comes to pass if the Ten Thousand do nothing to stop
it. Within our Dharma, two general schools of thought
prevail about this matter.

Students of the cyclic approach say that the Ages must
unfold in succession, but that the direction of the wheel
may be reversed with sufficiently powerful righteousaction.
In this, they say, the universe reflects the cycle of dynastic
evolution, or vice versa. My readers from outside China
may be unfamiliar with this latter cycle, so I recapitulate it
briefly. A new dynasty, according to our sages, begins with
a righteous leader who restores order after a time of chaos.
The new emperor discharges Heaven's assigned duties, and
he (or she) and successive emperors guide the country to
new heights of prosperity. In due season, prosperity reaches
its highest peak, and a descent into morally leaner times
begins. At the end of the dynasty, Heaven withdraws its
mandate from sufficiently unrighteous emperors and chaos
returns, to recede once Heaven bestows the mandate on
the first emperor of the next dynasty.

However, the cycle does not unfold inexorably. The
early promise of a new dynasty may quickly end, if the
founder's heirs fail their duties. Nor must decline proceed
without interruption. Even at the last, an emperor whose
heart is open to the Way may institute reforms and lead the
country back to spiritual and physical health. No dynasty
has yet lasted forever, but in principle nothing prohibits the
reign of righteousness from being eternal.

So it is with the universe, the brethren of the cyclic
approach say. We are now in the twilight of the Fifth Age
oreven the dawning years of the Sixth, not because it must
be so, but because we and our predecessors failed in our
duty. The prospects for reform are surely not encouraging,
but we Chinese remember that more than one dynasty
entered a second period of glory after corruption and even
outright civil war, so that hope may always be with us. For
Cranes whosee the world this way, the Great Leap Outward
is part and parcel of our general effort to swing the Wheel
back toward Ages of light.

Students of the stepping-stone approach compare the
Ages, like the Eight Lotuses of our Dharma's Path, to
stepping-stones spread evenly through a garden. The
traveler who wishes to go from one side to the other must

25

step on them all (or at least on most of them), but not
necessarily in any assigned order. Within this approach,
two secondary schools of thought about the Sixth Age
contend. One sub-school says that all the Ages serve
Heaven's will and must indeed come to pass. If we put off
the Sixth Age, skipping ahead to an Age not yet come, we
shall face the Sixth ata later time. The consolation in this
view is that we might collectively be better prepared for
itafter this warning epoch. The other sub-school says that
the Ages are possibilities Heaven presents to us rather
than requirements imposed upon us, so that we may
choose simply to step past the Sixth Age if we can reach
the Seventh.

The differences between these outlooks carry complex
consequences, and our libraries brim over with
commentaries, debates and discussion of all the secondary
and tertiary issues raised. In practical terms, however,
they all point to a shared goal: the establishment of
Heavenly justice on Earth, without delay.

How much further we can expect to go remains a
matter for sages to memorialize each other about. That
individuals may purge themselves and rise as pure souls to
union with the Way Itself is indisputable. Whether it is
appointed to All Under Heaven to attain that state remains
unclear. Perhaps we will dispute less when we have achieved
that measure of virtue on which we all agree.

Counsets oF Hope anp Despajr

Inevitability makes existence easy. It frees the
individual from responsibility for outcomes, allowing
attention to one's response. Graceful response to difficult
fates underlies some of the greatest art, among shen and
mortals alike.

However, we reject the liberty from consequence that
goes with belief ina single possible path for the Wheel. This
rejection gives us both hope and sorrow that other Dharmas
do not experience, and that seem to be the primary points
of contention among the Mandarinate's students.

We believe that other Kuei-jin err in accepting the
inevitability ofan Age of Sorrows to come. But we do not
believe they err ina foolish way. A full proof of the Crane
tradition on this point runs to many volumes, and
whatever this Age may be, it is not one that provides a
great deal of time for leisurely scholarship. Certainly the
unfolding experience of year upon year provides much
evidence of growing wickedness, and little of
strengthening righteousness. Therefore, we do not
condemn our brethren of other Dharmas as foolish or
lazy, but rather as fellow seekers of truth who have yet to
apprehend a particular point.

One of my first edicts as Mandarin of Los Angeles
acknowledged the diligent effort made by Kuei-jin of all
Dharmas on behalf of the Great Leap Outward. Each year
since my ascension to that honorable position, I have
issued a fresh edict renewing my expression of thanks and
adding to the list of honor those who came to the court in
the intervening months. It is not my policy, nor that of

any of my kindred Cranes, to impugn the efforts of others.
Indeed, it is perhaps particularly praiseworthy to persist in
tight action when one does not expect the world at large
to properly honor the effort.

On the other hand, knowing that the Wheel can
change its direction puts a greater burden on us, and
makes despair particularly tempting. After all, the weight
of the world's sins is very great, and we are but few before
Heaven. In earlier Ages, our predecessors could think the
Middle Kingdom was all that really mattered. Now we
know how much lies beyond our boundaries, and their
sins drag us down with them. This awareness drives the
Cranes who take part in the Great Leap Outward. None
of us believe that the sorrows to come can be very far off,
and the mountains of darkness we must mine down loom
very tall. We dig toward the foundation of primal purity
as fast as we can, but I do not think any of us altogether
escapes the conviction that we dig our own graves rather
than a foundation for a glorious future.

These are the particular strengths and vulnerability
of the insight vouchsafed to our predecessors in the
Dharma, and taught to us by our scholars. Weighing hope
and despair alike, we aim to proceed with the righteousness
appropriate to all granted the Second Breath, with eyes
open and hearts full of love for all that is good, and hands
teady to mend every broken thing and to smite every
pocket of wickedness that keep Heaven and Earth apart.

In the spirit of filial submission,
—Mandarin Han Hui of the Violet Path

The Aces anp THe Lotuses

From the library of Mona Yin:

From [CENSORED], to [CENSORED], loyal vassal
and diligent scholar, greetings.

[CENSORED], you know by now that I do not abuse
the privileges of leadership. I allow all loyal vassals
considerable room within which to pursue their concerns,
and I delight in the honest desire to understand the
wisdom stored up in the Middle Kingdom but unfamiliar
to our new subjects. Therefore, I hope you will take this
warning with proper seriousness.

If you persist in this course, I do not see how I can
spare you the embarrassment of trial and the agony of
execution. This is neither the time nor the place to
undertake a thorough examination of possible weaknesses
in the edifices of Kuei-jin cosmology. In particular,
[CENSORED], when we have Xu Yikui, one of the most
famous inquisitors of the age, tramping to and fro, it is
not an auspicious time to ponder defects in his (and
my) Dharma.

Youare, afterall, not the first person to notice the not-
quite-parallel between the twelve Ages and the eight
Lotuses. Nor are you the first to reject the conventional
explanation that there are more Ages than Lotuses because
the world is more complex than the individual soul. I
commend your mastery of the key insight that the soul, the

world and Heaven itself are all equally complex when
understood fully. Had you drawn the Second Breath rather

Tht Manpare or Heaven

than becoming the victim of one of Zao-Lot's debased
brood, I have no doubt that you would have been a
formidable adherent of my Dharma.

But please, [CENSORED], as you value your ability to
continue studying anything at all, immediately destroy all
your writings suggesting that the Road Back as we currently
practice it is fundamentally deficient. Your historical
argumentaboutstages of perfection among the Ten Thousand
in earlier ages is indeed fascinating, and were the times more
peaceable I would cheerfully read along with you and debate
the fine points of what we learned together. You may have
noticed, however, that the timesare not peaceable. We have
enemies without and interrogators within, and 1 would

prefer that one of the most promising Western students of

our Way not reach an ignominious end.

Is there nothing else that can hold your attention for
atime?

In concern and maternal instruction,

—[CENSORED]

The Purpose oF VirTUE

From the library of Mona Ying:

Tue Supremacy oF Vjntur
Jhavran Delihl, in the "Debates of the Grove," 376 BCE,
as transcribed by an anonymous observer:

Irise, first of all, to reject the assumption under which
these debates take place. | regard the hypothetical equality
of the Dharmas as a conclusion that we might reach

during debate, not as a legitimate postulate in advance of

the reasoning process.

However, I do not accept it as a conclusion any more
than I do as an assumption. It seems clear to me that the
Dharmasare not of equal merit beneath Heaven, and that
the effort to pretend otherwise hampers our ability to
perform the roles assigned to us.

Each of the other Dharmas depends for its existence on
astate of disharmony in the Ten Thousand Things. There
canbenoneed for Devil-Tigers without sinners, or without
Yama Kings who insist on claiming Heaven's prerogatives.
The Thrashing Dragons and Thousand Whispers are simply
wayward children unwilling to accept their obligations,
and have no cosmic significance whatsoever. The Bone
Flowers are necessary only as long as the regrettable schism
between living and dead realms persists.

Rulership, however, is fundamental. There was an
August Personage before there were Ten Thousand
Things, and when unity returns there will still be an
August Personage. An imperial and a celestial hierarchy
exists in times of virtue as well as in times of wickedness.
The ruler's directives must always be interpreted and
applied, while the subjects' petitions must always be
studied and processed appropriately.

There will come a time when decay is no longer the
dominant motif of things. No Wan Kuei will refuse to

27

accept responsibility for his appointment, and therefore
two of the Dharmas will disappear. There will be no
persistent vice, only the transitory weaknesses innate in
finite existence, and therefore no need for another. And
there will be no schism between the worlds, and therefore
no need for the last. Only we will remain. We must never
forget this, nor must those who foolishly seek to declare
themselves our peers.

CompLmentary VjRTUES

Jhavran Delihl, in the "Second Debate of the Groves,"
310 CE, as transcribed by an anonymous observer:

It is clear to anyone with the patience to observe our
community for a few decades that the primal sin that
destroyed our ancestors' ability to perform their assigned
role — overwhelming pride — remains active among us
now, beneath tonight's moon. We have heard advocates
of each Dharma make fatuous cases for the supremacy of
their particularrole, and present plausible though deficient
rationales from the words and writings of their predecessors.
Tam something less than overjoyed to hear myself cited in
this way on behalf of the orientation toward Hun.

The facts of the world make plain what ought to be.
The acorn does not revolt against itself to become apine,
nor does the caterpillar refuse to become a butterfly in its
appointed time. Heaven's gift of reflection too easily
leads us astray, just as it does all other creatures with
thinking souls, into labyrinths of rationalizations. The
simple truth is that Heaven allows those who walk the
Road Back to manifest different Dharmas. We know
from careful examination of the oracles that while the
Yama Kings and their minions can and do taint this

tee eur condition &,
" Chis co never an
Soe) pipes oR which mustalicays
| beheldte account by the masses. Here D present
f sevetal different answers te the question, "COhy
de we as Peesplendent Cranes adhere to these

I particalas sirtileo?" Ompplicitly tenplicctly, each
anseser to this question also points to a perspective

_ on the overall vole and destiny of the Dharma.
TNetachat Vile Wetintin Lito tndovse Phan

| Delihle despatr. Un fact, V actively condemnict

A Dh A ero te leteafe Da

the Great . of hes BRS, I 46. robbed.

the cause thereby, because thissecend vitality does

not extet for the sake of personal gratification.

| However, Be eg Be
final remarks shen ct eomes


ResPLeNDenT Cranes

process, they do not in the final analysis control it, so
that what happens, happens because it is willed by a
greater power than the ones below us.

(Champions of the various Dharmic heresies assert
that Heaven appoints more ways than the five
acknowledged here. In response, | note that they cannot
prove any instance of someone returning to affiliation
with their favored heresy except in cases where we can
also prove outside manipulation of the return. I therefore
dismiss their relevance to this matter.)

The Dharmas occur in roughly equal proportions,
taken over the expanse of time and space. Some are more
numerous ina particular area or era, but this is no surprise.
Just as there are hardy, rugged plants in the mountains and
lush, sprawling ones in the jungles, so the environments
of the soul and body bring forth different guardians to deal
with differentneeds. Likewise, the misfortunes and miseries
of different times and places mean that some motives to
escape Yomi and draw the Second Breath are more
prevalent than others. This commonness of motive is not
the same thing as strength of need, of course; our societies
are too far from primal virtue for them to manifest only the
particular kinds of misery that could correct the underlying
injustices and errors of that moment.

But digress. The point is that Heaven wills that there
be five Dharmas. It would be an act of great presumption
to say that Heaven does not know what it is doing four-
fifths of the time. Naturally, we who are the Shining Ice
Guardians are properly the leaders and judges of all, just
as the body has only one head. But we can no more
dispense with the other Dharmas than the head can
dispense with the liver or the stomach. A head may
indeed live without the body, as our cousins of the Golden
Courts demonstrate routinely, not to say tiresomely. But
that is because of their special condition. The world
remains alive, and it is precisely our mission to preserve
the whole world from the fate we undergo as individuals.
We donot know whether Heaven would restore the world
to a semblance of life were it to die as we did. It is our
mission as its guardians to see that the question remains
unanswerable. And to this end, all parts are equally
necessary, though not equal in the nature of their tasks.

VirTuE FoR 4 SEASON

Jhavran Delihl, in the "Fourth Debate of the Groves,"
1522, as transcribed by an anonymous observer

So, lords and ladies, here we are again, in an effort to
impose through words a structure on the chaos that is the
world. How wonderful the hope that words can accomplish
what Chi does not and matter cannot: dam the manifold
cracks through which essence leaks out into nothingness
before it all dissipates and the Ten Thousand Things
become No Thing. How vain.

It must be obvious to all that the world is leaking
essence, no matter how much we preen and congratulate
each otheron oursuccesses. We donot forestall wickedness
among thinking creatures, nor disaster among the

‘The Manpare oF Heaven

manne pe SS

unthinking elements. We do not satisfy the ghosts of the
dead, nor the spirits of the living. Wherever you see our
hand, there you see the taint of gathering darkness.

Perhaps it is true that our kind once exerted a noble
kingship. In such an Age, if ever it existed, the Way of the
Resplendent Crane would have made sense. It does not
now. The proper duty of the wicked rulers at the end of a
dynastic cycle is to fall and give way to worthier
replacements. Insofar as we have been the kings and
queens of All Under Heaven, we have done our duty with
grave deficiencies. All the miseries of the world proclaim
our failings.

Isubmit, therefore, that we who adhere to the Dharma
are now obstacles to the progress of virtue rather than

29

assets in the great struggle. Our individual and collective
duty must be to remove all traces of ourselves from the

world so as to properly prepare the place for new minister
to discharge our function.

fake but 26 6 ectth vemembsiing Ate worele.
ote lero of lendershep


j

a ag

WIL. oes
NI @

PENN
SIIIFINN =

ying

2
AF, Sh)

)

&


PrincipLes OF Peace

31

PRINCIPLES
OF PEALE

Master Cheng laments the increasing split within learning. In ancient times,
learning emphasized the improvement of oneself, aiming at concrete achievements.
For this purpose, there was only Confucianism. The heterodoxical schools were not
included. Today, people learn chiefly to impress others. Defects have multiplied and
learning has been split into three parts, not including the heterodoxical schools.

—Reflections of Things on Hand

Adherents of the Resplendent Cranes Dharma come
from different lifestyles, time periods and cultures. The
thread that stitches them together as a group is the belief
in the eight tenets of their Dharma and the Eight Lotus
Path. But what is "correct" or "righteous" to one may be
the essence of corruption to another. As such, every
Crane's take on the laws and tenets that govern his society
are tainted with his own personal views. While the laws
themselves may be neutral regarding the details of nightly
life, the Kuei-jin interpret them in light of what each
Kuei-jin was before she died: poor peasant, merchant,
priest, warrior, noble, staunch communist.

The other thing that holds Cranes together is the
belief that the world can somehow be turned from its path
of destruction, away from the Sixth Age and back toward
the Age of Heaven, with the proper application of force.
Cranes never lose hope. They never let goof the conviction
that they can be redeemed from their state and, with
effort, they can redeem everyone else as well. Unlike the
other Dharmas, they do not believe the destruction of the
world is a foregone conclusion. This belief touches
everything they say and do. While they are out crushing
whomever they see as the wicked, they know their chosen
path will bring them eventual salvation.

OrrTHODOXY AND
HETERODOXY

Over the millennia, different views on the laws have
come together and clashed. Voices have risen. Shadow
wars have been fought. Strong personalities have come to
the fore, and attracted followers to take up their banners.
Newly crowned leaders have rubbed against the accepted
norm of the reigning orthodoxy. Groups have broken off
from the mainstream to establish their own temples and
sects, focusing on the "proper" teachings to follow the
Road Back and return to Heaven. Where once, thousands
of years ago, pure orthodoxy of thought within the Dharma
reigned, there now exists the orthodoxy of the Blood
Court of Beijing and the heterodoxy of a thousand sects
everywhere else.

Because of their views on government — those who
are most able should govern and those less worthy should
follow — the Cranes organize themselves into strict
hierarchies. With their emphasis on learning to live the
law, it comes naturally to them that those who are the best
versed in the teachings should lead. Mandarins report to
ancestors and bodhisattvas, jina report to mandarins, and

32

the Running Monkeys report to everyone with almost no
say of their own. The elder mandarins run the sects
themselves. Congregation services at the temples are led s of Xu Yikui to students in the
by younger mandarins. Jina assist the mandarins in their MB SQMheMteay a settee Cette Cen
duties. Progression in a sect is based on enlightenment,
and that enlightenment comes in the form of the sect's
SC Eee often inclined to assume they understand Heaven's will
teachings. However, some students discover new points JAR AIMI Meet Ronen Rerenaeen tt etter teat
A Tecpel ECMO alike. Thisisitselfafailing, in thatitdeniesthecc omplexity
EL Seo Seay of things. With more enlightenment comes a further
ORT mcunorcer eos ee@etae understanding of the diversity within the essential
orthodoxy, do not admit the existence of ways to progress Ranta Coe mie teen Ruurenten
along the Road Back that are as true, let alone truer, than
their own, and frown upon this practice. As the orthodoxy,
they are clearly correct, and anyone else is contributing to
the problems in the world. Nonetheless, some Cranes
leave to found their own sects or cults.

Not all diverging sects are equal, either. Some have
thousands of adherents and "proof" of the correctness of PAUGCEAATR 7 OL Ch

There are ten thousand faces of the truth, and ten
thousand faces of error. Students who have taken the first

As you travel among the followers of our creed,
you must remind yourselves that different sorts of
error require different sorts of correction. You cannot
mend a broken wall with a bandage, nor do brick and
mortar help heal cuts and bruis

their teachings in the form of bodhisattvas and ancestors Remember that your knowledge of Heaven's will
CUO eee IER MONECCNME is imperfect. Those who achieve the bodhisattva
EUCe CLO MO M EON aOmeeM state have, by definition, won free of the terrible
PUecleaa emer MetoMe lecacy of sin, both their own and that of their
Eldred eu eM GME predecessors. You—like your teachers —are far from
sects going back hundreds, even thousands, of years. that blessed condition. So it is possible for earnest,

Ooms eee ee omernesoiemelcmeneiee devout seckers of the truth to disagree as to how the
ELC eee omotmienmieme tenets we share ought to be applied to particular

Nee eOcucncinnecmarmetogelecccncms situations. Among your brethren, some have souls as
Ptootctastweaenricmom cd aekotitcmms close to enlightenment as yours and yet believe very
SUC OeMen eo aNCkecuome different things about the Way, the Path, and the
Etter eCeonucumrletetaonadegiems demands of the moment. We refer to those who
Way of the Resplendent Crane. They often disappear [MJRteo mmeltim atatels) Cg otine conta icon mert aerate!
one Oe neeercneiism@etcimeacem their meaning as those who stand aside. They «

dies or goes missing. your brothers and sisters, and when you must correct
MR inreemteenmtiems their errors, do so in the spirit of filial devotion

that his or her sect has a death grip on enlightenment.

Worse, every sect claims its teaching of the Dharma is the

Those Wuo Turn THE Face

GHG) Hue! way-to cleanse;the, Middle Kingdom of the Worst ofall are those who claim for themselves the
Cea ett izht to make over the essential principles. They claim
Cults spring up like weeds in the warm, summer rain. that a vision of truth vouchsafed to them justifies their
Vick nen ketecmtcetems §—endonlytheir—discardingone ormorepillarsofthe
behind putting the world to rights, and more difficulty Way and the Path. They say that they guard a purer
maintaining coherence actoss the Dharma as a whole in RUReeReN MU a tte a eres ite ae eT eta

a dark time of corruption, there are loud arguments over RES UMA RES Leen ene rn aces
MUP CCM eeanitecest@s resco! the dancers are out of step in the opera, or that all
all ways if it is the one way to return the world to the Age the other soldiers on parade have missed the cadence.
of Heaven; one incorrect or misinterpreted point may be When you correct them, do so firmly. You must always
PCa er Mtcntrnt nits low room for repentance to grow in their hearts, but
Yama Kings to destroy the world. Minor arguments over unless they show signs of wishing to return to the true
little things like a basic understanding of the third step of J GNARIIEDN igorously asnecessary to prevent their error
the Eight Lotus Path have provoked midnight wars that from spreading. Some will claim that you have a duty t

wiped outentife sects, be merciful, and they are right... but your mercy to the

TREE NER | world requiresfirmnesstowardthem. Youdonotproperl

sects and cults. Who is right? One of them must be, and
they had better figure out which one before the entire
world is lost.

show compassion toward a sick man by sparing his
disease, and you do not properly honor your Dharma by
sparing its heretics.


peste tht
Those Wo Stranp Asjpe

The following sects, although they diverge from the
orthodoxy of the Shining Ice Guardians of the Blood
Court, stand as accepted parts of the Dharma. They
emphasize different tenets and lotuses, but do not stand in
bold philosophical opposition to the rest of the Crane's
Way. This has not prevented some recriminations and
shadow wars, but most observers accept those as legitimate
parts of philosophical debate within the Dharma.

Tue Ejgur Lotusrs Broonjng

The Eight Lotuses Blooming sect has a tradition
reaching back to the Southern Song Dynasty in China,
when Neo-Confucianism was born and great masters
argued with each other endlessly over the tiniest detail of
their faith. Once a firm adherent to the orthodoxy of the
Shining Ice Guardians, this sect broke off to find its way
by focusing on the first, and what its followers consider the
most important, tenet of the Crane Dharma: following
the Eight Lotus Path.

Arising during the turmoil of the Great Wheel's
turning from the Fourth to the Fifth Age, founded by the
unorthodox yet honorable ancestor Wang Fu-chih, this
sect believes that the primary goal of the Cranes is to find
salvation in themselves and in others through the peaceful
means of education and meditation. At the time of the
founding, the honorable Crane ancestor witnessed chaos
all around him and blamed the turning of the Great
Wheel on the Kuei-jin's inability to control their violent
impulses. He believed that if Cranes could overcome the
impulse to violently gather the Chi needed to survive, and
could instead find harmony within themselves, the Great
Wheel would not turn further.

Eight Lotuses Blooming teaches that the path to
turning the world back to the Age of Heaven lies
through the power of serenity and understanding instead
of swords and flames. Believers in this sect focus on
cultivating harmony within themselves and others as
the way to enlightenment. Teachers emphasize
meditation rituals, quests, and cleansing journeys for
students to learn the importance of each of the eight
lessons within the first tenet.

Eight Lotuses Blooming teaches that the Eight Lotus
Path is an onion. Students must master each lotus before
they can progress to the next. Concentrating on a single
lesson involving the Eight Lotus Path actualizes all the
tenets of the Dharma, and progressing through the first
tenet causes all the other tenets to be lived effortlessly. As
the student peels back a skin to reveal the next layer, so
he discovers it is easier to progress down the Road Back.
Through breathing exercises and meditation on each of
the lotuses, students focus their concentration to control
their desires, including holding back the P'o when the
Demon threatens to break through.

33

Because the members of Eight Lotuses Blooming are
still Damned and must live off the life-force of others, they
emphasize exercises and quests that hone their
understanding of the Dharma. Their ultimate goal is to
reach astate where they no longer require flesh and blood,
but only breath, from their victims. As young Kuei-jin are
not advanced enough to take Chi in any form other than
blood, they are taught to take it as peacefully as possible
when the need arises, including drugging or otherwise
subduing the victim. The Eight Lotuses Blooming sect
teaches that the theft of Chi is necessary to sustain the
body while harmonizing with the Eight Lotus Path, and
the masters who learn to steal life-force from afar are on
the true path to harmony.

The Eight Lotuses Blooming sect encompasses
hundreds of faithful who make yearly pilgrimages to its
central base, the Temple of the Lotus Pond in Winter in
Changan. The sect holds large seminars, congregational
meetings, and debates — some of which are so famous,
students travel from all over the Middle Kingdom just to
listen to such esteemed personalities argue. The sect has
produced a longand venerable line of mandarins, ancestors
and bodhisattvas, enough to long since establish it as a
viable path for those who wish to find conventional
enlightenment outside Shining Ice Guardian orthodoxy.

Tue Evpry THrone

Gao Hueli, who founded the Empty Throne sect, was
one of the first Cranes to decisively show the effects of the
Fourth Age yielding to the Fifth. His mastery of Disciplines
was weak, his soul more prone to temptation from the P'o,
but his heart was filled with desire to serve Heaven and
the Way, and he fought a battle against the elaborate
machinations of a wu turned akuma, commemorated by
his comrade I Dan in the poem "Six Springs." After more
than a century of valiant failures, he wrote the memorial,
"On the Empty Throne" in 1647, following an auspicious
occasion early in the Qing dynasty.

Gao's essential insight was that righteous action is
more important than a particular way of achieving it,
and that those who refuse to submit may nonetheless be
encouraged, guided or even deceived into virtue. Among
the people, some behave morally only when compelled.
Some need the constant example a visible ruler provides.
Others have been blinded by the belief (both ancient
and modern) that they must choose the right for
themselves if it is to have meaning. Still others have a
grudge against the ruler, or for other reasons behave less
virtuously in the presence of righteous authority. These
are the subjects of Gao's form of kingship. "The empty
throne," Gao wrote, "is like the lure a skillful fisherman
casts. It attracts the sinful eye and leads the sinful body
to twist and turn as the fisherman desires, so that the
subtle knives of truth may penetrate quietly into the
sinful heart. Thus is the canker removed."

The Quincunx's assembled ancestors did not greet
Gao's insight with glad cries. He spent the next two years
debating its merits. In the spring of 1650, he offered his
opponents this challenge: they would pick a province
known for its wickedness, and Gao would guide it to virtue
by his methods. The ancestors consulted one another and
settled on Shandong, which had suffered terribly in the
civil wars between the Ming and Qing dynasties. Repeated
destruction of the Yellow River dikes had destroyed much
farmland and left behind pestilence, so thatstarving peasants
feltcompelled to turn to banditry. Qing forces were enjoying
little success restoring order there. Gao accepted, composed
the poem "Toward the Sea, Toward the Rising Moon," and
walked off down the main highway.

No one saw him again for a century. Instead, they saw
the rebirth of virtue in Shandong. Itremained poor, forGao
had no power to restore fertility to depleted land. But order
returned. In almost every village along the Yellow River,
some peasant took it upon himself to organize dike
maintenance and repair. The first Qing governor received
his post as a hardship assignment, taking him away from
more favorable duties as punishment for failings that need
not concern us here. His memorials to the capital carefully
skirted the edges of honesty, not quite claiming credit for
work he couldn't prove he'd done but asserting his role in
moral suasion. His successors continued this policy. Much
improvement did occur through bureaucratic direction:
the army and convicts alike repaired the ruined main roads,
and a series of clever captains hunted down the major
bandit bands. However, much else that grew better had
little to do with the governor or his subordinates.

It was not the governor who inspired a renewed
interest in the ancestral rites. No civil servant touched
the hearts of the people to set up a food-sharing scheme
that cut by half the deaths from famine in the dreadful
"dead years" of the early eighteenth century. The people
did these things themselves, or so they thought.

Gao walked back up the highway onesummerevening,
singing a ballad of his own design, drawing on the words
of Lao Tzu about how the people turn to the Way when
they do not know they are ruled. He brought with him two
wagonloads of evidence as to the nature of his work:
receipts for expenses, diaries of individuals he had chosen
for manipulation, the imprisoned souls of afew particularly

\ \ wicked brigands whom he had driven to suicide, and

Mr AUS : much more. No honest critic among the courts could

x disagree that Gao's labor had made Shandong province

WANT } virtuous, or at least that it had contributed. However,

AD UU E Gane there remained quarrels over how much would have
‘ FE happened through other means had he not been there.

This last argument saddened Gao. He sat down in a
small courtyard near the imperial palace and spent the
next half-century composing commentaries on the classics,
with particular emphasis on means of isolating purely
mortal ideas from the celestial wisdom given to the sages.
"We shall see," he said, "what happens when the building

}
4
4
K

ave

SPD»


‘Pryncjeuss oF Pract

tries to stand without its cornerstone." Events gradually
vindicated him. After the bitter Heavenly Principle Sect
rebellion of 1811-1814, worthies of the Quincunx begged
him to return to activity.

Gao experienced his next auspicious occasion as he
rose to answer one evening in the spring of 1821. "No," he
said. "A principle that works in only one set of hands is
unworthy. If what I say is true, then others may do what
Ihave done." Since then he has resolutely refused to act
upon others in any role but teacher. He practices the Way
of the Single Action: when he walks from one court to
another, he does not speak. When he speaks, he sits
motionless. When he reads the classics, he does not listen
to music. He says that he believes this sedate manner
prolongs his existence by increasing his internal harmony,
so that when circumstances again require him to act
vigorously, he will be there to serve Heaven. In the
meantime, he sends out his disciples to All Under Heaven.

The popularity of the Empty Throne principle waxes
and wanes, like all intellectual fashions. Gao himself has
never endorsed the notion of his student Ling Ku Mao
that the Kuei-jin would also benefit from hidden
leadership. Ling acquitted himself admirably against
charges of heresy and akuma nature on three occasions
between 1870 and 1920, and is now regarded more as a
crank than as an active menace for his enthusiastic
recommendation that all ancestors disappear or disguise
themselves. The Silent Mandarins of Shanghai do not,
of course, speak publicly about this matter more than
about any other, but popular sentiment ascribes their
choice to influence from Gao and Ling.

The Two-L; Roap

The Two-Li Road is one of the oldest sects among the
Resplendent Cranes, dating to the beginning of recorded
human civilization or even earlier. Its adherents include
many Crane ancestors and a great many young Cranes
who were involved in politics during life. Two li is a short
distance — about a mile — and the sect name refers to a
vision of the proper order for mortal society. According to
this sect, Heaven and Earth will again be in harmony
when mortals never go more than two li from their
birthplace. More broadly, the sect of the Two-Li Road
aims to keep humanity fundamentally ignorant of the
world at large and its corrupting temptations.

In the beginning, as all Kuei-jin agree, society was
harmonious. Then discord crept in somewhere. Followers
of the Two-Li doctrine believe that the weakness Yomi
could exploit was civilization. People became wicked when
tempted to move outside the roles assigned to them by the
August Personage. Cities, of course, make excellent homes
for sin, but the countryside can as well. Merchants create
dissatisfaction, showing people things they cannot otherwise
have and drawing their eyes away from the needs of here
and now. Travel encourages envy and allows those who
resist submission an alternative to proper humbling.

Critics of the Two-Li Road say that all this rests on
too narrow an understanding of what it means to be in
accordance with one's Way. Yes, humanity began in
harmony, say the critics, but that does not mean that only
life in pre-civilized primitive conditions can be
harmonious. Followers of the Road respond with a simple
observation: look at how the Wheel of Ages has turned
since humans picked up tools and were not made to put
them down again.

The Road as a sect has little organization. Individual
elders gather like-minded followers to pursue particular
goals, like the disruption of trade inside and out of China
or the destruction of university libraries. Wu form when
adherents of other Dharmas share the Road's vision; some
operate independently, others also in submission to Road
elders. Communities within the sect hold widely varying
views about desirable tactics, from simple brute force to
highly sophisticated sabotage intended to turn civilization's
tools against it. None enjoy a great deal of success. For
every triumph like the isolation of a small valley in inner
Asia and its people's reversion to barbarism, many failures
confront the sect. Pessimism prevails among members,
barely leavened by the hope that humanity might yet
destroy its own civilizations as the Age darkens but before
it is too late for redemption.

More temperate members of the sect see civilization
and virtue on a continuum. They have no expectation of
altogether undoing the evils of technological, organized
existence, but they see much room for improvement.
Every step away from "progress" gives that much impetus
to spinning the Wheel the other way, or at least removes
some momentum from its turning toward darkness. Small
steps are better than none.

Tue Yeuow Moon

In a time now past, three great elder mandarins got
together and hada lively debate over the Five Great Books
and the Doctrine of the Mean. They argued the need for
Yin, the need for Yang, the need for strength and
weakness, the need for good and evil, and the Way of the
Mind and Heart. Every master they referenced in their
long debate was once a living, human master who had
passed on to either Heaven or Hell. None were among
the Damned.

The three great elder mandarins realized that insight
lay within the writings of the wisest of mortals. There was
merit in the Book of Mencius and the Book of Changes —
teachings these mandarins applied to the tenets and
teachings of the Shining Ice Guardians. The Confucians
and Neo-Confucians taught righteousness and rigid life
within the laws, just like the Resplendent Cranes. Why
should the mandarins not teach these writings to their
students? The wise men began teaching their pupils from
the writings of worthies and ancestors of the Wan Kuei
who had lived before, as well as from preparation materials
for mortal merit examinations in China.

36

This innovation did not go over well with the core
constituency of the Resplendent Cranes. The ancestors
swiftly removed the three great mandarins from their
posts for heresy and sent them on their way. Undeterred,
the old masters decided to start their own sect and
promote their own brand of teachings. Called the Yellow
Moon, the new sect didnot grow very fast. Fora long time,
the Yellow Moon was comprised of only the three elder
mandarins. They were happy: they studied their texts,
memorized the koans, and debated such things as graduated
taxation and the construction of new roads as ways to
remove corruption from the world.

Unfortunately, all good things must end. Legends of
the three great masters spread among younger Wan
Kuei, and an adventurous wu sought them out. After
much searching, they found the masters of the Yellow
Moon sect sitting around a small table on the second
floor of a teahouse, arguing drunkenly about the merits
of cheap credit to small businesses. The wu, confused yet
dedicated to finding wisdom in these great sages, bowed
before them and begged to come to the temple and learn
the great teachings. Clearly, these sages had wondrous
wisdom to impart!

The three great mandarins informed the wu that they
were standing in the temple, and that it served excellent
meat buns.

After some confusion, deliberation, bribery and
outright begging, the wu became students of the three
great mandarins. Years of study and some enlightenment
later, the Resplendent Crane member of the wu, Cheng
Ho, chose to stay on with the Yellow Moon and recruit
more students from resident wu in neighboring villages.
Within a few decades, the Yellow Moon sect began to take
on the shape and size of a real movement within the
Dharma. One day, the three great mandarins sneaked out
the back, leaving behind a note claiming it was getting a
bit "stuffy" and they needed space.

The sect has since gone on without its founders. Jina
who have advanced along their Dharma within the sect
administrate the meritocracy exam to students who
choose to join. Ranks within the sect are assigned based
on exam performance and how well they apply the
teachings of ancient human masters to their own progress
along the Road Back. The Yellow Moon sect has been
around long enough to become one of the more honored
sects, despite the fact that the ancestor who first cast out
the three mandarins still maintains they deserved to be
thrown out. The sect even meets in a proper temple
instead of a teahouse.

Much like the Neo-Confucians whom the Yellow
Moon sect emulates, adherents have fallen into the trap
of putting practice ahead of theory. Over time, the
examination and the students who pass it have distilled
down to ideological conformity. While the original
founders believed in width and breadth of experience in
philosophy, learning, and belief, present-day students of

RespLenpenT Cranes

the Yellow Moon focus on progressing through their sect
and attaining positions in highly desirable wu. Students
who graduate into the sect go about applying their learning
with an inhuman zeal, forcing it on peers and using Scarlet
Screens to "guide" villages and prefectures into a Yellow
Moon version of pure righteousness.

In modern times, the Yellow Moon sect is losing
many of its students, as Neo-Confucianism, the
meritocracy exams, and the teachings of ancient masters
has given way to Maoism, the allure of capitalism, and the
bright lights of modern cities. But students still come,
hoping to find enlightenment and the right tools to help
cure the world of its ills in the ancient texts and the
wisdom of masters long past.

Those Wo Turn THE Face

The following sects are considered outright heresies
by the authorities in the Blood Court and by many other
Cranes. The ancestors argue that these sects' rejection or
radical transformation of some of the basics of Crane
belief makes their teachings antithetical to the true Way.
Of course, in a Dharma as political as the Way of the
Resplendent Crane, whispered accusations of heresy fly
around all too often. Inquisitions and midnight wars
aimed at wiping out the most offensive heretical sects and
cults are a constant fact of Crane unlife, and so heretical
cults that survive keep their existence a well-guarded
secret. The following two testimonies came out of
interrogations undertaken by Xu Yikui, an inquisitor of
the Blood Court, as he pursued heresies across the Middle
Kingdom. They reveal some details of two heresies still
active in the Middle Kingdom and beyond. Yikui is
convinced that many more are yet to be found.

The FEnowsnjp oF THE TRAVELERS OF
Great Earth

Interrogator's Note: What follows is amemorial written
by the accused, one who gave her name only as Seventh Seeker
inthe North. We believe, but are not entirely sure, that she was
a disciple of the Green Courts before falling into heresy. She
offered to write out a memorial so as to avoid a prolonged
interrogation (in her words, "since we both know what the
outcome will be, let me be concise").

In the winter after the Americans defeated Japan and
the great storm erupted in the Yin World, six Resplendent
Cranes of House Bishamon meditated together on the
edges of the void where once the city of Hiroshima had
been. On the night of the solstice, wisdom spoke to them,
telling them that the visible hole in the world was merely
the overt manifestation of the emptiness that filled all the
Middle Kingdom. The Mandate of Heaven had been lost,
and the void would only grow until such time as the
emperor was found and restored to the throne.

At first they were confused, thinking of the Celestial
Emperor and wondering if the Creator perhaps lay
concealed somewhere within the Ten Thousand Things.

‘PRINCPLES OF PEace

OS

On the following new moon, wisdom spoke to themagain,
telling them that the emptiness in heaven would end
when it could reflect a fullness on earth. It was not the
Celestial Emperor they needed to seek, but the human
king (or queen), who would found a new dynasty and
unite the Middle Kingdom in political and social order.

The six christened themselves the Six Travelers, and
set forth to search all reaches of the Middle Kingdom for
a worthy emperor. They knew from history that the
Mandate of Heaven is no respecter of social class, and that
the right person of strong mind and heart might appear
anywhere. They asked wherever they went for tales of
surprising wisdom and courage, for these are the signs by
which the Mandate's recipient becomes known. For 10
years they traveled, and they found no one worthy.

At the end of the tenth year, wisdom spoke to them
all again, for the last time. They understood that nowhere
in the Middle Kingdom would they find the person they
sought. Just as the Middle Kingdom once sat closest to
heaven and received its greatest favors, now it sat farthest
away because of its people's sins. Heaven would raise up
the Middle Kingdom again, but the rising would begin
somewhere else. The new emperor would have a soul in
tune with the ancient harmonies, but would not wear the
skin of the Middle Kingdom. Thus he (or she) would be a
rebuke to those who had once had the Mandate and an
inspiration to those who had never known life under
righteous rule.

The Six Travelers do not seek out disciples. Rather,
they wait for the wisdom within them to speak to others.
Discipleship in the Fellowship begins with a question
from the student rather than with a word from the master.
I felt called to them fifteen years ago, after the rest of my
wu were sacrificed in a ploy between the Courts of the
Quincunx. All I saw were ashes and dust, while off beyond
the horizon, I felt in a dream, were lands as green as the
Creator intended, fresh fields ready for the harvest. (Yes,
I know that green is not the color of the ripe harvest.) I
crept away from my court one night and wandered
aimlessly, until encountering the Sixth Seeker in the
North. He began to instruct me, and we traveled together
until he deemed me ready to go on my own.

Inthe north, hard ships ply the ice and simple peoples
roam the lands around the frozen sea. It seems strange to
me that Heaven might place its Mandate among them,
but the world is full of mysteries. Perhaps my role all along
has been merely to draw the attention of servants of the
void, whether witting like the akuma or unwitting like you
who seized and will burn me, while my brothers and sisters
find the new emperor elsewhere.

37

Tue Ljperarors oF THE Waeen

Interrogator's Note: This is a catechism of sorts, taken
among the possessions of the accused, one Pradeep Gangol. It
is to the credit of his ancestor that he recognized the error of
Pradeep's ways and led us to the accused; we shall take no
action at this time against Ancestor Ranjan Bhattari or the
court of Nepal apart from ageneral inspection of their schooling.
Itappears that Pradeep fell into error on his own despite , rather
than because of his instruction. While perhaps not as good as
he would have gotten closer to the heart of the Middle Kingdom,
his education was not essentially deficient.

Pradeep was found hiding in the basement ofa factory,
amid a pile of explosives stolen from construction sites.
He had also stolen a variety of timing devices and was
apparently attempting to assemble bombs for placement
on board aircraft bound for destinations in Europe and
Africa. I fear he is typical of the lone fanatics of this cult,

whose number I cannot yet guess at. I feel there must be
a guiding heretic at the core of the movement, but I have
yet to uncover any clues as to his identity.

How does the Wheel turn? The Wheel turns down
into perpetual darkness.

Why does the Wheel turn down into perpetual
darkness? The Wheel turns down into perpetual darkness
because the World is too heavy.

Why is the World too heavy? The World is too heavy
because it is too large.

Why is the World too large? The World is too large
because the powers of destruction subverted creation.

How did the powers of destruction subvert creation?
The powers of destruction subverted creation by creating
land and sea beyond the Middle Kingdom.

Why did the powers of destruction create land and sea
beyond the Middle Kingdom? The powers of destruction
created land and sea beyond the Middle Kingdom because
they knew that the principle of life would fill them once
they had been made.

Why is it bad for land and sea beyond the Middle
Kingdom to be filled with life? It is bad for land and sea
beyond the Middle Kingdom to be filled with life because
there can be no truth beyond the Middle Kingdom.

Why can there be no truth beyond the Middle Kingdom?
There can be no truth beyond the Middle Kingdom because
it was the only land and sea of the first Ages, and is the only
land and sea in the will of the August Personage.

What must be done to lighten the World? We must
lighten the world by removing all life from the land and sea
beyond the Middle Kingdom.

Why will removing all life from the land and sea
beyond the Middle Kingdom lighten the World?Removing
all life from the land and sea beyond the Middle Kingdom
will lighten the World because when there are no souls
there, the principle of life will withdraw.

How will the withdrawal of the principle of life help?
The withdrawal of the principle of life will help because
when it goes, the sterile land and sea will dissolve into wind
and dust, which are light.

Will this save the World? Yes, this will save the World.
When the Middle Kingdom is again alone, the Wheel will
again turn up.

When can we begin to lighten the World? We can
begin to lighten the World now, with every tool of death
that comes to hand.

Nests or Cranes

The Resplendent Cranes have many places they
consider sacred or important. Temples take the form of
meditation chapels, dojos, shadow colleges, law libraries
and centers of learning for students who wish to focus their
minds on the tenets and learn to live them effortlessly,
honorably, and with integrity. More often than not, specific
sects or cults control these temples, and host services

A ResPLEnpenT Cranes

dedicated to one aspect or teaching of the eight tenets of
the Crane Dharma.

These sacred places contain libraries of books full of
analects and koans, teachers of great wisdom ready to
dispense their knowledge to willing students, and gathering
areas for debate on various points or interpretations of law.
While pilgrimages to these temples are not required for
progressalong the Dharmic path, masters encourage students
to make such journeys in order to perfect understanding
along the Road Back. Students also win points for traveling
toa temple well known for hosting debates, participating in
them, and winning.

Bring

Seat of the Blood Court, northern pole of the Five
August Courts of the Quincunx, and home of the Bestowed
Ancestor, Beijing casts alongshadow among Resplendent
Cranes. Jina and mandarins flock to the Blood Court to
practice leadership and guide the Middle Kingdom toward
righteousness. The city and the surrounding countryside
are home to numerous Crane temples and schools as well.
Mostoften stripped of outward symbols of religious practice,
these simple buildings are the places where jina teach
disciples the Way, where jina learn from mandarins, and
where mandarins debate the fine points of Crane belief.
Shining Ice Guardians believe that instructors should
have only a few students at a time, so none of the teaching
temples are especially large. What they lack in size, they
make up for in prestige and number. Among the most
respected are the Temple of Three Cranes Rising and the
Temple of the Blossoming Flower. Three Cranes Rising
takes its name from Master Han's practice of simultaneously
guiding three disciples toward ling. Bestowed Ancestor
Chiang became a jina at Three Cranes and many wish to
follow in her path. The Temple of the Blossoming Flower
is famous for its focus on the Eight Lotus Path, which its
leader Master Ming-La claims holds the answer to all
Dharmic questions. Ming-La derived her insight from an
observation of Rising Majestically to the Western Sun,
the bodhisattva who fell while defeating Ravana during
the Week of Nightmares.

The Temple of the North Facing Wind sits about 150
miles north of the city proper and is the largest Crane
temple in the region. Although instruction takes place
there, the temple's size is due to its impressive archives. An
expression of Crane support for the Ways of Origin and
Lineage, the archives contain a variety of texts chronicling
the curse of the Wan Kueiand many ancient works important
to Cranes above all others. Teachers from other recognized
temples petition for the right to bring students to this
simple stone building in order to consult the archives. The
waiting list is long and the halls are always full of students
and teachers moving back and forth. Ancestor Tian, who
heads the temple, denies rumors of a long-standing twilight
war over lost texts with the keepers of the Shadow Song
archive at the Bone Court.

Princjpirs oF Peace

The Tempie ar THree Moounrans
ViLLaGE

On the banks of the Yellow River, Three Mountains
has existed since times long past. It has changed little in
the thousand years of its existence. Dynasties have come
and gone, and the ways of the people have not changed.
Peasants till the fields, merchants peddle their wares,
doctors tend the sick, and people go about their lives not
knowing that they are the subjects of a vast sociological
experiment perpetuated by the Resplendent Cranes.

A Shining Ice Guardian long dead, Wang Ping,
founded the Temple at Three Mountains. She had lived in
the village centuries before, when it was no more thana dirt
road and a small cluster of huts. One night, bandits broke
into her home and kidnapped, repeatedly raped, and then
murdered her and her family. She took the Second Breath
with a mind full of vengeance, which she exacted. Hands
full of blood and head full of an overpowering need to
remove such wickedness from the world, she was soon
discovered by a Resplendent Crane jina, who took her in
and trained her in the ways of his Dharma.

Returning to the village as a Wan Kuei, and believing
that her death had a deeper purpose, she started down her
own path of purity. There, she experimented for many
long years, tinkering from outside, bringing money and
influence into an area that was once only mud and straw
huts on a dirty river. She used the influx of cash as a cover
to support her filial duties. She built shrines to her
parents, protected her descendants, and endlessly
manipulated the actions of village residents.

Over time, she communicated her findings to fellow
Resplendent Cranes, and the ancestor of the local court
approved Three Mountains Village as a site for research
and study of the effects of various rules and proclamations
as applied to mortals. Somewhat isolated, the village
provided the perfect site to test various laws — as long as
the Wan Kuei doing the studying never involved
themselves in any way with the villagers.

Wang Ping, died long ago ina tangle with a couple of
hsien, but Three Mountains Village lives on through
layers of Scarlet Screens. It is run by the Kuei-jin of the
Five Mighty Stones wu, who diligently report their results
while guarding the local dragon lines. The Resplendent
Cranes have virtually sealed the village off from the world
as their own private laboratory, and so it has been almost
untouched by the coming of the communists, or any other
dynasty for that matter. The Cranes use it to study what
makes mortals wicked, what makes them act with honor,
and how to eliminate the plague of wickedness from the
world. They insert "elements" of Crane-constituted "good"
or "evil" into the village itself. For example, they starve
the village for a while, and give food only to one person.
They choke off the flow of money to the village and then
scatter gold in the streets. They murder all the first-born
sons in the middle of the night and record the reactions of

mrt
vallti.t!
‘Wavat"" |


the peasants. Current research is important to the Blood
Court of Beijing: the mandarins are trying to determine if
wickedness is something one is born with or something
one chooses, and this village may give a clue.

The human villagers are largely content, and rarely
want to leave. They have never noticed that they could
not leave if they tried. The village is essentially a pleasant
and well-regulated concentration camp. The Resplendent
Cranes have turned Three Mountains into their own
terrarium through which to observe human nature, and
through it, the world.

Hong Kong

Few places provide such a clear demonstration of the
principle that one truth may lead to many answers, even
conflicting ones, as Hong Kong. Resplendent Cranes lead
both the preeminent wu of traditional residents, the
Righteous Devils of Kowloon, and the preeminent wu
coming in with outside challengers, the Victorious
Whirlwind. The complexities of Kuei-jin history being
what they are, Jiu Yow and her companions of the
Whirlwind can (and do) portray themselves as the
guardians of tradition, restoring the old Flame Court and
ending the period of anarchic independence in which
Anguo Chun led the Righteous Devils.

The struggle for supremacy continues. Jiu's position is
secure enough that the Quincunx recognizes the Flame
Court as again in active service, with her as its mandarin.
She was almost ready to press for a chance at the ancestor
creation rites when news came from America of Trip
Monkey Wu's disastrous decline after premature ascension
to ancestry. Now Jiu prefers to wait and concentrate on
the tasks at hand. Both she and her rival Anguo find their
long-term plans complicated by the absence of expected
disorder. There has been neither harsh repression of Hong
Kong's people by the new mainland-backed government
nor particularly passionate resistance and uprising. Both
leaders expected to use stirred-up human crowds as tools;
instead, they must proceed more quietly.

Korea

The Cranes of the Green Courts are almost all staunch
traditionalists — those who prefer other approaches are
welcome to leave, as soon as possible. For the Green Cranes,
North and South Korea were like adjacent gardens in which
different approaches to supreme authority over mortals
could flourish forall to study. Kuei-jin neitherran government
nor exerted substantial influence on government policies,
but did provide what support they could through their own
networks of influence and helped shield both governments
from interference by other shen.

Unfortunately, neither experiment is going very well
from the traditionalist Crane perspective. The South has
become enmeshed in and dependent on foreign ties, and its
industries too often serve merely to promote decadence and
modernism elsewhere. The North teeters on the brink of
collapse, and it scarcely matters (to Kuei-jin) whether the

Respienpenr Cranes

end comes in war or implosion. Scholars who hoped to end
the century with triumphant memorialson the demonstrated
success of totalitarian government instead find themselves
compiling studies as to how each system broke down and
allowed sin to flourish even where the laws were strong. It is,
apparently, not enough to have powerful organs of law and
to use them vigorously. Something must happen among the
people that did not.

Intothis unhappy situationcameasmall band of Western
vampires seeking refuge from the chaos in India. Crane
scholars play an active part in studying the refugees — not
their lore, but the vampires themselves, since their roots lie
inadvanced magical manipulation of mortal and supernatural
raw material. The newly founded Gardeners of the Flesh sect
teaches that the Korean failures show the necessity of
breeding better human beings: smarter, more self-critical and
much more subservient.

The "Nagaraja," as the refugees call themselves, can
offer little insight into the details of their lineage's creation
(or they refuse to), and Crane magicians watch eagerly for
any sign of failing that could justify sentencing one or more
of the outsiders to destruction via experimentation. In the
meantime, early experiments on mass manipulation of
breeding in isolated villages has begun, but it will be years yet
before the experimenters can reliably evaluate their results.

few Steps jn

The Gardeners of the Flesh are
candidates for the temptations of one or more

prime
Yama Kings and their servants. Filled with the

certainty that their end is good, the Gardeners
willingly adopt the most questionable of means in
search of some competitive advantage over their
tivals. They seethe with hubris, and most consider
themselves vastly more insightful than other
Cranes, let alone other Kuei-jin. Demons prepared
to approach slowly and with a manner suggesting
a touch of fe:

deals for ho!

as well as hope may get excellent
sinG:

investments ar

Jenersouls. Somany demonic
so useful for the purpose, and aft
all, when a better humanity begins to displace its
‘Il be plenty of time
for Gardeners to cleanse their own souls...

unworthy predecessor, ther

This is how courts fall.

Norasie Wi

The Resplendent Cranes are great fans of the wu
construct. More than just a good, strong way to bind
together several Kuei-jin to learn from and teach one
another, it is also the way to build a family where one
otherwise could not exist. Cranes cannot return to their
mortal families, although they are required to maintain
them, so the wu makes a fine substitute to fill the void.
Often acting as leaders or father figures of their wu, but

PrincipLes OF Peace

occasionally finding wisdom in the humility of accepting
orders rather than giving them, Cranes use the wu as a
schoolroom, a teaching tool, and a method by which to
achieve their Dharmic goals.

Tue Five Harmonjous
AVENGING THUNDERS

Inatime notso long past in China, awu formed, made
entirely of Shining Ice Guardians dedicated to the ancient
and venerable arts of feng shui. These are not mere
geomancers, however. They have done more than dedicate
their lives to the divining of dragon lines, the design of
buildings in perfect harmony, and living in balance. They
are ridding the world of the plague of wickedness! They are
correcting injustice and dishonor in the world! They are
destroying the Western taint on fine, traditional Middle
Kingdom mysticism. The members of thiswu have devoted
their entire existences to debunking the terrible, popular,
and very profitable business of Western pseudo-Chinese
mysticism. The Western world is stealing, appropriating,
and mutilating all things Oriental. This must stop!

In private circles, the members of the wu call
themselves the "Venerable and Just Defenders of
Traditional Feng Shui... with Guns."

The Five Harmonious Avenging Thunderswu believes
that the corruption of the world and the turning of the
Great Wheel stems from the Western affliction of borrowing
half-understood aspects of Asian mysticism, messing around
with them, and selling truckloads of terrible books to other
unsuspecting Westerners through so-called nature stores.
Worse, unsuspecting Kuei-jin who don't know any better
pick these things up in pocket form and quote from them.
These books not only sell, making Chinese mysticism look
likea collection ofshamanic-spirit-psychic-magical rituals,
but they insist that people who hang wind chimes on their
refrigerator doors will smell better, look better, and be more
attractive. "Fast-food" Chinese mysticism isa plague created
by the evil and diseased Western world that pretends to
be linked to the ancient Chinese arts. It even claims
Tibetan origin!

This corrupted practice must stop! There is, after all,
the fourth tenet of the Dharmic path where, if corruption
appears, the Resplendent Cranes are honor bound to
correct it to the best of their abilities. For the Five
Harmonious Avenging Thunders wu, this correction
involves burning large piles of bad feng shui texts in
roaring bonfires that may or may not also burn down a
nature or New Age store, or the author of the "New
Secrets of Shaolin" receiving a pointed critique from long
range with a sniper rifle. If said author happens to be one
of the debased Kin-jin, the Thunders have killed two birds
with one stone and made the worlda slightly better place.

The wu travels to the far ends of the Middle Kingdom,
searching out malls and shopping centers in order to stop
this plague of books, whistles, chimes, mirrors, flutes, red
packets, and the obsession with improving the flow of so-

4

called "chi" through one's office cubicle. The faster they
eradicate this wickedness, the quicker one more avenue
that the Yama Kings can use to influence evil in the world
will be destroyed.

The Five Harmonious Avenging Thunders wu are a
tad over-energetic, but one cannot fault their tenacity.
They get results, in their own strange little way, and they
have a point. "Fast-food" Chinese mysticism is corrupting
the understanding of true religious practices, eroding
more of the culture of the Middle Kingdom for popular
Westernism. Currently, they have set their eyes on the
Western world itself. They're planning a little trip to
California to hunt down a few so-called "feng shui masters,"
and are also preparing to stop the problem at its heart —
at Western publishing houses.

The Amerjcan DevecopMenr Networr

This wu, composed in equal measure of Cranes,
Thrashing Dragons and Thousand Whispers, travels
through the Americas. Every few years it sets up a new
cover identity as an insurer, investment banking house or
other behind-the-scenes partner in the funding of new
businesses. American Development specializes in
supporting plausible-sounding schemes that divination
indicates will fail. Wu leader Kang Lo-Ti worked as head
clerk in a Shanghai bank in the mid-19th century and has
followed the evolution of financial methods ever since.
From time to time, when forgotten ideas reemerge as the
latest hot fad, he feels a touch of nostalgia and a sense of
reconnection to the world he left behind.

For a long while, the American Development wu
operated independently of any court. From time to time,
Kang settled in a city with a Chinatown large enough to
support some Kuei-jin, from whom he would learn news
from back home. When the debate leading to the Great
Leap Forward began, he sent his wu-mate, former journalist
Jessica Huang, to listen on his behalf. He affiliated the wu
with the Fence-Menders faction, which put him in good
standing after the initial beachheads were secure. Now
American Development makes reports for the New
Promise Mandarinate's use as well as for its own purposes,
and the Mandarinate enthusiastically backs American
Development's efforts to make modern finance capitalism
feed its own downfall.

Early on, American Development clashed routinely
with Kin-jin who wished to exert influence over financial
and other matters. Kang recognized this as a fruitless
struggle: no matter how thoroughly he might disperse
the ashes of one rival, there would always be another.
American Development therefore now dedicates
substantial resources to pre-investment research. At any
sign of Kin-jin involvement behind the scenes of a target
business, or the locale in which it operates, American
Development withdraws any expressions of interest it
may have made and goes in search of other targets. After
all, the masses are many and vampires are few, and there
are always alternatives.

The Sisters oF THE Cooljng Hearth

This wu is one of the oldest among the Cranes; its
members are all female, gender-neutral or androgynous.
They do not welcome males, though they're willing to
advise groups of male Kuei-jin who wish to perform the
same sort of mission.

The Sisters of the Cooling Hearth always select as
their mistress a Kuei-jin in permanent Yin imbalance.
Under her leadership, they seek out mortals who are dying
and filled with some unresolved passion. They study their
subjects before making any approach, searching for the
underlying causes of the soul's unrest. Then one or more
of them makes contact with the dying person to offer
soothing encouragement, while the others work visibly or
secretly to remove the distress.

While the Sisters take seriously their duty to show
mercy to all in need, they have a more pragmatic concern
as well. They seek to prevent dead mortals from becoming
ghosts, or from rising on the Road Back in the absence of
some motive other than pain and the compulsion to fix it.
They believe that the Demon Emperor who is to come feeds
the world's misery so as to create more vassals for his armies,
and this way they deny him as many conscripts as possible.

The founding Sisters were Buddhist nuns in
southeastern China during the Mongol Yuan dynasty. As
new Kuei-jin themselves, they saw how mortal torment
strengthened the forces of unrest and wickedness in the
Yin World, and they felt that their oaths to Kuan-Yin to
heal others remained in effect. As successive waves of

outside ideology swept over China, the Sisters incorporated
relevant teachings from each of them. In the present,
various Sisters speak of their mission in Buddhist terms, or
in Roman Catholic ones of release from purgatory, or in
Koestlerian ones of discharging deadly orgone radiation
to prevent the creation of post-mortem psychic
disturbances. The mission itself remains the same. §

BEYonp THE Way

The righteous Resplendent Crane cannot limitherself
to existing among those who agree with her. Not only is
it her Dharmic duty to instruct the errant and purge the
wicked, but in order to continue her own education she
must experience the world and its inhabitants. The way of
seclusion is not a viable one for leaders.

Tue Otxer Drarmas

Acting as judges, jury and executioners of the entire
world, the Resplendent Cranes keep their eyes on the
workings of the other Dharmas. It is not simply their own
who need to keep recourse to the law, but all Kuei-jin
under the watchful eye of Heaven. Knowing the way the
other Dharmas work, or don't work, is key to interacting
with their followers, understanding their weaknesses and
gaining insight from their strengths.

Cranes see one overwhelming truth when interacting
with the other Dharma: no situations lack lessons. One
can always learn from interactions with other paths, even


‘Princjpes oF Peace

if the lesson simply reaffirms the correctness of one's own.
Understanding other paths is key to learning how all the
Kuei-jin work in concert, how to best govern them fairly,
and where their strengths and weaknesses are best applied
to the ultimate end of the Cranes — the turning back of
the Great Wheel.

The following descriptions of the other Dharmas are
taken from Reflections on Frogs and Butterflies by Masters
Yen Zu and Lu Po-Kung:

The How. oF THe Devji-Tig&R

Where the Resplendent Cranes are in control of the
Demon, the Devil-Tigers let it run free. Where the Cranes
are reserved, the Tigers are mad. Where the Cranes make
amends for their transgressions, the Tigers revel in them.

One who wishes to approach a Devil-Tiger must observe
it first. Their path is radically different from that of the
Shining Ice Guardians, and to the untrained eye, they seem
to be throwing themselves into corruption rather than
seeking to cure the world of it. They would will the Great
Wheel to turn, just to have more pain and chaos in their lives.

The Tigers do not merely revel in their P'o nature. They
learn to train it. They harness its power. They see themselves
in the role that the Yama Kings have given up: punishing the
wicked. If you can maintain your dignity and composure
around them, you will see them as a Dharma focused entirely
on the purgation of the wicked. They are a scythe to cull the
unworthy in our quest for purity and righteousness. They are
the embodiment of our sixth tenet and the Fourth Lotus.
Focus on your composure and learn to master it around the
Devil-Tigers, and understand their fundamental purpose in
the scheme of things, as that purpose is a lesson to us. They
are useful in our quest to turn back the Great Wheel.

One who has not mastered the eighth tenet of the
Dharma might not have the facilities to dispassionately
analyze the actions of the Tiger, and may see themas patently
offensive. They appear to be out-of-control children who
want only to destroy and spread their vile filth throughout
the Middle Kingdom. One must remember that they are
tools. Soon, it will be time to straighten or prune the wicked
—and more than one Devil-Tiger will be pruned.

Tue Song oF THE SHapow

The calm, cool, collected, detached Bone Flowers
should have common ground with the Shining Ice
Guardians. They share the same feelings toward the family,
the same necessity for control, and the same determination
to hold their composure under any condition. Like us, they
are diplomats, scholars and intellectuals. Yet the two
Dharmas are a universe apart.

The Bone Flowers have separated themselves from the
living world. Like Buddhists, they focus on the world of the
dying and the dead, claiming they are "like dust" and have
fallen off the karmic cycle of birth and rebirth. They feel no
need to take responsibility for the land of the living, the
land of the now. They are too focused on their detachment
from the world, and even their detachment from the rest of

43

in. They sit in the basements of their moldering
libraries, staring at their dusty tomes, contemplating their
navels and their dead relatives while corruption runs
rampant in the land. They spend all their time talking to
spirits. They do not realize that soon, without action, they
toomight become spirits —or worse. They donot understand
that their cool demeanor will not save them if the Great
Wheel turns and they find themselves at the unpleasant
end of the stick after the Yama Kings take control.

The Bone Flowers are nearly as culpable for the disease-
ridden world as the other Dharmas. They refuse to take
action, calmly allowing outsiders to spread their corruptive
plague and the Sixth Age to arrive. This is unacceptable
behavior when there is so much to lose if the stream of
corruption is not halted!

There are many recorded incidents, even in this late
age, where the Crane has sought to correct a wrongdoing
among a wu, as he should, while his Bone Flower brother-
in-arms has stood idly by and let such things take their
course. When a Crane sees corruption caused by hsien,
akuma or even his Kuei-jin brothers, he should not stand
around and strike up conversations with the offender,
hoping for arcane insights into a spirit world. He must put
things to rights.

Despite their grave errors, however, there is much to
respect and to learn from the Bone Flowers. Their libraries
hold much knowledge —even knowledge better forgotten.
The Bone Flowers have much to offer in the way of great
learning, especially on the ways of the spirit realms. Given
the chance, one should learn as much as possible from their
ways, and apply the laws of the Dharma to this learning to
examine its integrity, its failings, and the way to use it to
best further the needs of the world.

The Part of a Trousann Wiijspers

The Resplendent Cranes teach a kind of balance these
Centipedes would appreciate: to balance strength and
weakness in judging the honor of a deed or belief, to balance
Yin and Yang while mastering the Hun and teaching the
P'o to submit, to grasp the mean and use it to temper
composure, integrity and action. Yet the Centipedes donot
hold onto the mean in their search for balance. Instead,
they swing to extremes. They cannot decide if they are
strong or weak. They cannot decide if they want to have
personal integrity or be truly wicked. They cannot decide
if they want to be mad or sane. They try everything and
more in their search for enlightenment.

Their self-absorption in their quest to find a balance
among the throngs of humanity distracts them from what
is important in the scheme of the world. They want to
revel in mortal ways, continue to live their lives and wear
masks, yet they pay no attention to the fact that when the
Great Wheel turns, there will be no more humans to
emulate. There will be no more lives to live. There will be
no more masks to wear.

Worse, they insist on trying to find enlightenment
among mortals. They have not yet learned that humans


are to be governed secretly and kept blind to the ways of
the Kuei-jin. Humanity holds no secrets to turning back
the Great Wheel! Humanity is where the Kuei-jin began,
when they were alive and ignorant of the true ways of the
world. If there was anything to learn there, the Kuei-jin
would have learned it before they took the Second Breath,
not afterwards. Humans are not to be taken advantage of
lightly, for that is the path to dishonor, but they are
casualties and tools in the war to turn the Wheel back
toward the Age of Heaven, not the route to keep it from
moving forward.

Yet the Centipedes know better than anyone else the
ways of mortals and how to manipulate them. They
understand the mortal world and how to use it for the ends
of the Kuei-jin. Take what is needed from them and
dispose of them as you will before moving on to free the
world from the corruption beneath which it labors.

Tue Dance oF THE THrasHing Dragon

As Chi flows down from Heaven, it generates Yang.
When its activity reaches its limit, it becomes tranquil.
When Chi becomes tranquil, it generates Yin. When this
tranquility teaches its limit, it becomes Yang again. This
is the Principle of Heaven and Earth. An equal balance of
Yin and Yang leads to perfection of the Hun. This
perfection brings about correctness in all things.

The Thrashing Dragons are not interested in
correctness in all things. They are interested in the
principle of movement and action, an overabundance of
Yang that feeds their flesh and brings about action of
dubious integrity and honor. For the Shining Ice
Guardians, the pinnacle of the Eight Lotus Path is harmony
and tranquility, the synthesizing of Yin and Yang with the
Hun. This gives rise to righteousness and correctness. The
Thrashing Dragons, however, only care about what Yang
provides them and how they may act on these impulses.
We find this unacceptable. We cannot abide wickedness
and folly.

The universe requires a balance of Yin and Yang, and
Dragons express purity of the active force of Heaven just
as the Bone Flowers express the passive. Such energy,
directed by the strong guiding hand of a Shining Ice
Guardian, can lead toward a great cleansing of the disease
that has infected the Middle Kingdom. It can destroy
wickedness, put wrongs to rights, and restore honor and
purpose to the land. It can invigorate the wu into action
and spur the Kuei-jin toward turning back the Great
Wheel. Separated from the maddening foolishness of the
penangallan and the influence of the Golden Courts,
Yang, like Yin, can serve our cause. Control, patience and
an understanding of the place of all things under Heaven
are the techniques to use when faced with the Dance of
the Thrashing Dragon.

The Flame oF THe Rising PHornyjx

The heretical Flame of the Rising Phoenix is
fundamentally wrong, and built on shoddy philosophical

Respuenpen Ceanes

foundations. Mistakes made in the previous life, before
taking the Second Breath, are tools for learning and
advancement, not ascourge with which to beat oneself for
eternity. Instead of dwelling on the transgressions of the
past and staying trapped in mortal life, one must move on,
embrace the Fivefold Way, and join Kuei-jin society.

Focusing on, or appearing to, one's mortal family is a
disgraceful act. This Dharma does not realize its own
innate wickedness, and so lives in a cloud of delusion. It
is shameful to cling to a past life and extort personal
worship from the family! These deluded Kuei-jin must
realize there is no salvation from their former kin — if
there had been, they never would have taken a trip to
Yomi in the first place! One must move on and concentrate
on the more important problems plaguing the world. The
correct action to take when faced with the Flame of the
Rising Phoenix is to straighten them appropriately, and if
they will not be straightened, purge them.

Tue Tempest oF THE juwarp Focus

We Resplendent Cranes believe that the laws must
apply toall people if all are to follow them. In this way, the
bodhisattvas and ancestors craft the laws to appeal to the
Hun and keep the P'o at bay. But the Tempest of the
Inward Focus wants to follow all laws and none, hoping to
find enlightenment down a path that zigs and zags. They
ignore the clear path laid out by the laws. How can they
know what must be done if they spend all their time
running off after this pursuit or that? How can they focus
their energies on fighting back the plague that stalks the
Middle Kingdom if they spend all their time meditating
on which road they should walk down?

The Tempest is lost in the wilderness with no path to
follow. If they step out of bounds on their "quest" for
enlightenment, they will fall.

Tue Face or tHe Gops

The Godlings have forsaken their history, their
destiny, and their duty so that they can sit around and
claim to be fallen gods who need only dally with human
followers long enough in order to return to Heaven. Is this
acceptable behavior for a Kuei-jin, to sit outside the
boundaries of society, preach froma false throne, and play
among mortals? Is this a true path to learning,
enlightenment, and the Road Back?

The ancestors suggest that loyal Cranes either correct
the fallacies held by these pretenders or eradicate them
from the face of the world along with the outsiders and
other foul menaces that stalk the land. On finding such a
fool, one must weigh his existence against the great
teachings of the Shining Ice Guardians and decide if his
wickedness is significant enough to poison the land and its
peoples. Cranes must set the fool on the road to
righteousness and return him to Kuei-jin society, or else
remove the Godling with the least amount of mess. Such
aheresy as that of the Divine Face cannot go uncorrected.


Princpies oF Peace

The Spjrjt oF THE Living Earri

Like the Crane's Way, the Spirit of the Living Earth
puts great emphasis on moral behavior, ceremony, ritual,
teaching, learning, and adherence to its tenets. These
Cerulean Veils live within their means, take correct
action when called upon, and live lives of high
respectability. Though a small sect, the Living Earth is
highly respected by the Cranes for its followers'
appreciation of the flows of Chi, their dedication to
protecting the dragon lines, and their firm determination
to return to righteousness. While they do not hold the
same beliefs about turning back the Great Wheel, they are
our close comrades in their desire to live second lives full
of integrity and honor.

However, the Cerulean Veils' adherence to the
monastic life, along with their focus on the flow of Chi
and on their favored spirits, makes them even more
remote and moralistic than the most austere Shining Ice
Guardian. One should not extricate oneself so wholly
from society. After all, living within the society of the
August Courts is part of being a Kuei-jin. Members of this
sect also spend altogether too much time talking to and
learning from the spirits. If the Spirits of the Living Earth
can be convinced to take their learning more from the
teachings of their Kuei-jin forebears and less from the
spirit realms, whose denizens no doubt lie and mislead
them, they could become the perfect warrior compatriots
in the battle against corruption.

Cranes aND HumanjTx

The seventh tenet provides the framework for all
Crane dealings with the daylit world: subtle protection of
the family. The emphasis on remaining hidden makes
Cranes strong proponents of Scarlet Screens and other
buffers in their dealings with mortals. The Temple at
Three Mountains Village (see page 39) is the most
accomplished example of subtle but thorough interaction
with a human society. But the seventh tenet only deals
explicitly with the mortal family, not the overall human.
population. In typical Crane fashion, there exist many
views of humanity, from mewling cattle to center of
creation. The following texts illustrate some of the more
prominent viewpoints.

fHumanjry as Djsease

From the testimony of accused akuma Izanagi Ishiro,
May 11, 1995:

Certainly it is true that I was once a human being.
What of it? Every speck of matter and energy that came
together in my humanity had once been something else:
the earth, a plant, an animal. I claim only that neither I
norany other of the Ten Thousand Demons has any more
duty to one past form of our component material than to
any other. We do not serve humanity, but the world itself,
everything under Heaven.

You must know, my earnest inquisitor, the term
"triage." A doctor faced with more injuries than he can

treat must set priorities, curing where he can and removing
the parts that cannot be saved. This is our duty as well. I
feel no particular hatred for humanity, any more than the
surgeon hates the microscopic life that creates disease. I
simply observe the consequences to the world at large of
this infestation remaining untreated and set about applying
triage to the growing world-pain.

Your minions caught me before I could apply this
simple principle to the human rot afflicting the Home
Islands. No doubt you think them very wise and virtuous.
Lalmost wish I could be there to see the realization dawn on
you, not many years from now, that perhaps the doom you
then face could have been averted if only you'd listened to
me here and now. Alas, justice is seldom so obliging.

fHumanjry as Unruy Susjects

Amemorial by Qi Shidao, Disciple of the New Promise
Mandarinate, to the Blood Court, 11 November 2001:

I commend to the honorable mandarins of the
esteemed court that they resist all efforts to strengthen
political and social ties between China and the United
States. acknowledge that the current state of negotiations
does make certain aspects of the Great Leap Outward
easier. But the demands of justice take precedence over
convenience, and what Heaven commands it also makes
possible. Insofar as the Great Leap Outward is the proper
task of our time, we can and will find ways to carry it out.

The arrangement that some mortals call "globalism"
confirms the words of the sages long ago, that where there
is much movement there is also much dissatisfaction. It is
far easier to lead subjects whose heads do not rattle with
upsetting visions of "the good life" that they could have
somewhere else, or in other circumstances. Just as the
largest waves form in deep seas rather than shallow ponds,
so the intermingling of communities promotes more unrest
than would prevail if they were cut off from each other.

I write to you now in part to recommend against a
course of action I know you have considered in recent
years. Overt violence against globalism will not produce
satisfactory results. It appears to well-intentioned mortal
onlookers like mere petty jealousy. If we are to actually
reduce the extent to which nations and regions trade with
each other, we must prepare for a sustained campaign
waged by non-violent means. We must persuade (orcoerce)
leaders in politics and finance, while simultaneously using
the organs of propaganda to win public support for the
merits of increased self-sufficiency. I chafe under this latter
limitation, for I know that Heaven allowed me to return to
be a king, not a courtier. Nonetheless, my experience
subduing rebellious conquests tells me that in this age,
kingship no longer means what it once did.

Where we engage in acts of sabotage, we must take
great care not to provide visible agents. The results must
seem to stem from mere misfortune and happenstance. As
with persuasion, this lack of public accountability chafes
against our tradition, and donotrecommend the approach
lightly. But I also see how acts that mortals can blame on
specific individuals free them of the burden of thinking

46

that the acts reveal any weakness in their current social
order. They think such thoughts only when not distracted
by other explanations.

My comrades in the pacification effort are of two minds
when it comes to mortals' use of telecommunications. On
the one hand, surely it is better for those who wish to
consume foreign creations to consume only ideas rather
than artifacts. Where the people sit and watch television
and films and work on their computers, they are at least not
out buying tangible goods shipped from other regions, with
all the infrastructure that requires. On the other hand,
desires begin with ideas and images, and it is these
telecommunications that make the rest possible. Our
principal line of attack on this front begins with the
unreliability of images not endorsed by political authority
and goes on to emphasize the frightening, difficult, and
confusing aspects of dealing with people very unlike oneself.
Our secondary line of attack is to underwrite all those who
flood the electronic channels with banal, useless
transactions, in hopes that the people will turn back to
more traditional means of approaching the world.

We of the pacification effort dream of a mortal world
composed of small districts whose populations regard each
other as at best irrelevant, at worst competition, whose
folkways change seldom and who yield readily to the words
of authority. We labor diligently to bring this to pass, and
thank you for your consideration of the merits of our case.

In the spirit of speculation, I suggest that a more
thoroughly divided world would better advance our
traditional concern with turning the Wheel of Ages.
Geographic and social isolation cannot guarantee
immunity from the change of Ages, as I know from
studying the accounts of our ancestors who dwelled far
from the great centers of the Fourth Age and found
themselves inexplicably surrounded by new Wan Kuei
manifesting the characteristic deficiencies of the Fifth
Age. And yet it is true that the Age came more slowly to
those outposts. It is at least possible that a community
even more thoroughly isolated and led by Wan Kuei who
appreciate the spiritual risks could not only forestall the
advance of a further, darker Age, but restore otherwise
lost virtue. We have not, to the best of my knowledge,
engaged in any systematic experimentation on this matter
since the loss of virtue associated with the current Age
became ubiquitous, and I commend this as a topic of
investigation for ambitious jina willing to isolate
themselves for an extended period of time.

Implicit in this speculation is a challenge I wish to
declare explicitly: the notion of an "Age" as a universal
state may not hold as much validity as we think. Karmic
and Dharmic changes spread with the movements of
troubled souls. If we could break up these bonds, perhaps
what is now the apparently unstoppable juggernaut of a
world-crushing Wheel may become many smaller Wheels,
each more susceptible to righteous steering.

Thope these words contribute something to your debate.

In devotion to the great cause,

— Qi Shidao

Respuewpenr Ceanes
Humanjry Dwarrep sy Au Unper Heaven

A letter to Ling I, former Deputy Minister for the
Evaluation of Foreign Oracles, from an unknown
source, found in his residence after a riot destroyed the
block in 1969:

Dear friend,

Our mutual acquaintance once quoted the barbarian
scripture, "When I look to the heavens, what is man,
that Thou art mindful of him?" I propound the spirit of
this text while of course rejecting its superficial
theological crudity.

Isubmit to you that you have become overly attached
to humanity at the expense of the other 999 things that
comprise All Under Heaven. Not that I endorse the
pernicious anti-humanity sentiment one finds
increasingly often in these troubled times — I sympathize
with it, and agree that the human race very much needs
pruning, but cannot respect obsession that turns against
the validity of the human concept as such. No, I wish
merely to point out how very small a part the race from
which we come plays in the greater scheme of things.

Look up. Do humans fill the stars, or the spaces
between them? Look out. Do humans fill the deserts and
mountaintops, or the winter wastes? Look down. Do
humans fill the earth and the sea? The world belongs to
the insects and vines, the elephants and pines, as much
as it does to humanity. The skies belong to the clouds
and winds, the heavens to the planets and stars. The seas
belong to the krakens and to the spirits of silence and
darkness. Beyond the Mirror lie worlds vaster than this,
full of inhabitants who owe nothing to humanity and its
concerns.

The sages of your Dharma are too often like judges
who regard only nobles as part of their constituency, or
like priests who will perform only rites described in a
particular one of the classics. It's not that what they do
is wrong — it is entirely correct, as far as it goes. It simply
doesn't go far enough. In fact, it falls tragically short of
what's necessary. Why do you not have entire academies
dedicated to training young disciples to bring justice and
order to the lands beyond the Wall? Why do you not
encourage mastery of the transformative Disciplines so
that students may go among the animals and birds and
fishes to speak with them of Heaven's will?

If I, who am not committed to your cause, can see
this in just a few short years of observation, | must
wonder about the seriousness of your sages. Are they
blind, or refusing to see? Although I have not given my
post-mortem existence over to your Dharma, nonetheless
I believe it no more dispensable than any of the others
appointed by Xue at the beginning of our epoch, and I
fear for the world when those chosen by Heaven for your
role neglect so much of it.

Translator's Note: The rest of this letter was apparently
lost in the conflagration that destroyed Ling I's residence.

Principles OF Peace Pei .
Tue Grear Leap Ourwarp

There ismuch disorder under Heaven and the situation
is excellent.

Two factions take part in the ongoing effort to bring
the blessings of Heaven and the Middle Kingdom to other
lands. The Righteous Foreigner-Vanquishing Crusaders
take the straightforward view that whatever is wrong with
the world came from outside the Middle Kingdom, and
that therefore outsiders deserve subjugation (if they submit)
orannihilation (if they resist). The Harmonious Menders
of Broken Fences believe that no invasion can succeed
except insofar as the Middle Kingdom itself exists in
proper harmony. They care about the New Promise
Mandarinate, the Kuei-jin "colony" in North America,
insofar as it allows them to strike against those they
believe responsible for advancing corruption at home.
These dark influences are not primarily a matter of mortal
society, but of states of the soul. Kuei-jin do not neglect or
ignore matters of business, politics, and other elements of
human society, but neither are these their foremost
concerns. What matters overall, particularly in light of
the fullness of the Eight Lotus Path, is what happens in the
spirit worlds and among the supernatural population
under Heaven. A single akuma or practitioner of Kin-jin
blood magic may well do more harm to the Middle
Kingdom than a thousand capitalists or diplomats, to
those who see beyond the flesh. The Extraordinary
Commission on the Rectification of Borders, the gathering
of ancestors and other worthies who oversee the expansion.
of the Middle Kingdom and Quincunx authority, seeks to
balance these concerns.

The oldest and most successful front in the Great Leap
Outward is the Pacific coast of North America. Kuei-jin
influence now runs from Baja, California well up into the
Pacific Northwest in one form oranother, and encompasses
the vast cities of Los Angeles, San Francisco and San Diego.
Anattempted counter-strike by rebellious Western vampires
called Anarchs ended in dismal defeat, and the Camarilla,
the ruling sect of Kin-jin, accepts Kuei-jin rule on the West
Coast as a fact of life. The New Promise Mandarinate will
face no Camarilla opposition as it expands into territory
controlled by the diabolical Sabbat.

Inthe opening months of the invasion, Fence-Menders
and Crusaders struggled for dominant roles. The contest
ended with the defeat of the Anarch coup, with Fence-
Menders playing the decisive part in smashing the Anarch
force and coming to satisfactory terms with the Camarilla.
Now a division of labor prevails: Crusaders take the war
into unconquered territory, seeking out Kin-jin and forcing
into capitulation or destruction those who do not yield.
The Fence-Menders concentrate on securing the
conquered land and developing the stable institutions
necessary for ongoing governance.

Tut Manparjnate anp jrs Power

The success of the Great Leap Outward does not mean
that mortals in California suddenly find themselves living
under Chinese rule. The Mandarinate's war is aimed


48

primarily at supernatural beings, and the changes to West
Coast society follow from this. Where a powerful vampire
lord and his followers have been destroyed, for instance,
networks of mortal contacts fall into disarray. Businesses
that were heavily exploited or directed by vampires now
have torun themselves, and many lack the leadership to do
so. In daytime life this manifests as economic and social
turmoil, and sudden outbreaks of confusion in communities
that had been stable.

Even among Western shen, the Mandarinate wields
somewhat limited authority. Lone vampires and small
coteries who stay low and practice disciplined feeding may
escape attention indefinitely. The Great Leap Outward is
not, despite Crusader wishes, devoted to the annihilation
of all rivals, but to their subjugation. The Mandarinate
seeks submission, so that the souls of the local shen become
harmonized with the aims of Heaven's agents, the Kuei-jin.
Resistance brings a fight to the end, while targets who
choose to surrender retain a substantial degree of freedom
and power within the Mandarinate's overall authority. The
San Francisco Bay area is currently the site of a stable truce
between the Mandarinate and the Camarilla, with the
Kuei-jin claiming prime feeding grounds as their exclusive
domain. Several mandarins in Northern California
remember when foreign mortals claimed authority over key
parts of China and other Asian nations, and relish the
opportunity to revisit this policy on the West's debased
vampires. Slowly they expand the hunting grounds and
associated rights of their court, pushing the Kin-jin into
slow starvation and disunity.

Overtime, the Mandarinate may become more involved
in mortal affairs as well. For now, though, the ruling
individuals realize that seeking significant influence in the
region's governments would attract unwelcome attention
from political loci beyond the Mandarinate's borders, and
itisas easy to manipulate business through routine commerce
as by infiltration or subversion. A few wu experiment with
efforts to pick up the loose reins of influence left behind
after a stubborn coterie perished; so far the results aren't
particularly encouraging, and scholars back home debate
whether such experiments should be forbidden.

One experiment that would definitely be forbidden if
anyone learned of it is the work of the Heaven-Suffusing
Surgeons. This small wu of Cranes takes inspiration from
the Fellowship of the Travelers of Great Earth sect and is
trying to create Kuei-jin from Western souls. Its members
look for individuals who show anaffinity for Middle Kingdom.
doctrines, provide a crash course in essential spiritual
tealities (reinforced by Soul Disciplines to the point where
the subject can no longer think of alternative worldviews)
and then sacrifice the subject in the midst of a holy rite of
consecration. So far none of the subjects has walked the
Road Back. The sect's leaders are patient, and believe that
if they can escape detection, in their various strongholds in
the mountains around the Los Angeles Basin, sooner or
later they'll be able to stride into the Mandarinate's court
with disciples who are Kuei-jin in truth despite never
having been part of the Middle Kingdom. Rumors of these
experiments reach the court from time to time, and the

Respuenpenr Cranes

court's enforcers have begun periodic searches for whatever
underlying truth the claims may have.

Cranes jn THE ManpaRjNaTE
As of early 2002, relatively young Cranes lead both the
Crusaderand Fence-Mender factions within the Mandarinate.
Maximum Sun of the Emerald Ministry wu is one of the
fiercest warriors of the invasion. He's also incurably mad,
believing himself the victim of a spiritual blight that makes
his brain rot. He thinks maggots sometimes wriggle out of his
ears and nose, and that others can see flies buzzing around
behind his eyes whenever he fails to wear dark glasses. The
torment of all this distracted him during crucial months of
the summer and fall of 2000, costing the Crusaders the
participation of their most effective leader in the field.
However, his P'o provided a way out that winter when it
began sharing the madness. His demon form now displaysthe
blight prominently. He goes into battle as a thing of rot and
decay, shouting to his foes that this is the true state of their
souls. The extra intimidation proves crucial in otherwise
marginal clashes, and garbled stories of his attacks help
demoralize opponents on the fringes of the Mandarinate.
The elders know that the Mandarinate is far too new to
have an ancestor, but when it matures, Han Hui of the Violet
Path Posse may well become its first ancestor. While
committed without question to the Fivefold Way and the
Eight Lotus Path, Han believes that new times call for new
expressions, and she's willing to consider all sorts of
adjustments in traditional power structures. If it takes anew
subordinate role for a Kin-jin "supervisor" to appease the
Western vampires of a town or county, Han readily approves
its creation. If some concessions with regard to mortal
influence can speedily end a dispute, she makes them.
Opponents who scrutinize her decisions in isolation often
feel that she's given up something essential for doubtful gain,
but taken overall the Mandarinate prospers, with more gains
and fewer costs than in the earlier years of struggle.
Actually, the Mandarinate did have an ancestor for a
few months. The Thrashing Dragon raconteur Trip Monkey
Wu even survived a simplified version of the Naming the
Ancestor rite (see p. 65). He proved unable to maintain
effective authority, and after a moment of blindness that
locked him intoathree-day coma, he retired to the seashore
of central California to contemplate his next steps. Some
Dragons say he fell because Crane manipulators pushed
him, though no clear evidence exists to support the charge.

Oursjpe Cua, jusjpe THE MippLE Kingpom

The Great Leap Outward began as an almost
exclusively Chinese venture: conceived within the
Quincunx, supervised by Kuei-jin known among Chinese
elders, manned by recruits known in turn to the supervising
authorities. Only a handful of Japanese and Korean
vampires took part in the initial campaign.

Over time, it has become somewhat more diversified.
Chinese vampires still outnumber all other participants
combined, but it's no longer unusual for the court of a
newly conquered city to include a few individuals from

‘Pryncjpurs OF Peace

Southeast Asia, nor for the shock troops engaged in this
month's most intense battle to include Japanese warriors.
Kuei-jin coming from outside China do so as individuals
or wu without any particular support from their courts in
almost all cases. The campaign looks like China's concern
to the elders of other nations, and while they're happy to
send would-be crusaders off on crusade, almost all of them
expect it to end in dismal failure.

Two prominent exceptions exist among the Cranes:
the House of Genji and a Crane wu in the Indian province
of Kashmir.

The elders of House Genji in Japan worry deeply about
the future of their country. The omens indicate that Japan's
economic woes will get much worse before they get better.
Genji analysts see in the Great Leap Outward the twofold
opportunity to secure useful resources under the control of
forces they can manipulate and to send out their own
troublemakers en masse just as the Quincunx did. Their
best diplomats are carefully negotiating with the
Extraordinary Commission on the Rectification of Borders
for a Japanese presence on the Commission itself. So far,
both sides agree that the performance of the ever more
numerous Japanese participants in the crusade will affect
the possibilities for Genji involvement in decision-making.
San Francisco's Japantown is also home to several gaki with
pre-Leap roots in America, whose active resistance to the
Mandarinate since its arrival in the Bay Area does not
incline the Commission toward Japanese representation.

The orthodox Dharmas have long faced competition
from organized heretics in India, and the clash of visions
only increased following the secret turmoil around the
Week of Nightmares and its aftermath. A wu of scholarly
Cranes in Kashmir have recently suffered horrible
revelations pointing toward a crushing defeat for the
remaining orthodox courts throughout the subcontinent,
at the hands of enemies whose identity they cannot discern.
Without giving any hint of these revelations, they've
actively encouraged displaced wu and individual Kuei-jin
who have lost their wu-mates in recent years to join in the
Great Leap Outward. Perhaps the Indian Crane tradition
may survive outside India. Younger Cranes see in the Great
Leap Outward the refreshing opportunity to engage in a
somewhat more straightforward battle than the ones
common in their homeland— in North America they fight
neither god-monsters from the pit nor their own kin, and in
this similar situation, many of them now experience
auspicious moments.

The War Back Home: The Beast Courts

Kuei-jin are accustomed to formal, often tense, but
essentially peaceable relationships with the shapeshifting
races of the Middle Kingdom. Both sides know that
individuals and groups who intrude too deeply into the
other's affairs are likely to get slaughtered, and both sides
accept this. When conflicts occur, diplomats on both
sides work out terms of redress and withdrawal, so that the
champions of the Yang World need not fight too often
against those who've drawn the Second Breath and
therefore inevitably carry some taint of Yomi.

49

Now this ambiguous harmony teeters on the brink
of collapse. The expanding frontiers of the Great Leap
Outward bring Kuei-jin into conflict with creatures
that the Beast Courts regard as their cousins. Beast
Court sages say that if werewolves and other Western
changing breeds need punishing, the task should fall to
the Beast Courts. Heaven, they say, has not appointed
the Kuei-jin executioners of shapechangers for the
crime of living in territory Kuei-jin want for themselves.
Heated debate rages within the Beast Courts as to what
compensation the invaders owe the Beast Courts for
their infringement, while the Quincunx's experts in
the affairs of shapechangers in turn debate whether it
may be necessary to strike against the Beast Courts as
well to eliminate the threat.

Additional information on the Beast Courts appears
in Hengeyokai: Shapeshifters of the East, the Werewolf
Storyteller's Guideand A World of Rage, all supplements
for Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

& Srconp FRonr

With the general success of the New Promise
Mandarinate clear, the members of the Quincunx's
Extraordinary Commission on the Rectification of Borders
now debate where to strike next. Four major schools of
thought contend.

© South America: Peru has a long tradition of Asian
immigration anda well-established community of Japanese
descent. Kuei-jin of Japanese origin could therefore move
in and establish initial connections among the overseas
Japanese community with relatively little difficulty, and
go on the offensive from a secured base of power.

¢ India: In theory, India already is part of the Middle
Kingdom. In practice, it's a horrendous mess of heretical
Dharmas, Western vampires with peculiar delusions of
enlightenment, and general spiritual confusion. The Week
of Nightmares three years ago, in which bodhisattva Rising
Majestically to the Western Sun gave her life along with
others to stop a powerful awakening demon, added another
layer of mortal and shen disorder. The subcontinent is like
an oozing sore in the skin of the world, allowing improper
things to creep in. A Great Leap Southward would require
coordinated strikes against many targets all at once, because
unfortunately the disordered monsters of the areado manage
towork together in the face of common threats, particularly
in their elevated paranoia of recent years.

Russia: Whatever once isolated Russia from outside
supernatural influence is gone now, to judge from stories
of terribly powerful vampires and odder creatures roaming
free make their way into the Middle Kingdom. The people
cry out for peace and good government, and get neither.
Surely the time is right for a Great Leap Northwestward,
to rectify so much that now lies broken.

© None of the above: This remains the view of a
plurality of Commissioners. Let mortals think in terms of
months and years; Kuei-jin must consider decades and
centuries. Much, much more time should pass and the New
Promise Mandarinate undergo much more thorough scrutiny
before the Commission commits itself to any new action.



Tue Bewerits oF SPLENDOR

HE EENEFITS_
IF SPLENDOR

Harmony is. the walue of performing the rites. Such avas the
beauty of the way, of emperors past in matters great and small. Yet
there are times when this is not acceptable. Where there is hatmony
for karmony's sake, undisciplined by'the rites, it isnot acceptable .

—Confucius, The Analects

Te Crane jn Play

* Playing Resplendent Crane is both challenging and
entertaining. Your character has, so she believes; the
essential insight into the rules by which the world must.
tun ifjit is to be saved. She is not a student of abstract
principles, nor a féfigee from the complexities of life, nor
a seeker after pleasures. Her Dharma aims toward justice
on every level, from the individual to the universal. She
bears the weight of the age on her shoulders. This is the
stuff of high drama, where the legacy of failuresstretching
across halfthe world's existence glimmers with the faintest
hope for.cedemption.

The idea*of.a_vampiric existence dedicated to
mastering the rules of the world and seeing that everyone
else, hews to thein may well seem dull. There are
Resplendent Cranes, to be sure)whose existences would
be dull indeed to:play out, as they spend all their time
culling through old libraries afd producing scholarly
treatises om-minutiae of grammar and textual variation.
Fortunately, there's far more tothe sect than that.

Perrect TRUTH AND jMPERFECT VESSELS

Cranes are not boring, static lawgivers because of a
key fact, stated explicitly on p. 67 of Kindred of the East,
that bears repetition here: every member‘of the Dharma
seeks. the heavenly law'and desires it intensely, but even
the most enlightened bodhisattvas know they have not
achieved it yet, not completely. This all-consuming passion
for righteousness and justice drives Cranes out of death
back into the world; it does not deliver them into unlife
with everything they seek at once; or ever.

All Kuei-jin who recognize the Hun as the supreme
virtue agree on/thtee fundamental principles:

© The essence of justice is as simple as Yin and Yang,
as the perfect balance of Ebon Dragonand Scarlet Empress.

¢ The‘application of justice is as Complex as the Ten
Thousand Things, for there is a righteousness suitable for
every thing that exists.

The weight of sin guarantees that no individual can
now fully understand justice as the August Personage
intended it.

This tension between perfect truth to attain and the
innate Corruption of the seeker shapes the Cranes at every
step of their existence.

"Tue Crane Harcues:

‘AS with all the other Dharmas, the inclinations and"
tendencies common. @ranes are just that: d
not universal laws. Foo , generalization' that follows,
there is undoubtedly solid, appropriate characteteoncept
that does something else. Th® advice in the following'

paragraphs opéns up possibilities, rathéthan, being a set.

of rigid boufidaries intended to close them off.

Lyre, Death anp RerurN
"Your character's life continues to influence him
death» Denial. and rejection are as_valid
acceptance to that influence: Fora Crane, the key question
is: What role did justice play in your character's life?
Two extremes@re obvious: yourcharacter might have
been an instrument of justicé or an enemy of it. Judges;
police officers and the like'can easily feel theif Work isn't

done simply because*they're dead. In addition, people

who served justice in support roles and behind the scenes,
like bailiffs, file clerks and custodians, may feel driven to
act more directly than they'did in‘life. aan
Conversely, the experfence Of~Hell_ may be
enlightening for some criminals, and also for people who
wéren'tynecessarily violators of the law but'who in their
various ways worked to undermine belief in and support
for the idea of justice. A sociopath may now understand
whathe'd dismissed as delusion in life-A'philosopier who

=

5 RespLenenr Cranes

In addition to great causes, small ones may sustain
souls after déath. Wise Cranes know there is a Way for
small things as well as big ones, and Crane folklore tells of
men and womenwho in life were conscientious janitors,
nurses -or=gtocers. They served' the celestial order. by
advancing harmony where they were, and rose to€ontinue

S that work aftér death because it will never be done until
the-Cfeator is.reunited-with creation. Some of them
dérs_ and sages; others achieved

vidlity need not apply to the Hungry Dead.
"Finally, there ate many Cranes who had no particular
interest in justicelas.a concept of Causein life, but acquire

"a: passion for it in Hell: Suffering for. moral crimes they

«didn't even know they'd committed, they yearn for
"something better! The impulse here lies quite close to1one
that creates many Devil-Tigers, the difference being that
while, the would-be: Devil-Tiger ‘wants to punish:those
"responsible for his situation, the would-be Resplendent
* Crane wants to\improve the world so as to keep people
_fsom sin'in the first place.

Overthe course of the Fifth Age, moréCranés returned
‘this reason than-anysother: Sucha motive has always
mM common among the Cranes; and has ‘only grown

moreso as the world darkens and ever more unrighteous

souls*go.to. the Thousand ‘Hells. Cranes familiar with

"Western medicine Sometimes speak of their origin as part
of the world'simmiune system;and themselyes as purifying
agents created in response to thé growing evils 6n all sides.
Others say that the Way always includes its appropriate
balance, so that great darkness'mustinecessarily produce
growing light:

thought of justice as purely a rationale for power probably. The Pau AND- Startins Pojnrs

also denied the existenceof the supernatural, and finding
out how wrong she was in life could fuel thedesiré to make
right what she'd helped to subvert. A lawyer or politician

who interpreted the law as purely a tool foradvancingone==

interest over another may-now'see.more; perhaps feeling
thathis client has become all oferéation against the forces:
of destruction. . i

Specifi¢ circumstances rather than géneral principles
may/also propel people through Yomi to the Road Back.
Revolutionaries and freedom fighters are likely to associate
cosmic justice with work not yet done in human'séciety..
Crusaders for political and social change can come from
anywhere in the Middle Kingdom, including highly visible
trouble spots like Tibet and Myanmar (Bufma) and less
famous oppressed groups like the more badly treated
minority peoples in China. Traditionalists, meanwhile,
associate justice with the preservation of an order now
threatened, whether the purity of Mao Zedong Thought
in the face of Outside influence, maintaining the doctrines
of old-rite Roman Catholicism even as Rome revises its
practices, or. guarding the privileges of aristocracy‘in an
industrializing "new tiger" nation.

~Resplendent ‘Cranes hew to a far ‘more systematic
path than the-other-Dharmas offer. In-addition ‘to the
Fivefold Wayall Kuei-jin recognize, the Eight Lotus Path
provides a system-of moral and intellectual,development
that.can (and_does) keep Cranes busy all the way to
supreme enlightenment, Early commentaries on the Eight
"Lotus Path assume that practitioners begin with the First
lotus (see p. 18) atid make'theit way through each in turn
tothe last. Inpractice, each of the eight provides possible
smotives for new Cranes. Review the path and think about
whefe-yourcharacter might start, and also about which of
the other lotuses might make'a good second step, so that
your character has.drive as well as initial conviction.
The mainstream of Crane teaching ‘has'the student
freshly emerged from chih-mei status begin'with the First
lotus. Indeed, many Crane teachers say that thé First lotus
opens within the soul while it is still-bound by-chih-mei
torments, so that hope brings the soul back into awareness
of itselfand the world.(The New Dawn heresy claims that
hope is appropriate only for chih-merand the' youngest
disciples.) However, a Crane may begin her néw existence
with any of the lotuses as her ctitrent focus.


Tue Beverrs oF Seurwoor

° The First*Lotus:,The recognition of hope:
Without hope of somé'sort, of course, no Soul risés from
the graveot persists in the face of adversity: The world
as it is offers cotintless reasons for despair, to which the
only answer is thé conviction that the world may become
something other.

® The Second Lotus? Virtuous existence. This lotus
makes ‘aniéxcellent Starting point for repentant sinners,
who felt no hopein Hell butinstead returned to the world
driven by a passion for virtue. Hope will come, if itcomes}
later, after they learn to exist righteously.

¢ The Third Lotus: Reward for virtue, correction
for wickedness. Characters who walk the Road Back
prinfiarily because of the needsofothers may start here. For
instanc¢, a Crane who returned to protectinnocentsfrom
vice or fromenemies who oyérwhelmed him inlife begins

vith the impulse to nurture.

¢ The Fourth Lotus: Purging the wicked. Characters
who hated wickedness in life and'still,do' may'begin with
the drive to purge the wicked, as may those awakened to

\\the horrible realities of evil while in Hell:

JMPULSE AND DHaRMa

Sometimes Dharma is as much a matter of
circumstance as of soul. Someone who returns to
manifold injustice
could align with either the Cranes or the Tigers
fairly easily. Much depends in such cases on who

the world seething with

sisn'tas
clear-cut as the cases covered by the Rite of Taking
the Left-hand Path, in which the character mov

gets to the newly created Kuei-jin first

decisively from one Dharma to another. Rather, it
is a matter of the uncertain edges of each Dharma
and the overlap between them. Ambiguity makes
many Kuei-jin uncomfortable, and any Kuei-jin
who spends a lot of time studying the gray areas
risks censure and ostracism.

No mystery goes altogether unexamined, of
course. Thoughtful mandarins sometimes assemble
wu specifically to study the emergence of Dharma
inclination within chih-mei. Why do some passions
lead cleanly to one outcome while others allow for
drift in various directions? In an age of complicate
and confusing passions, this question strikes
contemplative mastersasasuitable topicforconcern.
Their peers, who see in it a potential assault on the
foundations of Kuei-jin society, are more inclined to
regard the whole subject as one more snare the Yama

Kings lay for incautious Kuei-jin.

~e The Fifth Lotus:"Instruction. This isthe domain
"of chatacters pleased: with somie, particularly «virtuous
eof their mortal lives, who wish to continue the

Kear vaftet/death fascinate them)and they wish to,
io

= proper state for any Shining! Ice Guardian, asit etaphasizes
~ his'temoval from humanity and passage into:the.deeper,

fo
re
ed

© The\Sixth Lotus: Law. The boundary perivcge aes. on
lotus as a starting point/and the Fifth-is thin, a mattenof
emphasis rather tharihard and fast.categories. Cranesiwhi
upheld the, law in life may begin heré;,as may those wh
were lawless or-sufféted from lawlessness~The important
distinction here is the eriphasis on order rather than virtue:
The law may well be sinful'and need reformitself, and:
insight may.comé only later to a law-driven Grane.
"© Thé Seventh Lotus:, Harmonious existence. Thi y
lotiisis the one least likely to provide initialmotivationfor
new Cranes, but it suits a-particular category of new Kuel®
jin very well. Chatacters whose mortal lives weré dominated —
by misery, who never had reason tobelieve in the power of
justice or the use of, vittue.at all, may need'to begin, by
separating themselves altogetherfrom that state. Someend
"up inducing amnesia simply to mere thoroughly leave the
past behind. They'd ratherface'allithe:diffictilties of Kuei
jin existence than deal with anything mortal in themselves,
at least until the trauma of the*past recedes somewhat.

° The Eighth ‘Lotus: Union of theworlds. In earlier' /
ages, when. the Wall was.lower,and mortal, men and
women encountered spirits moré regularly, thislotusheld
little appeal as a starting point«As the Wall thickens and. ,
people go longer without ever directly experiencing the

ity. of the spirit worlds, more Cranés/start here. Their

ih by better Understanding these\\realms denied=to_
them i in life, '

© Cy amp' Sour Vinrurs'

. Resplendent' Crane scholats argue' endlessly_about
relative importance of Yin and Yang in Crane
existence. Most sects favor balance in the Chi Virtues for
‘a. Pragmatie feason: it allows for the most reetigin of.

Cranes, and this isn exception. :
Some Crane sects teach that Yin imbalance is ste!

darker realms of being. Yin-imbalanced Guardiarts ‘can
more asily draw on'the wisdom ahd power of the deadand
need to.sperid lessChi'sifmply to maintain their existence. \
Other sects teadkythe virtues ofYang imbalance. Yang-
imbalanced.Cranés can mote easily stride among humans
as leaders and masters, as is appropriate for Heaven's
magistrates on ‘Earth. Their abundance ‘f sensual power
also lets them remain fully aware ofthe world on practical,
existential level as well as on‘am'intellectual one, thereby
avoiding thé temptations of hubris and isolation.

One of the very; very few things@ianes agree on is the
supremacy of the Hun over the P'o. The Hun isthe key to,
justice. It. grants wisdom' and power over base impulsés,
and thereby power to act on and over others. This is not
to say that all Gtanes necessarily hate or fear a powerful
P'o, even though many do. Most sects regard the P'das (at


54

best) an unfortunate defect to be beaten into submission,

but thereisalong tradition(of dissent on thistopic. Cranes
with strong Demons can make potent enforcers, wielding
the Disciplines that most thoroughly scourge thosé who
need punishment and intimidate those thinking of sinning.
The P'o has its place in. creation like everything else, and

can_offer.useful insights into thé) complex .matter. of.

governing-creation.

The typical;Crane likely has/balanced Yin and Yang—~

and Hunsomewhat hi, pie Butexceptionsabound.

Djrectjon

A solid plurality of Resplendent Granes face bret
Most of thesé agree that the north directién.is bound up
with leadérship, and' einphasize leadership-of various
sorts,Some set out to lead Kuei-jin, immersingthemselves'
in-¢Ourt politics.\ Others lead in the mortal society to
which they no longer-quite)belong, acting behind
scenes in politics, religion or business.-Still others worl

"ymore exotic realms, bringing ofder to the spirit realms.

This.last mission overlaps with the west direction.
Indeed, direction is dn imprecise matter just as Dharma isy-
and small differences in emphasis may add-up. AvCrane
who seeks to study*the"Yin. World and learn from its #
denizens is more likely to align himself with' the west,
while-a Crane who wants to impose structure on ghosts"
encounters with the living and police weaknesses itv the
Wall may face either northor west. There's also. the
alternative sométimes called "Crane west,"a-scholarly
and detached concérn with the Yang World. Since the
Way requires' all things-to occupy their proper place,

~ Someone must understand the many Yang spirits, and

Cranes are not inclined to trust Thrashing Dragons to
‘exercise the necessary propriety and discipline.

Crane consefisus describes facing the.center as a task
one undertakes fora"season," Whether.it's a literal Season
‘or a mortal lifetime. Most Crané teachers discourage too

- much introspection for Running Monkeys, since it takes
? students away from their duty to accomplish. Reflection

is more appropriate after time spent'in the great work,
: 12) gr

when the Kuei-jin» has accumulated "éxperience.and_ P'

auspicious..occasions. Then the Kuei-jin_canwithdraw
from the world fora time, to'study:-themselves, perhaps to
work with a select few students/Afteranother-auspicious
occasion (6f, in some cases, one or mor acts ofblindness);
she changes direction again and pursues the great ‘work
once mote. Some Ctanes find the center direction suitable
as an ongoing commitment, but they're. rare‘and often
mingle poorly with others of their Dharma. Many of the
Cranes who choose, as opposed to beingassigned, to study
with Kuei-jin of other Dharmas face the center.

Cranes who faée east: are often. very similar to their
north-facing colleagues. As with the distinctions between
north and west, it's a matter of emphasis. A Crane who sets
aside the burden of leadership in an effort ‘to-simply be
among mortals for a time generally undergoes the formal

ResPLenpenr Cranes

change to face east. Crane tradition calls for tolerating this
as a short-terfn course 'of action — short by the standards of
immortals, at least — and regards it as suspicious when
pursuéd.to excess; Cranes did not, so they tell each other,
return to the world'to play at life, and while it is good to
avoid exhaustion in the course of duty, the poifit of test

"should be renewed erithusiasm for their work.

Some of theGranes' most honored sages faced east for
long "periods, See ‘Some of them led.mortals, and
lors; advisérs,spies and the like for

who eh — Poet, one ofthe greatest of all
Kuei-jin chroniclers, was an east-facing Crane, whose
'800-year series of yolumes, the Contemplation of Demonic
Dances, coveted) the effects of: Kuei-jin decisions on
successive Chinese and Korean dynasties. Some members
of the Empty Throne sect (see p. 33)'teach'that the Kuei-
"jin's legacy of sin makes them unfit to wield power directly
themselves, but prepares them.to be excellent advisors.

Cranes than-north..

Few Cranés'chodse to or feel anelled to face south.
.-Cranes who: hi to ‘instigate changes, in mortal or
supernatural « communities, generally d3s0 while facing
north. They seek to:lead theit chosen s

new state..Most Cranes regard south- facing ‘Rueijin or)

too fond of fagitaticn for its own sake:-For Cranes, change
ins walue e within the context of a vision for the

Cfane charateas Ww
haye always been scarce: The Cranes do have their great
warriors and the: like,-but physically sriented Cranes 'are
"atleast. as Jikely to. be artists or sculptors, dancers or
specialist$ in physical tasks other than combat.

The majority -of Cranes, have Social or Mental
Attributes as primary, in ‘roughly equaknumbers overall.
Particular courts'tend toward oné or the other depending
on the preferences of their Ancestors:Crane tradition

al acuity and social finesse: the —

at thi ll.

On the prinéiple that everything under Heaven has
some appointed role; one ‘do not dismiss.any ability as
inherently useless. The: stereotypical Crane favors

Intimidation; Leadership anc
is necessarily out of bount ‘Cranes Among the Ten

Thousand," below, for examples
misdirection may serve thé®Dharma as well as more
obvious rectitude.

DjscjPLjnes.

Sensible Cranes' recognize that all'Disciplines have

their proper place in-Heaven's design. Not all-Disciplines
seem equally safe.or desirable, howéver. Above ‘all,:most
Cranes favor the Soul Arts as fitting instruments of

a6 1

ithe sect's adherents, east is amore proper.

ww, butin practice nothing —

trickery and,


J
,

© they teach this arti In previous Ages, it was reserved for

~\s considered heretical in many Crane seets.

Tre Benerts oF SPLENDOR

justice. Their genetal emphasis on the value of Hun as the
consummate virtue makes it easy for them'to excel avall
of the Soul' Arts,and most Cranes like the power they
offer. Significant Disciplines include thefollowing:

Bioop Sujnraj

The Way of the Resplendent Crane has an elemental
affinity forblood andwater, making this shintai a favorite.
Some Cranes feel that thé mote distorting manifestations
of this att'"such»as Permeate and Flow Like Blood =
violate the eighth tenet's admonition for dignity, but the
ancestors: have come, to, accept it! asa righteous
manifestation of Crane authority. The bloodlash is the
traditional weapon for Crane battles, and ritual lash ‘duels
feature prominently in shadow wars in the Blood Court of
Beijing'and some Japanese tji.

'Cuy'j0 Mutt (Dragon Tears)

When usedin conjunction withthe Hun, the Dragon
Tear art is a well-respected, if advanced, Crane ‘teaching.
Few young Disciples learn this art from their fitstymentors}
but itis not unknown. The gift of foresight'given by Rasa:
is useful for studying ways in which to affect the Great
Wheel arid is thus a mainstay of Crane mandarins'and
sect-leaders.'Crane worthies use Spirit-Eating to heal
wounded and corrupted souls, seeing it'as one of the most
direct: manifestatiéns of the sixth tenet's mandate' to
straighterithewicked.In fact, most Cranes call this ability"
"wicked spirit straightening." The P'o aspects of Chi'iu
Muh are. either considered dangerous weapons of last
tesort or outright heresy, depending on the'sect. Ineither
tase, ‘they are not tools for disciples.

Counvarjon

® Cultivation is significant because of how thoroughly
most ‘Cranes distrust it. The-P'o is not a partner to be
negotiated with and understood, but, a thing to be
supptessed. As such;Crané'masters are careful to whom

those who had achieved ling or otherwise proven' their
worth. It is more common now, but still taught' as_a
dangerous art properly used to subjéct the Demon rather
than efigage in dialogue with it. Discussion with the P'o
only leads'to temptation and corruption among those not
ready for it. Lesser applications of Scrutinize and Cleave
the Demon to subjugate or bind the P'o are acceptable,
but the tendency of the P'o to return stronger then\ever
inakes Cultivation in general dangerous. The*ability. to
fuse Hun and P'o with thé level 5 power Two Become One

"S.\Thé Godbody"of the Demon is the most popular of
"Demon Arts among the Shininglce Guardians for several
teasohs, Most importantly, it is thé most obvious: there's
no mistaking a P'o-addled Kuei-fin if he has spikes and a
hugeimaw? This prevents the demon from surreptitiously
usurping thé Huin's mantle.and thus keeps intact the

Huddleston Ol

‘Crane's reputation for righteous action. Some of the
demon form's attributes can also be very-useful, most
importantly to-remind the unrighteous of the hellish
torments, reserved: for them Although. terrorizinig the
wickedis more the province of Devil-Tigers, a judicious
application of the Hortor characteristic can help guide a

hierarchy of teachers and students, and unless‘she is far
away from hér temple or cut off from it for one reason or
another,a Crane generally has.access to a teacher. This
instructor is notalways a helper, however. Just as often (if
not.more*so), he is a taskmaster, critic and, examiner.
Those who belong to a tight-knit sect are likely' to have

subject-to-the-sttaight and -narrow.)Finally. —.and.few. fiContacts ot Allies as well.

Shining Ice Guardiansvare*teady:to admit this" >the
suppressed P'o of these Hun. in
freedom of stretching th

Equjljsrjum

This Chi Artis a fayorite of Crane\instructors and ©

inquisitors: Unlike either of the pranas, itdoesfiot imply:
‘a reliance 6n.the active or passive way, but achieves.a
balancebetween the two. lt isespecially. useful in cteating

the*Correct outlook-in, students by' shifting their Chi. «Y!

balance (using the level 2 power, Adjust Balance). Masters
‘of meditation also use Equilibrit adjustt their

Becca

balance in preparation for introspective aa

JNTERNALJZE

the Saasies Sens,

"Cranes know they are specially Ghose (or appointed,
or aay to leads Their calling. naturally takes them out

sof the:company of théir fellows within the Dharma, to
mingle with others. That mingling,can go smoothly or
messily indeed.
Inthe worst case, an overly confident Crane tramples
‘on-the ifiterests and concerns of his'wu-mates, refuses to
e their insights seriously and eventually gets himself
.. (ofall ofthem) destroyed. Crane teachers generally make
sure) their students seéthe remains of especially notorious

Philosophically, this is one of He most critical arts for failures of this sort in\théir vicinity. A,Crane who acts so

Resplendent Cranes. Harmony With the All. (thé lével)5.
power) is a personal manifestation of the ultimate Crané
desire for all for creation: return to the First Age. It is seen
as a holy state, and Internalize masters athong the Cranes

assume it before making key: decisions or undéreaking" —

important rites, Even the miore basic. applications ‘of
Internalize such as No Mind and the Blood Yoga speak of
the harmonious state of the Age of Heaven. Crane teachers
disagree with other Dharmas.as to the effects of this art,
however. To them, it is not a question of balance between
>Hun and P'o, but of putting the ifYsits "correct,
‘subordinate' place before the Hun.
"sreditation exercises are a. east of Crane temples,

TAlnternalize isa personal manifestation of the Reis
~ Way, then Obligation is the social one. Thr
understandingand mastery of théHum; the Crane imposes,

_ his authority on mortals and shen alike: Obligation is the,

‘wind from, the north; the holy ‘mantle. a leadership:
"reserved for the Shining I¢e'Guardiansy As such, ‘many
Crane masters of Obligation.feel® -wigertain, proprietary
concern foriit. They don't trust it itethe/hands of Kuei-jin.
who do not share the Cranes' sense of duty'and restraint,
and would prefer that it not be abused. What a typical,
Crane mandarin or ancestor thinks of as "abuse" would, of
course, seem like precisely the right use to his céunterpart
in some other Dharma.

BackGRounps

Background selection usually has more to do with the
wwand the individual characterthan Dharma, but a few
backgrounds are common among Resplendent Cranes.
The most important \is Mentor. Cranes :believe in a

"Wight have done, goes

internalize-backéd .

hy thei

foolishly betrays Heayen and-Earth: whatever good'he
done. In earlier Ages the world
could survive the occasional spectacular display of idiocy,
but‘now there's nojroom for it.

Crane' ‘mandarins and ancéstérs of large courts Fe,
tosendnew Cran outamong the Ten Th
on specific assign before, embarking, on.the'long-
term.commitment 0 dsMissions lasting a, few
days, or even a few years, the Crane disciple time.to
learn through personal experience justhow otherDharmas
affect thé outlook‘and behavior of othérs who've walked
the Road Back. Elders:intervene to mediate dispiites and,
"swhett necesséty,-remove a particular Crane-who proves
unsuitable.for'the. assignment in question, Cranes who:
returned before- World: War Thin any eity of more tharra

million people' likely had this sort of apprenticeship after

ireducation-within the Dharma concluded.

The presswof. circumstances, makes. this kind of

e..... opportunity very rarenow: It sometimes happens where a
Crane ancestor has enough authority over the court to
ifsist,that the eldets 6f other Dhatmas allow it, but even
Cranes who éan do this often choose not to. The currency
fguanximust pay for agreatmiany expenses, andgenerally
can't be-used*on_luxutis like extended training. Now
almost all new Cranes 1 e
and the elders assign to, them.

Tue Leaper's Posjtjon . -
Power over others comes in many. forniss The. visible
authority to give ofders that others must follow is only the
simplest style. It's useful just as a hamimer and club are
useful, but like themmit's just the beginning:
Keep in'mind that death and return don't instantly
transform a person of the late 20ch century into a ¢arbon


Tite Benerits oF SPLENDOR

copy of nearby old-timers., Modern people think about
power and authority in a great many ways, but they're
unlikely to suddenly start acting like emperors out of dimly
remembered half-mythical eras. "Absolute power" carries
images of Mao, Stalin and Pol Pot at the height of their
success; an ambitious Kuei-jin might think ‘of Qin
Shihuangdi or the Mongol Khans as inspirations as well,
but only in vague and allegorical terms. They have little to
do with the practicalities of modern social manipulation.

Likewise, a new Crane who thinks of stalwart and
persistent leaders is more likely to come up with one of the
Tiananmen Square dissidents, or the zaibatsu magnates
who preserved the dream of Japanese empire through all
the years of American occupation, ora Triad "big brother"
who remains rich and free despite changes in political
regime and social climate. The noble exemplars of folklore
don't matter any more than Robin Hood or William Tell
would to a Westerner groping for ideas about how to cope
with a crisis. Sometimes tradition plays a powerful role, but
mostly only in. relaxed times of contemplation, planning
and daydreaming.

This gap in symbols does not escape the attention of
elder Cranes, at least those who bother paying attention to
the changing times. Elders vary in theirresponses. Traditions
demand that youngsters learn and use the elder's preferred
symbols, no matter how great the gap between then and.
now. Radicals, whether,acting out of hope for the future or
despair at the past, allow their students to use whatever
masks may suit the underlying concepts, and some éven
embrace the new examples themsélyes: (This almost always
looks foolish, and becomésan act of blindness:)In between,
various combinations of tradition and modernity tend ‘to
leave everyone involved feeling somewhat dissatisfied. "

What makes matters difficult fora wu composed entirely"

of Cranes of varying ages, though, is itselfa key tosuccessful
Crane influence over new*Kuei-jin of other Dharmas.
Astute elders let their disciplines mingle with Kuei-jin of
roughly the same age, speaking the eternal truths of
Resplendent Crane doctrine in contemporary terms.
Compared to her mentors, a Crane who'returned a few
decades ago and is making reasonable progress in her.
Dharma seems hopelessly distant from the ancient
wellsprings. But compared to her peers outside the Dharma,
she seems thoroughly anchored in traditional wisdom
without having lost the flexibility of wit to apply old truths
toa contemporary situation. She can lead others as she has
been led... making sure, of course, that they stay.afew steps
behind, a8is only proper.

Unseen Autnorty

In general, Cranes prefer those around them to
understand that the Crane is leading, and rightly so.
Whether by intimidation, coercion, persuasion or other
means, most Cranesawant their authority to be visible to
others. In these wicked times, say many Cranes, Kuei-jin
must see the example of wise virtue and know where to
look for guidance.

7

A venerable counter-argiment, almost as-popular,
states that only the pure of soul can-directly face their
tulers and survive. Kuei-jin do not see the departed
August Personage or even his Ministers, except in visions,
until they reach the highest pinnacles of Dharmic
progression. Peasants do not face the emperor, nor do
worker ants consult the queen of the hive at their whim.
The way of All Under Heaven is for every subject to deal
mostly with immediate superiors, and for some heights of
authority to. remain beyond the masses. Thus it is not the
Crane's place to act as emperor or boss, but to set the tone
for leadership and advise the authorities — preparing the
soil from which others may harvest virtue.

The ultimate goal of all Crane activity is, at least in
theory, arentirely righteous universe. Cranes acquire and
use power to promote the restoration of cosmic order. If
others refuse to submit to avisibleruler, then other means
become appropriate. Crane scholars can and do debate
particulars, but in»the end most would agree that it is
better for others to act righteously than not, even if it
takes deception or trickery to get them todo so. Let
Cranes shoulder the burden of accountability for lies
before Heaven; let others simply do right, whatever they
may think they're doing.

The Empty Throne sect (see page33) offers the most
thoroughgoing tationale' for covert leadership within
something close toCrane consensus about essential virtues.
Other groups offer other justifications. In practice, their
various paths all lead to the same general practices,
focusing on deception and subterfuge rather than direct
command or intimidation.

Successful leadership-by-deceit requires a thorough
understanding of one's unwitting subjects. Some shadow-
walking Cranes spend years or lifetimes passing themselves
off as believers in some other Dharma, or even pretending
to be mortal or some sort of shen they aren't. Such Cranes
can also' maintain, their. Dharmic affiliation openly but
decline positions of oyer-great authority. They content
themselves ‘with advising and assisting those who lead
whatever group intefests them... and gradually insinuate
their own emphases..and desires;s6 that the visible
authorities end up,carrying out the Cranés' wishes.

Waar Ai Tajs Means: Practjcayres

Toanchortheaboye generalizations, considera typical
wuina large city. The wu has no overall mandate beyond
providing mutual sanctuary and support for young disciples
as they study their respective Dharmas. Its members come
from several Dharnjas, and may or may not be balanced
when it comes to direction and soul states. In short,
there's nothing flashy or special about it, at least not yet.

A Crane with prominent social graces is likely to'end
up as an unofficial leader of the wu by virtue of being best
suited for negotiations with elders in the city's court. The
member who ‘hears the most interesting news and can
arrange for promising tasks to be assigned to the wu exerts
a great deal of influence on how the wu develops. Likewise,

whoever in the Dharma best performs the rites has
tremendous impact on the.wu's night-to-night fortunes
andits ability totake advantage of promising opportunities,
particularly those that require dealing with the spirit worlds:

The wu's best fighter shapes the wu's fortunes in
moments of conflict. If,the others need training, their
instructor has the opportunity to inculcate: philosophy.
along withypractical skills:."and many important truths do
not need to come identified as tenets of the Dharma. Just as
mortal martial arts seciilarize and modernize Confucian,
Taoist and other teachings, so Kuei-jin combat instruction
emphasizes the old truths of the lotuses and virtues.

The wumemberwho deals most skillfully with mortals
shapes*the ww's place in the surrounding:society.. The
same applies to whoever deals best with the worlds across
the Walla

Apart from particular expertise, wumembers influence
their companions: in the give-and-take of concerns,
questions and solutions: Cranes haye' the advantage, as
they see it, of more fully encompassing doctrines than the
other Dharmas, leaving them fewer opportunities to feel
adrift without benefit of others' insights. A Crane well-
versed in the lotuses and the virtues need never feel that

she has to make itvall-up as.she goes. This confidence:

provides the foundation for persistence while others are
confused, letting her speak clearly and be the one to settle
disputes. She needn't give orders to lead; she merely needs
to be the one who has a plan'when others cast around for
something to do:

Fiocxs Rjsijng To HEaven: Sccrs

Every Crane searches for the key to heavenly harmony
and earthly order. Some feel sure they've found it and seek
to teach their insights to others, while others ‘look fora
master to explain it to them. When.would-be teacher and
would-be student meet, anew community is born. Tradition
applies'the label "cult" to communities centered on the
personality of one or a few individual Cranes, and "sect" to
communities that share a commitment to particular
doctrines with ot without charismaticleaders. In practice,
of course, the boundary blurs between the two.

Most Cranes mark their time by their movement to,
inand through successive factions. Factionalism provides
Cranes with mentors and students, peers.and rivals. It
grants an identity that supplementswwaffiliation when it
comes to havens and missions. In the case ofall-Cranewu,
the two types of bond may' be identical; more often, a
Crane's faction offers shelter in those moments when she
is apart from the wu (since few wurspend all their time
together, night after night through the ages). The faction
to which a Crane gives allegiance at any given time
therefore says a great deal about her, and is likely to play
an important part in future challenges and opportunities.

A simple list of all-the,Crane factions active at the
beginning of the:21st century could'run on. for many
chapters. Instead of being,'so "exhaustive, this section

Respurnpenr Cranes

provides some guidelines forplayers and Storytellers create
their own factions to suit their particular chronicles.
These guidelines don't cover the largest and most
prominent sects, written up in the previous chapter (pp.
33-36) and in other volumes. Instead, these. factions
supplement and complement those larger groups. Youcan
easily choose to have your character swear allegiance to
an-established sect, but few Cranes can escape dealing
with other sects altogether. Use this section either to help
you create a faction for your character or to understand
the underpinnings of sect movements with which your
character may have to deal.

Alternatively, acharacter maygosectless. This means
the character has learned from a teacherunaffiliated with
aspécific philosophical movement within the Dharma, or
else he adheres strictly to the-orthodox teachings
predominant in the Blood Court. Even in these cases,
factionalism. rears its head. In the former case, many
observers would argue that your characterand her teacher
forma small cult orsect; in the latter, the orthodoxy often
acts as the most well-established sect.

Sect anp THE Ejgur Lous Part

Every sect has a view, or a few related views, on

a ihc Be

ee et EightsLotus Pathy
"sure to establish the
red sequence « of lotuses. It provides a
what's € sd of leaders and long-
ts, aswellas a for player-character

Step One: Leaper anp Duarnjc jNsiGHT

Every faction begins with one or'more Resplendent
Cranes who feel they have something distinctive to offer
their Dharmicfellow-travelers. This insight may be purely.
personal, such as whena leader doesn't trust or respect the
local Crane authorities or wishes to bring.the blessings of
Crane lore to'an area where currently nobody expounds
the Dharma's truths. Or the leader (or leaders) may have
some new insight into a point of doctrine — a fresh
approach to one of the eight tenets, a synthesis of Crane
doctrine with something taken from another Dharma, or
a mortal insight to add to or sever from Crane tradition.

Most Crane sages say that personally driven factions
are less-likely to_fall into heresy or other error than
doctrinally driven ones. Most Crane students believe that
as well, but that-piece of common wisdom is not as
conveniently true as the sages would like. Issues of
personality and belief don't divide up neatly in practice,
and most factions draw on both motives. One or the other:
usually takes precedencé for faction members and those
around them, however.

"Factionalism. isthe sport of maturity," an-old saying
has it, and sect or cult creation is thus the prerogative of
Cranes with experience and proven Dharmic progress. The

i

Dharma at large does not‘accept claims of authority from
Cranes who haven't achieved ling! (jina status), as they
simply haven't had the opportunity to learn whatthey must
to blaze a new path, let alone to demonstrate their léarning
to others. In general, Cranes are likely to seek-followers
after they've been around atleast 50 years but before they
reach 500 or so. Older Cranes, having seen more of the
world come and go, tend to focus on larger matters — the
Dharmaat large and Kuei-jin society as.a whole — or on
personal enlightenment and attachments.' Rising
Majestically to the Western Sun, the bodhisattva who fell
in battle against Ravana (see p. 83), illustrated both
tendencies, havingwithdrawn to meditate while remaining
aware of developments throughout the Middle Kingdom.

Players don't usually portray sect leaders, as that post
requires extensive experience. In chronicles with a great
deal of downtime or with especially advanced characters,
however;founding a Dharmic movement becomes a viable
option: Followers should come almost entirely from the
tanks of those returned more recently than your character,
who look up to him ast least a bit more experienced. On
the other hand, particularly ifhe is especially charismatic,
your Crane can also have a few followers with greater
experience, who find.in the voice'of relative youth some
important truth and some fresh inspiration in the vigorous
actions of,;one not yet weighed down: by accumulated
defeat. This opportunity is not licénsé.to indulge in

HUDDIESTON ‘O!

A

collecting powerful pawns without paying appropriate
costs in backgrounds, and you should work with the
Storyteller. Any game with especially powerful starting
characters needs to be‘carefully monitored, lest it become
an exercise in over-powered folly. Ifyourcharacter becomes
a jina in play and founds a sect, as a player, you need to
invest the time and effort to gather followers and tend to
their needs.

In most chronicles, you start out portraying a young
Kuei-jin disciple who gives her allegiance to one or more
experienced Cranes portrayed by the Storytéller. As before,
youshould work with the Storyteller. Feelfreé to work out
the leader's history and personality, with suggestions for
what role the faction has played-in events so far, but
remain open to counter-suggestions from the Storyteller.
In addition, be prepared for the Storyteller to work out
some surprises. There are always secrets.to uncover and
consequences to deal with. The more fully you develop
the faction leader' as a character with motives and
complexities of his own, the more hooks the Storyteller
has to make things interesting in ways that are fun for
everyone involved. Allow room for mutual inspiration.

Step Two: Fotowers

Thoughts:about this step often emerge at the same
time as thoughts about the leader. Often, you'll have an
idea foran interesting faction and work backward tothink

what sort of Crane must lead it. In other cases, a strong
leader personality or doctrinal issue suggests the sorts of
Granes who gather around to lend their support.

Extremes of follower personality become more common'
the more removed the faction leaders from the mainstream
of Crane convention. Brilliant crusaders and radical heretics
don't offer much appeal to vacillating, uncommitted;
hesitant souls. They speakto would-be daring visionaries,
ambitious young Cranes looking:to make their mark ‘and
the like, and also tothe defeated, drifting souls who
desperately desire some anchor to cling to while they fight
off the temptations of self-destruction. Self-styled heroes
and victims flourish.among marginal factions. The more
personal and/less doctrinal a faction leader is, the more
appealing,the' faction seems to Cranes who lack either
revolutionary zeal or a grinding sense of misery.

Ifyour character is the faction leader, pay attention to
background costs for followers» Your Storytellercan grant
you bonus points to spend to support particularly nifty or
suitable faction concepts, but she doesn't have to. In the
more likely case that you are portraying a member of the
sect, backgrounds remain important. Mentor will tie you
to the leader (ora leader, at least), while Allies, Contacts
and Resources help determine just how much of the sect
and its resources youcan draw upon. Asalways, cooperation
generally gets you further than confrontational approaches.
If another player is also portraying a sect member, the
Storyteller may allow you to'pool:your backgrounds:

In general, the other Dharmas' followets take no deep
interest in the minutiae of Crane affairs. Even scholars of
the Dharma ate unlikely to feel the personal drive to join
a faction. The rare exceptions almost always go through
the ritual changing of Dharma in ‘due season, as they
realize just how deeply they do in fact-identify with the
Cranes. Conversely, the factions whose members=find
themselves more and miore alienated from the rest' of
Crane society gradually lose leaders and followers to other
Dharmas — usually one by one, but mass conversions.do
happen a few times each century, always' with
accompanying scandal. Such losses of leaders or groups of
followers create' opportunities for dedicated disciples to
tise through the ranks. 7

Step Three: Resources

Some sects gather no assets apart from their members.
Followers come together to meet, meditate or otherwise
act in accordance with their shared purpose, and when
they're done, they return to their individual and wi
pursuits. Atthe other extreme, some cults require members
to sacrifice all their worldly attachments for the sake of
the cause, and the leader administers all the wealth and
resources her followers once owned. In between are most
sects, with some shared assets.

In most cases, members donate some of their personal
resources to the group at the outset. Ideally, the Storyteller

should figure out which specific contacts, spheres of ©

influence and resources the sect (or sect leader) has access

Respurnpenr Cranes

to. Asa ballpark figure, he can give the cult itselfone dot's
worth of Contacts, Influence and Resources for each
member who has three dots or more in the relevant
background, up to.a maximum of four dots. To attain five
dots, the cult must have at least 10 members with three or
more dots in the relevant background. The cult leader can
make desperate appeals to individual members for extra
resources, which:should be roleplayed or governed with a
Manipulation + Leadership roll depending on whether or
not the players'characters are involved. The difficulty of
the roll depends on the severity of the demand.

Over time, most sects accumulate various sorts of
material goods: meeting. places,#libraries of important
volumes, equipment that has proven. useful in the sect's
mission and the like. Sects of one to ten members add a
dot's worth of a background chosen by the leader each
decade. Each tenfold increase in the number of adherents
doubles the dots gained each decade. The Storyteller can
modify this rule of thumb, however. If the sect members
simply don't care about worldly possessions or don't hold
beliefs that promote'or require sharing of possessions, the
rate of increase may fall to a dot every fifty years or even
less. Ifthe sect teaches the importance ofa purely nomadic
existence, for instance, the sect may never acquire anything
much. Sects that emphasize the importance of giving up
individual possessions or are engaged in tasks requiring
many material things — financial enterprises, or working
as mercenaries, for instance — may accumulate two or
more dots each decade,

The leader basically has as much authority over sect
belongings as he can get away with. Ifthe sect givesspecial
reverence to its aged members, they may act as custodians
and guardians of the wealth even though'the leader gives
the orders for night-to-night activity, and he may not be
able to compel'them to give up things for his use. Sects
thathayemultiple leaders eitherend up dividing authority
onsome relatively straightforward basis like geography —
the provincial commander gets to decide how to use the
sect's assets in that province — or face ongoing squabbles
about it. Unclear division of authority on this matter is
one of the most common reasons for a sect to break up into

~=schismatie chaos.

Sects don't always get richer and richer, of course.
Each decade; thé Storyteller can make an opposed roll of
the leader's Hun versus P'o, difficulty 6. If the P'o wins,
subtract one dot of the usual resource gain for each
additional success by which the P'o roll beat the Hun roll.
If this total uses up all that decade's gain, start subtracting
dots of existing belongings. The Storyteller decides where
the losses come from; the player (if portraying the leader)
can and should consult on the decision, but since by
definition it represents afailure of the leader's control, it
is not a matter under the player's jurisdiction. In addition,
the Storyteller may adjust the background ratings~to
reflect difficulties in play, from earthquakes and other
natural disastets to warfare, calculated assaults and other
offensive action directed against, the sect.


Step Four: Tht Factjon anp OTHers

The last question is how the sect relates to the world,
both within Crane society and beyond it. Most sects exist
to promotevan idea and welcome those who profess it, but
a great many other possibilities exist.

Among those who accept petitions for membership,
standards of acceptance vary widely. Strict sects require
long probationary periods and rigorous proof that the
would-be member does in fact share the idea and meets
the sect's views of good conduct. Mystically oriented sects
look for evidence of suitable visions, or the endorsement
of ancestral and other spirits. Enthusiastic proselytizers
may welcome anyone who can nod in a reasonably
approving manner, or who doesn't run away fast énough
to escape the use of Soul Disciplines to instill loyalty.

This last practice, forcible conversion, i§ very rare,
and is grounds fora purge of the sect by Dharmic authorities.
Some Crane ancestors sponsor individual inquisitors and
even entire wu (entirely composed of Cranes or mixed
with suitably inclined Kuei-jin of other» Dharmas)
dedicated to investigating such abuses of power. Others
rely on the insight and astuteness of their fellow Cranes
without formal organization. Courts with dedicated
inquisitors regard the others.as anarchic and dangerously
undisciplined, while less organized courts tend in turn'to
see such formality astyrannical. Nothing in Crane doctrine
prohibits or even particularly discourages tyranny — but
it must always be tempered by self-examination, in which
few tyrants choose to engage.

Some sects operate insectecy. They make their name
known but do not advertise their membership; depending
onthe degree to which they diverge from Crane orthodoxy,
they may make strenuous efforts to keep their membership
a'mystery. In the highly literate society of the Ten
Thousand Demons, whole ‘moral, philosophical and
intellectual movements can flourish and even play a
significant role in the evolution of the society, with no
public manifestation but a series of letters, memorials and
other written documents. Some of the most honored
scholars of the Crane Dharma are known only through
their writings, and in a few cases scholars debate endlessly
over whether one set of hands or several inscribed those
documents. Secrecy protects critics from the wrath of
their subjects, just as it protects the identities of Cranes
engaged in infiltration or working under false identities
for other reasons.

Secret sects recruit in just as wide a range of ways as
public ones. Some don't recruit, and do not survive the
passing of their last founders. Others identify prospective
members and approach quietly. Still others listen for reports
of individuals who want to find them, and wait for word of
searches begun by those who agree with the sect's message.

All sects that value secrecy*are demanding of new
recruits, in one way or another. Especially if they are
clearly heretics from Crane orthodoxy;,sect members see
themselves as an enlightened few in:a mass of fools. To

6

accept another.into their number is no small thing and
the candidate must prove her worth. Some sects present
harrowing ordeals to test prospective: members, while
others seemingly embrace them with open arms but then
watch them around the clock. New initiates have no time
alone, no time ‘to reflect or to have second thoughts. —
Those who reject a secret cult after entering itarein grave
danger because they pose a threat to the herésy's survival,

Onceiin their new sect, members may or may not have
many dealings with the outside world. If the sect's central
tenets include the wickedness and irredeemable corruption
of the world, of course, members probably don't want to
mingle with others, save perhaps to "rectify" them. Other
sectsreserve the privilege of speaking with outsiders to the
leader, who may or may not give her approval to'sect
members who prove themselves. worthy. Finally, some
sects, particularly those ‘grouped: around ‘shared ideas
rather than: charismatic personalities, maintain no
particular barriers to communication.

Cranes jn Time

Crane tradition: describes its adherents' increasing
purity and wisdom.in terms of the Eight Lotus Path. The
path. is a set of behavidtsto follow and a set of steps to go
through one at atime. In order to adhere properly to the
first tenet of their Dharmas, Cranes must recognize the
importance of all the lotusés and vigorously pursue
whichever lotus they are currently striving to"complete."
Thus a jina who strives to complete the Fourth Lotus (the
purgation of the wicked) spends much time hunting the
corrupt. But that does not mean she is free to abandon the
principles of instruction, law, hope and virtue taught by
other lotuses. "Takeone step at a time," say Crane
teachers, "but follow the path as a whole." In play, youcan
thus use the path as a framework for your character's
development over time, along with other benchmarks.

As noted, above, most Crane sects and individual
instructors teach a preferred route through the lotuses. In
Most cases, students moye on from one lotus to the next
following an auspicious occasion or other inspiring event.
Whether or not the'character's Dharma rises does not
necessarily affect her readiness to move onto the next
lotus ‘on her personal path. Indeed, Crane bodhisattvas
say that they have walked the Eight Lotus Path many
times, in many different ways, throughout their existences.
Each pass allows the student to peel back one petal of the
lotus, they say. In some cases, even acts of blindness may
justify taking another step on the path: failure can be a
lesson, too.

Lotus Quests

Players and Storytellers, through the agency of their
characters or through frank discussion, can set up time
frames for the, lotus a Crane is studying. Most often, a
Crane remains focused on a lotus until he achieves or
demonstrates some new insight into it. This may be a

. 3 RespLenpenr Cranes

simple matter that takes but a few nights, or a lengthy
quest that may take years. The higher the student's
Dharma, the more ambitious the task.
There are an infinite number of quests to be
undertaken, and masters try their best to adjust them to
4 the student at hand. The Storyteller should do the same
<7] when assigning your character a quest and so should you
when- your Crane becomes a teacher. As an aid to you
both; described below are a series of possible quests for
each lotus. The first task is quite simple and suitable for a
young disciple or as a simple refresher. The last task is the
stuff of legend.
© The First Lotus (Hope): Make a wretched child
smile, find hope in a damned place like the Yin world,
bring hope to. adowntrodden people with asingle act, free
the Damned from Yomi Wan.
© The Second Lotus (Virtue): Finda virtuous mortal,
lead a powerful man to virtue, find virtue in a barbarian
nation, reform a wicked society.
¢ The Third Lotus (Nurturing): Grow a garden on
barren soil, raise a child to adulthood in perfect virtue,
Giiide'a mortal dynasty to righteousness, heal a corrupted
dragon nest.

¢ The Fourth Lotus (Purgation): Cleanse polluted
BS patch of land, destroy a wicked human without revealing
(tT yourself, root out the wicked elements ina corrupt nation,
ae destroya Yama King.

© The Fifth Lotus (Instruction): Teach a single
pupil a new skill, found a school, guide another to ling,
found a major sect or philosophical movement.

© The Sixth Lotus (Law): Write a treatise on an
aspect of mortal law, write a treatise on an aspect universal
law, design a perfect mortal society, impose law on a
nation of barbarians.

° The Seventh Lotus (Harmony): Compose a
harmonious melody, design a temple in harmony with the
surrounding Chi, maintain petfect Chi balance for a year,
restore a dynasty from chaos to order.

¢ The Eighth Lotus (Transcendence): Journey into
the Mirror Lands and spirit courts, spend a year in
meditation, undergo the Little Death, achieve dah.

Missters

Cranes hold to strict philosophies, but they are also
aware of the realities of present existence. (Or rather,
Cranes who too vigorously deny individual variation end
up succumbing to acts of blindness.) No matter how
firmly an individual intends to follow the path as laid
down by his sect, circumstances may. force another
sequence upon him. In most sects, examiners — students
of the Third and Fifth lotuses, whether formally appointed
or acting informally — survey the actions of their sect
brethren to see what others' existences seem most
concerned with at the moment.

Possible responses vary wildly, heavily influenced by
the sect's preferences and the individual's temperament,

The Benerits oF SPLENDOR

When the weight of recent thoughts and actions does not
match well with the lotus the individualis supposedly
mastering at this time, common responses include:

Justify the Actions. This is the most common
response. The réalm of ideas is vast and can encompass
many twisty rationales. There's usuallysome way to account
for one's behavior as suiting the lotus one is studying, one
way oranother. At the Storyteller's discretion, particularly
elegant justifications may constitute auspicious occasions,
while overly blatant efforts at self-deceit can be acts of
blindness.

¢ Change the Actions. Whatever keepsthe individual
from proper attention to the given lotus should yield. If
the character must give up'a personal goal for the sake of
the lotus, so be it. (The P'o'can of course use this conflict
in crafting effective temptations.) The changes required
may be small or great, and inany case the character knows
he's making a personal sacrifice for the sake of the larger
truth. Every orthodox sett respects this sacrifice, though
heretics claimthat the opposite choice is the one through
which underlying truth reveals itself. (At least that's the
generalization. In practice, most sects combine a variety
of attitudes, not always logically. compatible ones.
Perfection in reasoning is part of that celestial
consummation not yet achieved.)

© Change the Lotus. No Crane undertakes this
response»lightly. It means admitting an error in past
decision-making: if he were in the right place along the
path, he wouldn't have to move. In most sects the Crane
must take one or more steps back, to review the earlier
lotuses and discover what he missed to bringhimself tohis
current predicament. Generally this means studying and
practicing the other lotuses fora while longer. Such a
change also costs the Crane status — respect for the
character's, integrity in ‘admitting error only partially
offsets having made the error in the first place. A slightly
mitigated version of this options the recognitionthatthe
lotus is complete andit is time to take the next step on the
path. The Crane admits to the error of obsessing.on a
single aspect of his education, but is \still seen as ar
accomplished student.

Most Cranes find one lotus or another especially
problematic. Some'také a great deal of time to complete
tasks when working'on that lotus, while others breeze
through the first task but cannot bring themselves to
move on. They become so focused on that lotus tharthey
wish to peel back all its petals in a single pass. Ftom such
obsessions are heresies born.

The Arsenal oF justice

Resplendent Granes, like all other Dharmas, have
their fair share of special applications of rites and
disciplines. The following are the-most well-known.

‘63
New Merjts anp F Fiaws
pureuiecrua: P'o (2 pr. MERT)

Whatever your P'o's Archetype, it shares the
stereotypical Crane fascination for learning and tradition.
You receive a -1 difficulty. bonus on efforts to resist wave

soul when it would force you to flee the presence of great —

scholars or scholarly archives, but suffer a +1 difficulty

penalty on efforts to resist fire soul when confronted by _

threats to these scholarly treasures. Whatever your P'o
does while in shadow soul, it will not voluntarily endanger
the Crane heritage of scholarship. It may, however, use
that heritage against the Hun, drawing attention to points
of dogma that highlight possible acts of blindness.

Dypacijc Po (2 pr. Fiaw)

Your P'o fancies itself a great teacher. Whenever
you're in shadow soul, it takes the opportunity to deliver
long lectures about' its motives, analysis of the situation
and soon, generally drawing on extremely garbled versions
of Crane theology. Whenever you barely escape shadow,
wave or fire soul (with'a roll that generates' just one
success), make a Willpower roll against a difficulty of 9
minus the local Wall rating. If this roll fails; your P'o
achieves a limited degree of control, enough to force you
to expound briefly on all the aspects of Crane doctrine
that your associates should consider in the midst of a
stressful situation.

New Djscjpiyne TecHnjque

Tae Fire Weyer fuumjnates (Guost Fiame
Sunray 3, Curnvarjon 3)

This technique uses the external threat of fireto stir
the souls of nearby Kuei-jin, forcing. them to confront
their own Dharmic failings. The Fire Which Illuminates
was originally a tool for instruction, letting students:
confront their weaknesses without fear of self-deception.
Teachers summon a sheet of reflective flame in the calm,
controlled circumstances of a well-prepared study, and
students gaze within it to gain insight. The teacher stands
teady"torassist in.dealing with the sometimes painful
revelations of the flames: Crane inquisitors have discovered
that the technique is useful as a tool for questioning or
tormenting subjects. The inquisitor confronts the subject
with his own failings, eroding his will.

System: The Crane conjures up a curving sheet of
flame that takes on a smooth, mirror-like sheen. Any
Kuei-jin who looks inside is not subject to fire soul, but
instead feels compelled to keep gazing in, for a number of
turns equal to the creator's Dharmarating. Ifthe Cathayan
wishes to resist, the player must make a Willpower roll,
difficulty 7. The player cannot spend Willpower to gain
an automatic success onrthis roll. For every turn that the


64

Cathayan gazes into the flames, she sees reflected there
circumstances and images associated with one of her acts
of blindness, beginning with the most recent. The subject's
player must make a Hun roll each turn, difficulty 7, or the
Cathayan loudly admits the act she sees reflected. Even
players of Cathayans who welcome the use of the technique
make these Hun rolls, as success implies that the vampire.
has fully accepted her act of blindness.

As part of instruction (in which case the subject does
not resist the! urge to gaze into the flames), use of the
technique grants the subject's player a-I difficulty bonus
on his next auspicious occasion. If used for torment (in
which case the subject resists the urge to gaze), the victim
gains no such advantage and also loses a temporary point
of Willpowerevery timeshe must exclaim her failings.

The Fire Which Illumiriates costs 16 experience
points to learn.

New Rtes

As the instructors and traditionalists of the Kuéi-jin
world, Resplendent Cranes fill their unlives with ritual.
Some the of following Dharmic rites are debased Fifth.
Age equivalents of stronger Fourth Age rites presented in
Blood and Silk, pp:'98-100. Elder Cranes take note of the
increasing difficulty in exercising power and' precision
through rites, and cite itas further evidence of the world's
growing wickedness.

At the Storyteller's discretion;-one or more of the
following complications may also apply. Thesé particularly
apply to the rites of past ages. They may also affect rites
"native" to the Fifth Age in places where the rising Sixth
Age is particularly strong: the most wicked cities, the most
blighted parts of the countryside, the great strongholds of
the enemies of Kuei-jin, and so on. These side effects are
especially appropriate when arite is marginally successful
(only one success on the playét's:required roll).

¢ Thickening Wall: Whether aparticularritesucceeds
or not, the local Wall thickens by one point per levelof
tite, for one or more scenes. This most often affects rites
that deal with the spirit world and is'said to indicate the
displeasure of the kings of the spirit worlds at being
disturbed in this darkening time.

¢ Thinning Wall: Whetherornot the rite succeeds,
the local Wall thins by one point pér level of rite, for one
or more scénes. This most often affects warding and social
rites, making it easier for hostile spirits to interfere in the
aftermath of the rite. It is said to indicate the fragility of
once-teliable protections.

Delayed Effect: Even though everything goes well,
the rite just doesn't take effect, for up to one scene per
level of rite after its completion. Eddies in the flow of Chi
keep forces churnéd and undischarged in the meantime.

Strengthened. P'o: The difficulty of rolls to resist
shadow soul for the players of participants and bystanders
rises by one per level of the rite, for one or more scenes.

Respuenpenr Cranes

¢ Dark Visions: Reflective surfaces throughout the
area display views of the area as it will be under the Demon
Emperor, or at least-as it might be. Experienced Kuei-jin
know that acting to forestall such visions often only ends
up making them come to pass:

¢ Déja Vu: Aspects of the surrounding environment
in any way reminiscent of the characters' mortal lives
seemsttongly similar, forup to one scene per level of the
rite. Depending on the circumstances, the difficulty of
shadow, wave ot fire soul checks may increase as sinister
forces play on characters' memories, hopes and fears.

Tue Mark. or jupgMEent
(Lever Two or Three Rjte)

This rite is one of the crucial tools of the Resplendent
Crane who wishes to punish the wicked. The Crane
prepares an infusion of his own blood (one point of Yang
Chi's worth). and finely powdered gold. This provides a

~ Special ink with which the Crane can mark the forehead

ofa Kuei-jin or other subject — Kuei-jin only in the Level
Two version, any target with the Level Three version.
The mark gives the target a certain reek of malignancy,
identifying him as a sinner in ways that others besides the
Crane passing judgment can instinctually discern. This
stink invites suitable reprisals.

System: The Crane spends ten minutes performing
this rite over the infusion of blood and gold. The resulting
ink remainspotent until the next sunrise. He can apply it
to sleeping targets, or use Yin Prana to mark waking
targets without their knowledge»Once marked, the target
exudes.a faint but distinct aura of malevolence, and his
player'thus suffers a +1 penalty to the difficulty of social
tasks until the mark washes off. This happens naturally in
three full days, orearlier if the target applies fresh water to
his forehead. Strong rain and perspiration can also make
the markwear off. The mark doesnot provide any particular
details about the target's alleged sins, only a general sense
that something's wrong.

The Vojce Wijctt Compeis TRutH
(Lever Three Ryre)

This rite is one of the classical tools of the Crane
magistrate, developed to assist the process of judicial
inquiry. The subject of the rite must be seated for its
duration, whether voluntarily. or restrained in some way.
Crane-ancestors often have elaborate chairs and clamps
made specifically for interrogation with this rite, but
anything will serve, even a folding chair and a few strong
ropes. Once the subject takes hisseat, the Crane performing
the rite alternates recitation of passages from the classics
on the subject of truth and the benefits of confession with
ceremonial gestures intended to channel the flow of Chi
in the area.

Gradually the subject feels cut off, almost literally;
from every impulse and ability to-lié. In some cases,

‘The Benerjrs oF SpLeNpor ee

depending on the rite's performer, a dark cloud of extracted
dishonest soul-shards may surround the subject, ora dark
mass of reeking liquid Chi may drain into a puddle around
the chair. In other cases the compulsion is purely mental
and spiritual. Once the rite is complete, interrogation
begins. The subject cannot lie until he rises from the chair
or the compulsion wears Off, as described below.

System: The Crane spends at least one hour
performing the-rite, and the effects last one hour plus an
amount of time equal to the duration of the performance.
(That is, if the Crane spends one hour at the rite, the
effects continue two hours after that, and so on.) The
effect instantly dissipates if the subject rises from the chair
(either during or after the rite's performance) or is subject
to Obligation or any other supernatural ‘means of
compelling him to speak.

The subject's inability to lie does not automatically
translate into a compulsion to speak the truth. He may
choose to remain silent when questioned, although he
can be subjected to any form of mundane coercion,
persuasion, bribery or torture the interrogatorcan imagine.
The subject may also give incomplete answers, but cannot
lie or give strongly misleading impressions: Kuei-jin
subjected to this rite may attempt to resist (the player rolls
P'o, difficulty 9, to do so) and they are subject to fire soul
as usual if tortured.

65
Naming THE Ancestor | (Leven. Seven Ryte)

In earlier ages, every Dharma had its‘own version of
this rite, usually called Crowning the Ancestor. Now only
the Cranes practice it on a regular basis, and:the other
Dharmas simply call on Crane masters of rituals when they
wish it performed for one of their own. The-only notable
exception'to this is Welcoming the Penangallanj the rite
practiced in the Golden Courts by members of the Burning
Embers sect of Devil-Tigers and the Passion Bloodflower
sect of Thrashing Dragons (see Dharma Book: Thrashing
Dragons, p. 59).

A Kuei-jin ancestor holds: a: position of spiritual
authority as well as an institutional role, and Cranes'
concern for proper leadership makes them intent on proving
that a candidate for ancestry does in fact have the necéssary
qualifications. Details of the rite vary from one sect to the
next; what follows isa common version practiced among
the August Courts of the Quincunx.

The candidate must first, over the course of five
nights, compose/a poem or memorial on each of the five
ways of the Great Principle and then present each in an
address to the examiners, Each night requires a Dharma +
Academies roll for the written. text anda Dharma +
Expression roll forithespeech, all at difficulty'7. If there
arehecklers or detractors, make an opposed roll to represent
theeffort at distracting the candidate (generally Wits +


Expression or Manipulation + Intimidation) against the
candidate's written or verbal roll, with the candidate requiring
more successes than the hecklers. The standard modifiers for
social rolls between'characters with differing Dharma ratings
apply (see Kindred of the East, p. 54).

The candidate must then maintain a 24-hour vigil in a
spot chosen by the court's mandarins. This cannot be indirect
sunlight, but can require the' candidate to face terrifying or
confusing environments. The.usual rolls and costs for
maintaining wakefulness during daytime apply, along with
one or more Willpower rollsiat difficulty 7 inthe face of
powerful distractions. The Flame Court of Hong Kong has
been known to submit candidates to low-flying aircraft
witha chosen spot just short of the end ofan approach to:
a local airport:

Finally, the candidate must fightanddefeatthree disciples
orjina chosen from among the court's ranks, all less than two
centuries from their Second Breath, Tradition allows any
hand-to-hand weapon forthe challengers, whilethe candidate
must use only his own abilities‘and disciplines. She must
subdue the attackers, who strike'at her simultaneously. Most
courts allow one challenger death, but regard more killing as
evidence that the candidate lacks an adequate rangé of
resources for responding to such crises.

A candidate who passes all these tests stands confirmed
before the court. A night of blessing and celebration follows,
after which the new ancestor gains the following benefits:

¢ She may store five more poirtts-each of Yin and Yang
Chi in her body than her Dharma level ordinarily allows.

¢ She cannot willingly enter fire soul, but she receives a
~2 difficulty bonus on all efforts to oppose negative soul states.

© She may use Demon Chi to power Demon Arts and
burn taw Demon Chi without having to make:a shadow soul

‘toll. Black Wind still requires a roll each round, but the above

benefit drops the difficulty to6. <

‘These benefits last even if the ancestor steps down from
authority. Only transfiguration intoakumacondition or other
comparably thorough reshaping of the soul can remove them:

Aanracts anp Texts

Cranes have access to a variety of texts and magical
secrets as the leaders of Kuei-jin society: They do not rely
omas many as the Bone Flowers or Thousand Whispers,
however. Texts and artifacts are useful crutches, but itis
the Crane himself who must seek enlightenment:

On THe Entry THRONE

Gao Hueli's seminal text on leadership through indirect
means, On the Empty Throne, remains favorite of Cranes who
want or need to practice alternatives to the straightforward
exercise of authority. Most copies are written or printed in a
plain style and bound simply but sturdily, in keeping with the
principle that what the eye sees most readily may not be most
important. Beyond the substantial enlightenment tobe found
by studying it, On the Empty Throne has no mystical properties
(and hence is not an Artifact).

Tut Harp oF Trur Songs
Level 3 Artifact

This instrument is the last surviving product of a
famous Crane-led monastery that flourished on the
Shandong Peninsula during the Ming dynasty. Themonks
made instruments that supported the philosophical debates
that were their primary undertaking, and the résults were
often disturbing: Most of the instruments were destroyed
after the monastety's forcible closure in 1643.

When played bya musician with Performance 3 or
greater, every two successes on. the player's.Charisma +
Performance roll (rounded up) temporarily adds one dot to
whichever soul virtue is dominant at the moment in each
Kuei-jin in the-audience. Everyone who hears the harp
played becomes more of whatever they are at the moment
—which maybe notatall what they hope to beor wish they
wete, or even what they are under other circumstances.
These Hun or P'o augmentations last for onescene and can
cause Soul imbalance as outlined'on page 149 of Kindred of
the East. The performer is unaffected.

Tue Crown oF Rising Autiorjry

Level 4 Artifact

This crown dates fromthe late Han dynasty. At that
time, the Wisdom Within Hell sect of Resplendent Cranes
sought to make Yomi's endsand meansserve the mission for
cosmic justice; the crown-was the last and finest of their
handiwork béfore they died en masse in an assault by angry
ancestor spirits, The crown itself is a simple silyer-band
decorated with jade'stones carved intothe characters for
Hell, Death and Beginning. Anyone who wearsit takes on
a dark and forbidding complexion, and the shadows inthe
area of the wearer seem to moye just beyond the corners of
an observer's eye. The wearer's player gets.a'—2 difficulty
bonus on all.efforts at intimidation and giving orders.

The wearer may also activate an effect the.crown's
creators called the Enforced Memory of Hell. The wearer's
player spends a point of Willpower and*makes a P'o roll,
difficulty 6. Regardless of the roll's success, the wearer's
form becomes hazy and indeterminate, and every Kuei-jin
who peers at it sees the outlines and distinctive features of
a demon that tormented him before he drew the Second
Breath. If the player's P'o roll was successful, any Kuei-jin
looking at the wearer during the rest of the scene suffers a
modified form of wave soul: the observer's player makes a
single Yang roll, difficulty 6, and must get more successes
than the wearer's player did on his P'o roll to avoid flight.
Even those who remain act at halftheirusual Willpower for
the rest of the scene while trying to:interact with the
wearer. (If the initial P'o roltwas unsuccessful, the weater's
hellish mien, although disturbing, is not quite accurate:
enough to provoke wave'soul.)

At the end of the scene, the wearer's player must make
a shadow soul roll.. The P'o finds this_artifact's-power
intoxicating, and if it takes control itinvariablyrenews the
effect (forcing the player to spend the required Willpower).

‘The Benerjrs oF SPLENDOR

Sr rr
ES Sa ea a a
aa

ApaPTjoNs FOR Mjnp's Eve THEATRE

67,

The following are adaptations for some of the
Merits, Flaws, Discipline techniques, rites and
artifacts for Resplendent Cranes. The Storyteller
has final say on what is permissible in game. Refer to
the main text for more complete in-setting
descriptions of these abilities.

MERjTS anp Fiaws
pureiectuar P'o (2 Trajr MeRjr)

Your P'o shares the Crane fascination for learning
and tradition. Youare one Trait up when resisting wave
soul in situations that would require you to flee the
presence of great scholars or scholarly archives. You are
one Trait down, however, when resisting fire soul when
confronted by threats to these scholarly treasures.

Dypactic P'o (2 Trajt Fiaw)

Your P'o fancies itselfa great teacher. Whenever
you resist shadow, wave or fire soul, by outbidding
the P'o during a tie of your challenge, immediately
make a Static Willpower Challenge against (10 -
Wall rating) Traits. If this second test fails, your P'o
achieves a limited degree of control: enough to force
you to make brief expositions, in the midst of stressful
situations, on aspects of Crane doctrine that your
associates should consider.

New Djscjpijne Tecunjques

A character wishing to learn new techniques
must acquire the necessary level of Disciplines
indicated beside the technique. He must then seek
outa teacher who knows the technique. Study times
are at the discretion of the Storyteller, who may
choose to increase or decrease learning time based
on the character's diligence.

Newcharactersmaynotenterplay with thistechnique.

The Fire Wier piumjnares
(jureRMeDjaTE Guost Flame SHjntaj,
JNTERMEDJATE CULT|VATION)

This Discipline conjures up a curving sheet of
flame with smooth, mirrorlike sheen. Any Kuei-jin
who looks inside is not subject to fire soul, but
instead feels compelled to keep gazing in, for a
number of turns equal to the creator's number of
Dharma Traits . If the Cathayan wishes to resist, the
player must make a Willpower Challenge. For every
turn that the Cathayan gazes into the flames, she
sees reflected there circumstances and images
associated with ones of her acts of blindness,
beginning with the most recent. The subject's player

must make a Hun Challenge each turn or the
Cathayan loudly admits the act she sees reflected.
Even Cathayans who welcome the use of the
technique make these Hun Challenges as success
implies that the vampires have fully accepted their
acts of blindness.

As part of instruction (in which case the subject
does not resist the urge to gaze into the flames), use
of the technique puts the subject's player one Trait
up on his next auspicious occasion. If used for
torment (in which case the subject resists the urge
to gaze), the victim gains no such advantage and
every time she must exclaim her failings, she also
loses a temporary Willpower Trait.

The Fire Which Illuminates costs seven
Experience Traits to learn.

Rjtes

As the instructors and traditionalists of the Kuei-
jin world, Resplendent Cranes fill their unlives with
ritual. They are also very concerned with signs of the
dawning Sixth Age, including increasing side-effects
for once-reliable rites. Atthe Storyteller's discretion,
one or more of the following complications may
apply to rites performed in places where the signs of
Age of Sorrow are particularly strong: the most
wicked cities, the most blighted parts of the
countryside, the great strongholds of the enemies of
Kuei-jin and so on. These side-effects are especially
appropriate when a rite is marginally successful (the
ritualist ties in the required test). The length of the
side-effects is up to the Storyteller, but never longer
than a session.

¢ Thickening Wall: The local Wall thickens by
one point for Basic Rites, three points for Intermediate
Rites and five points for Advanced Rites, for one or
more hours. This most often affects rites which deal
with the spirit world and is said to indicate the
displeasure of the spirit kings at being disturbed in
this darkening time.

¢ Thinning Wall: The local Wall thins by one
point for Basic Rites, three points for Intermediate
Rites and five points for Advanced Rites, for one or
more hours. This most often affects warding and
social rites, making it easier for hostile spirits to
interfere in the aftermath of the rite. It is said to
indicate the fragility of once-reliable protections.

¢ Delayed Effect: Even though everything goes
well, the rite just doesn't take effect, for up to one
hour per level of rite after its completion. Eddies in
the flow of Chi keep forces from discharging in
the meantime.


68

This rite marks a target — Kuei-jin only in the
Basic version, any target in the Intermediate version
—with an invisible mark which gives him an aura of
sin and malevolence. The ritualist spends 10 minutes
performing the rite over a mixture of powdered gold
and one Yang Trait's worth of her own blood. This
creates an ink which remains capable of making the
mark until the next sunrise. It takes one turn to paint
it onto a target, who is aware of the process unless
asleep or if the ritualist uses Yin Prana or other
concealing arts to mask her actions. Once applied the
mark is invisible, but the target suffers a one-Trait
penalty to all social interactions as long as the mark
lasts — three full days, or earlier if the target washes
his forehead with fresh water. Strong rain and
perspiration may erase the mark, at the Storyteller's
discretion. The playershould weara ribbon or tag that
indicates to other players that their characters feel
something disturbing in her presence.

Tae Vojce Wc Compeis Trott
(jwrermenjare Rjte)

This rite compels a seated subject to speak the
truth, whether she's cooperating voluntarily or has
been compelled to comply and is tied to her chair.
The Crane performing the rite alternates recitation
of passages from the classic texts on the subject of
truth and the benefits of confession with ceremonial
gestures intended to channel the flow of Chi in the
area. Gradually the subject feels cut off, almost
literally, from every impulse and ability to lie.
Once the rite is complete, interrogation begins.
The subject cannot lie until she rises from the chair
or the compulsion wears off.

The Crane spendsat least one hour performing
the rite, and the effects last one hour plus an
amount of time equal to the duration of the
performance. (That is, if the Crane spends one
hour at the rite, the effects continue two hours
after that, and soon.) The effect instantly dissipates
if the subject rises from the chair (either during or
after the rite's performance) or is subject to
Obligation or any other supernatural means of
compelling her to speak. The subject's inability to
lie does not automatically translate into a
compulsion to speak the truth, however. She may
choose to remain silent when questioned, although
she can be subjected to any form of mundane
coercion, persuasion, bribery or torture the
interrogator can imagine. The subject may also
give incomplete answers, but cannot lie or give
strongly misleading impressions. Kuei-jin subjected

to this rite may attempt to resist (the player makes
a Static P'o Challenge against 9 Traits to do so) and
they are subject to fire soul as usual if tortured.

Nanjng THe Ancestor
(Apvancen Rite)

The candidate for ancestry must first, over the
course of five nights, compose a poem or memorial
upon each of the five ways of the Great Principle
and then present each in an address to the examiners.
Each night requires both a Mental Challenge for
the written text and a Social Challenge for the
speech. If there are hecklers or detractors, make a
Social Challenge against the dissenters. Failure in
this challenge leads to failure for the night. The
standard modifiers for Social Challenges between
characters with differing numbers of Dharma Traits
apply (see Laws of the East, p. 200).

The candidate must then maintain a 24-hour
vigil in a spot chosen by the court's mandarins. This
cannot be in direct sunlight, but can require the
candidate to face terrifying or confusing
environments. The usual penalties for maintaining
wakefulness during daytime apply, along with one
ormore Willpower Challenges in the face of powerful
distractions.

Finally, the candidate must fight and defeat
three disciples or jina chosen from among the court's
ranks. Tradition allows any hand-to-hand weapon
for the challengers, while the candidate must use
only his own abilities and Disciplines.

The benefits of confirmed ancestor status
include:

The ancestor may store five more Yin Traits
and five more Yang Traits in her body than her
Dharma level ordinarily allows;

She cannot willingly enter fire soul, but she
receives a two-Trait bonus on all efforts to oppose
negative soul states.

She may use Demon Chi to power Demon Arts
and burn raw Demon Chi without having to make
a shadow soul test. Using Black Wind still risks fire
soul, but the above Trait bonus applies there, too.

These benefits last even if the ancestor steps
down from authority. Only transfiguration into
akuma condition or other comparably thorough
reshaping of the soul can remove them.

Having player characters become ancestors may
well unbalance the game. The Storyteller is advised
to consider making those who achieve such rank
into Narrator characters


‘The Benerjrs or SpLenpor

ee

ArTiFACTS

The Harp or True Songs
Level Three Artifact

When the harp is played by someone with two
or more Performance Traits, all Kuei-jin listeners
save the performer gain an additional Trait for
whicheversoul virtue is currently dominant in them.
This can cause soul imbalance. Non-Kuei-jin who
might become entranced by such performance may
gain an appropriate Trait (Glamour, Blood, Pathos,
etc.) at the Storyteller's discretion.

Tue Crown oF Rising AuTHoRiTY

Level Four Artifact

Anyone who wears the crown takes ona dark and
forbidding complexion, and the shadows in the area
seem to move just beyond the corners of an observer's

eye. The wearer's player is two Traits up on all tests
involving command and intimidation. The wearer
may also activate an effect the crown's creators called
the Enforced Memory of Hell for one hour. The player
spends one Willpower Trait and the wearer's form
becomes hazy and indeterminate, and every Kuei-jin
whopeersatitsees the outlines and distinctive features
of one of the demons that tormented him before he
drew the Second Breath. When other Kuei-jin first see
this hellish mien, they must make Yang Challenge
against the wearer's P'o or immediately enter wave
soul and flee. Even those who succeed are three
Willpower Traits down against the wearer for the rest
of the hour. When the hour expires, the wearer's
player must make a shadow soul test; the P'o finds this
power intoxicating, and if it takes control it invariably
renews the effect (forcing the player to spend the
required Willpower Trait again).



FNE KICNTEUOUS
YOUNG

Each day I examine myself on three counts: whether or not I am loyal
to those in whose behalf I act; whether or not I am trustworthy in my dealings
with friends; whether or not I practice what is imparted.

—Confucius, The Analects

Stereotype portrays the Resplendent Cranes as cold,
detached creatures. That detachment would be the
prerogative of souls who have achieved perfection within
themselves as well as bringing a measure of celestial
justice to the world around them. This chapter shows
Cranes who know the huge gap between themselves and
such perfection, and who struggle in various ways to fulfill

the mandate of universal order. These templates are all
suitable for use by players as beginning characters. They
can also serve as allies and antagonists for Storytellers who
want to drop some fleshed-out personalities into their
chronicles. They illustrate the principles described in
earlier chapters, and may inspire brand-new ideas in
players and Storytellers alike.

72 di RespLENDENT Cranes
Tue Cerestjan Apvocate words, but still you refused to move. There was no point.

Quote: You are out of order and an affront to All Under Then you opened your eyes and saw fear on the devils' faces.
Heaven. Submit to proper justice or perish. And with that, you escaped. You reassembled your

ashes in their tasteful little mausoleum and
wandered into the world, with a bare ember of
hope and a yearning for a purpose.

A band of young Cranes found you and
broughtyouto House Genji'smentors. There
youlearned the First Lotus—the recognition
of hope — and your soul stirred again. You

retained your formidable talents for analysis
and debate, and forthe first time youare using
them in a worthy cause.

Concept: Youare Heaven's lawyer.
You confront reasoning beings with

the evidence of their wrongdoing and
seek to enlighten them, to the degree
appropriate for their circumstances.
Force is not your field of expertise.
You go where warriors cannot, and
vice versa. Insofar as wise words
correctly delivered can change aheart
orat least coerce good behavior, that's
your mission.

Roleplaying Hints: Inside, you
are filled with self-loathing, knowing
how thoroughly empty you are on
your own, You wholeheartedly

embrace your Dharmaas the source
of all guidance and wisdom, and
eagerly study its tenets to improve
yourself. You love to share what
you know, and to learn from
others what they've
discovered that may
help you. You also
retain a deep love for
the intellectual fray:
nothing compares to
the thorough
capitulation of a
rival in the face of
superior prowess.

The struggle for

the survival of

creation isnotagame,

but you feel a visceral thrill in
the play of words nonetheless.

Equipment: Fashionable

suits, briefcase with legal citations
and holy books.

Prelude: Your parents grew rich during the
American occupation of Japan after World War II,
cooperating with the victors and gaining spoils
taken from neighbors and business rivals who put
up more resistance. Your older brothers went into
politics, winning a place for your family's concerns in
the halls of power. You went to law school and became
the family's counsel-in-residence, showing the others
how to make the laws serve their concerns. If a
question about the morality of all this ever crossed
your mind, you can't recall it now. Morality,
you believed, was no more than the excuses
losers give — nothing winners have need of.

Then the 1990s shook everything up.
Intellectually, you always knew your
country's prosperity depended ona variety
of manipulations and dodges that couldn't
last forever. It was different to see the
inevitable collapse occur in practice, as
real estate and currencies slumped and.
the whole chain of investments
started to come undone. You worked
harder and harder to keep things
together, and made it last a good long
while after your rivals quietly succumbed
to despair. Then came the night when you
pushed the extra hour to finish a crucial brief...
and died of a heart attack.

The Wicked City was pretty much what you
expected from an afterlife, in your secret fears.
Demonic lawyersand bureaucrats held the promise
of escape just out of reach, nestled in a sub-sub-
clause of a charter rewritten behind your back,
and lured you through hope of release into
unspeakable acts. Yourememberall tooclearly
how you tortured your parents' shades for the
sake of quartersa little further away from the
acid sewage pits, how you helped shovel
the still-screaming bodies of law-school
friends into furnaces to turn the fans that
gave youa moment's release, and many
more atrocities. You came to realize
that there was no depth to which you
wouldnotsink, ifthe conditionsseemed
right, and that all this degradation
would in the end get you nowhere.

With that realization, you
stopped. You dropped the shovel,
closed your eyes, let the fan grind to
a halt and let the scorching heat
build. The devils around you
tortured you with whips and
seduced you with honeyed

x

AY

a


mama: Celestial Advocate NATURE: Axchitect BALANCE: alanced

‘PLAYER: 0 NATURE: The Deceivek DIRECTION: Nokth
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Akchitéct wu:
PHYSICAL SOCIAL
| Strength. @00000 Charisma @00 Perception
Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation 000 Intelligence
Stamina @@@000 Appearance @@@000 Wits
ue ABjLjTIES =
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@@000 Animal Ken. 0900000 Computer. @00000 |
Athletics 000000 Portents______0 00000 Finance______o 00000 |
Brawl 000000 Drive_______000000 Investigation @e@000 |
Dodge. OOOOOO Etiquette_____@®@®0000 Law____sss— ®@®@®000
Empathy. @@0000 Firearms______® 00000 Linguistics @00000
Expression @@0000 Martial Arts OO00000 Medicine_____0 00000
Intimidation 000000 Melee______000000 Occult______0 00000
Leadership. 000000 Performance @@0000 Politics @ee@000
Streetwise 000000 Stealth_____000000 Rituals_____®@®0000
Subterfuge @@0000 Survival_._._000000 Science___ 000000
: ADVANTAGES = :
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
hii @e@0000 _Kesoukces  _@@@000 o¢ the Shikit's
Demon Shinti @00000 _Lites @@0000 _Hakmonious Shieldi
000000 000000 the Guarded Home
oo00000 __ OOO 000
O00000 __ OOO OOO
¥IN CHI ( DHARMA Way of the Beshlendent Cane /4 lenriac
SS ey HUN ae , =
@ooo urt
o Sous © eee eo° Injured 1Q
O WILLPOWER Wounded 20
t ) Mauled 20
g @e@e@aeeoo0o0d Crippled 50
8 9000000000  jrcpecitaed
Rey Po DEMON SHINTAI CHARACTERISTICS
Spo O0oicH @ee@eooo00o0o0d

O0O00000000
DEMON CHI


74 ® : a RespLenpenr Cranes
The Genrieman Asour Town

at all—isasmall price to pay for universal harmony.

Quote: The deputy minister supports this proposal. Set | Concept: You move among the upper castes as
aside your foolish concerns and get rich with us. one of their own, carefully mannered and plausible
Prelude: Pallid light and poisonous in your presentation. You do not teach so much as

prepare your audience to receive teaching, by
sabotaging their hopes and plans and leading
them to an awareness of their miserable need for
masters. From your new vantage point, you see
that in truth all of humanity is one vast
underclass, and that the untouchables are simply
those who already know their deficiencies. In
time, everyone else will, too, and then your
fellow Cranes with a flair for guidance will
bring a new age of true order out of the
chaos you're helping to create.
Roleplaying Hints: When alone,
you're prone to fits of destructive rage.
Sometimes it's hard to tell your
moments of Shadow Soul apart from
your native fury. Among others,
youare endlessly genial, kind and
alert—good company, acareful
listener and a reliable source
of what sounds like good
advice, though somehow it
never quite works out as well as
it should. As need be, you can
seem like a devoted reactionary
priest one night and a zealous
Communist provincial official the
next. Only your allies among the
Kuei-jin share your underlying
devotion to the dream of a new world
built on the ashes of the old.
Equipment: Fine clothes,
fashionable accessories.

darkness defined your world. The albino
offspring of a rape committed among
untouchables, you grew up in
orphanages and on the streets,
beneath endless polluted skies. Your
playtime, such as it was, happened
along the banks of a river and sea so
laden with chemicals they'dsometimes
catch fire. You were routinely robbed,
beaten and worse, for there is no honor
among those sufficiently desperate
for the basics of life. And
whenever someone blessed
with good health and fortune
spoke to you and your peers,
they assured you that all this
serves Heaven's will, that you
were appointed to this lot in life
and that complaining about it
would only make things worse in
the future by adding jealousy to your
inherited sins.

SN

One day you simply lay down in
a quiet corner and never woke up. What
a pity that death was no release.

Hell was just like life, only more so.
Now you got to see the lives of the favored
ones up close, from just beyond their
windows or even inside, forced by demons
into serving the beautiful monsters who
spoke endlessly of how Heaven had chosen.
them to prosper and you to eat their filth.
You tried to escape, but it never worked
until one of your fellow inmates worked with
you on a joint break, down one of the endless
sewers that seemed to lead out of the equally
endless city. At a crucial moment, when a
guardian demon rose to stop you, you threw your
ally atthe demon and used the delay to get away.
After what felt like years more wandering, you
turned a corner and found yourself once again in
the world, looking down at your decayed corpse.

At first you spent your time after the Second
Breath in acts of personal revenge against those
you remembered as tormenters. In due season you
came to the attention of other men and women like
yourself but more knowledgeable. They taught you
about the world's true history and secret face. You
understood that the real problem was the existence
of a mortal civilization run amok without its proper
tulers. Younow work not for your own gratification,
but for the healing of the whole world. That others
must live in misery as you once did — or not live


BALANCE: (2a)Anced

PLAYER: PO NATURE: ‘Ire Slave DIRECTION: EASt
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Competitok wu:
PHYSICAL SOCIAL
| Strengthh______®®0 000 Charisma____@ @® ®0 0 Perception
Dexterity______@ @®@®0O0O0O Manipulation @@00 Intelligence
Stamina @00000 Appearance @@0000 Wits
~ ABjLiTIES —_——_—
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. 9000000 Computer. 000000
Athletics, @00000 Portents_W____O0 00000 Finance______®0 0000
Brawl 000000 Drive_______000000 Investigation 000000 |
Dodge 000000 Etiquette_____@®@®®000 Law_______000000
Empathy. @@®0000 Firearms_____® 00000 Linguistics @@0000
Expression @0000 Martial Arts. @00000 Medicine___0 00000
Intimidation @00000 Melee______000000 Occult______0 00000
Leadership, @00000 Performance @@@000 Politics__- = @ ®0000
Streetwise @0000 Stealth____@®00000 Rituas_____o000000
Subterfuge @@@000 Suvival_t....000000 Science___9000000
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Black Wind _@00000 _ésoukces © @ @@00
Equi ibeivea © @0000 _Contacts @00000
Oo00000 __ OO OO000
OoO00000 __ OOOO 00
OoO00000 __ OOOOO0
, HEALTH
YIN CHI DHARMA !\.v <2 {c: 4
ou ly HUN Bruised (ia)
Soon Vy ee0eee00000 © Hur 1Q
0 Injured 1Q
eo WILLPOWER Wounded 20
8 ecceeecooo 5a
3 Qao0000gu00a Incapacitated Q
g PO DEMON SHINTAI CHARACTERISTICS

Ko e@ee0000000

YANG CHI Q000000000
DEMON CHI


76
The Man Wjrnour a Past

Quote: I don't care about what was. I want to know what
is, right now.

Prelude: Your first memory is of bobbing somewhere in
the darkness of the South China Sea, many miles from land.
You were hungry beyond description, your naked body
riddled with bullet holes and vicious fresh scarring on top
of older wounds that still look like the legacy of whippings.
The unfortunate fishermen who found you and pulled you
out of the water gave their flesh to sate your hunger, after
which you began to gain some rational awareness.

Dreams called you to one of the teeming Chinese port
cities and to a mentor who helped you subdue the beast
within. She taught you about your new condition. No
amountof probing or questioning of the oracles or inquiring
among the spirits tells you anything about who you were.
In the fires of whatever hell you went to, for whatever
reason, all that burned off.

Because you had to start from the very beginning,
learning language again along with everything else (if in
fact you could speak in your mortal life), you have an
unusual awareness of Dharmic teaching as a
profound unity that
encompasses everything in
your existence. It's not a
new layer built onto an
existing edifice, as it
is for those who
remember _ their
lives, but the edifice
itself. Apart from the
Crane's Way you are
literally nothing.
Naturally, you seek to
understand everything
about the realm that defines
you. This, rather than the
fulfillment of lost desires, is
how you measure your progress.

Concept: You area student of
Crane minutiae. Everything about
your Dharma fascinates you. You
conduct interviews, pore over old
records, travel to historical
landmarks, go from one court to the
next to see how Cranes behave and
what follows from their choices.
Your masters agree that you are
likely to become one of the great
sages of the new age, if you can
avoid succumbing to heresy.

Roleplaying Hints: Mortality
interests you not at all. You find
other Kuei-jin's fascination with

Respurnpenr Cranes

people and their affairs somewhat puzzling; you'd much
rather learn more about what being Kuei-jin means. You
delight in opportunities to test the limits of your vampiric
body and soul, as well as in learning from others. At first
you resented being such a blank slate, but now you rejoice
in it and pity those burdened by history.

Equipment: Laptop computer with speech synthesis
program and many historical texts, sturdy clothing,
ceremonial robes.


NAME: Man withoutaPast NATURE: architect BALANCE: (2a)Anced

‘PLAYER: PowaTuRE: The Moniey DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: JiAditionalist WU:
‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL
| Scrength___e @0000 Charisma_____@® ®® 000 Perception
| Dexterity_____@ @@®000 Manipulation 0000 Intelligence

Stamina @@@000 Appearance @@0000 Wits
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. @00000 Computer.
Athletics. @@0000 Portents_____® ®0 000 Enigmas
Brawl ®O 0000 Drive ___@®00000 Investigation
Dodge. @@0000 Etiquette____O000000 Law_______000000
Empathy. @®000O00 Firearms_____@® 00000 Linguistics @@0000
Expression 000000 Martial Arts 000000 Medicine___0 00000
Intimidation 000000 Melee_______000000 Occult______® ®®000
Leadership. @00000 Performance 000000 Politics 000000
Streetwise 000000 Stealth______0 00000 Rituals______@e@0000
Subterfuge 000000 Survival... ®00000 Science______000000
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
BlackwWind @00000 Allies @ @0000
Cultivation _@@®0000 _Hokoscohe _@®®000
000000 _Nushi oe 00000
000000 ____HESESsss 000000
000000 ___ 00 0000
YIN cH DHARMA !\y of the es! tCkane /1 HEALTH
xo ey, HUN poss ; 4
urt be
<¥ G00 dH €e00000000 ee 4
e WILLPOWER Wounded 20
8 eccceeeccoo Se, Sa
$ 9000000000  jncapacitaed
@
oO Po DEMON SHINTAI CHARACTERISTICS

Ze e@eeo0000000

eee er oe

YANG CHI OO00000000
DEMON CHi


78

Tue Monster Hunter

Quote: You see, these claw marks show that it was standing
upright when it attacked. Not a tiger at all.

Prelude: Life in the Himalayas wasn't easy. Rival empires
claimed the high valleys of your people for their own, driving
each other out and then settling in to raze your forests, pollute
your streams, and rip apart your hills for their precious metals.
When you were still a young wife and mother, most of the men
in your village went far away to the south to work at one of the
busy Indian ports. A few years later, an unfortunate run of
drought combined with deforestation sent dangerous animals
out of their high lairs and down in search of fresh food... like
your neighbors and children. Out of necessity, you and a few
other village women became skilled hunters.

Inan unexpected side benefit, you found you could
sell many pieces of the animals you killed to
traders who'd take the goods to black gf
marketsaroundtheworld.Theextra
money often made the
difference between getting
by and not, buying
expensive medicines,
repairsforfarmmachinery
and food for barren
times. It was against
the laws of the

tuling powers, but
so what? What
reasonhad they Y

evergiven you
to respec t
them? Yj

One
day the land betrayed you.
A rocky slope collapsed
under your weight, its rigidity lost
thanks to falling water tables,

and you perished away P
GAS

from the eyes of all
mortal observers. Then
you went to your
damnation.

Unimaginably
huge beastshunted you
across bleak, hot
landscapes during the
endless days, and in the
freezing nights tiny
simulacra of human
huntersstalkedyouasone
of the monsters yourself. You died again
and again. Unseen authorities lectured you on your
sin. Sometimes it was insufficient respect for your
appointed rulers, sometimes lack of veneration and
commemorative rites for your prey, sometimes
your abandonment of your wifely role for
this manly pursuit.

RESPLENDENT Cranes

One night you refused to bow to these authorities. You
yelledbackat them, pointing out the fallacies in theirrulesand
postulating new and better ones. You slaughtered the hunters
stalking you and felt not one iota of shame. The ice suddenly
gave way, and youfell. Andfell. And fell. And suddenly found
yourself falling down into the world you'd once known,
plummetingfroman infiniteheightrightinto youravalanched-
buried body. After an overwhelming moment of pain, you
were in your body again, digging your way out.

A wizened old woman was there waiting for you. She
explained your new condition to you, and watched silently as
you tried to reveal yourself to your family, only to be taken as
an object of horror. She comforted you through the ensuing
madness, and asked the quiet questions that led you to a new

understanding ofhow.
youcoulddischargeall
thedutiesthedemonic
accusers reminded you
you'd neglected.

The world holds more beasts
and monsters than you ever
imagined. Some of them stalk the

wilderness, some glide through the
cities. You hunt them all,
protecting your family.
Concept: You are less
concerned with your own
Dharmic progress than with
making it possible for
others. You never want
to see again looks of fear
such as crossed the faces
ofyoursistersandchildren.
when you entered your
village and they saw only
a vampire. You create
hope for others, freeing
them from dreads that they
cannot always even name.
Perhaps in time this will
bring you some measure of
hope for yourself.
Roleplaying Hints: You
work quietly and carefully, with
ptecisionandcalm. Youarenever
deliberately rude, though others
sometimes misunderstand your
brevity of response. Because of the
wide-ranging demands of the hunts
you now engage in, you never dismiss
anyone out of hand. You never know
when they'llcomeinhandy, andsurvival
may depend on not having alienated
them in the past, so you work hard to keep
on reasonably good terms with those
around you.
Equipment: Exotic knives, firearms,
sharpened stakes, whatever else has come
in useful lately

JUAN


NAME: Monster Hunter
PLAYER:

MATURE: ea

BALANCE: ‘YAn<3
PO NATURE: The Zancit

DIRECTION: Sovth

CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: the Pexfectionist WU:
fl PHYSICAL SOCIAL
| Strength. @@@000 Charisma @@0000 Perception
Dexterity. @@@@00 Manipulation @@@000 Intelligence
Stamina @@@000 Appearance @00000 Wits
- ABjLjTIES ——
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@@000 Animal Ken. 000000 Computer. 000000
Athletics. @@0000 Portents. OO0000O0 Finance oo00000
Brawl @@0000 Drive @00000 Investigation @@0000 |
Dodge. @@0000 Etiquette @00000 Law. 000000
Empathy. @@0000 Firearms. @@@000 Linguistics @00000
Expression 000000 Martial Arts Medicine _____0o 00 000
Intimidation 000000 Melee @@0000 Occult @@0000
Leadership. 000000 Performance 000000 Politics oo00000
Streetwise @00000 Stealth @00000 Rituals 000000
Subterfuge @00000 Survival @00000 Science 000000
- ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Demon Shintai @00000 _Kesoukces _@@®0000
Yang PkAnA _@@O0000 _Contacts __@@®@000
uw OO OOOO O O00000
O00000 O00000
O00000 O00000
YIN CHI DHARMA |v of the a HEALTH
oe TQ, @0@00000000 a 1g
<¥gg099 © Injured 10
O WILLPOWER Wounded 20
O Mauled 20
$ @ee@e@eeeo000d Crippled 5a
3 gooonooggodagoaand Incapacitated Q
@
ry @0500000 —
en PONS SNO e

OQ0o0o0gdononononu0ng
1 DEMON CHI


#0 a Respenpenr Cranes
The Pate Proresson unleashed. Sometimes you encountered the actual souls of
Quote: Of course you're scared. Sit still and listen, and those who'd died with you, subjected now to the same
understand your fears for the first time. Then be more scared, __ torture, and one by one they all succumbed to the mindless
Prelude: You always regarded yourself as an example of | °St@SY of madness.
a successful encounter between East and West. Your family One day, one of your guardians slipped. Not for long, but
achieved middle-classstability in the generationsbefore you, then it didn't take long. Your passive intellectualism had
and you excelled in academic work at home and in the long ago been stripped away, and when you saw a doorway
universities of Europe. Youreturnedto yournativeCambodia "Pen into an endless void rather than to one of the demons'
to take up a professorship in a subject dear to your heart. sets, you dashed through it and plunged upward in search of
The troubles of the region passed you by. You knew relief. Your body was there, where it and the others had
they were there, of course, and when your work fallen, covered over with concrete and left to decay. In
and personal circumstances allowed, you mindless fury you took the Second Breath, pushed your
took part in petition-gathering and other way up through the paving and wandered in search of
genteel efforts at reform. In time, you sustenance. In time one of the Resplendent Cranes of
reasoned, your equitable relations with that city took you in, and your new studies began.
Western scholars and diplomats would allow Concept: Youare driven by anall-consuminghatred
you tomake a useful contribution toward your forthe attitudes of careless detachment thatset you up for
country's overall betterment. It's just that death, and hatred for those who instructed you falsely.
there were things to do in the meantime Your mission in this new existence is to shock the
as you cultivated your social stature: complacent into realizing their true position,
committees to participate in, helpless in the face of a greater world they
lectures to deliver, monographs cannot dismiss or manage away. You are the
to write. The authorities would world's lash against self-satisfied dunces.
deal with the increasingly Roleplaying Hints:
violent rabble, whose affairs Now that youare reborn,
were none of yourconcern. the one great pleasure in

The realities of the your nights is the

situation became clear discovery of
to you on the day three new facets of
quietmen in the uniforms the world.

You eagerly seek out
spirits, hidden communities
within mortal society, lost ancient
secrets. .. every fresh surprise sustains
your enthusiasm to continue. This
delight is private, one you share
only with those you've come
to trust. The rest of the
time, youareapure driven
scourge, seeking out
authorities of all kinds
and doing whatever is
necessary to shake their
conviction that they
understand the world or the
consequences of their actions.
In particular, you haunt and
derange the confident
materialists among the
+ governing classes, relenting

\a only when at last they
Y
LZ

of Pol Pot's security made
their way through yourschool.
They politely verified your
identity, then shot you,
decapitated you, and threw your
corpse into courtyard. You were the
first to die that day; by the end of the
morning, all yourcolleagues lay in the
heap with you. Your soul's last
impression of the worldwas thatmound
of bodies.

An unknown time passed in the
midst of demonic versions of what you as
a scholar knew to call a "jacquerie," a
peasant uprising. Time after time you'd
wake in peaceful circumstances and think
it was all a dream, but the twisted
creations of hellish imagination would
burst in and destroy it all. Nothing you
tried over the years changed the cycle of
slaughter: not meek submission or hot
resistance, or even efforts to join their
band and slaughter the simulacra of
your former colleagues. In this hell
you learned the futility of the
reasoned life in the face of passion

concede, preferably with an
honest cry for help.
Equipment: Notes on
current targets, personal
sketchbook, nondescript
clothing, small knives


NAME: Pale PKofessok naTwas: ae BALANCE: ‘Yi)\

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Leqalist DIRECTION: Vest
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Jj Wu:

F PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength______® ®0 000 Charisma_____®@ ®®@0O Perception @@@000
Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation @@@@00 Intelligence.
Stamina______@®0000 Appearance @@®0000 Wits_______@®®0000

7 ABjLjTIES wes :
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. 000000 Computer. 000000 |
Athletics____@® @®0O0O0OO Portents_____0 00000 Finance_____0 00000
Brawl 00000 _ Drive________000000 Investigation @@0000
Dodge CO OO OOO Etiquette_____®@®0000 Law_____+_+==—90 00000
Empathy____@® @®@®0O0OO Firearms_____0 00000 Linguistics @@0000
Expression, 000000 Martial Arts. @00000 Medicine____@®00000
Intimidation @@@000 Melee_____000000 Occult_____®®0000
Leadership, @®00000 Performance. @@0000 Politics 000000
Streetwise 000000 Stealtthh___ @®@® 0000 Rituals____e@@0000
Subterfuge @@0000 Survival__..9000000 Science____9000000
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS
PemonShintai @@0000 _Kesoukces @00000 Shislding of te Guarded Home
Obliqatio @00000 _Contacts ©0000 Akace the Deason's Blood
000000 _Kités @@0000
000000 _____SS 9000000
000000 __ 000000
YIN CHI DHARMA !yoy of the Zeshlencdent Crane /1 am
oe ry HUN Bruised Q
Boor "Vy eee0000000 — Hur 1
C) Injured 1Q
@ WILLPOWER Wounded 20
@ Mauled 20
$ ee@eee0o0o00do Crippled 5
$ 9000000000  incpacitaed " Q
y Po DEMON SHINTAI CHARACTERISTICS

oe e@e«e0000000

YANG CHI QOO00000000
DEMON CHI



Masers ano Worries _

83

APPENDIX
MASTERS AND
WORTNIES

The superior man nourishes the roots. With the roots
established, the way grows. Are filial piety and brotherly love

not the roots of benevolence?

—Confucius, The Analects

This section gives some examples of the diversity among
the Shining Ice Guardians. In principle, Cranes should be as
diverse as the Ten Thousand Things they guide and judge. In
practice, the constraints of Kuei-jin nature and basic sinfulness
keep the Dharma's full potential from becoming reality, but
even so the Cranes range widely. The individuals in this
chapter are people that characters may meet, or in the case
of the fallen, hear discussed and referred to and used in
support of conflicting agendas. Storytellers should use them
to add variety to their chronicles and to reinforce the sense
that wu exists inan established society whose other members
are also up to complex, interesting things.

Rising Majestjcaiy
TO THE Western Sun,
Bopnjsattva AND SaAcrjFjcE

In life, the woman who later took the name Rising
Majestically to the Western Sun was a pearl diver in the
South China Sea during the century before Qin Shihuangdi
unified China. Her life was an endless cycle of descent into
painful depths and return to miserable huddling for shelter
on the surface. Her death in a plague provoked only
perfunctory mourning among family members before they
got on with the diving and fishing again.

Her passage out of the world was revelatory. As she fell
toward the Hell of Upside-Down Sinners, she looked up
and saw the world's true size for the first time. The image of
unknown mountains and seas stayed with her all through
her time in Hell, sustaining her through twists of space and
emotion until at lasther yearning forknowledge, transmuted
by demons into fear of the unknown, changed itself again
into the power of flight. She returned to her neglected body


84

and soon came to the attention of Kuei-jin on the Way of
the Resplendent Crane.

Hernew name reflected her preferred mission as one of
the Ten Thousand Demons. She began walking west, and
kept walking. Each night she'd stir into activity as soon as
she could, and follow the fading sunset into some new
realm. As she passed from one court to another, she studied
with sages new to her. Sometimes she paused for a night (or
a year, or a century) to read in a new library and learn the
arts of an unfamiliar tribe. In time her quest took her
beyond the bounds of the Middle Kingdom, and the Cranes
with whom she maintained correspondence after leaving
their domains assumed she had perish on some unknown
barbarian field.

Toeveryone's surprise, she came sailing out of the great
Eastern sea one evening in the middle of the Ming dynasty.
She had, she said, simply continued walking where she
could and using other means when she could not. Her gait
was slower now, one of her legs permanently maimed in a
battle against some wild Yin spirit of the foreign lands, and
she paused more often to write her memorials and accept
the hospitality of young Cranes eager fora fresh perspective
on the struggles of the time. She formulated several
alternative sequences through the Eight Lotus Path that
remain popular to this night, each one building on a
different starting point triggered by the new Crane's
experience of death and rebirth. At one point in the 18th
century, she and Gao Hueli of the Empty Throne sect
walked together for more than a decade, giving the
Quincunx's more conservative ancestors much cause to
worry that a major heresy might be in the works.

Their fear came to nothing. Rising Majestically
continued to rise toward the west, into the Tien Shan
mountains. Here, she said, she would rest awhile and enjoy
the sunsets knowing that the glories of the Middle Kingdom
supported her tired back. Then, in 1999, there came a great
earthquake and disturbance to the south, and she rose one
last time. In the so-called Week of Nightmares, she and her
fellow bodhisattvas Black Earth Boy (a Thrashing Dragon)
and Eight Thunders Sage (a Devil-Tiger) fought a terrible
demon. In the end, all four were destroyed.

The implications of the Week of Nightmares remain
the subject of intense debate. The demon is generally
thought to be the Yama King Ravana, who may have been
the herald of the Sixth Age. Most Crane ancestors argue
that Rising Majestically's feat of pushing Ravana back into
the Mouth of Yomi shows it is possible to reverse the Great
Wheel with righteous action. Others see it as a delaying
action at best and proof that the Sixth Age is already at
hand at worst. Some even claim that the thing the three
bodhisattvas fought was not Ravana at all, but a powerful
dupe or avatar of the Yama King, who waits to pounce once
the Cranes' guard is down.

Xu ¥jKuj, TRAVEYNG jNQUjS|TOR

Xu Yikui's earliest memories are, literally, of the road:
watching yellow dust beneath the wheels of wagons tended
by his merchant father. His next memories are of shouts of
"Collaborator!" and "Traitor!" delivered by pro-Han

protesters against the then-new Manchu dynasty and its
collaborators, like the Xufamily. Evenafterthe Qingemperors
consolidated their reign and (sometimes brutally) put down
challenges from within the empire, Yikuiremained constantly
aware of how fragile peace and safety can be, and how
sometimes order comes in spite of, perhaps because of,
differences between ruler and ruled.

As a grown man, Yikui left the merchant business to
work in the civil service. He was much older than most of his
colleagues when he finally passed the civilservice exams, and
he always retained a sense of inferiority to be assuaged
through superior performance. Eventually he did rise through
the ranks, and ended up as magistrate in one of the towns
where angry villagers had stoned his family decades before.
He remembered that shame. So did some of his new subjects.
One night, two masked men waylaid and beat him. They
intended only to give hima scare, but they overdid it, and he
died in a back alley the following morning.

For Yikui, Hell was a landscape devoid of other
inhabitants and subject to change without warning. A hill
that seemed near one moment would be far away the next.
Upand down mightreverse themselves once ora dozen times
inas many steps. Rivers would flow downhill one day, uphill
the next. The demons who crafted this torment understood
howmuch Yikuihad depended in life on codesandhierarchies,
and wanted to test his ability to remain sane when stripped
of all that.

He was closer to breaking than they realized when
conflict among rival Yama Kings erupted into his personal
hell. Giant cracks exposed the hidden ceilings of the chambers
where he'd struggled, and he climbed up through seemingly
endless dark passages, through storms of black liquids and
green mists, through empty space itself to the roots of the
world. There he dodged the patrols of Yu Huang's Jade
Empire, and eventually returned to his grave. His first act as
anewly returned vampire was to destroy his killers' families.

Exiles from the Blood Court of Beijing found him and
gave him the instruction that lethim begin to make Dharmic
progress. Only when Quincunx inquisitors came after them

Masters ano Worries

did he realize how his mentors had placed his soul at risk with
their inadequate doctrines. It was the old problem once
again: the masses could not be allowed to do as they pleased,
but needed rulership, just as much after death as before. He
went with the inquisitors to learn more about this state of
being. A century after his death, Yikui became a traveling
investigator of suspicious practices, walking the roads he
remembered from life but ranging far beyond them to lands
he'd heard of only in stories.

He delights in his work. He cansee the fruits of his labors
in ways he seldom could when alive. The great powers
bestowed upon him and his kind by Heaven let him pierce
through deception and ignorance to see souls themselves.
Furthermore, he has the time to see the fruits of generations
of labor. The world holds many mysteries, of course, but itno
longer strikes him as a place of dread chaos barely contained.
It has become for him a precious, beautiful mosaic whose
harmony depends on the proper interrelationship of every
piece. But this mosaic stands in the midst of a tornado that
might carry it off in countless shards at any time. Yikui puts
himself between the wind and the world, and labors with all
his might to build windbreaks of the soul.

In the early nights of his new existence, Yikui entered
guanxi with two other Cranes anda Bone Flower and worked
inandaround Beijing. The wu ultimately fell to disharmony,
however, and Yikui then traveled alone for several centuries.
In recent decades, as the Age has grown darker still, he has
come to understand that solitude is not an answer to
corruption. He and his Bone Flower ally have therefore
assembled the Five Harmonious Devils wu, drawing from all
directionsand true Dharmas, recruiting threegaki and standing
together. Yikui still undertakes certain investigations on his
own — especially those having to do with purely Crane
affairs — but remains in close contact with hiswu. As ofearly
2002, all five members have traveled to the New Promise
Mandarinate.

Ling Ku Mao, Apvocare
oF THE Empty THRONE

Ku Mao is the most famous disciple of Gao Hueli's
doctrine of leadership through indirect means, and one of
the most controversial figures within the community of
Cranes who isn't actually akuma or overtly heretical.

In life, Ku Mao was a officer in the Chinese army who
spent time studying the disposition and training of foreign
forces. He observed on both sides in the Crimean War, and
briefly watched some of the American wars against North
America's native tribes. The latter trip came to an end with
his jailing in a frontier town and ensuing sentence to hard
labor. Diplomatic intervention brought his release, but he
decided he'd had enough of Western lands at that point and
came home. He was an early supporter of efforts at
modernization, but became disillusioned as he saw them
repeatedly sabotaged by the greed and folly of leaders who
couldn't imagine credible threats to China from the rest of
the world. He lived long enough to see defeat after defeat
for his beloved land, inthe Opium Wars and other struggles,
and to see Japan flourish as China did not.

Inhis declining years he wrote aseries of commentaries
on the strategic works of Lao Tzu and Cao Cao, applying
them tocontemporary issues. They were completely ignored.
One day, Ku Mao had simply had enough. He composed a
memorial poem and slit his wrists, bleeding out into the
morning snow.

Much to his surprise, death wasn't the end of the story. *
He'd lost all faith in traditional religion and refused to
accept barbarian doctrines, so he had anticipated only the
void. Instead, he found himself in the Hell of Salt and Iron,
struggling in endless pain under capricious yokes. Rage at
the world grew in him day by day, specifically rage at all the
authorities who could have acted to instill the wisdom that
might have kept him out of Hell, who let him and so many
others suffer this terrible fate. Who were they to sit in the
luxuries of life while he and others suffered? At last he
managed to burst his bonds and flee when his pit's overseers
were busy elsewhere.

Gao Hueli found him in chih-mei condition and
undertook his instruction. After a more conventional
apprenticeship to the court of Changan, through which
Gao's wanderings took him, Ku Mao rejoined his rescuer
and eagerly received Gao's philosophy. Ku Mao saw in it
the consummation of his ownstudies, informed and purified
by Kuei-jin insights that Ku Mao could not, of course, have
had in life.

Ku Mao took Gao's teachings much further than Gao
ever did, most specifically in the realm of Kuei-jin
organization. To Ku Mao, it seemed obvious that what
applied between shen and mortals also applied within the
society of the Ten Thousand: better that leaders work
unseen, because visible authorities are nothing but targets
for corruption and deceit. China suffered precisely because
it had visible emperors, on whom tempters could
concentrate; the industrializing nations flourished because
the "invisible hand" dispersed authority beyond any single


throne. So with Kuei-jin. In Ku Mao's view, every student
of vampiric history should know that highly visible power
ends, sooner or later, ina capitulation to vice. So step away!

On three occasions Ku Mao has faced trials for heresy
and dealings with demons. Each time, he survived the
challenge. No fool despite his exuberance, he has tempered
the most extreme edges of his advocacy and now
concentrates on trying to apply the Empty Throne principle
locally. Even Kuei-jin who have no use for his teachings
recognize his skill as a negotiator and analyst, and he uses
these opportunities to show how his practical wisdom is
connected inseparably to the insights others don't yet
accept. Perhaps some night he'll have a great success; in the
meantime, he labors on.

PROFLE

Nature: Visionary

P'o Nature: Legalist

Demeanor: Visionary

Balance: Balanced

Direction: South

Dharma: Way of the Resplendent Crane 4

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3,
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception
4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy
5, Enigmas 4, Etiquette 3, Expression 3, Investigation 5,
Law3, Leadership 3, Linguistics 2, Martial Arts 2, Medicine
2,Melee2, Occult 4, Performance 3, Politics 5, Streetwise
1, Survival 2

Disciplines: Blood Shintai 4, Cultivation 4, Demon
Shintai 3 (Demon Armor, The Host, Wings)

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Horoscope 2
Yin: 4, Yang: 5, Hun: 5, P'o: 5, Willpower: 7

Han Huj, DARIN
oF THE New Worip

Han Hui keeps the details of her living days largely
secret, so muchso that few people know even the approximate
date of her Second Breath. In Los Angeles, many young
disciples believe she rose from her grave as recently as the
early 1960s, making her position as a mandarin truly
exceptional. In fact, Han Hui rose from the waters off Macao
at the end of the 19th century. Her trainer in the afterlife was
Tang Bei, a Crane of the Empty Throne sect who led asecret
Kuei-jinunlife in Portuguese- (and Kin-jin) occupied Macao.

Han Hui was a skilled student who assimilated much of
her teacher's training, and like him remained hidden from
the rest of the Hungry Dead. She eventually tired of Tang
Bei'sextreme interpretations of the Empty Throne teachings,
however. For him, even the Silent Mandarins were far too
visible a force. She came to realize that'Bei had spent too
much time consorting with Bone Flowers and advocated
inaction rather than hidden influence. In the early 1960s,
Hui made her way to Guangdong and introduced herself to
the August Courts. Since then she has been a tising star in
the Quincunx despite her steadfast promotion of reform. She
has accomplished this balancing act by always acting on the

RespLenpenT Cranes

frontier of the courts' authority, where results count more
than traditional actions. Along with her Violent Path wu,
she worked to reestablish Macao as part of the Flame Court,
acted in Shanghai and journeyed to California as part of the
Great Leap Outward. Keeping her teacher's lessons ofsubtlety
in mind, she has also influenced and cooperated with the
Bamboo Princes to reform the courts.

She now divides most of her time between strongholds
in Los Angeles and San Francisco, and takes what time she
can afford to travel throughout the Mandarinate. She knows
that no official document ever tells the whole truth, and she
wants to cultivate attachments on all fronts. The cause
matters to her, and she will not risk its failure for want of the
ability to send an unofficial word here or for lack of
encouragement there.

PROFLE
Nature: Architect
P'o Nature: Barbarian
Demeanor: Competitor
Balance: Balanced
Direction: East
Dharma: Way of the Resplendent Crane 5
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,

Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception
4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Leadership 5,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Martial

Arts 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 4, Linguistics 2, Occult
3, Politics 4, Rituals 3

Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Blood Shintai 2,
Internalize 4, Obligation 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Horoscope 3, Resources 4
Yin: 4, Yang: 4, Hun: 5, P'o: 4, Willpower: 8


K Ovt

SEN OME ISITE OUS LAt
The world is a corrupt and vile place, and only
harsh virtue has a chance of surviving. We are the
Shining Ice Guardians, forgoing pity to stand firm
'gainst sin. We walk the Eight Lotus Path and will
drag the world back to the glory of the First Age

no matter the cost.

And Zein 4 \ WeTys to 1D.

Dharma Book: Résp
and final Dharma Bx

lendent Cranes is the fifth
0k for Kindred of the East™
It is.a complete guide to playing the harsh and
wise leaders of the Hungry Dead. The details of
the harrowing Eight Lotus Path await within, alone
with many new rites and powers, prominent
characters and new facts about the Asian World
of Darkness

\CIMA

¢ New powers and rites for vampires

of this Dharma

¢ Information on the many sects and heresies

of the Cranes

* Conversion rules for Mind's Eye Theatre
live-action play

$

ll

9 8"4622
