# File: Right of Princes.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A SOURCEBOOK FOR ThE DARK MEDIEVAL"

| Guest Michael DiPe sa, Myranda Sa Aliinder

Credits

Authors: Stephen Michael DiPesa (Home and
Hearth, Ulfs Hall, Bright Promise), Myranda Kalis
(Prelude, The King's Domain, Protectorate of
Compostela), Jacob Kliinder (Guarding the Gates,
Strood).

Vampire and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein® Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark
Rein® Hagen.

Developer: Matthew McFarland

Editor: Janice Sellers

Art Direction, Layout & Typesetting: Becky
Jollensten

Interior Art: Guy Davis, David Day, Tom
Gianni, Georgia Horesh

Front Cover Art: Brian Le Blanc

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
1554 LITTON DR served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of

A STONE MOUNTAIN 6A reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
p

reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,

30083 Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness

USK and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

PUBLISHING Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca-

lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Europe, Road of the Beast, Road of Kings, Bitter
Crusade, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusalem by Night, Libellus Sanguinis 1 Masters of the
State, Libellus Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word, Libellus Sanguinis 3 Wolves at the Door, Dark Ages Mage,
Dark Ages Inquisitor, Dark Ages Werewolf Ashen Thief, Ashen Cults, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in the
Night, The Ashen Knight, Veil of Night and Right of Princes are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not achallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.
stn : fail ENT — ome, lA
$% = ad + RIGHT OF PRINCES - = 2555'S
ee FE. ea ia ies - BF,

CABLE OR CONTENTS

Prelude: Diplomatic Action
Introduction

Chapter One: The Kings Domain
Chapter Two: Home and Hearth
Chapter Three: Guarding the Gates
Chapter Four: Shadow Demesnes


WN

- ST

Wis


DIPLOMATIC
ACCcION

Four of the six prisoners gurgled and swayed, legs kicking frantically as they sought
purchase four feet above solid ground, thickly knotted ropes strangling out their lives.
Eon de l'Etoile watched silently as their struggles gradually slowed, their faces darkened,
then slackened. The bodies, once they were cut down from the gallows pole on which
they hung, would be shipped overland to Narbonne, carefully preserved in a thick,
vaguely briny solution provided for just that purpose. He had no idea what the
Narbonnais Tremere would want with them, and he didn't quite dare ask. He had
purchased their sorceries with mutually beneficial acts of violence in the past, and he
probably would in the future. Still, part of him still squirmed at the thought of handing
the corpses of even Cathar knights over to sorcerers who seemed more heretical yet.

He turned away before the momentary pang could become any sort of impulsive act
of conscience, reminding himself firmly that these men were barely knights at all, little
better than bandits, and death was the just reward for their depredations.

On the far side of the penitential court, the remaining two prisoners stood bound and
gagged among a fairly substantial guard, three Cainites and six ghouls, though they
clearly didn't appreciate the honor. Eon approached, considering as he came. One was
visibly younger than any of the others, sixteen, seventeen at most, white with shock and
tearful with grief. He kept looking at his dangling comrades with wide, horrified eyes; Eon.
suspected that one of them might be his brother or his father. The other was only slightly
older, Eon guessed around twenty, but of considerably stronger mettle. He didnjeweep;
he had made no sound while watching the deaths of his companions; hisblue eyes were

An Se :
= + PRELWDE

—S———E eee a

hot with hate and contempt. If they took the gag out,
he'd no doubt manage to spit in someone's face before
they got it back in again.

Eon looked away from him and caught the eye of
Isarn de Voisins, his lieutenant and cousin-in-Caine,
through their sires. Isarn was among the most enor-
mous men that Eon had ever seen, tall, wide across the
shoulders, and even stronger than he looked. His face
had probably never been pretty, and it was further
misshapen by a mass of scar tissue that pulled one side
of his mouth into a constant snarl. Likewise, he had
probably always enjoyed breaking his opponents' skulls
at the slightest provocation, and death had not im-
proved his temper evenslightly. Dumb asa statue, too,
as the Mouse was fond of pointing out — along with
the story that Isarn had been Embraced from gratitude
and his sire had been looking to take the gesture back
ever since. It wasn't far from the truth.

"Bring them." Eon nodded in the direction of the
remaining captives, then turned and led the way out
of the courtyard. The two remaining members of his
coterie detached themselves from escort duty and
drifted forward to join himas he made his way through
the lower floor of their haven.

"You're resolved to do this, then?" The Mouse
whispered. She always whispered; she couldn't speak
any louder, apparently.

Before Eon could reply, Crepin growled, "I still say
we should just lop the cat-buggering bastard's head off
and send it to the bitch-Queen as a token of our
esteem. See how willing to negotiate she is after she
loses one of her precious chevaliers."

The Mouse snorted audibly from behind several
layers of woolen scarves. Eon moved to cut off what
would assuredly turn into a full-blown snarling match
if he allowed the two to butt heads. "Yes, Mouse, | am
resolved." He raised a hand to cut them off again. "I
know that neither of you likes the prospect. I am not
overly fond of it myself, but we have a resource in our
hands that we cannot afford to squander, either on
gestures of strictly limited effectiveness," he glared
pointedly at Crepin, who had the grace to look embar-
rassed, "or attempting to extract information that he
may not possess at all. He is more useful to us undead
and sane."

The Mouse's hood nodded once, acknowledging
the validity of the point. She was a creature of practi-
cality, not passion, and his most sweetly
accommodating comrade, not given to arguinga point
past common sense, particularly once he'd clearly
made up his mind. She crafted her schemes and
strategies to fit his desires, no matter how much she
might personally disagree with some of them. Crepin

*RIGHTOF PRINCES: gia is

aieebameninaaeond <

glowered at her thickly draped back and then nodded
himself, still looking none too pleased. Not as thick
between the ears as Isarn nor as mentally agile as the
Mouse, he was nonetheless solid, competent, and
capable — a man more comfortable taking some
action, any action, than endlessly debating long-term
strategies and short-term tactics.

One of those long-term strategies awaited them
downstairs, in the parts of the haven dedicated to the
repose of Cainite prisoners of war.

Ht

Eon handed Mouse the lamp he carried, and she
slipped further down the hall, lighting another bolted
to the wall next to the door they sought. The door
itself was eight inches thick, solid oak bound in iron,
secured into the milled stone walls by two iron bolts,
each a large man's hand-span wide and a good two
fingers thick. Crepin shot the bolts, and Mouse pre-
ceded them both into the room beyond, stationing
herself and the lamp close to the door.

The room itself was small, more or less square,
floored in packed earth strewn with sand and rushes to
absorb the damp, and walled in unadorned stone. It
contained only two things: a rough wooden table and,
on the table, a body.

The body belonged to Sir Aimery de Cabaret, and
Eon was rather gratified to be in possession of him,
unwilling guest or not. Pure fortune had put him in
their hands. The rumor had passed through the Mouse's
considerable web of contacts among the local credentes
who didn't know of her change in mortal state or
religious affiliation that a band of Cathar knights was
on the move, a raiding party from the Pyrenean high
country. Eon, Crepin and a band of ghoul and mortal
knights had ridden out to set a trap of their own, and
the yield had been better than he had ever hoped it
might be. No raiding party, but a diplomatic mission,
traveling lightly armed and armored to make the best
speed they could, swinging dangerously close to Béziers
on their way back home. A diplomatic mission led by
no less a person than a near relation of Esclarmonde
the Black herself, her grandchilde and personal en-
voy.

Even heavily outnumbered, Aimery and his com-
panions had put up an unexpectedly fierce fight. Even
Crepin couldn't deny their valor or their skill, as much
as he might wish to. They gave a good accounting of
themselves, costing Eon a double handful of mortal
men-at-arms and half that many ghouls. Aimery le
Chansonneur himself accounted for the only Cainite
casualty, Crepin's hotheaded youngest childe. Aimery
had fallen not long after that, and it had taken all of
Eon's efforts to keep Crepin from destroying him then
and there.


Aimery lay on the table, immobilized by asnapped-
off length of pennon staff, naked but for a length of
woolen cloth wrapped around his loins for the sake of
modesty. His eyes were frozen half-closed, his face
locked in a mask of pain and frustration, and the
Mouse had informed Eon two nights previously that
his temper was growing fouler with each passing hour.
That, more than any other consideration, had made
his decision for him. He wanted Esclarmonde's
grandchilde with his faculties intact, and leaving him
stewing indefinitely in torpid imprisonment, while
the Mouse argued the advantages of subterfuge and
Crepin argued the advantages of killing him as pub-
licly as could be arranged, wouldn't achieve that goal.

The ghouls positioned themselves as they'd been
instructed, two to each arm and each leg, holding tightly
to the seemingly flaccid, powerless limbs and bracing
themselves carefully. Crepin went next, taking his place
at the head of the table, taking a handful of Aimery's hair
in preparation. Isarn herded the prisoners in after them
and prodded them toward the far end of the room, and
Eon followed him, slipping in between the men holding
down the left arm and leg. Gingerly, he reached out and
took hold of the pennon shaft.

"Ready?"

Crepin nodded, the men muttered a rough affir-
mation, Isarn grunted, and the Mouse whispered,
"Yes."

Eon tightened his grip on the shaft and nodded to
Isarn. In one smooth motion, Isarn drew the poignard
hanging at his hip, caught the older of the two prison-
ers by his hair, and slit his throat in a clean, quick slice.
Blood spurted in a bright arc, splattering one of the
men holding Aimery down, and then Isarn had the
choking, struggling boy over the Cainite's face. Eon
twisted to free the pennon from the grip of the con-
stricted muscle holding it, then yanked it out.

Aimery de Cabaret released the last breath he had
taken in a shriek that fell somewhat short of musical.
His body twitched uncontrollably for several seconds
as strength returned to his limbs, and then convulsed
as pain and fury and hunger coursed through him as
well. One arm, despite the two men hanging on it,
lashed out, heaving them away and clawing desper-
ately for purchase on something, anything, and finding
the still-warm body of the mortal boy being offered for
his sustenance. Crepin didn't have to guide him to
feed as they had feared might be necessary; he lunged
upward, following the source of the hot, sweet blood
pouring out over his face.

"Out!" Eon barked, and no one felt the need to
argue. The battle-hardened ghouls nearly fell over
themselves in their haste to escape; Isarn shoved the
last of his horror-struck charges into the corner to
await his turn slaking the freshly wakened Cainite's
appetites. The Mouse slipped out immediately be-
hind Eon himself and assisted him in closing the
door and remounting the bolts. He dismissed
all but the two steadiest of the ghouls and sent
Isarn and the Mouse upstairs as
well to make

"N nih 3
2 aaa Sy ne Tht ~ ~\ ~ a
= + PRE F. Sa eae
ISS PRELUDE g ae Sa


certain that the rest of preparations were in order.
Crepin remained with him, blood-splashed himself
and holding the stake that had held Aimery. Eon had
dropped it at some point during the confusion.

Very little sound came through the thick wood of
the door. None of the normal feeding sounds were
clearly audible, though they did catch the hint of a
high-pitched cry of fear-mingled pain and then, later,
alow moan. Complete silence fell after that, and they
exchanged a glance.

Crepin opened the top bolt; Eon took the bottom
and the lead. He held the lit lamp in one hand, prepared
to throw it if necessary, as he opened the door.

It wasn't necessary.

Aimery de Cabaret sat on the end of the table, the
bloody remains of his woolen wrap draped across his
lap, single-mindedly licking the last drops from his
fingers. He ignored both Crepin and Eon but for a
single, pale-eyed glance that took them both in and
dismissed them from immediate consideration. The
remains of the two prisoners lay sprawled across each
other, surrounded by surprisingly little blood. Eon let
his vision slip across the boundary between physical
and spiritual sight and scrutinized their guest care-
fully. His halo was vibrating with a tightly contained
cycle of fury-fear-frustration, the emotions strong but
well under control.

He let his vision slip back just as Aimery finished
licking his hands clean and looked up.

"I trust that the meal was to your satisfaction,
Ambassador?" Eon asked, formally, choosing to ig-
nore the fact that they were standing in the middle of
areeking abattoir and that the ambassador in question
was hardly dressed in accord with his office.

Aimery tilted his head and regarded him steadily;
for a moment, Eon was reminded of a great stalking
cat. Then, "I would have enjoyed it more had I not
been subjected to the indignities it took to acquire it.
You seem to have me at a disadvantage, my lord."

"Tam Eon de l'Etoile. This is my companion,
Crepin de Beaumont." Crepin managed a passably
civil bow from the neck, and Aimery inclined his head
slightly in acknowledgment. "I regret the circum-
stances that forced us to bring you here by such means,
but I doubted that you would respond favorably to a
request for parley. I ask that you accept both my
apologies and my hospitality."

Aimery had a near-perfect diplomatic mask, but,
even so, the surprise at this registered in his expression
before it was smoothed carefully away. "The Prince of
Béziers. I will admit my astonishment now. You are...
not quite what I imagined you to be."

"Nor are you, Ambassador."

He was silent fora moment, than nodded slightly.
"T would avail myself of your hospitality, as you offer it
freely. A bath would not be unwelcome. Nor," he
wrinkled his nose slightly, "would something a bit
more... substantial... to wear."

"T am certain that all of your needs can be met."
Eon fought hard to keep his tone from turning wry,
and mostly succeeded. "Philippe, Simon," he gestured
the ghouls forward, "please attend our honored guest."

ttt

Aimery de Cabaret had been considered many
things during his illustrious career as an Ambassador
of the Rose, but a fool had never been one of them.
During its many years of peace, the court of Queen
Esclarmonde the Black had never been the hothouse
of intrigue the Lasombra courts of Iberia or Italy
exemplified, but it had suffered its problems. If the
mortal lords of the Languedoc were truculently inde-
pendent and incapable of working together if it meant
their lives, then the Cainite lords were worse, even in
the face of armed invasion. Building coalition among
them was often an exercise in futility. Alliances were
made and broken with the passing breeze, pledges of
fealty were barely worth the air it took to speak them,
and it often behooved even the most skilled diplomat
to speak softly and travel with a fairly substantial
bodyguard. During the course of his career, Aimery
had learned when to push in an effort to better his
position and when to cut his losses and accept things
as they stood.

Sitting naked and defenseless in the hands of his
enemies, he decided that the situation could hardly be
worse and that it wasn't likely to improve through
continued resistance. Momentary submission to cir-
cumstances beyond his control could yield better
results than pointlessly breaking himself against them.
He told himself firmly, repeatedly, that it wasn't
cowardice to know when to fight and when to lay
down one's weapons.

The bath made him feel more human, after sev-
eral nights, at least, of squalid captivity. Perhaps
longer; he couldn't be certain. Torpor did strange
things to his awareness of time, though he doubted
that it had been longer than a week; he had woken
ravenously hungry but not as emaciated as he could
have been. He forced himself not to linger on the faces
of the boys whose lives had quenched the agony of his
hunger-frenzy; there was nothing he could do to atone
for their deaths, not now.

The clothes that were laid out for him were cut to
his size, plain and serviceable but of good quality. He
was, naturally, not accorded the advantage ofa weapon
— he wondered what had happened to his sword.

i A
a Va =~ a Sard he —— , :
i Sea [a + RIGHT OF PRINCES + = aa s. z,
<n ME aie ; a 5S f 4


He wondered also why he hadn't simply been
killed while he was staked and helpless. Eon de l'Etoile
had surprised him... more than surprised him, really.
He had expected a Montfortian example of northern
"chivalry" from the appointed Prince of Béziers. Eon
de l'Etoile had a reputation among Esclarmonde's
partisans as both a grasping liege and a religious
fanatic who had torn up and subjugated half the
county in a relentless quest for both wealth and
heretics to burn. Aimery allowed that he might very
well still be somewhat addled in the head from his
recent ordeal, but Eon de I'Etoile had actually seemed
almost polite. He could not afford, though, to presup-
pose or prejudge — something was going on here, and
he would need all his wits and clear-headed judgment
to navigate the situation successfully.

an
rt

Aimery presented himself in a gratifyingly short
period of time, arriving in the solar still slightly damp
from the bath and looking substantially more alert and
more wary. His gaze flicked around the room, taking in
everyone and their positions, lingering longest on the
Mouse, who stood half-obscured in the darkest corner
and whom his roving glance located last. Eon rose to
greet him, as was proper, offered an abbreviated bow
and gestured for Aimery to take one of the several seats
scattered about the large central table that was, along
with the map spread across it, the room's main feature.
"Please be welcome, Ambassador. If there is anything
you desire, you have but to ask it."

He looked decidedly skeptical about that and didn't
trouble to soften or conceal the expression in any way.
Nor did he sit, remaining standing, well muscled arms
crossed loosely over his chest. "If 1 desired my liberty,
would you grant me that, Prince of Béziers?"

Eon felt a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth
anda brief flash of admiration; something could be said,
after all, for cutting directly to the heart of the matter. "I
fear, Ambassador, that I cannot grant that request, at
this moment, for your protection as well as my own." He
gestured to the chair directly across from his own.
"Please, sit. We have much to discuss and little time in
which to do so. The summer nights are short."

"And the current crusading season no doubt re-
quires your fullest attention." Aimery glanced pointedly
down at the map spread between them, held down at
the corners by carved stone weights in the shape of
rearing horses and scattered with more than a dozen
wooden counters, carved with the arms of the Cainites
they represented. But he did seat himself, not quite
relaxing his spine enough to touch the low, unpadded
back of the chair.

"In more ways than one, I assure you. I wish to be
honest with you, Ambassador. If I could take back the

oe = >

events that brought you here and seek a better way to
accomplish that task, I would in a moment. I cannot,
the deed is done." He hoped that the diplomat was
taking him seriously; it was difficult to tell, now that
he was on his guard, his face as still as a millpond. "I
willadmit inall frankness that the perception that you
are my prisoner is one of the reasons you are still with
us tonight."

The corner of Aimery's mouth quirked slightly,
the expression not quite evolving into a true smile.
"The perception of imprisonment isn't all that much
different from the reality, Prince, though I can appre-
ciate the distinction when the other option is no
doubt the stake. I'm certain that some of your more...
bloodthirsty colleagues called for just that."

"They did. Youcan be certain that there was some
grumbling when I denied the request. Your name is
not unknown among the more militant members of
your clan. They seem to consider your existence
somewhat offensive." Eon gestured the Mouse forward
and she emerged from her corner, carrying a heavy
satchel, good-quality leather tooled with the white
rose that designated its owner a diplomatic agent. She
set it on the table in front of him, and he accepted it,
gravely, courteously, paying no untoward attention to
the misshapen hands that performed the deed. Eon
was silently proud. The Mouse wasas rigorously cleanly
as the limitations of her form allowed. She took no
special delight in wallowing in filth and degradation
as so many of her clanmates did, and always worried
that her presence at the meeting table might poison
the opinions of those who equated form with virtue.

Aimery opened the courier's satchel, examined its
contents briefly, then set it aside. "You've displayed good
sense and good honor in the few hours that I've been
awake to know you, Prince. If you display good faith as
well, | might be forced to sharply revise the opinion my
lady Queen holds of you. Perhaps we should discuss why
you considered keeping me undead against the whims of
your own people to be a good bargain?"

"Indeed. You observed, | think ironically, that the
current crusading season requires much of my atten-
tion. You are, unfortunately, correct, though not in
the way I believe you meant." Eon rose and gestured at
the map. "You see before you the nights as I see them.
There, in Foix, is the Court of Queen Esclarmonde,
surrounded by her partisans, protected and unassail-
able in her mountain fastness. There, in Carcassonne,
is the wealthiest city in the old Trencavel territories,
and around it half a dozen would-be princes squab-
bling for the leverage that will allow them to dispose
of their rivals. There, in Narbonne, the Tremere squat
while they and their supporters dig God alone knows
what out of the mountains. My sources tell me they're


at war with another band of heathen sorcerers. And
here I sit in Béziers, rebuilding the city, while every
summer a new crop of land-hungry young idiots de-
scends from the north in the hope of carving out a
domain for themselves, from the lands of whoever
happens to be there first when they arrive, heretic or
clansman alike."

"Nota particularly comfortable position to be in, I'll
allow." His tone clearly stated, Get to the point, Prince.

"I will be honest. I'm weary of it. We," Eon
glanced around the room, at Isarn, stolidly standing
guard at the door, at Crepin, cleaning his nails by the
fireplace with the point of one of his shorter knives, at
the Mouse, adjusting the drape of her sleeves to hide
her hands more completely, "are weary of it. | was
made Prince of Béziers when the smoke was still rising,
barely a month after every living thing inside its walls
was butchered and the city put to the torch. It was not
because I was deemed the most worthy of my compan-
ions, or even the most capable, but because it would
keep me out of the way. They set me to the task of
rebuilding a city from the ashes our ambitions had
made of it, while the older, more worthy members of
our crusade went on to try to claim the richer priz
Carcassonne and Toulouse and Narbonne. But I have
done what they still have not. Béziers rises again but
Toulouse bows to no northern Prince, nor does
Carcassonne. They look upon what we have achieved
with our efforts, our sweat and our blood, and they do
not seek to emulate it. They seek to undo it. To take
it for themselves."

"My pity would be greater if you hadn't done what
they seek to do, only earlier."

"Your bitterness and anger are understandable
too, Ambassador. By right, this city is a subject of
Queen Esclarmonde, but by war and by politics it has
been alienated utterly from her. I tell you now that I
have no intention of bending knee to her and suing
meekly for her permission to rule what I have claimed
here. Neither will I permit everything that we have
accomplished to be undone by the short-sighted power-
mongering and crude manipulations of our northern
kin." Eon took his seat again and watched Aimery's
face closely as he prepared his next salvo. "I do not
propose anything so grandiose as an alliance — but I
do acknowledge, as one ruler to another, that Queen
Esclarmonde and I have more in common with each
other than with the current crop of opportunists
threatening to burn down all that we've built up. I
would seek, through you, an arrangement of mutual
benefit for us all."

Aimery's courtly mask slipped, for just a moment,
and beneath it was frank amazement. He recovered
himself quickly enough when he realized that Eon was

in deadly earnest. "I... fear that I am not empowered
to negotiate on my Queen's behalf without first con-
sulting her, Prince of Béziers."

"And I do not propose that you try. Rather, I
propose that you remain here, in Béziers, as my hon-
ored guest," he stressed the words carefully, "where I
may personally see to your security. The roads are not
safe for one of your reputation, as both a Cathar
sympathizer and a partisan of Queen Esclarmonde.
Your presence here tonight is proof enough of that. I
will place my diplomatic resources, such as they are, at
your disposal, to arrange secure communications with
the Queen's Court, that you may consult with her and
negotiate on my behalf, in good faith."

"Just say ‘honored hostage' and get it over with,
Prince." Aimery replied, dryly. He reached out and
plucked the wooden marker that sat atop Foix from
the map, turning it in his fingers as he considered, the
black rose of Queen Esclarmonde disappearing and
reappearing a dozen times before he finally spoke. "For
what it's worth, Eon de l'Etoile, I think that you're in
earnest, and mean it when you say you desire an end
to the wanton destruction that bleeds my — our —
land dry. I also think that by taking this action, you're
choosing a harder road than you know... not everyone
appreciates the finer points of warfare conducted with
words. Your more hotheaded kinsmen, to choose an
object example." He looked up, and carefully replaced
Queen Esclarmonde's marker. "But I will also say that
nothing has ever been gained by refusing even to try,
and if by some means I may serve my Queen and my
people by making peace between them and you, I shall
do it."

He

The summer passed quickly, spurred on by the
sudden flurry of diplomatic activity traveling the
roads between Béziers and Foix.

Aimery, almost despite himself, was not entirely
displeased with his current position as most favored
hostage of the illustrious Prince of Béziers. Loath as he
normally was to admit the good qualities of northern
interlopers in general, and overbearing northern
Ventrue interlopers in particular, he was forced to
acknowledge that while Eon de l'Etoile might be
many things, a weak-livered politician wasn't one of
them. If he'd managed to fall anywhere but at the
bottom of an overpopulated Ventrue dynastic line, he
might very well have been the prince of some affluent
and influential northern city long since. His intelli-
gence and wit alone should have been enough to win
him a crown, but coupled with good sense and a
willingness to actually listen to and implement the
advice his counselors gave, they marked him as a rare
Cainite indeed, northern or southern. It made work-

HT-OF PRIN

sets co eet


ing closely with him as they hammered out the details
of proposal and counterproposal, offer and demand,
and the polite rejection of the same, more than merely
tolerable. He caught himself enjoying his work more
than he had in decades and wondered if that rendered
him disloyal to the Queen he had sworn to serve, and
if so how.

He also found himself getting along passably well
with the Prince's small circle of advisors. Isarn de
Voisins was a political nonentity as far as the court of
Béziers was concerned. Theoretically, cultivating him
could potentially yield access to the Prince's ear.
Practically, Aimery suspected that Eon kept him in
Béziers on the principle that every good prince needed
at least one vassal who would show all the moral
reluctance of a wolf if he pointed and shouted, "Kill!"
Any more refined considerations were strictly outside
of Isarn's purview and everyone endeavored to keep it
that way.

The Mouse, as she was called, was a far subtler sort
of operator, and he found himself liking her against his
better judgment. For one thing, she was Occitanian
herself and practical to the core; she had seen which
way the wind was blowing and had decided to bend
with it when the chance arrived. He didn't suppose he
could blame her, having witnessed first-hand the
results of conspicuous defiance. In any other court, her
status as a Low Clan guttersnipe would have earned
her contempt and a place lurking in the sewers when
her prince had no use for her, but in the patchwork
social structure of Béziers, she was accorded respect
second only to the prince himself. Aimery recognized
in her the sort of methodical intellect that led to
careful, detailed planning and decisions made in blood
far colder than any Eon de !'Etoile himself usually
mustered. She wasn't hobbled, in any way, by the
slightest chivalrous impulse. He also recognized be-
tween them a surprising amount of common ground;
they both loathed the Cainite Heresy to the core of
their beings, she with a venom that melted all of her
customary cool logic.

Of all of the Prince's advisors, only Crepin de
Beaumont remained deliberately standoffish, having
as little to do with him as possible; Aimery supposed
he wasn't entirely surprised by that. Crepin soundly
disapproved of the current round of diplomatic sorties,
preferring results of the more tangible variety, ones
that dulled the edge of his sword in the implementa-
tion stage. At the moment, he was a fighter without a

+ PRELUDE +

eeihresainies

fight, except for the regular, somewhat less than
conclusive skirmishes that regularly broke out be-
tween the partisans of various belligerent Languedocien
lords, Cainite and otherwise, and other northerners.

Aimery privately hoped that he'd have the chance
to keep Crepin frustrated for a good length of time.

ttt

Eon was sitting in the haven's small, enclosed
garden when Aimery found him, carrying a courier's
satchel and flushed with something resembling triumph.
Eon put down the yellowed leaf he was holding and rose
to meet the ambassador. "Good news, I take it?"

"See for yourself." Aimery handed hima letter, its
wax seal already broken; Eon raised a brow and ac-
cepted it, scanning its contents quickly by the light of
the single lamp he had brought with him.

Aslow, satisfied smile spread across his face. "This
is... excellent. Far better than I had hoped."

"I can only agree with that. I had genuinely thought
that the exchange of artifacts pertaining to the Heresy
would be a much more significant sticking point... it
simply goes to show, even I can be surprised." Aimery's
diplomatic face dissolved in a brief, almost impish grin
before settling into lines of deep satisfaction.

"Will you as in the formal wording of the
agreement? You've put as much work into this as
anyone, I would hate to have it all usurped by some
clerk with a gift for pithy diplomatic phrasing."

"Thavea gift for pithy diplomatic phrasing, Prince
Eon, so, yes, I would be pleased to assist in thatas well."
Dryly. "Fortunately for you, my Queen Esclarmonde
has formally requested of me that I remain at your
court to act as liaison between Béziers and Foix."

Eon looked up from the folio and blinked, sur-
prised. "Should I offer my congratulations at the
promotion or my condolences at the exile?"

"Congratulations, if you will. You have no idea
how boring Foix is in the winter. Béziers may be many
things, but boring hasn't yet been one of them." He
paused momentarily, then soldiered on. "There is but
one thing I would ask of you, as | appear to be
remaining here for the foreseeable future."

"What might that be?" Eon asked, somewhat warily.

"My name is Aimeric, not Aimery. I'm going to
teach you how to pronounce it correctly if it's the last
thing that I do."

Eon couldn't help but laugh.



"Union gives strength."
— Aesop

The Dark Medieval is by no means an easy time in which
to live. A war between neighboring lords or a passing
Crusade can wipe out one's livelihood. A plague or famine
can decimate a Cainite's herd or fell the hardiest of a
werewolf Kinfolk. Soldiers of the Holy Mother Church
seek out what they consider demons and, ironically, some-
times find and destroy well-meaning night folk and miss the
true monsters altogether. Dangers, mundane and supernatu-
ral, lurk in the European landscape, and no being, no matter
the occult power at his fingertips, can escape them forever.

This, above any desire for community or fellowship, is
why the members of the Clans of Caine bond together into
coteries. An individual vampire is easy prey for the Inquisi-
tion or a more powerful Cainite, but a group of vampires,
even neonates, can claim Domain over a village and eke out
a comfortable existence.

- INFRODUGTION -

seeniieiacimaeonel se


Likewise, the mages profit by association. The
pagan" Fellowships, while not organized in any real
sense, form cabals for sheer survival. The Order of
Hermes and Ahl-i-Batin band together to share ideas
and sometimes simply out of lust for power, and the
Messianic Voices ride the coattails of the Church to
glory. Mages of any stripe, however, discover the same
thing: Alone, they have weaknesses. In company,
they have allies.

Of course, Gaia's defenders know this only too
well. They have for centuries formed packs like their
lupine brethren and bonded together spiritually by
following a particular totem spirit. Beyond this con-
nection, however, a pack of Garou can wield subtle (or
brazen) influence over a stretch of land, either overtly
or through Kinfolk. The Garou see themselves as the
soldiers and defenders of the Earth itself; surely they
have the right to claim the land?

Finally, the shadow Inquisition rises to combat
the forces of Hell. The forces of the Adversary thrive
wherever humans live and breathe, feeding on their
sin and sometimes their very flesh and blood. There-
fore, the Most Holy Inquisition Contra Diabolum enim
et alii Daemones must likewise make its strongholds in
and near the cities and towns of Christendom. If,
along the way, it winds up accruing a bit of temporal
power, surely that power is used in the Glory of God?

Strength in Numbers

Dark Ages: Vampire introduced the notion of
"pooling" Backgrounds. The basic idea behind this is
for players to merge their characters' interests and
wind up with a substantial power base, rife with story
possibilities. Space restrictions prevented us from
expounding on those possibilities too much in the
core book. Likewise, Dark Ages: Mage, Dark Ages:
Inquisitor and Dark Ages: Werewolf have all in-
cluded brief notes on how the Background pooling
process functions for those particular characters. Again,
the potential inherent in this deserves more atten-
tion. It also lends itself to certain abuses — a troupe of
five players could conceivably create a Background
pool of 100 dots (if they used all available Background
points and bonus points). The Storyteller probably
requires some assistance in adjudicating Background
pools.

Likewise, what if a troupe playing under Vam-
pire: The Dark Ages rules wishes to forma Background
pool? What if the troupe did not pool Backgrounds at
the outset but wishes to form a pool later?

Departing from mechanics for a moment, when
discussing power bases, it behooves us to know the
attitudes of both common man and supernatural be-

oY > ae er aa

__: RIGHT OF PRING Dwg wer a =353)

ing in the Dark Medieval. How do the Tzimisce view
their twisted fiefdoms? What is it like to live in a
Garou sept? What kind of place would a Hermetic
mage choose to build his sanctum, given the choice?

Defense of the home is also a consideration. Dark
Ages: Vampire did not include rules for making (or
suffering the effects of) traps, nor did it give anything
but the most cursory attention to defending a haven
from attackers. When building a Domain, however
(or a chantry, or a chapter-house), this information
becomes critical. This, in turn, requires the Storyteller
to have some knowledge of what houses were made of
in AD 1230.

Right of Princes covers all of these topics, and
more besides.

Demesne

Throughout this book, the reader will find refer-
ences to "demesne" and "demesne Backgrounds." This
refers to the physical area, be it a building, a stretch of
land or a village, that a Background pool covers. A
demesne Background is one of the four Background
Traits (namely Domain, Chantry, Chapter-House,
and Hunting Grounds) that a demesne might com-
prise. These Backgrounds, while probably the most
logical and common Anchor Backgrounds for Back-
ground pools, are not required to be Anchors by any
means. A pack of Garou might dwell ina city and have
no Hunting Grounds to its name, but still build up a
Background pool based on Kinfolk or Contacts. A
coterie might command only a small tract of road, but
feed freely on the travelers along that tract (resulting
in a Background pool with Herd as the Anchor).

How to Use This Book

Right of Princes is meant as a resource for Story-
tellersand players alike. Players can use itas inspiration
for their own characters' views of land, demesne,
rulership and distribution of resources. When creating

k MEDIEVAL
‘ Right of Princes is the first
book of its

not just to ¢

ype: a sourcebook dedicated
iinites, but to all four of the major

ges

"races" of supernatural beings in the Dark

line. That does not mean, however, that you need
Dark Ages: Mage, Inquisitor and Werewolf to
understand and use this book. Right of Princes is
equally useful for any one of the Dark Ages
zames. This will also be the case for future Dark
Medieval products, including this book's forth
coming sister title, Spoils of War.


characters, and especially when combining Back-
grounds, consider how your character looks at land. Is
land a birthright, something the character has been
promised since childhood? Is it something she works
but can never truly own? Or is the land steeped in
mystical power, creating a bond between the land and
those who live off it? Storytellers can use Right of
Princes for story seeds, for aid in wrangling a troupe's
demesne and, of course, for designing opponents'
strongholds and power bases.

Chapter by Chapter

Prelude: Diplomatic Action shows the aftermath
of ambition and how one Cainite works within a
difficult situation.

Introduction: The part you're reading now.

Chapter One: The King's Domain. This chapter
explains what the various inhabitants of the Dark
Medieval search for in a demesne, how they use the

resources they can gather to empower themselves, and
how the all of the Backgrounds might be useful as
Anchors.

Chapter Two: Home and Hearth explores the
mystical connection between ruler and land and the
concept of home, even as it applies to otherwise
monstrous beings. This chapter includes a thorough
discussion of Holy Ground and what it means to
defend — and defile — such sacred places.

Chapter Three: Guarding the Gates. Every de-
mesne comes under attack eventually. This chapter
discusses how best to defend one's home, both by
setting traps and by strengthening the walls. It also
discusses hiring and using guards and how to maintain
and establish Background pools.

Chapter Four: Shadow Demesnes describes four
"sample" Background pools, complete with fleshed-
out characters, for use as simple inspiration or
ready-to-use locales.

. — a ~ See as be - ~ an \ ~ ~

i

SS =

Uf

.

S

L


DOMAIN

Princes are like heavenly bodies, which cause good or
evil times, and which have much veneration but no rest.

— Sir Francis Bacon, "Of Empire"

Power.

The very sound of the word conjures images into the minds of
those who hear it — the ruler enthroned in wealth and security,
minions scraping to make real her every whim; the scholar bent
over his books, laboring to bring his vision to light and shape the
minds of the next generation; the general on the battlefield,
forging victory out of bloodshed; the priest before his altar,
dispensing the benefices and condemnations of divinity itself.
Power is one of the most ephemeral and amorphous concepts ever
to influence the circus of mortal endeavor, as well as one of the
most hungrily sought after. To each individual who answers its
siren call, it means different things. To some, power is the freedom
to do as one wills. To others, power is control, the unassailable
right to command others to do one's will and expect it to be done.
To still others, power is money, the wealth to purchase both
freedom and control, and to the Devil with such trifles as rights
and will.

SS enmencse. omer

a

-

|

\

In the Dark Medieval, many paths lead to the halls
of power, and many hopeful souls walk those paths.
Cainite manipulators skulk in the shadows of the great
cities and the modest country towns, their ambitions
tied to the actions of bishops and princes, jongleurs and
moneylenders, the local shire reeve and the castellan
of the King. Sorcerers and philosophers lurk in the
libraries of the rising universities and the secretive
trade guilds, profiting both from the flow of increasing
commerce and the free exchange of ideas, debating
everything from the market price of an ounce of
saffron to the inevitable perfection of the world. War-
tiors in the battle for the soul of mankind travel both
the roads few others would dare walk and the halls of
the house of God, shining the light of their faith into
dark corners, bringing judgment to the things they
find lurking there.

All seekers of power in the Dark Medieval era
work within the same social, political and economic
structures, manipulating those structures to cause re-
sources to flow in their direction. Politically and
socially speaking, feudalism remains the predominant
governing force in most of Western Europe, and the
one that all would-be secular princes must navigate
successfully. A highly codependent mode of gover-
nance, feudalism relies on webs of theoretically
reciprocal relationships to achieve its ends: the exploi-
tation of natural resources, the administration of secular
law and the maintenance of a civil society. Politically,
feudalism is all about resource management, exercis-
ing control through the very basic mechanism that
whoever owns the land also owns the power. Most of
Europe is carved up into political units in this fashion.
In theory, all of the land belongs to the reigning
monarch, who graciously parcels it out to the nobility
for their support and exploitation and from whom he
receives service and revenue in return. The nobles, in
their turn, parcel it out to the humbler folk to actually
be exploited in return for their own subsistence and
protection. This system, naturally, works better in
theory than in practice, and there are multitudes of
both exceptions and proofs to the general rule.

Socially, feudalism has had the effect of producing
a society of stratified layers in which everyone theo-
retically knows his place and keeps to it, from the
highest crowned heads to the meanest villeins. In
practice, the feudal class system is a good deal less rigid
than it appears on the surface due to a number of
factors, not the least of which is a decidedly muddy
legal system that's still working out the kinks of what
it means to be "free" and what it means to be "bound,"
what sort of property may be legitimately owned by

——

SSS S..

ko vA

* RIGHT OF PRINCES - 2

saaisenneinaan'

each "class" of free and bound individuals, and what
sorts of rights citizens at all levels actually possess.
Upward and downward mobility can, indeed, occur
within all "classes" and even between most "classes" —
even the highest nobles can find themselves reduced
to outlawry and penury in the shifting winds of feudal
social and political changes, and a lucky peasant can
find himself living the sort of life his father never
dreamed of, should his ambition and his circum-
stances happily collide.

Naturally, it is a good deal easier for a privileged
individual to fall from a position of wealth and power
than it is fora humble individual to rise to occupy one.
A manor-bound villein is liable to remain a manor-
bound villein for life, though a sufficiently ambitious
individual may acquire a position of considerable
responsibility in his community, with all the atten-
dant rights and privileges, opportunities and duties,
attached thereto. The "third estate" of the common
folk is, nonetheless, the most widely varied of the
three pillars of Dark Medieval society. A noble is a
noble and a churchman is a churchman, but a com-
moner may be a free landowning villein, a humble
crofter, an urban working man, a banker, a prosperous
merchant, an engineer, a craftsman or an influential
city councilor.

Standing slightly outside, and yet intrinsically
connected to, this basic political/social structure is
the Church. The Church is actually the second-
largest landholding entity in the medieval body politic,
which, from a feudal standpoint, grants it enormous
clout in terms of pure wealth derived from direct
resource exploitation. Whole regions provide sub-
stantial portions of their produce to the maintenance
of abbeys and nunneries, great monasteries and the
local village parish. All levels of society pour wealth
into the Church's coffers in terms of oblatory offerings
of land, money and even mortal resources, in the
hopes of obtaining favors both secular and sacred as
well as from genuine displays of piety. Until recently,
the Church also more or less directly controlled most
sources of education; it remains the most literate
segment of a society where literacy is only slowly
expanding to include more than the monied elite. In
addition to great temporal power, the Church is also
the main font of spiritual power in the medieval era,
guiding as it does the hearts and minds of all
Christendom, from the ruler on the throne to the serf
laboring in the fields. As the representatives of God
on Earth, the princes of the Church exert the sort of
influence that many secular heads of state can only
dream of.


St the Country

In the medieval era, the vast majority of the
mortal populace dwells not in the city, but in the
country. The village is the primary mode of communal
organization and is devoted almost exclusively to
organized agricultural production — open-field farm-
ing, the lifeblood of the peasant economy since the
Iron Age. Villages sprout up anywhere with enough
arable land to make a go of farming, meadowland for
the pasturage of livestock, forest for forage, and water
to power a mill, to irrigate the fields and to drink. This
is not to say that villages are the same all over Europe.
In the Mediterranean areas of Europe, the village
typically clusters around a castle or fortified villa, on
a hilltop, surrounded by its own wall, with the fields,
vineyards, animal enclosures and pasturage areas lo-
cated on the plains below the hill. In the northwestern
areas of Europe, the village tends to center around
either the church or the local manor house, with the
dwellings of the inhabitants occupying the center of
the village and the cultivated fields, pasturage mead-
ows, marshes and forests surrounding it for some
distance. An average-sized village tends to number
about 100 residents; a large and prosperous village can
contain as many as 300 residents.

The one thing the vast bulk of villages and their
inhabitants have in common is their place in the
greater body of feudal society. The feudal system of
governance essentially unites the highest levels of
European society (i.e., the nobility) in a series of
codependent relationships. A lord grants land to a
vassal in return for military and other services; lord
and vassal swear reciprocal oaths of protection and
loyalty; the vassal receives his fief to hold in trust for
his lord and to draw revenue from for his own support.
The same holds true at the level of the fief itself. Most
fiefs are divided up into land-management units known
as "manors," with villages considered to be part of the
manor and the residents of the village being the
individuals most directly responsible for cultivating
and exploiting the land for their own benefit and that
of their lord.

Every village has a lord either secular or ecclesias-
tical, but only rarely is the lord an actual resident of
the manor from which he draws his livelihood. Resi-
dent lords are usually petty knights who hold only the
one manor or middling lords who hold several manors
and travel among them throughout the year. Greater
lords (earls, counts, abbots, bishops) can hold scores of
manors which they never see, administering them
solely through proxies. Greater or lesser, the lord of

the demesne occupies several essential economic roles.
He is the estate manager, as only the lord has the
power to license village markets and fairs, thus giving
the resident villeins a place both to sell their own
goods and/or agricultural surplus, and to purchase
goods they can't produce themselves. He is the chief
consumer of the manor's surplus (if any) and the
landlord to whom the resident villeins owe work
service (a set number of days per week that the
villagers work the lord's fields rather than their own),
harvest service or rent in either money or goods.
Finally, he wields judicial authority through the ad-
ministration of the manorial court, the primary means
of addressing most low-level civil and criminal
and from which he derives another source of income
in the form of fines, fees and confiscations of property.

es,

Most resident landlords oversee the management
of their own fiefs with the service of a steward or
seneschal and a support staff of lesser assistants. These
servants aid in the keeping of the manorial accounts
and the collection of the various rents, fines, fees and
duties a tenant is required to pay. Numerous instruc-
tional tracts written by successful landlords exist for
the benefit of others in their class to refer to for advice

and instruction on everything from dealing with ten-
ants whose rents are perpetually in arrears to the
standards that should be adhered to when selecting
assistants.

Most absentee landlords supervise their manors
through appointed officials. These officials — gener-
ally the seneschal, the bailiff and the reeve — are not
only his material presence in any given manor, they
are also the key executives of the entire manorial
system of governance.

The estate seneschal is the lord's chief deputy, the
manager for the entire complex of lands and mortal
resources. The seneschal's primary duty is to guard and
increase his lord's properties and to defend his rights
and franchises, generally through periodic visitation
of his lord's manors, supervision of their activities, the
auditing of their accounts and representation of his
lord's interests in court both on and off the estate.
Secular lords generally employ knights as their sen-
eschals; ecclesiastical lords tend to call upon other
clerics. Knight-seneschals are generally compensated
for this service through land grants of their own, while
cleric-seneschals are generally remunerated with the
proceeds derived from a parish church.

The bailiff combines two major responsibilities in
the manor — chief law enforcement officer and ma-
norial business manager. The bailiff, more than even
the seneschal, acts as the village's link to its lord, as he


at + te

represents the needs of the lord to the villeins and vice
versa. He also acts as the physical protector of the
village under his jurisdiction, warding it from violence
and theft committed by outsiders as well as the resi-
dent villagers. Most importantly, however, he directly
oversees the day-to-day management of the manor,
making certain that crops and livestock are properly
looked after, not too much is stolen or damaged, and
that the village has everything it needs in terms of
supplies purchased from outside. Many medieval trea-
tises on land management enjoin lords from selecting
family or friends to occupy the position of bailiff,
advising that the post be filled solely on the basis of
personal merit and good character. The bailiff enjoys
one of the finest medieval compensation packages of
any manorial official. He is generally entitled to dwell
in the local manor house (often, the bailiff and his
family are the sole residents of the manor house),
draws a cash salary plus perquisites such as clothing
and oblation, and has access to a fairly substantial
manorial expense account.

Serving under the bailiff is a full staff of subordi-
nate officials, generally elected by the villagers
themselves, with the most prominent such office
being the reeve. The reeve is always a villein and,
usually, the most prosperous individual in a given
village: the best husbandman or the free owner of the
largest amount of the village's own land. His main
duty is the direct oversight of his fellow villagers' work
obligations, making certain that those who owe labor
service either attend promptly or provide an adequate
substitute, supervising the plowing of the fields and
the penning and folding of the livestock, and other
such tasks. In some villages, the reeve also oversees the
sale of agricultural produce and the collection of rents.
In most, he is the person responsible for maintaining
and reporting the village's annual account of works
performed by the tenant villeins. This record includes
the amounts of rents collected or in arrears, the
receipts of sales, the outlay for manorial expenses and
deliveries of produce, payments remitted to individu-
als for services rendered to the demesne and the "issue
of the grange" (the total yearly accounting of the grain
harvest yield and the produce of livestock). For his
services, the reeve receives no cash compensation but
is instead exempted from the normal villein labor
obligations and generally receives at least some of his
meals at the manor house table, along with conces-
sions such as grazing rights or oblation money at major
Christian holidays.

The vast majority of most of the villagers themselves
are, technically, free men — and, in the Dark Medieval

era, that distinction is extremely technical. Being a
villein isnot the sameas beingaslave, though itno doubt
feels that way at times. Tenant villeins usually own their
own land, but in return for their right to hold it, they owe
their lords substantial labor services, are subject to the
justice, fines and fees of the manorial courts (having no
access to the royal courts of law that govern the nobility)
and generally also owe rent in cash or goods. Nonethe-
less, villeins can and do prosper, and some fortunate
individuals even become quite wealthy in terms of both
money and land ownership, though never quite as
comfortable as their lords.

Su the City

For centuries after the collapse of the Roman
Empire, there was nothing that resembled a city to be
found in most of western Europe. The Roman model
of the city asa central hub of cultural, legal, economic
and religious activities for any given region was aban-
doned. The ever-present risk of military invasion and
the utter collapse of commerce in the face of wide-
spread, catastrophic agricultural failures made the
support of such a grand social institution impossible.
Eventually, towns and cities began to re-emerge from
the ashes of the Empire, only now they orbited a
different nucleus. Whereas the Romans tended to
build cities around legionary military encampments,
the people of the Dark Medieval era tend to build
them around churches.

Legally, in the Middle Ages a "city" is the seat of
a bishop and comprises a cathedral and its dependent
population of farmers, craftsmen and merchants. An
urban center without an ecclesiastical authority at its
center is a "town." The Dark Medieval era is currently
witnessing a nearly unprecedented explosion in the
size and importance of both sorts of urban centers. The
10th and 11th centuries saw vast improvements in
agricultural technology, the end result of which was a
dramatic surge in both available food supply and
population. The 12th century saw a sudden jump in
commerce — the excess supplies of food needed an
outlet, the ancient art of mining (for silver, iron and
tin) was rediscovered and widely disseminated, woolen
cloth manufactured in northern Europe found an
outlet in the Mediterranean, and everyone wanted
access to the luxury goods that the Mediterranean
nations could bring to market. This same trend con-
tinues well into the 13th century.

Atthe core of the new movement of urban expan-
sion lies the concept of the commune, an idea imported
from the almost fantastically wealthy and powerful

Pay a= — LS pede one gl x we y
i hte _/. = = "RIGHT OF PRINCES - Pe Sa ES FSS


Italian city-states of Venice, Milan, Genoa and Flo-
rence. The commune is a sworn association of all the
businessmen in a given town, who are almost invari-
ably of commoner stock. In Italy, where the nobility
never shed the old Roman habit of living in towns,
many nobles went into business and helped found and
refine the nature of the commune. In northern Eu-
rope, nobles and clergy are both specifically excluded
from membership in commune councils. The upshot
of this was an alliance of all the local merchants —
cloth merchants, silver- and goldsmiths, produce
merchants, wine sellers, armorers and any other skilled
craftsmen — who closed ranks to assert and defend
their rights against their feudal and ecclesiastical
overlords. The simple act of settling in a town or city,
rather than in the manor-bound countryside, essen-
tially provided a complete escape from the feudal
duties normally imposed on the average medieval
individual.

Naturally, this development was not greeted with
cheers of glee from all quarters. The commune move-
ment is particularly opposed by ecclesiastical
authorities, who correctly assessed the danger the
growing cities pose to the sessile social order from
which the Church benefits. Commune-cities are regu-
larly accused of promoting heresy, declaring war on
the clergy, encouraging skepticism and sundry other
offenses against the clergy, such as refusing to pay
feudal labor obligations to ecclesiastical overlords.
Secular lords tend to take a much more pragmatic
view of the situation, reckoning the commune move-
ment as beneficial to the successful development of
towns and, thus, to the enhancement of their own
revenues. Taxes, tithes and fees paid by busy prosper-
ous merchants are just as good as the same paid by poor
villeins and much more likely to come in the form of
cold, hard cash or useful goods.

Towns, cities and even rural villages have pur-
chased their collective freedoms from the old feudal
order. Precisely which freedoms are carefully codified
in the form of the town's charter. This document is
jealously guarded against all attempts to water it
down, take it back or otherwise curtail any of the
liberties it granted. City- and town-dwelling com-
moners have ceased to be known as villeins, serfs or
any other sort of servile name and have become
known, for the most part, as burghers.

Almost every burgher is also, simultaneously,
either a craftsman or a merchant. His house usually
doubles not only as the dwelling place for his entire
family and of his servants, but also as his workshop and
the showroom for his wares. Related crafts tend to

congregate on city streets, which thereafter usually
carry the name of the trade being conducted on them.
The use of surnames, also generally related to craft
affi also on the
accurate taxation.

ation, i tise in order to facilitate

Guilds are prominent and prevalent in most ma-
jor towns and almost all cities, and a good number of
a city's burghers usually belong to one, particularly if
they're engaged in an important trade. Guilds regulate
both external, commercial affairs and internal affairs.
Internal guild issues generally revolve around the
codification of wages, the duration and condition of
apprenticeships, the welfare of the guild members and
their families, and the obligations and dues each
member owes to the guild as a whole. Every guild
stringently regulates commercial interaction with the
buying public since, as the major restriction of compe-
tition, the guild is also obliged to maintain and
guarantee standards of quality in its merchandise.
Guild legislation on this matter is exhaustive and
painstakingly detailed, specifying precise types and
quality of raw materials that may be used in construc-
tion of any given product, the amount of supervision
that must occur during the manufacturing process
itself and how the resultant goods may be displayed for

sale. Guild inspections are random and no mere for-
mality; scales are checked, goods minutely inspected
for flaws of other signs of substandard quality, and any
offending items immediately confiscated either for
destruction or for distribution to the poor on alms-
days. Members found to be in contravention of guild
regulations are fined up to the true market value of any
substandard goods.

The biggest businesses for most prosperous burghers
are the cloth trade (generally wool, the most widely
traded textile in the 13th century, but occasionally
branching into linen, silk and cotton) and banking.
The cloth trade is a multifaceted enterprise that, after
agriculture, is one of the major driving forces of the
13th-century economy, and also one of the most
volatile. When the textile market is strong and stable,
as it generally is, enterprising cloth barons can not
only rake in the profit for themselves, they can support
their own cottage industry of weavers, fullers, finishers
and dyers, all of whom can make a surprisingly tidy
sum for their efforts. When the textile market is weak,
as it sometimes is when war cuts the lines of commu-
nication and trade, the entire enterprise from top to
bottom suffers, though the cloth merchant himself is
the one who usually suffers least. He can, after all,
always warehouse his goods and wait the instability
out; the lesser partners in the enterprise — the afore-


mentioned weavers, fullers and dyers — are often
reduced to penury and begging in the church square in
order to feed their families.

With the profits from a successful textile venture,
a medieval entrepreneur has many avenues open to
him. Sometimes he remains in commerce, expanding
from his original textile base into more exotic realms
such as the spice, wine and metal trades. In all likeli-
hood, he will invest part of his profits in real estate,
such as purchasing a block of tenement houses in the
city to rent or forest land outside the city that can be
farmed for timber or cleared for rented pasturage.
Almost inevitably, a truly prosperous merchant will
fall into banking — which is to say, money-lending or
money-changing.

Money is a chancy thing in the Dark Medieval
era, principally because so many people enjoy the
right to strike coins. Mints are expensive to maintain
and carry with them the expectation of a good profit
margin for whoever owns them; many produce de-
based coinage as part of the effort to stretch that
margin as far as it can go. Gold is not, at this time, used
in the production of coins; silver, on the other hand,
usually is. The most common form of coinage is the
denier (also called the penny), comprised of a coppet-
zinc-silver alloy of wildly variable quality. The most
reliable denier, minted in Provins, is of thirty-three
percent fine silver; more debased coinages, with a
higher concentration of copper in their make-up,
circulate widely as well. Obols and half-obols, com-
prised entirely of copper, also circulate and constitute
the medieval equivalent of small change.

Medieval merchants and moneylenders have also
struck upon an advance that vastly improves the free
paper money. The two largest
cash denominations in the medieval marketplace
exist solely on paper, the livre (pound) and sou (shil-
ling) not yet having any coinage attached to them
that circulates regularly. (The Italian city-states have
minted a high-quality silver coin called the grosso
which constitutes the first real shilling coin, but it
rarely circulates outside of Italy.) Many business and
money-lending transactions do not involve the ex-
change of silver, but rather the exchange of paper.
These letters of credit pledge that the holder is good
fora stipulated amount of hard currency, to be paid by
the issuer of the letter, who then collects from the
debtor in either cash or goods at a later date. An even
more sophisticated method of purchase and exchange
has developed in the great fair towns, where hard
currency is slowly but surely being phased out in favor
of a system that employs the widespread use of credit

flow of commerce

negotiations that take place solely on paper and which
terminate in the delivery of verifiable-quality goods,
rather than potentially debased coinage.

Similarly, money-changing is a profession that
usually revolves around the towns and cities that host
trade fairs. Technically, these individuals are not only
entrepreneurs in their own right, they are also li-
censed officials of the fair and town in which they do
business. Money-changing is among the most strictly
regulated professions, subject to a host of ironclad
tules governing cash and credit exchange. One such
rule is that all money-changers are enjoined to remove
from circulation all debased or false coinage; another
is that they're obligated to apply exchange rates uni-
formly and fairly, whether the exchange is made for
hard or papercurrency. Anothersideline of the money-
changing business is pawn brokering. Prosperous
bankers deal with all classes, not only other mer-
chants; often members of the nobility will take out
loans, for which they will supply some item of com-
mensurate value to the banker as surety for their
ability to repay the loans. When a noble defaults on a
loan, as many do given the average nobleman's pas-
sion for living somewhat outside of his means, the
banker then unloads the "pawn" the noble patron left
in his possession in order to recoup the loss. If the
proceeds of this are insufficient to cover the debt, the
banker is well within his rights to sue a man his social
superior by several orders of magnitude for restitution,
and he's liable to win any such suit, as well. It bears
noting that usury — charging interest on lent money
— is considered a sin by the Catholic Church. As a
result, many moneylenders are Jews, since they don't
consider usury sinful.

S.

More than any other place in the Dark Medieval
realm, the growing cities and towns have the whiff of the
future about them, showing the face of things to come.

On theRights of Women

Being a woman in the 13th century is much the
same as being a woman in any age. Women are a little
oppressed and a little suppressed, more than a little
exploited and quite a lot undervalued. Social status is
the most important modifying factor in the lives of
medieval women.

A female serf or villein is not considered a "lesser"
person, though her efforts are exploited in different
ways. Most of the time, in peasant households, the
labor of men and women is differentiated along the
traditional indoor/outdoor divide — men work in the
fields, and women work in the home. Practically, this

SET" FF amas a
" /

+ 2 : a a

is only sometimes the case. A humble medieval provided they are willing to pay a large fine for the
woman's work does include spinning, weaving, sew- _ privilege.

ing, cheese-making, cooking and cleaning, all Well-to-do women occupy a slightly higher
professions that are generally associated with the stratum of status in the Dark Medieval era than
home. She also does the bulk of any foraging for their more humble sisters. The wife of a prosperous
supplemental food supplies, gardening, weeding, hay-_ burgher is no serf and cannot be treated as such; she
making, carrying and animal tending, including the _ js a person of dignity and worth, an important and
feeding, milking, washing and shearing tasks. She respected figure in her
takes part in the autumn harvest of her lord's community. High-
fields, unless specifically excused, and helps born women and
with the harvest of her family's own crops. women of the rapidly
Often, women serve as itinerant paid expanding urban
labor at harvest time, earn- "middle class" are typi-
ing as much as their male cally better educated
counterparts for identi-
cal work, though, in
general, wage mnequl-
ties heavily favor men.

than other women,
and even than some
men of the same social
class. Girls often receive
instruction from private
tutors or board in convents
that contain schools for
girls; at least one such con-
vent girl's school has been

Unmarried women
can own property and in the ab-
sence of suitable male heirs can
also inherit. Women of all
social classes have rights to
in existence since the sixth
century. Well educated
women typically know how

personal property dedicated to \
their support by law and cus-
tom. Women can sue and be
sued, make wills, make contracts
and plead their own cases be-
fore manorial and royal
courts. Married women

to read and write (sometimes
in the vernacular, sometimes
in Latin), are taught suf-
ficient mathematics to
manage household ac-
counts and are polished
with ladylike graces
~ such as embroi-
dery, singing,
poetry composition
and music.

of all classes are "un-
der the rod" of their
husbands and cannot
legally gainsay any
actions that their
husbands might take
with their property,
even if the husband
should sell it against the
wife's will. A married
woman also cannot
plead in court without her
husband nor write a will with-
out explicit consent. A
woman recovers many of the
rights that are allocated to her
husband's judgment when and running her husband's estate,
if he dies, as well as taking posses- managing the staff and makingall legal
sion of one third of his property and and financial decisions. Women have
chattels as her legal dowry. Widows can also been known to defend their lands and
be forced to remarry by their liege lords; they those of their husbands by force of arms in
can also choose their own remarriage partners

Highborn women
occupy an important
place in the rural ma-

norial society of the
nobility, often taking a
leading role in the life of
manor. When her husband
e is away from home, the woman

is the head of the household,


times of war and to conduct aggressive military actions
in retaliation for actions taken against them.
Women of the urban classes work outside the
home at a wide variety of crafts and professions. They
may be teachers, midwives, laundresses, lace-makers,
and seamstresses, and even hold places in normally
male-dominated professions — weavers, fullers, bar-
bers, carpenters, saddlers and numerous others. Wives
typically work at their husbands' crafts, and when a
man dies his widow will often continue in his trade,
teaching it to her daughters as well as her sons.
Women may not hold officer-level positions in guilds,
but they may hold guild membership, which can be

inherited by her children, male and female alike.

Politically, women have virtually no voice. Noble-
born women enjoy a slightly better standard of access
to the realms of power, where as heiresses, wards and
peers in their own right they have some readily appar-
ent value and, thus, influence. Women in high holy
orders can also exert considerable influence by virtue
‘of their positions as feudal landholders; the abbess of
a sufficiently sizeable convent can wield the sort of
authority in local politics than even an archbishop
would envy. Women of the commoner classes are
more thoroughly disenfranchised, as they are not
permitted to sit on town councils or to serve as
provosts or in other official capacities.

A VILLAGE, A MANOR Hous
SERVICE OF 2.5 KNIGHT
ark Ages: Vampire permits players the
LV option of pooling Backgrounds in order to
create a greater Domain than any one character
able toachieve alone, the better to simulate
e power dynamics. Storytellers should

might be
genuine cote
exercise a certain degree of common sense when
adjudicating what can be accomplished by doing
this, however. Just because Roderick the Ventrue,
Genevieve the Toreador, and Benvoliothe Nosferatu
between them have eight dots of Domain doesn't
mean they can purchase half of Kent and subsist
comfortably off the proceeds for the rest of their
unlives. Landholding may equal power in the Dark
Medievalage, butitalso entails the enormousamount
of effort that must go into making the land profitable.
Encourage your players to make certain their com
rsified, flexible and secure

it into their heads to create

bined resources are div
and that they don't tz
a Domain that consists of six hundred acres of rural
farmland intended for cash-cropping or strategic
renting, with nothing around but each other and a

flock of sheep to subsist on come winter.

Vampire Domains

A prince being thus obliged to know well how to act the
beast must imitate the fox and the lion, for the lion cannot
protect himself from traps, and the fox cannot defend
himself from wolves. One must therefore be a fox to
recognize traps, and a lion to frighten wolves
Niccolo Machiavelli, Il Principe

Vampires are creatures of ultimate pragmatism
when it comes to the pursuit of power. A collection of
very basic concerns lie behind all their scheming,
conniving and manipulating:
and/or comfort and, most importantly, food supply.
Vampires are the only creatures in the Dark Medie

safety, relative wealth

val
world that can be said to actually prey upon humanity
at all levels from the monetary to the physical, batten-
ing on both the economies of regions they dwell in as
well as the blood of their Herds. For this reason,
vampires tend to make both their demesnes and their
havens in areas of relatively high mortal population
— not always in the midst of the Dark Medieval
equivalent of a major metropolitan area, but any-
where that can support the appetites of one or more
Cainites, even allowing for the occasional accident.

Dwelling ina city offers several immediate advan-
tages to the enterprising Cainite, young or old, in
terms of easily accessible food supply, a wide latitude
of options when it comes to scraping together influ-
ence on mortal political and religious edifices and
access to opportunities to generate liquid wealth.
Urban domains, however, are also the ones most likely
to end up being hotly contested from multiple differ-
ent angles. After all, only so many places actually
qualify for the grandiose designation of "city" in the
Dark Medieval era. Personal domain space and safe
feeding grounds are limited, and access to these re-

most assuredly not parceled out on a
come, first-served basis. Moreover, the best pick-
ings of urban Domains are usually already claimed,
generally by elders who have held those rights since
the city itself was little more than a Roman trading
post with pretensions.

For young Cainites with their hearts set on the
establishment of an urban demesne, this leaves only a
few options. One currently popular option is the path
of the storm crow, resulting in whole coteries of young
Cainites following the sweep of mortal violence into
the realms of power. The various Crusades to the Holy
Land and Eastern Europe, the sack of Constantinople,
the wars of the Reconquista, and the wholesale slaugh-
ter of the Albigensian Crusade have torn gaping holes
in entrenched mortal and Cainite power structures,


HAVENS OF THE DAMNED

["¥ Imost as much as food and power,

Qk haven space is generally at a pre-
mium for Cainites. Their most basic needs
in terms of shelter are relatively easily met,
but most Cainites aren't content to dwell in
a windowless hovel or root cellar longer
than they absolutely have to, and generally
crave a haven that doesn't insult their dig
nity. Similarly, most Cainites tend to observe
the notion of not feeding where they sleep
— which generally necessitates locating ha-
ven space in one place, feeding grounds in
another, and any other form of demesne or
power base in still another. It often serves a
coterie well to develop a solid concept of
how to manage potentially widespread real-
estate concerns. Moreover, Cainite havens
tend to be selected with more than just
material concerns in mind; often, the road
which an individual Cainite follows has just
as much influence on where she chooses to
sleep as any other factor.

© Road of the Beast: Walkers of the Via
Bestiae are among the most primal of all
Cainites, deliberately shunning all but the
most primitive vestiges of civilization out of
contempt for the moral weakness they in-
duce rather than any exigency of politics.
They generally tend to make their havens at
the fringes of civilization, where they follow
their moral imperative to prey on humanity
like the wild things they are. While they
tend to prefer either natural havens such as
caves or relatively simple built structures,
they also tend to employ traps around their
havens more often than most other Cainites,
finding much to admire in the transposition
of natural simplicity and the cleverness of a
wise hunter.

© Road of Heaven: Followers of the Via
Caeli are defined by the extremity of their
piety, taking upon themselves a harder moral
stance than even most apparently devout
mortals. Often, their havens are defined by
the lack of accouterments of power and sta-
tus that other vampires consider their due;
rather, they embrace simplicity and humil-
ity in the size and decor of their havens, to
go bareheaded and humble before the Lord

WN,
—

a

A

of Hosts, as it were. Sometimes, but not
always, they will attempt to dwell close to
holy places such as cathedrals, mosques, syna-
gogues, saint-shrines or monasteries in order
to soak up the aura of sanctity such plac
impart as well as to enjoy the rites of their
particular religious affiliation.

© Road of Kings: Adherents to the Via
Regalis take the feudal ethic that the world was
made with a place for everything and that each
thing should occupy that place to its extreme.
Obviously, the Scions were meant by nature to
sit in the thrones of the world, and their havens
reflect this fact in tasteful or excessive displays
of wealth and status, depending on the indi-
the
down-at-the-heels or ascetic Scion will gener-
ally
real noble always lives just a trifle beyond his
means in terms of personal deportment and the
contents of his home.

© Road of Sin: Followers of the Via Peccati
tend to be a good deal subtler than they're

vidual involved. Even most

ittempt to measure up to the truism that a

usually given credit for. Only rarely does one
find a Sinner's haven to be an abattoir of
demonic horrors — their windows are not
often shielded by the tanned skin of slaugh-
tered innocents. Even they consider bed
hangings woven from pulsing entrails to. be
somewhat tacky, and whips and chains are
regarded as instruments of enlightenment,
not conversation pieces to be left lying around
the solar. If anything, Sinner havens will be
functionally indistinguishable from Scion ha-
th often leaning a bit more heavily
in the direction of maximum creature com-
fort, particularly if the Sinner's path lends
itself to sensuous excess.

* Road of Humanity: Walkers of the Via
Humanitatis stand the best chance, all told,
of possessing havens that blend in with the
common run of mankind, extolling as they
do the virtues of the mortal condition. One
particular quirk that the Prodigals have de-
veloped in their living arrangements is the

vens, thou

communal haven, a more or less dormitory
orcommune-style arrangement for those who
stress the importance of social support and
interaction in their morality.

wae

‘ :
+ CHAPTERC -
+ THE RINGS DOW


allowing the enterprising members of both species
nearly unparalleled opportunities for personal ad-
vancement. Power, like nature, despises a vacuum,
and the clash of would-be princes rushing in to fill that
void has resulted in some of the most vicious power
politicking that European Cainites have seen since
the fall of Rome. Another approach is taking a previ-
ously established demesne by force, through the
judicious application of both intrigue and violence,
sometimes up to and including diablerie. Established
Cainite elders, however, usually view such an ap-
proach as a manifestation of overweening, as opposed
to merely natural, ambition. A pack of young upstarts
might claim and hold a demesne through such tactics,
but it also tends to end up earning them the enmity of
their elders along with a notation for "crush at earliest
convenience" (particularly if the upstarts belong to
the Low Clans).

Most young Cainites almost invariably end up
pushed to the fringes of urban areas, and forced to
make their way by somewhat lesser means. For these
Cainites, it often behooves them to exploit options
overlooked by their grasping elders and make the most
they can of what they claim. Here is where interest in
and influence over rural resources can yield dividends.
Cainites can make excellent absentee landlords. A
coterie can make its haven (or havens) at the fringes
ofan urban area and use that area for feeding purposes,
while its Domain actually lies some leagues away,
administrated by ghoul minions and worked by villeins
who almost never see the lords for whom they labor.
Another option is to invest in a somewhat less digni-
fied (and safe) mode of existence and claim Domain
over the roads.
it comes to the life of brigandry and outlawry, and
even somewhat more honest about their parasitism
than those who suffer delusions of contributing some-
thing to the stability of society. Roads are the lifelines
of commerce; exploiting them directly can yield the
sort of short-term dividends that allow for the estab-
lishment of a more secure power base later, once the
furor has died down and, possibly, in a region where
the coterie isn't wanted by the local authorities.

Pooling Backgrounds

Nearly any Background can become the Anchor
fora Cainite coterie's power-building endeavors. Each
has its individual advantages and disadvantages in
terms of utility, both standing alone and in concert
with other, lesser Background choices.

Dainites are as capable as mortals when

Allies

An Anchor Background of Allies indicates, in
general terms, that a coterie has potentially wide-
spread influence at the local or regional levels, or
within a particularly prominent religious or secular
institution. The benefits of such an arrangement tend
to be subtle but pervasive, and permit a coterie to
manipulate a resource base through a second party
that is neither a blood-bound slave nor noticeably
unnatural, though he may be considered morally
corrupt by other observers. The trade-off is, of course,
that the availability of one's allies can be spotty at
important times and allies cannot be treated as ex-
pendable flunkies, or else the friendship rapidly dries
up. Relationships with allies tend to be arrangements
of mutual benefit that both parties must make efforts
to maintain, or else all benefits of association are lost.
Additionally, a Storyteller may rule that Allies in-
clude fellow Cainites or other supernatural beings,
with the cost of purchasing such an alliance being
somewhat higher than the normal expenditure for the
Background. Such alliances carry their own risks, as
they tend to attract a bit more attention than average.
In many cases, particularly in the case of Cainites
associating with other supernatural entities, this at-
tention tends to be uniformly negative.

Attics EXAMPLE
Cardinal Alphonso de Marcho Galeotto |
(Allies:6, Contacts 2, Resources 2) 4

A newly formed coterie chooses Allies as its
AnchorBackground, with three of the fivemem- )
bers providing two dots each to the Anchor, }

| totaling six, one providing two dots of Contacts,
and one two points.of Resources. Since the game
is set in Rome, a hotbed of Lasombra and Torea-
dor clan politicking, the Storyteller constructs ,

| the coterie's main ally as an influential Prince of )
the Church, Cardinal, Alphonso de Marcho }
Galeotto. Since -the coterie's Resources rating |
indicates they aren't exactly rolling in bribe
money, the Cardinal has a personal reason for
lending the coterie his influence — one of the
characters is his bastard son by the mistress he
loved all his life and, despite his son's horrifying
new state.as one of the undead, he:continues to
support his offspring as best he may. From the'
Cardinal, the web of influential Allies and Con-
tacts spreads out, including*numerous minor °
religious officials and other relatively reliable |
sources of both information and influence on

local secular and sacred politics.

<=. ore 1

Contacts

Contacts is the Anchor Background for a Cainite
coterie interested in going into the information bro-
kerage business, an approach to unlife not without its
rewards. The more dots devoted to the Background,
the larger any given information/spying/blackmail
ring will be and the more likely a coterie is to obtain
potentially useful pieces of information, or to obtain
information on a wide variety of topics. On the down
side, information brokerage and blackmail are risky
propositions if used ham-handedly; most elder Cainites
respond quite poorly to threats, and attempted black-
mail by a band of disrespectful young idiots is just the
sort of thing to rile even the most sessile elder to a
violent display of displeasure. Most powerful and in-
fluential mortals who might be targeted for similar
attentions don't respond much better. Information
resale tends to be a great deal safer and more immedi-
ately remunerative, and to come attached to the
potentially great rewards of prestation debts owed by
those whomacoterie's little birds have chosen to help.

_. Contacts Example
The Scriptorium (Contacts 5, Resources 2)
The coterie is a young bahd of urban
Cainites searching for the lever that will'
allow them to rise from meré sufficiency to
genuine comfort and' eventual significance
~ in the city in which they dwell: When they
| pooltheir Backgrounds, they decide to invest
| heavily in Contacts in an effort to obtain
thfough subtlety what they couldn't possibly
obtain through. force: a renewable informa-
tion resource; As one of the coterie members *
was a clerk‘in minor orders‘ before his Em-
brace, the troupe -consults with -their )
Storyteller and'decides that the coterie culti-
vates the dotument clerks and-copyists of the
scriptorium attached to the local cathedral as
their primary Contacts. The former clerk
still has some friends among these learned
then, and they represent a significant portion
of the city's literate population; they nor-
mally end up scribing everything from wills,
to public charters to private correspondence.
Many would undoubtedly pay heavily tohave
access'to such documents, particularly if the —
services rendered can come to include subtle
changes in wording or the "misplacing" of
Ee ‘inconvenient Pict of ee Ge

Domain

Domain is probably the best Anchor Background in
terms of utility to Cainites — it indicates how much
physical territory a given coterie claims access to for the
purposes of feeding and how secure they have chosen to
make that territory. Within both Cainite and mortal
society, land is considered power, a source of exploitable
resources and, if well managed, potentially great mate-
rial wealth. On the down side, possession is only nine
tenths of the law, and in that remaining one tenth lie all
those, mortal and otherwise, who would dearly like to
separate the coterie from its Domain and claim that
place for themselves. In a crowded enough urban envi-
ronment, possession of evenasmall Domain can become
anightly struggle to the death to maintain control of it;
rural Domains carry additional difficulties in procuring
an adequate food supply for the coterie and adequate
haven space. The life (or unlife) ofa rural landlord tends
to be seminomadic, and each place a coterie travels to in
its Domain must be equipped to survive a potentially
extended visit. Even so, the vast bulk of Cainites would
prefer to possess a Domain of their own rather than dwell
in another's Domain at another's sufferance.

Domain Example

Castellar,a neighborhood of Carcassonne
(Domain 7,, Herd 4) :

The coterie consists of an ambitious
band of Cainites who accompanied mor-
tal Crusader forces south to the
Languedoc, hoping to carve a Domain
for themselves out of the soft, rich, her-

"esy-ridden lands of the south before
anyone else beat them to it. As luck (and
their Background expenditures) would .
have it, they managed to gain a foothold
‘in Castellar, a fortified- neighbor of.the
Languedocien‘city of Carcassonne, capi-
tal of the old Trencavel lands and an
important social, political and economic
center. Castellar represents a combined
total of, seven dots in Domain, four de-
voted to size and three devoted to
security, indicating the coterie's vigi-'
lance over most of the city center, its *
wells and market district, and the atten-
tion the town's hew masters give to
maintaining that vigilance in the face of
rebellious and embittered, native

.Cainites. *

Ss ee 7 oe
~\ ae Ta tee ~\ aN ~\
mots iy acne a CHAP NE > Sy SS, ey ae
~ HE DON Z
@ \ > LSE Lee wing FS


Domain isa pleasant thing for an enterprising ¢
ambitious Cainite to have. Herd is something every

ite sleeps better for having regular, unimpeded,
and undisputed access to, since, while vampires can
profit from the produce of the land they own, they can
no longer derive sustenance from it. Herd is the sort of

<ground that pools best with Domain expendi-
tures; it's somewhat difficult, logically speaking, to
have one without the other unless the local Prince is
exceedingly generous when it comes to parceling out
hunting grounds, though it's not impossible. Perhaps
the coterie is simply very good at seducing mortals to
their wills, but doesn't wish to come to anyone's
attention by claiming Domain.

Tuflucnce

Influence is the Background mos
ed byatightly knit coterie of urban
c goals in mind, and the intellectu
wherewithal to follow through on them. Influence,
more than Allies and e ts, represents the
ice of goal-oriented coteries devoted to manipulat-
ing the world for their own ends. That being said,

en Cont:

a ae eek erreur, ils
+ RIGHT-OF PRINCES

Herp Exampe

The House of the Perfumed Waters (Herd
4, Domain 2,-Resources 3)

The coterie dwells in a majos pilgrimage city
and has decided to take advantage of that fact in |
several practical ways. After pooling Backgrounds,
the troupe consults with the Storyteller and
decides that one of the characters was a reason-
ably prosperous merchant who, after years of

| trekking all over Europe, decided to settle down *

and purchase property, which turned out to be
yet another business — a bathhouse for weary 7
pilgrims longing to shed the dust of thé road. The
bathhouse doubles as a whorehouse, which is
where the Herd rating comes in; the employees ,
and the guests both serve as a regularly available
herd, with the employees (water carriers, bath
attendants/working girls and boys, a masseur or
two, sundry servants) providing a base of seven to
ten regularly available "meals," and the clients
(locals and pilgrims alike) providing a base that
fluctuates from fifteen to fifty available vessels
depending on: the .Vagaries of .the pile image
season and the


Influence-driven coterie is in a position to reap enor-
mous rewards should it choose to stay the course, or lose
it all in a poorly enacted scheme. This method of
operation requires close personal contact with the mor-
tal world at numerous levels
mistake could occur, the coterie could seriously overex-
tend itself, and the entire edifice of persuasion,
manipulation and outright skullduggery could come
crashing down, not only around them but around any
other Cainites that have regular contact with them.
Patience and the willingness to invest time and effort
into making everything work is a must for coteries that
Anchor their existence in Influence; the rash and imme-
diate-gratification hungry need not apply.

at any of those levels a

INFLUENCE EXAMPLE

The Masters of the Guild of Blood (Influ-
ence 6, Allies 4, Resources 4, Contacts 3)
«The coterie is made up of vampires who
were, in their breathing days, all members in*
good standing of several different craft and
merchant guilds. When they pool their Back-
grounds, the players discover that this gives
« their characters a naturally widespread de-
|. gree.of influence in the community in which
they currently dwell, ‘which happens to be
one of the larger and more important -fair
towns ofthe era After consulting with the
, Storyteller, the troupe decides to embark on
an epic quest to financially dominate' the,
|. fairs through the coterie's cumulative web of
personal: connections. Soon, the coterie is
sinking' its talons into the workings of the }
fairs themselves, the cities in which the fairs |
take place, the guilds which govern trade and
financial interactions at the fairs, ‘moving
slowly and carefully... but not carefully
» enough to avoid the attention of an equally
canny elder, who is watching their progress
with a great deal of interest. In terms of
mechanics, the character's Contacts and
Alliesrepresent various members of the guilds
and the fairs' personnel with whom the,
Cainites maintain a working rapport. Their
Influence stems from continued membership
in the guilds, which will almost assuredly
wane as the characters' mortal identities dis-
appear from the public éye (as they eventually
must). Finally, the vampires' station affords
them 4 great deal of material wealth (in the
{ form of the Resolirces ee

Mentor

Unlike Domain and Herd, Mentors tend to be
something of a luxury item for most Cainite coteries.
While the pursuit of patronage is common in mortal

society, that same pursuit in Cainite social circles
carries with it dual disadvantages: the perception
among one's peers that a Mentor-shopping coterie
can't make it on its own and needs to ride the coattails
of someone older and more powerful, and the serious
and potentially unending prestation entanglements
that can result from deliberately indebting oneself to
another vampire. On the other hand, the beneficent
attentions of an influential Mentor can drastically
increase a given coterie's status, either in the vam-
pires' individual clans (or, more likely, roads) or
within the general run of Cainite society. Others
might carp and snigger about the coterie's naked
bootlicking behind the members' backs, but they
cannot ignore the status, influence or capabilities of
the person those boots are attached to. After all, if a

Me ENTOR EXAMPLE
The Flavests Left Hand (Mentor 5,
Retainers 2, Resources 1) ..

The cotérie isa small band of Tzimisce,
recently left at loose ends by-the destruction of
their various sires during the ongoing hostilities
of the Tremere-Tzimisce bloodwar and by the
somewhat newer hostilities opening with the
Fiefs of the Black Cross. Rather than abandoning
their homeland and heading west, as so midny
young Tzimisce are forced to these nights, this
‘band chooses to stay and fight for what they ,
consider theirs:by right of blood. Realizing that
attempting to'carve out a Domain in a land of
fratricidal and tértitorial elders without ‘assis- /
tance is sheerest folly, the players pool their
Backgrounds into five dots of Meritor, two dots of
Retainers, and a single dot of Resources, repre-
senting the coterie's current semidisenfranchised
state. The Mentor their Storyteller, selects for
them is no less.an individual than Velya the
Flayer, an elder Metamorphosist who holds no-
table sympathies with regard to the younger
members of his*clan reduced to hard-scrabble
survival by the current upheavals and with a
number of schemes cooking that require poten-
tially expendable young pawns who will
nonetheless be grateful for his compassionate

patronage of their wn efforts. ‘

~ —S
. Se ee
Ces = vo ~

APTER ONE « , nS ERLE Y
DOMIAN - =
Me 5


potent Mentor is choosing to dispense his precious
time and wisdom to the coterie, more likely than not
there's something there worth nourishing.

Note: According to Dark Ages: Vampire, Men-
tor is not a pooled Background. It is being presented
here as an optional rule for vampires, as Mentor is a
pooled Background for both Dark Ages: Mage and
Dark Ages: Inquisitor.

Resources

Resources is, like Herd, a Background that gener-
ally works best in conjunction with Domain. Though
it is not impossible, Resources are difficult to obtain
without some sort of Domain to exploit, which is to
say, possession of land that can be sold or rented for
grazing or cropping rights, real estate that can be
rented for cash revenue, livestock that can be sold for
slaughter or rented for breeding rights, the proceeds of
a money-lending or money-changing enterprise, fine
revenues from a manorial court, or the like. Resources
may also derive from inheritance or, possibly, from a
stipend paid by a noble father to his bastard offspring

Resources EXAMPLE

The Marketplace (Resources 5, Domain 4,
Allies 3)

The coterie members are the offspring of sev-
eral powerful elder vampires, all of whom are either
in torpor, jaded beyond the capacity to interact
comfortably with the mortal world any longer or
just bored with doing their own finances. As a
consequence, the maintenance of theirsires' greater,
overarching power'structure has fallen into the
characters' hands, and they have decided to use ,
this providential opportunity to skim some off the
top. The coterie members pool their assets and
decide to invest.in their city's marketplace, its "
native vendors, its traveling merchants, its guards,
its tolls, taxes, fines and general income: They have
managed to obtain Alli¢s in the forms of several
stall-holding landlords and other market officials,
with whotn they share the profits of their endeav-
ors, and dwell in a townhotse convenient to the
"action" of their moneymaking scheme. Originally,
a bit timid aboutthe amount of money they could
successfully embezzle, they've become a bit bolder
as their sires persist in not noticing their activities
(or, if they do notice, simply choosing not to take
their offspring over their collective knee) and are
‘considering expanding further into land holdings.

in order to convince them to stay away and not clutter
up an already complicated line of succession. In this
era, it should also be kept in mind that "rent" is not
always paid in cash. It can be, but a Cainite landlord
is just as likely to receive rents in goods that can't be
immediately used but need to be resold or traded in
order to turn a genuine profit. Keep in mind, however,
that possession of material wealth without any visible
form of support is just as suspicious in the Dark
Medieval age as it is in the modern era, and can
produce just as much unpleasant attention.

Retainers

Unlike Mentor, Retainers are often something of a
necessity for even modestly sized Cainite coteries. Since

SS

RETAINERS EXAMPLE

The Undolfini Family (Retainers 6, Do-,
main 4, Resources 3)
The coterie isa group of: secnipiivileged young |
Cainites, most of them of at least middling noble"
birth, and none of them has actyally passed one
day or night of existence without the attendance |
of at least one servant. Their Storyteller permits |
their combined. Background pool to purchase /
them a fairly extensive farming estate in the
contada outside the city mostly dominated by the
interests of their sires and a collection of Retain-
ers to help them manage it, the Undolfini family,
a hearty clan' that has lived in the area and

, worked the farm for several generations now.
The Undolfini family, as it turns out, Consists of /
anumber of highly, competent individuals (Messer 4
and Madonna Undolfini; the parents of the brood,
as wellas theiroldest sonand middle daughter, all
possess a remarkably well developed grasp of
manorial business management), several capable
cousins and, well, there are always two or three |
that are sharp as boiled bread, but you have that
in every family.'Sometimes the coterie isn't en-
tirely certain who the masters and who the
servants are. Madonna Undolfini seems to think
that they've joined her family and should be,
treated assuch; her husband andsons dosuch fine
work that the Cainites almost feel guilty about
living off the sweat of so many good-hearted
brows. The coterie members haven't pressed the
blood oath on anyone: yet, and they're not en- |
tirely sure they ought to; something'can be said
for actually eatning the loyalty of your servants

over wer binding their wills in blood.

= : ee
Py oS KO tes Bh gO
2 RIGHT OF PRINCES AE Ay gi in ae


most Cainites take the very reasonable line of hiding
themselves from the vast bulk of humanity, someone
needs to be available to do most of the legwork, the
traveling from town to town looking after a coterie's
interests, to represent the coterie during the vulnerable
daylight hours, and generally to be the hands, eyes and
fists of the group. Ideally, Retainers represent mortals
with whom the coterie hasa well developed relationship
of mutual trust, coincident interests or genuine emo-
tional attachment. Retainers can also be little more than
blood-bound patsies, emotionally or physically warped
minions groomed from birth to submit to every vampiric
whim thrown at them, or individuals who are enor-
mously loyal but otherwise utterly mediocre when it
comes to getting things done. Anchoring with this
Background indicates that a coterie places a high pre-
mium on interaction with humanity as a means of
accomplishing its goals and cultivates friendships either
with a broad cross-section of humanity or with a handful
ofextraordinary mortal examples, with whom they share
a mutual commitment to success.

The Fellowships of the
Magi

Persistence in one opinion has never been considered
a merit in leaders.

—Marcus Tullius Cicero, "Epistulae ad Familiares"

The passing Ages of Man have treated the mages
unkindly. With the end of the Mythic Age, much of their
former power has eroded in the face of changing human
society and culture. Once, they influenced affairs of state
from Babylon to the British Isles. They guided the destiny
of mankind with the divine wisdom and esoteric knowl-
edge that only they possessed. They danced beneath the
moon for the pleasure of the Mother and Her Consort
and nature itself bowed to do their will. Three of their
kind attended at the cradle of Christ Himself and offered
songs of praise at the birth of the Savior.

Now, their estate is quite severely fallen. Whole
mystic fellowships have vanished into the mists of
passing time, taking with them irreplaceable wisdom.
Most of the remaining mages are forced to survive at
the edges of the human society they still long to lead
into glorious exaltation. Few among them accept this
state of affairs with complete equanimity.

Ahl-i-VBatin

Among the Magi, the Ahl-i-Batin are known as
"the Subtle Ones," and that designation certainly fits

them. They are philosophers and mystics, s
and theologians, thinkers and wanderers, and their
modes of operation have influenced the more esoteric
elements of Near Eastern cultures for centuries. They
move subtly and invisibly through the world, and, in
general, the world is a better place for their passing
through it. Unity is their goal, the perfect spiritual
union of all living things with God, and that goal is in
no way unrighteous.

Unfortunately, the Batini are at several serious
disadvantages when it comes to the messy details of
living in the world. First, Batini philosophy is often
rather inescapably inward-turning; they may not deny
the validity of the material world with the ferocity of
a Cathar perfectus, but in many cases interaction with
the external world of flesh and money and politics is
viewed as inferior to the exploration of the inner
universe. This viewpoint is not conducive to the
development or maintemanee@fmaterial resources —
in fact, it tend${f6"Encourage_an {sOlationist mindset
that graddally leads to-rhe-failure Of Batifiimages to
interagt effectively withthe Warld abalh TR&Batini
are generallythelmost likely of all the Mystic Fellow-
ships yoAély Reavily on servitors t# manage their
mdatefial assets, With all the-attendant Fisks sich an
approach eytails.

Second} the Nong ‘Asocidtion of the\Batini with
the Muslim Guiture§ of Ihétia andthe Lévant has won
them few ftiefids in predominantly GHristian Bufope.
The \ Messianic Yoiées solidly Gomtinare the/ mystic
field in\rhis@@ra, and*the.Voieé"is norably uhsynipa-
thetic to these perceived-as champiOnsief rhe Moors.
What fe Butopean powertbases the Barihigpossess
have beén, shaken _to the ground or atleast severely
undercut "byp,the~hard-driving-Suce@sses of the
Reconquista, théi@@hantries andserays seized by enter-
prising cabals of Messianic Voices and the Order of
Hermes. The Subtle Ones still exercise a quiet influ-
ence through the rising universities of the Dark
Medieval era, but even that influence cannot hold
forever; they are not the only Aristotelian scholars
among the Magi, and the Order of Hermes in general
has a much firmer grip on the European educational
institutions not dominated by the Messianic Voices.

A day is looming where the Batini will be forced
completely from Europe for good or for ill, and they
will be forced to rebuild their influence in Muslim-
dominated regions whose sympathies may be uncertain.

The Batini are among the most internally cohe-
sive and well organized of the Mystic Fellowships; in
practical terms, this means they enjoy the benefits of
belonging to a group that cares about the develop-


et * te

ment of its individual members and contributes in
some ways to their support. Mentor is a very common
Batini Background, and the teacher-student bonds
formed during a Batini magus' training period tend to
be among the most enduring social relationships the
Fellowship's members maintain. Similarly, the
Fellowship's structured nature lends itself to the pos-
session of chantries (small and large, with or without
crays) and, most importantly, libraries as a reflection
of the group's dedication to the excavation and pres-
ervation of knowledge. High ratings in Allies,
Contacts, and (nonmagical) Servants can also be used
to indicate the general Batini philosophical divorce
from and disinterest in worldly matters; the individu-
als defined by such Backgrounds would almost
inevitably be the managers of the Batini magus' mate-
rial assets or business interests.

Messianic Voices

Ofall the Mystic Fellowships, the Messianic Voices
may be the only one that can legitimately claim to
dominate all others in terms of sheer influence within
mortal society. Since its earliest days, the organization
has shadowed the growth of Christianity throughout
the world, follgwinginthe-footsteps of apostles and
early Church fathers, giving voice to their songs of
power and praisesEventually, theinpersistence of faith
and vision{ helped earn, theyfallowers of |Ghrist an
empire, one,that they‘zealonsly help expand and
defend to_thisnight.

Havirig'thampioned the causérof=@hristianity
from the beginning, the Messianic Voices enjoy the
advantage,of having inserted thémsélyes into the
structugé of the Catholi¢ Church at thegrdund level.
No spialf number of the Voice's|chantries\déyble as
engloséd-monasti¢ communities supported-by gener-
ous ¢ndowments !ftom hoth the laity and financial
stipends from the Church itselfAs-tandtords, the
Voice draws both material support_and mortal te-
sourees from its dependencies, astnuch practical work
is attached-to the maifttenance of a chantry andiits
network of relationships/and not enough mageg to
aécomplishitall-More thanany dtherFellowshipjthe
Messianic Voices|aften!find\themselves caught ip in
the henefits of temporal power to the neglect gf their
theoretically much more important spiritdal/mission.

Thos@ynages! who logk upon thé gefftivation of
material assets sunworthy of the Veite's true mission
tend to favor closer Télatfonships with the newly
emerging mendicant orders, particularly the extremely
charismatic Order of Friars Preachers, better known as
the Dominican Order, after its freshly sainted founder,

Father Dominic Guzman. Attracted to the mendi-
cants' apostolic fervor and purity of faith, no small
number of mages sickened with the Voice's slide into
naked materialism have slowly but surely begun align-
ing themselves with a force that may yield great
spiritual dividends for the entire Fellowship.

The Messianic Voices are, in many ways, defined
by the same structure that underlies the Catholic
Church and their Backgrounds reflect this fact. Influ-
ence is, by far, the most common Voice Background,
in reflection of the Fellowship's widespread presence
within one of the most prominent religious and social
institutions of the time. Following closely behind in
importance are Allies, Servants and Contacts (in-
dicative of the Fellowship's close interaction with the
common run of humanity in the maintenance of its
power base), as well as Chantry and Resources (repre-
senting the fact that many Voice chantries double as
religious foundations such as monasteries and parish
churches, with all the associated income). Cray (often
in the form of such things as chalice wells dedicated to
the Virgin and other such naturally occurring holy
phenomena) and Library are not uncommon. Mentor
is somewhat less prominent among the Voices, owing
primarily to the rigidity of the Fellowship's notions of
rank and a certain arrogance among high-ranking
Voices that leads them to regard those beneath them
as inferior and unworthy of their attention.

The Old Faith

Easily the most fractious of the surviving Mystic
Fellowships, the. Old Faith imot.a single "fellowship"
at all butgagloose collection of theoretically like-
minded mages who cleave to amolder, pagan tradition
of magical working. Members of tlie‘Old Faith have
endured, over the last several cemturiés, more active
and yidiouspersecution, than any other Magi; while
the Messianic» Voices can justifiably pointyto the
persecution of theChristians under both Roman and
Judaic authSfities, the Old Paithful.<am paint to
persecution ‘aind conquest!by Romans, Jews, Chris-
tiansandallezedly "more sophistiated/worthy/correct"
fellow mages with €qual-fustification. Nonetheless,
they have endured, evénlifthey are gteatly diminished
in their sutyival.

Practitioners of the OldPaith are penerally the
most Gireumspect of all the Mystic Fellowships, €spe-
cially in lands under solidsChristian domination. In
these areas, they tend, to stay out of the proverbial
spotlight, with the vast bulk of the Fellowship's mem-
bers functioning at theftinges of society as woodsmen,
hunters, itinerant laberets, herb-women and mid-

= a ? he al bows gy hel gO LEN
$$¢:-9 == _ ee IGHF OF PRINCES - Pine SE SF S
_ edhe Siac sf

insignificant to attract the attention of the larger,
better-organized orders.

Only in lands where a significant pagan popula-
tion still thrives does the Old Faith dare act openly.
Lithuania, Livonia and Estonia are wracked with
Crusade-driven bloodshed, but there the Old Faith
still summons the powers of Earth and Sky against
would-be oppressors and controls the largest crays and
chantries. While the old myth of a "witch-pope"
among the pagan Balts is likely nothing more than
propaganda, individual mages of the Old Faith can
enjoy significant status within and material support
from the tribes to whom they lend their efforts.

Depending on where the mage of the Old Faith is
located, Backgrounds can vary somewhat drastically.
In lands dominated by istianity, most members of

Fellowship tend to tread very carefully indeed
and trust few outside of their own cabal.
id Faith mages keep Familiars for
personal companionship. If they engage
in relationships with outsiders, they g
ally have relatively disposable Contacts whose
s they can live without, rather than potentially
vital Allies who could be stripped from
them or betray them. Their craysare
generally Il and well hidden
and are only rarely appended to
any sort of ntry. In areas
where strong pagan majorities
uch as Livonia and other
points in Eastern Europe, the Old
Faithful tend to stand in slightly
betterstead, having Influence among
the local tribes, along with Allies,
Contacts and much larger Crays.

The Order of
Hermes

The Order of Hermes is one of

the oldest of the surviving Mystic

ZY Fellowships, tracing its origins from

~~ the enlightened scholars of ancient

Egypt. The Order is also, almost without tion, the
most arrogant of all the remaining Mystic Fellowships,
claiming to be the sole practitioners of "true" magic and
that all other Fellowships and traditions are either
illusionists, charlatans or mere hedge-sorcerers whose
learning and methodsare distinctly inferior to their own.

MG

a> as


Needless to say, this attitude doesn't earn the Order very
many friends; it is also the origin of much of their success
and survivability.

The Order of Hermes is hard-driving. Its House-
based internal structure encourages the sort of
competition that hones both its members' raw will to
power and the sophistication of the tactics they use to
achieve that power. Rendered momentarily second
place in terms of sheer influence by the dominance of
the Messianic Voieesthe OrdéPofelermes nonethe-
less enjoysyaconsiderable-depth of "fecess to the
educatiofial institutions/df\the\time,the eoffers of
nobles beholdenré.chepamsomewayand thaflour-
ishifig trade guilds anticonfraternal/sdcictits that are
fu¢ling-the-rapid-expansion" Of pirban civilization.
Unlike séme_of the-more-contemplative Fellowships,
which sometimesSeemstiedicated tosfinding enlight
énmenf*strictly, in*theipewnyaavels, the) Order of
Hermes isn Mafraid'to pet iss hands dirty Orjtd wade
hip-deep inthe world forthe sheer pléastre of living
as well asthe -practicalbenefits/to bédetived from go
doing, Hetmetic maged.c4n ihost oftenBa, foundsin
professions that dllgw them;tdwiSe2their formidable
intellecttial tools ro'bést effeer* banking, moheyAlend-
ing andmoney-changing, all of which offer eXcellent
opportunities for Skimming funds off thet6p, trade of
all varieties and¥efcourse, manoriabbtisiness manage-
ment, where a wise mage can excel as the seneschal of
even a middling lord.

Unfortunately, the Order's fatal weakness is also
derived from its unquenchable arrogance. Hermetic
mages tend to have the worst relationship with the
common run of humanity of any of the Mystic Fellow-
ships, and this tends to come back and bite them when
they least expect it. It's the rare Hermetic mage who
doesn't regard the man with whom he's doing business,
the unenlightened scholar with whom he's debating, or
the servitor who tends to his bookkeeping as little better
than a talking monkey — occasionally amusing, occa-
sionally annoying, but in no way as "real" as the mage
himself, and generally less deserving of anything more
than the most peremptory treatment. Needless to say,
this breeds considerable resentment, as well as hatred,
retaliation, and treachery.

The Order of Hermes, like the Batini and the
Messianic Voices, is one of the mostly highly orga-
nized of the surviving Mystic Fellowships. As a result,
they tend to place a high premium on social and
professional interactions with members of their own
order, and Mentor is, thus, one of their most common
Backgrounds. Within the House structure of the Her-
metic Order, a mage's Mentor is not only her teacher,

advocate and foster parent, but also the red-hot goad
driving her to succeed. The Order's tendency to take
ahands-on approach also manifests in the cultivation
of Influence (personal, since the average Hermetic
magus wants to experience life, not just profit from it),
Allies and Contacts. Having been acquiring material
and intellectual resources for millennia, the Order
also tends to have better than average Chantries (with
or without Crays) and Libraries (often containing the
writings of Hermetic philosophers that otherwise would
have been lost with the Great Library of Alexandria).

Spirit-Lalkers

While the Order of Hermes and the Ahl-i-Batin
both claim to be the oldest mystic traditions in the
world, in all likelihood that distinction most genu-
inely belongs to the Spirit-Talkers. Even less organized
than the followers of the Old Faith, the Spirit-Talkers
can nonetheless trace their Fellowship's origins to the
beginning of human history itself — anywhere that
men believed there was more to the world than could
be perceived by the eye alone, there they have been.

Unfortunately, a millennium-spanning pedigree
isn't a guarantee of overarching power and influence,
particularly in the Dark Medieval. In Christian Eu-
rope the Spirit-Talkers exert no sustained influence
OvéBanyimajor segment of societyneyen in the pagan
lands of the East, the followers of the'@ld Faith tend
to possess\more-inNthe way Of practical Contact with
and influetiée over the societies to which Borh groups
belong. Even more that, the Batinisthe path of the
Spirit-Talker tends to:lead to:acdivorce from:struc-
tuted|Sodiety, if not from the material world itself

This is not}torsaysthat individual Spirit Talkers
cafinat be persons of importance in the sogieties in
which they belong — merely that the Fellowship as a
whole dogSnot generally Cultivare the sort Of mental-
ity thatdends itself te rhe-purshit of temporal power.
Individual) Spitit-Talkérs are a8 likely as,orhex indi-
vidualmages téseek pOsitionsthat will leaditheminto
matetialealth and influencesIn fact, thearts they
practiceéhelp them a great deal in this regard; after all,
everything has a spirit, and those who can communi-
cate with those spirits can often learn some very
interesting things.

Despite their relative lack of cohesion as a Fellow-
ship, the Spirit-Talkers nonetheless put great emphasis
on the student-teacher relationship. Mentors are impor-
tant for young Spirit-Talkers coming into their own in
an era that, for the most part, no longer recognizes or
respects the shaman's approach to living in a world that

T_T AL We
a f~ a a wor rh, LON -
Lk Sea ced a + RIGHT-OF PRINC . — ed AS a
4 ee ie f A

echoes with spirit-voices. Such individuals can either
shape a young magus intoa person who can deal success-
fully with both the physical and spiritual halves of the
world or warp him into a bitter, distrustful recluse who
dabbles in the Dark Arts for both profit and malice.
Similarly, most Spirit-Talkers are rarely alone, often
accompanied by spirit-Familiars and spirit-Servants who
help tend to their physical needs, thus minimizing their
need for contact with the world. Spirit-Talkers, when
they interact with the common run of humanity, rarely
have genuine Allies, preferring the shallower relation-
ship represented by Contacts, and rarely possess much in
the way of Resources.

Valdacrmen

The Valdaermen are another Mystic Fellowship
whose time has passed but who cling to their philoso-
phy and traditional mode of existence with a ferocity
reminiscent of their Viking forebears. In outlook, they
are more closely related té the shamanism practiced
by the Spirit-Talkets thin' anyjother magical tradi-
tion, and theirctirrend stat¢ of disenfranchisement in
their ownGociet¥ reflects that.faeh,

Traditionally, the Valdaermen served their people
as prOphetspdiviners and tune-eraftersawWhile this
earned then fearginged with/awe, it, Brought them
little in th€ way of respect; Norse sodiet), Rad alto-
gether mOré unqualifieditespect for wakriorswhdstrode
acrosstth€ battlefield in service, to glory than loose
fellowshipfskulking mages performing, workfitonly
for women, With the coming of Christianity 16 rhe
northlands, theitpositidivdeclinedeven furthérynow
not onlPyvere they bofderline effeminate Wedklings,
they were SisOxecaleitrant pagansatibesyoritredeem-
able hereticstar worst,

No othet Fellowship, noteven tie Spitit-Talkers,
isso thofoughlyali¢nated fromthe culturethat spawned
it agate Valdaermensdl heir influence' within' their
own society, Snegligibletat besty what féw/Chantries
and crags they hold are Often purchased at gtéat price
and just as often require miich effort to conceal from
the more aggressive and grasping of the other mages,
particularly the Order of Hermes.

The isolation from the common run of society
that the Valdaermen endure has made them hardy
and self-sufficient in many ways. Often, individual
Valdaermen will be quite potent Founts, capable of
functioning without regular access to either a cray or
achantry. This is fortunate, because both are hard to
come by in the lands that this Fellowship calls home,
and though they are not impossible to find, most tend
to be small. Paradoxically, the Valdaermen also prize

relationships among themselves, and Mentor is one of
their most common Backgrounds, representing a solid
connection to the loose fraternity of the Fellowship as
awhole and the specific relationship a young mage has
with his teacher.

Pooling Backgrounds

Like vampires, the mages have the option of
pooling their Backgrounds to produce a greater start-
ing point than any individual mage would have alone.
They simply do this much more rarely across Fellow-

ship lines — the very nature of most Fellowships
magical practices makes cooperation with others of
their kind a somewhat chancy endeavor. Among
themselves, individual cabals of same-Fellowship
mages generally, but do not always, tend to possess a
higher degree of group cohesion and are more likely to
pool and exploit their individual resources success-
fully. This does not mean that multi-Fello
are doomed to possess much less in the way of material
resources than cabals whose members who cleave

ship cabals

strictly to the company of their own order. In these
days, a willingness to think and act flexibly is a
survival tool without parallel, and even the most
hidebound senior mages can reluctantly admit that
their rivals might have valuable insights to offer.

Chantry

Chantry is naturally the Background that most
young mages would very much like to possess, prefer-
ably in considerable size, comfort, and undisputed
access. In an era where the Mystic Fellowships have
shrunk from a dozen viable societies to a handful of
hidden and, in some cases, hunted near-outlaws, a safe
place to live and work and study among one's peers is
often heart's desire, unattainable dream and fiercely
sought-after prize all rolled into one. This is particu-
larly true if the chantry also houses a cray or a library,
though this is not always either the case or the possi-
bility. In practice, a chantry can be anything from a
humble crofter's cottage to a students' hall within a
university, to a secluded glade deep in the Black
Forest, depending on the personalities and needs of
any given cabal. Most of the more primal
Fellowships — the Old Faith, the Spirit-Talkers, the
Valdaermen — tend to prefer rural, secluded or more
"natural" settings for their chantries; for them,

soli-

tude often doubles as an inexpensive security
precaution in addition to giving them more room to
work. The Batini, Order of Hermes and Messianic
Voices tend at least to appear more social, and more
structured, in their choices; many of these mages


> CHANTRY EXAMPLE

The Wooden Circle (Chantry 5, Cray 2)

The cabal is a small group of "naturalist" *
Magi — adherents of the Old Faith, Spirit-
Talkers, or Valdaermen (or possibly some

,. combination thereof). Their Background pool

permits them either a fairly substantial Chantry
equipped with a small Cray, or a small Chantry
with a small Cray, both equipped with other
advantages, such as better security or Aura op- *
tions. After consulting their ‘Storyteller, the
cabal opts for a smaller, more secure Chantry to "
go with theirsmall Cray and decides that their
chantry is a circle of wooden plinths atop a hill,
possibly the remains of a pagan temple or shrine.
Its security rating derives from both from its
location commanding a relatively good view of
the surrounding area and the fact that the locals ,
consider the place extremely eerie and avoid it
all costs, even going so far as to withhold infor-
mation about it from the local Christian
authorities, fearing that meddling with the site
-will unleash misfortune on the entire valley.

attempt to locate their chantries convenient to their
homes or businesses, sometimes in their homes and
businesses. Such an approach is a bit more risky,
though it also permits a readier degree of access to the
benefits of the chantry.

Cray

Crays are the places where the quinta essentia, the
fifth element that gives the world its life-spark, bubbles
and pools to the surface, providing energy to be drawn
on for magical purposes. Such places are much more
rare now than they were in ages past, more difficult to
find and to protect from those who would steal such a
rich mystic possession from any given cabal. They
s for young
and firmly established cabals alike. In practical Back-
ground terms, Cray combines well with Chantry in
terms of both utility and security for a cabal, though

remain, nonetheless, hotly sought-after priz

chantries can (and usually do) exist without c
being present on their grounds, and crays can exist
without chantries present to defend them. Crays, like
chantries, tend to take many forms; theoretically,
Quintessence could flow from the fountain or well in
the square of a well established market town, suffuse
the trees and plants of a forest glade, or have crystal-
lized into the rocks of anatural cavern or an abandoned

, oe
Cray Example

The Unusual Well of Obernewtyn (Cray
5, Resources 3, Chantry 1) 7
The cabal is an itinerant group, perhaps
fleeing the ‘unfriendly attentions of the au,
thorities in the members' homeland, perhaps
simply striking out on their'own in search of
knowledge and adventure. Their Background
pool allows them access to.a fairly substantial
Cray nonetheless (in addition to' the‘money
and goods they are able to transport easily), a
fact that théir Storyteller decides to use when
‘they arrive in the humble hamlet ‘of
Obernewtyn, footsore, weary and in dire need
-of baths, each and every one. It doesn't take the
cabal long to notice that their bathwater, the
water that thé local innkeeper uses to thin
wine and beer, and that which everyone uses in
cooking 'and washing is suffused with Quintes-
sence. An investigation of the phenomenon
shows the young magi that the vast bulk of the
town's water supply cémes from a single well
near the town. center; further, they learn that
the well has been there longer than the town,
and that the town grew up around it, at least to
the knowledge of local storytellers. The well
never seems to run dry, no matter how bad thé
weather might be, andsome believe that it has
magical properties — the ability to heal the
gravely sick, for one. The cabal decides to stay *
and investigate further, essentially taking over
aroom in the local inn as their chantry as they _
study the miraculous waters of the town. Is the
well (and its waters) itself the cray, or are the
marvelously Quintessence-rich waters merely
the visible manifestation of an enormous sub-
"'terranean well of power... +."

a er

salt mine. The cabal's Cray pool determines whether
its possession is one huge source of energy or perhaps
many smaller, more easily overlooked, sources — a
tactic that can provide just as much energy while

simultaneously reducing the overall safety ri

Library

In the Dark Medieval era, access toa library of any
significance is even rarer than access to either a cray
orachantry. The literacy rate among the commonrun
of humanity is pathetically low; even in society's elite

au ys PL ES a rs a - a
be! = Ge EEE te: RICE DDIAGRS". sf rr
oS. RIGHT-OF PRINCE 4 Tago,

segments, the nobility and clergy, those capable of
reading and writing are heavily outnumbered by those
who consider scholarship a "frill" rather than an
essential part of daily life. The technologies that
permit the mass production of books are still centuries
in the future, and each volumea library possesses is the
product of meticulous hand labor. While this tends to
make such volumes quite pleasing to the eye, it also
makes them almost prohibitively expensive; in fact,
illiterate nobles often purchase books for the status
attached to owning one, even if only their seneschals
or their wives can really appreciate the contents of
said book. There are, however, few things in nature
more single-minded than a mystic on the hunt for
knowledge, and a cabal may pool its Backgrounds into
a fairly significant Library. Presumably, such a cabal
would be wise enough to keep the precise extent of its
possessions secret both from other mages and from the
public at large; while possessing an enormous store-

_»> Liprary EXAMPLE

The Secret in the Sole ery 3, Allies 1,
Chantry2)

The cabal is pursuing the rumor that sev- ~
eral scrolls, books and other artifacts stolen
from ariother chantry ate being concealed ina

‘. manor outside the city in which they live.

|. Upon managing to finesse their way-into the
manor and: speaking with its seneschal (the

* actual owner of the property and the mastét of
all the servants appears to be the absentee sort,

' dividing his time between several estates; of
which: this is only one), the cabal is allowed
‘access to: the manor's cellars. In fact, the sen-
eschal ‘is.a' good. Christian and quite }
understandably nervous about some of the
things down'there, and with good reason. Be-
hind the regular storage areas is a narrow stair

|. that descends into another chamber, possibly

éven a natural cavern, in which the cabal not
only finds the missing scrolls but also a treasure
trove of other volumes. Even the walls are
scrawled with -writing — pictograms and
hieroglyphs and ever more exotic forms of *
verbiage that the cabal cannot immediately
decipher. Enlisting the aid of the grateful sen-

| eschal and arranging a lease agreement with

‘the owner of the property, the cabal begins the
laborious process of examining and catalogu-

‘ing the contents of the library:

house of knowledge isn't on quite the same order as
being caught dancing naked in a faerie grove painted
in strange-smelling unguents, it does tend to attract
the attention of those whose duties encompass the
investigation of such oddities.

Note: Remember that the Library Background
costs "double." That is, it costs two Background points
or bonus points to buy a dot of Library, rather than the
usual one.

Servants

The possession of Servants usually goes hand in
hand with the possession of a Chantry or some other
sort of property or Resources, and those Backgrounds
pool together quite naturally. As with vampires, the
mages must bear in mind a few things when they
gather together their servants. First, they must decide
if they want a large number of fairly ordinary servitors
or a smaller number of more competent assistants.
Each carries its own benefits and risks. The average
ordinary human being is likely to be in awe or fear if
he should somehow become aware of the cabal's true

_ SERVANTS EXAMPLE
The Paper Slave (Servants 5, Library 3)
The cabal is a group of young mages still

servingout their apprenticeshipsunderthehawk-
eyed glare of their masters. Each and every one of
them (éven the masochistic oné who enjoys
poring through books and scrolls in truly horrific
ancient handwriting) would very much like to

do more than bum the midnight oil in. the
libfary. Subsequently, when they pool their Back-
grounds, they discover they have the wherewithal
to create a fairly potent magical servaht — a
being constructed, apparently, of powdered ink,
a stack ‘of loose parchment leaves, the scent of
old books and the raw desire of every sixteen-
year-old appfentice ever to go skinny-dipping
while someone else does all the work. This being
is capable Of researching only one topic at'a time
but does so at-voluminous length, using all the
tesources of the library at the cabal's disposal
and, possibly, of other libraries as, well.. (The
cabal is fairly:certain that, unless their masters
are really hiding something, none of them pos-
sesses a fully illustrated copy of any Arabic love
manual, yet the Servant seems well versed in
such things.) Itwon't writé their papers for them,
but by collecting information and summarizing

* it well, it does sae SEs the Pes


nature; this could possibly bind him closer to the
cabal's service from an even greater fear of retribution
from either his master or more mundane authorities,
or it could drive him away after a season, no matter
what the consequences of disobedience might be. An
extraordinary servant might have a greater capacity
for performing different tasks and learning more from
the cabal itself; sometimes, he will also be proportion-
ally more sensitive to any slights or condescension the
cabal offers, and it is an unfortunate fact that many
mages become divorced from, and contemptuous of,
the common run of humanity as they increase in
power and enlightenment. It frequently behooves the
cabal to maintain good relationships with the people
who tend its finances, manage its properties, wash its
clothing and cook its meals; it benefits the mages to do
so, as it helps keep them grounded in the real world
and in contact with their own essential humanity.

A third option is, of course, to cut out the
messy interaction with human servants altogether
and craft servants of strictly magical nature.

Magical servitors encompass several ex-

ties to fantastic automaton constructions,

and everything in between. Magical ser-
vants are innately more loyal to their
masters and are often capable of carrying out
tasks that would leave a human servant
mad, dead or both. On the other hand, §
magical servitors are decidedly less flexible
than their human counterparts, hobbled by
restrictions on what they can and cannot
accomplish, how many instructions they can
take, and generally less capable of improvis
tion than even the dimmest human servant. It
would behoove a wise cabal to mix and match
the types of servants they employ and the
duties to which they're assigned.

Talisman

Talismansare magical artifacts, objects that
have somehow been imbued witha power and, (Ni
very nearly, a life of their own, and that serve f
specific purposes for which they were cr
Some Talismans can arguably be arguably
said to have created themselves — arising

from once-a-millennium mystical conjunc-
tions, the chancy aftermath of magical worki

or the spontaneous coalescence of force and object

to make something greater than either was alo:
More deliberate methods of Talisman creation have


— —

_ TALISMAN EXAMPLE

The Gift of the Fallen (Talisman 6, ©
Resources 1) ‘ ,

The cabal has returned to itshome chantry
from a research outing and has discovered
chaos and devastation. The chantry-house
itself has been demolished so that no stone
remains standing one gn the otherand looks as
though what was left after that was burnt in
the fires of hell itself. The library it took more
than a century of laborious effort to collect is
nothing but ash on the wind, everything liv-
ing between the walls has been slaughtered,
and even the cray itself has been drained to
dormancy, possibly by the defenders, possibly
by the attackers. Amid the rubblé of their
former home, the cabal manages to find a few
scraps of portable wealth that somehow man-
aged to escape the conflagration and, in the
lowest levels of the foundation, uncovers what
they think is the body of their master. There is
little left but a blackened skeleton, all of
which crumbles to dust when they touch it —
exceptfor the skull. The skull remains inexpli-
cably intact, and when they, lift it out of the
tubble to give it a decent burial it begins to
speak to them, whispering the. warning that
they must take what they can, including it,

' and flee while they still can...

either been lost or are jealously guarded and rarely
employed; most young cabals receive Talismans from
their mentors and such objects are almost invariably
artifacts handed down through their Fellowship, which
tightly considers them irreplaceable treasures and ex-
pects them to be used wisely. When a cabal pools its
Background points in Talisman, it can possess either one
enormously powerful artifact or several smaller artifacts.
The collection of smaller Talismans, while less potent,
isalso less likely to attract malicious attention; a greater
Talisman is significantly less likely to allow itself to be
stolen from its chosen cabal.

Sanctum

Sancta are places of power, even more so than
crays. While crays contain the lifeblood of the world,
a mage's sanctum is something much more personal
and intense, a place where the mage himself bonds
with the world and the world wraps itself around him
and protects him, as well. When in his sanctum, a
mage is immune from the Backlash that can arise from

-- SANCTUM EXAMPLE
The Heart of the Forest (Sanctum 5, Cray 2)
The cabal is a band of Slavic practitioners »
of the Old Faith, bound together by their love
of homeland and their loathing of the Ger-
manic invaders encroaching on it. When they
pool their Backgrounds together, they produce
a Sanctum of considerable‘power —a god-tree.
The god-tree is an enormous, ancient'spreading
oak that was, some years before, split nearly half,
its length by a lightning bolt; miraculously, the
strike didn't kill the tree, and it continues to ,
live and breathe the power of Perunn Foestriker,
god of lightning, protector of the Slavic peoples,
through the forest. While within the radius of
the god-tree's power, all who worship the gods
of the sky and heaven's fire (including some
Valdaermen devotees of Thor, Perunn's Norse
cousin) enjoy the benefits of reduced effort in
their magical workings and the ability to regain °
Quintessence from breathing the scent of the
god-tree's copper-colored leaves. Conversely,
followers of the chthonic gods of earth, most
especially devotees of Perunn's mortal enemy
* Veles, obtain no such benefits.

the use of magic, among sundry other benefits, includ-
ing the ability to regain Quintessence (without access
toacray) and increase the strength of his Foundation.
Cabals can pool their Sanctum rating into a truly
spectacular place of power, where their wills hold sway
above even the laws of nature itself. Pooling dots in
Sanctum, however, virtually requires the characters
to be members of the same Fellowship, or at least have
magical outlooks so similar to one another that the
same mystical energies work for all of them
(Storyteller's discretion). Thus, while it's not impos-
sible for members of the Old Faith and the
Spirit-Talkers to share a sanctum, Messianic Voices
and Valdaermen probably never could.

Suquisitor
Brotectorates

Righteousness exalteth a nation, but sin is a reproach
to any people.

— Proverbs 14:34

The most Holy Inquisition contra Diabolus enim et
alii daemones is, in the year 1230, less than four decades
old, and yet it enjoys a far-reaching, if subtle, influ-

~ a EET aN

<= ing; "<i ~~ aN >
‘ aes za bee
i ye


ence in the mortal world. Three of the five orders of
the shadow Inquisition are recognized foundations
supported by the wealth and might of the Catholic
Church, one is a Bavarian noble family of consider-
able longevity and influence within the cutthroat
political affairs of the Holy Roman Empire, and the
fifth is a network of men and women that cuts across
all layers of Dark Medieval society and brings to it
their unique skills, knowledge, and resources.

The shadow Inquisition hunts the night-things and
the foul worshipers of unholy darkness that prey on
humanity. This fight is the Inquisition's sole purpose for
existing. In theory, its orders and individual cells do not
covet power and wealth for their own sakes; money,
property and influence are to be developed solely to
assist in the defense of Christendom. While apostolic
poverty is to be admired by all, and emulated when it is
practical to do so, the pragmatic fact of the matter is that
travel, covert warfare and intelligence-gathering opera-
tions all consume resources, and the inquisitors
themselves can't live on air and bread alone. Each order
has its methods of developing and cultivating temporal
resources, both for basic subsistence and for use in the
fight against the darkness.

The Order of the Boor Knights of
the Passion of the Cross of Acre

The Poor Knights have the great advantage of
existing in an era when public support of the military
orders is close to its absolute peak. The Knights
Templaf the Knights Hospitaler, the Teutonic Nhights
and thé Poor Knights of thi Cross all benefit materi-
ally from the current passion for donating land and
moneyito the protection 6f Christendom. Mostiof the
Poor Knights' commandeties sit on land donated
solely for the purpose of comstructing a holy fortifica-
tion and are supplied by the local tains and villages
to whoni"they act as both landlords alid-resident
knightéprotectors. Poor Knight comeianderie§ that
stand athwart the pilgrim/t@ads their charter efjoins
them t® protect enjoy similar largesse, often ih the
form oficash donations given by weary pilgrims grate-
ful for @ safe place to rest/and have their sofe feet
tended by a Church-trained physician.

This has granted théPoor Knights a certain degree
of self-sufficiency and independence; theydo not draw
heavily from the Church's ¢offers,forfinancial support
and at some levels tend"t6*resent the necessity of
justifying their expenditures to Councils of Faith that
their order does not solidly dominate. The Poor Knights
take vows of poverty when they join the order; their rule

specifically forbids individual knights to own private
property, as the order itself will see to their material
needs. Questioning the wealth that the order accumu-
lates in the form of donations, rents and property is
tantamount to questioning the necessity of supporting
its members and of its very mission, which is never a wise
idea. Both Sir Audric, the order's Master Treasurer, and
Sir Jehan, the Knight Castellan of the order's mother-
house on Cyprus, have written Cardinal Marzone sharp
letters about civilian-dominated Councils of Faith ques-
tioning the military expenses of the Poor Knights, and
the situation remains a serious point of contention
within the shadow Inquisition.

The Sisters of St. John

The Sisters of St. John are in a somewhat different
position than the Poor Knights, though they also tend to
receive a great deal of material support from the Chris-
tiandaityof Europe: Where the PoorKnightsare perceived
as performing an essential function in the protection of
pilgtimage routes and the care of pilgrims on the rad,
the Sisters of Steghohinpelearlyyserveyanieven more
obviously humanitartan mission. Their abbeys and clois-
ters|$erve the"dualjpurpose of glorifying God in prayer
and€ontemplatiomandofearing for the sick, the crippled
andithe madekrem thosé wh@ consider it a more Chris-
tianjact foesupport peaeethan war, the Sisters receive
donations of land on which' to construct cloisters and
hospitalss=smoneyewithewhichsto,purchase such land
themselves and even the produce of whole towns inthe
ford of cash rents, refitsin the formofstipplies and labor
obligations. They also sibmitrelatively modest,requésts
to Cardinal Marzone fémepiscopal funding When their
incothe from rents and' donationS*fails to meet their
needs}though this is a rélatively rare occurrence.

Unlike the Poor Knights, the Sisters of St. John are
generally ‘ot perceived as possessing more_pMan they
actually need'tasurvive. They are also boul by vows of
poverty and a rule thtprohibits theéWnership of private
property. Few join or remain among the Sisters who are
harboring the lust for wealth or power in their hearts to
begin with, though they do tend to make the most of their
relatively good social position. To Christendom at large,
they serve a vital need in ministering to the physically,
mentally and spiritually infirm. Moreover, their eremitic
convents are frequently sought-after spiritual retreats for
thegenuinely piousamong Christendom's powerful land-
holders, rulers and other influential heads of state. The
Sisters are excellent connection-makers and make care-
ful, subtle use of their webs of contacts to shake loose
assistance and information, both for their own order and
for their fellow inquisitors.

TY TS =a p=

aut Va = f See a a A e

ty z ws RIGHT OF PRINCES - PSS ey. Pe
— a re 4


TheRed Order

Unlike the Poor Knights and the Sisters of St.
JohngrheRed@rderisverynearlyorritsowrrin terms
of financial and materiak support from the|public.
Genuine intellectuals agé i short supply in the Dark
Medieval era, even amongthe allegedly moresophis-
ticatéd members ofthe ruling elite; what true
intellectuals do exi§tialso tettdt6_be men of the cloth
and equally impevetisheds More than any other group
of shadoyy,iti@uiSitorsethe Red@rdeéffelies upon the
good will ofthe Proetrator Fisealis of the focal\Coun-
cil of Faith to keepsthentim episéopal funding,

This is not to sayfhautheR€d Order is utterly at the
mercy of its more orthodox brethten for the basi¢staples
of survival, though it can §6metimes feel like that to the
heartily put-upon brothers and sisters. The Red Order
owns Comparatively less property than both fhe Poor
Knights ‘and the Sisters 6f St John, but they/make the
most of what they do possess through shred financial
arrangements anda willingness to dowhat neither of the
other clerical orders Would everr€ontemplate — engage
in actual trade. More in tune with the opportunities to
be had in urban areas and well aware of the growing

intellectual hunger thatisslowly butsurely
\ sparking the rise of universities, the Red
\. Order's "cloisters" tend to resemble

open campuses and libraries, where they charge top
denier for both classes and copyingrights. Theirscriptoria
produce beautifully hand-lettered and illuminated manu-
scripts, the price for which can stop just short of outright
extortion. When they collect the rents from the proper-
ties they own or the villages that are beholden to them,
they pinch every penny, carefully weigh every bale of
wheat and rye, and count every single egg, beast and bolt
of cloth to make certain they've received what they're
entitled to.

The Red Order is perceived, by its inquisitorial
fellows, as being a bit too close to the grasping side,
though the Red Order usually counters these arguments
rvation that all they're trying
to do is survive and perform their mission.

The House of Murnau

The House of Murnau repres
temporally powerful element of the shadow Inquisition,
lay or clerical. A county of Bavaria, it possesses all of the
advantages of wealthy and prominent landholders in the
Dark Medievalera: property, _,
income and influence. At Yi
least a dozen man-
ors,
of them

with the undeniable obs

ents the single most

some

3)

x f
Pe
2 b
-
i —_
~ = sS
ae ia Ao eee a a ay as = VN =
Ps vi = == ay 1 ONE: (SS RC TY ee
\ » JIVTAN = =~ >


actually fortified castles, are part of its demesne, and all
of those manors come attached to a constellation of
towns and villages, the produce of which pour into
Murnau coffers in the form of rents in cash and produce,
taxes and fines levied by manorial courts. The family's
primary holding and most important estate, Castle
Murnau, sits astride a trade route between Italy and
Augsburg, from which it collects tolls in both cash and
trade goods. Politically, the House is somewhat famous
for the skill with which it navigates the Holy Roman
halls of power, guided as it has been by a number of
shrewd rulers. Murnau advisors peddle their consider-
able political acumen across the face of the Empire,
bringing the family much in the way of influence both
subtle and gross. Its marriage alliances are far-flung,
though they have thus far refrained from reaching as
high as the royal marriage bed, seeming content to cast
a web of relatives across their own stratum of the
medieval nobility, and only a trifle higher.

Frederick von Murnau, current head of the House,
feels himself rather finangially put upon nonetheless.
With a sofya daughter, aiste?, and a brother all serving
the Inquisition in varying) capacities, among sundry
other felatives and affiliatéd bondsmen, the lot of them
seem to bé Operatingunder themdeltision that Murnau is
tich enough to fiance half the'penniless itinerant
inquisitorsin Europe. One wants him to found ahunnery
for the Red SiseetSiin: Bavaria, another wants him to
make @ gefiérdus donation tothe Sistets of St. John, one
wants hint to give ‘One-of the! house's manors and its
villages t@ithe shadow In@hisition as a safe-house for
German Byes of God. H@ thinks God nightly that his
stubborq middle son Gerhard hasn't taken' jt into his
head to jdin the Poor Knights and add to the'clamor for
another Geman commandery —after allfFrederick has
a sixteen-year-Oldtrophy wife withaff insatiable appe-
tite for samite to suppdttpand@nother child on the way
by her.

This is not to say that the Murnau have deliberately
withheld resources from the shadow Inquisition. They
have given of themselves, with their unique gifts, quite
extensively, and of their properties and the produce
deriving thereof as well. The head of the household,
however, has put down his foot when it comes to making
enormous expenditures — such as scraping together the
money to found an abbey, monastery or other religious
foundation — until such time as the Inquisition proves
completely capable of supporting itself.

Lhe Heuli Dei

The Oculi Dei is the most amorphous of the shadow

Inquisition's orders. Its structure is deliberately porous

and cellular, and discourages extensive interactionamong
its own members as well as excessive and unnecessary
contact with the rest of the Inquisition. More than any
of theotherorderspthe Eyes are on theirown in terms of
matérial support; in most cases, individual Eyes of God
havéno more resources than what they themselves bring
to the enterprise. What this means,in practical tetms is
thatthe Eyes age"much less likely to "lay.all their cards"
on the tablé witli theit fellows and cOmbine ‘their
resources; their codeofssiléicesafid behavibr virtually
requires gach agénpto be an islandwtfito himself. How
ofteh this codeis broken, with stationary-OculiDeicells
andjitinerant Eyes pouriii@their individual resources
togeéthes in OFAEF ES Create'a-pool Offworkitig funds or a
safeshouge thageveryore has opem"aece's to, is unclear;
most Eyes, know bettersthanete admit stich' a fatt to
others, sinée theactiwvould almosé'Certaihly lead to
expulsion fromthe order

Practically, thisumeans thatthe Eyes of Géd are
possibly the "poorest" of the orders, even shough
individual Eyes may be quite wealthy and ipfluential,
and they ha¥e.no ready means of accesgsifig episcopal
funds to aid thetfeendeavors, unles$ they route the
request through Rodrigtt@de Navarre, Aignen le
Libraire or Lizia Montesi di Roma. Considering their
line of work, there is
some of the dirty secrets their spying invariably un-
covers for purposes of financial gain or influence; this
is, however, an extremely dangerous game to play.

anever-ending temptation to use

Moral Quandaries

In the Dark Medieval world, the one basic fact
that lies underneath the development of all power is
this: If you are wealthy, if you own property, if you
possess more than the clothes on your back anda strip
of land from which to draw your own sustenance, all
of that wealth and power derives from the back-
breaking labor, from the blood and sweat, of others.

The orders of the Inquisition are acutely aware
of that fact, in rather uncomfortable ways. While
the basic feudal social structure assumes that it is
perfectly right and correct for one group to domi-
nate another in reciprocal relationships of service
in return for protection, the morality of doing so
has become an issue within the Inquisition of late.
As they have become more aware of their enemies'
methods of operation, more and more uncomfort-
able similarities have come to light. The Adversary
preys upon the common run of humanity, conceals
itself among their number and acts as a parasite
upon the economies of whole nations, all the while
appearing to be upstanding members of society.

fi = ff = onersl a ae a a a
Bt ee CHT = PRIN: — ——= = rt ¢ Sm
y, Pm "RIC HT OF T RINCES + P< j y


So, toa certain extent, does the Inquisition itself,
and this fact has set off more than one loud debate
between members of individual cells and within the
orders themselves. Most argue that the Inquisition's
holy mission makes them innately "better" than the
things they fight; they aren't parasites, they are the
unsung saviors of Christendom, fighting a dirty, vi-
cious war, and others will never know the horrors that
they witness. To a certain extent, this has been
accepted for the conscience-soothing excuse that it
is. The more intellectually and morally rebellious
among the various orders look upon the obvious
wealth of Holy Mother Church and her voracious
appetite for power with concern bordering on con-
tempt — and they wonder why the Inquisition is
often forced to scrape and beg for donations in order
to do its work, when some prelates live in the same
sort of splendor as the most repugnant of the foes the
inquisitors struggle against.

One night, those questions will have answers.

Pooling Backgrounds

Like vampires, the agents of the Inquisition have
the option of pooling their Backgrounds in order to
obtain greater material resources than any individual
inquisitor would possess on her own. The inquisitor-
specific Backgrounds most likely to be pooled are

Chapter-House, Flock, and Holy Relics.
Chapter-House

Chapter-House is the Background that governs
the place any given inquisitor cell calls home. This
can be as simple as a small, one-room house or church
up toand including fortified stronghold, a monastery
or other religious community, a manor attached to a
Murnau possession ora city home belonging toa noble
Eye of God. Unless the chapter-house is explicitly
deeded in the name of a member of the cell (such as
the aforementioned Murnau manor house or private
property of an individual Eye), it is not the property of
the inquisitorial cell occupying it. Rather, it is the
property of the inquisitors' order, and the order will
expect it to be treated as such. Selling it, renting it out
or severely damaging it will be strenuously frowned
on, as such properties are difficult to obtain in the first
place and even harder to repair without attracting a
great deal of unwanted attention.

Storytellers should also exercise their discretion
when permitting their players to design chapter-houses.
Yes, nearly every cell of Poor Knights is going to want to
live in the functional equivalent of a Templar

commandery, complete with the attendant respect and
war chest that comes with belonging to an influential
military order. Resist the temptation to let them. The
Poor Knights are a relatively recent and thus far minor
military order, and while financial support of the mili-
tary orders in lieu of actually tramping off to Crusade is
currently quite popular, the average nobleman has plenty
of orders to choose from, and a definite element of
competition exists among religious foundations to get
their hands on donations from the laity. In this respect,
the Poor Knights, the Sisters of St. John and the Red
Order are no different from any other order. There's
nothing wrong with putting a cell of Poor Knights in a
single-room cloister, with the Red Order occupying the
richest monastery around.

Similarly, just because House Murnau is relatively
wealthy doesn't mean that some Murnau cousins that
are poor as church-mice are just as likely to prove as
sensitive to corruption as their more privileged rela-
tives. Not all Oculi live in the garrets above stables or
wait tables for a living, either — more than any of the
others, the Eyes of God represent a true cross-section

Cnapter-House ExXAmPLe

Just Outside of Narbonne (Chapter-House 6,

An inquisitorial cell has been given achap-
ter-house to dwell in at the. fringes of Narbonne,
in the Languedoc. Given that this area was,
until recently, a hostile armed camp and that
most of the locals remain dangerously sullen
about the outcome of the various crusades inthe
region, the troupe decides to pool some of its

Backgrounds, resulting in six points of Chapter-

+ House-and two points in Flock. Of the six'
Chapter-House points, the cell spends three on
size and three on security. As a result, the cell }
possesses the still-defensible section of a castle
that was only partially demolished during the
Albigensian Crusade, complete with a partial
curtain wall, a strong gate, internal sources of
water and at least one interior strong-point to
which the cell can retreat, and hold off violent
intruders. Their flock represents the village "at-
tached" tothe castle as dependents, whom the
cell is specifically enjoined. to protect' while
going about its duties in'the grea. It takes. a few
weeks, but eventually the villagers begin warm-
ing up to the inquisitors in their midst, and they
begin mingling freely, asking questions, and

| ‘praying together. *
Lee
ERO ———— CRP yy


therapeutic to spend time around other people, too.
Regularly reminding themselves how to play well with
others can often be the best thing the average inquisi-
tors can do to preserve their sanity, in addition to
reminding them why it is they took up the Fight in the
first place.

Holy Relics

Holy Relics is an easy-to-abuse Background that
must be adjudicated carefully; no one wants his care-
fully constructed story of horror and redemption to
turn into a bloodbath powered by vials of exception-
ally potent holy water and several swords of holy mass
destruction. Holy Relics, much like Talismans for
mages, are items of power. Unlike Talismans, how-
ever, Holy Relics are presumed to be just that — holy,
imbued either with the blessings of the truly divine or
the highly focused and fervent faith of a true believer.
Pooled ratings in Holy Relics can result in either one
item of profoundly holy power (such as the genuine
piece of the True Cross pos d by the Poor Knights

of medieval society. When designing the chapter-
house of either a single order cell or a multi-order cell,
bear in mind that size isn't everything; security counts
also, and flexibility is worth most of all.

Flock

Flock is an important Background to most in-
quisitors for its sheer psychological panacea factor.
Superior Virtues often lead to superior mental issues,
a fact that most individuals and inquisitorial cells
have to deal with eventually. The fight exposes its
warriors to the blackest recesses of the human heart

and soul, both in themselves and in the foes they
struggle against; if they had no safe harbor to retreat to,
inquisitors would crack in a matter of months from the
sheer mental and emotional stress of their jobs.

For this reason, Flock combines well with Chap-
ter-House when pooling Backgrounds. While eremitic
convents are fine for the peaceful contemplation of
God and quiet meditation, as anyone who's ever
labored under serious stress knows, sometimes it's

ae —s

a iene -FLock EXAMPLE ; iat e )
The Residents of Ravensburg (Flock 4, Chapter-House 4, Contacts 2) (

The Hospital of St. Dymphna at'Ravensburg
is, to put it mildly, a madhouse. It is the repository
of the most hopeless cases the Inquisition comes

_ across, men and-women who have been broken in

by the.cruelties of the Adversary. The task of-_

imind, body orspirit, and, in many-cases, all three,

caring for these unfortunate wretches and making
certain they bring no further harm on themselves
or others falls on the shoulders.of the Sisters of St.
John and the Red Sisters of St. Theodosius who
staff the facility. Needless to say, this takes a heavy.
physical, mental, and emotional toll‘on even the -

' holiest of the holy Sisters, all of whom take their

turns tending to all of the pati€nts, from the docile,
young woman who does nothing but stare into

| space humming tunelessly to herself, to the husky

young man who has to be bound in boiled leather

-restraints and cleaned by tossing buckets of water

on him from the door of his cell: Early on, the
Sisters realized that something would have to be
done to prevent their own staff from going as mad
as the people they caré for. es
The cell is a-group of young inquisitors as-
signed toa term of duty at the Hospital, replacing
another such cell that volunteered for the task but
was unable to handle itsuccessfullly. When the cell

-talking, praying, ministering, tutoring the local
_boys and girls in reading, writing and catechism, _,

members pool their. Backgrounds, they realize) ~)
they have a substantial Flock rating and invest it-
in the town of Rayensburg, which sits at the base

~ of the hill on which the hospital was built. The
;cell petitions the Mother Superior ofthe hospital

for permission to try an experiment — rotating
the Koly Sisters on duty out of the hespital and
into the town, for terms acting as charitable )
workers on behalf of the local residents. Since the
towh burghers do not object to this penmenie)
the Mother Superior agrees to it, and soon the
Sisters of St. John and the Red Sisters are circulat-
ing among the townsfolk,zegaining their bearings, _ \

AS

despite the objections of several more conserva- |
tive members of the local religious community.
Mother Superior serenely ignores these objec-
tions for the sake of her own staffs sanity and ©
writes a letter to Cardirial Marzone suggesting \,
that it might be worth an effort to try something 7
similar in other hard-pressed hospitals and con-
vents. The Sisterseven pick upa bit of information;
itseems many of the localsbelieve that at least one 5
of the nobles in the' area is more than just an'
eccentric-recluse under vows to avoid sunlight.

sora :
Va A~L eS ae re a
~S = RIGHT OF PRINCES - fo
SSH Pan Pice y,

a. I me,
te nas: {; sisutr slag, oiliea/imasbenssaie
ee ee
—_

of the
Cross_ of
the Passion
of Acre) orsev-
eral smaller, less
powerful items. On
the one hand, an extremely powerful relic has the
potential to repel anything short of Lucifer himself

The cell is a newly formed group of Poor
Knights, Red Brothers, and Eyes of God being

§ dispatched tothe Hungarian border to investigate-
) reports'ofa hideous creature terrorizing the local
| peasants. Before the cell sets out, the players pool
a few Background points to see what sort of assis-

f tance they might be able to scrape- together for ~

| their characters, resulting -ir™a decent rating in
Holy Relics. Consequently, the Knight-Com-
. mander dispatching the cell gives the group an
unusual relic before they depart — the Plait of St.
Lucrezia. Lucrezia was a woman of{pagan) noble
birth who, upon publicly converting to Christian-
ity, cut off her sumptuous fall of raven-black hair as
a-sign of her new humility before God. Outraged,

Hoty Reuics EXAMPLE
t _ The Plait of St. Lucrezia (Holy Relics 4): -

and support the faith
and Conviction of the
inquisitors who possess it; on
the other, significant relics tend to attract significant
amounts of attention, positive and negative, and the
enemies of the righteous need not approach directly in
order to steal or destroy such a powerful threat. Smaller
relics tend to produce fewer spectacular effects but can
be just as useful and a good deal less important in
unfriendly eyes. Storytellers should ex
sense when permitting their players to design their
own Holy Relics.

rcise common

her heathen father and equally unsaved fiancé
threw the rebellious girl and her disembodied hair
intoa pit containing a monster usually described as
adragon. The next morning, when her father came
to claim her remains, he was shocked to discover -
that Lucrezia was not only"alive, she had braided
her hair into a long, slender rope, which she had ~
used to subdue and bind the monster. Lucrezia's
family promptly converted at this obvious sign of *
divine favor, she herselfwas eventually sainted as

a dragon-slayer, and-her. hair was passed down
through the parish for centuries, remaining pet-
petually as strong and lustrous as the day it was cut
and used to bind-a creature of tremendous power
and evil. - :

~ ee =
————~,. ~\ om, ~\
—e 4
ies
ai =~" = ww fi

BS
i

TY:
ZZ |
"git
me
Ne

he

|
(=
Pes

«

iL

Re
y


And God blessed thergggind God said unto them, "Be
fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and sub-
due it: and have dominion overthe fish of the sea, and

over the fowl of the air, and 6Ver every living thing that
moveth upon the earth."

— Genesis 1:21-—23

The land is the ruler and the ruler is the land.

In this age, people feel profoundly the bond that holds the
land to him who would control, protect or subjugate it. Land is one
of the only real powers in this world. Armies die to defend and to
conquer it. Inheritance is measured in it. When one noble offers
fealty to another, he most often does so by giving a portion of his
land to another to maintain and tax in his name. In many ways,
a king is nothing more than one who can lay claim to a sizable
enough parcel of earth to take on the title. No wonder, then, that
there is a nigh-mystic connection between lord and demesne, for
is not the land the greatest source of the lord's power?

For some beings in the Dark Medieval, this notion is more
truth than fiction. The Tzimisce are bound to the lands of their
birth through the bond of sacred soil. The ghosts of great heroes
and villains forever stalk the places where they died or perhaps
those locations most important to them in life. Among those


Garou born of wolf, the territorial instinct runs strong,
and many of their number are tied thereby to the wilds
whence they were whelped. Even for those without
any ancient pacts or potent sorceries binding them to
their chosen land, a powerful incentive moves those
close to the land to remain so, to cultivate and groom
that land and, when necessary, to spill blood for it.
Inquisitors feel the touch of God in those places where
Heaven and Earth intersect and the holy power that
radiates from them. Mages war over and jealously
hoard the sites of crays, great and small, for the incred-
ible power they contain. Cainite lords and ladies
carefully nurture connections to local centers of power
over the course of their long centuries, seeking to
create subtle strangleholds over affairs both mortal
and immortal.

Settling In

Most chronicles set in the Dark Medieval world
are likely to occur ina single locale, with little need for
any kind of far-reaching journeys. This is not an age
conducive to travel. Boats and horses are as fast as
mundane transit gets and can be every bit as slow,
miserable and dangerous as walking. French and Latin
are about as close as one comes to commonly spoken
languages, but by no means should one expect to be
able to communicate with the people from even the
next country over.

Most people are tied to the lands of their birth by
circumstance, convention and common wisdom. This
is not a world filled with the potential for bold and
heroic adventure; it is instead a perilous place, stuffed
to the gills with robber barons, bandits, homicidal
Crusaders, superstitious mobs and obscenities best left
unmentioned. When mapmakers come to places of
which they know nothing, they pen, "Here be drag-
ons." While they are not necessarily correct, it is
certain that dark and horrid things lurk beyond the
shelter of one's hamlet. Sometimes, those "things" are
monsters in flesh and sometimes they are men who are
simply monstrous in spirit. In any case, fear is a power-
ful motivation to remain at home.

Tradition also binds the average person to her
homeland. For most, generations of ancestors are bur-
ied on the land, lending a feeling of timelessness and
belonging. Many families have dwelt in the same
homes for generations. Comfort and familiarity are
powerful incentives, and most medieval people have
little to pass on to their children save perhaps a small
plot of land to farm in the name of the local lord and
the house built by a great-grandfather's grandfather
many years ago. To move to is to leave behind history
and identity in favor of the unknown and the uncer-
tain, a prospect to which few people look forward.

A home carries with it the unspoken promise of
safety. Beginning with gatherings in caves, human
beings have always sought permanent structures in
which to seek sanctuary from beasts, the elements,
demons and evil spirits and the depredations of their
ownkind. From the mightiest castle thrusting its roots
into the Earth, its walls strong and unyielding, to the
tiniest peasant hovel, all dwellings carry with them a
sense of defense, no matter how fragile. Out in the
wilds, a person is naked before the many dangers of
the world. With four walls and a roof between her and
the outside, she has warmth, shelter and a modicum
of protection. A home may not be proof against harm,
but it is, for most, infinitely preferable to the open
road, where the only guarantee is that life will be far
more dangerous than it could ever be in any house,

regardless of how small or frail.

For those in a position of rule, for whom travel is
more possible, the incentives to remain at home and
tending the fiefdom are, if anything, even greater.
What does the tenant farmer stand to lose, compared
to one who commands the lands to the horizon in all
directions? At worst, the serf might have his pathetic
plot of land churned into useless mud by the hooves
of an invading army; a lord whose lands are wrested
from him has betrayed the sacred trust placed upon
him by his father and his father before him. He has
allowed himself to become diminished by losing the
only true asset a man of title can possess. Let anyone
rail on for hours about the sanctity of a respected
bloodline or the necessity of fine deeds, it is the land
he calls his own that makes a man noble.

The Significance of Demesne

Give a man a parcel of land and he can feed
himself and his family. Offer a sizable piece of prop-
erty and one could win the hand of a nobleman's
daughter. Take enough territory away froma king and
he ceases to be one. Even when land is mundane,
there is something almost magical about it to the
medieval mind. Land alone is what makes title worth
having, and it is the ownership of land that serves as
the barrier between princes and paupers, not (as some
say) the fact that one is addressed as "lord" or "lady."
Almost without exception, property is passed from
father to eldest son. Naturally, this only truly applies
tothe nobility, who are, for most practical intents and
purposes, the only real landowners. While this tradi-
tion may not be as rigidly adhered to in some lands, it
is certainly the standard by which inheritance is
measured in Europe and any lands currently occupied
by European nobility.

When land is claimed and that claim is known
and accepted, a great mantle of power settles upon the

a a & in
os (~ rh fF = Se: ce: al —
(a fe > "R \ : mun a Sees
2 TZ: RIGHT-OF PRINCES Za 7 4

shoulders of the claimant. A lord can call up con- truth among those who claim as their home the sunlit
scripts by making his wishes in this regard known, _ world of crude flesh and ordinary concerns.

bending the people of his land to become an extension Haunted forests, dragons' lairs and wizards' towers all
of his martial will. The fruits of the land become his conjure to the mind of the common man a sense of an
taxes, and so the land itself, through the hands of its _ inviolable domain. A powerful tie exists between the
people, serves to feed him, clothe him and make him _ denizens of the supernatural and their chosen realms. Just
tich. When the land sickens, his prosperity withers _ as with the adage "into the lion's den," a sense lurks that
alongside it. When another usurps it, that newcomer _ one is stepping out of the world shared among all people
forges a bond with the land and becomes its and into a place where asingle, terrible
master. The very circum- power alone
stances of the age conspire to
create a sense of mystery and
power regarding

the connection

between a ruler

holds sway.

As with the

lion, it is a power

well beyond the un-
derstanding of the
average person. Who
knows the designs of

and the place he
calls home.

When this con-
nection is applied to the
innumerable beings of the

aa a
a witches and vam-
pires, save to say
that such beings
supernatural world, mys- seldom suffer
trespass? Bet-

ter and far
wiser simply to

tery and power give way to
awe and dread. Many are
the tales of potent en-
chantments laid upon
burial grounds, sacred
groves and crumbling
manors. While a mor-

stay far from the

crumbling man-
ors and decrepit
huts to which

they lay claim.

More than Just
aBlace

Even for those who

are not lords upon the
‘Earth, a home is more
VA than merely four walls
and the space it occupies.
Home is where all beings,

tal lord can command
authority over life
and death in his de-
mesne, a lady
among the Fair
Folk or the
Children of
Caine can call
up powers
that make
such author-
ityseem pale
and fragile by
comparison. In
such places,
the dead are
barred from en-
tering heaven or
hell, the land itself
twists and con-
torts to satisfy the
whims of its un-
natural liege, andasip
from a brook binds
souls in thrall forall time. At
least, such is what is commonly held as

great and small, denizens of
thenormal worldand those
of the supernatural alike,
can rest easily, com-
~ fortedby the safety and
sanctity of one's own
dwelling. While it is
important to look at the
mythic and mystic con-
nections between, say,
aCainite ladyandher
expansive territory,
remember also to
play up the simple
pleasures we take

for granted of the places

XN ‘ Ol SEES


nae + te

we live. Even the most brutal Tzimisce voivode may find
his soul at rest while tinkering with the massive water
clock in his study. Likewise, the most savage Red Talon
Ahroun could perhaps have a certain nook, beneath the
boughs of a great pine, where he sleeps as soundly as a
newborn pup.

The roots found in the home are a powerful ground-
ing factor for most beings in the Dark Medieval world. It
is easy to look to the fantastic elements of this very
different and very magical world and thereby to lose the
reality of the characters in it. Home and hearth can
inject humanity into the portrayal of Dark Medieval
characters. When a player or Storyteller focuses on the
details of an individual's home, that individual is given
agreater depth anda sense of realism that may otherwise
be lacking. Whether filled with fine but worn furniture
or swathed in blood, the personality of the character is
expressed in her chosen dwelling place and the manner
inwhichshe keepsit. For those with keen and perceptive
minds, this facet of the home can be a great asset and a
dangerous weapon. A home in chaos can indicate a lazy
individual or a disorganized mind, whereas one main-
tained in strictest order may speak of an individual given
to calculation, industry or asceticism, and a household
decorated in the gory remains of previous victims points
to a sinister and twisted spirit.

Lushly detailed homes can become characters unto
themselves, in a way. When a vicious warlord comes
home to a palace of beautiful things and tends his rose
garden, he is expressing a facet of himself that must not
be allowed to insinuate itself into the reality of his day-to-
day life. The palace therefore becomes that otherwise
unexpressed longing, and its essential spirit grows from
there. In a similar fashion, a great, brooding keep, de-
crepit and festooned with gargoyles and other hideous
statuary, seems to crouch menacingly, a titan halfway
into the grave, and stare down accusatorily at interlopers.
That feeling of "being watched" need not stem from any
mundane, or even supernatural, observation but can
instead be a product of the castle's own sinister character.

The Stagnation of
Eternity: Cainite Homes
and Domains

Cainites, more than any other denizens of the
Dark Medieval world, have a reason to remain in a
single place. Only the foolhardy Ravnos and the
savage and uncouth Gangrel travel to any real degree,
and they are often looked upon with scorn and deri-
sion, in part for that very reason. For vampires, the

ability to stay in one place is not so much a function
of comfort or feelings of home (though these certainly
can, and do, develop among many of Caine's brood)
but is instead a necessary survival mechanism. Lu-
pines stalk the wide expanses of untamed lands between
one city and the next. Feeding can be intermittent at
best, sparse as a matter of course, and nonexistent
under even mildly unfavorable circumstances when
one takes to the road. This is a world where demons,
spirits and the rare saint wander the old and lonely
roads of Europe. Who can say what an unfortunate
Cainite might chance across in her hunger ona night
when the shadows run thickly and even the moon-
light flees from the most forlorn woodland paths, save
that she might well be in the company of something
far more monstrous than herself?

For members of many clans, the bonds to the land
are as natural and intuitive as those between a mortal
lord and his holdings. Regal princes among the
Ventrue, for example, often come into positions of
power as ordinary men and are offered the Embrace
only after assuming the right of rule. For the Lasombra,
power and influence come naturally. It is to be as-
sumed that a Magister will remain within the web of
intrigue, favor and control she has established for
herself, whether as a legitimate (in the eyes of the
Children of Seth, that is) authority figure or as a more
insidious sort of monarch. Just as most folk attribute a
divine right to those who govern men so, too, do many
Cainites see their lot as a natural extension of that
ideal. Among the terrible Fiends of the Carpathians,
this bond is considerably more literal. In the case of
the most ancient and powerful of the dread Tzimisce,
the very moods and fancies of the voivode are reflected
in the nuances of the land and its environment and
inflicted upon the hapless mortals cursed to dwell
under his power. His wrath becomes the howling
winter gale and the uprising of the beasts of the wilds
against town and village, and his glee is a gentle spring
wind and the flowering of blooms of surpassing (if
unsettling) beauty.

Even for those vampires who never knew the
thrill of dominion in their breathing days, the Tradi-
tion of Domain entitles them to such in the nights
that come after the Embrace. Many Cainites are
drawn from the ranks of the common folk of the Dark
Medieval world. To be brought suddenly into a kind
of nobility can be a heady rush, indeed. After the
Embrace, the individual is, in many ways, liberated
from the constraints of the familiar social order and
given a position within a new one, an order in which
upward mobility is possible (if often difficult). Being
inducted into Caine's fold is to know the power to
influence those one once called neighbors and supe-

rc y, fr ee ws Se de gO Si y
<St_ 29a = - RIGHT-QF PRINGES - r= = = 322:
fe ‘ __ fc / 57

tiors alike. Such power, however, comes only with the
patience to groom a locale to serve as not just a base
of operations, but as a demesne, a sanctuary. Though
much can be said of the need to cultivate authority
and power, it is also necessary to become conversant
with the essential nature of a given place, to know its
people and its resources. When a Cainite is attacked
on territory she has claimed, she can be defeated;
when she is confronted in the place she calls home,
she is nigh-invulnerable.

Sentimentality is not to be underestimated, even
among the immortals. Some of the most merciless and
cold-blooded Cappadocians, alien and twisted
Nosferatu and terribly depraved Followers of Set may
have a certain fondness for the homes they knew as
mortals or, conversely, for places that have proven to
be special to them in the days since the Embrace.
When such attitudes are applied to mortals, they
become the strong roots of familial tradition and of the
concept of a homeland. When seen through the eyes
of the Damned, however, such a mentality grows to
become an affliction, a cancer that cannot easily be
rooted out. Rather than the pillar that shores up an
individual's commitment to a locale, this bond be-
comes a chain that binds the Cainite, a chain
strengthened by the fear of what lies beyond, the ease
and comfort afforded by unlifetimes of conversance
with a given place and, finally, the simple lethargy
that comes when one lacks even the faint passions
needed to make new vistas desirable.

Still, one should never confuse nostalgia with
reverence. While a select few Cainites are given to
considering their homelands "holy," most lack that
fundamental link to the life of the land that is found
among Lupines or mages (for example), who can
quantifiably feel the mystic power resonating in the
ground on which they tread. While a Fiend may be
willing to meet Final Death in defense of her ancestral
home, or a Leper fall protecting his warren, most
vampires are apt simply to give up their claim if faced
with no other option save destruction. After all, with
acunning mind married to eternal existence, a Cainite
can always find somewhere else to call home.

Sharedamong the Dead

It is most often the case that a Domain is either
the possession of a single, powerful, Cainite or a
number of lesser ones. In the former case, the vampire
may make what laws he wishes (provided any others of
his kind even dwell there), sample as he will from the
mortal herd and generally exist in the manner of his
own choosing. In the latter case, a sense of community
must, of necessity, spring up among the unliving
wherein assets are divided evenly (or at least fairly or,

Ss

failing that, reasonably), some few common rules are
obeyed, and a few things can simply be taken for
granted. It is the same as with any grouping of animals
or mortals; acceptable constants must be established.
As the Domain of the solitary elder or lone rural
Cainite is of little help in defining this sick sense of
home and community, it is the shared Domain that
primarily concerns us.

Cainites come together for a few basic reasons.
The first and most obvious of these is survival. When
two or more individuals gather for mutual protection,
with the understanding that there will be no undue
conflict between them, they are almost always better
off than any lone person. So, too, is it with vampires.
The average Cainite, then, seeks out the company of
those she feels are best able to protect her, those who
are strong where she is weak. If she is intelligent, she
also tries to find those who are likewise weak where
she is strong, so that she will need her companions no
less than they need her. Of course, strength comes in
many shapes. A physically powerful vampire may
want for an ear among the mortal authorities, just as
a suave and urbane Cainite may lack command of
potent and useful Disciplines. Thus, a careful balance
is established. While a vampire must always be wary of
her allies, she also knows that eschewing them com-
pletely, for fear of betrayal or servitude, leaves her
even more vulnerable to outside attack. The trick is in
forming alliances with those whose potential and
likely desire to do her harm are lowest and whose need
for what she can offer is greatest.

The second, and perhaps most compelling, reason
that Cainites form unified Domains is the advance-
ment of personal power, under the frail (but universally
accepted) guise of advancing their mutual capabili-
ties. While continued existence isa laudable objective,
it is that second reason which makes existence worth-
while and, as the years march on, bearable. This ethic
of acquisition forms the essence of Cainite society and
interaction. The accrual of power is an end unto itself,
and any coterie that can manage to further itself on
the group level also finds that its individual members'
prowess increases in kind. Some astute vampiric schol-
ars note that this, and not any sense of social
responsibility or unity, seems to the be primary moti-
vation behind most of Caine's commandments: that
the lust for power is the only reason for Cainite law, as
it is the only foundation stable enough on which to
build this immortal society. The First Murderer obvi-
ously understood his heirs well.

The third fundamental reason for collective Do-
mains is the least dwelt-upon but possibly the most
significant. As are the mortals from whom they derive,

Cainites are often social creatures. Just as a rare few

~ ~
Co —<<

Sa —~ ~\ % c \

TER ) eS =
D HEARTH ~ ~~ =

——— oe es

j

ig TS

~
~ ~
a ee
a

SS


hermits or other isolated folk exist, there are solitary
Cainites, but most vampires have the urge to interact
on some meaningful level with others of their own
kind, those who can understand and empathize with
them. While some vampires call this decidedly human
behavior "weak" or "contemptible," it is to be ex-
pected that these predatory immortals would hunger
for society as much as they lust for blood. The desire
for family is a deep-seated one, and, no matter how
twisted it becomes by the Curse of Caine, this need
remains. This desire transforms a Domain into a home
and gives a sense of spiritual value to something
otherwise very pragmatic. Some roads, such as Sin and
Kings, advocate this more social aspect of the de-
mesne more vigorously than others, most especially
the Road of the Beast, which often shuns civilization
as a frail crutch for timid souls.

What does community mean to beings condemned
to slaughter their former kind for their daily bread,
beings for whom treachery and brutality are instinc-
tive? While it would be a gross oversimplification to
say that bonds of trust never develop between vam-
pires, genuine trust is a rare enough commodity in the
Cainite world to virtually write it off asa facet of social
interaction. Altruism is likewise nigh-nonexistent for
them. That said, what is it that holds Cainite societies
together? Companionship is one thing. A lifetime
alone is a terrible thing to contemplate for most
people. An eternity alone is tantamount to hell on
Earth. Even mistrust cannot eradicate the necessity of
interaction. No matter how deceitful or untrustwor-
thy a given Cainite, he is at least someone to talk to
and who understands on a level no mortal ever could.

This does not mean, though, that the society of
the undead is a healthy or natural thing. The very fact
that, unlike all beings in nature, Cainite elders do not
eventually die to make room for new leadership means
that their progeny are perpetually artificially held
back from fulfilling their potential. This creates an
inherent drive for patricide, stemming from the desire
to advance and to lead. As a result, fear becomes
integrated as an essential component of vampiric
existence: fear of the young and fear of the old (who
will destroy anything they perceive as being a genuine
threat). Also, as every other commodity known to the
Cainite world, sooner or later, degrades or disappears
with time, the only true measure of a vampire's worth
is the respect of his kind. A sickly sort of love can and
does exist between vampires and also contributes to
this unwholesome mix. The result is a paranoid mo-
rass of interactions that tend toward the reserved but
often spill over into the blatant when the need to
fulfill the passions of the Man or the Beast grow too
strong to ignore.

On the level of the coterie, one finds mentalities
ranging from the businesslike to the incestuous and
everything in between. These intracoterie interactions
constitute the "home unlife" of the average vampire in
the Dark Medieval and come to shape much of how each
Cainite thinks and acts. In any case, the coterie is one of
the only sources of relationships approximating those
between friends or relativesavailable to vampires. While
there may be close ties between sire and childe, or from
adoting mentor toward a valued neonate, most vampires
must content themselves with the relationships offered
by the coterie.

Where MoWMan Dares Tread:
Weretwolf Cacrns

While there is by no means a caern every ten
paces or so, the spiritual energy of the Earth flows
strongly in the Dark Medieval, and the Apocalypse is
looked upon mostly as a parable, a far-off possibility.
Further, human encroachment is simply not an issue
in many of the far-flung stretches of primordial wilder-
ness in which caerns are found; in some cases, perhaps
one human being in a century comes within a day's
travel of a given caern. Yet werewolves still gather at
these places, guard them and watch over them witha
commitment bordering on obsession. Many never
leave the territory controlled by their sept from the
time of their First Change. Why

First and foremost, the lupine blood of the Garou
carries with it a powerful instinct to remain within
certain acceptable "pack hunting grounds." Too much
roving leads to conflict between groups of Garou.

Gaia's warriors need considerable room to move and
to hunt, and the fear of trespass keeps many cubs
within the confines of their sept's territory. Just as
normal wolves do not often invite trouble by violating
another pack's lands, so too do werewolves, barring
necessity, keep to what is theirs.

Also, most folk in this age experience little more
in the way of travel than the journey from home to
market. While noblemen and priests might find them-
selves with the luxury of travel, the average tenant
farmer or blacksmith has few options in this regard. As
most homid Garou descend from these latter sorts,
their perspectives are likely to be colored by those
attitudes and ideas. Besides, travel is inconvenient,
bothersome and often dangerous. While werewolves
need worry little about being waylaid by bandits, other
things are certainly out there that would fairly salivate
at the opportunity to lay low one of Gaia's defenders.
Even if a given Garou is brash enough not to fear
whatever lurks over the next hill, most of her Kinfolk

- RIGHT. @F PRINGES + SD Se S
—s ee ~ FA

won't be, meaning that those who journey far are apt
to miss out on the opportunities to breed with the best
and strongest Kinfolk, opportunities which will be
enjoyed by werewolves with a bit more common sense
and a bit less wanderlust.

Finally, remember that most Garouare (and rightly
so) as superstitious a lot as the vast majority of medi-
eval humans and often more spiritual. Every caern is,
to Garou, the equivalent of the site ofa miracle, or the
place where a saint's bones are interred. They can
literally feel the Rage and power coursing through the
land where a great Ahroun fell in battle and the walls
between worlds grow thin where a Totem Avatar set
foot upon the Earth to bring together a particularly
legendary pack. Garou are drawn to these locations
and know that they must be defended. To do any less
isto turn one's back on the Motherand to deny the gift
She has given.

One cannot address the nature of the caern with-
out first understanding that it is only marginally a
space. Until shapeshifters make their homes there, it
is not acaern, but instead simply an unattended place
of power. The sept is the presence of the Garou there
and becomes an integral part of the caern through the
interactions of the People. The site is the capillary
through which the lifeblood of the Earth itself flows.
Just as Gaia's blessing impresses itself upon the Garou
so too do they imbue the caern with a bit of their own
nature. When one talks of the holy places of the
Garou, one must start with the nature of the caern and
its meaning to the Garou.

Life inthe Caern

What is it like to belong to a sept in the Dark
Medieval world? First of all, and perhaps most impor-
tantly, most septs are comprised of members of only
one tribe. A rare few draw their numbers from two or
three tribes, typically in areas that are on the geo-
graphic borders between the hereditary territories of
those tribes or in areas that have seen a recent influx
of refugees, travelers or invaders, but these are cer-
tainly the exception. Of course, the obligatory straggler
can be found here or there —a Silent Strider making
ahome for himself for a few months before moving on,
the rare outcast with enough useful skills to persuade
the elders from sending her on her way or worse — but
these are likewise rare.

Garousepts have one of the most efficient communica-
tion networks known to the Dark Medieval world. Their
howls, carrying for miles between the hills and through the
valleys, give them an advantage enjoyed by virtually no one
else. Ina world where the fastest commonly known mode of
communication isa courier on horseback, the benefits of the

\ OY oa — Nee ee ES ete —~, ~ oad
moe > ‘=e — +Ch Iwo + ie EI Ye
> HOME HEARTH
=>. ee ee x

power to convey information instantly overan hour's gallop
ormorecannotbe overstated. Thissaid, however, mostsepts
are really no less provincial in their attitudes and goals than
any other medieval community. News of the world travels
very slowly, and most Garou are less interested in the
happenings in far-off lands than the average peasant. While
some tribes are perhapsa bit more concerned about happen-
ings in the wider world than others (most notably the
Shadow Lords, Silent Striders and Silver Fangs), it isnever-
theless the norm for Garou to turn a blind eye to anything
thatdoesnotdirectly affect the caer, the bawnand the local
septmembersand Kinfolk. These two factors (swiftcommu-
nication and insularity) combine to result in septs that are
virtually worlds unto themselves. A legendary hero from a
sept a week's run away is likely to be nothing more than a
rumor (and probably an erroneous one at that) to the
inhabitants of the next nearest caern. Only the oldest and
mostrevered of the heroes from the Silver Recordare known
by a majority of tribes, and the enmity between tribes runs
almostas hot, in places, asthe hatred of Garoufor the Wyrm.
A young warrior of the Get of Fenris is apt to receive worse
than just an icy reception in a Black Furies' sept.

The Rage and passion of the werewolves runs
powerfully and openly in the Dark Medieval. Garou
are, by nature, animists; most feel unbound by the
moral constraints of the monotheistic traditions of
Europe and the Middle East and live their lives ac-
cording to the dictates of Gaia's law. Emotions are less
commonly hidden, for both good and ill. While anger
and jealousy are expressed almost as soon as they are
felt, excising any bad blood quickly and effectively,
Garou are sometimes crippled, killed or forced into
exile on account of it. This frankness and pragmatism
extend to the matters of the flesh as well. Garou rarely
feel the same sort of "uncleanness" that most people
associate with sex and procreation. Affection is dis-
played openly between Garou and their Kinfolk mates,
and, among those for whom shapeshifting into beasts
of the wilds is the norm, taboos regarding nudity and
the natural functions of the body are considerably
more relaxed.

Given a rather thin human population density, a
single sept might reasonably lay claim to all the land for
several days' run in any direction from the caern as the
area of the bawn. At least one or two human settlements
are apt to be encompassed in this area, save among the
most remote of caerns. Many Garou continue to carry on
a smaller and less ambitious version of the Impergium,
culling the weak and unfit from the human numbers, just
as they do for any animal that dwells within the bound-
aries of the bawn. Of course, with the Garou Nation
existing as disparate and isolated enclaves, there is
effectively no means of enforcing the laws of that nation
ona worldwide scale. Thus, a Shadow Lord sept might

J
4
ms
4
q

/


freely consort with vampires if the elders feel it to be in
their best interests and a Get of Fenris caern witha strong
but unorthodox leader might leave a Blight uncleansed
inorder to havea place to put the cubs through their Rite
of Passage. Local law holds sway in an age where every
community is its own microcosm.

Many relationships within a caern are amalgams
of the law of the pack and the timeless interactions of
early human tribes. Elders give guidance and inspira-
tion to the young by their actions, servings exemplars
of what is expected of sept members. While the
relations tend to be a bit more volatile, Garou in the
Dark Medieval world understand that the nature of
the pack encompasses strife and conflict as well as
compassion, and tender, familial bonds can easily
spring up between a sept's matriarch and the cub who
will put her down for control of the caern a decade
later. While this might seem counterintuitive to the
human mind, it is perfectly logical to the medieval
werewolf. The usurper does honor to her elder by
proving that she has been taught strength and re-
sourcefulness and serves Gaia well by casting down
the old and unfit so that a new generation can prosper.
In time, she knows, those she educates in the Ways
will lay her low as well. Thus are the young elevated
to their rightful place and the old spared the pain of
their scars and the ignominy of lingering infirmity and
a slow demise.

Just as the sept is a family to the Garou so, too, is the
caern a home and a sanctuary. Virtually all the assets of
a sept's Garou are to be found within the caern's bawn,
be they Kin, game, human or lupine allies and so forth.
A Silver Fang might have a bit of coin invested with the
Templars or a Fianna may know of a faerie
mound where an

ae f~ if yS——
Peet pe Ae Se ae jae
7. Se IGHT O!

ancient pact was made and the Fair Folk can be called
upon, but most werewolves have only what ison the land
claimed by their sept to rely upon. That said, Garou do
all they can to make a caern as defensible, comfortable
and prosperous as possible. Approach to a caern is
invariably detected at least a mile off, usually furtherstill,
unless the interloper is preternaturally stealthy and
knows his way around the Umbral protections, spirits
and caern Warder. In almost every case, an uninvited
guest is dealt with swiftly and messily.

The Beating Heart of Gaia

At the center of the caern proper, in the place
where the spiritual energy gathers (the Gnosis that
Garou can draw upon), the world becomes different.
The banal material world is peeled back to reveal the
fundamental essence of life itself. The land breathes in
time to a rhythm that can be felt on the edges of the
perception but never fully grasped. The caern's nature
(War, Plenty, Healing, etc.) is exemplified here. In a
place dedicated to battle and fallen heroes, the Garou's
blood rushes with the purifying fire of healthy, bal-
anced and instinctual Rage. Where the Earth has
been consecrated to spirits of Vision, prophecies and
dreams assail the senses, threatening to overwhelm
the weak-willed. No matter the caern's nature, the
Garou becomes as one with it for a moment.

The Gauntlet that severs the terrestrial realm from
its primordial twin is all but nonexistent here. Spirits are
seen at the corners of vision and the scents and sounds

of nature are too strong, too real, to stem

fromany mundanesource. No
matter what other emotions
stem from the caern, the
who
comes
to

werewolf

—#

this holy place feels intensely the reality of Gaia and the
Mother's love suffusing every fiber of his being. He
knows why he fights and understands truly what he is
and what his place is in the world. It is a time of
revelation and restoration. It isa vision of the world that
wasand can be again, a world whole in body and in spirit.

As the Garou leaves the center of the caern, she
can feel herself growing smaller, less than she was
when she basked directly in the Mother's light. Her
perfect sense of purpose fades, leaving her only with
what convictions she possessed before entering into
the heart of the caern. Suddenly, the senses of the
Garou seem weak and frail compared to what she
could perceive only moments before. Having been so
close to Gaia, she cannot help but feel an instant of

loneliness and isolation as the normal world reasserts
itself in her thoughts and she eases back into the world
of flesh and blood. Though each Garou remembers
the experience of drawing upon the caern differently,
all remember that it is the very essence of their struggle
against the Wyrm, the pure, perfect world that came
before the Weaver's webs drove the Destroyer mad
and rent asunder the many realms that were one.

Def ending the Cacrn

Just as wolves can be quite savage in the protec-
tion of that which they consider to be their territory
so, too, can Garou be an unfathomable peril to those
who would tread uninvited upon their caerns. Typi-
cally, at least one entire pack, the Warder's pack, is
dedicated expressly to the maintenance of caern secu-
rity. Additionally, all werewolves are expected to rise
up in the defense of the caern, should such become a

necessity. Given the distance a howl carries across the
average night, most of a sept's Garou can be roused to
come to its aid in short order. Naturally, threats may
come from many directions, both earthly and Umbral,
and the Warder must keep a careful watch in both
worlds if he is to complete his duties satisfactorily. To
this end, he often enlists the aid of the Caller of the
Wyld, who is usually on good terms with many of the
local spirits and should, ideally, be well versed in the
nuances and lore of the invisible world.

Most incursions against a sept in this era come,
ironically enough, from other Garou. Intertribal con-
flicts are not uncommon and are likely to become
bloody. Granted, the occasional terrible Wyrm-thing
comes crashing in out of poisoned swamps or up from
nightmarish caves lit from within as though by the
fires of Hell itself, but these monstrosities are rare. The
Wyrm's works cannot afford to come in such obvious
shapes. Certainly, there are no gibbering armies of
Black Spiral Dancers heaving their way up from the
wounded Earth like a cyst filled to bursting. Occasion-

ally, a group of human hunters of one sort or another,
possibly even aware to some degree of the nature of
their quarry, will stage an attack on a sept. For the
most part, the lucky members of such foolhardy hunt-
ing parties die quickly and painlessly. Those le:
favored by Dame Fortune have an opportunity to
know what it is they face and to contemplate the
howls of bloody vengeance closing upon them as they
flee in terror.

For most septs, it is not practical or even possible to
erect any kind of standard fortifications fora sept. While
the Silver Fangs and the Shadow Lords sometimes have
the resources to build stout walls around the castles and
forlorn towers where they house their caerns, the vast
majority of Garou must make do with less ambitious
protections. Keen eyes and constant vigilance take the
place of guardhouses and drawbridges for these septs.
Each werewolf is a veritable army unto herself, and few
foes are capable of breaching the defenses of even asmall
caern. When a serious threat does arise, the Garou act in
perfect concert, with the strength and unity of purpose
given only to those whose instincts make many wills as
one in time of duress. They harass foes from both the
Realm and the Umbra and how! in dissonant tones, so
as to mask their numbers and their locations. Their
attacks are of such stunning power and brutality that all
but the greatest or most foolish foes quickly attempt to
retreat. Most of those who flee are run to ground and
dealt with no more mercifully than their slower or more
stubborn allies.

Even as cubs fresh out of their First Change,
Garouare taught ways in which to benefit the sept and
its residents directly. This training, unsurprisingly,
includes tactics for caern defense. Given the indi-
vidual physical power of even a newly Changed
werewolf and numbers, considering that prowess, that
any tactician would consider downright prodigious,
this training makes a caern almost unassailable by any
save the direst of threats. Of course, such dire threats
do exist and, when they rear their heads, are cause for
swift and decisive action. In the darkest recesses of the
world are shapes bloated beyond recognition by pri-
mordial taint, the dread siege engines of the Conqueror
Wyrm. Likewise, some spellcasters have power be-
yond reckoning and greed and amorality to match
hunger for the energies of the Garou's sacred caerns.
Such beings and those of their ilk, few though they
may be, exist and are some of the viable threats to a
werewolf caern in the Dark Medieval world.

When the caern is truly imperiled, the Garou of
the sept typically use the harassing tactics of the wolf
pack, save on a grander scale. They supplement these
darting assaults and scare tactics with actual attacks of
savage abandon and primal bloodthirst that would


Pd

wie es tse ene:

—f,

}
|
}
t

a Teer se

4

stun the most brutal and sadistic of human warriors.
The Garou fight not for a piece of land but instead for
a reflection of the life force of the Mother of All, a
Mother whose presence they feel more acutely in this
place than anywhere else. Their fury when that life
force is threatened knows no bounds, and no words
can describe it. Some septs coordinate their move-
ments with military precision and others simply
unleash their warriors like a phalanx of insensate
berserkers, but all such defenses use the astonishing
physical might, feral instincts, amazing cunning and
spiritual gifts of the race to their best advantage.

The far more insidious threat to the caern comes
from gradual human encroachment. While the Garou
are thoroughly prepared to ward off one of the Wyrm's
spearheads with physical violence, they are usually in
much less advantageous a position to disperse the
teeming masses of humanity that are spreading in
ever-greater numbers across Europe and, indeed, the
world. Some tribes have greater influence with local
lords or with the populace at large than others, but
Garou, as a whole, lack the ability to direct the
movements of apes with anything approaching the
adroitness of their vampiric foes, the subtler tempters
of the Wyrm or even just greedy despoilers of an
entirely mundane aspect. Networks of Allies and
Kinfolk are vital in this aspect of caern defense. With
a Kinfolk as the chamberlain's page or the baron's
secret lover, the Garou of a nearby sept are much
likelier to know and to be able to anticipate and
neutralize threats to the caern long before they be-
come too great to manage. In the worst case, should
gentle influence fail to suffice, more than one Shadow
Lord has proved willing to secrete an apothecary's
most virulent brews into a ruler's cup, in order to place
a more pliant heir upon his throne. Likewise, having
a friend or relative inside the local guild, knightly
order or clergy isa boon beyond measure, for it enables
the werewolves to have eyes, ears and a voice where
they otherwise would not.

Whelping Litters and
Other Concerns

Perhaps one of the most important functions of
the caern and its environs is as a home to many lupus
and metis werewolves (what few metis are allowed to
exist) and a breeding ground for Gaia's warriors.
While homids may have the luxury of a home of wood
or stone, those who are born to the feral world of
wolves have no need of such trappings. The bawn
servesasa hunting territory for these wolf-born Garou,
and they are likely never to leave it during their lives.
Likewise, for those rare metis Garou who are given a

chance at life and yet whose deformities cannot be
easily concealed amnong the human populace (recall-
ing the manner in which infirmity and disfigurement
are usually treated in this age and considering how a
creature of primal Rage might respond to such treat-
ment), a life at the caern is the only real option.

For these Garou, the caern isa truly a home, as well
as a holy place. While homids must often contend with
the difficulties of human life in the course of their day-
to-day duties for the sept, the lives of lupus and metis are
often simpler, if not easier. The lupus population is
strongly represented in the Dark Medieval world, and
the caern groundsare often laid out ina manner pleasing
to their feral sensibilities. After all, homid Garou need
only attend the caern to do their duties, whereupon they
might return to their cottages and castles; the lupus must
make her life by what isto be found in the bawn and must
raise her pups there.

For the metis, however, the caern is truly a place
of surcease. Though abuse is likely heaped upon him
by his whole and healthy brethren, he is more likely to
find acceptance among the Garou there than any-
where outside of it, where he is apt to be just as roundly
mocked and scorned but without any
acknowledgement of what he is capable of. For most
metis, it is the best they can hope for. Those who are
fortunate are even occasionally recognized for strug-
gling three times as hard as any lupus or homid cub and
may be given an opportunity to dine upon the scraps,
rather than gnaw on gristle and bone. Even in those
septs that treat the metis like lepers, there is a small
shred of comfort that comes from belonging to the
pack, the satisfaction of one of the basest instincts of
the Garou.

A View Closer tothe Earth:
Lupus Perspective

Garou born to wolves need little in the way of
contacts with the village priest or midwife and nothing
of gold and silver. Of what use, then, in terms of assets,
are the caern and its environs to the lupus Garou?
Certainly, the average lupus will care little for the
comings and goings of the king's foresters (if, indeed, she
can even speak their language), but friends are not
always to be found among men alone. While the lupus
Garou may disdain the trappings of human civilization,
she is nevertheless a being of superior intellect to her
wolfish brothers, and all of Gaia's creatures are apt to
seek gain and prosperity with whatever means their
knowledge and instinct afford them. In short, there is
nothing unnatural about the wild-born werewolf who
wishes to make the best and most sensible use of his sept's
Hunting Grounds.

Anextensive birth-pack can provide a ready source
of Allies and Kinfolk for the lupus Garou; though not so
great in number as in ancient days, wolves are still quite
prolific in this age, and a goodly number have relations
among Gaia's warriors. Contacts can often be somewhat
difficult for the average lupus to come by, although the
clever always find means. For those who can speak to
beasts, particularly wise, clever or pragmatic animals
may live in asept's territory and would gladly share their
knowledge of the movements of men, other woodland
creatures or even terrible beings that walk gleefully
outside of the natural order, in exchange for a morsel of
food or a bit of information in kind (or even in exchange
for being spared as a meal).

The point of the matter is that many ways exist for
a lupus Garou, should she wish, to use the grounds of
her sept as a basis to acquire, maintain and even
expand her Backgrounds. While a cunning old lupus
Ahroun is a fearsome predator, how much more dan-
gerous is that same Ahroun when surrounded by her
kin and her friends among the spirits and informed of
the goings-on of her territory by bird and beast? Garou
recognize and respect industry and intellect, as well
raw physical prowess, and a lupus (just like a homid or
metis) can get by perfectly well without any alliances
to fall back on, kin to aid him or mentors to guide him.
Many of the most successful do, in fact.

Pooling Backgrounds

Garou have as much incentive to pool their assets as
any band of Cainites or cabal of mages. In fact, they have
apowerful instinct toshare what they have communally.
Just as the pack sees to the needs of all of its members so
too does the sept strive to see that no Garou goes
without. In many ways, asept is made up as much of what
assets its members can bring to bear as by the werewolves
who compose it. After all, the kind of sept twenty Silver
Fangs are apt to produce looks far different than that
which thesame number of Bone Gnawers might give rise
to. The collective Backgrounds of the sept help, in large
part, to define those differences.

Far and away, the most common Backgrounds
for Garou to pool together and use as an Anchor for
their sept are Kinfolk or Hunting Grounds. Each
Anchor has its own advantages.

Hunting Grounds

Almost every Garou in the Dark Medieval world
calls a Hunting Ground her home. This is where she
lives, eats, sleeps and engages in the rites, traditions and
practices of her race. It is also where her ties in the world
begin. She may have been raised into the traditions of
her people by an older Garou at the caern encompassed

2

PHuimanaGeaunos ExaMrle

- Site of the Teutoburg Massacre (Hunting
Grounds 5, Mentor 3, Kinfolk 2)

When the warrior-chieftain Arminius de-
feated the legion of Publitis Quinctilius Varus,
he forever sundered Roman power in Germania, ,
| laying the dividing line between Latin- and

i ‘Germanic-speaking peoples at the Rhine.-The
' battle was a slaughter, and only a handful of the
thousands of men who composed the Varian .
Legion limped back to Rome. Needless to say,

- thisis considered.a prestigious Hunting Ground }
among the Fenrir, and the young pack that has.

| claimed it, for both its use and their lupine

- Kinfolk, has impressed its elders. This prestige is
represented by a pooled rating of Mentor, indi-

. cating several higher-ranked Garou who are
willing to pass on a lesson' now and then. The
battleground itself was'a narrow strip of cleared.
lands between impenetrable forest and fetid bog,
though the Hunting'Grounds encompass:the /
terrain for many miles around, This primal wil-
derness, even now, only rarely sees the tramp of

| human feet." Ee

Se RES as Soe Se

by the Hunting Gina, finding a Mentor in the
process. If her human or lupine family live nearby, the
Hunting Ground also serves as a shelter for her Kinfolk.
If normal (non-Kinfolk) humans live there, she can use
the Hunting Grounds asa springboard for finding Allies,
Contacts or Influence. In short, it is in the best interests
of the individual werewolf to find advantage in the place
she will likely call home all her life.

It would not be out of place to think of a werewolf
Hunting Grounds as part of her family, as much a part of
it as her Kinfolk, packmates and septmates. They influ-
ence the way she grows up among the Garou and color
her view of the world around her. Hunting Grounds have
a fundamental character all their own and affect and are
affected by the Garou who care for them and use them.
They are the only place where a werewolf can feel as
though she belongs. Just as werewolves can never truly fit
inamong ordinary humans, they never quite feel at home
when outside the boundaries of territory that mark the
outer perimeter of the Hunting Ground. It is an instinct,
as deep-seated as the need to stalk prey and to mate.

Garou should feel the life of the Hunting Ground as
surely as they do the living essence of the caern or the
very real bonds between packmates. The outgrowth of
Backgrounds from the Hunting Ground should be a
natural one. Each werewolf helps to define the life of
such places by making connections, and by using the

=< => \ AAA, ~\
Qo —<—— ; == = 2.1
J ae OS


e+ te

natural resources of the land (whether those resources
come in the form of simple friendships, useful alliances,
material wealth or even political connections), rein-
forces one of Gaia's most fundamental lessons: waste
not, want not. Todisregard the aid the Hunting Grounds
can offer, whether subtle or obvious, is to deny, in some
way, the bounty of the Mother who gave it.

Rinfolk

Kinfolk are a resource as valuable to werewolves as
the power of the caern itself, representing as they do no
small measure of the future of the race, as well as
connecting werewolves back to their more terrestrial
heritage. Human Kin are capable of serving as a link to
the world of men, and many can, with a bit of training
and perhaps a bit of string-pulling on the part of their
wolven brethren, come into positions of power and
influence, assets that can be lent to the Garou in times
of need. Naturally, such Kin are likely to fall into roles
appropriate to the tribe's focus (with Bone Gnawer
Kinfolk apt to be thieves, beggars or vagabonds and
Silver Fang Kin more often than not descended from
noble blood, with equal measures of warrior instinct and
princely demeanor), though having relations in slightly
less orthodox places, such as a Kinfolk scholar for one of

_-KINFOLK ExampLe :
Wines Crossing (Kinfolk 5, Resources 3,

Hunting Grounds 2) :

The tiny settlement of Wines Crossing, in
the south of France, doesn't actually produce
any wine but is surrounded by vineyards. Mer-
chants looking to buy and sell wine come from

' several directions and ‘often wind up buying
bread and other sundries from the inhabitants.
The village is odd‘in that it doesn't have a
church, but travelers thus far have not made,

"too mucha fuss out of this. The village is also
unique in that most of the inhabitants, are
Kinfolk' to the Boné Gnawers. The' pack's ~
extended family often, produces Garou: chil-
dren, and the most recent generation decided
to stay close to home and guard the village
from the Albigensian Crusaders. The pack's
Resources come from the monies and goods of
the village itself, and the Garou use the sur-
rounding area as Hunting Grounds. If the +
Crusaders were ever to discover the village, the
pack might be*in.a great deal.of danger, as‘at
least. some of the villagers know the exact
location of the nearby sept "and might well

éollapse-under torture... -
Ce
as — '
Lod a= we
f Z A Lf ——

_ = "
a ttt IS 5

-/=* =

the Fenrir or a powerful knight serving as Kin to the
Black Furies, can also be of profound value. Hunting
Grounds, on the other hand, give a pack access to larger
swaths of territory to call their own, which means better
feeding, better land on which to rear young and a little
more breathing room, to prevent tempers (and Rage)
from flaring due to close quarters, as sometimes happens
among werewolves. Hunting Grounds can serve as home
to considerable numbers of Kin (many of whom may
become involved in commerce, politics, the Church or
any of the other institutions described above)

On a related note, Totem may not be used as an
Anchor or included in a Background pool. It is, of
itself, aseparate Background pool and functions under
entirely different rules. (All of this, of course, is much
more thoroughly explained in Dark Ages: Werewolf.)

It is important to recognize that while a small

enclave of ambitious vampires or cadre of inquisitors,
for example, may hold exclusive dominion over a
single stronghold of their respective group, it is highly
unlikely, almost unheard of, for one pack, no matter
how powerful, to keep an entire caern to itself. The
network of Backgrounds pooled by a sept is more often
shared on the level of the pack, rather than by the
members of the sept as a whole. On the other hand,
when dire threats to the safety of the caern arise, this
means that the average well connected sept is capable
of bringing a frightful amount of resources to bear

SH the Shadow of the Cross:
Holy Ground

The Inquisition's greatest strength when it comes
to creating a resource out of its sanctified earth is
undoubtedly to be found in the fact that ordinary
people often flock to such sites in untold numbers,
hoping to be blessed by the bones of saints, by the sites
where great miracles happened or within the walls of
great cathedrals. In this fashion, adherents to the
faith, many with useful skills, knowledge or connec-
tions, come into regular contact with the inquisitors
and can be directed to lend their aid in the name of the
Cross (whether they know it or not)

Holy Ground can be created by rituals known to
some inquisitors or by the power of belief that coa-
lesces around holy sites, such as places where miracles
occurred. Alternatively, it can be discovered. More
than one piece of Holy Ground is simply found, with
no explanation for why it is there. Typically, these
inexplicable sanctified sites are weaker than those
tied to known phenomena. Higher-ranking inquisi-
tors often maintain that these places probably manifest

their powers through unwitnessed Acts of God, ex-
ceptionally holy thoughts, actions that occur under
the cover of anonymity (such as tending a dying man
or offering kindness to a leper or plague-stricken
individual) or proximity to holiness (such as being a
place where a saint rested while upon her journeys or
a site where a believer was martyred in obscurity).
Often, members of the Inquisition try to discern the
source of such Holy Ground (so as to honor the cause
of each manifestation properly), but the truth of such
matters is only rarely discovered. Most times, they
must simply content themselves with the knowledge
that the Almighty wishes it so.

These sites are more than just gathering places for
the Inquisition and all Christians of true faith, they
are the Will of God given shape and form. They are
places where the divine makes contact with the pro-
fane and thereby elevates rude and base matter into
something sublime. Holy Ground is a small reflection
of the world for which the Inquisition fights, a world
united under the one true vision of the Lord.

Bleeding for Saints:
Defending Holy Ground

The Inquisition benefits froma considerable num-
ber of holy sites in the Dark Medieval world, but this
fact does not make them lax in the defense of even one
such miraculous place. It is important to bear in mind
that each and every patch of Holy Ground is, in some
way, a place where God has touched Earth and imbued
the land itself with His holy might. Inquisitors rally
around these points, using each a staging ground for
their never-ending war against the forces of the Ad-
versary. What would the Inquisition do to defend the
Holy Ground with which the Almighty has blessed
them? Better still would it be to ask what the Inquisi-
tion would not do to guard such a precious commodity.

The value of the individual has yet to sink in to the
European psyche as a whole; human rights are a concept
still centuries off. Thousands of lives have been lost to
"teclaim the Holy Lands from infidels," and many within
the Church would argue that no cost is too great to work
God's will (as interpreted through the designs of His
clergy) on Earth. In part, this stems from a dogmatic
fanaticism, in part from a hypocritical desire for earthly
power and in great part due to the mindset that says that
the average man is a resource to be exploited by his
betters. In coming centuries, these factors will bear bitter
fruit in the incarnation of the Inquisition that brings the
organization to infamy. In the Dark Medieval, such
attitudes result in siege mentality, grim determination
and a willingness never to count the cost of service,
regardless of who pays that cost.

Ig Ski ot)

Naturally, not every inquisitor so readily accepts
this ethic of throwing the lambs to the wolves, but
nothing can be gained by saving men while failing
God. Some inquisitors are likely to put themselves in
harm's way rather than to risk the lives of those lay
people who serve them, but others will take whatever
steps are necessary to preserve the Sword of the Faith
as well as its territory. Some do so out of pragmatism
(after all, who will be there to defend the whole of the
Flock should the shepherd fall in the defense of one?)
and others out of more mundane reasons, such as
cowardice or selfishness.

What are some of the actual tactics used by the
Inquisition to defend its Holy Ground? Misdirection
is almost always the first line of defense. Who can say
whethera given abbey isashelter for sanctified ground
or nothing more than it seems? Most of the monstrous
denizens of the Dark Medieval world have better
things to do with their time than to scour the country-
side, sniffing out hidden enclaves of divine might.
While a handful of the Adversary's demons might be
charged to such time-consuming and inglorious posts,
the proliferation of structures owned by the Church is
so vast as to make this proposition untenable for even
an immortal being. Hand in hand with the philosophy
of misdirection, of course, is the power of ignorance.
Those who do not absolutely need to know where Holy
Ground is, do not. Every person who knows the
location and nature of one of the Inquisition's sanctu-
aries is someone whose lips might be loosened by dull
wits, drink or even torture or demonic influences. All
told, it is safer for most involved parties to never learn
of the true significance of the places where they live,
work and serve. Even high-ranking clergy outside the
Inquisition's power structure (or, perhaps more accu-
rately, especially those clergy) are kept away from as
much of this information as is feasible; such persons
are tempting enough targets for all manner of assaults
and enchantments on the part of night-devils and
necromancers, without adding to their allure with the
secrets of Heaven's warriors.

Should these measures fall short and the location
of a parcel of Holy Ground come into imminent
danger of compromise to the enemies of the Al-
mighty, the Inquisition retains a few options. If this
threat is discovered through word of mouth (by Con-
tacts, Allies or the like), individual inquisitors can set
their friends and associates on the problem. Ideally,
the threat should be neutralized, but most inquisitors
will happily settle for throwing the offending creature
as permanently off the trail as possible, in the case of
beings too powerful to confront directly or those with
whom open conflict is, for whatever reason, impos-
sible or unfavorable. The fewer actual inquisitors who


have to expose themselves in these affairs, the better.
This returns to the principle of misdirection. Should
a potential threat prove easiest or most convenient to
dispatch through direct inquisitor involvement, the
organization will not hesitate to do so, but it will
always attempt to work in as much haste and secrecy
as possible. If, on the other hand, an enemy should
grow too close to the Holy Ground in question too
quickly, or with sufficient stealth to make the use of
outside resources impractical, then the inquisitors

move in with as much force and speed as they can
muster. Many of the world's evils are long-lived beings
unaccustomed to swift and decisive response. While
protection of the inquisitors' identities and the pres-
ervation of their lives are, as always, priorities, neither
is the priority in such an instance.

Should a siege by the forces of the unholy befall
Holy Ground, the inquisitors are expected to repel the
foes of Christ with everything at their disposal, no
matter the cost. Fortunately, Holy Ground itself con-
stitutes a powerful weapon against the enemies of the
Cross. Many of the tricks and conjurations of super-
natural beings simply do not work in these places, or
else their effects are sorely hampered (see page 197 of
Dark Ages: Inquisitor for particulars of an inquisitor's
capabilities on Holy Ground). Further, inquisitors are
fortified in spirit by the closeness of the divine and are
impelled onward to fight with great fury and righteous
anger. Some sites are lucky enough to have one or
more somewhat more mundane guardsmen, such as
knights or men-at-arms, and these warriors will like-
wise be loosed upon the encroaching darkness,
bolstered by the powers of faith, if this is at all possible.
Regardless, those who would invade the Inquisition's
bastions swiftly come to learn that the guardians of
these places sell their own lives dearly in their defense.
More often than not, astraight assault on Holy Ground
is a futile effort, and the Inquisition can repel all but
the best planned and armed and most mystically
potent of these attacks

The Inquisition can also call upon more mundane
soldiers of the faith. Despite the desire to maintain
secrecy, the Inquisition is certainly not above making
use of the laity (or unknowing clerics) in the pursuit
of defending the sacred charge entrusted unto them by
God Himself. Blatant attacks upon Holy Ground can
easily be brought to the attention of local lords or
functionaries, whom the clergy may ask to lend sol-
diery to the aid of the site (though given the Church's
power and influence, such a "request" can easily and
legitimately be phrased in the form of a demand). As
churches, monasteries and other structures serving in
the capacity of chapter-houses are regarded as central
gathering points and important holdings by priests

princes and peasants alike, it is not hard to win the
support of the local people in the defense of such a site.
While it may be fear as much as loyalty that motivates
the people to do so (since no one wants to answer to
the Almighty on Judgment Day as to why he failed to
rise to the defense of his town's chapel), the Inquisi-
tion cannot argue with the alacrity with which the
common man is moved to the aid of the Church when
an obvious threat to it arises.

If the loss of Holy Ground seems inevitable, the
priority then becomes the deconsecration of the land.
While it may seem counterintuitive to undo some of
the only protections remaining to those inquisitors
holding out against the besieging force, this measure
is viewed as an absolute necessity by most. The
deconsecration is viewed, and rightly so, as a terrible
price to pay, but it is, in the end, ultimately far
preferable to the alternative. Most inquisitors weep at
the thought of snuffing out a tangible sliver of God's
love in the world, but all choke back their bile at the
notion of allowing a sanctified site to fall into the
hands of darkness. The blasphemies that can be com-
mitted upon such ground, when its holy power isat last
subverted, are too terrible to contemplate. Of course,
the fates of those inquisitors and their associates left
alive at this point are usually as predictable as they are
horrible, but Heaven's pure works must never be given
to the Adversary and its innumerable minions.

When an attack is repelled, the inquisitors quickly
set about the business of fortifying the Holy Ground
against further attack. Such a locale is never as vulner-
able as just after an assault. New inquisitors, guards, clergy
and help are brought in, if necessary, while the site
remains on the highest state of alert. If need be, physical

repairs and modifications will be made to the structure,
if any, housing the Holy Ground. Networks of infor-
mants will be dispatched in haste to inquire into who
might have taken an undue interest in the happenings at
the holy site, so that the Inquisition can begin to gather
intelligence on any new potential enemies. As quickly as
ible, outward affairs are made to seem normal and
mundane, even as some rather exceptional preparation
and reaction goes on behind the scenes. The very mission
statement of the Inquisition tends to attract some of the
most militant and paranoid people to its cause, and thes
attitudes are reflected in the state of defense created after
Holy Ground is successfully threatened.

When Holy Ground is actually lost, with no time
or opportunity for deconsecration, the Inquisition
must act hastily or forever accept its own failure in
light of the trust extended to it by Heaven. Most
beings capable of taking Holy Ground from a well
entrenched cadre of inquisitors (and, given the seri-
ousness with which the Inquisition looks upon these

pos


sacred sites, one would be hard-pressed to find such a
group that was not well entrenched) are also largely
aware of the land's properties and how it might be
warped and twisted to suit far more sinister ends. Cults
of diabolists, hideous pagan spirits, demons and other
such walking nightmares lust for opportunities to
saturate these sanctified places with their evil and so
unmake a small piece of the Almighty's handiwork in
the world. Thus, when Holy Ground is lost, the
Inquisition moves with strength, precision, ruthless-
ness and, above all else, swiftness. Messengers are
dispatched on strong steeds, bearing missives to as

many known inquisitors as can be reached ina reason-
able amount of time, usually two or three days' hard
ride at the absolute most. While these riders thunder
out across the land in search of more swords with
which to beat back the night, the rest prepare. They
bless and consecrate weapons, seek the intercession of
Archangel Michael and call upon his strength to
fortify the limbs and hearts of the faithful as they enter
into the lion's den. Many inquisitors offer and take
final confessions and Last Rites, for to lay siege to that
which was lost is perhaps the most deadly of proposi-
tions, and the harshest possible resistance is to be
expected. When entering into such a battle, the
inquisitors fight not for their lives, nor even their

Rite OF DECONSECRATION

(Levet Four riTus)

This rite is one almost never taught to .
young inquisitors, for its purpose is terrible to
contemplate and is a burden best shouldered by.
those with experience. Any.who would attain a

| position of authority within an Inquisition

| Chapter-House would do well to learn it; how-
"ever. The' Rite of Deconsecration serves to
sever the divine connection that imbues Holy
Ground with its miraculous properties; forever
annihilating the mystic nature of a sacred site.

System: This hour-longritus, performed on
the Holy.Ground to be deconsecrated, is.real-
ized through Careful and undisturbed recitation
of prayers and chants. The entire process is
usually undertaken. while kneeling before an
image of the risen Christ, imploring His forgive-

"ness for denying a measure.of God's light to the
- world, that it shall not ultimately be turned to
evil purpose. The rite requires the expenditure
of 3 points of Conviction (it is a powerful act of
will'to countermand God's glory made mani-
| fest, no matter how compelling the reason.)
Success rescinds the land's blessings and ren-
ders the site spi

a

souls, but instead for a shard of God's favor upon the
Earth. No suffering is too great to endure and no price
too high to bear.

When the time to retake lost Holy Ground finally
comes, the assault is stunning in its savagery, and any
weapon at hand, short of Infernalism or other blasphe-
mous powers, is freely used. Typically, it is considered
foolish and unhelpful to conduct intelligence before
the attack. As the layout of the area is intimately
familiar to most of the inquisitors at hand and little
time is given to alter the layout of the site signifi-
cantly, no real reconnaissance needs to be done. Also,
as most of the beings capable of wresting Holy Ground
away from its guardians have exceptional powers of
perception of one sort or another, spying on their
comings and goings tips the Inquisition's hand. If the
attack can be conducted by day, it will be, for this is the
time when devils and their ilk are at their weakest. If,
however, the reclamation cannot be conducted with
due stealth during sunlit hours, then nighttime must
suffice. Of great (though by no means primary) impor-
tance is the Inquisition's ability to keep the conflict
secret, so as to preserve the ignorance of the people
and prevent a panic. The sword, the torch and, of
course, the crucifix are among the mightiest weapons
the inquisitors can bring to bear against their enemies.
Naturally, the miraculous powers of the Inquisition's
most faithful warriors also figure heavily into their
efforts, especially if no degradation of the land's holy
properties has yet occurred. Although the desired end
is the destruction of the defilers, driving them out and
fully retaking the lost Holy Ground is the far greater
concern, and the Inquisition's foes are only rarely
pursued in such an instance if they manage to flee.
Purification rites and securing the location are much
more immediate necessities. If the place cannot be
successfully retaken, then as many inquisitors as pos-
sible will try to win their way through the actual Holy
Ground, in order to deconsecrate it before it can be
bent to dark purpose. If at least this much is not
achieved, then every inquisitor involved in the recla-
mation effort has fallen and the world has new cause
to weep for the evil that will blossom where once only
purity took root.

BlasphemousRites

When Holy Ground is truly corrupted by forces of
evil, be those diabolists, demons or other, more eso-
teric avatars of darkness, Lucifer wins another jewel
for his crown. Naturally, this isn't a process that takes
place overnight, which is why inquisitors answer a
successful siege with all due haste. Typically, it takes
at least several days to prepare Holy Ground for
defilement. The Storyteller is encouraged to be as

» eT os os
ea Z Na eee Se ieorstetieg aS ~
PRE Site? La add. SL EEE CHA Wwo- i is
~~ . 3. "HOMEANDHE __ £m ~~


fiendish as taste and comfort allow with the
rituals that go into the corruption of Holy
Ground. This is an opportunity to show the
inquisitors firsthand the nature of the things
they fight. Traditional tools of the aspiring
defiler include (but are by no means limite
to) blood, human and/or animal sacrifice,
human waste, inverted or perverted religious
symbols, chants or writings, supplications to
dark powers and acts of carnality and sexual-
ity (most especially those of a bestial or per-
verse nature). Often, these objects or acts
will be placed or performed upon the holiest
locations within the Holy Ground itself. Ina
church, for example, the altar itself is likely
toreceive unwholesome attention. Religious
artifacts will also be turned to the usurpers'
unholy ends. If the body of an important
erred e Holy Ground, it may
well be dug up and placed into a blasphe-
mous or obscene position. Acts of defile-
ment are most often specifically negations
or inversions of the holy rites of the Church
and strike at the most venerable and power-
mbols of that institution.

If the corruption of the Holy Ground
can be successfully accomplished, it is likely
to be turned to a terrible reflection of it
former purpose. A former healing spring's

aters may cause sickness and fever when
consumed or act as a virulent poison. Earth
from a shrine once consecrated to the pro- ¥
tection of travelers may cause misfortune
and suffering when it is sown upon a cross-
roads or at the doorstep of an inn fr
quented by pilgrims. Evil cannot create and
is confined to mutilating the traditions,
practices and acts of goodness; what
itmakes, it makes only by mockery
or selective deletion of purpose.

Naturally, not all those who
wish to uproot inquisitors from
their Holy Ground are Satanists
bent on the destruction of all
that is right and good, but one
would be hard-pressed to

xpress that perspective
to an inquisitor m
termsshe would un
derstand or ac-

cept. Whilealo-

cal Ventrue

lord may sim-

ply wish to

ee

+ RIGHT-OF PRINC


see "those troublesome Christian soldiers" dispatched
and their sanctuary (an object of pain and discomfort for
all Cainites within his fief) destroyed, all that the
Inquisition sees isa thing of darkness and evil striking out
against the very Will of God. In any case, for those who
lack the inclination to offer Holy Ground up to Name-
less Lords or any such foolishness, such a site can also be
obliterated by physical destruction. The power residing
in the land usually stems from a combination of an
object, relic or structure and the powerful faith that
stems from that focus. By sending servants to burn down
a building or destroy a particular sword or robe, much of
the Holy Ground's power can be dissolved — enough, at
least, that it will come to dissipate fully in time. If the
land itself is the source of the Holy Ground's power, then
those without recourse to demonic powers are left with
far fewer options. Short of burning and salting (which,
of itself, is not a certain method), all that can be done is
to attempt to draw on the lore of the faith to undo the
land's consecration. A tale circulates of one particularly
canny Lasombra in Iberia, for example, who arranged for
anumber of usurers to set up shop atop a particular patch
of troublesome Holy Ground, drawing his example from
Chris ault upon the moneychangers at the temple.
Indeed, in time, the sacred power of the land faded and
was withdrawn entirely.

APlace of Ganctuary

In addition to serving as a bastion of faith against
the denizens of the night, Holy Ground is also valu-
able as a place of rest and succor for members of the
Inquisition. When such powerful sites are discovered
or created, cathedrals and monasteries are built atop
them if possible, making these locales homes to the
defenders of the faith, as well as their rallying points.
But what is it like to dwell somewhere that lepers
come to be cured or a statue of the Blessed Virgin
weeps blood on the anniversary of the Crucifixion?

Few people can ignore the veritable saturation of
otherworldly forces that congregate at the sanctified
wellsprings knownas Holy Ground. Depending upon
the nature of the site, feelings of benevolence, watch-
fulness or compassion may be sensed. Likewise, certain
among these places radiate powerful sensations of
remorse, severity or even rage. It all depends upon
the nature of the Holy Ground in question. The
burial place of a martyr who never lifted a finger
against her persecutors and remained impassive, with
abeatific smile on her face, as she was torturously put
to death will have a much different aura than one
where a hundred night-devils were put to the torch
and ten good inquisitors lost their lives, crying out
the praises of the Almighty and begging His aid in the
pitched battle.

>

Regardless of the nuances of its nature, all the
residents of a given piece of Holy Ground tread lightly,
for even the most dull-witted or spiritually bereft can
sense a definite connection to the Divine, a closeness of
powers not of this Earth. Hypocritical or lax clergy are
likely to feel uncomfortable or guilty while dwelling in
such places, as though the Eye of God is trained upon
them in judgment. Children, idiots and other innocents
usually instinctively feel safe on Holy Ground, unless the
site is attuned to powerful negative emotions, in which
case the fanatically zealous are apt to be drawn there.
Adherents of other faiths typically feel either out of place
or nothing special at all. Those with strong convictions
are likely to be most drastically affected or, conversely,
completely unmoved. If reason may be found in whether
agiven rabbi, witch or shaman is touched by these forces
or not, it is not a reason readily understandable to the
human mind. Naturally, the land itself scourges in spirit
Infernalists and those of their ilk by the proximity to the
Divine offered by Holy Ground, regardless of their level
of faith in the powers they serve.

Veteran inquisitors often have wise words of coun-
sel for those newer to the cause when such raw recruits
first come to the Holy Ground that will serve as their
base of operations. For some, it is simply a gentle
assurance that the dreams about angels are not un-
usual and that the advice they offer in such visions is
to be heeded and acted upon. For others, the wisdom
offered is of a far less comforting variety, whether that
is to ignore at all costs the terrible screams coming
from the catacombs or to be prepared to be tempted by
a terrible demon that comes to draw the pious off of
the true path and into temptation and damnation.
Visions, miracles and the spirits of saints, while cer-
tainly not commonplace on most Holy Ground, can
often be encountered with far greater frequency there
than almost anywhere else. After a time, the odd and
disconcerting become a bit more commonplace to the
long-term resident, especially when that resident is an
inquisitor and has, perhaps, some small amount of
greater insight into the nature of these happenings
than most, even among the men of the cloth.

Other Gods and Other Faiths

Most practitioners of magic in this age consider
what they do to bea holy art. Not all sacred space falls
under the purview of the Cross. Among the peoples of
the Crescent, the mystics known as the Ahl-i-Batin
work with great skill to sanctify places, through the
arts of enlightened geometry and spiritual sciences, in
the name of the Most Merciful. Likewise, among
Hebrew mystics, the secrets of creating holy places
date back to the Temple of Solomon. Both of these


"Se er RR EE -prmemences

Pa

~

faiths similarly have important si
divine intercession, rather than human artifice.
s many forms, however, and the
faiths descending from anc! el by no means have
uch practices. Among the Slavs, shrin
dedicated to Perunn and Svarog still stand in fierce
defiance of efforts to eradicate the ancient ways. Witch-

FANTASTIC HAPPENINGS

es sacred places are subject to odd
conjunctions with other spiritual realms,
both benevolent and malign. These amazing visi-
tations can adda great deal of flavor and personality
toa given parcel of Holy Ground, as well a lending
them a true sense of the magnitude of that which
the Inquisition fights for (or against). In a given
cathedral, perhaps the odd pass
sionally hears a choir of surpassing beauty with no

ng acolyte occa-

discernable source. Though it should be eerie or
of such
splendor that the listener is moved to tears, rather

even frightening, it is instead a thing

than terror. For the less fortunate inquisitor, there
might be only a scribbled warning, telling her to
"beware the Black Man"
her nunnery and a visitation by a seductive man
with skin like coal, revealing himself at midnight
of her first Sunday there, a man who offers to fulfill
her most secret and shameful fantasies if only she
will take his hand.

when she first arrives at

These elements of the fantastic serve to ce-
ment the idea that the Inquisition is in constant
contact with all manner of otherworldly forces.
While such strange happenings should not be used
to the point of becoming commonplace, neither
should a Storyteller fear to insert them where and
when appropriate. While C
where the supernature is a matter of nightly unlite
and mages have truck with gods, spirits and de-

cainites dwell ina world

mons of all descriptions, the inquisitor is, in many
ways, an average person thrust into a very strange
world with only her faith as her sword and her
shield. Most of what the Inquisition deals with in
day-to-day life is not the direct power of the
supernatural, but instead the ordinary people they
are trying to defend from the machinations of that
hidden world. Placing such direct manifestations
of the occult within the very sanctum of the
inquisitors, whether as ally, enemy or simple curi-
osity, is a compelling way of never allowing the
characters the luxury of being very far from that
hidden strugg

Ro

ee Sess
+ RIGH FOF PRINCE

anal other such place:

desses. From Scandinavia to Kievan Rus, from Wales to

Outremer, one finds countless locations holy to those

who would call upon the mystic arts. Within (and

without) the auspices of the Catholic Church itself,
ertain Christian mystics serve as caretakers to what any

i round, yet many

ites have never known an inquisitor's gaze.

Non-Christian sites do not qualify as Holy Ground
(at least, not in the sense that the Inquisition would
understand and be able to use it), though mystic
phenomena appropriate to the particular faith are
certainly possible. On a Hebrew site, this might mean
the ability to breathe life into a golem, whereas an old
Celtic one may allow for rites to beg the aid of the Fair
Folk. While these places cannot grant vast sorcerous
powers to those who do not possess them, they can

ster the capabilities of believers skilled in the
magical arts and may allow for flashes of intervention
for the benefit of an unskilled member of the faithful
in times of dire need. In the case of particularly
powerful sites, supernatural powers stemming from
other faiths may be stymied or, in the most extreme

ases, altogether cut off, an important fact for the
overzealous inquisitor to keep in mind when pursuing
a "demon" back to its den.

While on the topic of demons, it is prudent to
note that in some places the land itself has been bent
to the purposes of evil. In some cases (as mentioned

y in this chapter), this land is Holy Ground
that has been captured and warped by un! forces.
In others, a given site may be a holdover from the time
of vast and terrible beings, demon-gods of the Near
and Middle East, or land so haunted by the footfall
the Infernal that it has always been so twisted and
unwholesome. Indeed, many kinds of demons stalk
the Earth, not all of them such literal servant
Lucifer as most Catholic scholars would believe, and
the natures and effects of the lands such beings claim
as their own are as numberless as the stars in the sky.

Wisardry, Magic and
Sacred Space

Even for those practitioners of the myriad mystic
arts whose roots fork into practices more temporal and
less sanctified in their purpose, there is something to be

id for the sense of sanctuary and protection that come:

from havie ing "holy ground." A wizard's keep is where he


dens so too is a mage at her deadliest when confronted
in her place of power.

The feel of such a place, regardless of whether the
wizard is sinner, saint or simple unbeliever, is often one
similar to that found at many mystically fortified holy
sites; a strange aura pervades the land and makes one
foreign to the mage's beliefs feel out of place or unwel-
come. The sole difference in this case is that the
otherworldly air surrounding the sorcerer's sanctum is
more often than not a product of a powerful human will,
rather than the touch of the divine. Still, it does not do
to attempt any broad categorizations when dealing with
mages. The best rule to adhere to is never to be surprised
by whatever seems to hold a mage's tower or grove apart
from more mundane lands, be that spirits, the power of
the self or even the touch of the Almighty.

Most sites of true wizardry are crays, the gathering
points of mystic energies. Those with the gift of
sorcery defend these lands as fiercely as any werewolf
guards her territory and with as much cunning as any
Cainite monitors his fiefdom for threats. Though
perhaps not as blatant in their displays of power as
they were even a decade or two ago, spellcasters are
still beings of great and terrible rage when roused to
defend their places of power.

For the most part, mages are apt to look upon their
demesnes with the same sense of protectiveness com-
mon to werewolves or members of the Inquisition.
While many cannot be said to feel any kind of spiritual
bond to the land, they understand the scarcity and
value of places of power and defend them vigorously
against threats. Unfortunately (or fortunately, de-
pending upon the views of the individual mage),
many crays are located far away from large urban
centers or other human settlements, making them at
times inconvenient places for the garnering of mortal
influence and the acquisition of goods and services.
For some, such as the Spirit-Talkers or the men and
women of the Old Faith, this is not much of aconcern.
For others, like the Order of Hermes or the Ahl-i-
Batin, who rely heavily upon trafficking in Commoner
affairs, this can be a serious difficulty. Still, for the
perceptive mage, opportunity may be had in even the
most remote locations, and what might seem, at first
glance, to be a barren and uninhabited land may in
fact be teeming with unconventional resources.

Protecting the Cray

When defending a cray, most mages are not,
contrary to common opinion and folk tales, likely to
hurl lightning at the intruder or turn him to stone with
a glance. In fact, as most Commoners are simply
without the means to detect or use the power invested

in.a mystic site, they will pass such a place by without
taking notice of its special properties. Thus, wizards,
witches and shamans usually need only allow trespass-
ers to move through, none the wiser, in order to keep
safe the location and grounds of the cray.

If an interloper of a more knowledgeable nature
should come across a mage's demesne, whether by
accident or by design, the response depends upon the
individual or, if the cray is held jointly by many mages
(as is often the case), the group. Some, like those of the
Order, are apt to send a party of wizards out to
intercept the intruder and question her, in a brusque
but cordial manner, as to the nature of her visit. In the
case of the more wild and primal Spirit-Talkers, on the
other hand, all outsiders might be regarded as intoler-
able threats to the sanctity of the site and attacked
mercilessly. Some Hermetic Covenants may also re-
spond with fire and the sword first, asking questions
later, and many Spirit-Talkers are more curious about
visitors than angry, so one should never assume the
best (or worst) until there is a bit of evidence to
support the theory.

Should an interloper come with violent intent,
however, all subtlety and courtesy are cast aside. Any
would-be assailant is likely to be subjected to the most
potent offensive powers at the wizards' (or, in the case
of an individual, wizard's) disposal. If the mages have
Commoner servants or mystic beasts at their com-
mand, these are often dispatched first to deal with the
interloper. If these deterrents prove ineffective, the
mages themselves become involved. Thunder from
the sky, assaults of psychic force to twist and shatter
the mind and angels and demons summoned forth to
put foes to the sword — all these and more may appear
on the field of battle when acray or other site of mystic
power is threatened.

It should be noted that many crays and other
places of power are successfully assaulted every year.
Most creatures that dare to approach a group of mages
in their sanctum with conquest in mind do not do so
without well laid plans and the means to do so readily
at hand. The single greatest threat to a cray or other
magical site comes in the form of other mages. The
Order of Hermes and the Messianic Voices have been
particularly guilty of this affront, sending large num-
bers of well trained magi to usurp control of powerful
crays from their rightful owners, citing "superior"
beliefs as justification enough. In this age, where
might is as sure a right to rule as wisdom or inherit-
ance, their claims are not so far-fetched. Other mages,
of course, are not innocent of this act, from the brutal
rune-mages of the north to the blood-witches of the
Old Faith. Other beings with a lust for mystic power,
such as dragons, chimera and High Umbrood, may


66

THE HOUSES OF FIENDS

ne group that warrants a bit of extra
mention at this juncture is the Clan of

Fiends. No other Cainites are so intimately tied
into the power of native land as strongly as are
the elegant monsters of the Tzimisce. While the
Fiends' powers and capabilities tend to lend
themselves well to dominion overa given locale,
there is something horrid and unclean about a

patch of land claimed by even the youngest of

zimisce, as though the very nature of the clan
infects the earth upon which the Cainite treads
Most often, this effect of contagion, reflecting
the most common demeanor of the Tzimisce,
causes soil to turn ashen and decrepit, beasts to
become sly and vicious (even to the point that
normally shy and timid animals take on a stance
of active malevolence toward man) and ordi

nary mortals to adopt a sullen and apathetic
aspect. This is not always the case, however, as
evidenced by the raw carnality of the Szantovich
and the brute savagery of the Bratovich, as well
as by the attitudes evinced by some of the less
orthodox or more progressive-minded of Fiends
In the Domains of Embraced revenants, for
example, low barbarism might take hold, with
wild flora feeding upon hot spilt blood, or las-
civiousness and pervasion find root and thrive,
beguiling the unwary traveler with the danger

ous allure of the flesh. Likewise, those Tzimisce
who do not subscribe to the image of the solemn
Cainite lord, brooding in his crumbling
mountaintop manor, may give rise to other ter-
rors entirely. In one fiefdom, passions cool to the
point of being eerie or altogether absent and
cold reason finds increase. In another, the dull
fear of the average Tzimisce's serfs is replaced by
anightly swell of abject terror, as winds howl and
dark spirits take wing upon those ill-omened
gales. In any case, these effects of this connec-
tion to the land are always for the worse, as the
Curse of Caine impresses itself upon the land,
striking at its shape and mutilating its spirit

Still, as decades become centuries and then
millennia, each Fiend can comfortably settle
intoa land warped to mirror the very contours of
her soul. While members of the other High
Clans can talk a great deal about the ties be-
tween the rulerand herdemesne, for the Tzimisce
it is an indelible reality.

hn. ios

i i a de

Spee

*RIGH EOF PRINCES -

attack a cray, seeking to slake their thirst for
Quintessence at any cost.

Holy and Unhallowed

The Cainites of the Dark Medieval also have their
holy sites. Many Lasombra, for example, take time out
of their unlives to give respect and veneration at the
tomb of El Cid. What place could be holier for an
adherent of Haqim's Road of Blood than Alamut, the
Eagle's Nest itself? Even the usurping Tremere, who
are said to venerate nothing save power, hold Ceoris
the ancestral chantry of their house, in something of
a sacred light. For those who walk the Road of Kin,
perhaps it is the tomb of Charlemagne that inspires
reverence and devotion, while the site of Constantine's
revelation may be held in highest regard among those
who would tread the Via Caeli.

Many of the places vampires regard as sanctified
stem from truly alien schools of thought and moral
codes. Most normal humans feel, at the very least,
uncomfortable and out of place at these strange shrines

nd monuments. Even without the abhorrent flesh-
sculpting arts of the Fiends or the horrific desecrated
temples of the Baali, something about those places
where Cainites go to find truth is inherently menacing
and unwholesome. After all, the truths conducive to
the life and mental and spiritual well-being of a Child
of Seth have little to nothing to do with those native
to the undead state. Even the most noble-minded and
well-meaning adherent of the Via Humanitatis is some-
thing decidedly other than mortal, and this otherness
—the patience of the undying, the power to see with
some measure of perspective and a keen understand-
ing of true evil — is invariably reflected upon these
places. While some twisted and maniacal mortals
could, conceivably, find a sense of succor and grace in
aplace sought out by Cainite pilgrims, these incidents
are rare enough as to be regarded as strange omens by
the mystics of the roads. By and large, the Children of
Seth and the Childer of Caine do not agree in their
interpretations of the divine, any more than they do
over their choice of sus

A Thousand Voices
in the Night

Many other denizens of the Dark Medieval
their home territories, holy sites and sacred places.
would be a grave disservice not to dwell, even if only
briefly, upon those locales and what good (or ill) might
come of exploring them. The following treatments are
by no means comprehensive and are meant to serve

a aa ON

-


more as a superficial primer than as any kind of reliable
guide. A travelershould bear this in mind when trespass-
ing upon the territory of the Daoine Sidhe in Eire or
crossing the line of glyphs scratched into the outer
perimeter of the Den-Realm of a Bastet in the Rus.
Those who do not let wisdom and discretion prevail
when walking in such strange lands are far more apt to
leave those lands in tatters than on their feet, ifever they
leave at all.

Strange Dens:
Other Changing Breeds

While the Garou are certainly the most numerous
of the Changing Breeds, they are by no means the only
shapeshifters of the Dark Medieval. For the elusive cat-
folk called the Bastet, strange realms of spirit tied to the
individual are passed on at death to descendants or
trusted students. The ancient and benevolent bear-
changers, the Gurahl, tend their caerns much as the
Garou do, save that they most often do so in solitude
rather than in numbers, counting upon their powerful
spirit magics and nigh-unstoppable physical might to
ward such lands from harm. If the wayfaring Corax call
any such places home, they have yet to make these sites
known to other skinchangers.

As a tule, as with the Garou, these holy sites are
dangerous to venture to, and few unwelcome guests are
fortunate enough to walk away from them unscathed.
Granted, certain Changing Breeds are an exception to
this rule (the faerie-kin Ceilican Bastet, for example, are
likelier to respond to an interloper with an attitude more
befitting a mischievous fae than an eight-foot-tall living
siege engine), but most go out of their way to drive off
intruders, at the very least.

Unfortunately for the hapless traveler, few tales
circulate of shapeshifters other than werewolves (in
Europe, anyway), meaning that little lore exists as to
how to properly comport oneself when treading on a
werebear's land or how best to protect against its rage,
should it take offense. Then again, given the ferocity
with which the average shapeshifter defends its home,
this is perhaps unsurprising. The only distinctions the
werewolves have in this regard are numbers and a
particularly fierce and persistent legend (both of which
contribute to the considerably greater bank of folklore
surrounding the Garou than, say, the Rokea), holdovers
from the War of Rage and the Impergium, respectively.

Folk who know that they will be treading upon
ground stalked by a skinchanger would do well to carry
a bit of silver, preferably in the form of a knife or other
small weapon, easily hidden from sight but available if
needed. Most people lack the means to be toting about
blades of silver, however, no matter how small, and so

simpler wards must often suffice. These protections vary
by place and means, but most are, at best, a frail shield.
The sad truth of the matter is that there is very little that
can be done to avert the wrath of the Fera when they
believe they have been wronged. When a pair of eyes
that gleam strangely against the full moon's light loom
overhead, the best that one can usually hope for is a
quick and relatively painless death.

Under Hills and Between
Stones: Arcadian Glens

The Fair Folk are a whimsical and mercurial breed,
their affairs and bloodlines only occasionally inter-
twined with those of mortal men. Strange, wild magics
tule in their places of power. Men who fallasleep in aring
of mushrooms awaken a hundred years later and not a
day older and little boys who do not make the proper
signs when crossing over an enchanted barrow are
cursed with the ears of an ass or struck dumb. Unfortu-
nately for the average traveler, little exists to distinguish
a hill claimed by a high lord among the Sidhe and any
other common hill. Centuries of coexisting with the Fair
Folk keep the locals informed as to where to tread with
respect and where not to tread at all. Thus, wanderers of
all sorts are apt eventually to disturb a site sacred to the
children of Arcadia, unless they exercise caution and
good judgment.

For those wise in the ways of the fae, a scant few signs
can be relied upon to know how best to steer clear of
faerie mounds and other such (often the best policy):
moss that grows on the wrong side of the trees, perhaps,
ora brook whose flow sounds a bit too much like gentle
laughter. While these methods are by no means infal-
lible, they are at least some small proof against the wrath
of the fae, which is terrible indeed.

If an uninvited guest is extremely fortunate, it is
possible that any Fair Folk who might abide in such a
place of power are away or in slumber, or else unwilling
orunable to deal with the intrusion. While some rare few
tales do circulate about good fortune coming to one who
treads unknowingly upon faerie land, most such stories
end in pain, misery, madness and even death (or fates far
worse). Sadly, there is no sure way to predict when the
lords and ladies of Arcadia come and go, nor any simple
formula to discern when a bridge troll is off counting his
coin or a dryad away from her tree to bathe in the lake.
Thus, a number of simple wards and charms have come
into common use when crossing land claimed by the fae.
The best known of these folk magics, by far, is cold iron
(which hasneverbeen forged by fire but is instead beaten
into shape cold). Most folk wise in the ways of the faerie,
however, would hasten to point out that the mere
presence of the stuff is bane to the children of Arcadia

. =
‘ —~ i. WO ne > teeny XQ Ys \
hee Ee eet — two ——— /-—— er

NE ' oe alld tts aL RIES epg

|
:
{

SS

MEN


and grips them with terrible throes of agony. While
effective at dispelling their sorcery and a strong ward
against their approach, cold iron does tend to rouse the
ire of the Fair Folk in a way almost nothing else does.
Those who must cross Arcadian expanses are
advised instead to consider one of the less offensive
wards against faerie magic,
such as turning one's
clothes inside-out. Also,
simple courtesy goes a
long way. While the
etiquette of the fae
is a complicated
matter, most will
allow an intruder
to pass unmo-
lested if the
interloper treats

4.

* call home, and safety may be found in numbers, a

the faerie's land as he would the home of a king or
archbishop, with humility, reverence and cautious
respect. Though it may seem demeaning to do so in
some cases and blasphemous in others, few things in
this world are more dangerous than a faerie enraged by
what he perceives to be a slight to his honor or a
challenge to his demesne.

Crypt and Battlefield:
Ghosts and their Haunts

Death is rarely a peaceful release. Priests rail at
terrified parishioners, informing them that most will
suffer the agonies of hell, cast beyond God's sight into
terrible loneliness and oppression. Those who die
unfulfilled are likely to discover that those priests
were, for the most part, right. Many of the unquiet
dead are tied to those places that were important to
them or to the place where they died or were interred.
One who died a particularly gruesome death may
become mindless or twisted into a shade of awesome
and frightful rage, bound to haunt the village where
she was raped and killed or the wing of the nunnery
that caught fire, burning her alive as she pleaded for
help. Those who enter into a ghost's
abode can often feel it. The hair rises
on the back of the neck and a sudden
chill takes the air, even on the balmi-
est of days. Animals will not willingly

draw near, save perhaps for crows,
owls and other beasts that tread the

paths between life and death.

If one listens closely, perhaps a
far-off footstep can be discerned, or a
moan or whisper. The dead often envy the living and
interlopers can usually feel that overwhelming jeal-
ously, like a cold hand upon unsuspecting flesh.
Time passes strangely and geography and distance
become muddled. Will-o'-the-wisps sometimes
manifest and strange shapes move across reflective
surfaces, attached to no earthly form. Yet even in
these houses of the dead, a perverse life of sorts
manages to thrive and flourish.

The shades of the dead are often drawn
to the company of those like them-
selves, coming together in places
where they might ape the cus-

toms of the living and so
forget some of the ceaseless
pain of being dead. After all,
other things, far worse, fierce
minions of Hell, stalk the ashen
fields and malevolent woodlands the dead

‘ee

+ RIGHT OF PRINCES -

EE

lesson wisely carried over from life. The places where
these shades congregate often grow thick with the
remembrances of lives long past and a pervasive mel-
ancholy sets in, devouring hope and happiness and
replacing it with unrelenting misery and a feeling of
betrayal by a heaven that never came to claim these
lost, pathetic souls.

For the most part, the dead cling to their haunts
because those places remind them, in some way, of
their time among the living. These sites sustain their
connections to the sunlit world and are the few oases
in an otherwise barren and terrible land. No wonder,
then, that these unhappy shades do what they can to
repel any who might bring harm to such locales.
Naturally, the first defense that might be called upon
by the dead is the fear and discomfort their very
presence often engenders. In an age of superstition,
almost all creatures shun those places allegedly fre-
quented by forsaken souls. When the presence of
those souls is a palpable thing, a shadow that falls
upon the heart and exhales an icy breath upon the
back of the neck, a malevolent dread worms its way
into the conviction of even the most stout and coura-
geous spirits.

If, however, simple terror fails to suffice, many
shades have other resources to fall back on. Some
ghosts favor subtle manifestations: the far-off rattling
of spectral chains, unformed half-whispers at the edge
of perception, especially vivid and disturbing night-
mares. Others lash out with all the rage and frustration
of those forever denied the pleasures of life and the
bounty of Paradise, shattering glass with unearthly
displays of force, making walls run with rancid blood
and distorting the very fabric of time and space. Some
have even been known to intrude upon the flesh of the
living, overpowering the will of the one thus ridden
and driving out interlopers with more corporeal in-
centives. Protections depend largely upon the
proclivities and capabilities of the shade (or shades) in
question, but all are generally quite effective. Few,
afterall, have the desire to contest the dominion of the
dead, and fewer still possess the resources to do so. All
told, it is often far wiser to let the ghosts of the dead
have what lands they would call their own.

.  UndstheRest

Naturally, the demesnes outlined above are only
the commonest sorts a traveler may encounter (if
anything about the supernatural world can truly be
said to be "common"). Wilder tales still make their
rounds, in the dark of night, about the campfire.
Though rare and bizarre, the avid wanderer would do

well to take heed of these tales, not only for the
information (or misinformation, as is more often the
case) they may contain but also for the constant
reminder of the myriad shapes of the unknown and
the fact that one will never catalog them all, much
less understand them, whether one has a single life-
time or a hundred with which to try.

Spirits lair in their own strange homes, and many
still abide, at least partway, in the world of men. The
territories to which they lay claim are warped and odd
by human standards. Such primordial beings answer
tonoearthly authority in either the execution of their
choices or the reasoning behind those choices. To
most God-fearing Europeans, spirits are pagan de-
mons or devils of some sort, and that assessment
might as well be correct for all the hospitality the
average person is apt to receive from one. Most such
creatures have a curious sense of morality and a very
different idea of where human beings fit in the greater
scheme of things. It is said, by those with the erudition
to make such bold claims, that the varieties of spirits
in the world are without number, both in their indi-
vidual classification and in their overarching
"families," but these are concerns for scholars and
sages. All that the average traveler in the medieval
world needs to know is that these ephemeral beings
are best avoided entirely, lest they turn their atten-
tions, to whatever unknown and unfathomable ends,
upon oneself.

In quarters further removed from the heart of
Europe, the accounts grow even more unreal. In far-
off Araby tales are told of jinn who walk the desert
sands and of undying sorcerers who trace their lin-
sages back to the days of the pharaohs. Upon the
steppes of the Rus, one hears stories of great and
terrible dragons and of deathless ancients who are one
with the land. On the seas are terrible worms and
sirens. The homes claimed by these beings are as
varied as the creatures themselves. All that can be
said with certainty is that such places are dangerous
ground on which to tread, at least as dangerous as the
castle of any vampire or the home of any magus.

To sum up, home and hearth are universal con-
cepts, and all of the many things that lurk in the
hidden corners of the Dark Medieval world value
them. For some, it is a sacred institution, while others
see it as a sanctum that must not be violated. Some
small few even look to their homes as any normal
person might. In almost every case, however, it is a
place of shelter, rest and comfort. In this, if nothing
else, the numberless souls, dark and bright, walking
outside the bounds of common mortality are alike.

~ wy i NO een eres i ey aan Cat ~
Bit oS eee 2g _a CHA BWO a /
i = »<


H\ \W.
Ni \

AN


APTERsCHREE:
DING. ChE
GACES

"It is not unseemly fora man to die
fighting in defense of his country."
— Homer, The Iliad

This chapter deals with creating an area of influence, improving
it, joining forces to reap the benefits of cooperation and guarding it
all against the enemies that are sure to come. The chapter is intended
for both players and Storytellers as a source of both story ideas and
game systems on how to combine diverse interests, branch out into
new areas and defend territory with mundane and supernatural
means.

Strange Bedfellows

This is a book about players and their characters working
together, with the players pooling their various Backgrounds in order
for the characters to create a demesne that is larger than one of them
could hold by himself. As such, most Storytellers will want to have
the players create their characters together, making sure that the
characters share a Background pool (as described on p. 157 of Dark
Ages: Vampire) and possibly also have common interests, goals and
ambitions. Of course, interesting and intense chronicles can spring
froma group that is divided in purpose or harbors internal backstabbingj
but even such a group may want to pool their resources.


Ifthe characters, be they a coterie of Cainites, a pack
of Garou, a cabal of mages or an inquisitor cell, have not
combined their assets to begin with, it can be a bit
troublesome for them to doso when the game hasstarted.
Cooperation might not be one of the themes of the
chronicle, but the players (and their characters) might
later realize the benefits of working together. Their goals
might require them to achieve a level of power that can
only be reached through pooling their resources. Or the
Storyteller might deliberately have set up the game so
that the characters start out as independent individuals
who must then find a way to work together to overcome
a threat or obstacle. In an established group, the Story-
teller, or the players, might wish to change tracks,
focusing the game more on gaining power and influence.
Perhaps the Storyteller sees the group slipping apart,
with all too varied ambitions and goals making it un-
likely the characters should stick together anymore. In
such a case, forging a shared Background might be just
the thing to bring the characters back together. As
Totem ties together a pack of werewolves, a newly
discovered cray could be an ideal device to bring a

a

scattered cabal of mages together, while a dockside area
unclaimed by any Cainite will be a good reward for
cooperation in a coterie that is drifting apart.

A chronicle that starts out with the characters not
knowing each other or not sharing an Anchor Back-
ground can be an interesting and intense one. One of the
key elements of roleplaying is interaction, and if the
characters are required to combine their various re-
sources, there will likely be a lot of talking, negotiation
and deliberation (especially if the Storyteller or players
have arranged that two or more of the characters have
wildly different goals, ambitions or ideas). This generally
works best with vampires, as the Children of Caine are
infamous for their individual ambition and lack of trust.
There is no reason why it cannot work with other kinds
of characters, however. Mages are also quite fractious,

and while werewolves and inquisitors might be united in
a common holy cause, groups are still made up of indi-
viduals. A Shadow Lord from Hungary will have vastly
different ideas than a Bone Gnawer from Poland on how
to combine a number of Kinfolk and contacts in the
nobility in order to secure control over — or shut down
—asilver mine

When it comes to characters trying to build an
Anchor "after the fact," it is important that all have
something to contribute. If one of the players has sunk all
her points into individual Backgrounds like Fount (or
Ancestors, Generation, etc.), then she will not really
have anything useful to give to a group trying to build a
domain. Allies, Contacts, Resources, Influence, Do-
main, Retainers, Kinfolk (for werewolves) and even
Mentor are all good contributing backgrounds. Not all

JUST TO REITERATE

(5) ith all this talk abour pooling Back

V grounds, it might be a good idea to take
v look at the various Backgrounds and see which
ones can actually be pooled
rounds available to all
Allies, Con-
The
demesne Backgrounds (Domain in Vampire, Chap:
ter-House in Inquisitor, Chantry in Mage and

The "standard" back
characters can be pooled. These are

tacts, Influence, Mentor and Resources

Hunting Ground in Werewolf) can also be pooled
ind make for the most common Anchors.

For inquisitors, the Backgrounds of Flock and
Holy Relics can be pooled. For mages, the Back
grounds of Cray and Library may be pooled. Sanctum
might, with the Storyteller's permission and a good
story, be combined, though only for mages of the
same Fellowship. Under normal circumstances,
Familiar cannot be pooled, but see Chapter Four for
1 variation on this. For werewolves, Totem is always
1 pooled Background, but exists separately from any
other Background pools can never be an Anchor. A
Storyteller might allow Kinfolk to be pooled if the
entire pack (or a majority) is from the same tribe.

characters need to posses the same Backgrounds. One
might contribute the money to the project, another the
laborers, a third the approval of the nobility anda fourth
the a

By far the easiest, and also most logical, Anchor to
build from scratch is a demesne Background. The de-
mesne represents an area that the group controls in some

istance of a powerful patron.

fashion or another. It is also likely that this demesne is
known to belong to the group. For vampires, this prob-
ably means that the local prince has recognized this as
the coterie's Domain (or that one of them is the prince).
For werewolves, the demesne will be seen as the pack's
territory. For mages and inquisitors, the demesne usually
only covers a building or an estate but sometimes can
expand to include a larger area. This, of course, does not
mean that the area is universally protected from others
who might try to take it over, only that any ambitious
enemies need to be either subtle in their approach or so
heavy-handed as to deter intervention

For a new group coming together, a demesne repre-
sents the characters' shared territory, their sphere of
influence from where their other joint ventures arise,
and is a representation of the fact that they are commit-
ted to joining forces. It is probably also the place where
they make their homes. As such, the entire group will
have an interest in protecting and expanding the de-
mesne. This makes it an ideal tool for tying the group

=

brs eh,

+ RIGHT OF PRINGES - P ay oe

a


more closely together. Just going out and forging a brand
new Anchor Background, or in fact any new Back-
ground, is not an easy task, however (if it were, there
would be no reason to invest points in it from the start).
Building up a new demesne, or extending an already
ting one that one of the characters has, likely re-

e
quires a lot of work (and roleplaying), but when it finally
succeeds the players and their characters will be that
much more interested in protecting and expanding it.
The first part of establishing a demesne is finding the
territory. The problem is that most good territories are
likely to have been taken already. A group can either try to
take over an established demesne (but players should
beware, as the Storyteller has probably read the section on
guards and traps later in the chapter) or try to build up a
suitable demesne from scratch, more or less. Different types
of characters have different preferences when it comes to

demesne (see Chapter One), but beggars can't be choosers.

After a group has chosen its area, it needs to gain a
measure of control over it, as well as make sure that others
of its kind recognize it as the characters' demesne (unless
they wish to keep it a secret). For vampires, getting the
permission of the local Cainite lord is good idea, although
it never comes easily. If an area has no recognized lord, it's
ay from everything that it will notsuit the
needs of a coterie. For werewolves, "marking territory,"

probably so faraw

physically as well as spiritually, helps to indicate it as
belonging to someone. The group should make sure to be
on good terms with the nearest sept, especially if it isn't its
own. Mages tend not to be as competitive as vampires for
areas of control (except in the case of mystical sites; then
they are even more so) and have a far less structured and

organized society than either vampires or werewolves. The
Batini, Hermetics and Messianic Voices have hierarchies
that can recognize a certain area as "belonging" toacertain
cabal of mages, but other Fellowships will have to make do
on their own. Inquisitors usually seek the approval of a
higher-ranking member of their order or the local Council
of Faith when trying to establish themselves in a new area.

Obtaining practical control isnot necessarily the same
as owning the demesne, though if one is rich ornoble, itcan
be. Bear in mind that in 1230, the Church or the local
nobility owns most large areas of land, although people can
own houses and smaller plots of land. Control means that
the group is able to influence the affairs of the demesne,
from having the ear of the village elders to blackmailing the
city clerk in charge of a stretch of docks. In fact, control is
actually more likely to mean sway when it comes to the
mortals of the area and can be represented with other
appropriate Backgrounds, suchas Allies, Contacts or Influ-
ence. Ifa group is seen as having this kind of influence over
ademesne, it truly allows it to claim the demesne and helps
deter others from taking it over or starting trouble. The
various types of characters handle this differently.

oe

Vampires usually use blackmail, bribes, threats or
other means of coercion to sway affairs in an area. Some
young and inexperienced Cainites resort to the use of
Disciplines or the blood oath, but older vampires frown
upon this practice as unnecessarily heavy-handed and
potentially dangerous. Using these tactics indicate that
the Cainite is not intelligent and skilled enough to exert
his influence in more subtle ways.

Werewolves, except for the Bone Gnawers and Ward-
ers of Men (and occasionally the Children of Gaia), rarely
choose Hunting Grounds where the influence of the
humans living there is of any import. For them, control
means guarding the demesne against outside threats (see
below). Bone Gnawers and Warders both tend to influence
affairs in their demesnes through Kinfolk in strategic
(though not necessarily powerful) positions.

Mage demesnes vary greatly, from ruins in the middle
of the wilderness to the teeming masses of a large city.
Their method of retaining power also varies, from mages
who hold titles or membership in merchant houses to
those who simply have friends in the right places. Some
mages would rather not use their magic to gain the
influence needed to hold a demesne, while others (espe-
cially pagan mages in pagan territory) have no such
qualms. The Spirit-Talkers, the Valdaermen and mem-
bers of the Old Faith are often respected among
Commoners for their magical abilities, and as such
securing a position of influence is easier.

Inquisitors have it relatively easy when it comes to
influencing the affairs of their chosen demesne. After all,
they are doing the Lord's work, and it would be a foolish
man who did not heed the word of a Man of God. Of
course, many inquisitors prefer to operate undercover,
better to lure the enemies of God into a false sense of
security. They tend to draw upon either their contacts
within the Church or whatever wealth or nobility their
backgrounds give them.

One character might already have a demesne, in
which case the process in somewhat simpler. The char-
acters who are to share this demesne need somehow to be
"introduced" to it. It must be recognized that these new
individuals are now also a part of the demesne, both by
the people of the demesne itself and by those who know
that the demesne is under the control of the character
who first had it.

The Storyteller sets the level of the new demesne
Background. One dot per character involved is generally
a good starting point, though this depends somewhat on
the type of demesne chosen. Smaller demesnes should
have some dots assigned to security, while a larger
demesne might not be fully recognized as the characters'
territory yet, orsome of it might fall outside their control.
Good or bad roleplaying, clever ideas and any other
factors the Storyteller thinks appropriate can influence

—— a <— ee ee a wr — eo mas
: 5 oe GUARDING THE mS :


But Wuat Does tt Cost?
be general, Backgrounds cannot be bought

with experience points (but they can be
increased with Maturation points; see p. 166 of
Dark Ages: Vampire). Ifa group bands together in
game to create an Anchor Background, either a
brand-new one or one that it built ona Background
already possessed by one of the characters, a Story-
teller might want to charge experience points.
Charging experience points is entirely optional.

After the Anchor has been firmly established,
each player contributes one experience point. If the
Anchor is built on a Background possessed by one of
the characters, so that the group is simply expand
ing that Background to include them all, then that
player need not contribute experience. Contribut-
ing to an already existing Background does not
increase the size of the demesne, unless the Story-
teller decides so and the players have been working
toward this as part of building the new Anchor
Contributing to an existing Background may in-
crease its rating, since things like security and other
options might change as more characters add their
particular touches.

For example, four players have decided that it
would be logical for their cabal of mages to try to
build a chantry together after a few sessions of
getting to know each other. After much toil and
trouble, the new chantry stands ready and the
Storyteller charges each player a single experience
point for this new Anchor Background, which the
Storyteller decides starts at four (based on the size of
the area, already established in the chronicle). If
one of the characters already had Chantry as a
Background, the player of that character would not
have to pay experience toward the new Anchor

the final size of the new demesne. Creating a new
demesne from scratch should take at least a few sessions,
with plenty of opportunities for the characters to make
choices, for good or ill.

Building a demesne after the chronicle has started
often results in the players ending up with a smaller Domain
than if they had put points in it from the start, as the starting
size will usually be equal to the number of players contrib-
uting. This limits their other shared Backgrounds. Such is
the price of not pooling from the start, and it is also a

wonderful incentive to increase the size of a Domain.

Putting the Pieces Together

Once the group has managed to build up its Domain,

itcanalso begin to pool other Backgrounds, as described on

p. 158 of Dark Ages: Vampire. Since the Anchor repre-
sents the common interest, the pooling mightbe something
that has already started during the process of building the

nchor. Also, pooling Backgrounds allows the group to
transcend the normal five-dot limit, but it is not as easy as
simply adding up the dots and seeing what the new level is.
Atthe very lea: required,

well as some introduction to contacts and some moving
of servants. If one character has three dots of Allies, which
are defined as friends among the bandits that roam the
countryside, and another character has Allies 2, defined as
clergy whom that character debates theology with, they
cannot slap the two together and end up with Allies 5.
They don't cover the same areas, and combining them will
eater whole. Uniting to create a pool of
to be made in the way the
Backgrounds are described. If one character's Resources
s from the lands he holds by virtue of his nobility and
another character's from the embezzlement her ghoul
performs while working for a big merchant house, maybe
it's time for the nobleman to trade his surplus grain through
said merchant house.

some rearranging of resourc

not yield a
Backgrounds requires change:

com

Generally, a Storyteller will probably want to as:
penalty of minus one for each contributor who contributes
more thanone dotto Backgrounds pooled after the

ample, if a group of four characters is trying to pool their

tacts of 4, 3, 2 and 1 respectively, they end up with a
pooled Cont: of 7. Once again, good roleplaying and
clever ideas can reduce this penalty. A reduced total,
however, is a good incentive to start rebuilding, which can
lead to some good roleplaying opportunities.

Remember that no pooled background can excee
the Anchor Background. In the case of newly pooled
Backgrounds after the creation of a new Anchor, this
doesn't mean that the exce: t or destroyed. Instead,
it can be thought of as "in transit," unavailable for the
moment, as the new Background pool is not yet large
enough to incorporate it. Once the Anchor Background's

isle

rating is increased to accommodate the larger pool, more
of it becomes available, at no cost. To continue the
example above, if the newly created Anchor Back-
ground, Domain, has a rating of 6, then one level of
Contacts is not available, though it will be so when the
Anchor reaches 7. In story terms, this is because the
trying to keep up with expanding the
phy size of its domain that the characters don't have
time to keep in touch with all of their potential sources
of information, and some of their more distant Contacts
hile.

coterie is so busy

get ignored for a

Guards and Wards

One of the main problems with building a successful
territory, be it a physical demesne, a network of merchants


or influence over nobles, is that others are likely to see just
how useful the group's territory is and either try to take it
away or destroy it. Elder Cainites fear the power of the
young coterie, another cabal of mages wants the cray that
the cabal has found or a power-hungry archbishop is not
content to see a group of inquisitors swaying the nobles of
his see. This is nota bad thing fora chronicle. After all, one
of the cornerstones of roleplaying is experiencing troubles
and overcoming them. Little fun lies in just leaning back
and watching your character accumulate more and more
influence without any difficulty whatsoever. Also, it is not
realistic, even in dramatic terms. Nobody exists in a
vacuum, and few people are able to gain power without
stepping ona few toes on the way. Enemies are not the only
threat; natural occurrences, such as weather or sickness,
might threaten influence.

Threats can be both physical and social in the Dark
Medieval world. They can also be either mundane or
supernatural. It is impossible to guard against all kinds of
threats, buta little preparation goes a long way. Remem-
ber that the examples below are the most well known
and that the key to defending territory lies in improvisa-
tion and innovation.

The easiest threats to understand, and thus to insti-
gate, are physical threats. Someone is trying to take over
the group's territory, kill its contacts or threaten the
people who grant them influence. If a pack of Warders
uses its influence with a band of local mercenaries to
attack the ruined keep where the Black Spiral Dancer
Kinfolk live, the Dancers may attack the headquarters of
the mercenaries and try to kill them all. If the coterie of
young Cainites has managed to turn a waterfront bor-
dello into a combined haven and feeding ground, the
witch hunters can charge in during the day with torches,
crucifixes and steel.

Physical threats are also generally quite easy to guard
against. The Warders can post a few Kinfolk with silvered
spears among the mercenaries, while the young coterie is
likely to have a few guards and possibly even a ghoul
watching them during the day. Setting traps is also a good
way to discover or deter intruders — possibly both.

Social threats are those where the enemies attack
more indirectly, using their influence to undermine the
power base of the characters. The local Shadow Lords
covet the village the players' pack claims as theirs and,
instead of issuing a proper challenge, use their influence
over the local knez to try to force the pack out. The
corruptand heretical nobleman tries to bribe members of
the troupe's cell's Flock to betray it. Or the cabal of
Messianic Voices who sees the characters' cabal of Old
Faith mages as a pagan threat pulls some strings with an
archbishop and suddenly a church is being built on the
site of the sacred stone circle — using those very same
stones. Of course, social-economical-political battles are

much more common among Cainites than outright
armed conflict, even during the War of Princes. Such
threats require more planning than a simple physical
assault but are also much more complex and have le
chance of doing real, lasting damage. Still, if an enemy
manages to ruin a character's resources, destroy her
influence and take over her domain, it is a lot more
painful than simply killing her retainers.

Guards

Guards are a great asset. They can watch over the
characters when they sleep (especially important for
Cainites), guard the group's interests when they are away
and, in a worst-case scenario, warn the group about
intruders and buy a moment or two with their lives.

Loyal to the Damned

Vampires often make good use of guards. During
their daylight sleep, they are especially vulnerable, so a
strong haven and some good guards are essential to most
Cainites (except for those Gangrel who sleep in the
earth). Many Cainites consider guards an acceptable use

of vitae; a ghoul guard is stronger, tougher and more loyal
than anormal mortal, after all. On the other hand, some
Cainites have found that their ghoul guards become
pos ve or extremely jealous. The Ventrue and
Lasombra often have one or two ghouls under strong
mental command to guard them. The Dominate Disc
pline tends to destroy creativity and initiative, but this is
asmall price to pay fora guard willing to die for his master
without question. The Tzimisce are infamous for their
szlachta ghouls (see p. 314 of Dark Ages: Vampire),
monstrous creatures warped beyond humanity to be-
come the perfect guardians. The Gangrel and Nosferatu
use both ghoul and normal animals to guard their lairs
and warn them of intruders. The Tzimisce also use
animals, though they too are often warped by the Fiends'
crafts. The Cappadocians are known to use reanimated
corpses to guard their libraries and tombs and, of course,
nobody knows what foul creatures the magical experi-
ments and dark sorceries of the Tremere can produce.
Vampires tend toward a few elite guards, unless their
territory is especially large. Most use either normal
mortals or one or two ghouls commanding mortals.
Some clans, most notably the Tremere, Tzimis
Cappadocians and, to a lesser extent, the Assamites and
Followers of Set, use supernatural guardians. The Tremere
have their Gargoyles and various products of
Thaumaturgy. The Tzimisce use spirits and demons of
the land, sometimes given physical form, in addition to
their grotesque ghouls. Even vampires with large de-
mesnes more often focus on guarding their own havens,
being the paranoid and selfish creatures they are. Lord
Etienne d'Sangre, a Ventrue from the Languedoc, uses a


Compe THE GHOSTLY GUARDIAN

Level 3 Mortis Ritual

This‘ ritual was developed by the Giovanni
family to guard its warehouses and trading outposts
against intruders, thieves and saboteurs. It calls up a
spirit of a dead person to guard a specific building,
which must beno larger than a large townhouse.
The spirit has the ability to frighten away most
intruders, aswellasalert its master of intrusion. Very
few non-Gioyvanni Cappadocians know this ritual,
and it is almost unknown outside Italy:

System: This ritual requires the caster to know
the name ofa person who has died within the building
to be protected, as well as possess a piece of that
person's body or an item that was precious to the
person in life (some Cappadociaris prefer to murder
someone in that building to make sure'they have the
needed ingredient). The difficulty of the ritual is
standard for its level, but it takes five hours to perform.
The caster paints a spécial mark in her own blood at
évery opening big enough for her to pass through
(expending at least one blood point in the process).

' She must'then sit as close to the center of the building
as possible and éall upon the name of the ghost to be
summoned. If the'ritual is successful, the temperature
of the room dropsnoticeably for'a few minutes. Botch-
ing the roll summons an angry ghost with all the
powers ofanormal guardian ghost (see belgw) but who
is hostile to the summoner. The caster can-give the
guardian ghost a mental image of anyone who is to be
allowed into the building. A caster can ward'a number
of houses equal to her permanent Willpower. ~

The guardian ghost is mainly capable of scaring
away intruders with effects such as a swarm -of
insects, bleeding walls (the blood is merely ephem-
eraand givés nonourishment to Cainites) or'sudden
‘drops in temperature. Animals refuse to enter the
building, while normal mortals probably flee as soon
as the effects start to show. Especially willful mor-
tals, as well as supernatural creatures, must roll
Courage (difficulty 6) or Willpower (for characters '
without Courage) in order not to flee. Those touched
by God (or inquisitors who‘have spent Conviction)
may resist the effects as usual (see Terror on page 163
of Dark Ages: Inquisitor). The guardian ghost can
also alert the caster of the ritualto the intruder. Ifthe
caster is awake, the ghost sends a feeling of urgency.
Should the caster be asleep, the ghost can enter her
dreams and communicate the nature of the intru-
sion. Obfuscate, Gifts such as Blissful Ignorance,
and other powers of misdirection can fool the ghost,

should the intruder think to activate them. Bos er
—_—— ——— COO reo ™
ee WES =
f ~~ fO S= wt i, Ae
Stee =X -RIGHT@FPRINCES: (ae = 35

simple peasant militia to ward the villages on his lands
against bandits and marauding beasts, while his own
castle is guarded by 21 armed and armored men, broken
down into three squads of seven, each with a ghoul a
commander. His sleeping chamber, deep in the cellars of
the castle, is guarded by four ghouls whom Lord Etienne
has Dominated to attack anyone and anything approach-
ing the door to the chamber. While the peasants huddle
in fear, the great lord feels relatively safe behind all his
men-at-arms.

Tn Defense of Gaia

Werewolves rarely have guards whose job it is to
fight against invaders, but rather simply to keep watch
and sound an alarm should enemies be spotted. The
Garou have a tendency to consider their territory some-
thing that they themselves must protect and see
themselves as beyond the need for mere mortal (or even
Kinfolk) guards to help them do so. When guards (or
simply sentries) are required, the Garou mainly use their
Kin rather than employing outsiders. Wolf Kin have the
advantage of great senses and natural weaponry, while
humans are better at identifying threats and can use
weapons and armor. Werewolves also sometimes use
spirits as guards, particularly around their caerns, though
these are more likely to warn the Garou than join in the
fray. Any tribe may use Kinfolk as guards and watchers
around caerns, but each has a different approach. The
Fenrir expect their Kin to fight, and fight well, while the
Shadow Lords use them as spies, scouts and sometimes
distractions. The Children of Gaia command their Kin-
folk to draw back once the battle has begun. The Garou,
after all, are quite capable of providing their own physi-
cal security.

Werewolves normally have as many guards as are
needed to secure their domain (in caerns, at least one
pack is usually assigned to guard duty at all times), if they
have enough Kinfolk. The combination of Garou mis-
trust toward humans, the unsettling effect of the Curse
and the fact that few werewolves have the resources to
pay guards mean that non-Kin guards are a rarity. The
Garoualso figure that anything likely to cause trouble for
werewolves will make humans run in fear or drive them
insane, which for the most part is true.

Servants to the Magi

For mages, the use of guards varies from chantry to
chantry. The Order of Hermes has a long and proud
history of employing grogs, while the strong and inde-
pendent rune-casters of Scandinavia pride themselves
on being able to handle trouble without help. Mages face
difficulties with normal guards, at least if those guards are
faithful Christians (or Muslims). It takes a special kind
of person to guard someone who is quite obviously in

league with the Devil. Those mages who practice their
craft subtly or who live in areas where the population is
more accepting of mages have less trouble finding people
willing to be their guards. In fact, mages in pagan
territories might find volunteers to guard them, as such
mages are often seen as holy men and women. Some
mages are also known to use magical beasts as guardians,
mostly in sparsely populated areas (see the Servants
Background in Chapter Three of Dark Ages: Mage) A
few mages use their Familiars as guards, though most
Familiars balk at this; they might protect individual
mages, but dislike being put on guard duty.

In general, mages tend to be somewhat distrustful of
Commoners, unless the mortal's family has a history of
service to wielders of magic. Those mages who masquer-
ade as Commoners usually employ a few select elite
guards, while those who are more open about their
powers tend either to seek out outcasts and dregs of
society, who don't care whom they work for as long as
they are paid, or to have people who share their own
unique outlooks on life as guards. Mages, unless they are
nobles or rich merchants, tend toward bodyguards rather
than sentries. A valued and trusted guard might even
find himself with some minor magical item, the better to
guard his charge. Such items are frequently weapons or
armor with a simple enchantment. Warding charms,
amulets and other items of protection are also sometimes
given, although it is a very selfless wizard who bestows a
protective charm upon a servant if she can use it herself.
Many mages try to cultivate a personal relationship with
their guards, which results in a deeper level of loyalty.

For Christ and His Holy Church

Inquisitors frequently use guards, both to watch over
their areas of influence and to provide extra shields in
dangerous situations. Such guards will often be church
soldiers, although a rich inquisitor might hire additional
mercenaries, should he deem it necessary. From time to
time, faithful young men or even knights pledge their
services to an inquisitor. They are only very rarely turned
away, especially if they are capable of paying for their
own keep. Inquisitors should beware not to accept every
brash young man whose eyes shine with faith, however.
Stories abound about inquisitors who were betrayed by

an exceptionally good actor or someone under the spell
of the servants of Satan.

Inquisitors normally use common guards in all situ-
ations where secrecy is not essential. Since some of them
receive support from the seemingly endless coffers of the
Church (or the finite, but deep, coffers of the House of
Murnau), their guards may be equipped with the best
arms and armor. The guards are also likely to be loyal to
the point of fanaticism, fully believing the service they
provide to be a direct path to Heaven. Some guards even

an, aN
~ ~ ~ —~<
™~ ie AO ee ee ey \ es ~\
Bio. of = meet — en =! 3
EN RRDING FHEC 2 ~


Yi ep

|
|
|
}

pe

go from merely believing in the Lord to having faith
strong enough to stand against the foul demons and
sorceries that the Inquisition battles. Inquisitors can be
harsh masters, however, demanding total obedience and
unquestioning loyalty as well as constant vigilance.
Punishments against lax guards tend to be strict, and
some of the less pious ones might run away or even turn
against their employers. Mercenaries are normally loyal
as long as the gold that pays them arrives on time, but
they will not put up with too much abuse — at least, not
without due monetary compensation.

Sword, Shield and Crossbow

When it comes to equipping guards, most employers
recognize that a better equipped a guard is more efficient.
While most mercenaries supply their own gear, an em-
ployer must equip freshly hired guards himself.

Itcan be rather tempting fora wealthy employer to buy
swords, metal shields, chain mail and crossbows for every
guard. Aside from the difficulty of acquiring such a large
order of arms and armor in most places, this is also highly
impractical. First and foremost, local authorities are rarely
happy tosee someone equippinga personal army (of course,
should the employer in question be a nobleman, a personal
army might be expected). Legal considerations also intrude
on such plans. In many areas of Western Europe, only the
nobility may carry swords and metal armor. In addition, the
Papacy has outlawed the use of crossbows against fellow
Christians. Finally, one must take into account the skill
and experience of the guards. Young peasant boys and
dockside thugs are unlikely to have any experience in using
asword and kite shield, much less wearing a heavy suit of
chain mail. On the other hand, most peasants have some
sort of skill with either a small bow, a sling or both, and as
such these weapons are likely to be better for ranged
weaponry. A hand axe or spear is a much better melee
weapon for a recently recruited watchman, as it is both
cheap and easy to use. For armor, boiled or reinforced
leather should suffice, possibly with a small wooden shield.

Sometimes more specialized equipment is desired.
Many Cainites equip their guardian ghouls with stakes or
wooden-headed crossbow bolts. Garou have been known
to issue low-level Fetishes to their Kinfolk, and a soldier
of the Inquisition will often find himself in possession of
at least a blessed crucifix and sometimes a weapon
crafted by the Forge of God ritus, though this is generally
reserved for the most trusted of servants. Such equip-
ment can also attract unwanted attention. The blessed
cross might be a beacon to the servants of the Adversary,
allowing them to discover the location of a hidden
chapter house. While giving a Kinfolk guard a silver
dagger when rival Garou attack may seem a wise idea,
that same dagger may wind up aimed at the wrong
werewolf if that cousin ever feels mistreated.

SH OF t

Fort rete gO
?RINCES - = 7 lied aa

peepee

Animal Guardians

Animals have been used as guards by normal mortals
for millennia and have proven their worth as sentries. As
noted above, the Nosferatu and Gangrel clans often use
animals for guard duty, but this practice isnot limited to the
clans who commonly practice Animalism. Not only can
any Cainite learn this Discipline, given the inclination and
an instructor, but the application of vitae can often be a
substitute for it (and the combination of both vitae and
Animalism yields even better results). However, simply
using blood can sometimes result in an uncontrollable,
frenzied beast that must be put down. Therefore, some
high-status vampires employ Nosferatu or Gangrel retain-
ers (or ghouls taught by same) to train such beasts. In
Eastern Europe, the Animalistic Bratovich family, experts
in such training, tend the kennels of the Tzimisce clan. In
fact, the hellhounds that come from these kennels are
becoming quite renowned (or, more properly, feared)
throughout Eastern Europe. Many Cainites who were
nobles in life retain their guard dogs, hoping that the
instincts of these animals will help them detect intruders
veiled in supernatural powers. Rats, stray cats and feral dogs
are a favorite for Nosferatu, while nomadic Gangrel and
Ravnos seem to prefer wolves. Some Ravnos entertainers
have been known to travel with bears. Birds of prey are
often used, though a Cainite must be careful not to use a
bird above her perceived station. In the Middle Ages, one's
status limits the types of birds one could fly. Commoners
are allowed to hunt with owls, the clergy use the sparrow
hawk, ladies the merlin, knights and minor nobility use
goshawks, major nobles hunt with peregrine falcons, and
the jerfalcon is reserved for royalty. Ofcourse, only Cainites
who have any sort of respect for mortal conventions
observe these rules.

Apart from wolf Kinfolk, the Garou have some
trouble using animals as guards. Predatory animals tend
to attack Garou out of fear or flee, while prey animals
simply bolt (and rarely make good guards anyway). The
Bone Gnawers of London have hada great deal of success
using rats as guardians of their urban caern, but this is
probably due to the favor of their tribal totem. A few
Fenrir and Shadow Lord septs have trained ravens and
crows, but apart from this, animal guards are an extreme
rarity among the Garou.

Among the mages, those belonging to the Old
Faith, the Spirit-Talkers and the Valdaermen are the
most likely to use animals as guards. In fact, many Spirit-
Talkers prefer animal guards to human ones and are
known to use their spirit magics to increase the intelli-
gence and natural abilities of those animals. Valdaermen
are renowned for their friendship with wolves and
ravens, while members of the Old Faith often have
animals protecting their sacred groves and stone circles.

The Order of Hermes looks down upon animals as
"lesser beings" and prefers magical creations in the
shape of animals instead. The Ahl-i-Batin and Messi-
anic Voices sometimes employ guard dogs in the manner
of Commoners.

While inquisitors lack the magical abilities to
talk directly to animals, quite a few animal trainers
reside among those who know the Noah's Favor
Orison. Inquisitors are especially fond of large hounds;
the loyalty of a good dog is inspiring, and their ability
to track, not to mention attack, is invaluable. In
addition, many inquisitors believe that dogs can sniff
out infernal taint so that even the Devil's gifts cannot
help a monster hide. Inquisitors also employ hunting
birds such as falcons, and any inquisitor who is also a
knight needs at least one warhorse (for animal statis-
tics, see pp. 310-312 of Dark Ages: Vampire).

Recruitment

Recruiting guards can be something of a problem.
No businesses exist where an ambitious merchant can
go to hire guards. While noblemen might have guards-
men who have been in the family for generations,
other people must look elsewhere.

At first, recruiting mercenaries might seem like a
good answer. With the constant conflicts of varying
sizes in Europe, most large countries host a good
number of people who make their living as profes-
sional solders. After the end of the Albigensian
Crusade, a large number of French, German, English
and Aragonian mercenaries found themselves with-
out work. Mercenaries come with not only their own
equipment but also with combat skills and, more
importantly, experience in facing threats. The local
blacksmith's son might be a giant among men and
have been taught to use a battleaxe quite efficiently,
but that is of no use if he runs away at the first sight
of blood. However, mercenaries are generally violent,
restless and easily bored. Without suitable distrac-
tions, mercenaries are likely to make their own fun
with the locals, something that can easily get out of
hand. This is not to say that hiring mercenaries is
always a bad idea. Indeed, bringing in a group of
professional soldiers at a time when the group expects
a physical assault on its holdings can shore up the
odds on its side. Unfortunately, mercenaries tend to
be expensive. One common option is hiring crippled
mercenaries (or crippled soldiers discharged by their
lord). While a soldier who can hardly walk without a
crutch might be useless on a battlefield, he can still
fire a crossbow, keep his eyes open and shout an
alarm. What's more, soldiers and mercenaries who
cannot campaign due to their wounds might still be

able to train others in the use of weapons and armor.
Some vampires and mages have been known to use
supernatural powers to heal past injuries, restoring
the mercenary to full health. While this might seem
like a good way to gain such a person's loyalty, it can
also result in rumors about witchcraft. The mercenary
in question might also be Christian enough to object
to having such sorceries performed on him (even if he
doesn't gain such sensibilities until after the fact).

The larger cities offer two main avenues of re-
cruitment. The first is to recruit among the younger
sons of craftsmen and traders, especially those who
have yet to find apprenticeships. These young men
might not have much experience in the use of weap-
ons, but with a little training, they can often perform
quite adequately. The second option is to recruit
among the dregs of the city. In a port city are likely
some waterfront thugs willing to fight, and all large
cities have beggars, thieves and footpads. Such people
are generally well versed in the use of knife and club,
and while they are seldom the most moral people,
they can often be counted on to remain loyal toward
their employer if she is willing to pay.

Inornear villages and towns, one can recruit among
the peasants. Many young peasant sons can be per-
suaded to leave the drudgery of the farm behind for what
seems like a far more exciting and rewarding life. It is
usually best to recruit among freemen, as the local lord
is likely to protest someone stealing his serfs. Like the
sons of craftsmen, peasant boys generally have little skill
and experience with weapons, although some of them
might have hunted with sling or bow.

Sometimes recruitment is a less arduous process.
Werewolves can often find more or less willing guards
among their Kinfolk. Some mages can actually create
their own guards. Inquisitors might find willing re-
cruits among their Flock. And some vampires simply
snatch mortals away and either subject them to the
blood oath, control their minds, corrupt them to their
foul cause (in the case of Baali) or warp them beyond
all humanity, forcing the poor creatures to remain
with the vampire or face destruction at the hands of
a mob (a favored tactic of the Tzimisce).

APlace toCall My Own

Everyone has to live (or at least reside) some-
where, and while Red Talons and Spirit-Talkers
might be quite comfortable in dank caves, most
other characters want a dwelling of some kind. The
type of house which the characters have depends
upon a number of factors: the power base of the
group, their resources and their desire for protection
and visibility.

. =
\ a AY we OS er Qs
bits 2: eee ~ ( {REE - ee) Ae yy
a iy ~ — USHA See a NN


}
|
/

a
Se cme cetset emma c
A
—

dda
-

The most common building in Europe is the
peasant's cottage. This is constructed from wattle and
daub — a wooden frame spackled with mud, com-
bined with straw for greater strength. It often has a
foundation of stone blocks, if such can be quarried
nearby. Variations on mud include clay and dung.
The roof is made of thatch, simple bundles of straw or
sometimes peat, though this requires more frame-
work. In southern Europe, cottages might be made of
mud bricks baked in the sun, while cottages in north-
ern Germany, Denmark and southern Sweden are
sometimes made of cut peat. In many mountainous
areas, peasant huts are made of drywall — stones and
small boulders stacked into walls without mortar or
anything else to hold them together. The roof has a
hole for smoke to escape, the door is made of wooden
planks loosely nailed together (or just tied with a thin
rope) and might have a latch to lock it with, if the
peasant is quite wealthy, while the windows are cov-
ered by wooden shutters. This type of cottage offers
little, if any, kind of security, and Cainites would
need to take special measures (closing the hole in the
roof for starters) to stop the sunlight from coming in.
The advantage is that nobody looks twice at such a
cottage. This type of cottage is also appropriate for a
hunter, woodsman or fisherman. Building such a
cottage simply requires three dots of Crafts or two
with a field of expertise, though building a drywall
cottage is somewhat trickier, demanding a field of

THE BRocHs OF SCOTLAND
G catered across the Scottish highlands ar
) small stone towers which the locals call

brochs. They are usually two stories high, open
topped and no larger than a peasant's cottage
While they look like simple drywall towers from the
outside,

the insides of the stones have been fused

together by extreme heat, creating a wall stronger

than most castles. Nobody knows who built the

the loc

but the Fianna, who have actually talked to the fac,

hrochs ittribute them to the facries

know that this is not the case and suspect that it wa:

itechnique known by the White Howlers and their
Kintolk. Whatever the
technique has been lost, but the brochs still stand

truth of the matter, the
ind from time to time host new inhabitants. While
local peasants shun the towers, brigands, Old Faith
mages and Gangrel vampires have all been known
to make their homes in brochs. The first order of
business is often to construct a roof

Breaking through the wall of a broch is as
difficult

castle wall

is breaking through a well constructed

expertise in stone constructions. Paying a group of
peasants to build a cottage (as opposed to simply
commanding them to do so because you are their liege
lord) requires Resources 1. Construction time is be-
tween two and five weeks.

In large towns and cities, houses are often tim-
bered. This i
timber frame contains more wood and the stone
foundation goes higher. Doors are likely made of
sturdier timbers and the door can be latched or even
barred from the inside. Window shutters are also
better quality. If the person owning the house has
enough money, the door might feature an actual lock,
the roof may have achimney, and the windows might

a type of wattle and daub, where the

have glass in addition to shutters. In areas where slate
is easily accessible, such as Wales and the mountain-
ous parts of Germany and France, the roof may be
slated. Elsewhere, this is usually too costly. The cheap-
est version of this kind of construction can also be
applied to stables and barracks. This type of building
offers the security of sturdy doors and shutters and

raises no eyebrows in a city, town or large village. It
could belong to a relatively wealthy freeman farmer.
The cost to have such a building constructed requires
Resources 2 or 3. Construction time is between one
and two months.

Churches, monasteries, warehouses belonging to
wealthy merchants and the townhouses and manors
of noblemen or church officials are usually the stron-
gest constructions next to actual castles and also the
most expensive to build. Construction varies depend-
ing on the materials present and the resources
expended — either stone, timber or fired bricks. In
most places in Europe, stone quarries are close enough
that such a building can be made of large stones held
together with mortar. This is expensive, however,
and generally reserved for churches, manors and build-
ings constructed near such quarries. In Wales, stone
is much easier to acquire than wood, so most build-
ings are made from stone. In Norway, churches are
traditionally built from timber. Monasteries are often
constructed from large bricks made by the monks,
giving rise to the name "monk-stones." Windows, if
any exist, are shuttered and either have glass panes or
iron bars. Doors are made of strong planks or single,
large boards of wood cut to shape. Doors are prefer-
ably made of oak and are sometimes bound in iron.
Locks and either a latch or a heavy bar is used to

secure the door against intruders. The roof is gener-
ally shingled, slated (with wood or actual slate) or
covered with copper or lead. Such a building offers a
great deal of security, the degree depending on what
the building is intended for. A church is often surpris-
ingly defensible, since in many villages, towns and

> a

"4 e "Sie
i LO f naire Set LS A ff eo y
Ya eee eo "RIGHT NCES + Grane =e 3 ot &

Ne oe RIGHT OF PRINCI Pine "He

even some cities churches are designed to be places
for people to go for protection in times of war. Ware-
houses are usually built with an eye toward preventing
people from breaking in. Monasteries that lie well off
the beaten path have learned to add some sort of
defense against marauding bandits and even fouler
things that cannot be driven away by prayer. Finally,
the manors and town houses of the wealthy, the
nobility and the bishops are often not only lavish, but
also made to withstand a direct assault. While such
buildings offer both defense and space, they are highly
visible and also horrendously expensive to construct.
Even the most ramshackle warehouse requires Re-
sources 3 expenditure, most churches necessitate
Resources 4, while a monastery or manor starts at 5
and goes up from there. Construction time varies
from a single month to years.

Castles are the most magnificent, most defen-
sible and most expensive structure of the day. They
vary from simple motte and bailey — a hill (the
motte) upon which sits the lord's stronghold, a log or
stone tower, with the enclosed courtyard of the bailey
below — to castles that incorporate small villages
within their walls. Castles are always constructed of
stone, sometimes with earthen ramparts or a wooden
palisade. Oaken gates reinforced by iron bands and
sometimes with portcullises bar doorways to the out-
side world. Windows have glass panes and/or strong
shutters. Entryways are protected by murder holes for
pouring boiling oil on intruders or by arrow alleys
where soldiers can fire bows or crossbows at the
enemy. Traps (see below) can be integrated to offer
even more protection. Such castles offer the highest
levels of security, defensibility and visibility. A well
constructed castle can endure sieges for more than a
year. However, castles are not only expensive, they
often require a noble title as well. Cost varies greatly.
A single square tower in a valley in the Carpathians
might be a Resources 5 expenditure, while castles
such as Carcassonne and Crak des Chevalier will
likely be beyond the means of anyone but the most
wealthy of characters. Construction time is no less
than a year and frequently five years or more.

One option for thos
and protection a castle offers is to take over a ruined
castle. Most of Europe holds few empty castles, but
due to the recent Albigensian crusade, several castles
in the Languedoc area now stand abandoned. During
Simon de Montfort's campaign against the nobles of
Occitania, time was often an issue, and many times a
defeated castle was not torn down but simply torched
along with the inhabitants. These castles still stand,
not as strong as they once were, but not in total ruins
either. They typically lie atop mountains or rocky

who would like the space

+

hills, limiting access and increasing defensibility. So
far, the political climate in the south of France is so
confused that very few of these ruined castles have
been reclaimed.

In the days of the Vikings, large log halls domi-
nated the Scandinavian towns and villages. While
mortals have long stopped building such longhouses,
the Get of Fenris still do, both in the septs and in the
villages where their Kinfolk live. This type of build-
ing has also spread among the other Garou, and one
can find them in many septs that lie in woodland

areas, from the Shadow Lord septs in Eastern Europe
to the Fianna ones in the British Isles. The longhouses
appeal to the Garou, as they are not too sophisticated
to construct, offer protection against the elements
and are big and sturdy enough for a large number of
people to congregate in. When all members of the
sept not on guard duty gather in such a hall, it
promotes a strong sense of kinship.

Breaking and Entering

Breaking into a dwelling is generally the function
of Legerdemain, Strength or, given enough time and
tools, Crafts. Of course, many houses don't even have
a simple latch, enabling people to "open and enter"
rather than break anything.

With Legerdemain, an intruder can slip latches
with a thin piece of metal, work a bolt, cut ropes used
to bind shutters with a slender dagger or try his hand
at the new art of lock-picking. All of these activities
require a Dexterity + Legerdemain roll. Without
proper tools, the difficulty can go up from +1 (impro-
vised, but functional tool) to +3 (no tools whatsoever).
The Storyteller is free to determine that a given task
is impossible without tools (for more information
about crime in the Dark Medieval world, see The
Ashen Thief).

Slipping a latch: Usually difficulty 5 and requires
only one success. Better-constructed doors or window
shutters modify the difficulty upward, while a heavier
s. Lifting a bar requires an
opening large enough to put something through that
can take the weight of the bar. If such an opening

latch requires more success

sts, the roll is Strength + Legerdemain.

Working a bolt: It is usually possible to work
open a bolt with a dagger or another slim but sturdy
piece of metal. This takes time, however. The diffi-
culty of the roll is 7, the number of successes required
varies from 5-10, and each roll represents a minute
of work.

ex

Cutting a rope: Sometimes ropes are used in
place of latches or bolts. Cutting such a rope is easy
enough, if a dagger can be slipped in. The difficulty of


the roll depends on how wide the (6 is
standard, but the difficulty can range from 5 to 9).

Picking a lock: While the locks of 13th-century
Europe aren't too complex, the art of loc king isn'tall
that sophisticated either. A Storyteller is free to declare
that picking a lock is impossible without a relevant spe-
cialty and that it cannot be attempted without tool:
Difficulty depends on the quality of the lock, 6 fora typical
front door up to 9 for a well made padlock. Opening a lock
typically requires fiv: s, with each roll representing
10 seconds of work.

Breaking into a building is somewhat less subtle
than using Legerdemain, but sometimes it is the best way
to go. Smashing through a door or wall is considered a

eat of Strength (see page 228 of Dark Ages: Vampire),
while breaking through with an axe or hammer is an
trength + Athletics roll (difficulty 6).
shing down a door: A weak door held together

with rope or a few nails is considered a Feat of Strength
,

extended

A sturdier door requires a Feat of Strength 4, and the
best plank door is a Feat of Strength 5. An ironbound

door or a door made from a single piece of wood is a Feat

of Strength 7. A castle gate can be broken through with
aFeat of Strength 10 or 11 forareinforced gate (provided
the would-be attacker isn't shot with an arrow or doused
in oil first). Lifting a portcullis is a Feat of Strength 11.

+ RIGHT OF PRINCES -

AL-JAZARIAND THE BOOKABOUT
CLEVER MECHANISMS

S ometime in the late 12th century, a

CG Muslim inventor wrote the Book about
Clever Mechanisms, describing various me-
chanical contraptions. One of these is a
strongbox with a combination lock consist-
ing of eight individual dials, each with more
than 10 different settings. The result is a
mind-boggling four billion possible combina-
tions. Many nobles and rich merchants of the
Middle East have had strongboxes, chests
ind even doors constructed using al-Jazari's
principles. These combination locks have also
delighted and intrigued members of the Ahl-
i-Batin, who have begun to wonder if al-Jazari
was one of their own. Several Lasombra,
Nosferatu and Toreador have also, for vari-
ous reasons, expressed interest in al-Jazari's
work
the book itself, are slowly making their way

These strongboxes, as well as copies of
into Western Europe it is said that they
have become all the rage in Venice and the
other Italian city-states.

a) eee
f pe

F<
= DES oe


Chopping through a door takes four successes for a weak
door, six for a sturdier door and eight for the best plank
door. An ironbound or single-piece door takes 12 suc-
cesses anda castle gate takes 30. Each roll represents one
round of work. A portcullis takes half an hour's work to
get through with the right tools. A latch or bolt increases
the difficulty of the Feat of Strength by one, while a bar
also adds one to the successes needed to hack through it.
Smashing a window: Anyone with Strength 1 may
smash a glass pane, though a Dexterity roll must be made
to avoid a single lethal health level of damage. Wearing
gloves or using a tool prevents this, of course. Punching
through shutters is a Feat of Strength 2 for simple
shutters, 3 for heavier ones and 4 for the best oaken types.
Hacking through shutters requires two successes for
simple shutters, three for heavier ones and four for the
best, with each roll representing one round of work.
Bending iron bars or simply ripping them from the stone
is a Feat of Strength 6 or 7, depending on thickness and
qualities, while bashing them out with a tool requires
10-15 successes, with each roll representing one minute
of work. Sawing or filing through bars can take hours.
Breaking down the walls: Breaking through a wattle
wall is a Feat of Strength 3. There is no functional differ-
ence for the kind of material used, though some more
refined characters might object to going through a dung
wall. Breaking down a dry wall or mud-brick wall is also a
Feat of Strength 3 but requires a Dexterity roll to avoid
three health levels of bashing damage from debris (this may
be soaked). Smashing down a timbered wall is a Feat of
Strength 5, while going through a wall of wooden planks or
boards isa Feat of Strength 6. Punching through a palisade,
a log hall wall or a wall made of fired bricks is a Feat of
Strength 9, and breaking through a castle wall is a Feat of
Strength 14 (getting through one with hammers and picks
can take more than a day). Creating a man-sized hole in a
wall with an axe or hammer requires six successes for a
wattle wall and eight fora dry wall (which will dull the edge
ofanaxe) ormud-brick wall. A timbered wall requires eight
successes with an axe, 11 with a hammer, while a wall of
wooden planks or boards requires 10 successes with an axe,
13 with a hammer. Each roll represents one round of work.
Chopping through a palisade, log hall wall or wall of fired
bricks (which dulls the edge of an axe) requires 15 suc-
cesses, with each roll representing five minutes of work.
Down through the roof: Jumping through a thatched
roof is a Feat of Strength 3, and a Dexterity + Athletics
roll must be made in order to avoid two levels of bashing
damage from the fall. Pulling away enough thatch to
climb through takes two rounds. Jumping through a peat
roof is a Feat of Strength 4. Smashing through a slate or
shingle roof is a Feat of Strength 6. Getting through a
metal roof or the heavy wooden roof of a castle is a Feat
of Strength 12. Hacking through a thatched roof re-

quires three successes, a peat roof requires five, anda slate
or shingle roof takes seven. Each roll represents one
round of work. Getting through a metal or heavy wooden
roof takes 15 successes, with each roll representing five
minutes of work.

Traps

One of the main problems with a group having its
own domain is that it ties the characters down. Their
enemies know where they are and, with some scouting,
how to get to them. As such, traps are a good way for a
group to protect itself and its dwelling.

In the world of mortals, traps are usually used by
hunters to catch animals and by rich folk to protect their
chests and jewel boxes. Only the most paranoid nobles and
merchants use traps in their homes. Therefore, it should
come as no surprise that Trap-making (a field of expertise
under Crafts) is practiced mainly by Italian craftsmen,
though the craft has spread beyond the city-states. How-
ever, among those immersed in the supernatural world,
paranoia is often a survival trait, and traps of varying
ingenuity are routinely constructed in the dwellings of
vampires, inquisitors, mages and even werewolves.

Two kinds of traps exist: natural and mechanical.
Natural traps are mainly used by hunters and can be
constructed with a few tools out of natural materials.
Examples are pit traps, snares and rockfalls. Under most
circumstances, natural traps are created outdoors. Me-
chanical traps require specialized tools and skills and
often incorporate metal. Creating natural traps requires
an Perception + Survival roll, while constructing me-
chanical traps requires Intelligence + Crafts
(Trap-making).

Some of the more commonly used traps are presented
below. Each trap is rated by Type, Complexity, Time and
Cost. Type is either N fornatural or M for mechanical. The
first number of the Complexity is the difficulty for the trap
creation roll, while the second is the number of successes
needed to create the trap. Botching a roll resets the total
number of successes to 0, while botching without any
successes at all totally ruins the process, with consequences
left up to the Storyteller. Time is the amount of time each
roll represents, and Cost is the level of Resources required
to create a particular trap.

Natural Craps

Natural traps are by far the easiest to create, and
more than one person can cooperate on the effort to
reduce the time needed. The player of the character in
charge of the trap-making (usually the person with the
highest Survival) makes the roll, but each person help-
ing adds a number of dice to the pool equal to her
character's Survival score. Ifa character has no Survival,
she may still be able to help — two assistants without


=

eo eee ce cee ee sss

Zz

~e (7 7

}
|

5s

Survival add a single die to the pool. The character in
charge cannot more than double her dice pool with
assistants. Natural traps are normally triggered by a rope
or vine, though pit traps are, of course, triggered by
walking across them. If the trap is designed to be trig-
gered not by trip-rope but by a guard, the Complexity is
reduced by 0/-2 and time by 25%. Natural pit traps
cannot be triggered by guards.

Spotting natural traps is quite difficult. If someone
is not actively looking for a trap, spotting the trap
requires a Perception + Alertness or Survival roll (diffi-
culty 8). Ifa person is specifically looking out for traps or
searching the area, the difficulty drops to 6. If desired,
more effort can be made to camouflage the trap. Adding
25% to Time means two successes are needed on the roll
tospot the trap, adding 50% requires three successes, and
doubling the time raises the difficulty on the roll to spot
the trap by one.

Natural traps have no Cost, since they can be
constructed out of natural materials. This assumes that
the character building the trap has the right tool for the
job, such as a spade or shovel (or can change into a form
equipped for digging) for a pit trap.

The main problem with natural traps is where to
place them. Hunters place their traps on game trails or
near watering holes, but those who wish to use such traps
to guard their demesne against intruders must have some
idea about where the intruders are coming from. Limit-
ing the access to the demesne to one ora few routes is one
of the best ways to do this.

Example: Fionn Spear-Thrower, a Fianna Philodox,
is approached by the Kinfolk of his home village, who tell
him of monstrous creatures that attack them and steal
away their children. Fionn, realizing that these creatures
could be fomori, decides to capture them for interroga-
tion and inspection. He asks his pack for help but realizes
that they can guard only some of the access to the village.
Remembering the days spent hunting bears with his
father, Fionn decides to dig a normal-sized pit trap on a
path the pack will not be watching. He has a Perception
of 3 anda Survival of 3. His pack, consisting of four more
Garou, helps out. The other Garou have Survival 3, 2, 1
and 1. This adds six dice to Fionn's pool; the last die is lost
because Fionn cannot more than double his pool from
istance. Fionn also decides to invest some effort in
concealing the pit and adds 50% to the construction
time, meaning that three successes are needed on the roll
to spot the trap. This means that the final roll is 12 dice,
against a difficulty of 5, with each roll representing 90
minutes work. Twelve successes are needed in order to
complete the trap and it costs the pack nothing except
sweat. It takes the pack around three hours to construct
the pit (in other words, the player takes only two rolls to
accumulate the necessary successes).

a

Mechanical Traps

Mechanical traps are a good deal more intricate and
difficult to construct. The statistics for the mechanical
traps below assume that they are constructed at the same
time as the structure in which they are created. If traps
are added to an already-built house, manor or castle,
then Complexity goes up by +1/+25%, Time increases
by 25%, and Cost rises by 1 (maximum 5). Most me-
chanical traps are triggered by a trip-wire. Spotting such
a wire follows the rules for spotting a trip-rope or vine,
except that Crafts (Trap-making) is substituted for Sur-
vival. However, traps using trip-wires can be constructed
touse pressure-plates instead. This is exceptionally tricky,
adding +1/0 to Complexity, 25% to Time and 1 to Cost.
If a trap is activated by pressure-plate, then it is impos-
sible to spot unless one is actively looking; even then, the
difficulty is 8. Mechanical traps can also be better hid-
den, following the rules presented for natural traps, but
if Time is doubled, then the Cost of the traps rises by one
(maximum 5). More money can be spent to facilitate the
construction of a mechanical trap, representing the
craftsman buying better tools, working longer hours,
hiringa journeyman to help, etc. For each additional dot
of available Resources, Complexity is reduced by 0/-1
and Time by 25%. Time cannot be reduced below 50%
like this, and Complexity cannot go under half the
is added after the cost for

starting value. This extra co:
hiding the trap better, pressure-plate, etc.

Should a character or an ally have the Craft (Trap-
making) skill herself, the Cost of the trap is reduced by
one. This reduction is factored before all other modifica-
tions.

Most mechanical traps must be reset after each us
This can be done by anyone with at least a single dot in
Crafts (Trap-making).

Example: Lord Bajamonte di Milano, a Lasombra,
has been informed that his childe has received the
prince's permission to commit Amaranth upon him.
Lord Bajamonte decides to add some protection to his
city manor. He hires a local master craftsman to install
aswinging axe trap in the corridor leading to his sleeping
chamber. Valuing his soul more than his money, Lord
Bajamonte spares no expense (he has Resources 5).
Knowing that his childe and whatever mercenary scum
he can assemble are likely to be overconfident, he opts
for no additional concealment and the normal trip-wire.
Since the trap must be installed in an already-built
dwelling, Complexity rises to 8/26, Time goes up by
25%, and Cost becomes 4. Upping the cost to 5 reduces
Complexity to 8/25 and Time back to one day. Lord
Bajamonte has managed to hire himself an expert in the
field of trap construction, and two weeks later the new
trap is ready.

7 ¢ &
4 oh oe - = a a aa a 7
She) = Sa SSS - RIGHT OF PRINCES + = femmes. = S 5, tS
A aS — re rw ¢ A

Eramples

Pit Trap
Type: N
Time: 1 hour

Complexity: 5/12
Cost: N/A

This is a very simple trap: a big hole covered with a
thin mesh of branches and then camouflaged with leaves.
The statistics above assume a 10-foot-deep pit, inflicting

asingle health level of bashing damage (see the rules for
Falling on p. 256 of Dark Ages: Vampire). The sides are
generally slightly sloping outward and the edges curved
so that it is difficult to climb out of the pit. To climb out
acharacter must roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 7)
and accrue at least three successes.

The pit can be made deeper. Every additional 10 feet
of depth add +1/+6 to Complexity and one health level
to the damage inflicted. Also, no normal person can
climb out of a pit deeper than 10 feet. The trapper can
also add wood spikes at the bottom of the pit. Short
spikes add 0/+3 to Complexity and change the falling
damage to lethal. Long spikes add +0/+9 to Complexity,
change the falling damage to lethal and add two health
levels to that damage. It is up to the Storyteller to
determine if a vampire can be staked by falling into a pit
trap with wood spikes.

Pit traps can also be made mechanically in build-
ings, in which case it is a trap door, not a mesh of
branches that the victim falls through. A mechanical pit
trap is Complexity: 6/12, Time: 1 day, Cost: ¢* and
doubles the penalties for not being constructed along
with the building. All the options available to a natural
pit trap apply to a mechanical one, but stakes put at the
bottom are normally made of iron, not wood. The
mechanical version is considered to be a pressure-plate
trap for purposes of detection. Some of these traps

deposit their victims in cages or in rooms containing

nasty surprises.
Snare

Type: N

Time: 30 minutes

Complexity: 7/6
Cost: N/A

A snare is a noose of rope or vine placed on the
ground and with the other end tied to asmall tree or large
branch, which is bent down and secured with another
rope or vine. If someone triggers the snare, the tree or
branch is released, whips back into its former position
and pulls the victim up by her foot, leaving her to dangle
in the air. Freeing oneself from such a trap is difficult,
requiring both a sharp blade and some athletic skill.
Drawing a blade while hanging upside-down is a Dexter-
ity + Melee roll, difficulty 5 for daggers, 6 for one-handed
swords and 7 for bastard and two-handed swords. Pulling
oneself up and cutting the rope requires a Strength +
Athletics roll (difficulty 9).

*

-GUA

Se a

Siecnsereesciiecintebsonsceetpeaite we -

Swinging Branch
Type: N
Time: 10 minutes

Complexity: 6/6
Cost: N/A

This is a very simple trap, just a large branch bent
back and lightly secured in place, so that when triggered
it swings out and hits the person triggering it. A swinging
branch normally inflicts four dice of bashing damage,
and the attack can be avoided by rolling Dexterity +
Dodge (difficulty 9), with each success resulting in one
fewer die of damage. If the Dodge roll is botched, the
branch hits the head and inflicts five dice of lethal
damage. Truly malicious sorts add spikes to the branch.
Wood spikes add 0/+3 to Complexity, change the dam-
age to lethal and inflict an automatic health level of
damage (unless dodged completely). A vampire who
botches the Dodge roll may be staked at the Storyteller's
discretion. Metal spikes add + 1/+3 toComplexity, change
the cost to ¢, make the damage lethal and inflict two
automatic health levels of damage.

This trap can also be constructed as a mechanical
trap. Here, a specially cut length of wood is used and is
pulled back using the same technique used for catapults
or mangonels. It is normally placed around a corner. If
placed along a corridor, the opening where the wood is
to exit is very obvious, decreasing the difficulty of spot-
ting the trap by one. A mechanical swinging "branch"
trap is Complexity: 6/10, Time: 3 hours, Cost: ¢ * and
inflicts five dice of damage. The mechanical version can
be spiked as well, but adding metal spikes does not
increase the cost. A very nasty variation on the me-
chanical trap version is the back-breaker. This uses three
pieces of wood. Two of these pieces swing out at chest
and knee height, while the last comes in from the other
side, between those two. The result is devastating. The
trap inflicts seven levels of bashing damage and forces
the victim to make a Stamina roll (difficulty 3 + the
number of health levels damage suffered after soak). If
the roll fails, the victim's back is broken, reducing her
instantly to Crippled (if not already there). Even if a
mortal heals from this, she loses one dot from Strength
and Stamina and two from Dexterity. The back-breaker
cannot be dodged.

Rockfall

Type: N

Complexity: 8/12
Time: 2 hours Cost: N/A

This trap consists of a number of rocks placed high
up in a tree. When the trap is triggered, the rocks fall
down on the victim. The rocks are quite visible and
detecting the trap is at -1 difficulty. The falling rocks
inflict five dice of lethal damage, as the rocks tend to
strike the head. Adding more rocks makes the trap more
visible but also more damaging. For each additional —1
on the difficulty to detect the rocks, damage increases by
one and Complexity rises by 0/+1.

THE C


is trap can also be constructed as a mechanical

trap, with a trapdoor in the ceiling. This version of the
trap is Complexity: 6/12, Time: 1 day, Cost: ¢¢ and
doubles the penalties for not being constructed along
with the building. The mechanical version of the trap is
no easier to spot than other traps, but each two dice
increase in damage add +1/+2 to Complexity and +1 to
Cost, as a sturdier trapdoor must be constructed.

Broken Step
Type: Special Complexity: 7/3
Time: 10 minutes Cost: N/A

While this type of trap is most often found in
buildings, it is not really a mechanical trap. Anyone with
a bit of knowledge about carpentry can saw halfway
through the step of a staircase or the rung of a ladder,
causing it to break away when weight is placed upon it.
This trap is constructed by rolling Perception + Crafts
(Carpentry). If a person is going up the stair, she will
have a nasty spill, suffering two dice of bashing damage
and likely making a good deal of noise. If descending, the
victim may roll Dexterity + Athletics at difficulty 7 to

land on the next step (which may have been sawed
through as well). If this roll fails or if the next step has
been rigged as well, the victim takes normal falling
damage. Spotting that a step has been rigged in this way

requiresa careful investigation anda Perception + Alert-
ness or Crafts roll, difficulty 8. The main problem with
this trap is for the owner of the house to remember not
to tread on the steps that have been rigged.

Alarm
Type: M Complexity: 5/6
Time: 1 hour Cost: ¢¢

This trap is designed not to injure or hinder intru
ers, but to alert the inhabitants of the building. The
simplest version of this trap is a trip-wire connected toa
bell. If the bell is to be placed far enough away from the
triggering point that the intruders cannot hear the
alarm, Time rises to 90 minutes. The trap can also be
tigged into a door, being activated when the door is
opened. In this case, it is +1/+2 to Complexity. If the
alarm is to sound in multiple locations, add 25% to Time
for each additional location. Constructing this trap in an

established building adds nothing to Cost
Swinging Axe
M
1 day
This is a favorite trap for those who wish to see their
intruders dead instead of merely detained. It consists of
aheavy axe which swings down from the ceiling and hits
the person triggering the trap. The axe inflicts five di
and two automatic health levels of lethal damage. It can
be dodged like a swinging branch trap. The trigger for

1. TE TEP fy "2
——. SO LOS a ai a 4

86 SS Ss, __* RIGHIROF PRINCES - Draw pwr alot


this trap can be built into a door handle. This increases
Complexity by +1/+3 but makes the trap undetectable.
Scything Blade
Type: M Complexity: 8/18
Time: 1 day Cost:
This is a variation of the mechanical version of the
swinging branch trap. Instead of a piece of wood, a blade
is used. The damage is four dice plus two automatic
health levels of lethal damage. Because the slots that the
blade must exit from are quite slender, this trap is no
easier to detect than others. Extra blades can be added,
each adding an automatic health level. Every two extra
blades add one to Cost and 0/+2 to Complexity. Like a
swinging axe trap, the trigger for the scything blade can
be built into a door handle. A scything blade can be
dodged like a swinging branch trap.

Crossbow Trap
Type: M
Time: 1 day

Complexity: 6/18
Cost e

This trap is quite simple to construct and is often one
of the first taught to apprentice trap-makers. It consists
of a hidden crossbow which fires when the trap is
triggered. The crossbow attacks with a dice pool equal to
the Perception + Crafts (maximum of five dice) of the
person creating the trap. The attack can dodged at
difficulty 8 if the attack comes from the front and inflicts
(four + number of successes) dice of lethal damage. If a
heavy crossbow is used, Cost rises by one and so does the
damage. As with the swinging axe and scything blade
traps, the trigger can be built into a door handle. This
type of trap can easily be poisoned (see below).

This is just a small sample of possible traps and
should provide inspiration to both Storytellers and play-
ers for new and interesting contraptions. With the
Storyteller's approval, players who start out with a Do-
main that has dots assigned to security (see p. 155 of
Dark Ages: Vampire) may state that this security comes
from already established traps.

Poisons

Adding poisons to traps is a favorite way to increase
their lethality and is often used by some less scrupulous
(or more paranoid) people. Some characters might also
wish to issue poisoned weapons to their guards. The main
problem is that most poisons in 1230 are those that must
be ingested, and it is quite hard to create a trap that
causes the intruder to eat or drink something. Some
useful poisons do exist, however, either alone or in
combination with other traps, mainly by smearing them
on blade or crossbow traps. Among supernatural crea-
tures, poisons see the most use by vampires (especially
Assamites, Baali, Followers of Set and the Nosferatu),
werewolves of the Black Spiral Dancer and Shadow Lord

>

PLAGUE HANGINGS
=>

sare said to have been invented by the Baali but
by ¢

Nosferatu and other less than sociable (

his is not strictly a poisonous effect, but it
falls within the territory. The plague hang
in
have been used extensively ppadocians,
inites. It

ilso possible that some Black Spiral Dancers and

corrupt mages have hit upon the idea

A plague hanging is a large wall hanging cre-
ited by sewing together blankets taken from victims
of some deadly disease. The resulting tapestry is
then hung across a doorway, forcing anyone who
wishes to walk through the doorway to touch it
Mortals are likely to be infected with the disease,
while vampires might have the contagion caught in
their clothes and infect mortals they interact with
Those vampires dwelling in places where plague
hangings are used normally change their clothes

whenever they go out into the mortal world.

tribes and members of the Old Faith. Poisons are not
limited to these groups, and anyone who wants an extra
level of protection or who simply has a mean streak
might use them. In general, poisons have no effect on
vampires, whereas they have their normal effect on both
mages and inquisitors, who must look to their supernatu-
ral powers to save them. Werewolves without the Gift:
Resist Toxin suffer the usual damage from poison, though
they may also regenerate such damage normally.

Plant poisons: Plant poisons are the most common,
having been known and used for millennia. In fact, all
the poisonous plants mentioned here are also used as
medicinal remedies and are well known. Recognizing
such plants and their effects requires only a single dot in
Hearth Wisdom. Finding them in nature requires two
dots, while actually making poisons (or healing brews)
out of them requires a minimum three dots and a
specialty in Herbalism. Some of the common types of
poisonous plants are deadly nightshade, henbane (both
found all over Europe; the leaves are used), summer
elder (found all over Europe; the fruits are used), com-
mon foxglove (found throughout west, southwest and
middle Europe; the leaves are used) and wolfsbane
(found in north and middle Europe; the fruits are used).
Blade poisons made from these plants are relatively
weak and take effect one hour after the victim receives
the wound. Deadly nightshade and henbane both cause
lethargy and dizziness. Any injury by a weapon smeared
with this type of poison requires a Stamina roll (diffi-
culty 6) or else the victim suffers a +2 difficulty penalty
on all rolls for one scene. If the roll is successful, the
character still suffers +1 to all difficulties. Summer elder


is even weaker, producing simple pains and cramps. If
the Stamina roll is not successful, the character suffers a
—1 toall dice pools for one scene. Common foxglove and
wolfsbane produces the strongest poison — they inflict
three levels of lethal damage, which can be soaked.

Cyanide has made its way into the Middle East from
the Orient and is slowly trickling into Europe. It is made
from bitter almonds. While it is most effective in food
and drink, it can be quite lethal on a blade or crossbow
bolt. Cyanide takes effect the round after the character
is wounded and inflicts seven dice of lethal damage.

Animal poisons: The most commonly known ani-
mal poison is crushed cantharides beetle, which can be
found in the Mediterranean regions. One hour after
receiving the poison, the character suffers seven dice of
lethal damage, which can be soaked. In addition, the
character suffers nausea and is at +1 difficulty to all
Dexterity and Mental die rolls.

The art of "milking" snakes for venom is not widely
known among mortals of Europe. It is quite an art among
the Followers of Set, and some Assamites, Baali and
Nosferatu also know this skill. Spirit-Talkers of the East
may know how to do it, and some groups within the Old
Faith have the skill as well. Milking a snake requires a
Dexterity + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 7) and is at +1
difficulty if the character does not possess an appropriate

specialty. Such venom generally inflicts six levels of
lethal damage, which is soakable.

Other poisons: One of the oldestand best known ways
of poisoning a blade is by smearing it with excrement.
Horse manure is generally preferred, which can easily cause
tetanus. One week after being hit with a weapon smeared
with horse manure, the character must make a Stamina roll
(difficulty 9). If the roll is successful, another roll must be
made at the end of the next week, this time at difficulty 8.

The player must continue testing each week at —1 diffi
culty, until the difficulty reaches 5. Ifany of these rolls fail,
tetanussets in. Itbegins with headaches andastiffneck and
ends with all the muscles contracting and locking up. The
character loses one point of Stamina every four days. When
Staminareaches 1, Dexterity and Strength are also reduced
to | and the character can hardly move. The character dies
at Stamina 0.

Other animal (or human) feces, a rusted blade or a
serrated edge that has never been cleaned of the rotting
blood clots caught in it are all good methods of causing
gangrene. Injury by such a dirty blade requires a Stamina
roll (difficulty 7). Cleaning out the wound with clean
water (or milk, wine, beer, etc.) reduces the difficulty to
6, while cauterizing the wound lowers it to 5 but inflicts
an additional health level of lethal damage. If the roll is
not successful, gangrene affects the infected body part.

")

The flesh begins rotting and the nerves die away, leaving
the infected body part useless. While this does no dam-
age in terms of health levels, the Storyteller should
assign whatever penalties she feels appropriate when the
rot has set in. In 1230, the most common treatment for
gangrene is cutting off the affected body part, but this
does stop the infection from spreading. Cauterizing the
wound might be effective; the character doing the cau-
terizing should roll Intelligence + Medicine (difficulty
8). The character affected is allowed a Stamina roll
(difficulty 10 — the number of successes on the Medicine
roll); if this is successful, the gangrene is halted. How-
ever, this inflicts at least one health level of lethal
damage, more if a large area has been infected. Some
skilled chirurgeons or wise women may know to put

maggots on the infected area; the maggots eat only
rotten flesh, leaving the unaffected flesh untouched.
Arsenic is a byproduct of much copper and some
silver mining. Its poisonous qualities are well known in
the Middle Ages; the unlucky people raking out the
arsenic from smelting ovens have a life expectancy of 3
to 6 months. Arsenic is used for alloys (as a replacement
for tin) but also has more sinister uses. Some vampires
pour out arsenic dust on the floors of their dwellings.
Anyone walking through this dust stirs it up, and while
this does not affect Cainites, breathing creatures are in
mortal danger. After breathing in arsenic dust for one
minute, a character must succeed in a Stamina roll at
difficulty 9. If the roll succeeds, the character is merely

nauseated and at —1 to all dice pools until out of the
arsenic dust and for one scene afterward. If the roll fails,
the character suffers three lethal health levels of damage
and a —2 penalty to all dice pools. In addition, a new roll
must be made every minute until out of the poisoned area
oraroll succeeds. The Gift Resist Toxin protects against
arsenic poisoning, but not against the coughing the dust
induces. Vampires using this kind of poison trap are
advised to change their clothing before leaving their
dwelling (unless they want to inflict mild cases of arsenic
poisoning on those around them).

Supernatural poisons: Assamite blood altered with
Quietus. The alchemical elixirs of the Order of Hermes.
The vile secretions of various Banes. For supernatural

creatures, normal poison is merely the weakest weapon
in the arsenal. It is up to the Storyteller to determine the
effectiveness of these types of poisons, based on the
ingenuity of the player. Some effects, like that of Quietus
vitae, can be found in the relevant books, while others,
such as the effect of the manticore venom tapped by the
Order of Hermes mage after defeating the creature, must

be thought up on a case-by-case basis.

Whispers abound about members of the Old Faith
who have used their magic to change venomous crea-
tures, such as snakes, so that they produce extremely

BLOODFIRE Pols
J nthe Middle East

have worked together
Bay't Mutas|
Animalism,

some Assamite sorcerers
with members of
arid (Clan Nosferatu) and, combining
Assamite Sorcery and Quietus, have
managed to breed warped serpents whose venom
can affect even the undead. If a mortal is infected
with the venom, it simply inflicts three health
levels of lethal damage and results in —2 to all dice
pools for an hour due to intense pain. Cainites,
however, feel their blood burning within them.
Bloodfire poison deals them five dice of aggravated
damage, soakable only with Fortitude. In addition,
it causes extreme pain, reducing all dice pools by
three until the damage has been healed. This venom
is used mainly in traps and by the Mutasharidin,
since the process of milking the monstrous snakes is
quite difficult and Assamites have easier ways of

poisoning their weapons.

lethal poison. Among Cainites, it is a common tale that
members of Clan Nosferatu have achieved the same
effect using vitae and high levels of Animalism.

Wards and Magical
Guardians

While strong walls, skilled guards and clever traps
are good methods of defense, vampires, inquisitors, mages
and werewolves can also use their supernatural powers to
secure themselves and their domains. However formi-
dable these powers, though, they are most often called to
use against invaders with similar capabilities.

Dampires

Among the Cainites, magical protection is mainly the
auspice of the clans employing blood magic: the Tremere,
Assamites, Cappadocians, Followers of Set and Tzimis:
The Tremere are undoubtedly some of the best, having
been forced to perfect their hermetic protection spells or
face destruction at the hands of the fiends. In addition to
rituals such as the various Wards, Defense of the Sacred
Havenand Wake with Evening's Freshness, the clan hasan
entire Path, called Path of Warding, dedicating to protect-
ing their havens and chantries. In addition to this, the
Tremere have created a bloodline, the Gargoyles, for the

express purpose of using them as guards and warriors. For
more information on the Gargoyles, see the Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion.

The Assamites and Cappadocians rarely turn their
magics toward protection, though some Cappadocians
use reanimated corpses or ghosts (see the ritual Compel

the Ghostly Guardian, p. 76, and the Mortis Path of
Cadaverous Animation on p. 193 of Dark Ages: Vam-
pire) as guards. The Assamites have developed few
guardian rituals and no paths that can be turned to that
use. The poisonous vitae that the clan can create with
Quietus works as well on traps in their havens as on the
blades of their warriors, however.

The Tzimisce have a long history of using their
koldunic sorcery to protect their crumbling castles
and much-vaunted privacy. They often employ
spirits to keep watch, alerting them if anyone
trespasses upon their grounds. Their guards are
usually altered monstrosities or members of the
powerful Revenant ghoul families.

The thaumaturgical Disciplines are not the only
ones that can be used to create better defenses. Many
Brujah have extremely heavy doors or large boulders
blocking the entrance to their havens, while mem-
bers of the devious Ravnos clan use their powers of
illusion to conceal traps and entrances to important
rooms. The very nature of the children of Caine can
also be put to good use. Some of the Nosferatu of cities
such as London, Paris and Venice make their lairs in
areas that can be reached only by traveling for several
minutes under water.

Tnquisitors

While inquisitors trust in God for protection, guid-
ance and strength, many of them also know that The
Lord helps those who help themselves. If at all possible,
inquisitors place their chapter houses on Holy Ground.
If not possible (or if the inquisitors have moved into a
new area and taken over a dwelling there), the ritus
Hallow Ground is used. Cells in which no inquisitor
knows this ritus have been known toask other inquisitors
to come and perform it from time to time. Inquisitor cells
also sometimes have access to holy relics that can help
guard their bases of operation. It is said that a Oculi Dei
chapter house in northern Italy contains a piece of cloth
blessed by St. Thomas himself. Ifany enemies of the Lord
enter this place, the cloth immediately glows witha holy,
white light. Of the minor gifts of the Lord, the most
useful with respect to defense of the home is probably the
Orison Eye of Vigilance. An inquisitor thus blessed can
act with her fellow inquisitors during the day and remain
on guard at night. The same effects can be achieved using
the ritus Blessed Vigilance.

Some Knights of Acre have experimented briefly
with adding extremely heavy doors to their dwellings,
requiring Transfiguration of the Flesh in order to open.
Most Knights see their Endowmentsas tools to battle the
enemy, however, not to open doors, so the practice is
rare. In general, the Knights prefer to trust their faith and
sword arms to guard their homes.

The Sisters of St. John's primary defense is Chorale,
which, when performed by enough people, can keep
intruders away from the inner rooms of a building. This
Psalm is the reason most Sisterhood guards carry bows or
crossbows, allowing them to attack enemies held at bay
by the singing. Those inquisitors powerful enough to
have learned Oratorio use this to similar, if even more
impressive, effect.

For those well versed in the Holy Arts, the ritus of
Sunstone is often used to create wards against the crea-
tures of the night. While the creator of the stone must
grasp it to activate it, the stone can afterward be dropped
and it will continue to shine. Stories abound about a
much more potent version of this ritus that empowers a
larger stone, which can then be called to shine by any
faithful. This might just be wishful thinking. It is ru-
mored that the Red Monks have ritae that allow them to
sense whenever an enemy enters their monasteries,
though they have never admitted to this.

Mages

Spellcasters are, of course, experts when it comes to
protecting their chantries, sancta and homes with magi-
cal forces. In fact, some members of the Order of Hermes
have become so enamored of their magical traps and
animated guardians that they have dispensed with nor-
mal protection altogether — often with rather disastrous
results, when their enemies find a way to negate the
magic. Most mages avoid this decidedly single-minded
approach, but it is a rare mage who does not use some
kind of enchantment to ward his home or domain.

Appropriately enough, the Ahl-i-Batin prefer to use
subtle spells to defend their chantries. The powers of the
pillar of al-Layal provide a good basis for spells that
conceal or misdirect, both ona large or small scale. Many
Batini chantries are either disguised as something else or
completely hidden from the eyes of mortal man. The
Pillar of al-Hajj allows for the practitioner to keep a
constant watch on her home from her sanctum —a well
defended Batini chantry will contain a large number of
scrying devices.

Members of the Messianic Voices sometimes seek to
place their chantries on holy ground. This sometimes
leads to conflict with the Inquisition, which sees many
of their more spectacular arts as maleficium. For the
Messianics, the Gifts of Gavri-El are the most useful
when it comes to constructing magical defenses. Wards
that, when triggered, unleash holy fire upon intruders
may be found in many Messianic chantries, especially
those that house enemies of the undead.

For members of the Old Faith, the power of Autumn
is the one most used for protection. The Earth itself may
be sculpted into fantastically strong dwellings, and the
trees may be commanded to wrap their roots around

Z a . Eh eb OOO
7 —* IGHT OF PRINCES = pone fin ; "ee

intruders and to beat upon them with their branches.
Those who live near water often use the powers of the
Winter season. Small streams suddenly rush furiously
when an uninvited guest tries to cross them, marshes
suck attackers under, and creatures made of water may
tise on the banks of lakes to attack enemies.

To the Order of Hermes, magic is a tool, like a
hammer to a blacksmith or a sword to a knight. The
Hermetics often use this tool in the protection of their
chantries. In fact, due to the sometimes quite vicious
infighting in the Order, the Hermetics have become
masters of guarding against magical assaults and intru-
sions — some to the point that they ignore the common
realm entirely, often with less than pleasant results. The
Forma of Primus forms the basis of such antimagical
wards, negating the effect of hostile magic. Spells that
reveal the use of nonsanctioned magic (for example, to
reveal intruders who have made themselves invisible or
shapechanged) are also common. The Forma of Corona
is used to create intricate symbols that baffle and confuse
all who look upon them, making them easy prey for the
magus' guards. Of course, the Forma of Animus can be
used to create all kinds of guardians. The Forma of Vires

is sometimes overlooked by mages who focus on the
manipulation of Primus, but it can be exceptionally
effective in keeping intruders away.

Many Spirit-Talkers are too nomadic to need much
in the way of protection. A simple plea to the right spirits
will result in someone watching over a mage as she

sleeps, and that can be all a wanderer needs. However,
settled Spirit-Talkers have a few spells at their disposal.
Calling upon the Trickster Totem, Spirit-Talkers can
cloak the homes of themselves and their tribe or bring
misfortune to those who would intrude. When a dwell-
ing is first constructed, the Warrior can help in making
it easily defensible. The Wise One may not only offer
insight when enemies approach, but also let the Spirit-
Talker call upon spirits to help defend her home.

The Valdaermen of the cold north know many
tunes of protection and use them to great effect. The
Galdrar runes are those used most often, but where the
Batini employ their powers of the hidden to conceal
their chantries, the Valdaermen use the runes to lead
would-be intruders into traps or ambushes, preferring to
face their enemies (though often from an advantageous
position) rather than see them wander off in befuddle-
ment. If absolutely necessary, a Valdarmathr can forbid
strangers to enter a protected area, though this sort of
spell is used mainly to protect villages and other larger
areas. Valdaermen also use their runes to strengthen the
walls and doors of their chantries. Finally, Valdaermen
are known to invoke curses against those who would
trespass uninvited on their grounds, often sealing such
curses with a bl6t dedicated to Odin or Loki.

xs
eam an ee
ase 2 fi oom H,
NS - < Gi

~ Sa ne S =
=
Werewolves

Rites, Gifts and spirits are the weapons in the Garou
arsenal, all of which are put to good use when protecting
a caern. If intruders are suspected, the Rite of the
Badger's Burrow can be performed to determine who, if
any, has entered the caern, as well as his location. The
Rite of the Shrouded Glen can hide a caern from hostile
spirits and attackers from the Umbra, though it makes it
impossible for friendly spirits and Garou to find as well.
Rite of the Wilderness can protect the area in which a
caern lies from human intrusions, something that is
quite efficient if enemies strike with influence rather
than brute force. For those werewolves who find them-

selves in need of protecting structures outside a caern,
Awakening of Gaia's Strength is a wonderful tool, al-
though it is mainly practiced by the Warders.

Spirits are a great boon when it comes to defense. A
normal caern will often be attended by at least a handful
of friendly spirits who can keep watch in the Umbra and

Te

Feristi BELLS OF WARNING
Level Four, Gnosis 7

This fetish consists of a gold bell about the size
ofa Crinos fist, along with three smaller bells made,
of brass, bronze or copper. None of the bells has a
clapper. The larger bell is placetl roughly in the
center on the area to be protected, displayed promi- |
nently, while the three smaller bells are taken out )
and hidden somewhere, at a maximum distance of
a thousand yards from the center. When all the |
bells have been placed, a standard roll activates the
fetish. For each success on the activation roll, the
fetish functions for one week. Ona failure, it cannot
be activated for an entire day, while on a botch, the')
user thinks the bells are active when they are, in
fact, inert. A 4

The fetish is teicher when any creature larger
than a fox, and which was not present during the |
activation, crosses into the triangular area defined
by the three smaller bells. A mental image of the
creature is sent to the character who activated the )
fetish and the golden bell rings out loudly enough to |

* awaken anyone within 15 feet. The fetish does riot
extend into the Umbra, but it can penetrate powers
of invisibility, Roll the fetish's Gnosis in a con;
tested roll versus the intruder's Wits + Stealth. If'
one of the small bells is found and moved or de-
stroyed, the fetish stops working until the Bell is '
replaced.

To'create the Bells of Waring, an ancestor'

spirit ora spirit of a bird of prey must be bound into
‘the lee bell. '

~ ae aE er A
SS "4 aa,
we ™~\ ‘


sometimes also in the ph'

awaken the spirits of trees in or near the

they can lash out and injure or at least inconvenienc
intruders. In times of trouble, creating multiple talens
with the Rite of Binding can help guard an area. In septs
blessed with an abundance of ancestor spirits, it might be
possible to persuade some of them to help patrol the
boundaries of a caern, should extra help be deemed
necessary. Some caerns have special seats on rocky
outcroppings or in the crowns of sacred trees. Sitting in
such a seat allows the character to see both into the
Umbra and the real world. With an almost unlimited
variety of spirits, almost any kind of warding talen or
fetish can be created. Many Garou would prefer to craft
fetishes of war instead, however.

Few of the werewolf Gifts lend themselves to protect-
ing an area or structure. The Fianna Gift Faerie Light can
be used to lead interlopers away from important areas, the
Homid Gift Reshape Object can be used to create intricate
traps and doors of exceptional strength, the Black Fury Gift
Curse of Aeolus can obscure an area from enemies, and the

ed Talon Gift Trackless Waste can be used for those few
times when the Talons wish to lead intruders away rather
than kill them. Precious few other Gifts are designed to
help protect an area, though they most definitely help
defeat intruders once discovered.

Vranching Out

By now the group hasa territory anda dwelling in
that territory, the characters' guards are deployed,
their traps are set, and they feel confident they can
repel anyone who tries to take over their demesne or
ruin their influence. What is next?

Build a new sphere of influence, of cours

ampires

For Cainites, building new areas of influence is
almost as natural as drinking blood. It is a rare vam-
pire indeed who does not seek to broaden her power
base, and even the insular Gangrel clan has its
of power-hungry scheme

The main problem for vampires is the fact that
they sleep during the day (running a close second is
their pallor, which tends to disturb people, although
many Cainite Auras also unnerve the common folk).
Thus, vampires tend to work through proxies, nor-
mally ghouls or people under subtle mental control
or simple employment. These pawns can go out
during the day, meet the right people, talk to them,
eat with them and deal with them in ways that the
undead cannot.

Retainers, therefore, is a good Background to
have if a vampire wishes to branch out into other

THe BLoop OatH

ie the world of the Cainites, creating a
ghoul is not done lightly and is rarely dis-
cussed. They may mention putting someone under
the blood oath, but it is something done only with
a good deal of deliberation. Unfortunately, many
players think that ghouling, dominating and vari-
ous other —ings are the ways to control humanity
without problems.

If that were so, then the children of Caine
would truly control humanity.

There is a reason why older vampires look
down upon young Cainites who throw their
blood and powers about. First, it shows that the
young ones are not capable of getting things
done by their own wits. Second, it risks exposing
vampires to those who would hunt them. Con
sider: A Cainite subjects a merchant to the
blood oath. He falls in love with her. The next
time he is at confession, he confesses this un
natural desire to the priest. The priest wonders if
perhaps the Cainite has put the merchant under
some form of vileenchantment and investigates.
Suddenly, she finds inquisitors at her door. Also,
getting someone to drink blood can be quite
difficult. Even if a vampire manages to strike up
a friendship with whomever she has targeted,
nothing short of mind control will force some
one to drink blood, and while there are all
manner of surreptitious ways of giving someone
vampiric vitae, they all require both planning
and luck. What a vampire ends up with might
very easily be a nobleman, bishop or merchant
who pines away for her love, flies into jealous
rages every time she speaks with someone else or
goes on a pilgrimage due to his foul and unnatu-
ral urges. This is why most Cainites reserve the
blood oath for guards and personal servants

Dominate fares little better. Someone under
this form of control has a tendency to lose his
capacity for initiative, constantly referring back
to his liege in order to get commands. This is
rarely the kind of behavior one would want from
the master of the Guild of Goldsmiths.

Backgrounds. Grabbing some random person off the
street and forcing blood into him will not, however,
yield the same kind of Retainer that putting a dot in
the Background at character creation will. Back-
grounds bought from the start are an integral part of
the character, while Storytellers are free to add all
sorts of unpleasant side effects or stipulations on

Peni =
LF lien OS Fo

+ RIGHT-OF PRINCES + LD =
= = 25 2 o Pe A


Backgrounds gained during game — the new ghoul
might turn out to have a drinking problem, or the
priest that a vampire thinks she's made her Contact
is in reality suspicious of her nature. Of course, Sto-

rytellers can (and should) reward good planning and
role-playing.

Using what you have is the way to go if you wish
to expand. Look at the Backgrounds at your disposal,
decide on what you want to move into and then get
as much information as possible. If you have a loyal
Retainer, getting him into position as the local baron's
chief steward will grant you at least some informa-
tion about the baron. You could then take this
information to the troubadour desperate to win the
favor of the baron, granting you a friend and a dot in
Allies. Resources can often be converted into at least
Contacts and probably also Retainers of some kind.
If you have nothing to work with, serving a more
powerful and influential vampire might be the only
option. While it is somewhat demeaning for one
Cainite to serve another, unless it is a childe and sire
relationship, many vampire lords recognize how effi-
cient a Cainite retainer can be. It is up to your
creativity and ingenuity to use what you have for the
maximum effect.

Erample

Tomasino of Clan Brujah is a former sailor in
Venice. After his Embrace, he finds himself without
any real money, but with substantial Contacts and
Allies among Venetian sailors and dockside ruffians
and a loyal Retainer in the form of his younger
brother. After some investigation, and a boon in-
curred to the local Nosferatu, Tomasino learns of a

small war of influence between a Toreador and a
Lasombra, both of whom have substantial interest in
the silk trade. Tomasino approaches the stronger of
the two, the Lasombra, and offers the services of
himself and his people for as long as it takes to break
the Toreador. His price is a small share in the silk
trade and introductions for his brother to the right
people. The Lasombra accepts and Tomasino puts his

friends to work busting heads, watching warehouses
and harassing the people who serve the Toreador.
Within a y
gained himself both some Resources and a bit of
Influence with the local guilds. Now he plans to outfit
his own trading vessel...

Inquisitors

While some hold that the Lord's chosen should
not be distracted from their holy mission by worldly

, the war is won and Tomasino has

goods and influence, those very goods and influence
can be turned to the Lord's work. Money can be


spent to equip God's soldiers, Contacts can look for
signs of heresy, Allies can lend help in defeating the
enemies of the Lord, and Influence makes the work
that much easier.

Inquisitors face no more difficulty than normal
mortals in interacting with humanity, and some of them
have gifts granted by God that can help them sway others
to their cause. While inquisitors might not have to rely
solely upon existing Backgrounds, they still face trouble
when trying to get something from nothing. Inquisitors
can employ many of the tactics mentioned for vampires
above, but they are not forced to work through factors.
In addition, their blessings from God and even their very
work can help establish new areas of influence.

Example

A mixed group of inquisitors based in Harrogate,
Yorkshire, travels to a small village half a day's journey
south in order to investigate rumors of diabolical hap-
penings. They find the village besieged by shapeshifters
who, from time to time, steal away the children. During
the ensuing battle, the entire cell shows divinely granted
powers. Unfortunately, the village church is partially
destroyed by one of the rampaging lycanthropes and
several of the villagers are injured. After the battle, the
inquisitors stay, helping heal the wounded. They pay for
the church's repair and use their influence with the local
baron to reduce the taxes levied upon the village for the
next year. Touched by the faith and purity of their
rescuers, some of the young men of the village pledge
their service to the inquisitors, and the locals promise to
report any and all rumors of unnatural events. The
inquisitors have gained both Contacts and Flock, though
they soon find themselves swamped in rumors of dancing
faeries, devil-worshipping nobles, and births of two-
headed calves.

Mages

While some mages involve themselves in the affairs
of the mortal world around them, most recognize that
while no mortal influence can rival the power of magic,
it can most certainly help in acquiring books and labo-
ratory materials, as well as keep away suspicious
witch-hunters. Some mages, especially those of the Ahl-
i-Batin and Messianic Voices, go about building new
areas of interest in much the same way as normal mortals
— investing money, trading favors, making friends.
Others use their powers of magic or even their positions
as mages to make money (sometimes literally). In older
times, both members of the Old Faith and the Valdaermen
would sell their services to leaders, and the Order of
Hermes has been known to do such good trade in magical
items that laws have been instituted among the Hermetics
on what kind of items may be sold to what kind of people.

Most mages find themselves in need of more subtlety
these days, however, with the notable exception of the
Spirit-Talkers, many of whom still fill positions as holy
men among their people.

Mages can often deal with Commoners ona face-to-
face basis, although some of them have been marked by
their practices and must deal through factors. Their
magic can be a great boon in making new contacts or
starting up business ventures (a simple rune of good
fortune carved ona trading vessel will go a long way), but
this does not exclude the use of other Backgrounds,
much in the same way as vampires.

Erample

A young cabal of Messianic mages has moved up
from Germany to occupy an old Valdaermen site near
Roskilde, on Zealand, whose former occupants have
been driven away by the Church. Seeking to establish
themselves and knowing that the Valdaermen might
return, the Messianics set about influencing the local
area. One of them, well versed in theological rhetoric
and having contacts among some of the more renowned
bishops of the Holy Roman Empire, strikes up a friend-
ship with the local Bishop, using letters of introduction
from his contacts. Another takes up a position as a lay
preacher among the small villages in the area, preaching
vigilance among the people. A third, calling upon the
powers of Repha-El, becomes a renowned craftsman.
From this, the cabal not only gains an important Ally in
the Bishop, but also Contacts in the local community
and Resources from the craftsman's work.

Werewolves

While many werewolves couldn't care less about
what the humans are up to and dismiss influence
among them as something for the weak and distrusted
Warders, the wiser among them recognize that money,
influence and friends among the humans can be quite
useful in the battle against the Wyrm. The Garou
must contend with the Curse when dealing with
humans, however. Most werewolves have an extremely
unsettling effect on normal humans; while this is a
great boon in intimidation, it is less useful when
trying to win new friends. Therefore, most Garou deal
through their Kinfolk. In fact, many Garou fully
expect their Kinfolk to manage any and all sorts of
interaction with normal humans. They casually order
the Kinfolk to cultivate relations with the nobles
living nearby, not caring how it is done, merely
punishing failure. Some Garou recognize the error in
this and offer both suggestions and whatever help
they can.

While Kinfolk who have achieved positions of local
power or influence are a great boon to a sept, these very

es ; =
Pa P Pra pl oh LS ey a: a P
eh be! Ero —w, R -OF PRINCES - aah Biri CHORES
= S.,__RIGHT-OF PRINCES + = ; o

Kin can also become great enemies. If they feel that they
have been mistreated, they might turn their influence
against their oppressors. With the knowledge that Kin-
folk have about werewolves and their ways, this becomes
agreat danger.

Warders and Bone Gnawers are the two tribes who
mostly interact with humanity themselves, using various
Gifts to secure Contacts, Influence and Resources. Their
Gai:
good use — a Ragabash under the veil of Blissful Igno-
rance can sneak into a rival's warehouse and wreak all

iven powers and abilities can easily be turned to

sorts of havoc.

Erample

The Sept of Thunder's Favor lies to the south of
Buda-Pest. The Shadow Lords know that all manner
of Wyrm-tainted abominations dwell within the walls

of this great city, especially Leeches, so they are
anxious for both information and ways to combat
them without exposing the caern. A young pack, the
Runners in Shadows, is assigned this mission. The
pack members start off by sending their Kinfolk into
the city, establishing themselves as lumber merchants
with the money they have been given by the sept and
the trees felled by other Kinfolk near the caern. The
Kinfolk quickly rise to prominence, due to the sabo-
tage and elimination that the Runners perform on
rivals. With this prominence come Contacts among
carpenters and Allies in the various builder's guilds,
something put to good use when the sept moves
against the Leeches, knowing the layout of their
homes and what traps might lie within. The money
generated by the trade is given to the Kinfolk to keep
them happy, minus a tithe to the sept, of course.

4 ae
\ <i ee — \ ae ~
Ses css a SRE


"Pale Death kicks his wafequallfiin the cottages of the
poor and the castles of kings,
— Horace

The possibilities for Background pools are nearly limitless.
While the examples throughout this book should serve to give
Storytellers and players some good ideas for what kind of power
the characters can command, some fleshed-out examples might
also be helpful for designing chronicles, antagonists, or allies.

To that end, this chapter contains four sample demesnes, one
for each type of character (vampires, mages, inquisitors and
werewolves). These demesnes should not be considered "canon";
they are merely examples and will not be appearing in future
supplements as established locales.

The Domain of Strood

At first glance, little separates Strood from so many other
large farming villages in England. It lies in Kent, about half an
hour's ride from the important city of Rochester. Watling Street,
aroad built by the Romans for the transport of goods, runs through


Strood on its way from Dover to London. This results
in a steady stream of travelers, as the road is still used
for this purpose, as well as transporting a large number
of pilgrims. The village even has a high street on
which lies an inn —a real inn with rooms, not just a
one-story tavern. The Maidstone Inn is a stopping
point fora number of people traveling Watling Street,
even though most prefer to stop in Rochester instead.
Another thing that separates Strood from other
English villages is the presence of a young coterie of
Cainites, derisively known as Jean-Marc's Rabble by
Rochester's established Cainites. This coterie is dedi-
cated to increasing the importance of Strood, as the
Cainites' own influence and status is closely con-
nected to the fate of the village. They have a number
of schemes and plans at work, sharing both the ben-
efits and responsibility of the domain of Strood.

The Coterie

Jean-Mare's Rabble is actually the result of the
machinations of Maiselle, an ancilla Toreador with
great plans to become the power behind the throne
once Strood has grown to become a proper town. Her
plan involves building up Strood to become an impor-
tant trading town, earning recognition for Jean-Marc
as Prince of Strood and then ruling the Domain with
Jean-Marc as her puppet.

Maiselle is a skilled manipulator, but she brings
very little to the coterie when it comes to resources.
Her age and generation grant her some status, which
tubs off on her associates, and she has some meager
savings from which to draw. In addition, she has
placed the innkeeper of the Maidstone under the
blood oath and Embraced his daughter.

Jean-Marc isa Ventrue in the "gray area" between
neonate and ancilla. He is the nominal leader of the
coterie and an ambitious Cainite. Maiselle has con-
vinced him that he can become prince, and as such he
works tirelessly to increase Strood's importance. He
has a large amount of money and some small invest-
ments with merchant ventures in London. Thisincome
is at the disposal of the rest of the coterie.

Catherine Maidstone is Maiselle's childe, a very
young Toreador and a native of Strood. She is the
daughter of the innkeeper of the Maidstone Inn and is
on good terms with most of the important people of
the village. In addition, her brothers are more than
willing to come to her aid if need be. Her interest in
Strood stems both from it being her home and from
the fact that she considers Maiselle her mistress.

Manfred Bauer is a Brujah ancilla in search of a
place to stay anda focus for his existence. He ended up

ya fd = =>

+ RIGHT OF PRINCES - P24

ponemappets adh

in Strood and has taken a liking to the village and to
the other Cainites. A former mercenary, he still has
several contacts among such, as well as a great deal of
experience in how to guard an area from threats.

The coterie makes its haven in the Maidstone
Inn, inaroom constructed by Manfred and Catherine's
brothers off the root cellar. The door between the
cellar and the room is a stout oak door reinforced with
iron. During the day, the only guards are Catherine's
father and brothers, but no one knows that the coterie
is there. At night, Catherine generally helps her
family manage the inn, at the same time listening for
gossip among travelers and locals alike and making
friends with anyone who seems important. If Maiselle
is not in Rochester visiting her small herd, she sits at
a table with Manfred, often inviting those travelers
who seem important over for a talk. The locals think
that she is a widow whose husband was a relation to
the Baron of Rochester and that she is on bad terms
with the Baron, thus staying here with only a manser-
vant. Jean-Marc is generally talking to travelers, trying
to trick some money from them, possibly finding a
worthwhile venture to invest in, or trying his best to
influence the local leaders on various matters. The
villagers of Strood believe him to be a distant relative
of Maiselle's, and he is highly respected for the help he
offers whenever possible. So far, the coterie has been
able to explain its daylight absence with business in
Rochester or nearby towns for Maiselle and Manfred,
business (or sleeping it off) for Jean-Marc and resting
and working in the kitchen for Catherine.

The Domain

Strood is a pleasant village, the center of which is
located on a hill that gives a good view of the old
cathedral and the imposing Rochester Castle. The
village's high street, part of Watling Street, is flanked
by the Maidstone Inn and the meeting hall, a large
building that the leaders of the village use for meet-
ings. In addition, the smithy and the workshop of the
village wheelwright (who is also the village cooper
and carpenter) can be found here. The church lies a
bit off from the center of the village, on a small rise.
The area is mainly gentle hills with no real forests
nearby. A single, small wood, called Pig's Wallow,
provides timber and firewood. The land becomes
flatter down toward Rochester, which lies on the
banks of the river Medway.

Strood is quite large, with outlying farms spread in
a semicircle that reaches in all directions but toward
Rochester. The population is somewhere around 500,
with just under 50 families, most of them farmers. The

= — ledge

farmers are mainly serfs, bonded to the Baron of
Rochester, but there are a few freemen. The crops are
mainly wheat, while the livestock is predominantly
a few

cows and pigs, and every farm has at le:
chickens. Any surplus of milk, meat or eggs is sold at

one of the markets held in Rochester every other
Saturday. The few freemen are also allowed to gather
fallen acorns in Pig's Wallow and go to the Medway to
fish and to hunt rabbits and doves, while the serfs have

‘0 such rights. Hunting with owls is quite popular
among the freemen, and near midsummer the village
holds a competition over who has the best owl. In
general, the people are like villagers all over England,
if perhaps a bit more ambitious about their village.
However large the village, though, there is quite a
lack of vitae for the coterie. Maiselle has her
herd in Rochester, but the rest make due

with feeding from the oc-
casional lonely
traveler and

NA a

" hn E ms
ee ee ee ee eee
ot + CHAPTER FOUR + =

- SHADOW DEM

making forays into Roc r or nearby villages and
towns.

The only thing that prevents Strood from being a
town is the fact that the Baron of Rochester has so far
refused to allow a market to be held in it. During the
Siege of Rochester Castle, from October to December
1215, some of the markets of Rochester moved to
Strood (others went to villages such as Borstalle and
Stoke). When King John succeeded in taking back
the castle from the barons who had occupied it (by
torching its foundation, using 40 tons of pig's fat), the
Cainites of Rochester were quick to nudge those in
command to reinstate the status quo, making sure that
the profitable markets re-

mained in


Rochester. One of the key elements of Maiselle's plans
is to win a concession from the Baron of Rochester for
markets to be held in Strood, so that the farmers and
craftsmen of the village do not need to sell their wares
in Rochester. In addition, a market will bring greater
trade and a greater number of people to Strood,
increasing the wealth and influence of the coterie. If
Strood grows into a town, it should be possible to have
Jean-Marc recognized as Prince of Strood, greatly
increasing his own status and that of his coterie.

If the coterie manages to win rights to hold a
market in the village, the next plan is to hire a handful
of crippled mercenaries through Manfred's contacts.
These mercenaries can then train villagers to fight
and act as guards.

Strood in Dots

Strood represents six dots worth of Domain —
five dots of size, with a single dot dedicated to security,
as represented by the fact that potential attackers
would either need to find out where the coterie is
sleeping and then get by whoever is in the inn during
the day or risk an attack during the night, when the
taproom of the inn is usually quite full. Also, any
newcomers have to make sure not to be seen by locals,
or either Catherine or Jean-Marc will more than likely
hear about it. Jean-Marc and Maiselle both contribute
two points to the Domain, while Catherine and
Manfred add one point each. Jean-Marc contributes
three points of Resources and two points of Contacts,
while Maiselle adds one point of Resources and Re-
tainers (but keeps her Herd to herself). Catherine
contributes two points of Allies, and Manfred adds
another two points of Contacts. The Domain is the
Anchor Background for the coterie. In total, the
Background pool comprises Domain 6, Resources 4,
Contacts 3, Allies 2, and Retainers 1.

Outside Tnterests

The domain of Strood is far too small to play any
part in the power struggles of the Court of Avalon.
Rochester, however, has become a bit of a chess piece
recently, and events that could affect the Rabble's
plans are currently underway.

Rochester, in the world of the Cainites, falls
under the purview of the Baron (or Archbishop, as he
prefers) of Canterbury. Archbishop Adrian is part of
the Cainite Heresy and engaged in a power struggle
against another of the great powers, James Mannerly
of Dover, in England. He has so far been unsuccessful
in introducing much of the Heresy's doctrine in the
Rochester area. The older Cainites are not interested

ee rs eh

+ RIGHT OF PRINCES - Z

sigmniguasteieeiesenateenaeiiendlbed asasanaaesmmamass

in the Church, while the younger fear it. The Cathe-
dral of Rochester, and the clergy therein, is strong in
faith, which has caused many an unwary Cainite to
burn his fingers, or worse. Adrian would very much
like to bring the leading Cainites of Rochester into the
Heresy, and if Prince Harold and his court are unwill-
ing, then perhaps it is time for a change. If Maiselle
and Jean-Marc were to learn of Adrian's ambitions,
they might gain a formidable ally. Neither of them
would be worried about entering into the Heresy in
order to further their own plans.

As a stopping point for goods transported be-
tween London and Dover, Rochester and the area
around it are of passing interest to a large number of
merchants, local and abroad, some of who have
Cainites as partners, investors or masters. These mer-
chants and Cainites are primarily interested in the
smooth transport of their goods. As long as there are
no bandit attacks, no trouble with getting rooms at
Rochester's inns and good maintenance of Watling
Street, they are unlikely to take any direct interest in
Rochester's affairs. Manfred has suggested disrupting
the transportation of wares, but he has not come up
with a plan on how to do it so that no clues lead back
to the coterie. If the coterie manages to carry it off,
enough trouble would mean that the Cainites of the
Rochester area would have to direct their attention
toward it, giving the coterie more room to maneuver,
since the focus would shift from them to the more
immediate problem of bandit activity.

Allies

The villagers of Strood are friendly toward the
coterie. While many of them fear Manfred for his size
and intimidating looks, it is apparent that he is under
strict orders from Lady Maiselle, of whom the locals
are slightly in awe. Most villagers like Jean-Marc quite
well. He is very generous, lending money without
asking for interest like the Jews of Rochester. He has
helped the leaders of the village earn a few concessions
from the Baron of Rochester, and the plan to gain
market rights for Strood has been met with general
approval. Catherine is a local girl, and not a single
man in Strood between the ages of 15 and 45 can keep
himself from desiring her. Many of the young men in
the village are in love with her, but they are too afraid
of her father to do anything about it. In general, all
members of the coterie can count on the assistance of
the villagers, as long as it is for small tasks and
information.

Thomas Maidstone is the coterie's greatest ally.
He is a large, tyrannical man with a fading mop of red

"~

—_
a


hair, and he is not above beating his wife and children,
especially if he has been drinking. He acts almost
unbearably servile toward Maiselle, and his fear of
Manfred, whom he cannot intimidate, makes him
treat the Brujah with the utmost respect. Despite his
temper and bullying (or perhaps because of these
traits), he is one of the leaders of the village. Owning
the Maidstone also plays no small part in this. Thomas
is both respected and feared by most of the people in
Strood, and because of his approval (in large part due
to Maiselle's blood oath), Maiselle and Jean-Marc had
an easier time earning the trust of the villagers.

Catherine's brothers, Thomas and Michael, love
their sister and are willing to do everything they can
to help her. Thomas is the oldest, 17, and takes after
his mother — tall, thin and pale. He is an intelligent
boy, and Maiselle and Jean-Marc have plans to send
him into the clergy, gaining a pawn in the church.
Michael takes after his father. At 15, he is already
nearly six feet tall and able to grow a spot of beard. He
has a volatile temper, and Manfred has secretly in-
structed the young man in the use of a battleaxe.
Neither boy is popular among the other villagers;
Thomas is seen as fey-marked and Michael as a bully.
It is clear that Michael will probably take over the
Maidstone and continue in his father's footsteps,
maybe even becoming leader of the town council,
should Strood grow large enough to have an official
one. The brothers are not the best of friends, but they
are loyal to their family.

The village smith, Matthew, is also one of the
leaders. He is in love with Catherine, despite being
married and having five children of his own, and he is
willing to do nearly anything for her. Matthew is a
short, stocky man with a mild temper and a desire for
little else but a quiet life and perhaps a night spent
with Catherine. Everyone in the village likes him, and
since people from the smaller villages near Strood all
come to him when they need a smith, he has an
extensive network of friends.

Although the Baron of Rochester rules Strood
(through Giles d'Robert; see Enemies below), the
village also has something resembling a town council,
although it has no real power. This council is nomi-
nally headed by the eldest male villager and made up
of the oldest farmers, along with the innkeeper of the
Maidstone, the village smith, the wheelwright and
the village priest. Most of the elders are friendly with
one or more of the coterie, including Aldrec, the
current head of the council. Aldrec has come to rely
heavily on Jean-Marc's advice and help, something

. ce i Oe
Sim el = — Cl
ae : sae DON

that has given Jean-Marc a great deal of influence with
the council.

So far, the coterie lacks Cainite allies. Maiselle's
sire, should he come back to the area, might conceiv-
ably be convinced to lend aid to his childe, but
Maiselle doesn't know where he is or how to contact
him. Jean-Marc is trying to ally himself with Adelbert,
a Nosferatu who claims Rochester Bridge, a key ele-
ment in Watling Street, as his domain. Adelbert
despises the Rochester court, as Prince Harold has
tried to take away his domain several times through a
variety of schemes, but he is loath to share the wealth
and influence the bridge gives him.

Enemies

The Baron of Rochester is not an enemy as such.
Maiselle sees him asa pawn of the Prince of Rochester,
Harold the Bearded, who is using the Baron to prevent
any villages under Rochester's control from gaining
permission to hold markets. Giles d'Robert, however,
the Baron's steward, is an enemy of both the village in
general and the coterie's plans in particular. He is a
vain, cruel Norman with an intense dislike of the
Anglo-Saxon population of Strood. Before the coterie
made Strood its home, he would demand higher taxes
than what had been set by the Baron and then take the
difference for himself. He was also known to take a
village girl with him to the castle from time to time
such girls come home shaking and afraid of a man's
touch. Jean-Marc and Manfred have managed to
intimidate him into somewhat less extreme behavior,
but d'Robert feels humbled and is angry. The coterie
cannot simply kill him, as this would raise too many
questions, but Maiselle is working on a number of
ideas on how to get him out of the picture.

The Prince of Rochester, Harold the Bearded, is
a greedy, power-hungry and petty Ventrue. His lin-
eage is not a renowned one, and his relationship with
Mithras, who is his sire's grandsire, is his only claim to
greatness. Despite this, he is arrogant, patronizing and
overbearing with those beneath him and incredibly
sycophantic toward his betters. He became prince
short after the Norman invasion, orchestrating the
removal of the former prince through a great deal of
trade in favors. He ended up owing a lot of people and
has been suffering under his debts ever since. Harold
is determined to hold on to his domain and to scrape
every bit of money, power and influence he can from
it. He is strongly opposed to the idea of letting villages
and towns nearby hold markets, as the markets repre-
senta fairly good income for him and his court. He has

~

~


a great deal of sway with the Baron of Rochester, who
regards Harold as one of his most trusted advisors, but
the Baron's oldest son seems to dislike Harold for some
reason. Harold has plans to eliminate him, thus mak-
ing his younger brother heir to the barony.

Thomas le Petit is the most influential Toreador
in Rochester, a tall, thin man with a sallow look. He
assisted Harold in the taking of Rochester and has a
great deal of influence among the Cainites of the Kent
area. It was he who gave the coterie the derogative
name Jean-Marc's Rabble, and he is strongly opposed
to their advancement. In contrast to Prince Harold,
he is not worried about the loss of revenue, as his
interest would suffer little if villages were allowed to
hold their own markets. His enmity stems from the
fact that he believes they are a group of young upstarts
(despite Maiselle's age) and that they should be taught
a lesson. Thomas left Normandy because of the fail-
ures he suffered there and is now trying to prove his
worth, mainly to himself, by trouncing those beneath
him. He is a vain, selfish man with aspirations to
become one of the most influential Cainites in Kent.

Unknown to them, the coterie members have also
managed to raise the ire of the local Faerie Court. Ever
since the village was founded, a gnarled oak tree has
stood on a hill to the north. The hill and the immedi-
ate area around it have always been seen as the
territory of the faeries, and anyone who dared to farm
the ground or graze their animals would be taken by
them. Seeking new land for the farmers of the village
to expand into, Jean-Marc and Manfred went out to
the hill one night and cut down the oak tree, the
symbol of the faeries' power. The villagers have slowly
begun to use the land, but the faeries living beneath
the hill are infuriated. At this point in time, the Seelie
Court is dominant and a debate rage as to what should
be done. Come winter, though, the Court will change
to Unseelie, and there is little doubt that they will
demand payment in blood for crime of cutting down
their tree. The church prevents them from entering
Strood proper, so they are more likely to terrorize
nearby farmsteads, hoping to lure the vampires out of
the village.

And theRest

A few of the more noteworthy villagers of Strood are
neutral toward the coterie. All four members have
avoided the village priest, Father Alwyn, as much as
possible. Neither Jean-Marc nor Maiselle are interested
in attracting even the smallest bit of attention from the
Church. So far, Father Alwyn is completely unaware of
the evil residing in his village. He is old, however, and

when he dies, it is likely that one of the clergy from
Rochester will be assigned to Strood. This man may be
more perceptive and of stronger faith than Alwyn,
which might well mean trouble for the coterie.
Andrew, the village wheelwright, is one of the few
people who has not been charmed by either Jean-
Marc or Catherine. He is an extremely pious man and
feels that there is something wrong with Jean-Marc.
As for Catherine, he likes her well enough, but he is
a married man and thinks that she is not acting like a
proper Christian, shamelessly flirting with the men in
the Maidstone when she should have already been
married. Andrew is also very cautious, and the many
ideas for change suggested by Jean-Marc have him
worried about possible repercussions from Rochester.

Jean-Marc' s Rabble

Jean-Marc d Martinique,
Crafter of Lies

10th-generation Ventrue, childe of Kay of
Shrewsbury, walker on the Road of Sin

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1170

Apparent Age: Late teens to early 20s

Background: Ifanyone asks, Jean-Marc will gladly
tell that he is the eldest son of the Baron of Martinique,
but alas born out of wedlock. Given an allowance in
return for staying away, he decided to travel first to


Normandy and then Britain, looking for a chance to
invest his money ina business venture of some sort. In
truth, there is no Barony of Martinique. Jean-Marc
was the son of a camp follower and a mercenary. Born
without his father's size and strength, he was not made
to be a warrior and instead became a thief and a
mountebank. He is an accomplished liar and managed
to swindle quite a number of wealthy merchants and
minor nobles. When his face was too well known in
Normandy, he made his way across the Channel.
Here, he continued his charade with a success that
surprised even himself. A young Ventrue of noble
blood but little money Embraced the rich French
"nobleman." Soon after, Jean-Marc's sire realized the
error he had made and Jean-Marc fled, ending up in
Rochester. As luck would have it, he met Maiselle
there. She involved him in her schemes, telling him
that as a Ventrue he would make a fine Prince of
Strood. Jean-Marc, believing it, decided that perhaps
it was time to settle down.

Image: Jean-Marc is of average height and slight
build. His hair is long and dirty blond, while his eyes
are startling blue. With his fine-boned features, he is
quite attractive, though his inability to grow a beard
in life gives him a slightly boyish look. He generally
wears fine clothing and carries a dagger at his belt.

Mais elle of Rochester,
Ambitions Ancilla

8th-generation Toreador, childe of Jacques the
Fair, walker on the Road of Kings

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1107

Apparent Age: Mid 20s

Background: Maiselle's family came to England
with William the Conqueror. Her grandfather was
given land near Rochester as reward for his services,
and with his sons he built a large farm there. Maiselle
was born to the youngest brother, a fact she deeply
despised. Since her father had no chance of inheriting
the farm, Maiselle's suitors were not likely to be
especially wealthy and powerful, and wealth and power
were the two things she desired most. She managed to
get a position as one of the Baroness of Rochester's
chambermaids, intent on meeting some young noble-
man and ensnaring his heart. Unfortunately, she was
not blessed with great beauty to make up for her
meager means and so found herself aging without
having been married. Then, one night, her lady enter-
tained a wandering minstrel. Maiselle could feel

something about the man, a power that defied descrip-
tion. She confronted him outside his room, demanding
to know who he truly was. The minstrel, a Toreador,
was impressed. He told her of his world and offered her
achance at greater power. Maiselle was made a ghoul
and traveled with the minstrel for a year. After this
time, she was given the Embrace and set free. Imme-
diately, she made her way back to Rochester, intent on
gaining the power she so desired. Unfortunately, the
Cainites of Rochester were old and set in their ways,
and she had little success with her petty schemes. She
was about to give up and greet the sun when she met
ayoung, inexperienced Cainite witha large amount of
money. Immediately, she formed a plan for a domain
of her own.

Image: Maiselle is tall and regal, with long, black
hair and piercing brown eyes. She favors the clothing
of a wealthy woman and her appearance is quite
striking, if not beautiful. Her voice is probably the
thing that people remember best; it is as if it was
created to shout orders.

Catherine Maidstone, Voung Beauty
9th-generation Toreador, childe of Maiselle,
walker on the Road of Humanity
Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Penitent
Embrace: 1229

> 3a


ser

Embrace: 1151

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Background: Born in a small village in Bavaria,
Manfred seemed destined to follow in the footsteps of
his father and brothers as a farmer. The local noble-
man drafted him at the age of 16, however, and his
great strength made him a natural soldier. After the
conflict was over, Manfred, determined not to end up
as just another serf, stole the armor and weapons of
one of the professional soldiers he had fought with and
set out to become a mercenary. He traveled over most
of Western Europe, becoming quite a skilled warrior.
Then, one night in Portugal, Manfred was Embraced.
His sire was a fanatic Jewish Brujah who was simply
looking for another soldier in the battle against the
Muslims. Manfred was horrified at what had hap-
pened to him and quickly left Iberia. He contemplated
ending his unlife but did not have the willpower and
instead found himself hiring out his skills as a warrior
yet again. The world of the Cainites had little use for
a mercenary, however, and Manfred was close to
falling into total despair when he met Maiselle and
Jean-Marc. Manfred had just been laughed out of the
undead court of Rochester, and in Maiselle and Jean-
Marc's plans he saw an opportunity to get even with
the high-and-mighty Cainites, as well as something to
do with his unlife. He has come to genuinely like and
respect the other members of the coterie.

Apparent Age: Mid to late teens.

Background: Catherine is the daughter of Thomas
Maidstone, innkeeper of the Maidstone Inn. She grew
up in relative comfort and went from a pretty child toa
beautiful woman. Her father's tyrannical nature made
her naturally timid, shy and easy to order around, some-
thingthat, alongwith her beauty, attracted the attention
of Maiselle when she and Jean-Marc came to Strood.
Now Maiselle is teaching Catherine how to be manipu-
lative, as well as making sure that her young childe still
considers Maiselle her mistress.

Image: Although a bit shorter than average,
Catherine is nonetheless a good example of the beauty
ideal of the time and place, with wide hips, large
breasts and round cheeks. Her brown, curly hair is
shoulder-length and defies all attempts at combing.
She tends to wear simple, comfortable clothes and
smiles often.

Manfred Bauer, Mercenary Cainite
11th-generation Brujah, childe of Symeon Zorn,
walker on the Road of Humanity
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Barbarian


Image: Manfred is of average height, but his broad
shoulders and impressive barrel chest make him seem
larger. His hair is cut short, as is his beard. He often
dresses in leather armor and is never without a large
knife. If possible, he will also carry his axe and short
bow. He moves witha confidentstride, fully expecting
anyone he meets to stand aside.

CIF' s Hal

This house of great wealth, left over from the days
of Viking, lies on a tiny
north of a nondescript fishing village in Norway
where wizard and Commoner alike continue to prac-
tice the Old Ways and the Cross has yet to truly take
root. The hall itself is accessible only to the rune-wise.
who lack the gift of Odin's sight find them-
selves led astray upon the foggy waters, usually only to
emerge from the mists at the banks from which they
departed.

For those who do know the ancient ways of the
runes, however, the hall's splendors await. At first
glance, as the grayish shroud lifts and the rocky island
comes into view, Ulfs Hall is rather unremarkable.
Though at least two hundred years old, the hall
appears to be in good repair and of largish size, though
certainly not among the most splendid of fest-halls.
But one approach exists to the hall: the west bank of
the island, where the slope of the shore is gradual
enough to draga small boat up onto land. Ravens roost
thickly on the island and on the hall itself, though
their waste is nowhere to be seen, nor does there seem
to be any ready source of food for them.

Within Ulfs Hall is its most potent asset. A
fortune in plunder, still bright as the day Ulf Grimsson
brought it here, rests about the heavy ashen chair
where the proud warrior once sat. Powerful weapons,

mist-shrouded island just

forged by strong smiths and wielded by great fighters,
hang from the walls. Jeweled cups of gold sit upon the
table, and a drinking horn, torn from a dragon's skull,
dangles from Ulf' seat. It isa fortune the likes of which
few might ever set eyes upon. Behind the large chair,
the runes Fehu (possessions) and Eihwaz (protection)
are carved into the timbers, along with a lengthy
warning for any would-be thief, regarding a curse Ulf
placed upon the treasure that did not follow him onto
the funeral boat. It is free for the taking to one who
would put it to honest ends in service to the All-
Father but must not be spent frivolously, nor must it be
taken in greater sum than is needed for a single
endeavor. Out of respect for the ancient Valdarmathr,
many who have come since have likewise added of

lm = + CHAPTER FOUR
=
> SSHABOW DEM
Y <= ~ Nea AS OSL ea NX

UNFAMILIAR TERRITORY

Sent, the mage-familiar bond con
O& ( forms to the standard of one human and
one spirit, joined through a mystic union to share
certain capabilities with one another. Ketil's ravens
are an exception to the rule, as at least a significant
minority of the birds there are spirits and all of them
are favorably inclined toward the young man. These

spirit-ravens draw their abilities trom a common
source (think of them asa "flock" of Umbrood who

can split the powers of four points worth of Familiar
between them) and, when asked by Ketil, will
bestow their

ts upon any member of the Raven's
Wing, serving as a normal Familiar tor the mage in

their own wealth to the hoard, and those who would
know Ulfs bounty are expected to give as they may to
keep his treasury alive for the next generation as a
tribute to his generosity. It is this spirit of community,
married to Ulf sense of adventure and his powerful
pride, which holds the hall together even today and
fuels the cray here.

In the village itself, the rest of the resources of
Ulfs Hall are tucked away. The descendants of Ulf's
thralls make up a good portion of the village's inhab-
itants and at least a few in every generation come into
the service of the Valdaermen. The village, nameless
and lonely, is a fishing community, with a very few
‘aping out some meager farming or herding.
Its remote location ensures a small population, which,
in turn, means that the attentions of the Roman
Church turn elsewhere, for who cares what an isolated
gathering of fishermen think? As a result, the hamlet
has managed to remain true to the faith of the old gods
of the north: the All-Father, the Thunderer and their
ilk, especially Njord, lord of the seas and patron of
fishermen. This cultural holdout is where the cabal
known as the Raven's Wing has chosen to make its
stand. While the mages there have little in the way of
glorious battle plans to boast of, they do maintain
hope that subtlety will succeed in preserving the
traditional ways of life where blatancy has failed.

The Cabal

No one knows who first named the cabal that
watched over Ulfs Hall the Raven's Wing, but the
title was in place when Brand first came here and it has
remained since the day he assumed control of the cray.
All of the Valdaermen who have come to the hall
have felt strangely "called" there, as though only they

families scr


were fit to take up Ulfs mantle and restore the bold
explorer's home to its former grandeur.

Brand Grydsson is certainly the keeper of the hall
and is generally regarded as the leader of the cabal, as
well as being the most capable magus among them. He
is a towering and barrel-chested warrior whose intimi-
dating physical frame conceals a keen and incisive
mind. It is he, more than any of the other Valdaermen
of the hall, who wishes to use the resources of the cray
and its environs to retrace Ulf Grimsson's ancient
journeys, most especially the trek to Vinland. While
he would be overjoyed to discover plunder with which
to maintain the chantry's coffers, Brand wishes, more
than anything, to indulge his sense of adventure.

Gerti Eriksdottir is surely the wisest of the
Valdaermen of the Raven's Wing. She tempers Brand's
stubbornness with simple common sense (sometimes
disguising it in the form of "divinations" or "signs" if
he is being particularly bullheaded on an issue). Gerti
is acomely woman and is well loved by the people of
the tiny fishing village that has grown up on the
coastline near the hall. She is a particular favorite of
children and young mothers, whom she dotes upon,
and is also a friend to the local Commoner leaders.

Ketil Svensson isa reserved, quiet young man. His
black hair is a mark of foreign heritage, but Brand also
considers the young man's dark mane to be a sign of
the All-Father's favor, as it has the dull sheen of
raven's feathers. Ketil spends much of his time tend-
ing to the hall. He has taken on the unofficial position
of doling out Ulfs wealth to the other members of the
cabal, monitoring the hoard carefully to see that the
old warlord's commandment is upheld.

One day, Gunnar Nyalsson is likely to take con-
trol of Ulfs Hall from Brand, one way or another. A
strapping and powerful youth, he is probably going to
outstrip his mentor's physical might when he is full
grown in a year or two. Gunnar is popular with the
townsfolk (most especially the village's few young
women), and all feel relaxed and at ease when in his
presence. He is strong, but kind, and his open-hearted
demeanor largely transcends the air of abject loneli-
ness and isolation that surrounds so many of the
rune-wise.

The Chantry

Ulfs Hall is a simple affair. While some chantries
span grandiose palaces or expansive tracts of wood-
land, the fest-hall is a largish building, made of solid
oak, weatherworn but in no need of repair. A circle of
posts, engraved with the sacred letters, is tucked away
on the northwestern side of the island. The ravens are

ubiquitous and the whole island is perpetually mantled
in mist or fog, save for when rain or snow falls so
thickly as to render visibility almost nil.

Within, the structure has a careworn dignity. The
long ash table is notched from many knives and bears
a few hairline splits, burdened as it often was beneath
the great weight of legendary feasts. Chairs are plen-
tiful, but none can mistake Ulf's seat for anything
other than the throne of a powerful warrior. It is
massive and imposing, worn over the course of years to
the contours of his huge frame. A palpable aura seems
to rest upon that seat, as though daring any upstart to
claim it. Even Brand gives Ulfs chair a respectable
berth. Heaped about the head of the table are the
mounds of treasure that did not accompany Ulf on his
final adventure, the journey to Valhalla. All manner
of valuables, from coin to jewels, to weaponry and
much else besides, can be found here. A considerable
portion of it remains from the days of Ulfs reign here,
though no small measure has been added by those who
came after him. Some undefined amount seems to
come from neither source, anda few of the Valdaermen
who have called this chantry home have surmised that
the spells placed upon the hall somehow "call" lost
treasures and incorporate them into the hoard.

The walls are festooned with trophies of Ulfs
adventures and those added by subsequent cabals.
Though some are quite old, none look to be in poor
repair and the hangings seem neither busy nor sparse,
no matter how many generations pass. A great fire-
place takes up the better part of the northern wall,
easily heating the entirety of the building when the
flames are stoked. The kitchen and pantry, adjoining
the dining hall, are built largely of stone, rather than
wood, and are tucked inconspicuously out of sight.

Ulf's Hallin Dots

Ulf' Hall represents seven points of the Chantry
Background. Three go into the actual size of the
building, while two are spent on security (the magical
misdirection effect that leads outsider mages and
Commoners in general away from the island on which
the fest-hall is found) and two to integrate the Chantry
into the community (making the hall an accepted part
of life in the small finishing village). The Chantry
Background servesas the Anchor of the cabal's pooled
Backgrounds (with three points contributed by Brand
and two each by Gerti and Ketil). As lord of the hall,
Brand also contributes all five points of the Resources
that make up the Chantry's monies. Though some of
this treasure is acquired by trade, plunder or other
means, a small amount of it seems to come from

Z Phe ee: > =
= = "RIGHT OF PRINCES «i .

nowhere, replenished gradually by the ancient en-
chantments on the hall itself. The two points of Cray
invested in the Hall also come from Brand's Back-
grounds. Gerti donates her three points of Allies to
the cabal's pool (an old healer woman in the village
and her two strong sons, one of whom is ostensibly the
Christian priest for the area but is in reality an Odinist,
and the other of whom is regarded as a local leader)
and her two Servants (a young woman and her seven-
year-old illegitimate son, both of whom live at the hall
and perform simple menial chores). Ketil contributes
heavily to the Chantry, lending four dots of Familiar
(the ravens who nest on and around the hall), three
dots of Sanctum (an unassuming circle of rune-carven
posts on the far corner of the island) and two dots of
Library (the tales of Ulfs exploits, both mundane and
mystic). As the newcomer, Gunnar lends his two
points of Influence (his universal acceptance and
esteem among the locals) to the pool. This brings the
Raven's Wing to a total of Chantry 7, Resources 5,
Familiar 4, Allies and Sanctum 3, and Influence,
Library and Servants 2.

A Staging Point

Ulfs Hall is, to no small degree, a shrine to a
vanished way of life. With this village, so friendly to
the Valdaermen, the cabal has a base of operations
from which to do battle against the rising tide of
Christianity in an attempt to preserve the venerable
ways of the Norse, almost totally crushed beneath the
heavy weight of the Cross.

The hall is also a place consecrated to ancient
adventures and tales of valor. Ulf himself was a great
explorer and mighty warrior and wished for those who
came after him, those who would share in the bounty
he had borne back to the homeland, to emulate his
example and ensure that the days of Viking would
never die. The world has long since moved on, aban-
doning utterly the lifestyle the old warlord knew, but
the chantry he left behind still demands that his will
be worked. Even as the Raven's Wing fights to keep its
way of life from fading into extinction, Brand feels the
pull of the cray, demanding battles to shake the
heavens and journeys into distant lands, to return
with stories and plunder. This is, if anything, a far
harder purpose to fulfill than the nigh-impossibility of
reversing the tide that has all but eradicated the
Nordic faith. Still, as Brand would say, it is far better
to face the end in one's boots than in one's bed.

These twin objectives, keeping alive the beliefs of
the Old Ways while continuing to uphold the manner
of living endorsed by those ways, are a constant effort.

Brand intends to spend a few more years grooming the
youth of the village to spread the Nordic faith in just
the same manner practiced by the conquerors of the
Christian religion, but he is not a patient man. When
he has discharged his obligation of looking to the
future, he will set out to fight for the past, probably
turning the chantry over to Gerti or, if he is old
enough and has matured sufficiently, Gunnar.

Outside Tnterests

Few outsiders even know of the tiny hamlet that
serves as host to Ulf's Hall, and fewer still know of the
chantry itself. While the Church would be happy to
bring the village fully under the sway of Christianity,
it is not a priority. It doesn't worry overmuch about a
handful of families clustered together on the northern
banks of the world. They already have a priest assigned
to themand will receive another when this one moves
on to higher office or dies. Of course, the former
option isn't apt to happen, and the latter will be many
years in coming, unless misfortune strikes.

A few hardy woodsmen live in the area, but none
who has any interests, benevolent or malign, in what
goes on at the village, beyond the occasional trade of
pelts for fish. This is not an interesting place to
Commoners, and that is precisely the way the mages
here like it. Anonymity and remoteness serve to keep
missionaries and settlers at bay and shield against the
changing political climate of the age.

Allies

While the entirety of the small fishermen's ham-
letalong the coast, near the tiny island that hosts Ulfs
Hall, is allied with the mages there, their influence
and ability to aid the Valdaermen beyond the degree
to which they already do so are slight. They can
occasionally do favors for the cabal, though their
greatest contribution comes in the form of their con-
tinued adherence to the faith of the ancestors in the
face of Christian persecution.

In order for the cabal to branch out and spread the
doctrines of the old religion, it must be willing to take
risks. Norway is a Christian nation now, despite the
scattered small pagan enclaves that hold out against
the coming of the new faith. Unfortunately, none of
the magi of the cabal even know where to begin in the
quest to give the gods back to the people. Between
them, they know a handful of other Valdaermen, but
these rune-wise folk have their own problems. Their
best chances probably lie in seeking other isolated
communities and testing the waters, to see how fully
they have been integrated with the Christian beliefs

——— 23a


and practices. Ketil's idea, thus far the best of the whowouldsee the terrible day of Ragnarok held at bay

notions bandied about, involves
ous process of assimilation that the missionaries
employed when they first came to this land:
co-opting the ideas, concepts and per-
sonalities of the new religion and
casting them in the very dif-
ferent light of the faith of
the Aesir and the Vanir.
After all, this process of cul-
tural insinuation worked
very well forthe mission-
ary newcomers.
Despite this, how-
ever, it remains a
dangerous

proposition.
The soldiers of

the Church

are afoot, in
great numbers
and with consider-
able power at their beck
and call.

Other avenues of
acquiring power and
influence remain
open to the cabal. As
some members of this
generation of youths
grow into men, no few
may go into the world,
seeking fortune and op-
portunity. With the
tune-wisdom of the
Valdaermen and the tenets
of the ancient faith in their
hearts, they will find jobs
as merchants, craftsmen
and soldiers. They will take
familiesand raise them with
respect for the dying tradi-
tions of the Norse,
traditions already long
dead in many parts of
Scandinavia. Though it
isa frail stratagem, it is,
sadly, one of the final
recoursesavailable to
the cabal members

and all those like

isingthesameinsidi- for just a generation or two more.

Enemies

The cabal of the Raven's Wing has
almost nothing to fear in its isolated
locale. The mandate of Ulf Grimsson,
however, demands that the mages
strike out, across the lands and
waters, beyond the borders of
their quiet community, to
return the ancient ways toa
changing world. That said,

the first and most potent
foe the cabal is likely to
encounter in their struggles

is the Catholic Church. The
"abhorrent paganism" of the
Valdaermen is just the: sort of
thing the Church is working

day and night to stamp out.
we \ The few enclaves of tradi-

tional Odinists left in
Scandinavia are
subtle in their
worship,
fearing the
wrath of
the Cross
that has
borne
their gods tothe

ground and very nearly

sapped the life out of them.

Few threats to the ca-
bal could even begin to
hold a candle to the dan-

+ gers posed by the Church

while at home, but many
potential foes are abroad.
If Brand has his way (and
it is possible that the cray
won't survive another
generation ifhe doesn't),
there is no telling what
manner of enemies the

mages could culti-

on vate.

Yann. In a nebulous

position — not quite
anenemy, but certainly not

them, Valdaermen 3 friendly;— is a strange, wrathful
7. eee z=
y ~h a a —
"St rae mor ee * RIGHT OF PRINCI Se Ry his 2S

ee ie ree

spirit that wanders the land in the night, claiming
victims every so often. Ketil's knowledge of the records
of the chantry seems to indicate that the being is
somehow bound to a treasure Ulf brought back from
Vinland, but which was taken by a thieving magus
who died somewhere nearby when a freak blizzard rose
up to consume him. The spirit is known to the
Valdaermen to run across the night sky, especially in
the depths of winter, leaving footprints of flame. It
usually stays far from the village and seems to fear
civilization. The thing has only attacked a rare few
travelers caught out in the worst of winter storms.
Ketil seems to think that it is connected to a strange
affliction that grips the occasional small group stranded
inthe fierce Nordic winter; cannibalism. The chantry's
writings intimate that the spirit hungers constantly
and seeks to sate its appetites through the palates of
human hosts. While the creature is no great threat to
anyone who does her best to stay out of the driving
snows of winter (anyone but the foolish or the desper-
ate, for the most part), Brand's lust for battle may turn
it into a enemy with the onset of this winter or the
next. Of course, even if the cabal can find it, the
chantry's library offers no hints on how to placate it,
defeat it or banish it.

And theRest

The Raven's Wing is in the unenviable position
of wishing to keep a powerful secret. As Odin himself
might tell them, no secret lasts forever. Their cautious
efforts to restore the once-proud name of the All-
Father would be lauded by some and cursed by others,
were they widely known. Some few, however, do know
about them and are more than idly curious. Whether
that curiosity bears sweet fruit or bitter depends largely
upon the reactions of the members of the cabal and
the manner in which they present themselves when
those who watch them decide to finally reveal their
presence.

Halvard Firemane, an einherjar Gangrel, has
watched the Raven's Wing with an increasing amount
of interest. He and his companion (a grizzled old wolf
he has put under the blood) have recently been
pushed into more northerly lands due to troubles with
several of the newcomer vampires who are gradually
trickling into Scandinavia. Embittered by the weak
and simpering politicians who have used numbers,
rather than strength, to drive him and his kind out,
Halvard is looking for two things, allies and a fight,
and he doesn't know for certain which one he wants
more right now. Some nights, when they fly out in
search of food, Halvard speaks to the normal ravens

that roost on the island alongside their spirit-brothers.
On more than one occasion, the Cainite has possessed
one of the birds to watch the mages by day. As yet, he
isn't sure what to make of them. They seem to honor
the Old Ways but are cowering in a forgotten corner
of the north. Still, they are men of power, and Halvard
knows better than to try to understand them. In them,
he thinks, he may have found powerful friends. Failing
that, he is certain he can make of them very worthy
enemies. In either case, Halvard is sure that these
Valdaermen are the key to recovering a small shred of
his way of unlife, even if only for a little while.

In Oslo, far to the south, a Hermetic covenant has
recently discovered the existence (but not the loca-
tion) of a cray hidden somewhere right along the
north coast. While their efforts to pinpoint that cray
have thus far been fruitless, it will not be long before
they begin to make some headway in piercing the veils
of misdirection that protect and conceal Ulf's Hall.
The Order, after all, is quite persistent. When that
time comes, they will send several capable magi, as is
the Order's custom, to hunt down the cray, and, when
they do, they will come into contact with the Raven's
Wing. Normally, this would likely portend disaster for
the Valdaermen here, as the covenant to the south
simply has more and more powerful magi, but these
Hermetics are themselves sons and daughters of the
north and are a bit more sympathetic to the plight of
the Valdaermen than their more southerly brethren
might be. Many of them continue to practice the faith
of their forefathers, concealing their beliefs beneath a
veil of false devotion to the Church. When the day
finally comes that these Hermetics find them, de-
pending on how the cabal mages react, they could find
themselves with some very powerful allies or truly
terrible enemies.

Brand Gyrdsson

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Autocrat

Fellowship: Valdaermen

Background: Brand was born not fifty miles from
Ulf' Hall and heard the call of the runes when he was
but a boy. Others scorned him and mocked him for his
pursuit of the "women's work" of the runes, but he was
undaunted. He went into the wilderness as a young
man, determined to seek out the sacred letters of the
gods, and found them, in the full wrath of a blizzard,
during which he claims the All-Father himself spoke
to him and offered him the chance for life, if he had
but the will to accept it. Most of Brand's life since has
reflected that indomitable will, that drive to accom-


plish by own hands and on his own terms. If any can
truly be said to rule the cabal of Ulfs Hall, it is Brand
Gyrdsson. He is a fair man, if somewhat unbending,
and he is every bit the Nordic warrior-lord, his very
existence denying the world that has moved on and
challenging any and all to dare to draw him out of that
other age in which he dwells.

Image: Brand is a tall man, easily over six feet in
height. He is lean but muscular, with a well groomed
blond beard and a full head of long hair. His stare is
intense, and he often seems to be gazing at something
ordinary men cannot see. He dresses in the fashion of
a warrior of old, complete with a battleaxe and orna-
ments of gold. He moves with the practiced grace of
one who knows combat like a close friend. Brand is
never seen without one of the ravens from the isle of
Ulf' Hall and always wears his rune-stone about his
neck, cut with the mark of Uruz (strength).

Gerti Eriksdottir

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Caretaker

Fellowship: Valdaermen

Background: Gerti isthe daughterofa Valdarmathr,
her mother, who was in turn the daughter of another of
the rune-wise. She has grown up knowing of the Old
Ways and has dedicated her life to the magic of the gods.

Her eyes were opened gradually to her own mystic
prowess, rather than the sudden and traumatic experi-
ence that brought Brand to the All-Father's attention,
and this patience and quiet self-confidence is reflected in
her demeanor, as muchas Brand's bold and unhesitating
attitude shows through in his. She is, in many ways,
Brand's anchor to the realities of the world and the
restraint to his swift action. She followed a divination to
the hall, one in which the gods told her to hold back a
furious storm roiling out of the ancient days to spend its
fury impotently in denial of the world that has come to
pass. When she met Brand, Gerti knew exactly what the

Aesir were talking about. While she feels badly about the
occasional lies she tells Brand, Gerti knows that the will
of the gods comes above all else, even her friendship.

Image: Short but well muscled, Gerti wears her
pale blonde hair in two braids that trail well past her
waist. Her face is wholesome, if not ravishing, and she
exudes a palpable air of self-assurance, completely
devoid of any kind of arrogance. She dresses simply,
with only a subtle piece of jewelry here or there to
denote that she is something more than a common
farmer or fisherman's daughter. Gerti is almost never
armed with anything more substantial than a knife;
the power of the gods is weapon enough.

"aad — on ve
7 > Py. > No et ~ Oe =. > "

bt - ——" -R ~OF PRINCES - Fi ——
y. FE Ri HT-OF PRINCES _ ne


RKetil Svensson

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Loner

Fellowship: Valdaermen

Background: Ketil's father was obviously a half-
breed, the son of one of the many Northmen who went
south to take employ in Constantinople in the
Varangian Guard. He left the splendor of the Byzan-
tine courts as a young man to return to the land of his
ancestors. Sven took a goat herder's daughter to be his
wife, and his boy was born in the midst of a terribly
cold winter. Ketil, moreso than any of the Valdaermen
of Ulfs Hall, has embodied the emptiness of their
Fellowship all his life. He is silent and sullen, taking
comfort in the timeless treasures of the cray and in the
company of the hall's innumerable ravens. The for-
lorn spirits of the frozen north call out to him and,
sometimes, he is tempted to answer, despite the ter-
rible price he knows such a reply would carry. His life
an exercise in perpetual melancholy, Ketil under-
stands full well that Ragnarok is not coming; it is
already here.

Image: Ketil is tall but quite lean, almost gaunt.
His black hair falls in an unkempt tangle, the surest
sign of his mixed heritage. Like his father, Ketil is
certainly swarthier than is common in these lands,

though his haunted look makes him seem paler than
he is, a bit ephemeral perhaps. He pays little heed to
what he is wearing, though it is most often drab and
unadorned. Ketil wears the terrible destiny of the gods
like a mantle, and his sad, dark eyes have been known
to put fear into even stout-hearted men.

Gunnar Nyals son

Nature: Gallant
Demeanor: Jester
Fellowship: Valdaermen

Background: From birth, Gunnar seemed des-
tined for great things. The fourth son of a prosperous
merchant, he was born with a radiant face and a
chubby frame that family and friends just knew would
one day be tall, straight and strong. As he grew from
an infant into a boy, Gunnar was bright and athletic,
earning the envy of some and the admiration of many.
His life was one of contentment and plenty. When a
plague came to his town, all of that changed. Gunnar
was eleven when his family died, and, rather than seek
charity from friends or other relations, he packed up a
few meager belongings and set out into the world. At
the age of sixteen, he heard the call of the gods. There
was no cataclysmic revelation, no great trauma — just
a gentle voice in his ear and a feeling of purpose and
direction. The fortunate boy had been favored by luck
once more. Brand found Gunnar in the woods, not far
from the hall, five months ago. He recognized the

potential for greatness in the young manand has taken
him under his wing. One day soon, Gunnar knows,
fate will smile on him once more and Ulfs Hall shall
be his.

Image: Gunnar is old enough that the beginnings
of a beard are now poking through his ruddy cheeks,
but he has a year or two left to go before he stops
growing. He already towers over most men and will
certainly stand taller than Brand one day. He dresses
like a young warrior-prince, in the finest garb the hall
has to offer, supplementing it with jewelry and a fine
broadsword. Gunnar has an easygoing, friendly man-
ner and is easy to get to know and even easier to like.

The Protectorate of
Compostela

The Shrine of St. James the Apostle at Santiago de
Compostela is one of the most popular pilgrimage sites
in all of Christendom, trailing only behind Jerusalem
and Rome in terms of sheer importance. According to
legend, the shrine stands upon the site of the tomb of St.
James the Apostle, who was reputed to have preached
the gospel to the people of the region and whose body
returned there complete with a marble sarcophagus
following his martyrdom in Palestine. Its most com-
monly traversed pilgrim's road begins in France and
wends for 450 miles through some of the most mountain-
ous terrain to be had anywhere in western Europe.
Nonetheless, the road is traveled more or less year-round
by those individuals desirous of bathing themselves in
the sanctity of the shrine, as well as by merchants,
mountebanks and cutthroats of all varieties taking ad-
vantage of the predictable business to be had on the
Camino de Santiago. (For more detailed information on
Compostela and its place in the conflicts of the
Reconquista, consult Iberia by Night.)

Fortunately for the pilgrims, the route is defended
for varying lengths by no less than three separate
military orders: the Sword of St. James, based in
Pamplona; the Order of Santiago, based in Compostela
itself; and the Order of the Poor Knights of the Cross
of the Passion of Acre, based just outside of Compostela
proper. Of these, two of them, the Sword of St. James
and the Order of Santiago, provide protection of the
more mundane sort, guarding groups of pilgrims from
outright attack by brigands and bands of Moorish
raiders. The Poor Knights perform this service as well,
and adda little something extra to the bargain, as they
are dedicated to the destruction of the unnatural
enemies preying upon Christendom. They reserve

special loathing, and particularly extreme prejudice,
for those night-things that prey on the blood of
pilgrims traveling the road to holy Compostela.

The TInquisitorial Cells

The protectorate of Compostela is under the care
of two different orders of the shadow Inquisition, each
performing its own duties and theoretically working
together in order to cover any gaps where those efforts
do not naturally mesh. The first, and most strongly
established, of those cells is affiliated with the Poor
Knights of Acre, the overtly military arm of the
Inquisition.

The Poor Knights in Compostela are led by Knight-
Commander Baltasar Delgado, a man nearly as
hard-bitten as the order's cantankerous old Grand
Master, Gauthiere de Dampiere, who considers him a
personal friend. Within the order, this simple fact
grants him considerable status, which is bolstered by
an unimpeachable record of service to God and man
on battlefields too numerous to list. Knight-Com-
mander Delgado has no discernable sense of humor
and little tolerance for moral equivocating; to him,
there is no such thing as a gray area, no matter what a
situation might look like on the surface.

Sir Rafael de la Vega is the Knight-Commander's
most capable lieutenant, despite the fact that he's a
tad too dashing for his superior's taste. The youngest
son of an Iberian nobleman, Sir Rafael is possibly a bit
less genuinely pious than the average Poor Knight,
and, in some ways, this definitely shows. Pride and
honor won't let him perform any task he takes on to
less than perfection, though he also doesn't see any-
thing wrong with performing his duties with as much
personal flair as he can get away with. This has caused
acertain amount of personality conflict with his more
staid commander, but both are mature and realistic
enough to agree to disagree and move on.

Directly beneath him in the chain of command is
Sir Fantino di Milano, who leads the Poor Knights'
humanitarian mission in Compostela. Recruited from
the Knights Hospitaler, Sir Fantino is more physician
than soldier, a calm-spirited, insightful man who is
regularly accused of being too soft-hearted by Sir
Baltasar and simply soft-headed by Sir Rafael. He
bears these slings and arrows from his brothers with
remarkable good temper and concentrates the bulk of
his energies on administering the order's pilgrims'
hospice and orphans' asylum. Few members of the
Poor Knights appreciate precisely how capable Sir
Fantino is when it comes to excavating important
pieces of information from the countless "there-I-was-


on-the-road-to-Compostela" stories that come to his
attention every year, even when his efforts yield
spectacular results.

Beneath these stalwarts are a number of younger
knights who perform the bulk of the order's duties when
it comes to patrolling the pilgrims' road, as well as
providing additional hands in the hospice and the
asylum.

The second of the cells is a group of Oculi Dei, a
recently founded cell based in Compostela proper.
Originally a nonmilitary intelligence-gathering ex-
trusion of the Sword of St. James, the Eyes of God
have, over the years, become divorced from their
parent organization and the scope of their duties has
expanded accordingly. The Eyes now provide their
intelligence-gathering efforts to the whole of the
Inquisition, as well as courier service between its far-
flung cells and chapter houses. The group in
Compostela was founded for several reasons, not the
least of which was that the city represents a rich source
of information, one too important to leave solely in
the hands of the lamentably unsubtle Poor Knights.

The theoretical "leader" of the Compostelan Eyes
is Dona Ignacia Navarro de Souza. Young, wealthy,
and recently widowed, Dona Ignacia combines three
traits near and dear to the hearts of al! Eyes of God: a
healthy sense of caution (which has not yet ripened
into full-blown paranoia), a keen eye for even the
most mundane of details and a ruthless willingness to
use any tool that comes to hand. She strongly believes
that her husband somehow fell afoul of the "night-
fiends" she and her cell are supposed to spy upon; what
she will do once she confirms this supposition is
anyone's guess, though the heavy involvement of the
Poor Knights is virtually certain. Even so, she consid-
ers the protection of her cell as high a priority as the
eventual unearthing of the truth and does not risk its
or its efforts unnecessarily.

"Fortunato" is the name by which Dona Ignacia
knows the mysterious individual who is actually the
most senior Oculus in the city. He (or perhaps she)
contacts the Dona solely via correspondence placed
in the base of a small statue of the Virgin Mary located
in the Dona's own herb garden. Since all of the letters
are written in the same hand, the Dona assumes that
"Fortunato" is educated; the letters themselves deal
with the seamier side of the city's "pilgrim trade,"
leading the Dona to wonder how "Fortunato" acquired
that education and why (s)he chooses to dwell among
the city's dregs in search of truth and virtue.

Ramiro and Ganzalo Carrillo are two long-time
residents of Compostela and long-time Eyes as well,

operating within the more mundane strata of the city's
society. Ramiro owns a pilgrim's hostel that, in the off-
season, doubles as a tavern/brothel for the locals,
whose brains the affable old landlord is only too happy
to pick. Ganzalo, Ramiro's younger brother, moves in
slightly different circles, being a clerk in minor orders
attached to the Cathedral scriptorium. Through this
position, he has managed to monitor a great amount
of the civic and sacred correspondence that passes
through the hands of his fellow clerks. Since Ramiro
is only barely literate, Ganzalo scribes the brothers'
correspondence, which he circulates to the rest of the
cell via a certain vestibule in the Cathedral itself.

The commandery of the Poor Knights lies a short
distance outside of the city itself, along the Camino de
Santiago; it is often one of the last places pilgrims stop
before entering the city. It consists of a pilgrims'
hospice (divided into two sections, one of which is
specifically dedicated to the care of those who fall ill
on their journey, the other consisting of the standard
hostel amenities of bed, board anda place to rest one's
feet), the knights' dormitory, assembly hall, chapel,
stables, a small vegetable garden, and the enclosed
orphans' asylum. The Poor Knights rarely enter the
city except to purchase provisions at market and,
occasionally, toexchange information with their com-
panion Oculi Dei cell.

The Oculi Dei, as is the usual case, do not possess
a single "chapter house," but rather have several
contact points scattered throughout the city. Dona
Ignacia's town house is one of these — or, more
specifically, the hollow-based statue of the Virgin in
her herb garden is frequently used to exchange anony-
mous correspondence, asare several merchant stalls in
the market and a vestibule within the Shrine of St.
James itself. None of the members of the Oculi Dei cell
has, thus far, met another on a face-to-face basis.

The Protectorate

Santiago de Compostela is, for the Dark Medieval
era, the functional equivalent of a tourist trap. The
Shrine of St. James brings a literal horde of pilgrims to
the city each year, and the city has, perforce, devel-
oped something of a service-based economy as an
effect of dealing with them. Finding new and inge-
nious ways of separating gullible foreigners from their
money can practically be construed as the average
Compostelan's civic duty. Countless hostels crowd
practically against the walls of the holy shrine itself, as
do cookshops, merchant stalls, the odd whorehouse
and, of course, souvenir vendors. During the height of
the pilgrimage season (which normally begins in early


spring, peaking in late July with the Saint's feast-day
on the 25th and declining slowly through the rest of
the summer), nearly anyone can rake the filthy lucre
in hand over fist provided he has a length of floor that
a weary pilgrim could collapse on, the finger bones of
a saint crying out for a new home or anything resem-
bling (semi)fresh food. Overpricing is rampant, as are
the more direct sorts of thievery, though the civic
authorities do their best not to let either get com-
pletely out of hand, lest the pilgrims decide it actually
would be cheaper to travel to Rome.

During the times of the year when the city isn't
thronged with pilgrims, Compostela's resident popu-
lation declines and the city itself falls back into more
mundane modes of existence. Galicia, the region of
Leon in which Compostela is located, is cut off from
the arid central tableland of the Iberian peninsula by
the Cordillera Cantabrica mountain range, and its
climate is notably different from that of the meseta.
Compostela sits in the middle of one of the most
water-rich regions in all of Iberia, practically on top of
the confluence of the Sar and Sarela Rivers; the hills
outside the city are rolling, lush in greenery and free-
flowing streams. In general, the climate is temperate;
winters are mild, summers are warm rather than parch-
ing, and both tend to be rather wet, as rainfall is
common in nearly all seasons.

This fact has permitted Compostela to develop a
more varied economy in terms of what the land under
cultivation can produce both for immediate use and
for sale. The coastal fisheries with whom the city
maintains trade agreements provide Compostela with
regular supplies of octopus, lobster, oysters, cod, sea-
bream, conger eel, pilchards and lamprey, along with
copious other sorts of salt and freshwater fish. Domes-
ticated livestock includes cows, sheep, pigs and goats
(along with the different sorts of cheese they pro-
duce), and chickens, ducks and geese, as well as their
eggs. Oxen are bred as draught animals, horses and
mules as mounts and pack animals. The local forests
and hills are rich with wild game, particularly hares,
rabbits and partridges; deer and boar are less com-
monly found in the marketplace, though they are not
entirely unknown. Wax and honey, both from wild
and domesticated sources, are easily obtainable.

Vineyards and orchards are common in the region
surrounding Compostela, as are their produce of wine
and cider; in fact, cider is somewhat more commonly
drunk than wine. Barley and rye are the principal
grain crops, with wheat being somewhat less common
than in other parts of Christendom, and millet being
the rarest grain of all. The cultivation of flax provides

one of the local textile bases, allowing for the produc-
tion ofa particularly fine grade of bed-and-table linen;
locally produced woolen cloth is another common
textile. Ceramics are a fairly well established local
industry, as is mining for both salt and iron.

What this amounts to, in the final analysis, is that
Compostela is a nearly perfect milk-cow awaiting
exploitation by any number of enterprising individu-
als, both human and otherwise. This is why the Poor
Knights and Oculi Dei are, ultimately, so keenly
desirous of determining whose strings are attached to
which interests, and why.

The Protectorate in Dots

The protectorate of Santiago de Compostela rep-
resents seven dots worth of Chapter-House
expenditures and constitutes the Anchor Background
for the paired cells, with four points distributed for size
and three for security. The commandery of the Poor
Knights makes up the bulk of the protectorate's prop-
erty, consisting as it does of at least one fortified
building and several general-purpose outbuildings,
along with the pilgrims' hospice. Dona Ignacia's mod-
est townhouse and Ramiro Carrillo's hostel/tavern/
brothel add a bit more to the theoretically defensible/
multipurpose holdings of the two cells. Both cells add
to the security rating as well, due to the fortifications
of the commandery and the extreme caution and
security protocols enacted among the Oculi Dei, who
carry out the bulk of the protectorate's more sensitive
information-gathering business.

The Poor Knights, in terms of the rest of their
Background expenditures, are just that — poor. The
commandery that they occupy is the possession of
their order, as are every furnishing, book and bale of
supplies within it, up to and including their swords,
armor, horses and the clothes on their backs. The
order tends to the material needs of its members but
doesn't make much allowance for fripperies; every
silver penny, every bolt of cloth and every hand of
horseflesh is rigorously accounted for through the
borderline-diabolical agency of Sir Audric, the order's
Knight Treasurer, and God help the Poor Knight who
expends a single bit of it unnecessarily. As a conse-
quence, while the Poor Knights enjoy the single
largest land holding of the conjoined cells, they have
a combined Resources rating of 1, representative of
the miniscule cash inheritance that Sir Rafael re-
ceived upon the death ofhis father, which immediately
went into the cell's war-chest. Fortunately, Dona
Ignacia was somewhat better cared for by her family;
her dowry was not only real estate, but productive real

estate. In addition to making her townhouse the de
facto Chapter-House for the Compostelan Eyes, she
has additionally channeled her three points of Re-
sources (the financial proceeds of a modestly sized
vineyard that is also in her possession) into the finan-
cial support of the cells' efforts.

What the Poor Knights lack in money they more
than make up for in pure political and spiritual influ-
ence. Sir Baltasar, in addition to his personal Rank
(which of course is not part of the Background pool),
enjoys good relations with the regional commanders
of the various military orders, resulting in a contribu-
tion of three points of Influence. Sir Fantino likewise
boasts a deep connection to the pilgrims who travel to
Compostela (expressed as three points in Flock).

Fortunato's considerable Contacts (four points)
have informed both the Oculi Dei and the Poor
Knights about the movements and habits of the night-
hunting residents of Compostela. This web of
information across the city covers nearly every social
layer, particularly when combined with the equally
impressive Contacts (three points, consisting mostly
of fellow landlords and other scum of the city types)
and Allies (two points, mostly Ganzalo's fellow scribes,
who are in a slightly better position to notice signifi-
cant written information) the Carrillo siblings can
bring to bear.

In total, then, the two cells' pooled Backgrounds
total Chapter-House 7, Contacts 7, Resources 4, Flock
and Influence 3, and Allies 2.

Outside Tnterests

Compostela is a focal point of considerable
interest for both the living and the undead. The
Cainite Prince is relatively secure on his throne and
has been for quite some time, but the land around
the city is nonetheless convulsed in conflict, open
and otherwise. The success of the Reconquista has
seriously shaken the local Cainite power struc-
tures, opening up avenues of opportunity that
had, under Muslim and Assamite domination,
been either closed completely or severely re-
stricted. As a result, Reinaldo del Rubio, the

Cainite Prince, has found himself being wooed from
several quarters by Lasombra clanmates who would very
much like his support in disposing of their rivals; he is
currently engaged in the idle sport of playing them off
against each other and seeing what benefits he can
derive from whoever survives.

Allies

Both the Poor Knights and the Eyes of God enjoy
good relations in several different quarters of
Compostela's diverse population. In fact, in this area,
the Poor Knights enjoy a certain advantage over the
Eyes due to their established, relatively open position
in the local military hierarchy.

The Poor Knights enjoy excellent relationships
with both of the other military orders dedicated to the
protection of the pilgrim roads, particularly the Order
of Santiago, with whom they share the responsibility
of guarding the roads closest to the city itself. Indi-
vidual knights of both orders are friendly with one
another, and Sir Baltasar has remained cautiously
optimistic about these relationships, as long as no
sensitive information is bandied about in casual con-
versation. Recruitment from the Order of Santiago
has been debated more than once among the Poor
Knights in Compostela; it is an indisputable fact that
the Knights of Santiago have been in the
pilgrim-protection business long enough
to have witnessed some of the more bi-

zarre manifestations of the unnatural rot
the Poor Knights fight against. This,
along with their martial prowess, makes
individual Knights of Santiago prime
fiend-hunting material, though thus far
none has been approached with the
truth of the Poor
Knights' mission.
The Poor
Knights' re-
lationship
with
the

a . a
SN ne i eR

at + — —_ HAPTER FOUR + ———_ acraryvy =
ne \ y co OW DEMESNI tes a 5


Sword of St. James is likewise good, if somewhat more
problematic. The Sword of St. James is the martial
hand of the fantastically paranoid Rodrigue de Navarre,
who generally considers the Poor Knights a walking
disaster waiting to happen with their shining idealism
and utter lack of subtlety. Unfortunately for de Navarre,
both orders are in a position to interact on a regular
basis, and it behooves them to cooperate and commu-
nicate when they do so. As a consequence, relations
between the Sword of St. James and the Poor Knights
tend to bea trifle cooler than "friendly" and are usually
all pusiness. For their part, the Poor Knights know
who it is that the Sword of St. James serves and doesn't
look for it to be one jot more helpful than it has to be
in order to accomplish any particular set of goals.

It is the Eyes of God who enjoy the best relation-
ship with the Sword of St. James, to their considerable
chagrin and discomfort. The Sword of St. James is
nearly as open in its activities as the Poor Knights; the
Oculi Dei, the true children of Rodrigue de Navarre's
fear-twisted vision, are equally uncomfortable dealing
closely with both. The Eyes feed information to the
Sword of St. James in much the same way as they filter
it to the Poor Knights — through intermediaries.
These intermediaries actually form the bulk of the
Eyes' extensive web of allies-in-odd-places, the anony-
mous informants and message-carriers who are
employed in lieu of an itinerant Oculi courier.

Enemies

Whether or not they have realized it, both cells
have attracted a certain amount of attention from the
supernatural residents of Compostela, unfriendly and
otherwise.

During the height of the Reconquista, Compostela
became the center of a chivalric "warrior cult" de-
voted to St. James in his guise as Matamoros — the
Moorkiller. This cult persists and has attracted adher-
ents both living and undead; in fact, both the Poor
Knights of the Cross stationed in Compostela and at
least two factions of vampires consider St. James their
specific patron, an association that would no doubt
make all sides extremely uncomfortable were they to
learn of it. One vampire band, the Lions of Santiago,
has come close to discovering the ideology they share
with the Poor Knights, however. Not long ago, agroup
of these vampire knights traversing the road between
Compostela and Pamplona came upon a scene of
carnage: a small band of pilgrims had been attacked
and brutally slaughtered by assailants unknown. Lying
among them was an armed and armored knight, mor-
tally wounded in his hopeless efforts to defend them.

ath be

To their credit, the Lions attempted to save the
knight's life, though he perished before they could
finda physician or one of them could successfully force
the Embrace on him; it was when they searched
through his belongings to determine his identity that
they began to become curious.

The knight was carrying on his person a piece of
correspondence written in a code that none of their
band could break. Parts of the missive were so soaked
in his blood that the ink had run, obliterating the
writing and foiling their attempts to read it. Several of
the vampire knights recognized his relatively rare
arms, the broken cross of the Poor Knights, an order
they associated with both the defense of the pilgrim
roads and with Compostela. Left with no other re-
course, the vampires delivered the body to the nearest
church for a decent Christian burial, then went about
their way, several of them still harboring niggling
concerns about both the vicious assault and the un-
known knight.

It wasn't until some months later, when two
bands of Lions met and exchanged information, that
the minor concern became a full-blown worry. As it
happened, the blazon of the Poor Knights was well
known among the Lions of Santiago, since it had the
unsettling tendency to turn up wherever the Lions
had most recently been, and sometimes where they
were going as well. A suspicion began to form among
the Lions that the Poor Knights were more than they
appeared, given their apparent interest in the doings
of the Lions asa whole and taking into account rumors
concerning the extreme force they could bring to bear
onthe field of battle. At the moment, that is where the
situation lies: the Lions of Santiago have their suspi-
cions but no hard information to go on; they are
looking for the opportunity to approach and interro-
gate a Poor Knight, provided they can catch one alone
long enough to get their hands on him. At this point,
they are more curious than concerned, though that
would rapidly change should they learn of the Poor
Knights' mandate to destroy all unnatural creatures,
even those who stalk the night with the best of
intentions in their undead hearts.

A second, and much more immediately serious,
threat comes from Compostela's vampire Prince,
Reinaldo de Rubio. The Prince, not entirely surpris-
ingly, has become enamored of no less a person than
Dona Ignacia Navarro de Souza, the beautiful young
widow of an upstart nobleman unfortunately crushed
in the clash of two Lasombra destroying each others'
pawns. Or, rather, that is how the Prince views her.
The Dona has impressed him with her enormous

oe Oy ame —— y
PRINCES - sc (—————— nS
" /

personal dignity, her wit, her wisdom and the loyalty
she showed to her late husband, even unto the final
extremity. He was extremely pleased that she didn't
go down with him, or throw her life and her fortunes
away trying toavenge him, gracefully surrendering the
political field and withdrawing to Compostela. There
she has chosen to live in dignified mourning for her
lord, subsisting comfortably on the resources of the
dowry that reverted to her sole ownership upon his
death, engaging in those womanly pursuits that re-
dound to the credit of her soul.

Soon her mourning will end, and, when it does,
she will no doubt be besieged by suitors, all desirous of
having a woman of such sterling quality at their side.
Reinaldo intends to be the one to win her, however,
as he possesses at least two things that no other Iberian
nobleman can offer her — the promise of immortality
and the knowledge of who was truly responsible for the
ruination and murder of her first husband. He suspects
that Dona Ignacia will show her worth to the Clan of
Shadows in what she does with that information, and,
when she does, he plans to Embrace her as childe and
bride. Such a woman was not meant to crumble to dust
after a fleeting season of beauty and strength; she was
meant to rule the night at the side of a man worthy of
her.

In his heart, he's already begun composing the
sonnets with which he intends to woo her.

TheCells

The shadow Inquisition can call upon many skilled
and resourceful individuals in its quest to cure
Christendom of its unnatural blight, but only a select
few don the mantle of a true inquisitor.

Knight-Commander Valtasar Delgado

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Bravo

Order: Poor Knights of the Cross of the

Sir Baltasar, like many another Poor Knight in his
generation, earned his spurs during the vicious noc-
turnal conflicts that occurred beneath the open warfare
of the Albigensian Crusade. Tempered in the brutal-
ity of that crucible, his rough edges show through and
he rarely, if ever, bothers to disguise them for purposes
of diplomacy. Sir Baltasar suffers fools badly, and, in
his opinion, an unfortunate number of his brothers in
arms are fools; he prefers action and the immediate,
tangible results that may be derived thereof to nearly
any amount of pious navel-gazing and moral agoniz-
ing. It would not surprise him in the least to learn that
he is on the short list of contenders for the post of

sion of Acre

Nils ee PB hy eb
mm ——— —

Grand Master; when Gauthiere de Dampiere passes
on, he will genuinely mourn, but he is ambitious
enough to desire the opportunity to shape the Poor
Knights into a force that will cause Hell itself to
tremble. Still mentally and physically robust in his
late forties, he awaits the rewards that three decades of
faultless service will surely bring him with only slightly
crumbling patience.

Image: Sir Baltasar is an older man, weathered by
battles and long marches in the sun. Very few of his
subordinates have ever seen him dressed in anything
but his armor, and none has ever seen him smile.

SirRafacldela Vega

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Gallant

Order: Poor Knights of the Cross of the Passion of Acre

Sir Rafael found himself in the ranks of the Poor
Knights almost by default. The youngest of four chil-
dren (three sons, one daughter) ofan Iberian nobleman
of middling means, he had no illusions about his place
in life, knowing from the very start that the most he
could expect to inherit was a sword and doing his best
not to resent that fact. When his father elected to
enroll him with the Poor Knights of the Cross, he was
stunned; no one, including himself, had considered
him to be of the sort of temperament that lent itself to


Holy Orders of any type — which, of course, may have
been the point. His temperament still doesn't lend
itself very well to the religious life, despite his best
efforts to accustom himself to living under the rule of
the Knights; he is simply, by nature, too in love with
the world to successfully deny himself its pleasures for

long. This is not to say that he doesn't take his duties
seriously, for he does; would that he gave as much
consideration to his vows of chastity.

Image: Still young, Sir Rafael has a beautiful,
boyish face and dark, lustrous hair. While his vows and
his lifestyle don't permit much in the way of niceties,
he always manages to look clean and rested.

Dona Tgnacia Navarro de Sousa

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Pedagogue

Order: Oculi Dei

Dona Ignacia is a refugee of the political games
played by warring Lasombra houses; like St. James
himself, she has washed up on the hills of Compostela
with a holy mandate and the will to carry it through.
The Dona was raised in the iron-clad traditions of duty
and faith — duty first to her father, who doted on his
only daughter without spoiling her, and then to the
husband her father selected for her, a man who would
appreciate his daughter for the well honed mind and
steel-true spirit housed within her lovely flesh; and,

above all, faith in a just and merciful God. Dona
Ignacia's faith was shattered when, despite all her
prayers and her efforts, the husband she dearly loved
fell afoul of enemies whose machinations first ruined
and then killed him, leaving her widowed and without
even his child to be her consolation. Approached by
the personal representative of Rodrigue de Navarre
himself, Dona Ignacia was recruited by the father of
the Oculi Dei toactas his special agent in Compostela,
a task she has bent her considerable personal energies
and great well of grief and bitterness to performing. de
Navarre has implied to her that, should she dig deeply

enough, she will almost certainly discover the truth
behind her husband's wretched demise; as of this
moment, neither of them knows exactly how accurate
that supposition is.

Image: Dona Ignacia was married young and has
yet to see her thirtieth year, and is still quite beautiful.
She dresses in black and conducts herself like a woman
in mourning, always polite but never exuberant.

Fortunato
Nature: Unknown
Demeanor: Unknown
Order: Oculi Dei

Fortunato is an enigma, even to the other Eyes of
God in Compostela. Believed by many to be the oldest
spider in the web of the city's economy and politics, no


one has ever met him (or her) face to face. Fortunato
communicates exclusively through coded correspon-
dence that finds its way into the hands of the literate
Eyes and in the form of symbols and graffiti left where
the illiterate will certainly find them. He (or she) is
easily the most knowledgeable Eye in the city; even
Dona Ignacia is somewhat intimidated by the obvious
intelligence that informs all of his (or her) observa-
tions about the dark underbelly of Compostela, its
history, politics, and place in the rapidly changing
realm of Iberian society. Fortunato is exceedingly well
informed for a reason. Fortunato has been operating
clandestinely within the household of the Cainite
Prince of Compostela for nearly a decade, accumulat-
ing information, assessing strengths and weaknesses,
slowly but surely walking the labyrinth of power and
influence that may eventually crack open much more
than the house of Reinaldo de Rubio. It was at
Fortunato's request that Dona Ignacia was recruited
into the Oculi Dei when it became obvious that the
vampire Prince had designs on her; Fortunato plans to
use this fascination to delve more deeply into the
darkness than any Eye of God has ever gone before.

Sept of the Bright
Bromise

Located in Acre, in the Crusader States, the Sept
of the Bright Promise houses a rare urban caern
controlled by the Children of Gaia and the Warders.
It is, as befits its status as a rare joint venture between
tribes, a Caern of Wisdom, specifically Craftsman-
ship. The Garou of the sept are known for their just
and charitable natures (as might be expected for them
to dwell so close to the heart of the Weaver), and a
goodly number of them subscribe to the tenets of
Islam, even if such strictures no longer hold religious
meaning for them, resulting in perhaps more humble
and tempered natures than one usually expects from
Gaia's warriors.

Approximately forty thousand normal humans go
about their daily business in the city of Acre (known
to the Crusaders as Saint Jean d'Acre and Akko to the
natives), most populous city in the Crusader states,
blissfully unaware of the wolves in their midst. Most of
the humans in the quarter housing the caern are
merchants and craftsmen, lending an air of reason and
progress to this cosmopolitan locale. Indeed, the Ward-
ers carefully cultivate the skills of the most cunning
and ingenious of the crafters who live and work here,

hoping to aid them in realizing and, ultimately, ad-
vancing their true potential. Bonds of goodwill and
mutual respect keep the moon bridges between the
Bright Promise and a handful of caerns on the Medi-
terranean available for transit, a genuine rara avis in
this often insular and isolationist age. The caern itself
is in a large building just next to the open-air market,
a building that once served as a mercantile emporium.
The Warders and the Children of Gaia discovered the
site at almost the same time and, rather than fighting
for control of the sanctified land, decided to work
jointly to preserve and protect this place, fed by the
innovations of clever human minds and the far-seeing
attitudes of the Garou who first found it. The physical
structure is nondescript and continues to function,
ostensibly, as the headquarters for a trading house,
though few patrons are invited in nowadays. Instead,
generous grants of funding from the wealthy Aldo di
Venezia (see below) have resulted in a smaller and
more opulent structure (a few blocks away) in which
to entertain human guests.

Asmall number of Kinfolk, shared between the two
tribes who dominate the caern, live among the laborers
of this quarter. They find that the Garou intrude only
rarely in their lives and are thus content to give what
infrequentaid is asked of them. No feware already mated
tosome of the caern elders, and some are even currently
rearing the next generation of werewolves (alongside
their children by their true spouses, in the not-uncom-
mon case that a given Kinfolk is not wedded to the
werewolf in question). Ifany good for the Garou here can
be found in the horror of the ongoing Crusades, it is that
many orphans need to be taken in, and another child
who looks like neither supposed parent is none too rare,
quite a blessing in a place with such strict laws regarding
fidelity.

The Garou

While the sept is nominally under the leadership
of Mohammed ibn-Walid (otherwise known as Thir-
teen-Stars-Falling, Philodox of the Children of Gaia),
the ambitious young Garou of Aldo di Venezia's pack
are slowly, insidiously some might say, asserting con-
trol over the sept. Their clever schemes, considerable
wealth and silver tongues have carried them far in the
quest to become the true rulers of the sept, and within
a few years (less, if they become more overt in their
actions) they may well end up wresting control of the
caern from the traditional elements and turning it to
the purposes of the progressives.

Aldo ("Golden-Fangs-of-Dawn") is the son of a
prosperous Venetian merchantand isin line to inherit

J
"i
y
q


\

weer 7 7

+ 4

his father's considerable holdings and his trading
company when the old man dies (as is likely within
the next five years). The young Garou left the city of
his ancestors after difficulties surrounding his First
Change. He is the backbone of the pack's monetary
wealth and is also its most cunning thinker.

Isabeau du Laurent ("Unbreaking-Stone") came
to the Crusader States after her husband (a Kinfolk
knight named Louis) was given a small land grant to
manage here. As well as being pretty, quiet, unassum-
ing and proper, she is a fierce Ahroun of the Warders
and has a keen tactical mind too often lacking among
Gaia's warriors. This tiny slip of a woman is all the
threat of force the pack needs, and Aldo is grooming
her to take over as Caern Warder when he finally
seizes control of the Bright Promise.

Ishmael (who answers to no human surname but
is called "Steps-in-Shadow" among the Garou) is a
thief and a con artist. He never found acceptance
among the laid-back and proper elders of the Bright
Promise and skirted the edge of the sept's society for
several years before Aldo arrived. He knows almost
every cutpurse and cutthroat within the Hunting
Grounds and can arrange to fence goods or have them
stolen at a moment's notice, and is well acquainted
with many beggars, urchins and prostitutes.

Simon Ben-Levi ("Brother-to-Steel") is a crafter
anda builder. He is fascinated with the Weaver and its
many spirits, especially those that gather in cities,
around acts of human innovation and industry. While
he doesn't have much in the way of coin or connec-
tions, Simon is brilliant and Aldo values his counsel,
even if he finds the Theurge's manner a bit off-
putting. For his own part, Simon believes that the
elders of the Bright Promise are not doing enough to
promote science and innovation.

Rising-River is the pack's sole metis and serves as
the sept's historian. While his Galliard nature calls
out to him to sing of great and moving deeds, his
mangled throat barely allows him to rasp out an
incoherent gargle. He accepted Aldo's offer to join
the pack after years of being pushed aside and ignored
by his fellow Children of Gaia. This, of course, gave
Aldo access to all of the Bright Promise's written
records. Rising-River hopes to have a position of
importance when Aldo takes over, but he will settle
for simple acceptance.

The Hunting Grounds

The Hunting Grounds of the Bright Promise are
several city blocks in Acre (mostly marketplaces and
residential areas), along with a goodly amount of

space beyond the walls. While little actual hunting is
tobe had there, the space gives the oft-temperamental
Garou plenty of room to spread out and stay out of one
another's affairs, especially when the oppressive sum-
mer heat wears on the nerves of even the most
good-natured Ragabash or calm-hearted Philodox.
Most of the sept's Garou live as their human neigh-
bors, taking up homes in Acre. Even many of the lupus
have adapted to city life (as well as can be expected)
and have integrated themselves quite well here. With
Islam's tolerant stance on the infirm (despite the fact
that Crusaders currently hold the city, it is still largely
a Muslim community), the few metis here are able to
pass as cripples and enjoy a bit of respite from the
terrible persecution that their kind knows almost
anywhere else.

A few of the sept's Garou are not entirely content
with the current state of affairs, especially the younger
werewolves native to Acre and the surrounding envi-
rons. While many of these leave the area to seek their
fortunes elsewhere, a few have taken to interpreting
the meaning of "hunting grounds" in a very different
light. As a result, a small number of the young
werewolves of the sept live as thieves, claiming what
they may by wits and cunning and escaping into the
Umbra when the authorities chase after them. It has
become something of a game among the youth (a
game heartily disapproved of by the caern elders), and
it is only a matter of time before weighty consequences
come of this frivolity.

The Dilemma of the Bright Promise

The Sept of the Bright Promise has reached its
greatest potential capacity, in terms of Backgrounds,
under its current style of leadership. In order for the
Garou to expand the reach of the sept, they must be
willing to take more aggressive steps. Of course, the
conservative leadership has no wish to change the
equilibrium that has been established. Thirteen-Stars-
Falling, the Caern Elder, is the leader of the
traditionalists, and it is he who is trying hardest to
diffuse this new tide of ambition carried by the influx
of European Garou who have filtered in over the
course of the last several generations. The Bright
Promise has been blessed with peace, and perhaps that
has been its greatest weakness.

Many of the European Garou have grown curious
of the ways of their brethren in the Holy Land since
the days when the Crusades first began. Caerns in
Outremer are of especial interest, as Silver Fangs,
Shadow Lords and Fenrir seek to increase their tribal

holdings and powerful individuals within those tribes
look to their own prestige and power.

The Sept of the Bright Promise
in Dots

The Sept of the Bright Promise is a three-point
Hunting Ground (consisting largely of urban area,
with just a bit of untamed land beyond the walls), of
which Aldo contributes two points and Ishmael one.
For Aldo's pack, however, the Anchor Background is
Resources (four points from Aldo and two from
Isabeau). Aldo also contributes one point of his Con-
tacts (a lowly merchant from his father's trading
house) to the mix. Isabeau contributes a dot of Kin-
folk (her husband) and one point of Allies (a more
powerful landed noble friendly to Louis). Ishmael
invests three dots of Contacts (local cutpu and
other sundry lowlifes, as well as the occasional con-
ggar) and one point of
Allies (a rather cunning and successful bandit who
plies his trade on the roads nearby) in the Background
pool. Simon lends only one point of Allies to the pool

stable, whore or crippled be

(a wise and helpful Weaver spirit that has taken a
particular liking to the Theurge and is willing to assist
his packmates every now and again). Rising-Ri

offers his dot of Kinfolk (as others might be able to
make better use of them than a metis) and two points
of Mentor (asympathetic older Garou at the sept who
helped to raise Rising-River and who has come to
believe in the progressives' cause, but cannot be seen
she lose the

to offer too much aid or advice, le:

esteem of her peers). In total, the pack shares Re-
sources 6, Contacts 4, Allies and Hunting Ground 3
and Kinfolk and Mentor 2. All of this is e
points spent on the Totem Background, of course; the
ew Dawn pack follows Cockroach as its totem.

cluding the

HutsideTnterests

The sept engages in quite a bit of trade through
human and Kinfolk intermediaries. Aldo himself is
the only Garou at the Bright Promise with the
combination of even temper, skill and desire to
have truck with the merchant class directly, givin,
him a decided advantage when it comes to advanc-

ing the progressives' cause. The goods and services


that flow to and from the Holy Land go virtually
everywhere in the known world sooner or later,
granting a considerable amount of wealth and power
to one who can exert a degree of control over those
ventures. Aldo fully intends to get his hands in as
many mercantile houses as he safely may.

The European warrior class runs strong in Acre
and will for many years to come. Isabeau seeks to
ingratiate her Kinfolk husband into more prestigious
social circles, increasing her own influence in the
bargain. While Louis is not a cunning man, Isabeau
tutors him carefully in the delicate art of walking the
line between toadying and insubordination, hoping to
get him noticed by increasingly powerful lords and
rewarded for his initiative and fervor. In this fashion,
Isabeau hopes to be able to use Louis to bridge the gap
between her pack and the Crusader Garou if possible
and, ultimately, to cut them out of the picture (by
winning their lords, patrons and Kin away from them)
when the time is right.

Friends

The Garou of several septs around the Holy Land
and across the Mediterranean respect and esteem the
Sept of the Bright Promise as a whole. The same
cannot be as readily said of Aldo di Venezia and his
packmates. Still, the Sept of Green Grass in the
Tuscan countryside, a sept controlled exclusively by
the Warders and the first group of Garou to take Aldo
in after his First Change, watches the events unfold-
ing at the Bright Promise with considerable interest.
While it will not yet take an active hand in the
overthrow of such a venerable sept, it offers encour-
agement to Aldo and may be able to be persuaded into
lending more resources, if the sept members believed
it possible to extend the power and influence of their
own sept into the Holy Land. Aldo works carefully to
cultivate the image of a puppet ruler waiting to hap-
pen, though he fully intends to use the Sept of Green
Grass for whatever it will give and then cast it aside in
favor of closer allies when the time is right. For now,
however, the pack does its best to garner the favor of
the Tuscan sept, hoping that it will eventually make
its presence known in the inevitable confrontation.

If Aldo and his pack play their cards right, they
may be able to secure the aid of at least a few of the
other newcomer Garou. While powerful elders among
the Crusader-werewolves are not likely to offer their
aid and pledge their fealty to this upstart and his
motley band, Garou new to the ways of their people,
fresh out of their First Change, might be. Such young
werewolves, who know that they are not going to

receive much ofa voice until later in their lives, might
jump at the opportunity to support someone more
their own age, someone who has the drive and the
plan to make their voices heard. The area's metis
population, sparse though it may be, pines for a voice
(here as everywhere) and could very easily fall in line
behind someone who did not scorn them for a crime
they never committed. Aldo and his pack could be all
these things to these Garou, but it will take time, effort
and diplomacy.

Not all of the Garou native to the sept are
necessarily such ardent supporters of the tradi-
tional ways, despite the fact that most of them must
seem to be so, lest they be lumped in with Aldo and
his malcontents. A few high-ranking Garou at the
Bright Promise could even be publicly turned around
to the progressive way of thinking, provided that
this attitude seemed to have the upper hand and
looked to be capable of winning out over Thirteen-
Stars-Falling and his old guard. Just as the pack
sides with a young wolf who bests his alpha so, too,
will the werewolves of the Bright Promise lend
their support to these youths if they can gain and
exploit a solid foothold in their, thus far largely
covert, bid for dominance.

Enemies

Thirteen-Stars-Falling is, though not strictly an
"enemy," at least certainly the most powerful force at
the sept opposing Aldo's stunning rise. Both wise and
strong, the Philodox sees in Aldo and his lot the
downfall of the age of peace, prosperity and unity that
typifies the Bright Promise and sets it apart from the
brutal and warlike septs of Europe. He and his pack,
representing the most conservative elements at the
sept, constantly seek to dissuade the young Garou
from pursuing the progressive agenda and try to use
their clout to sabotage Aldo's path of ascension with-
out challenging him outright (as he's not yet done
anything to violate the Litany or give any direct cause
for offense). In attempting to be peaceful and reason-
able about resisting Aldo's way, the elders have
curtailed much of their own potential power. In time,
however, Thirteen-Stars-Falling suspects, with heavy
heart, that he will have to confront the upstarts
directly, in order to secure his dominance and put an
end to their ambitions.

With the recent influx of Crusaders, foreign Garou
from many quarters have come to stake their own
claims. For now, they are poorly entrenched and
disorganized, finding as much cause for enmity be-
tween themselves as with the native Garou, but it


grows increasingly likely that a powerful and capable
leader (odds favor the Shadow Lords at the moment)
will unite the European werewolves beneath his ban-
ner and begin an earnest war of conquest against the
largely pacifistic Garou of the Bright Promise. Should
any would-be warlord descend upon the sept to usurp
it by right of challenge, Aldo and his packmates will
probably have to throw in with the current caern
elders, if only to muscle out the competition (most of
whom are traditionalists, like Thirteen-Stars-Falling
and his ilk, and much less tolerant of dissenting
viewpoints than the current elders), so that the more
covert and dignified behind-the-scenes struggle that
currently engrosses the Bright Promise can resume
without outside interference.

The coming of the European conquerors also
has meant a growing faction of Wyrm-worshippers
and other servants of darkness. Most notably, many
of the most savage and murderous among the Cru-
saders have fallen prey to Bane infestation,
becoming twisted into the mockeries of men known
to the Garou of Western Europe as fomori. Most of
these tend toward more subtle manifestations of
power, favoring the Wyrm's more insidious aspects
over that of the dreaded Beast of War (curious
considering the oft-brutal natures of the men thus
afflicted). These creatures hold the attentions of
all of the city's Garou, native and foreign alike,
considering that their numbers are far too great
(and their taints too specifically obfuscated) to be
the result of any normal process of possession.
Some members of the sept suspect darker powers
still, and rightly so, as a small pack of Black Spiral
Dancers, concealed behind layers of landed knights
and powerful nobles and having come on the heels
of a more recent wave of "holy warriors," keep
themselves far from the theater of conflict and
work tirelessly to spread their master's foul corrup-
tion in this sacred land.

And theRest

Many Garou in Acre are simply apathetic toward the
struggle between native and Crusader, traditionalist and
progressive. They believe (and may well be correct) that the
peace of the Bright Promise has been irreparably shattered
and that any outcome will result in ongoing strife and
potential ruin. Some Kinfolk are similarly disenchanted,
knowing that they are one of the forms of coin in which the
success or failure of a tribe is measured. When all is said and
done, many Kin will remain beside their brethren, but some
are likely to side with whatever group emerges victorious in
the struggle over the Bright Promise.

Aldo di Denesia;

"Golden-Fangs-of-Dawn"

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank: Cliath

Background: Aldo was raised to believe that
money is the great equalizer, the thing that can make
a peasant as a lord or lay low a king. After brutally
killing a nun in Venice during his First Change, he
toiled to truly and completely suppress his human
emotions, in order to deny the terrible feelings of guilt
and remorse that plagued him, seeking a balm for his
shame in ambition and conquest. In Acre, he sees only
opportunity. He is young, but he already wields a
considerable amount of influence among the younger
native Warders, who see the wealth he enjoys and the
art, literature and science he has to offer. He has not
yet been put in his place by the caern elders, for he
hasn't actually done anything wrong, though it may
only be a matter of time. One gets only so far by
flaunting tradition before gold and popularity stop
being a shield.

Image: Aldo wears his light brown hair at chin-
length and his handsome face is clean-shaven. He
dresses in elegant finery befitting a lord, though his
heavier garb often hangs loosely off his somewhat
scrawny frame. He is never seen at sept business
without his slim-bladed klaive (where he got it is
anybody's guess). His graceful movements and the
deep scar above his right eye seem to indicate that he
knows how to use it. Aldo's Crinos form is tall but
slender, and gray, mottled with light and dark browns.
His Lupus form is long, sleek and quite narrow, with
short fur, and is thin enough to look a bit starved.

Tsabeaudu Laurent;

"Unbreaking-Gtone"

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank: Cliath

Background: Isabeau was raised to be a proper lady
in rural France by a meek minor lord, but an early First
Change and the subtle intimations of Rage beneath the
surface put her in charge of the household ata young age.
By descent, she is likely Silver Fang or Fenrir, but it was
the Warders who found her Kin-Fetch and took her in.
She bullied her father into making a match with an
unimportant young landless knight and had her Garou

—N Sy SO attr: =
2m - —~~ Ek ———EE — "—
\ we, __ SHADOW DEMES ee — a" eR


friends in France arrange for his humble estate in the
Holy Land. In Aldo, Isabeau discovered a soul as daring
and acquisitive as her own. She has taken a fancy to the
dashing young Warder and, though it violates the laws
of the Litany, intends to pursue him, largely in hopes of
snaring him ina web of blackmail and thereby becoming
the true ruler of the caern.

Image: With long, red-blonde hair that almost
refuses to be caged in elaborate styling or beneath any
kind of headdress or kerchief, Isabeau presents a striking
figure, despite her diminutive size. Her blue-green eyes
stare intently out of a pale, lightly freckled, heart-shaped
face just this side of stunning. Beneath her proper attire,
Isabeau is lithe, lean and athletic, with an almost boyish
frame. Her Crinos and Lupus forms are smallish but
powerfully built, and the same red-gold as her hair.

Sshmacl; "Steps-in-Shadow"

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Rank: Fostern

Background: Ishmael was born on the streets and is
likely to die there. His mother, a thief, was raped after
trying to swindle the wrong drunkard out of his purse.
His first cry came from a gutter in an alley and he has

lived most of his life in similar places. The one lesson he
learned growing up was that the only things one can
have in life are those that are wrested from others,
whether by force, the threat of force or guile. As he has
always lacked the means to back up the former two
methods, he has had to opt for the latter. Ishmael's First
Change came while he was being pursued for the theft of
a half-stale hunk of bread. He came to love being a
werewolf, not for the sacred mission it encompassed or
for the new worlds it opened to him, but instead for the
power it granted. While he was never cast out of the
Bright Promise, Ishmael's selfish attitudes endeared him
to no one, until Aldo came along. Seeing in the Vene-
tian akindred spirit, the young Ragabash sides with Aldo
in his bid for control.

Image: Ishmael's oft-haggard face is rimmed by an
unruly mop of stringy, curly black hair. A scruffy beard
fills his hollow cheeks out a bit and serves to conceal a
few of the scars on his face. His nose slants very slightly
to the right (from an old break) and his beady eyes look
simply criminal. His right hand is gone, having been
severed for robbery before his First Change, and Ishmael
has, of necessity, learned to make do quite well with his
left. While he dresses a little better nowadays, he cannot
escape the air of shabbiness and poverty that continues
to cling to him and mark him as street trash.


Simon Ven-Levi; "WBrother-to-Gteel"

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Warders of Men

Rank: Fostern

Background: Simon wz
smith in Antioch. While his
value to the Warder sept there, young Simon seemed
destined for other things. He wasan intelligent childand
quickly took to architecture and engineering. He had an
intuitive eye for building things. Given a bit of charcoal
and some time, he could sketch out wonderfully accurate
depictions of almost anything he could study. When his
First Change came (during a particularly vivid night-
mare), he was spirited away to the sept and quickly
learned the ways of the Theurge. Simon was particularly
adept at talking to the Weaver spirits in objects and
structures, and the ever-thickening strands of the Pat-
tern Web he could perceive fascinated him. A
"misunderstanding" with an older Garou encouraged
him to relocate to Acre. Years later, after Aldo came,
Simon sensed a hopeful anxiety among the Weaver
spirits, as though they discerned some great potential in
the young Philodox. Simon could not but offer his aid.

s born to a Kinfolk black-

ther's income was of great

Image: Skirting the cusp between heavyset and
corpulent, Simon is obviously both well fed and a bit
sedentary. He wearsa full beard, forelocksandayarmulke,
in the fashion of his ancestors, while in Homid form.
Simon has a soft look about him, as though he's never
really seen a day's work (which is not entirely true). He
often loses focus in conversations, looking past or around
those he is speaking to, and his tone takes ona distracted
note as he ponders Weaver-spirits, marvels at a piece of
architecture or considers an idea.

Rising-—River

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Children of Gaia

Rank: Fostern

Background: Rising-River was born at the Bright
Promise toa Warder mother and a Child of Gaia father.
His father left in shame, forsaken by his tribe for his sin,
while his mother killed herself just after his birth. He has
never known the comfort of a family or the love of a
parent. He has always accepted this lonely lot even as he

despises it, turning his hands and eyes to the service of
the sept, as Gaia did not see fit to give him a voice with
which to perform his duties as a Lover of the Ways. At
a young age, Rising-River took to the written word with
a great passion, perhaps to compensate for his twisted
tongue. He fastidiously recorded the events that tran-
spired at the caern, as well as writing down the ancient
stories of his tribe. It was Rising-River's obvious bitter-
ness and the patience and precision with which he has
carried on for years despite it, which drew Aldo to him.
While Rising-River has few resources to offer the pack,
he has a dangerously incisive mind when it comes to
matters of organization, and he never forgets anything.
Image: Rising-River's natural shape is quite un-
pleasant to behold. His neck is permanently skewed
slightly to the left. While he can correct this, it causes
him considerable pain after a while. The teeth on the
left side of his muzzle don't sit right and his jaw is
uneven. His long, matted coat of light gray fur serves
to hide the subtle twist in his spine, though he always
appears slightly hunched, as though trying to avoid
notice. Any vocal noise he makes is breathless and
ragged. In Homid form, his deformities remain the
same, though his face is not entirely unhandsome.
Despite this, he hides behind his tangle of black hair
and keeps from making eye contact. In Lupus form, he
appears much as in his Crinos shape and limps on his

» ie ee Be — = = ~
ad — .
ain 2 an "CH Ou! mers == sis
~ \ : ION DE f rae NX


Whether by inheritan > ivi yours to control and its
inhabitants yours to c é ight ri r.a.VE RC , or your word may be,
law in a city..The ft. @ dl ace your: antl the people look to you, for
guidance and leadersMp. In the Dark Medieval, land is power. ba will you do with
yours?

RULE The DARK MEDIEVAL ae

games, from‘a vampire's dark fief to a mage
hunting oa es Play will find roles r oping the
J fending them wheh a

RIGHT OF PRINCES eis,

+ Information, suitable for all four major characte —Bampi
werewolves — on building and keeping 4 demesne

ground" rules introduced in Dar k Ages Vai

+ Exe ns on the "pooled Backs

ation or plot hoc

NI}
WHITE Wo
§ 9"781588'46

GAME STUDIO
