# File: Road of the Beast.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

'

ey
SS'
4
e
4

-~

> aS — " oe i
eo ae

SOURCEBOOK FOR DARK AGES: VAMPIRE™

a : .
ee ; ae


By Michael Butler

Vampire created by Mark Rein: Hagen

Credits Special Playtest Thanks

Author: Michael Butler Bill "Might Need to Tone it Down" Bridges for
Storyteller game system designed by Mark being realistic about power levels.

Rein* Hagen John "Sneaky Bastard" Chambers for being the
Developer: Matthew McFarland favored of Loki.
Additional Development by: Philippe R. Boulle Michael "Give me One Good Reason to Risk My

Lait Consultations hte Kali Neck" Goodwin for looking out for number one.

Editor: Carl Bowen Ben "Filthy Pagans" Grivno for being thorough,
if not very decisive.
Darci"DoIneed level 4 to Raise the Dead?"'Strachan

for pointing out some things that needed fixing

Art Direction:Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney and
Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Mike Chaney, Steve Eidson,
Tom Gianni, Rik Martin, Steve Prescott,
Kieran Yanner

Scanned
Front Cover Art: John Bolton by'
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten
OTHA!
in 300 dpi

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
1554 LITTON DR served. Reproduction without the written permission of the

publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of

STONE MOUNTAIN, CA reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be |

reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampite,

30083 Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness

USA and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

PUBLISHING Publishing, Inc. A\lll rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoca

lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages
Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Europe, Road of the Beast, Bitter Crusade, Cainite
Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusalem by Night, Libellus Sanguinis I Masters of the State, Libellus
Sanguinis II Keepers of the Word, Libellus Sanguinis III Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis IV Thieves
in the Night, The Ashen Knight and Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference toany company or product in these pages isnotachallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content
Reader discretion is advi

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www. white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


CABLE.OF CONTENTS

Prelude: A Gather of Beasts

Chapter One: Throushythe Eyesofthe Beast
Chapter Two: The Endless Hunt

Chapter Three: Systemsand-Advice

Chapter Four: Savages



PRELUDE:
A GACHER
OR BEASTS

Rodrigo was moments from tearing the neonate's head off. The Beast threw
the image of doing so into his mind's eye, and the Brujah scholar had to admit
that it was not unpleasant.

"Where are they, thrice-damned fool?" he roared. "What have you done with
them!" Antoine sputtered incoherently, which only infuriated Rodrigo further
With an inarticulate cry of rage, he grabbed Antoine and threw him across the
room. Rodrigo relished the audible crack as the young Cainite's neck snapped.

"Do you realize what would happen if they fell into the wrong hands? The
damage that would be done?"

"You mean the damage that would be done to you," Antoine croaked. "You
shouldn't have written the damned things in the first place. My neck

"Js broken, yes. If you were mortal, you'd be dead." Rodrigo began to pace,
noting that Antoine was edging toward the door. "You say yout wagons were
raided. You say the manuscripts went missing. Who was behind the attack? Have
you managed to trace the bandits? Have you done anything?"

top stuttering!" Rodrigo roared again. He was rapidly losing control of
f. He could feel the Beast stirring, urging him forward.
Blood. Bite. Revenge. Now
Rodrigo paused. Were he mortal, he would have taken a deep breath:
Instead, he drummed his fingers against his sides and considered.

ane Ts SSeS Vaan
+PRELUDE+ :


"Antoine, I apologize for my outburst. I apologize
for laying hands on you. I understand that your re-
sources are limited and that you have done your best.
I can ask no more of you."

He heldouthishand. A little uncertainly, Antoine
took it. Rodrigo hauled him abruptly to his feet.

"Butit is clear youcan do no more for me, and your
failure may endanger me yet. Farewell."

He buried his fangs in Antoine's neck and
drank deep
Better.

‘Now. Cornelia. I believe you have some infor-
mation forme." The room was dark, asalways. Rodrigo
could have seen into the darkness easily, but that
would be a breach of etiquette.

"Why Rodrigo, you flatter me. After I heard of
poor Antoine's fate, I realized that something impor-
tant must be troubling you, so I made some inquiries.
His estates were raided, as you know, and his wagons
attacked. I believe | know who was behind this terrible
violence." The voice was lilting and pleasant. Rodrigo
would have imagined that Cornelia was beautiful, but
the scent from her clothes said otherwise.

"Don't play games. Name your price."

"Oh, Rodrigo, you are such a disappointment
sometimes. I wish nothing from you. Save perhaps
that you remember who your friends are, and that, if
you are ever in a position to return a favor owed, you
will do so with all the generosity of spirit your home-
land is renowned for."

"I know many who have not found the Iberian
nights to their liking, dear lady, but you are certainly
courteous enough to grace any of our fine courts. And
as for recompense, I repay my debts as surely as I repay
incompetence and betrayal."

"My dear Rodrigo, are you threatening me?"
Cornelia knew the answer very well, but Rodrigo gave
it anyway.

"Not at all. The information?"

"The Usurpers were behind the raid. They have
begun to extend their reach beyond their homelands.
I suggest that you aim your search in that direction.
You might look for a Tremere warrior who has been
sniffing around your Feral brethren in Lithuania."

"Tremere? Hmm. Never met one. I'm sure they
can't be worse than the rabble who surround us now."

"I'm sure they're not. But do be careful. Those
lands are dreadfully uncivilized. But I'm sure a big
strong Zealot like yourself has nothing to worry about,

does he?"

Rodrigo smirked but had nothing else to say

Rodrigo shoved the man-at-arms aside then
dropped his shoulder and charged the Lasombra. He
easily knocked her down, but as he reached for the
dagger he kept in his boot, he spotted tendrils of
shadow already reaching for him.

Herolled away tohis left, toward the fire. Cursing,
he reached in and grabbed the unburned end of a
faggot and flung it toward the shadow. The Lasombra
flinched. The moment's distraction was all Rodrigo
needed. He launched himself at the Magister, grab-
binghis sword from the belly of the man he had pinned
to the wall. Swinging wildly, the blade bit deep into
the other Cainite. Obviously unused to true combat,
the Lasombra shrieked in pain and rage.

"Yes, feel it! Let it out! The Beast may save you
yet!" Rodrigo yelled. The Lasombra screamed again
and lunged forward, a mad light in her eyes.

One pass from Rodrigo's sword brought the
Lasombra to her knees. Another removed her head.

"Orpethaps youkeptit caged too long," he mused,
almost regretfully.

Rodrigo surveyed the carnage. One of the men-at-
arms was still kicking feebly, trying to crawl to the
door. Rodrigo grabbed him by the belt and lifted him
easily, his powerful frame barely registering the weight.
Hesunk his teeth into the man's neck and drank deep.
Then he threw him to the ground.

"Damn this temper of mine," he muttered. "I
really must learn to control myself."

"Did you really need to kill them all?" came a voice

"Liolya. Good to see you. This young Magister
demanded to know my business in her domain. Then
she took offense when I told her my business was my
own." He looked about the rectory and gestured, asif
hoping one of the deceased would speak up to support
him. "Thad no wish for this. You know why I'm here!"

Liolya stepped into the room. She was stocky and
muscular, naked and covered in dirt.

"{ do. The one you seek has been traveling with
me for some time. His name is Gerard. I am teaching
him our road; I believe he will come to it. But he does
not have your letters and does not even know of them.
Why don't you join us? We're heading for a gathering.
North of Riga. You know it."

"Hmm. I haven't been to a gathering in this part
of the world. And I would be curious indeed to meet
aTremere interested in ourroad. Perhaps! will come."

"What about all this?" Liolya waved her arm,
indicating the carnage Rodrigo's fight had caused.

Rodrigo did not answer, but merely threw a lan-
tem against one of the bodies. By the time the building
was burning, he and Liolya were already on the road.


"Tam Qarakh."

"And I am Rodrigo."

"Why should I not kill you?"

Rodrigo looked the Mongol up and down. He was
swarthy, just as the stories said. His build was compact
and muscular, certainly shorter and lighter than his
own. But there wasa quality to him that even Rodrigo
found alien. Perhaps, he thought, it was the Mongol's
eyes. Flat and expressionless, they betrayed no emo-
tion, no desire.

"Because | am looking for something, and I think
youmay be able to help me. I met many Ferals at the
gathering, yet one caught my attention: a Tremere
named Gerard. He knew nothing of my quest, but now
Iam wondering if we cannot help each other."

Having been seated beside Rodrigo until now,
Liolya stood.

"| have been watching the Tremere. Here in
Lithuania, they do not conform to the ways of Ceoris.
Their pagan practices have raised the interest of
sponsors far away. The Usurpers have sent spies to
observe their Lithuanian cousins."

Rodrigo s
would not displease me, but the local

"Telyavs," said Qarakh.

The Telyavs are friendly to our cause and to our

‘owled. "A war among the Usurpers

ways. would spare them. They are goodallies, though
they may not think of themselves as such."
"What do you want of me?" Qarakh asked.
"Fornow, little," said Liolya. "We will investigate
further, but if the time comes to strike, we would have
youwith us."

Qurakh regarded the pair fora moment. They met
his gaze squarely.

"I make my home here. It is secret from most. I
wouldnothave it known toall. You will have my help."

+t { +

The chantry was well hidden. Nestled ina deep
valley, it was shielded by thick forests. A small
carriage lurched toward the inner gate. The night
was cold and windy, whipping a light drizzle into a
sideways slurry that seeped under doors and around
window-frames.

The carriage stopped at the gate. The Gar-
goyle perched atop the wall craned its neck slowly,
sniffing the air. It looked at the wagon then
stretched its wings

The men on the gate hurried out of the guard-
house to let the carriage out, splashing through the
thick mud, smelling of damp earth and horse shit. The
gates creaked outward on their hinges.

Suddenly, the Gargoyle stiffened. It let out a
piercing shriek and leapt down at the carriage.

«PRELUDE +

Two figures burst out, a man and a woman. They
sprinted for the now rapidly closing gate. The Gar-
goyle bounded off the roof of the carriage and leapt for
the man.

The woman, meanwhile, charged the guards. She
killed one with a single swipe of her taloned hand. He
gurgled and wheezed as bright blood shot from his
neck, spraying the wall behind him for an instant
before the rain washed it away.

To his credit, the second guard fought well and
did not panic. He swung his axe and followed through
with a swipe from his dagger. The woman, however,
did not even wince from the wound. She grabbed his
wrist and squeezed, shattering bones in her grip. His
dagger found its mark again, but the woman only
grinned. She slammed him back against the wall then
tore his throat out with her teeth.

She looked up. Through the rainy haze, she could
see figures hastening from the chantry.

"Rodrigo! Come on!" she yelled.

"Just a moment," he grunted. The Gargoyle
smashed into him and he felt his ribs crack. It wrapped
its arms around him and began to squeeze, then
snapped at him with its fangs.

Rodrigo scrambled backward, carrying the mon-
ster with him. He freed his arms and began to force its
maw away

With a wild shriek, the woman swung the
guardsman's axe. Itnearly severed the monster's head.
Ichor seeped from the wound, pooling in the mud.

"Many thanks," Rodrigo growled as he pulled
himself away from the corpse's grasp. "Now let's go,
Liolya. Liolya! I said let's go."

Liolya stood with her back to him, panting. He
could see her hands clenching and unclenching.

"We have to go now!"

Liolya looked back at him. Her face was contorted
into a snarl. Something passed behind her eyes, and
she shook her head. Then she turned and ran.

} 7 ft

"Tell me again why I thought this was good idea."

Liolya looked back over her shoulder at Rodrigo
as he pulled his boots out of a puddle of sucking mud.
The drizzle had not let up all night, nor had the
pursuit. For the moment, they seemed to have evaded
the Tremere.

"Because it was the only way to find out."

"That damn Tremere is going to cause usa lot
of trouble."

"He'll cause us a lot more if we don't go back and
get him out. Damn them!" She glared back in the
direction of the valley

"So why did you teach him?"

<i Oat
Pee = =)

=

St er


"Because we need allies. Otherwise our nights are
numbered. The cities grow, the princes extend their
grasp... If we could gain the Tremere's understand-
ing, we could destroy them all."

"Well, my dear, I don't think there's much chance
of that now." Rodrigo shook his head in disgust — he
hadn't expected such a reception from the Tremere:
"Are you serious? You think we need to get him out?"

"You might not have found whatever it was that you
were looking for, but I found Gerard. He was my pupil,
and they were torturing him to extract a confession."

Unsure of how to react to this news — concern?
anger? — Rodrigo merely nodded. "You sound very
fond of him."

"He knows too much. You met him at the gather-
ing. You mocked him for being a soldier, remember?"

"Hmm. I suppose you're right. We'll need to act
quickly. If these Tremere run true to form, they'll
hoard all their information until they're ready to use
ittodiscomfitarival chantry." Rodrigoangrily knocked
abranch out of his way. "Will these woods never end?"

"It's not much further. Wait... did you hear that?"
Liolya stiffened and leaned into the wind.

"Hear what?"

Without answering, Liolya leapt away. A cross-
bow bolt thudded into a sodden tree behind where she
had just stood.

Rodrigo whirled and drew his blade. It was Dama-
scene steel — deadly sharp and in need of no
enchantment.

"To hell with this running," he muttered. Then
he grinned. His Beast howled in delightas he let it out,
taking over all but the barest essentials of his mind
Lightning struck as Rodrigo bellowed his challenge to
three Cainites who stood silhouetted in the sudden
light. Rodrigo smiled at them. He saw Liolya dropping
silently out of a tree behind the closest.

Food. Sport. Blood

Rodrigo's grin widened, and he charged as the
lightning flashed again.

"You must help us," Liolya said. "The chantry is
well guarded but not impregnable. And they have
Gerard. He is one of us. He was at the gathering."

"What do I care of his fate?" Qarakh asked

"You were at the gathering, too. He might not
know who you are. He might not have seen you. But
he might have. And you are being sought. C
afford the risk?"

Qarakh settled back. He closed his eyes. Liolya
glanced nervously at Rodrigo and Grandfather. It was
Grandfather who broke the silence. His voice came like
wind through the trees, soft and yet impossible to ignore.

an you

"The times are moving against us. Your brothers
ride forth from the east. The princes press on our lands
from the west. Your allies, these Telyavelic Tremere,
fall if news of Gerard's confession travels
s of his chantry. Where then will your

may well
beyond the wal
protection be?"

"Yes, listen to Grandfather," Liolya added. A
touch too eagerly, Rodrigo thought. He decided toadd
his thoughts to the conversation.

"Qarakh, you are known to only a very few of us.
Weneed yourrightarm in thisstruggle. This chantry...
theyare collecting information. Prisoners. Documents.
About us. How to defeat us. Your fate is at stake too.
Will you not help? Together, we three can break in,
destroy their records, free Gerard and escape."

Qarakh kept his eyes closed. Then he spoke.

‘This I will not do. We will hunt. We will gather
again, and make war on the sorcerers' home. We will
destroy it and all within it. We will be feared. None
will dare stand against us, and the Usurpers will leave
our lands,

"How do we get in?" whispered Liolya.

"Well, | know you scoff at us Grey Hunters, but
knowing how to move and hunt in polite society has
its advantages. There is an ambassador from the
Baronies of Avalon in the chantry. Henry. Been
there for months. He's also a Feral. I left him a
message on our last visit. He's going to arrange a
distraction for the Gargoyles. Damn things." Rodrigo
tubbed his shoulder, which still bore a long scar from
the Gargoyle's bite.

Liolya flinched and dropped low to the ground as
a resounding boom echoed from the chantry. "There
it is... impressive," murmured Rodrigo. Squatting
under a tree, Qarakh laughed.

"Time to kill," he said. He then stood and broke
into a loping run toward the building.

The night was clear and the moon full. A fire had
broken out in a far corner of the chantry, but it was
clearly no natural fire. The flames had a greeni:
tinge, and explosions and tortured screams punctu-
ated the cries of panic. Then the first wave of Ferals
nearly a dozen in all, began scaling the walls and
entering the buildings.

Qarakh, Rodrigo, Liolya and Grandfather all
waited by the gate. A massive Feral, nearly eight feet
tall and built like a colossus, smashed his mailed fists
against the gates. Splinters flew in all directions; soon
he had punched a hole and was reaching for the
crossbar when blue sparks flew from the door. The
door itself was untouched, but the Feral flew back, h
arm disintegrating. Howling in pain, he leapt to his
feet and ran off into the woods.


Grandfather chuckled, then whistled. Momen-
tntly, a Feral appeared on the other side and lifted the
bar. Casually, they strode in.

"Good work, Lukas," Grandfather nodded ap-
provingly as he stepped through the maze of severed
Body parts.

Qarakh turned to the trio. "Now I hunt." He ran off

"Pm going to find Gerard, if he isn't ash by now,"
said Liolya,

‘Time enough, I think, for me to destroy their
records." replied Rodrigo. He drew his sword, then
they both ran to the main chantry house.

"Time enough for me tofeed," Grandfather chuck-
led. He slipped off his robe and ran with surprising
speed toward the barracks.

+ + +

Liolya burst into a small, stone room somewhere
teneath the chantry. Gerard was strapped to a rack.
The body of the guard left with him hung from the
wall, the long cloak peg protruding from his throat.
Sill alive, he twitched and kicked. Occasionally,
gurgling noises escaped his throat

She reached down and undid the straps. Her pupil
was wasted; the Tremere knew how to torture a
victim

"Here, drink some of this before we go," she said
asshe led Gerard to the guard, "but don't take too
long. We must hurry."

i t i

Rodrigo strode through the ruins of the chantry.
He found the library and the scribes' rooms, but they
were empty of Cainites. He was hunting for the
Cainite who had expressed a keen interest in matters
of philosophy and the spiritual side of Cainite exist-
ence. At last, he had found his prey

"Xavier. So nice to meet you again." Normally,
Xavier might have given Rodrigo a witty retort, but at
the moment, he was too terrified and pained to do so.
Rodrigo didn't continue with niceties. "Where are the
books?" Xavier spat blood at him. It didn't show on
Rodrigo's already gore-soaked garb. "Hmm. I'd think

you'd wish to help me reclaim what's mine, my friend.
Does it hurt when I do this?" He leaned on the beam
that had fallen from the dining hall's roofand impaled
the Cainite as he fled.

"Curse you. Animal! Beast! I have read your
words. You have betrayed your kind by writing them.
Wait until they find out what you have done!"

‘You do not understand. | want my manuscripts
back. Who do you think brought this about? Who
tipped your captain off about Gerard? Who urged the
Ferals to make this attack? Who has destroyed your
chantry? am hunting for something that is mine, and
1 will not be denied. Now speak. Where are they?
Hmm. This beam is coming loose."

He twisted the beam again. Xavier squeezed his
eyes shut as a bloody tear ran down his cheek. As calm
as Rodrigo's face appeared, his Beast was howling for
Xavier's blood. He almost didn't notice when the
warlock began whispering something, in a language
Rodrigo had never heard before.

"Damn you!" he shouted. His sword flashed and
Xavier's head rolled free. Rodrigo's shoulders slumped.

"J must learn to control that temper of mine." He
kicked absently at Xavier's rapidly decaying body and
stalked back to the library.

t t t

The Ferals stood at the gate of the chantry. It was
asmoking ruin. The attack had been a success. Taken
off guard, the Tremere had fought back, but the Ferals
had been too fast, too savage.

Liolya stood, Gerard squatted beside her. Rodrigo
trudged toward them.

"I see you found what you sought," he said sourly.
"Congratulations."

"J take it that you did not."

"No. But I will keep searching."

A movement made them both turn. Itwas Qarakh.
He looked pleased, content, like a cat licking blood
from its paws.

"A good night. Good hunting." He sniffed the air.
"But there is more to come."

ns eS A LT
. SN Fa ree NN
eine' SSS © PRELUDE + aa 4 eer



(HAPTER ONE:
ChROUGH Che

EYES OR
ChE BEAST

And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath
opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from
thy hand,

—Genesis 4:11

Eitrius, Lord of Ceoris,

This resolves the matter of Gerard and those troublesome
inguisitor-monks. T have included the correspondence of the
inguisitor Mikola and the confession of Gerard.

With the destruction of the inquisitor at the hands of the
Ferals and the capture of Gerard and his journal, 1 believe that
we have done more than gather much useful information and capture
a traitor. We have also learned that none survive who might know
of our activities or trace the various deaths and disappearances
back fo us. If only all our Cainite foes were as easy to deal with,
the Pyramid sould already have triumphed.

Bul we must quard againsi becoming overconfident.

Indeed, if is well that we were successiul, The monks learned
much about our nature from their captive, and if they had
survived, or if the inguisitor had not foolishly returned to

+ CHAPDER-ONE-


the monastery, then a considerable amount of
potentially damaging information would have made.
its way info the hands of the Church, We must
not discount the influence of the Lasombra in that
matter, either. In any case, we must be on our
guard and make certain that we have agents placed
in the Church. As for Gerard, we musi be careful
to watch our soldiers and captains more closely.
T suggest thal we prohibit expeditions of fewer than
three soldiers and that our couriers and owtriders
be regularly examined for treasonous thoughts.

Imre

Believein Strength

Most Holy Archbishop,

As you have commanded, I have set my agents to
investigating the degenerate cult that calls itself the
"Via Bestiae."

The demons who swear fealty to this cult are not
entirely the disorganized mob we initially suspected. The
truth, I fear, is far worse. In their arrogance, they have
not only rejected the mercy of our Savior and Lord. They
are, in fact, practitioners of foul rituals and holders of
pagan beliefs and heretical notions that make them a
threat to Christendom

We captured one such degenerate sniffing around
our cathedral. By the power of my Faith I was able to
drive him away from me. The monks showed surprising
courage in overpowering the creature, although I fear
Brother Remus will not walk again. We imprisoned it
below the cathedral, allowing it to feed on rats and other
vermin, as befits such a foul creature.

I purified myself and readied the rites of exorcism
and interrogated the monster. Itwasonceaman pethaps,
but when stripped of its putrid garments, its true nature
was revealed. Its feet were clawed, like those of a bear,
and its legs and back were covered in coarse, matted fur
Its ears were tufted like those of a wolf, and its teeth were
likewise sharp.

Nevertheless, after a long night of work, I was able
to drive the demon back so that the man within could
speak. I could scarce believe the blasphemies it told me,
but I gathered my courage and now I commit them to
paper. I trust you will know what to do with them. I have
included my record of the interrogation, along with
some observations of my own. I am certain that you will
find them to be of some use.

Ibegan by asking the creature what itwas. Ittold me
it was a child of the Beast, a messenger of C:
avatarofthe hunt. Itclaimed that it had once been aman
but that it had been killed and risen from the dead when
it drank the blood of its murderer
descent from the first murderer, C

ine, an

being who claimed

Steelingmyselfagainst more such blasphemous words,
Lasked it what it meant. It told me that the blood of Caine
now ran in his veins. It told me that when he killed Abel,
Caine had seized part of God's sacred power over life and
death. This, he explained, was why God had not killed
Caine, but only cursed him instead. Caine now held part
of God's power and God would not destroy him, as that
would be tantamount to destroying a part of Himself.
ine then wandered the Earth, propagating his
foul race by murdering and feeding his victims a draught
of his blood, which brought the victims back from the
dead. Cut off from our Lord's grace and mercy, only the
stolen power of Caine allows them to live. But theirs is
acursed existence. They cannot face the light of the sun,
and they greatly fear flame. All creatures of good sense
fear flames, but the next morning I put its fear of sunlight
to the test, exposing its left arm to the light. It began
burning and withering immediately

The monster claimed that it carried within itself a
Beast — surely a confession that he was possessed by a
demon. I was suddenly overcome by compassion for this
poor, unfortunate wretch and had him put on the rack
immediately. Filled with hope, I wanted to drive the
demon from him forthwith.

The demon continued to speak. I had two of the
monks working together to take down its words, so |
could concentrate on my interrogation. A third monk
Brother Vargo — assisted by keeping the irons hot and
the blades sharp. The demon claimed to have terrible
powers and threatened that the Beast that lay within
would loose itself upon us. Protected by
and the stout chains that held the poor soul fast, we
commenced the exorcism.

rist's mercy,

told him that he had become a servant of Satan
that he wasa tool of the devil, but that it was not too late
to repent. God's mercy is infinite, but so are His punish-
ments for those who displease Him.

He told me once again that he did not serve Satan
but simply followed the dictates and commands of the
Beast that lay within. He said it was the Beast that gave
him life and that he trusted his instincts to guide him in
all situations, even giving the Beast the release itso often
craved. I record his words below, although they are a
blight upon the teachings of Christ:

"You wish tounderstand us? You think we area cult?

"We know what we are. We have seen what lies on
the other side of the grave. Nothing. Oblivion awaits
nothing more. Mortals are but the playthings of blind
fate, fireflies that flicker and dim under the uncaringsun
But we understand what we truly are. The blood of our
kind awakens the Beast. The Beast is life. It is what drives
us. It is what makes us strong

"To awaken your Beast, you must put all else to
death. Reason and learning have their uses, but as the


last breath escapes your body, so knowledge fades and
reason dies, and the Beast is at last able to slip its bonds.
Unfettered by the petty restraints of ‘civilization' and
leaming, it rages freely, and it rages against its death.

"The blood of another Child of Caine is enough to
show it the way. It needs some draught, some elixir with
which to stir its dead flesh. The blood of the Beast is
sufficient. It gives the Beast power enough to continue.
Butthe Beast is hungry, so we must keep drinking blood.
Itisonly blood that has saved ws.

ch kill we make is an offering to the Beast. That
iswhy we do not content ourselves with a mere sip when
wehunt. We are hunters, so we kill our prey in homage
tothe Beast. Fwe have a God, its the Beast. It is instinct,
passion, the urge to exist."

I would hear no more. It was clear that this demon
would not repent. We built a fire and burned it

Now I must relate another strange event. I left the
monastery to meditate and draw up these notes, but when
Ireturned, I found all the brothers dead. The buildings
have been ransacked and the chapel defiled. Is Satan's
power so great? If he wishes revenge for the destruction of
hisservant, he will find that I have a greater power as my
ally. Still, I will leave these lands forthwith. When I return
toRiga, | will entrust these documents to a courier so that
they may make their way to you with all due speed.

Yours in God,

Nikola

Dy Lord,

The inguisitor's account ends ai this point. Gerard
had it among his possessions. As to the churchman's
fate, T will fet Gerard tell it in his own time.

Ture

From the final confession of Gerard, soldier of
House

Most Exalted Tremere, my Lord and Master,

‘remere

Jam Gerard, and it is my privilege to be one of your
humble servants. This is my final testament and confession.

Ihave abandoned my duties. I have been found
consorting with the enemies of our house and clan. |
have been accused of harboring ideas and beliefs con-
trary to the interests of the Pyramid, and for that, | will
shortly face the sun.

Know that I have served you loyally for over three-
score years, as mortal, ghoul and childe of my elders.
Know that betrayal was never my intent. My weakness
Jed me into error. It was always my intention to return to
the clan with new knowledge, new ways of controlling
the Beast, new ways to advance our plans and new allies
still believe that an alliance between the Ferals and the
Tremere is possible. I believe that such an alliance would
tip the balance of the war we fight against the Fiends
in our favor.

decisivel

My captors have ordered me to write an accountof my
betrayal in the hope that, by revealing what | havi
learned, the clan may somehow benefit and my reputation
be redeemed. | hold out no such grand hopes. Neverthe-
less, as knowledge is power, I hope to contribute to the
power of the Pyramid even after my final damnation by
leaving behind this knowledge. My journal tells most of
my story. My confession documents tell the rest.

Gerard

Brutes and Vagabonds

From the journal of Gerard:

[must begin my diary with an account of my current
mind. | am Gerard of Clan Tremere, a Childe of Caine
five times removed from Tremere. My sire is Lucinda

Lam nota sorcerer, Iam a soldier. A second son, not
favored by my family, not interested in the Church or in
fighting the enemies of the Cross, I joined the Company
of the White Stag and became its leader in time.

We accepted a contract to guard a house of scholars
in the westem foothills of the Carpathians. Our employ-
ers were strange, but the pay was good. I excelled in my
duties and in time was introduced to the clan, first by the
blood oath and then, once I had proven my worth, as a
member of Lucinda's brood

I have undertaken the writing of this journal to
sharpen my mind and clarify my thoughts. I am not a
stupid man, but it is plain that advancement up the
Pyramid isa matter of cunning and influence. Itismy hope
that this journal will help me develop my mind and order
my thoughts. I have learned that it can be advantageous
tocloak one'sambition so as not toalert potential enemies
toone's intentions. So for now, | will write and study what
texts I can. Perhaps I will ask one of our magi to take me
onas an apprentice. Until then, I will perform my duties,
guarding our chantry and capturing other Cainites for
interrogation and the Gargoyle pens of Ceoris.

Disovery

It is now seven nights since I last wrote. Tonight, I
believe I have learned much that is of interest to our
masters. I have taken to making solitary expeditions to
patrol the wilds around the chantry. There, I can test my
prowess asa hunter, and I need not guard my every word
and deed. I chanced upon a Cainite of greatly disheveled
appearance. She was reciting a long poem. I could not
understand her words at first, but after positioning myself
carefully downwind and concealing myself, | realized
that she was chanting in Latin. I could not fathom at
first, how so coarse a being, and a woman, too, learned
the language of scholars. Her appearance led me to
believe that she was one of the Animals. I decided to
listen a while, to evaluate her usefulness to Virstania's
Gargoyle pens.


A

SSS a

Her chant was, I realized, a history of the Via Bestiae
— the Road of the Beast! I cannot remember all her
words, but I will try to commit as much of what I can
remember to parchment.

The Curse of Caine

We Tremere have a great advantage over most
other Cainites. We are not weighed down with centu-
ries of tradition and superstition about our condition.
We are free to experiment with new techniques, new
skills, new ways to structure our existence. We know
what we are, and we seek to make the best of it. But
there is much lore we do not know that other clans and
Cainites understand as part of their heritage. We need
to discover more of the legends of our kind, for there is
often truth in them. We do not, however, know many
of the legends about Caine and how he came to be, and
sometimes this is a disadvantage.

Weall know the story of Caine and Abel. Caine was
afarmer, Abel aherdsman. Both made asacrifice to God,
who preferred Abel's offering. Caine was enraged and
killed his brother. For that, he was cursed. "A fugitive
and a vagabond shalt thou be," God told him:

The Cainites who follow the Road of the Beast
believe that Caine's rage and jealousy at Abel was the
first manifestation of the Beast. Overcome by its power,
Caine used the jawbone of an ass — one of Abel's own
flock — to kill him.

The mark that God put on Caine was the mark of the
Beast. The thirst for blood is only its most obvious
manifestation. That is why, whenever our passions are
aroused, the Beast comes to the surface. That is why we
must keep control of our urges and desires

Caine wandered the land of Nod for many years.
The Gangrel's song told of how he struggled with his
Beastand would notallow himself the company of others
until he had mastered it. Once he had done this, he met
Lilith, who took him in and gave him shelter.

Lilith taught Caine much, including the powers of
the blood and how to control them. Three angels
visited Caine, each offering God's forgiveness. Each
time he stood before them, Caine's Beast rose up in
anger. It did not want to be caged again. Neither did
Caine want it caged, for he had learned to master it as
well. With the strength of the Beast at his command,
Caine told the angels to return to Heaven. He wanted
naught from God.

Then Caine resumed his wanderings, which ended
only when he found the First City. The history of these
times is well-known. The flood destroyed the First City,
and the grandchilder of Caine slew their sires. The
Gangrel's verse told a story I have never heard before. In
ita wise woman named Ennoia became a lover of Caine,
and from their "union" was born Clan Gangrel.

Ennoia

Caine was saddened by the fate of the First City.
Still, he decided that all was perhaps not lost. Ennoia
joined him in the Second City, but she soon left. Caine
recognized that civilization was a great boon to his
childer, as it simplified the hunt and kept the human
herd together. It also made it possible for a Cainite
civilization, of sorts, to flourish.

But Ennoia realized that civilization could also be a
trap. She looked about and saw her siblings sinking into
decadence. They did not always hunt for themselves
Indeed, some took pride in having power enough over
others that they did not need to hunt atall. The luxuries
of civilization caused them to forget about the Beast and
the power it granted. They sought other ways to contain
it, to distract themselves from its desires.

These distractions did not work. The Beast can be
ignored or caged for a time, but never contained. Ennoia
watched as her family began plotting and scheming over
trifles instead of mastering themselves and harnessing the
Beast to their will. Eventually theirschemescame undone
as the Beast clawed its way free. In disgust, she turned her
back on civilization and set out for the wilderness.

Like Caine before her, she set out to master her Beast.
She grappled with it for 40 years, living like a wild animal
‘When she emerged, she gathered as many of her clan as
she could find and told them of her odyssey and shared her
wisdom. To her delight, she found that many of her get
shared her thoughts and hungered for her lessons.

She taught them that to survive was their greatest
challenge. She taught them that the key to survival was to
master the Beast. She taught them that the only way to
achieve this mastery was to spend time in the wildemess
seeing the hunt through the Beast's eyes without distraction.

TheMWad Leads Far

I was fascinated, both by the woman and by her
story. Carefully, I watched her and resolved to return the
next night. She had given me much to think on. A way
to understand the Beast? To make it a servant, not a
howling monster to be struggled against? This was surely
knowledge worth pursuing. I was eager to learn more,
both for myself and for the benefit of my clan

The next night, she had moved on. It took me
several hours to find her, and I missed my hounds. She
seemed to be suspicious. I wondered if she had heard me
or somehow knew if she was being watched. Nonethe-
less, she sat and continued her tale

After Ennoia spread the word of her way to her
childer, they spread out across the world and taught it to
those they thought worthy. Most of her clan, and some
members of other clans (chiefly Nosferatu, Malkavian
and Brujah), adopted the road. The rise of cities has

<=

+ROAD-OF THE BEAST

always caused debate among the road's elders and phi-
losophers. It was not until Augustus, a Roman nobleman
given Caine's kiss just before the fall of his beloved
empire, that any followers of this savage religion would
approach civilization after the fall of the First City.

Augustus reminded his fellows that if one wished to
control the Beast, one must first master italone,and then
test one's control in the company of others. Many
disdained cities after the calamities that had befallen our
race therein, but Augustus showed that they could be fit
habitations for our kind. Where better, after all, to hunt
than where prey gathers?

erals

Augustus taught that the perils and distractions of
unlife in the city (politics, decadence and reliance on
servants) need not be impediments to following the
road, as long as one could rise above them. He did not
claim it wasn easy task, however, and he still advocated
spending time alone in the wilderness as a way of cleans-
ing the soul, removing any taint or softness that may
have crept in. The hunt, he claimed, was the greatest
sacrament and should always be sought.

The Mad Spreads

Ie seems that the Road of the Beast has had little
influence from scholars and philosophers. This is due in
partto the preponderance of warriorsand wanderers who
"uphold it, and in part to the emphasis of the road itself.
Itseems likely that instinct and controlling the Beast are

more important guides to behavior than reason or deep
reflections on the nature of our condition.

Rather, the Via Bestiae has been influenced by the
more prominent practitioners. Augustus is one, and the
Gangrel woman (1 must learn her name!) mentioned
another in her verse: Rashid

Rashid is an Infidel, a follower of the Tariq el-
Bedouin ot Road of the Nomad. This is the Saracen's
equivalent of the Via Bestiae, and it seems Rashid was a
member of the army of Arabs and Berbers who invaded
Iberia some 500 years ago.

Rashid traveled widely throughout Iberia, meeting
with many of the Visigoth Gangrel who inhabited the
peninsula. As well as bringing much knowledge of phi-
losophy and sorcery, the Arabs brought their own
understanding of our condition, Rashid brought the
Path of the Nomad.

The Path of the Nomad places less emphasis on
mastering the Beast and more emphasis on rejecting the
decadence of civilization. A number of Northmen raid-
ing into the peninsula took Rashid's ideas home with
them, and it is believed that these ideas were fundamen-
tal in forming an offshoot of the Via Bestiae called the
Path of the Barbarian. This path claims that civilization
isadanger to all Children of Caine and a dangerous trap
for the Beast. Destruction of such trappings is therefore

their goal. The Northmen do not remember Rashid, but
the Beasts of Iberia remember him fondly. It is said that
he still exists in the deserts beyond Damascus.

Facing the Savage Truth

From the final confession of Gerard:

My excitement grew. Pethaps I could now lear to
control the Beast, tohamessitspowerfor the glory ofourclan.

Ireturned to the Gangrel's lair, but she was there no
longer. I hunted for her frantically. I sent riders to our
nearest chantries to discover if she had been captured. I
told my own chantry I was tracking a potentially valu-
able Cainite. It was autumn and no raids were expected
on our holdings, so my absences were allowed.

I tracked the Gangtel for two weeks before finally
catching up with her far to the west. I approached her
one night, masquerading as a fellow outcast from "civi-
lized" Cainite society,

She regarded me warily at first, but as our conversa-
tion progressed, she seemed to be willing to trust me. We
arranged to meet again the following night.

That next night, we hunted together. I could barely
keep up with herasshe ran. | marveled at her control, her
skill, her focused savagery. In truth, | am a warrior of
considerable prowess, but in the wilds, the Gangrel could
not be matched.

Once we had stalked and killed a shepherd on his way
to market, we spoke again. | complemented her on her
control and hinted that ] envied her mastery of the Beast.
Bluntly, she asked me which road I followed. I feigned
(with little difficulty) ignorance and told her that I simply
ted as best I could. She told me that she followed the
Via Bestiae and that all other roads were foolish lies to
distract the weak from facing the truth about their nature.

She told me that the Road of the Beast was trying but
that she would be willing to guide me along its first steps if I
desired. The road would be hard and long, she wamed, and
theperils would be many. Ididnothesitate toaccepther offer
I believe she saw in me the strength and potential to make a
fine Feral indeed. | flatter myself that she was correct.

And at last, I learned her name. It is Liolya.

From the journal of Gerard:

Liolya has taught me much about the Beast. She
claims that, unlike the followers of other roads, the Ferals
(for that is what they call themselves) are the only
Cainites bold enough to face what they truly are.

Most of the members of Clan Tremere, for example,
regard the Beast as a curse, an unruly element of the soul
that must be carefully kept in its place and never un-
leashed deliberately. The loss of control could destroy
years, decades, even centuries of careful research, con-
spiracy or persuasion.


Others fear the Beast. They try to hide from it,
proclaiming themselves to be either blessed or cursed by
God. (In the end, it matters little.) They then act
according to a set of rules they have created, perhaps
based on religion or some other obsession:

Yet others proclaim themselves to be still human,
despite the obvious evidence to the contrary. Liolya
reserved her deepest contempt for these deluded souls.
They cling desperately to the weakest part of their
nature, denying themselves the strength and certainty of
the strongest.

As Liolya says, our existences have been reduced to
the barest essentials. Caine awakened the Beast; God's
curse ensured that it could never be caged. These are the
simple facts of our existence. Facing them is neither an
act of courage nor an act of surrender. It is simply an
acknowledgement of the truth, simple and unadorned.

The first step on the Road of the Beast is toacknowl-
edge this. The Beast is our soul, our heart — our essentia,
as the philosophers might say. It is the prime mover, the
first principle, the uncaused cause. It cannot be ques-
tioned or ignored or pushed aside. It can only be faced,
understood, accepted and mastered.

Frengy

Liolya had much to tell me about controlling the
Beast. It loves to run free, but this frenzied state need not
be feared if one has mastered the Beast. It can be ridden,
guided if not controlled. It can be called forth when
needed and its strength added to one's own

The careless pay little attention to the lessons needed
tocontain the Beast. The wise lear carefully. When ridden
with skill and care, the Beast can bea powerful mount. Just
as the knight is made more formidable when mounted on
his destrier and clad in his armor, so are the Children of
Caine made nigh invincible when riding the Beastand clad
in the armor of certainty and control over our rage.

As the rage descends, Liolya told me, itis best not to
fight it. But neither should one surrender completely
Rather, one should allow it to wash over oneselflike the
tides of the sea. This is difficult, she said, because one's
first reaction is either to surrender completely ot to set
one's will against it. It is sometimes necessary to defeat
the Beast directly, so that it will know you are its master,
but once this has been done, it need only be done
occasionally to reinforce your control.

But the Beast can be directed. It isa simple creature,
easily satisfied. It instinctively strikes out at all that is
dear to us, so that our will might be weakened, our
resolve shattered, our sanity broken. This way, it will
find it easier to seize control the next time. And so the
downward spiral begins.

If the Beast knows you are its master, she said, and
that you will let it rage freely, it will feel no need to

destroy what you love. It will become your tool — more
than that, it will become your accomplice or familiar. If
it is fed and satisfied, it will be loyal.

But, Liolya reminded me, like any beast, it tests one's
vigilance. When least expected, it presses against the
bats of its cage, rattles its chains, screams for release.
Strength and vigilance are needed, for it will deceive and
destroy if allowed free reign. Yet this task is not so odious
as it sounds. It is unceasing and often draining, but
ultimately, it is the source of much power.

Liolya told me I would discover great joy in my
Beast. She said that when I had ridden frenzy, 1 would
understand. When I lived, I was a warrior, and I took
pleasure in victory — in killing. But those pleasures pale
into insignificance beside the thrill of hunting with the
Beast as your ally. To drain the lifeblood of another, to
feel their heartbeat fade as their vitae flows in your
veins... the rewards of the Beast are many.

These theories bear further investigation. Xavier
knows much about the various philosophies espoused
by the other Cainites. If these Ferals have truly
developed a way fo control these urges, then we must
know what it ist The advantage it would give us in
our dealings with other Cainites would be worth a very
high price indeed.

Ture

OHther Pleasures

Liolya tells me that the Beast is also capable of more
refined pleasures. Other Cainites go through the mo-
tions of their devotion to gods who no longer hear their
prayers, ifindeed they ever did. Or they play their foolish
and pointless games of politics and intrigue. They study
death in an effort to understand it, evenas the answer lies
in their own cold breasts.
s they listen to the Beast, unless they warm
theircold, dead souls by its blazing fire, they are doomed
to the same endless cycle of plans, friends and hopes
being destroyed by the Beast. By denying the hot spark
of desire within, they deny themselves the pleasures of
existence and consign themselves to a gray, pointless

Butunle:

procession of years.

Liolya is well attuned to her urges. The Beast de-
mands pleasure and satisfaction. The deeps of the forest,
the still of the lake, the bite of the mountain air — all
these things she savors because she has not forgotten the
joys of life. The Beast reminds her, every night, of what
she has gained as well as what she has lost. She delights
inthe simple fact of her continued existence and feels no
shame or guilt for the lives she has taken. We cannot live
as mortals, but the grave has not claimed us yet.

We do not scheme to fill the unending hours. The
Beast is too impatient for that. It craves action, the hot
taste of fresh blood, the strain of combat and the smell of

ane

fear. You will hear the whimpering of the trapped and
restrained Beasts of others. Vengeance not taken, ambi-
tions thwarted, desires unfulfilled. The Beast is not stupid.
Itdoes not attack when there is no chance of victory. The
Beast has made us hunters. Is not a true hunter cunning
and careful? The snare can be as effective as the tooth and
claw. The Beast laughs long and loud when its cunning
trap overcomes the strength of a powerful foe

So I will not be afraid of my Beast. I will embrace it.
Masterit. Give venttoitsdesiresand be strongand glorious.

Does the Wolf
Pray for the Sheeps

From the final confession of Gerard

I say with pride that I yet kept my mind focused on
my duty. I was determined to discover what I could about
these Ferals and report back. But I must confess that a

| desire to join Liolya's road was growing within. The more

time I spent with her, the more constrained I felt. I felt
my own Beast straining at the edges of my mind, aching
for release. I yearned for the freedom she reveled in. A
seed of rebellion against the Pyramid was planted in me,
but at the time, I resisted.

Liolya could see that the freedom she offered me was
tempting. We spoke again, and again I refused. She laid
out the tenets of the road in an ordered form, to make it
easier, she said, for my ordered mind to understand. I do
not recall her exact words, but I do recalll her lessons

The Commands of the Veast

All Cainite roads have their commandments, their
rulesand principles. The Road of the Beastislittledifferent
Liolya told me it was simple enough to enumerate the most
important precepts of the road. This was often done for the
benefitofneonatesandnewcomers like myself,shehinted)
to help them understand what they must do — and what
they must not do. Like the commandments of the Bible,
Ferals observe 10 such commandments.
The rules are simple enough

Feed When You Hunger

This is the Road's basic command, its most sacred
and pure sacrament. The Beast is a great gift, the hunger
for existence, even in the face of death itself. It must be
fed, else our very existence will end.

The Ferals believe that the Beast marks all Cainites
as the greatest, swiftest and most terrible hunters who
have ever lived. We are no longer mortal, so we have left
behind mortal concerns of right and wrong, good and
evil. We simply do what we must in order to survive.
Does the wolf feel remorse for killing the deer? The hawk
for the hare? The snake for the rat?

"CHAPRFEROQNE>


Neither, say the Ferals, should one feel remorse for
one's prey. But when one strikes, it should be swift and
strong. The hunt should not be prolonged, and prey
should be consumed utterly when brought to ground.

The Beast will not be satisfied with half a kill, nor with
a few mouthfuls of precious vitae taken with the permis-
sion of a willing thrall. It demands the very life-blood of
its prey, killed swiftly and cleanly in the hunt. The Ferals
donot shy away from the kill. They believe that to do so
is to fear one's true nature. We are hunters and killers; to
act otherwise is nothing more than self-deception

Show Your Enemies No Mercy

The quality of mercy isasign of weakness. The Ferals
aim to destroy their enemies with neither hesitation nor
remorse. This means that no attack will go un-avenged,
no enemy will go unmolested. They reason that allowing
an enemy to survive not only gives a foe another oppor-
tunity tostrike back, itall but guarantees further attacks.
To show weakness in this is both foolish and dangerous.

Thestrongshould nothide their strength. The weak
must be shown that any threat or challenge will be met
with ruthless and decisive retaliation. Prey may survive
by moving in herds for safety, but a true hunter can
defend itself. The strong must be shown that you too are
strong, so that their attention will be directed elsewhere
(to the weak, in fact).

Defend Your Lerritory

Defend what is yours or have it taken from you. The
lesson is simple. All Caine's children need territory
Herds to feed from. Safe places to shelter in.

AllCainites must eke out and defend their territory.
Asour own clan's experience has shown, claims must be
made boldly and defended strongly. All Tremere, I'm
re, would agree with this "commandment." Like the
Ferals, we have used our strength to take territory from
the weak and we defend it with the greatest vigor.

For the Ferals, however, holding territory is not just
a matter of practicality, of access to herds and resources
The hunt is important to them for other reasons, and not
to have land on which to hunt is an impediment to their
progress along their road. As a result, they are ever
vigilant and demand that all intruders on their domain
pay homage. Those who do not are considered to be
invaders and are dealt with as such.

Rill When Necessary

Enemies should be destroyed. Ferals show no re-
morse for their actions, no sympathy for the suffering
they cause. And they will brook no interference. If a
Feral has marked someone for death, he will be pursued
— hunted — relentlessly.

When they hunt, Ferals kill their prey. This is
central to their road. They do not allow anything to

stand between them and their needs. In their view, the
simplest way to deal with a troublesome individual is to
kill him. This extends to Cainites as well as mortals,
although I believe they are more circumspect when it
comes to their fellow undead.

Make No Unbidden Sacrifice

The Ferals do not recognize the feudal system. They
feel they owe others nothing. To sacrifice oneself for
anotherisa great folly in their eyes. The Beast has brought
us back from death itself; it would be poor repayment
indeed to sacrifice it to the interest of another.

Liolya explained that this does not mean Ferals are
unwilling to aid each other. Indeed, no pack could function
if self-interest were all. This principle refers to self-sacrifice
for others, for "innocents," for matters of principle or for
"greater causes." Letothers become martyrs and die for their
causes. The only cause a Feral will defend with his unlife is
his own unlife, or perhaps that of a boon companion. The
Beast offers the chance to hunt forever; who is great enough
to be worthy of a sacrifice of that magnitude?

Do Not Torment Others Necdlessly

Hunters do not toy with their prey. They stalk, then
they strike. Ferals do the same. The Beast revels in the
pursuit, the chase. It matches strength and cunning with
its prey and rejoices when it triumphs. That is all the
satisfaction it craves, all the reward it needs.

To torture or torment another needlessly is seen as
a sign of weakness. Ferals are cruel, but not without
reason. Iftormentis the only way to achieve an end, they
will not hesitate to do whatever they feel is needed to
achieve the result they need. But they do not engage in
such activities simply for sport or pleasure. Indeed, they
abhor those who do.

Remember the Wilds

By and large, Ferals abhor civilization. They may
grudgingly enter a city or town, they may even partici-
pate in the theatrics of a Cainite court, but they are
always aware that such things are artificial, construc-
tions of man. Empires ise and fall, but the Beast remains,
constant and unwavering in its needs.

The wilderness embodies this in away that the cities
do not. The forests and wilds hold all we need. Game,
shelter, peace. Even the Ferals whodwell in the cities feel
the need, from time to time, to return to the wilds and
purge themselves of the influences and habits of civiliza-
tion. In this way, they maintain contact with the Beast's
most primal urges. Feeding, of course, also requires some
proximity to mortals, but does not necessitate hiding
among them, or so the Ferals assert.

Do Not Kill Without Weed

The Beast is not greedy. Neither are the Ferals
When they are hungry, they hunt. When a foe must be


destroyed, they act. They may well enjoy killing, but
they do not kill for pleasure

Ibelieve that there isa kind of asceticism attached to
some Ferals. They pride themselves on their simplicity
Indeed, they do as little as possible to rise above mere
existence, hunting wild and unconcerned with the ac-
tions of the world around them. For such Cainites, to kill
only when necessary (to feed or to destroy an enemy) is a
matter of pride, a symbol of their self-mastery. By discard-
ing the need for gratification that needless killing can
represent, they keep their Beasts from running amok

Challenge the Weak

Only the strong deserve to survive. The weak are
prey. The primary reason why Ferals despise civilization is
their belief that itis a shield for the weak. Weak leaders,
marginally stronger than those they rule, lord over weak
subjects. Férals believe that the truly strong need no
retinues of servants and soldiers to secure their survival

They also believe that weak leadersand their ollow-
ers should be attacked and destroyed. 1 think that this
principle stems in part from their fear that eventually,
they may be overcome by the hordes of mortals and the
Cainites who hide behind them. So they strike viciously
at any leader or other individual they see as unworthy
Only by maintaining the dominance of the strong are
they able to secure their own survival.

Avoid Foolhardy 2isks

Survival is a serious matter. The Beast does not trifle
with trivial matters, and neitherdo the Ferals. They donot
risk their continued survival for petty rewards or simply to
relieve the ennui that can affect the Children of Caine
They understand that the Beast brought them back from
death. To repay this salvation with needless risk would be
todeny the power and gravity of their condition

Thisisnottosay that they are cowardsor that the Ferals
avoid risk altogether. They well understand that existence
isa struggle and that they must contend with others at all
times. But they know the value of their existence, and they
refuse to endanger it without pressing need.

Perfect Clarity

From the diary of Gerard:

We still travel north. Liolya seems disappointed
that I have so far resisted her blandishments to abandon
ny loyalty, but she seems content for us to keep com-
pany. Today, I discovered why

She brought me to an ancient Gangrel whom she
called "Grandfather." This "Grandfather" is a venerable
Lorekeeper, a bardand a priest all at once. A wizened figure,
he looked like an old man as he sat covered in an old
blanket. But when he finally moved, he sprang like a
hunting cat. His eyes were slitted, and his arms and hands

were not merely hairy — they were covered in fur. Yet his
mind was sharp and his wisdom considerable. We spoke for
three full nights. The questions he asked and the answers |
gavehave led me toan inescapable conclusion: must break
with my current path and embrace the Road of the Beast.

I write as if | have reasoned my way to this conclu-
sion, but there is far more to it than that. Ever since my
Embrace, I have struggled to control my urges. In the
course of carrying out my duties to the Pyramid, I have
traveled far and wide. I have fought for my unlife against
wild animals and against bandits and armies. Always, I
have heard the Beast whispering in my ear. It tells me
that the code of behavior I have been trying to follow is
wrong. Why try to live like a mortal, by mortal rules,
when I am no longer mortal? This makes sense, but so
might all the roads when examined logically.

More important is the example I see before me.
Liolya may be a savage, but she is at peace with herself.
She simply acts according to her needs. When hungry,
she hunts and kills, and she shows no remorse for the
livesshe takes. I long to experience that peace, to silence
the voice of the Beast that torments me so. Every time |
feed, carefully concealing my hunt and only draining a
little from each victim so that no trail of deaths would
allow my movements to be followed, I feel the Beast
straining at its leash.

In truth, it has became unbearable. | will tell
Tam ready to turn my back on my humanity once and for
all ready to embrace my Beast and become one with it

Tam ready to become a Beast in name as well as in nature.

Embracing the Veast

From the final confession of Gerard.

Grandfather told me I would be tested. He told me
Ineeded to be put to the test so that] might face the truth
of what had decided to become. | needed first to become
attuned to my Beast and then to maser it. The Beast is a
hard master, and | needed to be certain of my strength,
so that I would know that] would not stray from its path.

iolya

He told me I would face moments of decision, when
I would face myself and my actionsand question whether
what I did was right. My savagery, he warned, would
sometimes delight me and sometimes terrify me. But we
are Ferals, not devils, and we do not give the Beast free
rein to ravage and destroy as it will. We hunt when it is
time to hunt, rest when it is time to rest. We do not
simply kill when the whim take

us.

I tried to prepare myself, to keep my resolve strong
for the moments when I would be tested. I d
the tests that I knew would come. I did not even fear
failing them, although I knew it was inevitable that |
would not always prevail. I was determined to master my
Beast, no matter how long it took, no matter how
cunning it proved

id not fear


Liolya told me I should trust in my own strength and
in my own instincts. She told me it would be a grave
mistake to fight the Beast too hard, to be too afraid of
losing control of it, to grip the reins too tightly. Rather,
I should guide and steer the Beast so that its fury and rage
were directed to purposes of my choosing

I did not have to wait long for my first test. Leaving
my weapons and armor behind, I roamed ahead of Liolya
and Grandfather. I needed blood, and I spied a camp in
a thicket of trees. Creeping closer, I saw that it was a
small party of men-at-arms, some dozen or so. Two men
were on guard. Steeling myself, I prepared to strike:

My plan was to quickly kill the first, then feed on the
second watchman. I climbed one of the trees and dropped
onto the ground behind the watcher. I snapped his neck,
but as I lunged for his companion | stumbled and the
alarm was raised. | fell on the watchman and drank deep.
My Beast was agitated, excited. It had tasted blood and
a fight was in the offing

Normally, I would be ruled by prudence and seek to
flee. But as | watched the mortals scramble for their
weapons, | felt a rising wave of euphoria. Realizing that
now was the time to unleash the Beast, I cried out in joy
and fell upon the hapless mortals.

I cannot say that I took no wounds in the fight, nor
that I was not afraid for my very existence. Were I only
mortal, I would have died quickly. Even aCainite would
have been hard-pressed. But the Beast was not afraid. It

lent me strength and courage. It was confident that it
could master these foes, and when it finally subsided
well satisfied with its work, I stood in the thicket covered
in blood and surrounded by the corpses of my prey. I felt
no fatigue, only elation. Proudly, I made my way back to
Liolya and Grandfather.

As soon as they saw me, they guessed what had
happened. They congratulated me and welcomed me to
their road

"You have taken but the first step, but your appear-
ance betokens a confident stride, not a timid shuffle,"
Grandfather said.

As the moon sank and! lay down that morning, I felt a
peace and completeness that was new to me. Instead of
grumblingand nagging, the Beast wascontent. [wascontent.

Grandfather Speaks

From the journal of Gerard.

Grandfather has given me much to think about.
Tonight we walked together as Liolya roamed ahead. Last
night I loosed the Beast upon a small troupe of
arms. I triumphed, and I feel at peace. The Beast is like an
ember, burning slow now after raging last night. I feel it
deep inside, and feltit last night, as I slaughtered my foes

nen-at-

Grandfather told me I must rid myself completely of
mortal thoughts. He said I would feel elation every time |
loosed the Beast, but that I should beware of pride and

overconfidence. The hunter takes satisfaction from his

Kills, not foolish mortal emotions. My instincts, not my
thoughts, should be my guide. My victories should grant
me confidence and strength, he warned. If instead | allow
arrogance and conceit to grow, then the Beast would take
me completely and I would soon be no more. The surest
hunters of those who have succumbed to the Beast are
Ferals, many of whom delight in such a challenging hunt

Ic is difficult to sort out the feelings and thoughts I
am experiencing. Even writing this journal is more
difficult than ithas been. Itseems foolish to be searching
forthe words to describe the things Iam feeling, but lam
determined to continue in my undertaking.

Grandfather spoke much tonight about the progress
I might expect to make. One thing he was clear about: |
must not become too enamored of the Beast. I must not
become so confident of my control of it that I give it its
freedom too often, that I might rely on it too much. His
lesson was that the Beast is a servant; I am its master. I
must let it free when that is what my instincts tell me to
do, but must not free it every time a threat or fight is in
the offing. That is the path to degeneration, to becoming
nothing more than a raving monster.

He told me that I could expect to face many situations
where my judgment would be called into question, espe-
cially as I am so new to the road. This is a dangerous time
and losing control of the Beast is a great risk for me. He
believes it is like tumbling down a hill. Once you slip, he
says, it is difficult to regain your balance. And once a slip
becomes a fall, it is nigh impossible to stop the descent.

Sailure

From the journal of Gerard.

We have traveled further, and I have been making
progress, I think, along my new road. Every night my
confidencegrows. Ihave hunted, nakedand wildandalone,
and the Beast has howled in satisfaction. Grandfather and
Liolya continue to instruct me, and I have leamed.

But last night, I shame to say I failed a test that
Grandfather set for me. Tonight, lam feeling foolish, but
yetdetermined to continue on this road. I will learn from
his failure and never repeat it. I am writing it down so
hat I may relive my shame and not forget my weakness.

th
th

Grandfather told me to run through the forest, but
not to hunt, and to return an hour before daybreak. I
questioned him, but he told me to do what I was told. So
Tran. I was tempted to take a hart whose trail crossed
mine, but I resisted the gentle urging of the Beast and
ran. Animal vitae is thin and tasteless in any case.

Still, I wondered what the test would be. [know now
that Grandfather set me to running to deplete my body
of vitae. When I returned to Grandfather and Liolya, |
was hungry and tired, but determined. They sat quietly
on the edge of a clearing. In the center were three piles
of wet leaves, piled high and smelling of wet earth.

Grandfather told me he knew I must be hungry. |
said nothing.

"You must hurry and find your food," said he, "lest
the Beast overtake you in your hunger."

Ac last, I thought! A test of my resolve against the
Beast. Determined not to let it rut through the piles like
apighunting for truffles, carefully inspected the piles —
their size, the way the leaves were turned, the footprints
around them. I tried to recall any clues Grandfather
might have mentioned, and to second-guess his inten-
tions and his camouflage. I made my choice. I was wrong

"You have no time left to hunt this night. Let the
Beast torment you. Tomorrow you will hunt."

Iwas furious. I had tried to use reason to accomplish
a task that the Beast could have easily completed. Had I
only released it toscent for me likea hound, | would have
found the meal before the blood had cooled. The Beast
howled and raged, but I was determined not to com-
pound my failure by loosing it in a rage when none but
myself was to blame

Tonight, when I woke, Liolya and Grandfather had
gone. Cursing them, | first hunted, then set about finding
them. They were making little effort to hide their pass-
ing. None of us has spoken, but Grandfather seemed
satisfied when I rejoined them.

Next time, I will not be fooled. Next time, I will pass
the test.

More Lessons
From the final confession of Gerard

Grandfather's next lessons to me were on the dan-
gers of degeneration. The hunt is not mere pleasure for
the Ferals, and it is more than a necessary activity for
survival. We must hunt to maintain our supply of vitae
— this is the fundamental fact of Cainite existence —
but vitae does more than that. It gives us the sustenance
we need to defend ourselves and the spiritual might we
need to act as we should. If we allow ourselves to become
weak, we become easy prey for others. Worse, we become
easy prey for our own Beasts, who will seize upon our
weaknessand take control. Grandfather'snext test taught
me that lesson in no uncertain terms.

Riding the Beast isa great test. To set it loose and to
maintain controlis like ridinga wildhorse. Atfirst, itcan
only be guided and persuaded, not controlled. Yet by
imposing my will upon it, I gain a measure of co-
operation from it, not because I have defeated it, but
because I showed it that under my control it well be well
satisfied and kept well pleased.

Grandfather added a caution here. Some Ferals, he
told me, become so enamored of the Beast, and of the
sensation of riding it when it rages, that they try to let it
free always. Some claim this is the only way to gain a
deeper understanding of our condition. Others simply


lack the discipline and judgment to know when to take
control and when to let it go. Either way, one risks
becoming too taken with one's own rage, and while it
may serve one well for a time, the Beast inevitably
conquers in the end.

After my failure with the piles of leaves, we traveled
for a few more days. Once he deemed that I had recov-
ered, Grandfather urged me to give the Beast itshead and
hunt all night, every night. I did not understand the
reason for this, but | must confess I was not unhappy. |
lost myself in the hunt for three nights, stalking and
slaying without pause. The Beast was in control and at
first, I was unconcerned.

But on the fourth night, Grandfather re-appeared.
He had with him a mortal, a young and sturdy lad. I
sprang forward, but Liolya blocked my way.

op!" she cried. I could only growl

Thiskillisfor Gerard, nothis Beast," said Grandfather
I was furious. 1 wanted blood. All their blood.
Grandfather was old and weak. Liolya would put up a
fight but I could surely overcome her. The Beast howled
and slavered.

Yet some small spark of intellect understood what
must be done. I tried to exert my willpower, to force the
Beast back, but it would not go willingly. I turned and
ran, howling in confusion and rage. | was determined not
to fail this test, but the Beast did its best to resist me. |
knew I had to force it down, to take control of myself.

Then I discovered the Beast's cunning. It must have
feared the strength of my will, for it gave way. But it did
not surrender. Instead, it began to ask questions. How
did I know what the test really was? I was wrong last time,
afterall. Why was Grandfather testing me so? Had Liolya
not told me that the road was simple? Why all these tests?
Perhaps they were torturing me? Laughing at me? Why
not take them? If I struck quickly, I could surely slay
Grandfather. If I let the Beast loose, J could take Liolya's
blood as well. They had set the Beast free and were afraid
of it, because they were weak. And the weak are fit only
for the slaughter.

I screamed. I could not make the thoughts stop. 1
slammed my head against a tree and howled and ranted
and cursed. Slowly, I made my way back to my two
mentors. They were waiting. They did not hear me
approach until I dropped from the trees, landing be-
tween them. The Beast reached out, intent on killing
Grandfather.

Then | saw the mortal. I remembered who I was.
Somehow, I made my hand stop. Grandfather stood
and expressionless

The Beast raged. | forced it down. It nearly had me,
but I shut out its howls. It was beaten and it knew it.

watching me, motionles:

"Congratulations, Gerard. You have vanquished
the Beast."

-ROADOPTHEBEAST-

Then Grandfather let the mortal free, and we three
hunted together for the first time. His blood was hot and
salty from fear and exertion.

The Wilderness of Nan

Bere at last is the meat of Gerard's confession.
We must learn the source of the strange power this
Liolya seems to have held over him. ¥ remember Gerard
before he strayed from us. He was a doughty warrior
and a foal servant. He had truly earned bis place
among our ranks. 1 do not believe that his betrayal
was the result of an incorrect selection for the Embrace.
Rather, 1 think Liolya bewitched him somehow.

This mastery of the self of which he speaks
continues to fascinate me. Is it simple willpower, or
are there secret techniques involved? Rituals or
enchantments? Gerard has been unable to tell us
anything of use. We must capture more of these Ferals
— Liolya would be a great prize — and discover
What it is that they know,

Imre ~ 2

From the journal of Gerard:

I have triumphed over the Beast. Grandfather and
Liolya put me to the test some nights ago and though I
struggled, I prevailed. Truly I can now call myselfa Feral

At last, I am at peace with myself. | know not how
or when I may return to the Pyramid. Perhaps I can find
away. Perhaps not. Either way, lam not concerned. Iam
the master of myself, now, and from that mastery all else
will flow.

This will be my last journal entry. I have no need to
record my thoughts any further. But | will keep it in my
possession, nonetheless, in case I ever wish to see how far
Ihave come and to remember the progress I have made.

Gerard

The Words of Liolya

From the final confession of Gerard

You have read my journal. You know that I gave in
to my weakness. I was ready to abandon the Pyrar
was ready to place my own needs, the urges of my Beast,
ahead of those of Clan Tremere. In my heart, I had
already done so

Tknow it isa crime for which I can never atone, save
pethaps with my destruction. But cannot deny the thrill
1 felt, the sense that I had finally become what I was
always meant to be. [ran wildand hunted with abandon
T roamed as a true savage, with no thought other than
slaughter and destruction. Eventually, 1 allowed my
reason to reassert itself, but never to place itself above
the Beast. Rather, | learned to use it to guide and as
the Beast. At last, I felt whole.


Still my instruction continued. I knew not why, but
Iwas glad of it nonetheless. After passing the test of
controlling my Beast, Grandfather left usand Liolya and
continued to travel. We were bearing north, but were
inno hurry and Liolya seemed to have no destination in
mind. We passed by several towns, some of them quite
large, and this seemed to encourage Liolya to talk. She
knew much of my own history by now and evidently
decided it was time to talk of cities and civilizations.

Iwill tell you now what she told me. It will explain
much, I think.

Ieis said that the Ferals are barbarians, outcasts, an
cuse to justify
theirhunger. Itissaid that they hate civilization and that
theyseek only to roam and kill like animals. These are all
falsehoods. The Ferals — we Ferals — do not hate
civilization but despise it. We see through its falsehoods
and pretenses. We see through those who choose to bind
themselves to it

unruly mob of monsters who use any

Ferals do not say that reason and learning have no
place. To abandon reason altogether is toabandon oneself
tothe Beast entirely, and that is not our way. We want the
Beast as a willing ally, not as a slave and certainly not as
an adversary. It is reason that elevates us above the lower
creatures, and that prevents us from becoming animals
ourselves, Some Ferals have gained many insights by
studying the works of mortal philosophers. Does not Plato
make anallegory about the soul being like a chariot, drawn
bytwo horses? The horse of reason and the horse of passion
must both obey the whip of the selfif the chariot is not to
be wrecked at the first obstacle

Civilisation's Great Deceit

Because we see through the lies of civilization, it
posesno threat to us. This is our greatadvantage. Wecan
exist apart from it or in the midst of it if we choose. But
never do we allow ourselves to be fooled into thinking
thatiit is necessary to our survival or better than roaming
the wilds

The foundation of civilization is the submergence of
individual instinct, knowledge and desire to the needs or
laws of the state. This means suppressing instincts and
accepting the dominion of another.

We understand the rule of the strong. We under-
stand hierarchies and social orders, where everyone
has their place. When we need to, we can function in
civilization quite well, but we refuse to be deceived.
Were we to entrust ourselves and our survival to
civilization, we would be surrendering our own judg-
ment and relying on someone else's — the very
antithesis of our way.

Why do civilizations end? Why did Rome burn?
Why does every empire decline and fall, with only death
and disaster for their citizens? Because mortals deceive

themselves. They believe they have become "civilize
that they have conquered their desires and instincts and
replaced them with something better or more refined —
human laws and rules.

How then can a Feral exist in civilization? It is
surprisingly easy. The same rules apply as in the wilds.
We claim territory and defend it against all intruders
We claim the place to which our strength entitles us. We
avoid being drawn into schemes and intrigues. We can
move through the ranks of our fellow Cainites — we
know and accept who and what we truly are:

We pride ourselves on being able to thrive any-
where, to go wherever we please. Cities simply provide
different challenges. A few among our number hunt
and prey on the very highest levels of mortal and
Cainite society. Usually, they keep themselves hid-
den from mortal view, to better camouflage themselves
for the hunt.

Ido not pretend to understand the thinking of these
Ferals. Their claim is that the most dangerous prey is
man. Therefore, to hunt him in his chosen environment,
they say, is the greatest challenge. The Beast must be
carefully watched, loosed at precisely the right moment
and then caged again before it rampages.

I can understand the delight of the hunt, but 1
wonder if such tastes are too refined. Still, the skill of
these Ferals cannot be denied, nor the strength of their
control over the Beast. To be able to function asa hunter
under such circumstances is a truly remarkable feat. Do
not ever fall into the delusion of thinking our city-
dwelling cousins are weak or soft. They are dread hunters
indeed, make no mistake

The delights and sophisticated pleasures of the city are
intended to distract its inhabitants from their true, savage
nature. This is true for mortals and Cainites alike. Move
among them and be not fooled. All we must remember is
that the key to our existence lies within, in our hunger and
rage, not in some poem or hymn or building.

The Wilds Call

But the Beast howls loudest when it is caged most
tightly. It will find a way to make its desires known. The
wilds call to us all. That is why even the city-dwellers
among usspend time away from the centers of civilization.

Time spent in solitary meditation is an important
element in our spiritual growth. Freed from the distrac-
tions and diversions of mortal civilization, we can turn
our focus inward and work toward a true understanding
of our inner natures.

Spending time in the wilds isalso dangerous, but this
is ultimately of benefit. For while we are the greatest
hunters in the world, we need to spend time with the
beasts to ensure that our instincts remain strong, our
reflexes quick, our intelligence swift and brutal. To do


San

this, we must expose ourselves to the wilds, to ensure that
our predatory skills remain honed.

The forests are full of creatures that would hunt
us down and destroy us. Most notably, they are home
to the Lupines, perhaps our greatest foes. Filled with
wrath and possessed of immense power, those Ferals
who pursue them can put themselves to no greater or
more dangerous test

Neither should one fall into the trap of thinking that
hunting in the wilds is the simple, natural solution to all
of one's problems. I have already said that making one's
havenin the wilds is difficult because of their sheer danger.
We do not look for easy answers and soft ways. Our way
the way of fang and claw, of death and str

A Dangerous Compromise

Even those of us in the cities, however, feel the call
of the wild. Rare is the follower of our road who doesn't
escape into the wilds from time to time. Even if itis only
to observe our rites — few though they are — spending
time in the wilds to revel in the fury and passions of the
Beast is a vital part of our existence.

le.

We can feed on animals if dire need is upon us. They
provide vitae, but it is thin and weak fare indeed, akin to
the gruel some mortals are forced to cons Rare
indeed is the Cainite whose Beast will be satisfied with
a diet of animal vitae. Eventually, if the Cainite refuses
to find better prey, the Beast will rampage until it does.

ime.

After all, we cannot escape our hunger, so some
proximity to mortals is necessary. Some try to find a
compromise and claim domains along major roads. Oth-
ers become nomads, roaming the nights and preying on
the edges of human society.

Those Ferals who hunt in cities scoff at such
behavior — why play timidly on the edges when the
truly bold plunge in directly? Those of us who dwell in
the wilds also scoff — why dally with such foolishness
when one could simply withdraw into the forests alto-
gether? But others claim to find in such a pattern of
existence the ideal balance between our conflicting
needs. Just as the Beast must be balanced against reason
and intellect, so must the trappings of man be balanced
with the wilds he avoids.

Some Ferals lead nomadic existences, moving from
place to place and never claiming a domain or even a
territory. This sort of existence is not without hazard, of
course. Nothavingany permanent domain orsafe haven
means that the nomad is entirely on his own, and one
crippling injury in an unfamiliar place can spell doom.

Nomadic existence is likely to become harder, as the
mortals spread their cities and their civilization further
into the forests and plains. Our Wardens find it more
difficult with each passing year to travel to and from our
sacred places and ourLorekeepers bring tales of kingsand

aE TES
ow ain a)

2

=
Lo eet,

princes who wish to control their borders and restrict
who will enter their realms.

All we can do is to focus on our strength. We trust
in the voice of the Beast. It tells us where to roam,
where to hunt. We believe it will guide us true every
time, as long as we have the courage to listen carefully
and follow fearlessly.

The Hunt
is the Test of the Hunter

From the final confession of Gerard

My confession is now almost done. Liolya and |
turned directly north and gradually, I realized that we
were headed fora gathering of Ferals. I began to notice
others traveling near us, and finally we arrived at a
secluded wood some distance north of Riga. The
ancient trees seemed to whisper, and game was plen-
tiful. There were no villages or towns for leagues in all
directions. The meeting area was a large clea
ringed by stones. In its center was a fire pit.

I would guess that there were close to two-score
Ferals in total. Liolya and I were among the last to

arrive. Never have I seen such an assemblage of glorious
hunters. Ferals from further north were dressed in

heavy furs, with thick, braided hair and massive, thick
hews. A group from the Isles of Britain arrived, nearly
naked except for their tattoos and war-paint. Wardens
arrived with massive hounds who fed on the blood of
their masters, making them at once obedient and terri-
fyingly vicious. Still others I mistook for Lupines at
first, so animalistic was their appearance. They had
long snouts, tufted ears, clawed hands and feet. Three
arrived together, like giant wolves with long, red-
brown fur. It was not until I heard them speak that |
realized they were not simply some other Feral's mas-
sive war-hounds or some fearsome, forgotten monsters
from the deep wilds

Around these animalistic Ferals there was a de-
gree of space. Some seemed to hold them in awe, for
their daring in drawing the Beast forth so often and
wearing its visage so boldly. Others drew back in fear,
reckoning that for the Beast to mark them so heavily,
they must be deep in its clutches.

The next two nights were my introduction to Feral
society. I fought many challenges, winning some, losing
others. These were more akin to wrestling or brawling
matches. Their purpose was simply to establish the order
of dominance, not to hurt or kill others. Yet that is not
tosay that there were no deaths. There were three in all
The destruction of those weak enough to perish in such
friendly fights was not mourned, though.

ve

. ROAD OFTHE BEAST. =S- =


We will send out parties at once to locate this
site, We cannot allow such gatherings to take place
$0 close fo our holdings. Done of our spies or
informers detected the movement of 40 Cainites
through our fandst Chis cannot be tolerated, Our
spymaster has failed us utterly,

Ture

Know When to Fight

Liolya was concerned that I might not understand
the purpose of the fighting, or why only the newer Ferals,
those such as myself who had only recently taken up the
road, were fighting. She explained that among the older
Ferals, the order was established. Any challenge would
bea more serious affair, and would as likely be resolved
through a hunt that only one would survive as through
some form of ritual combat.

She spoke at length toa group of us newcomers. We
place great import on hunting and killing, but how
should we exist from night to night? Our road is not one
of constant violence, endless struggle and lonely nights
spent looking over our shoulders. Even animals take
time to play, and to do nothing but hunt would quickly
drive one into the arms of the Beast.

Could we imagine, she asked, surviving if we chal-
lenged every insult with a duel to the death? We are
hunters. That is to say, we use cunning and guile as much
asbrute force and savagery. It is important to know when
tostalk your prey and when to strike. But only a fool risks
his existence needlessly. Unless it is strongly provoked
and weakly controlled, the Beast is unlikely to lead one
into a pointless confrontation over a trifling matter.

"Sohow should we react when we have been wronged?"
asked one of the neonates, a Brujah named Halla.

There is no hard-and-fast rule, Liolya explained,
mid cis not always easy to,judge. The one certainty is
that one must never, no matter what response one
makes, appear weak or indecisive. Demand satisfaction
fora wrong, but make sure that the demand is commen-
surate with your station, that of your opponent and the
harm done to you. If you demand a dreadful reckoning of
the most trivial of slights you will appear foolish and
harsh. This can be just as dangerous as allowing a slight
to go unanswered.

Buta strong response, I said, can be a most effective
warning to others that you are not to be trifled with
Making an object lesson ofa tormentor —especially one
without powerful friends or allies — can provide a
salutary lesson. When outright confrontation is required,
no mercy should be shown. Your fury should be ridden
and your enemy destroyed. Such a kill should not go
unnoticed. Itshould be a warning to others, a warning of
your strength and your determination. Liolya seemed
well pleased with my words.

Liolya reminded us that, although we do not enjoy
or advocate playing politics, extremities of behavior are
to be expected in the name of revenge. The Beast is not
stupid, although it can be short-sighted, and the greatest
hunters are those recognized for their cunning as well as
their savagery

One must be prepared to wait to take revenge ifneed
be, but to wait too long is a mistake, unless a surprise
attack is being planned. There are few things sweeter
than the surprise and the shock of an assailant, who was
expecting little or nothing by way of retaliation for a
wrong, taken unawares.

Allies

Liolya rested, and a new speaker stepped forward.
An Iberian Brujah, he called himself Rodrigo. He would
tell us, he said, how to find our way and choose our allies
if we chose to brave the dangers of the city

First and foremost, he said we must choose our allies
carefully. The qualities he said to look for are strength,
steadfast purpose and strong will. Unless one is looking
for a pack of weaklings to dominate — and who will, in
all likelihood, fail or abandon you in a crisis — one
should find Cainites with similar strength to one's own

He cautioned against being fooled by friendly over-
tures. You will not be well served, he told us, by friends,
who will only add their weaknesses to yourown. We seek
strong allies with whom we share a common purpose.

The Beast is a selfish master, and it lurks within us
all, whether it is acl
that if we trust in the selfishness and self-interest of
others, we do not leave ourselves open to any unpleasant
surprises. But when we find companions to share our
nights with, we must be sure to preserve the strength of
the association by not alienating them.

nowledged or not. So Rodrigo said

Alll groups need a leader, he said, but it is not
imperative that we act as leader merely because we are
Ferals. Rather, it is imperative that the strongest leads
the group. And he gave us a caution — strength is not
always measured solely in terms of physical might. Wis-
dom and knowledge, cunning and deviousness all have
their role to play and thus their strength to contribute.

Rodrigo also advised against tying oneself by
oath or blood to any ally or companion, no matter
how trustworthy or loyal you think they might be. To
reveal all one's secrets is unwise. Better, he said, to
keep yourself to yourself, so that if the worst comes to
the worst and your packmates turn on you, you can
escape and rebuild your strength. Then you can
return and take your revenge

Finally, he spoke of information and where to find it
The struggles ofacity-dwelling Feral can often be greatly
aided by information. Hissuggestion was to gain the trust
ofthe city'sNosferatu. Many of that clan follow our road.

Those who do not may still be sympathetic to our cause,
especially when it lies against a member of a High Clan,
and almost all well understand the need for revenge on
a foe who has delivered a telling slight:

Other useful sources, and the most likely to offer a
simple trade, rather than payment in ill-defined "favors,"
are the Low Clans. We share an abhorrence of the
society of othersand respectstrength. This, Rodrigo said,
makes them natural allies of any Feral.

Snitiation

I leaned many things at the gathering of Ferals. | was
intrigued by those who had received no mentoring, no
training and no help, either from their sire or from a
Lorekeeper like Liolya. I suppose this makes sense. At its
heart, the Road of the Beast is simple, its tenets funda-
mental. Those who are left to their own devices usually
arrive at a set of values remarkably similar to those who
are tutored. This is further proof, if any were needed, that
our toad speaks to the fundamental truths of our nature.
These are the primacy of the hunt, the importance of the
kill, the place of the Beast

I spoke to several Ferals who had effectively initi-
ated themselves onto the road. They had all begun their
existence as Cainites alone and in the wilds. They
recommended such a period of isolation as an excellent
way to comprehend one's true nature. To leave all the
trappings of civilization behind and exist as an animal,
rising with the moon, reveling in one's bestial side, is a
powerful experience. This much I could agree with, from
the weeks I had spent traveling with Liolya. I longed to
spend some time alone like this, in close proximity to the
Beast, not resisting its urges. 1 longed to experience the
freedom and power of the Beast without needing to
report to clan elders, command my soldiers or discharge
any responsibilities.

Packs also initiate their members, and such ceremo-
nies, I learned, are often bloody affairs. They almost
always involve a hunt. Sometimes the would-be member
is hunted by the pack and his worthiness judged by the
chase he leads. Sometimes, if the chase is deemed espe-
cially poor, the Cainite isnot only rejected but slaughtered
for his temerity.

Also common is the joint hunt. The would-be mem-
ber is usually required to lead the pack, or to beat them to
2 kill. Success in not always the only yardstick in such
cases, especially when the pack deliberately obstructs the

hunt to judge the new member's temperament.

Firal Criumph$

From the final confession of Gerard

I judge a man by his friends, a warrior by his enemies.
I made some enemies at this gathering. When some of the
assemblage learned of my clan, I was immediately accused


of being a spy. Liolya came to my de saying that I
should undergo a ritual of initiation. If | was untrue, the
Beast would know. This was the moment she had been
preparing me for. I feltno fear. remember the ritual down
to the last detail; indeed I will never forget it.

Iwas led away and sealed into a small cave. I was not
told what would happen. For three nights I was sealed in,
leftin total darkness, not knowing if] was being initiated
orexecuted. At the beginning of the fourth night, half-
crazed with fear and the fury of the Beast, I was let out.
Before me was a circle of Ferals. Liolya stepped forth.

"You must now hunt. Three nights travel from here
isachurch. Below itis a dungeon. We have just received
word that the churchmen have captured Serge, one of
our brethren. Travel to this church. Discover his fate
Free him if he has not been killed. Destroy the church-
men in any case. You will be followed, and if you fail,
others will do this task. But you will be the first to try.
This mortal was to have been your hunt. But this test is
more fitting. Drink your fill and be gone."

One of the bestial Ferals, looking like a small bear
with human features, pointed ears and a hairless chest,
shovedaa terrified mortal forward. I seized him and drank
deep of his blood, taking every drop of sustenance I could
for the test ahead. The Beast stirred. Then I was away.

For three nights I ran. At the end of the third night,
Ireached the church. I had little time, so I quickly
scouted the surroundings, made note of the stables and
the small compound attached to the church grounds,
then slipped into the courtyard. I found the dungeons
easily. The monk set to guard it did not stir as I passed
But going downstairs, I was bitterly disappointed. All the
cells were empty and there was no sign of
for a pile of ashes, still smoldering, in the farthest cage.

Ifoundapile of papersand ink onanearby table, and
achair. The papers were full of scribbled notes. The table
was in fact a torture table. Had Serge been interrogated?
Where then was the priest? The moon was low in the sky;
hastily, I retreated

The next night, I arose early and returned to the
church. | felt eyes upon me, but sensed no other pres-
ence. guessed it was one of the senior Ferals, aLorekeeper
pethaps, come to watch my actions.

Istole into the compound again. This time, headed
for the priests' quarters. It was easy enough to find the

priest. | asked him about the prisoner, about the interro-
gation. I wasnot gentle. He told mea traveling Inquisitor
name Nikola had interrogated the demon. He was ex-
pected to return on the morrow. I thanked the priest for
his time, then broke his nec]

For good measure, I killed the other monks and
wrecked their compound. I slew the horses in their
stables. | tipped the altar and burned the pews. Then
only one task remained.

The hunt was easy enough, and Nikola's cries to his
God amused me. I killed him quickly, then dragged his
corpse back to the chapel and tore it to pieces. The bear-
like Feral was waiting for me when I was done.

He sniffed the air, looked
burning remains of the church.

"Good," he said, then was off.

at me, looked at the

I returned to the gathering place, but when I got
there everyone was gone.

"You are truly a Feral now," she told me. "What will
you do? Your clan will most likely not have you back."

I knew she was right. I shrugged, then fled into
the wilds

ryone save Liolya

You know the rest. I wandered for a few nights but
was captured by a patrol of Tremere from this chantry.
Sorcery to find me, sorcery to capture me. I do not regret
the deaths I caused. If our soldiers cannot stand against
a Cainite like me, they are not fit for service.

My absence was questioned, and my answers did not
satisfy. You have tortured and beaten me. The Beast is
mighty, but it cannot break the bonds with which you
hold me. It cannot grant me power to escape. I have

turned my back on the Pyramid, but I will still serve.

Perhaps a Cainite is needed for an experiment. Perhaps
you will make an example of me. It matters not. | am
done. On these pages is the last of my loyalty, and good
riddance to it.

This ends the transcription of Gerard's confession.
Be is a wretched subject, but the information he has
brought us will be invaluable, Tam sure. T ill confer
further with Xavier, who has witnessed the interroga-
Tion and has been interested in these matters for some
time, Perhaps he can be persuaded to share some of
his research materials with me.

Tore



HAPTER, CWO:
Ch€«ENDLESS
HUNT

When hunting for foxes, prepare to meet lions.

—Anonymous

From the collection of Xavier, Mage of House Tremere

My dearest Elsa,

Wy reseavch goes well. Jam becoming accustomed to these nights in
Lithuania, but | still find the peasantry distasteful and the surroundings
primitive, Nevertheless, | have continued to accumulate information on the ~
ways of the Cainites. Co my delight, | was able to acquire a large collection
of writings, all from the same hand.

The author — one Rodrigo — is, as far as] have been able to determine,
A Feral. That is, he follows the Via Bestiae. Despite his frequent references to
the road's oral tradition, he has taken considerable effort to set its practices
domwn on paper. He is a Brujah, so perhaps his inclination to scholarship and
his urge to consider matters of philosophy (more common among the so- -
called "High Clans") have led him to undertake this task. Philosophical
treatises are At odds with his beliefs to some extent, though ] daresay he would
be quick to point out that it is not forbidden for a Seral to.record his beliefs.

] have noted a-certain tension in his writings between the faculty of
reason and the primitive urges he describes as "the Beast." 1 believe that these
Serals may have achieved a considerable understanding of our common
condition. Do ndt discount the insights and practices recorded.

For your convenience, } have removed all but the relevant content. The
names, and mat details I could gleant of Rodtigo's correspondents, have beer
taken down and passed on to other agents of our clan. J have also taken the
liberty of including a number of comments and notes throughout the collection.
J await your thoughts and impressions most impatiently.

Yours,

Xavier"


1, aCe
Sr

Rites andBWtuals

From the correspondence and writings of Rodrigo:

Our road is not known for its formalities. We have no
schools, few sacred texts, no appointed teachers or leaders or
members of an official hierarchy. We have no catechism, no
formal doctrine. Some believe we are the Children of Caine.
Some believe we are descended from gods far older.

The only thing weall agree onis that it is the Beast that
gives us our existence. The Beast should not (and indeed
cannot) be contained or trapped. Rather, it should be made
into a willing servant or ally.

We all know what happens when the Beast is denied
its release. To keep the Beast placated we carry out a
number of rituals that serve to remind us of our true nature
They keep our instincts honed and our thoughts simple.

Some are little more than habits we all seem to have
acquired, while others are little short of formal ritual. I will
note, however, that they can vary greatly from place to place
and from follower to follower. They represent ideas and
experiences thatare common tousall, not formalized rituals
we must slavishly enact.

The Lore
and new practices. In this wat
and wide. Though the precise practices may vary, a Feral
from Iberia will still be able to participate in a hunt or rite
in Scotland with little trouble. Nor will she be accounted
improper if a new ritual baffles her.

Prayer

We bow to no god save perhaps the Beast. We have no
formal prayers, but many of our number maintain a dialogue
of sorts with their Beast, coaxing, persuading, cajoling and
sometimes even chastising it.

It is common to utter a few words to the Beast before
commencing a hunt. We may ask for fleetness of foot or a
steady pursuit, a challenging chase or a good fight from our
prey. These words help the Beast loosen its chains. They
help the hunter focus her will on the struggle to come. And
if the Beast is to be loosed and allowed to run free, they are
a vital preparation.

The Beast is powerful and cunning. Prayers uttered
before a hunt help ensure that it does not take the hunter
unawares and seize control. Being in the proper, composed
frame of mind helps the hunter prepare for the Beast's
onslaught and ride its fury, guiding and controlling it
without surrendering to it completely

When the kill has been made, another round of prayers
may be offered. These have the opposite purpose to those said
before the hunt begins. They are a way to focus the mind, to
give the faculty of reason an opportunity to return, tostep out
from the shadow of the Beast's fury.

Especially when the Beast has been ridden in a hunt, it
can be difficult to put it away. It is usually exhausted, sated
and full from its exertions, but that does not mean it slinks
quietly back into its cage. When it has been given a taste of

epers often meet and exchange new ideas

ome rituals have spread far

blood, it generally wants more. It does not like to be caged,

ROADOFTHEBEAST -

We pray at other times too, of course. Usually, we use
our prayers to placate and control the Beast. When placed
under great stress or temptation, we might step back and
talk to the Beast, talking it out of its urge or its intention to
Kill all who defy or thwart it

These prayersare particularly important for followersof
our road who move in civilized circles. The temptation and
frustration that await us in these settings are considerabl
and the Beast must be constantly reassured that revenge will
be taken for slights as necessary.

It is particularly appropriate to turn one's thoughts
inward when a significant event has taken place. The
defeat of a long-standing foe, a moment of clarity and
understanding of one's nature, the Embrace ofa new childe
—all are times when a moment of reflection on the Beast
and its nature may come to us. This meditation is one way
in which we advance our understanding of ourinner nature
and progress along the path we have chosen for ourselv

Study

We are not completely without learning, however,
and this is where our Lorekeepers play a crucial role in the
propagation of our faith.

These humble musings notwithstanding, our faith is
not one that has been recorded in words, Our roots lie
with the great nomad nations and times before writing, so
we have no written tradition. Aside from our epics, our
oldest records are the paintings and etchings in the caves
that housed our ancestors and elders. These depictions of
the hunt are the earliest physical record of our road:

Wedo, however, have a great tradition of poetry, song
and verse. It is the Lorekeepers who keep these traditions
alive by telling our stories and reciting our epic

Lorekeepers

The first and most important task ofa Lorekeeper is to
and our songs. These are the record of out
road's exploits, its triumphs and its defeats. They give us
inspiration and courage and demonstrate how the greatest
amongus have made their way through the dangers of these
deadly nights. We have no formal liturgy, but these tales
are our closest parallel

lear our epics

A Lorekeeper begins by listening to the tales told by
others. When he thinks he is ready, he approaches another
Lorekeeper who, once satisfied of the junior's potential and
intentions, begins teaching by a simple process of repeti-
tion. Once the teacher has imparted as much (or as little)
as he thinks necessary, he and the student part company
and resume their travels, gathering new stories and telling
the old ones. For those of us who are not Lorekeepers, we
too learn by listening. Whenever two Ferals meet they
exchange stories. Whenever we Ferals meet for one of our
gatherings, any Lorekeepers whoare present will (orshould)
volunteer their tales.

Most Ferals know the most famous stories of our road,
some of which have become traditional. These include the
Birth of Caine (that is, his birth as a childe of the Beast, not

= aw)


asa mortal), the Fall of the Second City and the Lesson of
Ennoia. Some of these tales are cautionary. The death of
rist is such a one, as is the Lay of Shabago the Nubian.
We also have legends, perhaps not literally true but pos-

sesed of fundamental, philosophical truths instead

When Ferals hear these stories, we lear and we are
given comfort to know that our way is the true way — our
path the clearest and our hearts the purest. I would write
these stories down, but I fear what would happen were I to
be discovered. Some among us believe writing to be a tool
for the weak-minded, effete priests and cowardly rulers
towrite down what they would dare not say to another face.
Ido not deny that this is true for some, but neither would
I deny my willingness to meet face-to-face any that would
accuse me of cowardice.

Rtual

Our rituals are simple, bloody affairs. We revel in
the Beast, and these events are intended to show our
devotion to it

/e are not, as a tule, particularly attached to the
What I

practices that I have observed or that I have heard tell of.

nninutia of our rituals describe here are simply the

When two adherents of our road have a dispute — for
example, over a hunting ground — they usually settle it by
fighting, After all, the weak must necessarily submit to the
strong.

The Ferals observe two ways to do this, depending on
the importance of the matter at stake. If it is important but
not worth dying for, the fight will ion. Such
rituals are often held to determine who will Embrace a
promising mortal or who will lead a hunt. They are also the
usual means of resolving challenges for leadership of a pack.
Whenever the issue is not sufficiently important to justify
the loss of a pack member, such a challenge takes place.

be to subm:

A clear space is found, and the combatants enter naked
andunarmed. Depending on the seriousness of the matter, the
use of fang and claw may be forbidden, but powers of the blood
may be used freely. When a fighter is ready to admit defeat, or
when his opponent has drawn first blood, he bares his throat
to the victor. The victor then "throats" the vanquished,
nipping the foe on the neck.

If the victor loses control to the Beast at this stage, he
is considered to have lost his claim, even if he emerges
victorious in the ensuing fight (for whatever consolation
that may hold to the loser)

Fora more serious dispute, the combatants may choose
tolet their Beasts decide the winner. In this case, restraint
isneither expected nor given. The challenger calls out his
‘opponent and insults him, claiming that he is not worthy of
the Beast. The challenged must then hunt the challenger.
A time,
tooth and claw are not only permitted but expected. The

in, both must be naked and unarmed, but thi:

victor shows his opponent no mercy and may commit

diablerie upon the loser, takinghis Beastas well ashisunlife

ifhe desires.

~CHAPH

These duels are called over matters of only the greatest
importance, such as betrayal or theft of domain. A senior
Feral who calls out too many juniors soon finds himself
shunned by his fellows. There is, however, no particular
stigma in challenging an inferior. Ifa weak Cainite is foolish
enough to anger an elder enough that the elder feels
justified in challenging, then he deserves the punishment
that will surely follow.

Punishment

When we wish to punish a fellow adherent, we follow
two procedures: one for significant (but still forgivable)
crimes, and one for deadly crimes.

When a Feral has brought shame and embarrassment
upon us, but neither death nor harm, he may be shunned.
This is a less serious punishment that generally involves no
physical harm — we don't really care enough about the
opinions of others to kill or seriously harm our fellows over
what outsiders think.

‘The Feral being shunned is made to stand at the center
of a circle. His accusers then step forward and make their
accusations. The accused is allowed to speak. When all
have spoken, those who believe he should not be punished
step forward. If more remain outside the circle than within,
the accused is guilty and will be forced to run the gauntlet.
Alll present form two lines, and the guilty must walk slowly
between them as the other Cainites strike their blows.
Once the gauntlet has been run, the hunt begins. For the
remainder of the night, the guilty may be hunted and even
fed upon, but not killed.

In more serious cases, a similar procedure is followed.
Theaccused standsnaked in the center of the circle. The trial
proceeds as it does normally. If the guilt of the accused is
proven, he will be hunted by all assembled and killed when
he is finally brought to ground

Inall cases, the decision reached is final and will not be
rescinded, even if it is later found to be unjust. The strong
do not allow themselves to be brought low by false accusa-

tions. To do so is proof enough of one's weakness and is
cause enough for destruction.

Others

Occasionally, we wish to make it known to others that
they have trespassed upon lands
happens when a new Cainite tries to claim domain over one
of our holy sites. It is not always possible to simply attack and
destroy such individuals, especially when our numbers are
fewand when the offending Cainite has arrived with strength.

We firstoffera warning. Usually, something of value to
the Cainite is taken and held — a favored kine or retainer
isbest. We then send an emissary with a message telling the
Cainite to cease their activities.

sacred to us. This usually

If they cease, the hostage is released and harried and
chased back to safety. If they do not cease, the hostage is
delivered to the Cainite, one piece at a time. Then the
conflict begins in earnest. The message to be sentisclear. We
ask for little from our brothers, but we expect to be given that
litele and left in peace. To do otherwise is to invite disaster.

ER TW

OR ee es

SP

Ihave seen this procedure but once, but I doubt that I
will forget it. A local Ventrue lord had decided to claim
some caves on the coast of Normandy. The caves had a
number of paintings we have always held sacred, and three
Wardens banded together to abduct the lord's favorite
childe. I had the privilege of delivering the following
message: Abandon all claim to the caves and to all lands
within three leagues of them. The lord — a fool named
Guillaume — laughed at my message and demanded the
return of his childer.

So we returned his beloved Martin. It took three
nights, but I believe the steady stream of body parts,
delivered by a variety of animals we directed using the
powers of the blood, was most effective. I was somewhat
saddened to be forced to this course of action. Martin
himself was nowhere near foolish as his sire, and
indeed would have made an excellent (and respectful)
lord. No matter.

We used the beasts to besiege Guillaume's manor. We
trapped him within and destroyed all messengers he tried to
send. His territory was isolated, and we were patient.
Eventually we heard cries in the night, and we knew that
the Beast had taken Guillaume. We waited three nights
longer and entered. Guillaume had devoured his retainers,
and we found him, slavering and mad, in a corner of his
modest dungeon,

We set him free almost immediately. The hunt was
brief, but satisfying. His successor, a fine young Toreador
named Mathilde, has been much more respectful,

Celebration

We are Ferals, and our Beasts are our willing allies. We
setaside a number of special times to gather and revel in our
true selves. These gatherings are not formal, nor is atten-
dance mandated. But we enjoy gathering, to exchange
well as tostrengthen our bonds with each

stories and lore
other and our Beasts.
Wehave two formal celebrations, for blood and for death,

Blood

The midsummer celebration ce

brates blood. We
revel in the power of blood to give us power and vigor. We
gather at our holy sites, and the Lorekeepers recite the tales
of Caine and Ennoia. We then have a ceremonial hunt
Traditionally led by a Gangrel, to symbolize the wisdom of
Ennoia, we gather a number of mortals — the Children of
Seth — and set them running. The hunt is loud and wild
and the victims are run down and brought back, still living,
to our circle. There they are offered up to Caine. The lead
Feral throws the victims to the hungry throng, where they
are torn limb from limb as the revelers let loose their Beasts

and give themselves over to the hunger for mortal blood.
Sometimes the mortals are released a few ata time, allowing
their companions to watch. To bring the final kill to ground
is an especial honor and has been the cause of many fights.
Ialways amuses me to see two Ferals brawling while the last
mortal flees, but it has afforded me a number of final kills,
ould not complain


Death

The midwinter celebration celebrates death — the
death of our companions and the death of our mortal selves.
[cis an altogether more somber experience.

Again, we gather at a holy site. After vers
allbecome silent. One by one, as the urge takes us, we shed
our clothes and slip away in the snow. We do not return
until wehave made akill. It isa matter of pride to bring back
something large or challenging, butkilling other hunters—
wolves, foxes and the like —is forbidden. As these gather-
ings typically take place far from mortal settlements, and as
few of the kine venture out at night during the winter,
bringing back a mortal is considered a good omen.

es are sung,

When alll have returned, the corpses are thrown onto a
large bonfire and burned as offerings in memory of fallen
hunters, and in memory of Caine's sacrifice to God. In some
places, the offering is dedicated to older, darker gods.

Then ballads are sung to remember our friends. The
Lorekeepers take this time to sing new songs and to honor
the courage of the fallen.

Xvels

When a Feral has a hard victory or great success, he
may call a revel. These are wild and unruly affairs. The host
should ensure that there is plenty to hunt and plenty of
stories to tell. Victorious packs often call revels in order to
spread their fame and their boasts far and wide

We require no formal procedure fora revel, beyond a
hunt, Sometimes a revel is little more than a group hunt.
Other revels are more ritualized and may involv
Lorekeepers, fights and raids on small settlements. One
sich revel, in which I have participated several times, is
the Grey Hunt. This is a gathering of Grey Hunters
(Ferals, such as I, who inhabit the cities and courts) to
hunta chosen victim through the city streets. Man, in the
environment he has built for himself, can be a most
cunning opponent

Ministry

We do not take pains to spread our faith. We believe
that an individual will be drawn to it ifhe has sense enough
tounderstand his true nature and needs. If someone needs
tobe told about what he really is, then he is probably not a
good candidate for our road.

Nevertheless, other Cainites are aware of our road, and
it exerts an irresistible pull on some. They hear our
Lorekeepers reciting our epics or meet a Warden on the
toad or encounter a Feral as he hunts, and they marvel at his
freedom and his peace with his bestial side.

We are always ready to welcome a new member to our
oad. We have no formal requirements. When aCainite, be

heneonate or elder, wishes to take up our road, all he must
doisleave his old path behind and demonstrate that he has
gained mastery over the Beast. Usually, the Cainite will
spend some time alone in the wilds, taming the Beast. Some
are devoured by their own Beasts and become savage

hunters who must be destroyed. These individuals are no
for they lacked the strength to master themselves, but
they provide a salutary lesson in the dangers of letting the
Beast reign unchecked

loss,

In some rare cases, the supplicant may have help from
one of our number if he and his "mentor" have become
companions or have some other bond. Lorekeepers usually
perform this function, as they not only have knowledge of
how best to master the Beast, but also the ability to pass that
knowledge on to others. In truth, the help offered by such a
companion amounts to little. The ultimate strugele is against
one's own Beast to restore the proper balance to the soul.
Therecan be noalliesin the fighting of this battle, only in the
preparation for it.

Penance

Ir sometimes happens that one of our number falls from
the Road of the Beast. There are two common ways for this to
happen. Spending too much time in "civilized" company is
one, although I must assert that I do not find it much trouble.

Sometimes, though, a Feral will be forced to deal with
aptince ora court hierarchy, and this brings many potential
traps for the unwary. The need to hunt is lessened, and I
have seen more than one prince who thinks it somehow
beneath his dignity to hunt his own prey. Still others prefer
their vessels to be brought to them when drunk or drugged

they can share in the intoxication. Deliberately weaken-
ing oneself in this manner is not only decadent, it is
dangerous. Who can defend himself properly when drugged?
I is easy, especially for our more unsophisticated brothers
to find themselves caught in such situations. Drinking
poison is an activity in which mortals indulge, and we
would do well to recall that we are above mortals.

A Feral unprepared for the rigors of the city faces other
dangers than drunken Cainites, however. He may also find
himself staying his hand, or making concessions to others
for reasons of simple expediency. He might begin restrict-
ing your hunt or showing mercy to dangerous individuals
simply because he enjoys their company

When these afflictions befall a Feral (and they can
befall any who dwell near a city, not just those who move
in court circles) atonement and purification must be made.
Tknow a number of ways in which to do this.

A pilgrimage to one of our holy sites (which I shall
discuss anon) is perhaps the best way. This requires the
pilgrim to divest himself of all possessions, worries and
weapons and make his way on foot. He may meet Wardens
along the way, and they will direct and guide him. As he
travels, he will be forced to rely on his witsand his instincts.
By the time he has reached the site, he should have
recovered much of what had been lost

When a pilgrim arrives, itis customary to make a kill and
dedicate it to his Beasts a symbol of his renewed commitment
to it. He should nun his prey to ground and bring it back to the
site alive. Often, a Warden is there, to witness the deed (ifthe
pilgrim so desires). The pilgrim releases the prey and then
releases the Beast and lets it take control.


The pilgrim may then remain at the site until he feels
ready to leave. The journey back affords more time for
reflection and several more hunts at least. For this reason,
es that are at least a week's

Ferals on pilgrimage choos
ay
Some of our fellows lose

journey

themselves to the Beast
completely when attempting such a pilgrimage. Rest as-
sured that if such a fate befalls you, the Wardens will find
you and give you a swift, painless death

Here There be Beasts

Elsa,

The following catalogue ofsites holds out much promise. Of
course, | feel it likely that some of these sites ("Caine's valley" in
particular) are probably nothing more than especially intense
wellsprings of mystical energy. Still, though, suppose that such
A place truly does exist...

Xavier

We often visit our holy sites, to meditate or reflecton the
events and individuals that are important to us and on our
progress along the road. Other places are of import to us for
different reasons. Such placesare often difficult to find, as once
a place gets a reputation for being desirable (for example by
having few Cainite inhabitants but a plentiful supply of
mortals), it will in all likelihood quickly attract ambitious or
desperate Ferals all seeking a new domain.

Ina number of areas, powerful mortal and undead rulers
place pressure upon our domains. Some are being built into
cities; others are sites of mortal conflict that are becoming
increasingly difficult to inhabit safely. Regardless, we fight to
hold these places, and any Feral who wishes to join the fight

receives a welcome from his road-mates.

Thave listed some dozen places. These are a sampling
of the locations and sites we hold to be important. Were I
to write this list in a century's time, I do not doubt that it
would be different, as it would be had I written ita century
the places | mention are the ones that
occupy our thoughts tonight. The Wardens could doubtless
tell you more, as they are the guardians of our holy sites and
the watchers of our pathways.

Holy Sites

What then are the places we hold to be holy? They are
mostly the places where our forebears undertook great acts,
where the Beast was triumphant over our enemies and
where we now travel to draw inspiration when our strength
is flagging.

Many of these sites have rituz
other special practices or requirements for entry. Each usually
hasa Warden present (or at least, in the local area) at all times.
We guard these places jealously. They are held sacred to the
Road of the Beast, and we allow no one but the followers of the
road into them, with few exceptions. We do not wantour places

ago. Nevertheless

associated with them, or

to become pilgrimage destinations for the Cainite race at large
(and certainly not for mortals); they are our domains and we
intend to keep them. Interlopers who intrude upon them doso
at great risk to themselves. Desecration of such a site would lead
toone being hunted not only by the Wardens, but by all Feral.

Caine's Valley

Our most holy site is the place where Caine committed
the firstact of murder. Even those who deny their ancestry or
who claim descent from other forces are forced to admit that
the site exerts a powerful call upon the Beast.

The journey to thissite is longand dangerous. It lies in
ahidden, fertile valley in the northern reaches of the Holy
Land. The valley is said to be a remnant of the Garden of
Eden that God has allowed to continue to exist in memo-
riam of Abel and his pleasing sacrifice.

By all accounts, Ferals who find their way to the place
experience something unique. The Beast rages at first,
remembering God's curse. Then it becomes calm, and the
pilgrim feels the perfect balance between the Beast and the
on that is our ultimate goal —perhaps for the
first time ever.

Sadly, it is impossible to remain in this place. Al-
though it is lush and full of game seemingly ripe for the
hunt, it is said that no beast can be caught. They are too
swift and cunning. But no Cainite who visits feels the need
tohunt,and many donotreturn, simply remaining in astate
of bliss until they slip into torpor.

This tale comes to me from a Feral named Job, who is
the only guide to this site, and the greatest of the Wardens.
Job has never entered the valley, but he claims to have
watched numerous Ferals enter and to have heard their
tales when they have left — those, of course, who had the
will to leave

Ennoia's Theatre

It is said that when Ennoia left the Second City, she
wandered for 40 years in the wilderness, until she wassatisfied
that she had mastered her Beast. She then emerged and
began to teach the beliefs and doctrines of the Road of the
Beast to her fellows — at first, her Gangrel clanmates and
eventually, to any Cainite who would listen

It is also said that the place where she gave her firs
lessons was a small amphitheater on the outskirts of Ath-
ens. Tonight, it is a small ruin that is sometimes used by
mortal playwrights to show their works. It is somewhat
dilapidated but the structure holds.

The amphitheater has become a place of quiet pilgrim:
age, especially for Lorekeepets ot those who wish to become
so. To sit and meditate on Ennoia's lessons, even while
watching a performance by a troupe of mortal performers, i
a lesson in itself. In each mortal lies a seed of the Beast, and
their plays, though they do not seem to realize it, often teach
lessons we can benefit from. What isthe tale of Medea butthe
story of a woman who could not control her Beast and was
eventually brought low by it?

faculty of rea


We can only aspire to reach Ennoia's level of control
over the Beast, but by retracing some of her steps and
watching the stars and listening to the panting of the Beast,
itis said that insight comes more easily

The Warden who watches over this site is Helen, a
young Lorekeeper. She is well versed in the philosophy of
her mortal ancestors and has achieved considerable in-
Sights into the nature of the road. She and I enjoy an
inegular correspondence, which I believe brings great wis-
dom and other benefits to us both.

The Great Mosque at Cordoba

The tale of Shabago the Nubian is well known to most
Ferals. Once a follower of our road and a mighty warrior,
Shabaqo took up with the Cainite Sultan of Cordoba and
abandoned the Road of the Beast in AD 1005 to adopt the
ways of Islam. He specifically repudiated what he called his

bestial" behavior asa great sin that only the mercy of Allah.
could forgive.

The place of this conversion was the great mosque in
Cérdoba, once the finest such building in the world. Itis the
destination of many a pilgrim's journey, but it has seen
better days.

ForFerals who come to the mosque, the pilgrimage is well
worth the effort. Instead of a feeling of peace, the pilgrim feels
the Beast rising up in outrage and indignation. Ferals who
venture here understand the great error of Shabago and feel
assured that their path is the correct one.

Thave heard that some few foolish Cainites have been
overcome by their indignation and sought Shabaqo out
Thisis unwise. Despised though he may be by the Ferals, he
was Embraced centuries before the birth of Christ. If he is
tobe brought to justice for his insult to us, it will not be at
the hands of an enraged neonate.

We Mins of Bjorn's Long House

Ona small outcropping overlooking the fjords of Den-
mark liesa patch of burnt ground and the ruins ofa long hous
Thisis the place where Bjorn made his last stand.
toad. He kept the old ways and spent his summers raiding
the lands to the south. He was Embraced, by most ac-
counts, toward the end of the eighth century and left to
fend for himself. He quickly adapted to his condition,
mastered his Beast and redoubled his efforts, but he
directed them this time at the Catholic Church and
spread. He was unwilling to allow its poison and weakness
to spread and infect his people, so he dedicated himself
and his war-band to its destruction.

Eventually, he made too many enemies. The Ventrue

Finally, the Ventrue retaliated. They tracked Bjgrn to
hislonghouse and used mortal retainers to fire it. Bjorn was
protected in the ruins, and when he emerged, he fought his
last battle

He led his war-band out against his enemies. Although
greatly outnumbered, they fought gladly. Although they
knew they would perish, they let loose their Beasts and slew
their foes until the bodies were piled high.

But the Ventrue had planned carefully. They used a herd
of mortals to thin the numbers of the war-band and destroy the
weak and wounded. Then they allowed a number of their
knights to ride into the melee, slaying all but Bjorn

Alone and surrounded by the bodies of his war-band,
he bellowed his challenge. The Ventrue were determined
to break his spirit, but his Beast only raged the harder
Roaring his defiance, he leapt into the midst of the
Ventrue, intent on slaying path through their ranks and
making his escape

It was not to be. Though he laid about him on all sides
with his ax, itavailed him nothing. Overcome by numbers,
he was hacked to pieces and his remains left for the sun. The
ruins were left asa warning to all and are under guard by the
local Cainites, but many young Ferals, especially those
dedicated to the Path of the Savage, come here. They claim
to be able to still hear Bjgrn's Beast howling in defiance at
its enemies.

DesirableMgions

Some places are better for the Ferals than others. In
some cases, this is because the hunting is plentiful and easy
In others, it is because the land is wild, though this often
makes hunting more difficult. Most such places have been
claimed, but our domains are shrinking. As the princes and
their enemies politick and scheme and Embrace new indi-
viduals in a quest for allies and short-term advantage,
hunting grounds become scarce.

Iamcertain that this foolishnesswill come back, in time,
to haunt those who play the games of politics. In the
meantime, we all must suffer as the mortal herd expands its
sprawl and cultivation into our wildernesses and as the new
Cainites try to find places to claim as domain. I believe that
my own homeland of Iberia is a prime site for this. If the
Reconquista is successful, there will be much room for new
domains to be claimed. I would advise all my fellows who
wish to carve outa domain for themselves to travel south and
partake of the bloodshed.

Sberia

Iberia is the land of my birth, and I remember with
fondness the beauty of its landscape by day. The broad
plains are ideal for hunting of all kinds, and its mountains
and streams are abundant with wildlife and game.

More to the point, the Christian nations of Europe have
committed themselves to the Reconquista, and, knowing the

determination and fierce warrior pride of the northern nations
as I do, itis surely just a matter of time until the Arabs and
Berbers are pushed from our shores forever

Many ancient Cainites roam this land, dating from the
days of the Roman Empire and before. A number of Gangrel
inhabit the central plainas well. Some are taking part in the
Reconquista, but most are unconcerned with the doings of

eg

nd


hristian, Muslim and Jew. Many of these Gangrel follov
our road, as it favors their simple existence. They have
begun to realize, though, that many Cainites are entering
their hunting grounds with the intention of claiming per:
manent domain. I venture to say that Ferals of a warlike
bent who make allies of these Cainites will have every
chance of claiming and holding a domain from the lands
that are to be claimed from the southem kingdoms.

The k

mercenaries, crusaders a

agdoms of the north are also in a ferment. As
d priests flood into the peninsula
they bring with them Cainites with all kinds of agend
Followers of our road who prefer a courtly existence will
find that the princes of Aragon, re and C

very receptive to brash warriors who come tc

strength.

The Holy Land

The reader may wonder at seeing the Holy Land listed

where Ferals gather. A religious war that will

and the Cross and the Crescent are

as a plac
er be won ra;
1 into a bitter struggle. The r cauldron of
d chaos. Assassins roam the streets at night,
merchants ply their trade, and diplomats and soldiers and

nis
dissen

priests jostle for space as mighty armies clash
In such turmoil, the hunting is rich. For a Cainite
whose Beast simply craves bloodshed and carnage, I would
direct them to the Holy Land. The killing does not stop
when the sun goes down, and a mercenary
he feels the need to adopt one. If the

as his choice of

Feral does not mind hiding in a city, the hunting never
ends, and he can roam undisturbed

Followers of the Tariq el-Bedouin, or the Road of
in these lands. The followers of this road
share many beliefs and values with us, but do not be fooled
The Nomads are not your friends. Indeed, they
and to let your guard down if you meet

Nomad, dwell

cunning as we are
them is to invite your doom

The wilds of the region are far less hospitable than
those of Europe, however, so beware if you mean to
clear of civilization. The oases are small
and it is rumored that packs of Lupines and stranger crea-
tures roam the wastes. Strange, though, that werewolves
Jeserts, given that natural wol

ind far betwe:

could survive in th Ss stay
close to the fores
I need not say that the e of hunting such
ures, in their own homes, would be a great feat worthy
ave heard of no Ferals who have
undertaken sucha task, but] am certain that our Lorekeepers
would be only Kk to any who return v

rious from such an expedition.

Wales is still a relative idyll for followers of our
ntryside
are as devoted to the
cause of the
's for good hunting, but
t intrude on their b

erewolves hunt here
ly sites, for they guard


191 JU BuIOBUo say 10) pom
ayp Jo JWOD sy UasoY> aavY O1 UIAas OYM a1aWAL] pue
aostuniz | ay Woy) asva} 10U ‘AUeUL are siaBUEp ay ang ‘seaIe
soup Ul 994 PUR pfiM UNI se9q Aueyy "eruRaydsuRZ] pue
AreBunpy Jo sp] ayp aq pjnow yszeas v Yyons urBaq 02 a2UId
389q aU], ‘Surop si ay TeYAK puke dUOS svy JaasuETD qUAIOUR BY
arayA MOUy 01 ay] PJNom AUBPY >YOAK sty anUNUOD Jp]FYD
sty YBnoup ‘stead Yuasa: UL qUasqe Uda sey JNU

peo pur uepp sty Jo sia pip
sv ‘sroavopuo asaya UI WIY paple U9YO J9p|!YD SIE MOI
pur snoueooad uonezipiato jo rusuIYst|qeasa oy yeu pue
sr9os oyp Anrep :o]duris sea ABoveNs sypMUIY ISH AY

aaowial 01 spualT ay TE IUOAE
ue age sania pur saZey]ia paysi]qeaso pur spjay pez] 2yL
"spue] 3uIppiqio; pue py 2du0 asoyp ower or suaearyp
iy? oNezTIAID jo peaids otp asurese Apysiu Suyj33nns
are pooxg sty pue ay 1ey} pue ‘spuE] esau UT aWOY sty saxeUL
ginny wreyaryD jaxueD ay2 WYP UNoUy [Jom St I]

"[]98 se ypag jo UaIpLLYD
yp ‘paapul pur sure Jo UUpL!YD aup [pe 405 ang Aseag ay
Jo peoy axp Jo siaaio|]o} 10} A]uU0 10U ‘TeAvayda pesnyjod pue
orn qeaid Jo aaejd e axe adoung warseg Jo spue] aL

ddoang 119}903)

-spueyystpy ays ut owosjam snopne>
& puy Avur aseag aya Jo peoy au? o2 aouaraype arens
-uowop oym Aue pur ‘passaud azos are Aatp1 ang "poojq UO
iy Jo10U asoyp Jo Arem are pue a10jaq pacenag aq ary
AdYL "saIT]e sv tUOD OYA asoup UAda ‘S1apIsINO Or A[PUP|
ye 10U Op Aayp pue ‘aouay axe sfesag pueTYsIEY ay
-podpoysip Ajisea aq you
1! Aaup aoadsns ] pue ‘spueyysipy ap o1ur speom Supjeut
unio avy Aaya ang ‘santo ays UT parenuaduod q[Ns are
foyp 94 sy "purpsug uw sureWop sty pue semIpY suTEsE
sowiayps youNe] Or YorYA Woy pjoysuons ev se auunsaid 7
‘equopa|e |B Jo JoNUOD azias 01 WOH pawadu0s e BuPyEUt
udaq aavy Jopea1o], aya WAsMoOY ‘SIead IADAI UT

ayqeatiueyoun se preSax
0) awod aavy sapls Yao TYR s[eI2y au tua areprem penser
joareis 8 UL sIxa aWOY se s]]IY au UNE]D Osfe OYM Saapomaraa
josped aaj aup pur ‘sans sJoy [Jetus Jo 1aquunu e oy awIOY are
sypo] ay | ‘UoReZI AID JOsaBeawr som stp Woy aay Way aday
pur spur] ysiyaqp play 4|feuonipen aaey peor no josiamoyjo4
"yng Jo UIP] By 40y St a se UTED Jo UAIPPLYD ayp jo
ann se asnf st yp "strenqeyut atau jo 190193 axp pue Aanvaq
pe8Bnu sry 10 uMoUy are eEUOpayeD Jo spuE|ys! EY 24 |

QUY}}OID)

{aqanoe snon
-neoUl Jo TUSWOU B UT IseAq PII e Jo [Nope uN aay dat
ey pouuNsse St a pu ‘Burst o8 Yayo spenplarpur yons

40} ‘Asva BuruNY soyeUL sity] "sisasoy ay WHeos [Je a10UE pue
s1OUUTYS ‘SINTUNY ‘sIATINDPOO AA "Bea JO |]Ny SPIo}9.A0 Ay
snonnsiadns pur nywoy azz siuesead ay] ep pue uo]
systu atp pur pjia are spooa ayp ‘outed Jo pty e404
asidsap Soup stapesnuo pue yainyy ays we
yoeq ayiis pu ssatuapjin ayp antasad 01 9yBy atp pautol

~OMEMALEWHDS

aay ‘spo8 1apjo Jo syuepuddsep 10 ‘Aq paping aq 02 wepD
OYA sera ‘aatured v Aljenide s1 aAatfoq | Oya — gay
ay — sepeay jemunids ead v aavy suesed ay "Tyan ay
pre urewop sear wre puvadoing ur wopsury uesed ase ap
Jonsap 02 ysis oust ‘annua, jas
-sBurypeaa s,younyS ayy UT Ypte
popingsrus sioyp Aad ] se uoaa ‘uoneumuox9p pur Aayjemnug
nowp aarwpe | "1 op 02 [Je Woyp []Pj 02 aavy Aoyp jt UaM
spur] siup jo ajdoad ayn 02 sory ay? Sug 01 paurwiaap
aue sqysiuy Tuna] ay] "Is9M BY WOY STapeaut suRese
sea aBeaese Sunysy axe 9|doad ay 1 "suvsed ore Kaup ‘sie
— shea pjo auf aoyjo} [Js adoad ay azayan pue roedwi
dp y] apew sey uoNezipiard asaya pue] v st erUENKDT]

vinyngyy

SOUL ‘SAUTEED PWOS

‘yonuoo ay81 Jopun svore Suug pur
stapiog 410} suoneu JerOU! se UONeIUDUNTBaI pur LopIo
Burseaiou! Ut ang soeyD a[!149} UE IO par]Nsas axey AsoNb
-¥o> pur UoHezI[1a1> Jo saunssaad ayp ‘sadefd 90 Uy

-JoueYD BYP Ys!|94 P]NoMm | YBnoyp ‘er94 v yns
01 uayjods 4yjeuosiad r9aau aaey | "Iseag Hou 1940 Auaiseu
arewyH ayp aaey o1 wuE]D 11 Aan OYA asoUp INg ‘par2A0dsIp
aq Aayp ploys Yeap jryured ys uowpeur asoqy ‘opal
Haq Yat Un pure Jjom jo adeys arp auunsse o1 seag arp jo
Azaiseur srayp asn 01 sayaid staypo Lequio> apsus wi sourday
pal[Py aaey 02 wiye|> zaquanu ano Jo auiog "kay ayquioU est
Butataans Ajduis pue ‘S191 1 snosaSuep asour s,azmeu yu
s]pPis yoru Apysru day y "prom aya UI sxoquNY ws991—y amp
Suowe aue surewop saskaq-UOoU! ap UI |Jaxp or idwane
OYA s]e194 94] | "saajomazom O1 aUIOY axe WAYD Jo awog
asta pinoys
nod saoejd ayp aze asayp way? Yaruny & se s][PIS INOA ao},
0110 ‘pury no Buoume aBpasaid ures 01 ysis NOA J] saBuep UL
Ss} peor ano aray saejd aue asayp ‘asnes ayp jo ssappresay
-souaey 10 sould] jo uoHersayuy ue or anp aq AeuE
20 ‘saoutd ayp Aq Uo IYSNoIg s1>1yUOD ay 02 AJafOs anp ay
Avway yene spun are am aio saoeyd aye ase] Asay]

pryueg fo sogig

"rarsea oyp |ye SuNUNY ayeU pue ouN
jo areas v Ur Ysa, ap daay suoreg sopoq YstjSuq axp jo
‘suonepaidap 1ueisuoo ayp se ‘a]ax9s 01 saoe]d asoq atp jo uo
si siyp 2eyp 2Aat]9q | {[]4g "IIJUOS pure seas Jo suOrBaI 1aM0
Ur sn uo seoed uonezipato Jo yorew aup ueUp axow Yn
2OU ang "UaIBeWq YsfP/A\ NO UO AAYNoYgIP awIOs yuo} nd
sey "un Ut ‘sIyp ‘sauMonuys zoYpO pue suoeDY!I0§ pling oO
sqso10} a4 1ea]> pu sdo1 ox o1 ainssaxd ja9y sjeOW aaney
2yf ‘Uo Jeo YsyBuq oy asuese suBredwes ay sy

ayBtu auo aimeard e Yons 10} soe py, YouEDs |] | sdeyrag "
ane pue TaUNUEYDUD Jo SOS a]qIpAxdUT ]22 BAey Oy
asoup ang ‘auiaRy & paruny JaAdu aay | ‘Saye A Ul oats fatp
J[P) preay aaey J 10, ‘9e) ap are aur 01 asaza1UT a10w JO

and

"aq wayp 19] 01 1490 WARS
Ady, "soapomarom aya SuNUNY Warp Jo souOIs OU prEay
DAvY J 10, ‘MSTA SIU aTeYs Sape My JO SE19J yp 2A9]94 | 102
yp] ue Aap se Buoy se ‘pay aged | "yan ut pue ‘Sunprens
are Aatp Tey OU MoUy | "Aa1D019} payreuUN yr wo


It is possible, if unlikely, that Arnulf is aiding one
but I personally believe
he has left the area and is looking for allies in his cause,

Black Forest
The Black Forest is home to one of the most feared
packs of Ferals in all Christendom. The Schwarze Rudel

(Black Pack) is led by the Nosferatu Gregor, a fierce hunter
and warrior. I will speak more of his pack presently, for now

side or the other in this conflic:

let me tell you of their domain and why you might wish to
travel there.

The Black Forestis home to asizeable numberof Ferals,
mostly Gangrel and Nosferatu. The Schwarze Rudel claims
most of the forest, but a number of smaller domains escape
their notice, or so 1 am told

The Ferals fight a war against the werewolves here, and
they are slowly winning. The Lupinesare being driven from
the forest by Gregor and his allies, and unlike many other
packs, the Schwarze Rudel welcomes recruits. The test of
loyalty is as simple as itis effective. The new pack is taken
ona raid against a werewolf coven. If the new pack fights
bravely and survives, its members are trusted comrades.

Needless to say, not many survive this first test, but
those who do soon become hardened hunters. The main
danger, apart from the werewolves, is falling to the Beast
The Cainites of the Black Forest are notoriously lax when
it comes to observances and pilgrimages. Likely, this is
because they are in constant communion with the Beast —
for how else could they survive?

Russian Steppes

The steppes of Rusare home to many of our ilk, and for
good reason. Constant strife and the lack of a dominant
ruler mean no shortage of good hunting.

The Tzimisce pillage these lands relentlessly, which
keeps local rulers terrified and keeps their attention on the
marauders who would steal all their flock, not the lone
hunters who steal singly from it

Many
follow our road, but mostdo not. Even those whodoare difficult
to trust. They are born tricksters, and their Beasts smack more
of the cunning fox than the ravenous wolf.

wnosalso call these landshome. Some few ofthem

The greatest da
Baba Yaga. Not merely a creature of myth, I have heard
stories that she is in fact an ancient Cainite who makes her
displeasure known to any who offend her. Fortunately, she
seems to understand the needs of our kind, for I have heard

+, perhaps, is the creature called the

no stories of her attacking or destroying lone hunters who
take only what they need to sustain their existence

The other great danger (apart from the Tzimisce war
parties, which are easy enough to avoid) is the distance
between settlements. This land is perhaps best suited to
followers of the Path of the Nomad, for maintaining a
permanent haven can be difficult, with small isolated
communities and the suspicious outlook of the constantly
besieged. If itis isolation and simplicity a Feral craves, he
should make for the plains of Rus.

Paragons and Leaders

€lsa,

There is much of interest in the following. We must locate
And interrogate the Cainites listed here who still walk the
nights. Leonard and Chester Giles, in particular, pigue my
interest. Pethaps we should notify our chanteies in the Low
Countries and in England?

Xavier

Though each Feral must look to himself for guidance, we
have our leaders and exemplars, those who best embody our
beliefs and whose deeds guide us all. I have not had the good
fortune to speak with many of these exalted few, but the
reader deserves to know something of them. | will also write
of our most notable packs and our greatest enemies — those
who have abandoned our road.

Evemplars

Some Feralshave achieved great wisdom and mastery of
ourroad. We look to them when we wish to see how our road
should be put into practice night after night

Ennoia

Supposedly the progenitor of the Gangrel clan, Ennoia
is also widely reckoned to be the founder of our road. Even
among those who do not claim descent from Caine's crime,
to which Ennoia is linked by her years of company with him,
she is revered as perhaps the first exemplar of our road and
remains one of our central inspirations.

Ennoia focused much energyonspreadingthe Roadofthe
Beast farand wide. She taught its ways to many of ourkind and
twas responsible for carrying it to regions beyond the bound:
aries of Europe. After spending centuries learning about the
Beast and its true nature, she was truly its master.

We revere Ennoia by learning her powers of the
blood (some of which are still named for her) and by
still believe that she
watches over us from the wilds. I do not give much
I do not deny, however, that
such thoughts are attractive.

dedicating our hunts to her. Some

credence to such stories.

One of the reasons for our continuing fascination with
Ennoia, I believe, is the purity we associate with her. She
learned at the feet of the bringer of our curse and added her
not inconsiderable wisdom to his own, then shared it with
those who would listen. There is little I would not sacrifice
to meet with her for even one hour.

Charisse de Grey

Charisse de Grey is perhaps the most civilized Fer
one could ever meet. A rarity among us, she was a Torea-
dor who influenced our road greatly during her short
unlife. She graced the "romantic" courts of southem
France and northern Iberia for only a few decades, but her
legacy is considerable

Charisse wasa child of privilege and was married toanoble
lord in the Languedoc. Her life might have been joyous, butshe


vasraped and left for dead by crusaders slaying the Allbigensian
Jeretics (and anything else in their path).

She was saved, after a fashion, by a local Toreador
who had long been entranced by her beauty. She arose
from the wreckage around her and fled to the wilds. For
the first few years of her existence, she lived like a savage
beast

Teal

in the woods, mastering herself and coming to the
tion that the Beast lies within the heart of every
creature, alive or dead, She then reasoned that, if all
creatures harbor the Beast, then there was no reason to
shun their company or the places in which they dwelt. So
she returned to the courtsand pretended to the life she had
before her ruin and Embrace.

She became the most beautiful, ruthless hunter of the
courts we have yet seen. She regarded every fellow Cainite as
either prey or a fellow hunter, and she soon gathered around
hera circle of hungry predators who were only too keen to
hear her lessons about the Beast and to see the world through
the eyes of the wolf, hawk and hound

By seduction, by politicking, by manipulation, she
hunted and stalked. And when she had run her prey to
ground, she pounced with a ferocity that was fearsome to
tehold. At first, she hunted only mortals who offended
her, but soon this was not enough and she began to hunt
members of the courts she visited. Eventually, she made
sport of the Cainite Prince of Rouen. Her hunt was
unsuccessful, due to the intervention, it is said, of an
assassin sent to dispatch the prince. A terrible battle
ensued, and it is said that the assassin perished and the
prince was forced into torpor.

Charisse has not been seen in a court since, but the

legend of her grace and courtesy, her letters, songs and

poems are considered treasures of great worth

Rumors surfaced some years ago about a beautiful savage
inthe Pyrenees between France and Iberia. Some say that this
vias Charisse, gone to the wilds to recover from her ordeal and
to reconsider her place in Cainite society. Detractors of the
city-dwelling Ferals claimed that even she had need to return
tothe wilds to purge herself of the corruption she had incurred
inher time at court.

‘The matter was never resolved, as the savage was never
found. None knows to this night whether or not Charisse still
exists [like to think that she does, but I admit that this is a
wishful fancy as much as a reasoned conclusion.

Garakh the Untamed

Few can claim to have met this fierce nomad warrior,
and fewer still can claim to have shared insights about the
Beast with him. He remains a figure of mystery.

I will tell you what little I have heard. Qarakh was a
Mongol tribesman who was Embraced on the steppes of
Russiaand quickly adopted the Path of the Nomad. Hunted
byhis own people (for what reason, I do not know), he fled
west, to Europe

Qarakh isa mighty hunter. We all know of the ferocity
ofthe Huns, as well as their great patience and savagery.
Qarakth isno mere berserker, charging into combat heed
ofthe cost and prevailing by sheer force of ferocity. He is,

the stories tell us, a patient, relentless and utterly savage
cows his opponents and has an uncanny sense
for their weaknesses.

hunter. H

In recent years, however, he has vanished from
view. Few are so foolish as to believe that he has been
killed. I believe that he is in hiding, perhaps building up
a pack or some other force to strike a devastating blow
against his enemies

Leaders

These Ferals are those who currently give our road diree-
tion. Wetrustour instincts to carry ussafely and strongly intothe
future. Nevertheless, we know that the world is changing and
that direction isoften needed. These are the figures to whom we
look for such direction and clarity.

Leonard the Lorekeeper

Leonard was a quiet man when he lived, a Jew from
Poland. He was a merchant and a collector of stories from
the many seafarers who passed through his home, the port
city of Danzig.

I have been corresponding with Leonard for several
decades, and I know a little of his past. He decided to
accompany a caravan on a trade expedition to see the
worlds beyond his city, but a band of robbers set upon his
caravan, and he realized that his caravan master was in
league with the bandits. He was left for dead but Embraced
that night by a figure who asked him if he wanted ven-
geance on those who had betrayed him.

Leonard rose and took his revenge on the traitor,
tearing him limb from limb. His sire, a wandering Toreador
named Fyodor, invited Leonard to accompany him, but
Leonard politely refused. He then retired to the wilds to
understand what he had become. He struggled to reconcile
his Judaic faith with the Beast, but he could not. A
Lorekeeper found him, and asshe recited her tales, Leonard
realized that she had found a way to avoid damnation by
embracing the devil within.

Entranced, Leonard decided to devote himselfto learn-
ing and telling these stories, and he began the wanderings
that continue to this night, to learn all he could about the
Beast and to pass it on to his fellows.

Many consider Leonard to be our finest Lorekeeper. His
knowledge is incomparable, and his guidance is just and wise
He is a regular at our greatest festivals, and his rich voice
carries a song without need for accompaniment.

Chester Giles

Chester Giles was a commoner by birth, a woodsman
by trade and a Brujah by Embrace. None of these things
were his choice. Becoming a follower of the Road of the
Beast was, he says, the first important decision he had ever
made for himself.

His sire, a Prodigal named Hugh Fitzhugh, claims he
Embraced Chester because the clan was in danger of being
overrun by educated scholars who had lost touch with the
struggles and the plight of the commoner. I wonder if


Chester has disappointed him, forhis first act was to retreat
to his familiar forests and adopt the ways of the Ferals.

Rumors about Chester abound. I have never met him,
however, so I will limit my comments to the most com-
monly told versions of his unlife, He moved with the First
Crusade to the Holy Land, where he soon became one of the
Saracen's night terrors. Eventwally, a Banu Hagim assassin
was sentto hunthim down and dispatch him. The Assamite,
an honorable warrior named Massoud, announced his in
tention, and the two hunted each other through the streets
and alleys of Jerusalem for a fortnight before Chester
brought Massoud low. The battle between Chester and
Massoud has been the subject of several of our songs. The
Christian Cainites claim he and Massoud fought alone; the
Infidels claim he had help, and that he ambushed Massoud.

Chester took Mass and he continues his
hunts with redoubled vigor. It is cl
cares little for the cause of the holy Church, only for carnage
and death. That would make him different from the crusad-
ers themselves.

oud's Beast

aimed by some that he

He has attracted a small following of Ferals, They
appreciate his simple approach and his sensible alliance
with the powers that be that hasallowed him to do much as
he pleases without fear of reprisal. I believe that he embod-
ies much of the approach that will serve usbestas the realms
of man encroach on the wilds.

Wilhelmina

Wilhelmina is a fierce huntress of the northern lands.
A Viking warrior-maid who served as one of Bjgrn's shield-
maidens, she survived the burning of his long house by
being fortunate enough to be elsewhere.

When she heard of her war-band's death, she set herself
to the task of revenge. First she slew the mortals who burned
the long house. Then she began hunting down the Cainites
who took part. This quest has taken her across the length of
Europe, but she remains undeterred.

The lesson of Wilhelmina, and her importance to the
road, lies in her uncompromising pursuit of those who wronged
her. Many Cainites would not seek revenge against so mighty
aninstitutionas the Catholic Church, but thesize of her quarry
has only hardened her resolve to destroy it.

But I fear she has not been cunning enough, and the
Lasombra who move within clerical circles are not short of
cunning or ruthlessness, even if they do prefer to have
others handle their killing. In the meantime, we all thrill to
the stories of her latest triumph, and few Ferals would be
unwilling to lend a hand in her great hunt

Backs

Many hunters are solitary creatures, Some, such as
wolves, do hunt in packs, and we Ferals draw our inspiration
from the greatest hunters of the world. This means that we
often gather in packs, whether for mutual safety ot simply
for ease of hunting. Some packs have managed to accrue a
great deal of notoriety among the clans

The SchwarseBudel

The Schwarze Rudelis led by Gregor, a massive Nosferatu
who, the story goes, was a Teutonic Knight when he liv
The pack inhabits the Black Forest and is locked in a
struggle with the werewolves who live there. As I've said,
they appear to be winning this war.

Inhis mortal days, Gregor was known forhis temper and his
brutality. Indeed, he earned many a rebuke from his seniors and
was eventually imprisoned after an attack on a monastery he
claimed was withholding tribute from his liege lord.

act of revenge, Gregor was
rescued from his prison by a Nosferatu, who Embraced him
then set him loose, alone and uninstructed, into the night.
Gregor took quickly to his condition and soon mastered his
Beast. He seems to have no interest in his clan or his site,
and he moved to the Black Forest after hearing of the
werewolves who gathered there

He quickly gathered a pack of like-minded warriors
around him. Hislieutenant, Loris, isa Gangrel from Sardinia,
who was hounded from his native home, itis said, when an
arrow from his bow went astray and killed his prince's
favorite horse on a hunting expedition. Loris is the pacl
chief tracker, and it is said he is a formidable shapeshifter,
capable of running with wolves and (the legends say) even
werewolves without being discovered. No one knows why
Loris has thrown in his lot with Gregor. Sardinia is rich in
silver, and it is said that Loris left with a great treasure
certainly enough that he could easily masquerade as a lord
if so desired. Pethaps he simply loves the hunt.

Thave heard different reports as to the size of the pack,
from as many as a score of Cainites to as few as three. They
gather regularly to hunt. They spend their time apart from
each other in reflection or reconnaissance, as they search for
clues as to the werewolves' whereabouts and devise the
means by which to combat them

In what some say was ai

Many have speculated as to what Gregor and the
Schwarze Rudel might do once the Lupines have been
eliminated from the Black Forest. It seems unlikely that
their plan is to claim the forest for themselves, as they
welcome new packs and foreign Cainites. Those few who
survive their first hunt ofa werewolf are considered to have
proved their hardiness and are allowed to stay.

One thing is certain, though. Were Gregor to take his
pack elsewhere, he would have little trouble recruiting new
members or naming his price as a mercenary. Indeed, his
fame has spread far and wide throughout Cainite society,
and it is rumored that a number of princes and bishops have
secretly approached him with offers of rich rewards in
exchar

for services rendered.

The Hounds of Sheria

The Hounds of Iberia are, I must confess, a pack whose
motives and loyalty to the Road of the Beast I sometimes
question. Nevertheless, they are nominally of our road, and
their actions may have bearing on the fate of my homeland

The Hounds have dedicated themselves to opposing
the Reconquista. They are mostly Gangrel, Nosferatu and

nt Hagim. All are S
hoice

not trust them bec their

Jaim to be simply defending

mbers spread throu

wuthern Iberia, but they mec

and conduct raids

ment with their faith
their lands. They m
the taifa kingdoms in

uta num:
as, every few weeks to c
against their Chri

at least a grain of truth.

e been held for
convenient that they mostly raid the
arely (if ever) attac

betraying their fellows?
eader of the Hound:
Abdul, from
Embraced

\bdul, a powerful Gangr
at little intelligence I «
Gangrel
ast, not his
Ivation
The most troubling of them, however, is Jasmina, a
sted for her subtlety in planning and h
attack
Hounds' ferocity is unquestioned, and surely their
but I find their motives suspect. Fora true

the greatest cause and culture matters little,

targetsare worth
survival
xceptasa source of pleasures unavailable elsewh vuld

like ro know if they are being sponsored or manipulated. The

ly, I believe, to be
of Jasmina alone makes their

Banu Hagim are the most lil hind any

such moves, and the presen

nent all but assured.

JOININGA PACK
Nz all Ferals choose to join packs, but for

those who do, it isa moment of great import.
The advantages of pack membership are great, but so
are the responsibi S.

Being surrounded by other followers of the Road
of the Beast can be a great boon, especially if the pack
contains a Lorekeeper who can keep the members
entertained and educated with his store of legends and
lore. Our ways are unique and often misunderstood by
those who do not share our perspective. Running with
apack removes this problem. And many Ferals are not
particularly solitary by nature. Some join coteries of
varying roads and clans and find companionship
therein, but such individuals still need time among
their own kind. I believe that membership in a pack is
a great boon.

Yet, I must mention the disadvantages. It can be
too easy to succumb to the Beast if a pack is undisci-
plined and lacks a strong leader who understands the
nature of his own Beast and the tenets of our road. The
pack should be a way to gain understanding and com-
panionship, not an excuse for endless savagery.

Each pack chooses its own members as it will. My
best advice is to find a pack you wish to join and
approach a member. You will most likely be sorely
tested, butasa pack member, you will be entrusted with
the unlives of others, so the trust of your packmates
must be fairly, earned.


Apostates

Finally, | come to those who have abandoned our
ways. These apostates are remembered well, for they show
the perils and weaknesses that beset us all. The Beast has
no patience for doubt, so it is easy to fall from our road.
The lessons of the Apostates show us the ways in which
this can happen.

Shabago the Nubian

Shabago the Nubian is a figure we at once respect and
revile. For many centuries, he wasone of our finest, amighty
hunter with neither remorse nor, it seemed, weakness. But
he betrayed his faith by turning away from the Beast and
bracing Islam, claiming that he had committed mon-
mes and that only the love of Allah could redeem
his awful past.

Little is known of Shabago's mortal life, save that he
was a warrior priest in distant lands long before the birth of
Christ. He served his gods faithfully and was eventually
given the Embrace following a great battle.

The Embrace shattered his faith, and he wandered for
centuries, coming to terms with his new self and learning
He engaged in rigorous debate and
was always searching for new lessons and new means of
enlightenment. His wanderings took him far and wide but
eventually, they undid him, He came to the city of Cordoba
at the height of the city's glory and converted to Islam

e

strous

the lessons of the Beast.

For Ferals everywhere, the shock was tremendous
Shabago was one of our great exemplars, a magnificent
hunter and an implacable foe. His control over the Beast
was formidable but he was somehow convinced that only
Allah could save him from damnation, Our anger at him
stems mostly from his weakness. Many of those who fol-
lowed his example or sung his praises now feel that their
own judgment has been called into question, making them
feel that they have been taken for fools.

Shabago remains at large, and packs periodically try to
hunt him. None have succeeded, however, and I believe that
none are likely to do so. Shabago is still one of the greatest
warriors in Europe, and to search for him in his adopted
homeland of Iberia is great foolishness. His Beast will over-
come him in time, then we will hunt him down and he will
die without ever understanding his error.

Wilfred the Apostate

Wilfred's crimes are worse than Shabago's in many
ways, but he has made powerful new allies and is well
protected by them, It is to my everlasting shame that I
corresponded with him for a while.

Wilfred was an English monk, Embraced by a Nosferatu
allied with Mithras of London. A man of great leaming and
great passion that he kept tightly controlled when he lived,
Wilfred refused to be overcome by the passions of the Beast
and quickly adopted our road. I believe, in retrospect, thathe
never entirely let go of his faith in the Christian God, but
reasoned that he needed to follow the Road of the Beast until
he had mastered his impulses

During this time, Wilfred wasa great scholar of our road,

and he participated enthusiastically in our rituals. He als

corresponded with anumberofhis more learned companions
myself included — and his insights were acute

Yet, his letters and appearances suddenly stopped.
Rumors began to circulate that he was following the Road
of Heaven. It was said that he had mastered his Beast and
turned his face to God.

I believe that he fell to some terrible temptation and
lost faith in his own strength and ability to control his
darker impulses. So he turned to the faith of his mortal days
for strength and succor.

Wilfred isnot actively hunted at the moment, but! am
greatly concerned that his correspondences and diaries
should fall into the wrong hands. Allies among England's
Cainites protect him, but I believe action must soon be
taken to prevent our road being persecuted.

Serals and
Cainite Society

Elsa,

Much of interest in these notes. | believe they give many
insights into how best to control and manipulate the Serals. } am
sute te will be able to turn this information to our advantage.

J am equally sure that, were his fellow Serals to discover
these writings, Rodrigo would soon meet his end. We must find
him and persuade him to tell us more...

Xavier.

Alone among the other Children of Caine, we accept
This makes us at once

our desires and our true nature
objects of fear, loathing and envy

Some fear us because they believe us to be little more
than berserkers, ready to fly into frenzy at the slightest
cause. Like an untamed beast, they watch us carefully
rarely speak in our presence except to mutter meaningless
pleasantries and exchange pointless gossip

Others loathe us, for they do not see a way to fit us into
theirplans. They believe we are unreliable allies who donot
sufficiently understand the intricacies they hold so dear.
Indeed, many think that their plotsand schemes are vital to
the survival of ourrace and regard us as dangerous fools who

and

give not a thought to the long term. In this second assess-
ment, perhaps they are correct. The future will take care of
itself if we trust our instincts and act accordingly. The
former opinion is only partly wrong. We are not fools, but
we are indeed dangerous.

And, many Cainites do indeed envy us. Other vam-
pires entangle themselves in pointless schemes, but we
avoid the plotting and manipulation that infect our race.
We are at peace with our divided nature, and we strive to
accommodate all our needs and requirements. This makes
us free — free of political ties and most importantly, fr
the constant fear of the Beast. That is a fear we face and
master, so it loses its hold over us.


APlace to Call Home

So what is our place in Cainite society? Where do we
fitit? We are not outcasts, afterall; those in need ofa strong
arm and an uncluttered conscience often turn to us when
times are desperate. We can command a high price in such
matters, and rightly so

Outside the Courts

Outside the reach of the courts, in the wilds, we and
not the Scions rule. Ours is the path of harmony with the
Beast, and many of our adherents prefer to stay as close to
the Beast, and as far from the cities, as possible.

Most of our Gangrel members inhabit the wilds, matching
their wits against Lupines and faeries and even the bands of
mortals brave enough to attempt to hunt the hunter. Out
Wardens roam the Earth, searching for new places to hunt and
new places to celebrate our ritualsand host our gatherings. They
akobringnewsof the world, and especially ofnewand unknown
dangers that may take the uninformed unaware.

We do not make friends easily, but we understand the
value of allies. All Cainives know that no Feral will allow his
domain to go undefended or hisallies to goun-avenged. We
are regarded as good neighbors, if you like. It is not our way
toseek power and influence once we feel we have claimed
sufficient territory, but neither will we suffer others to take
our domain from us. I believe we are respected, and that is
exactly what we want. Friendship is a fickle thing, based on
pretty words and false deeds as much as on trust and genuine
fellow feeling. Respect, on the other hand, is held no matter
what the other thinks of you, so long as your actions make
you worthy of it. And no Feral would act in such a way as to
be unworthy of respect, so itis there that we place our trust.

Our Lorekeepers are equally respected, for they bring
newsof the world to those who might not otherwise hear it.
Their penchant for collecting stories means that they often
know what is going on in distant lands. For this reason,
Lorekeepers are often made welcome in the domains of
others. Ferals generally allow them to pass through their
lands without interference, usually only demanding a song
or poem as tribute.

Followersof other Roads who exist in relativ
are usually also receptive to traveling Lorekeepers. Their
news and information is always valuable, and if the
Lorekeeper can be coaxed into performing a lay or reciting
anepic, a memorable night's entertainment is in store.

Within the Courts

The situation is much different once one enters the
cities and courts. They are not, by and large, our natural
place, but some among us — myself included — believe
that the growth of cities will continue, no matter what
efforts we make to prevent it. This growth occurs at the
expense of the wilds, so itis simply a matter of waiting to
be driven from the forests.

This does not mean that we have abandoned our
traditional ways, nor our love of and need for the wilds. I
simply means that we are wise enough to understand that

isolation

-)

aio i Ne ee seco
re HAPTERTWO. *

those in the courts are extending their grasp over the wilds
however indirect it might seem at the moment. If we wish
to keep our domains secure and ourselves free from subju-
gation to the wills of others, we should hunt our enemies
and our potential enemies in the places where they gather.

Once a Feral's road becomes known to members of a
court, it is common for reactions to the Feral to change. A
certain distance or wariness may well creep into their dealings
with the Feral, As I noted earlier, civilized Cainites often feat
usand not, | might add, without good reason.

With the fear and envy of other Cainites in mind, we
try to keep some distance between ourselves and the machi-
nations and maneuverings of the court. This is not always
easy, and I will admit that "civilized" Cainites, especially
among the High Clans, are often skilled and subtle manipu-
lators who seek to use us in their schemes. Many among us,
in all likelihood, would not even realize that they had been
made pawns

The best approach is simply to trust one's instincts. Ifa
courtier seems honest and straightforward and instinct says
to trust him, then so be it. Ifa courtier seems dishonest and
manipulative, treat him as such. Any request that makes one
feel uneasy or uncertain should be refused (or at least inves-
tigated further before one accepts). Because of our reputation,
one rarely risks giving offense with such a refusal, and rarely
risks making an enemy

The courts house some skilled manipulators who are
experts in feigning trustworthiness, though. How can one
know whom to trust, especially when all seem honorable?
The best answer, I believe, is to let the Beast decide. When
a Feral is uncertain of another Cainite, many ask their
potential ally to accompany them on a hunt. When hunt-
ing, the Feral sets the Beast loose. Then the Cainite's true
face will be revealed and their worthiness may be judged. I
suppose that some schemers might hone their skills and
their control of the Beast, but such individuals — unafraid
of the Beast, in control of it and certain of their physical
power — are exactly the Cainites we respect and wish to
ally with.

Itis impossible, of course, to avoid all entanglements.
We move among our cousins so that we can maintain
control over our destinies. The best way to do this is to give
loyalty and respect only to those who truly deserve it

Revenge and retribution for slights, betrayals or attacks
should be taken, regardless of what the rest of the court, or
even the prince, might think. We do not exist at their beck
and call, and we should not apologize for our actions. Strong
retribution will only make others think twice before attack-
ing a Feral or drawing one into their schemes. This is how
it should be.

The Traditions of Caine

The princes claim they are bound to uphold the Tradi-
tions of Caine. These Traditions are explained to all neonates
who are brought before a court, but as most followers of our
road do not participate in the courtly dance — and as many
have had no introduction to the Traditions of our kind froma
sire or mentor — we often violate the Traditions simply by


gnorance. While the forest-dwelling Fer: im that no prince
holds dominion over him, the princes hold and keep power for a reason,
and woe betide the prideful Feral who blusters too loudly in the domain

of Mithras or Lord Jiirgen.

The First Tradition: Covenant

Most followers of our road hold that the First Tradition
speaks a fundamental truth of our existence. We carry the
Curse of Caine, which is the Beast within. In truth, it is both
punishment and blessing, as the Beast gives us our existence
and the power to hunt. '

Some among us, however, claim that the Traditions of §
Caine are buta fiction used by the princes to legitimize their |
own power. These Ferals say they respect only stre
only princes who hold their domain thrc
and personal command, not thre
tions. Others claim that Caine shunned all
civ ion after the disaster of the Second
undead should follow his example, wandering as Caine did
and holding no permanent ha

And some of us claim the story of Caine is false in eve
detail. These ate our brethren, mostly from the far north and
east, who claim that any connection between our race and the
religion of the popes isa jest in poor taste indeed. They say that,
if Caine truly exists, then they would revere him as the most
powerful of our kind, not asa hope of salvation or redemption

The Second Tradition: Domain

dition. Indeed, ng a domain or hunting ground is
a fundamental concern for all of our road's adherent
A hunter is as nothing without a hunting

and the ability to hold a domain is paramoun

War of Princes re he

This may be one of the reasons v
reports in recent decades of small pac
forming to collectively protect al:
way, I suppose, each member is ak
space tohunt, whiledrawingon th
to defend it.

We do not tolerate intruders in our domains, of
course. If an interloper can identify himself as a
Warden or Lorekeeper, then he will be allowed to
pass through unmolested. But other travelers are not
velcome, and the nights of Ferals allowing strangers
to hunt in their domain, even if only fora f ours,

We city-dwellers have much smaller domains, of
course, but do not think that we guard them any less
jealously. As more Cainites rise to stalk the nij
and as they crowd into the cities, defending an ut
domain becomes increasingly difficult

The Third Tradition: Progeny

We have litle respect for this Tradition, but we do
not of 2 Still, to allow totell
uswho, howand when we maysire isto greatan incursion
on our actions. We Embrace who we will, when we will.


In practice, this is rarely a problem. My own efforts
time proselytizing,
andweare generally uninterested in creating large broods. The

notwithstanding, we do not spend mucl

Cainites who do so generally wish to be protected from rivals
andthink that creatinga cadre ofchilder to protect them isthe
answer. Ineed not say how often jealous childer band together
todestroy an overbearing sire.

When a follower of the Road of the Beast does wish to
Embrace a mortal who
without hesitation or consultation. The childe is usually then
lefeto fend for himself ora time. If he cannot, he was not truly
deserving of the gift in the first place. Ifhe holds up well under
the newfound challenges of unlife, his sire sometimes returns
and instructs him on his new path.

s deserving of our great gift, he does so

The Fourth Tradition: Accounting

We claim responsibility for none save ourselves. To
allow oneself to be held accountable for the actions of
another would be antithetical to our ways. This is why we
donot give our childer much, ifany, help. They must find
their own way, and any faults or crimes they commit must
clearly be of their own making

This isnot to say that we never help our childer, or that
we abandon them to the machinations of the princes
Amulfs brood lends him aid and supports his crusade
against the enemies that threaten us all, but they do so as
, Not as servants for whose actions he is

respected equa
responsible

The Fifth Tradition: Silence

Wefeel no need to hide ourselves from the mortal herd.
Wedo not fear them, nor do we share the princes' fears. We
do, however, actin accord with this Tradition, but for reasons
of expediency. The wolf does not hide his nature from the
sheep, but neither does he parade himself about the flock
before the hunt. To do so would be foolish, and would only
alert the shepherd and make the hunt more difficult

Ido not deny that some few of our number enjoy such
sport, terrifying their prey before striking. But to do so is not
normally our way, and itis surely a sign of degeneration.

The Sirth Tradition: Destruction

This Tradition isa farce, pure and simple. It isa tool, used
by princes in a vain attempt to protect themselves from
enemies they are too weak to fight, or too afraid to confront.

That is all. We hunt as we will. None shall gainsay us
that right.

The Dogs of War

Since the fall of Constantinople, the princes have been at
var with each other. The death of Michael's Dream has
<hattered their foolish belief that Cainites could build a sanctu-
ary or new world that Cainite and kine could share. Fools! We
already share the night, asthe wolfshares territory with the flock
ofsheep. We take our prey when our hunger demands. Itis good
thatthe Dream hasbeen shattered —perhapsnow the Children
of Caine will awaken to the truth.

Michael built from the wrong principles. He wanted
Cainites to master the mortal world before we had mastered
ourselves. He did not understand that the Beast is what brings
us low, evenasit raises us up. Only by mastering the Beast can
weachieve thestability ofthe soul needed to thenbuildastable
society. As a result, his Dream was a castle built on shifting
sands, and when its foundations — the childer and allies he
depended on — succumbed to the uncontrolled urges of their
Beasts, everything came undone.

The Cainites of Constantinople were unable to even
curtail the mortals who came to their city with dreams of
slaughter and booty. They were unable to convince the
Cs
destruction in the first place. If the greatest work of the
about this goal, then surely

ainites of other cities to come to their aid or to prevent the

greatest Cainites cannot brin;
it is a fool's task.

The princes, in their blindness, are making the same
mistakes as Michael, but they are making their decisions in a
panic. Even though Michael wrong, he built his dream.
carefully and slowly. The modem princes are building too
quickly, and their dreams will fade and fail with equal speed.
This is why our road, with its small ambitions and
theself, is the only true way forward for our race. Butwe cannot

focus on

ignore the world we share with others.

We are often called upon to choose sides. Do we
support the prince or the pretender? Do we wish to join the
cabal plotting against the Bishop? Do we surrender to
politics or do we give in and become what we despise?

These are vexing questions, and I know of no easy
answers. I do not believe it possible to remain at court and
yet be unaligned to the various factions that are hatching
their schemes. If we wish to avoid these political choices,
then we must leave the cities and return to the wilds. There
we are able to lead simple existences, surviving by our wits
and the strength of our will

But as I said, I believe the days of the unfettered
wilderness are drawing to a close. The princes wish to rule
everything, the wilds included. They threaten our holy
places, our sacred gatherings and our very domains. They
wish our fealty and loyalty. At the very least, they w
identify us as either friend or foe, for they do not believe in
— and they will not allow — Cainites who are simply
uninterested in their battles. More and more, they are forcing

us all into camps variously for and against them.

Ido not believe it is necessarily fatal to our road to join
this war, as long as one is aware of what one is doing. Indeed,
I believe it may be possible to use this war as a way to
advance our cause, to gain recruits to our road and to make
alliances and allegiances that will protect our interests and
advance our goals.

In time of war, the Beast is allowed to run free. Despite
what the princes might think, and despite their pretensions
of being able to bring down a foe through political machina-

tions alone, in the end matters always resolve themselves

through bloodshed or threat of bloodshed

Thatis where we can gain advantage. Wecan become the
force behind the rulers. We can demonstrate, through our
mastery of the Beast, that we are the troops to use, the assassins
to send and the hunters to loose upon an enemy. We can also

cs panies 3 a ea

show that our way is best. The more we are seen asholding the
keys to immortal existence, the more Cainites will come to us
forhelp and guidance. And the more Cainites who take up our
road, the safer our ways and our places will be.

How then does one decide whose deadly weapon to
become? The morals or beliefs of a prince ora plotter matter
not. These are just the convenient lies and fictions they use
to make their ambitions sound as if they are for the good of
all. In truth, Cainites only seek power for its own sake. If
helping some, or hurting others, is the way to gain power,
then that is what will be done

So one should observe one's fellows and learn about
the most powerful among them. But remember, in politi-
cal circles, power may take other forms than personal
might. A web of allies, well-advanced plans, even influ-
among the kine can all make substantial
contributions to an individual's power when fighting a
political battle. So we choose carefully, and we choose
the strong. The weak are the snakes who will betray their
allies at the first setback. This is a trap that snares many
Ferals. Complex plans and networks of spies and inform-
ersare the hallmark of the betrayer. Their plans too often
go awry, despite the care with which they have been
constructed, because of the unreliable nature of the
plottersand their minions. Iris certain that someone will
lose control of their Beast and bring the scheme into
great peril, if not immediate failure. Best to follow simple
plans laid down by strong individuals who are unafraid to
take direct action against their enemies.

ence

[believe that leaders such as these should
equally directly. Fealty should be offered for a price. Loyalty is
the most valuable gift a Feral has to offer, and its value should
be made known at the outset. To ask for nothing in rerum is
to say that you place no value on your service. A Feral should
drive a hard bargain, demanding certainties and promises.
Then, the Feral should demonstrate his ferocity and not shirk
his duties. That way, when the leader's plan comes to fruition,
the hardyally will be free toclaim the benefitsand rewards that
are his due.

be approached

And ifan ally's plan comes to naught, I do not believe
that running and hiding is always wise. The bold Feral
presents himself to a former foe and offer his services. It is
wise, of course, to arrange an escape beforehand. But if the
Feral has earned his former enemy'srespectasa loyal andbold
fighter, there isnoreason why aise victor should notaccept
his service. After all, do not other Cainites specialize in
shifting allegiances and understand the value of an ally who
has already proven that he will not abandon his allegiance
until its defeat has been ensured?

The Wolves at the Door

Those who are aware of our presence in the courts and
cities may wonder how we keep ourselves free of the
entanglements and corruptions our brothers who dwell in

the wilds so fear. Indeed, some among those who shun the
cities claim that we are not "proper" followers of the road at

Il, or that our practice of it is somehow debased. The very
fact that I am writing this account would not pleas

of them, believing as they do that writing is just another
symptom of the weakness of civilization. Ifa tale cannot be
remembered, they believe, it is not worth retelling. If words
are written, they will be seized and manipulated and used
against us.

They are wrong, of course. Weare so little understood by
the courts that we are often placed in danger for no reason.
"Blame the Beasts," the court often cries, and it is unclear
whether they refer to the Gangrel or to the Ferals, or whether
in fact they bother to draw a distinction,

But the cities are growing and will not be stopped. We
must learn to adapt and make them our new wilds. Indeed,
[have found many unique pleasures for the Beast in my
hunts through the city, many new challenges and satisfac:
tions that have brought peace to my soul. Does not the wolf
seek out its prey where it is most plentiful? Does not the task
of outwitting the shepherd make the eventual kill all the
more satisfying?

It is in our interest to make others realize that they
follow foolish roads. Our very presence at court shows them
that we are not mindless savages and our mastery of the
Beast shows them that we, alone of all other Cainites, walk
the true road that will preserve our existence. Most of the
Cainites we deal with are far too involved in their own plans
to pay us any heed. (Indeed, many dismiss even those of us
who attend court.) There are those who watch us closely
indeed, though, and who may come to appreciate the
wisdom in our way, in time

The relationship to the court is of great importance,
particularly to the prince. Many princes are worthy of
respect. After all, they hold power and influence over a
pack of scheming Cainites who are all seeking to advance
their causes without a care for the cost to others. Such
princes should be supported as a loyal pack member sup-
ports the pack leader.

Other princes are weak, mere puppets for unseen
masters, who may or may not be present at court. These
should be paid all courtesy but given neither trust nor
respect. A strong prince can be dealt with. A weak prince
cannot give promises or assurances unless his masters ap-
prove, and without knowing who those masters are, how
can his words be trusted?

And for those of us who move among court, the hunts
that are to be had are magnificent. We take little joy in
politicking but find much in the hunt for a favor or a prized
mortal. I have even heard tell of secret packs of Ferals who
hunt the members of their court and take their Beasts at
hunt's end, but I know no more of this, and I would hope it
to bea falsehood

TheMads

We understand that not all Cainites are wise or strong
enough to follow our road. We believe the followers of other
roads to be misguided. In some cases, they are near to the
truth, but in others, they are far from it. But we must relate
tothem, and here are my observations from my time at court

with these Cainites.

Bad of Heaven

According to the followers of the Roa
condition has some divine purpose. Some say that God
chosen to burden us with the Beast and itsattendant hungers
as a test. Others belie re being punished for sins
committed while we lived, or that we have been made into
instruments of God's wrath. Some even believe that we are

en tessengers
hese possibilities might be the truth, but we
of knowing, and God hasnotseen fit to tell us
s plan is s6 subtle; so unknowable that it is enacted
svery Embracé no matter how spontane:
ous or how well-planned, then thereseems to be little point
in worrying about it:

In short, the followers: of the Road) of Heaven are

tion atbest. Weare not what we once
were. Our humanityis gone, replaced by the Beast. This is
our core now. W the true, knowable
facts before us rather thant into pointless meta-
physical exploration or speculation

[believe that the followers of this road are Cainites wh«
are unable to face the realities of their nature. S
all, were devout in life and have simply continued in their old

habits. They do not seem to understand thatall the purpose

they need can be found in the arms of the Bea

& Wad of Humanity

Those who walk the Road of Humanity are
perhaps the greatest fools of all. The other roads
at least accept that we have me something
else, that the gift of Caine has transformed and
extinguished our conn to mortal man.
Not so these fools. They believe that they are
still human, despite their condition.
Do mortals drink blood to survive? Do
mortals fear the touch of the sun? Can mortals
run with the dof the hart or hunt by scent
like the hound? How.can anyone answer these
questions truthfullyandstill believerthat they
are human?
tion is a subtle force, | hav
‘ainites who admit the truth of the:
assertions ahd yet maintain that) th
human nonetheless. These fools take their
self-deceit-even further. They claim that
the Beast is some otherworldly force th
them to ‘commit monstrous acts
y attempt to keep it locked away, 0
‘mittingitsome small release and
ting themselves with the pretty lie
that, after all, no man is perfect, that the
small sin is preferable to the great. They
seek penance through good deeds.
I can understand the
are of his herd. But
starve himself because he feels that in hi
heart, he is a sheep?


Bad of Kings

The Scions come close to true wisdom but
short. They believe — rightly. that we have been set
forever apart from the mortal herd. They believe in force of
arms and strength of mind. They strive to master the Beast,
just as we do.

But their reason for seeking dominion over the Beast is
that theysee itasan impediment to theirplans. They are like
moneylenders, carefully"¢alculating how much power to
expend on a task, figuring the return and plotting their
movements. The Beast is seen as an unwanted agent of
changeand chaos. They fear thatitwill slip its leash and bring
their careful calculations undone.

Itimately, the Scions have decided that their role is to
rule over others. But they do not-truly rule themselves.
Instead, they try to lock the unruly faction, the unwanted
claimant to the throne, locked away in a dungeon. But this
bastard heir knows the secret passageways and the ancient
paths. It despises what is being done in its kingdom and will
seek to bring these plans tumbling down in ruins.

Bad of Sin

Ofall the roads, thisone isboth the closest tooursand the
furthest from it. The Sinners embrace the Beast wholeheart-
edly and do not shrink from its urges. They act directly and
follow their instincts but are not incapable of subtlety

But they believe that sating their desires amounts to the
full meaning of their existence. Perhaps they believe that
God has abandoned them. Perhaps they are unable to resist
the Beast and give im-t6 it wholeheartedly. It matters not. If
they were contentito Keep their decadence to themselves,
they woul' Baar, ean. omttingd

Theydo not; however. In their weakness,\they suc-
cumb to the Beast. In order to keep it from taking over
completely, they seek to'amuse and pleasure it withever
more bizarre and decadent experiénées. This satisfies the
Beast and makes inhungry formoré, so they trapthemselves
into a destructivecycle of ever-greater depravity.

They have not reali#éd tharOne should never give in
to the Beast. It is one thing to guide it, to direct its passion
and fury as we do, and quite another to simply submit. The
Road of Sin is a path to damnation, nothing more. Perhaps
some of its followers could be saved if they were taught the
Road of the Beast, but to be honest I doubt it. And making
the effort would likely be more risk and trouble than it
would be worth

The Clans

Cainites commonly divide the clans into two groups—
the High Clans and Low Clans (or at least, the High Clans
divide the clans so). I would dispute these classifications,

butnevertheless they are widely accepted. Forconvenience's
sake, I will adopt them also.

The High Clans

Asagroup, the High Clansare not terribly well disposed
toward our road. They are the clans who value order and
hierarchy. With thatsaid, many of the individuals from these
up the Road of the Beast in the belief that one must
first master one's self before mastering others, The Brajah
and Tzimisce, in particular, have an affinity for our road,
which I believe we should encourage.

stal

VBrujah

My clan prides itselfon its scholarship. Indeed, we are
philosophers and warriors, and the Beast lies close to the
surface in all of us. Why this should be the case is a mystery
tous, buta surprising perceft of ourclan walks the Road of
the Beast. The immediacy. 6f ourlown Beasts constantly
reminds us of the needite control putaurges.

Those of us who follow, the Road of the Beast have
become our Road's-most prominent and prolific scholars
We believe that by émbraging reason and instinct in equal
measure, we can approach the unity of the soul that Plato
spoke of. Thus, weedivide.our time between the refined
pleasures of the mind'arid of society and \the primal plea-
sures of the Beast alivays seeking to balance these aspects
of our soul.

Those "Zealots" who follow other roads struggle end-
lessly to control themselves. It is clear to us, after many
decades of observation and argument, ‘that their souls are

When Cainitescholars gather, the Brujah debate matters
ofphilosophy. In such eases, we Ferals put forward our case most
strongly. Forall our talk ofrevolution andradical thought, many
members of Clan Brujalvare pompous, windbag bantlings. We
Feral Brujah are different. We state our case boldly. We answer
questions directly. And ifthe clash of ideas becomes a clash of
bodies, weare only too willing to demonstrate the benefits of our
mastery of the Beast.

Cappadocians

Ah, the Clan of Cappadocitis) Ff@spect their knowledge
andleamning, [respect their wisdomand influence. respect their
dedication to theirgoals. But they are So coltl! Noteven the hot
blood of a fresh kill can warmn their icy-flésh.

The Cappadgcians would do wellito learn from the
example of my own ¢lah. We téoiare Scholars, but we are
also warriors. We do not deny out violent urges.

The Graverobbers study death. Pethaps they should
study the power withinrthar gives them life instead. One
does not learn to hunt by studying the kill, By the time the
prey lies dead, the hunt isover, and what is there to learn?
A hunter learns by stalking and striking.

Ihave only ever met one Graverobber who followed our
road, She said thar shéhad grown weary of her clanmates and
their obsessions with corpses and graveyards) By denying the
rage of the Beast. within, she claimed; the clan was transform-
ing itself into a collection of zombies.


Her clanmates thought her decision signified her ulti-
mate failure and defeat, but she realized that it was a new
Riith, Inceime; she leamed to balance reason'and instinct;
thought and passion. She lairs now in a remote mountain
valley in the Alps. We correspond perhaps once a year, and
her insights are most remarkable.

Lasombra

The Magisters are a clan of clerics and manipulators.
The values they represent are almost directly antithetical to
those of our road. We value individual action, trust in

instinct and disdain scheming and manipulation.

Scheming and manipulation, however, are the
Magisters' stock in trade. I know of no Lasombra who have
turned to the Road of thé Beast) though I suppose some
night exist. If so,'bam sure-theit brethren-would consider
them outcasts.

The Lasombra struggle for power within the Church
and, through that institution, to influence both mortal and
(e Many of them profess to.worship the God of
the Church. These Magisters are deluded fools. By trying to
please God by suppressing their urges, they prove not that
they are virtuous, but rather that they: are hiding from
themselves.

Others cynically hide their depravity behind the ritu-
alsand litaniesof the Church. Theseare just as contemptible.
Rather than face the truth of theif condition, they pretend
to be agents of the Devil or Caine, or even of their own
ambition. Never-do they admit ‘that the Beasts fuel their
appetites and their Hungerfor destruction. They try instead
to beat it into submission through ritual and distract it by

nite affairs.

scheming endlessly.
If you encounter a Lasombra, the best way to ruin his

shemesis to coax his Beast into frenzy. In theirpride, they rarely
night happen should they give vent to

sop to consider what
their urges, and that shortsightedness can ruin them.

Loreador

The Artisans present an interesting conundrum. On
onehand, their obsession with the great works of literature,
architecture, painting and art marks them as effete snobs
who care little for the natural world, so rapt are they in the
works of man. On the other, they revel in the sensual
asures of the kill

Very few Toreador follow our toad, as the majority of
the clan (rightly) regard it as uncouth and uncivilized. Yet
some few realize: that the Beast is the Source of the passion
they feel for art:

Many Toreador could be made to see the virtues of the
Beastifonly it were explained to themproperly. Many of this
clansuppressa dangerous) vicious ide. Thiscomes, of course,
from the Beast, and thie savagery ofa Toreador who has been

provoked to frenzyisa terrible thingtobehold. Ifwe could but

show them how to guide the Beast-with)a light hand they
could be impressive Ferals indeed:

In the meantime, do not underestimate the usefulness
of Toreador allies. Many of them appreciate the beauty of

the hunt and lust after a satisfying kill. Sharing these
activities is a good way to show the essence of our road and
secure their friendship.

LTsimisce

The Fiends have a number of followers of our road
among them. This is understandable:‘They have close ties
to theirland, and they brook no challenge to their domains.
They also have a great éepaeity for cruelty and decadence,
ind this sometimes hdlds them back from a true under-
standing of the Béasty

The only Feral Timi
toivode named Zaid. I was sojourning in Paris, and Zavid
was on an errand whos¢ nature he would-qot disclose. We
hunted together through the slums of the great city. [twas
an unnerving experience, He transformed is shape into
something akin toa greathound, but with elements of both
ape and lizard as well. He slipped his Beast free of its
shackles immediately and ravaged a\number, of peasants,
drinking his fill and then reveling in the power the blood
gave him. I ws hortified but also fascinated The Gangrel
may assume the shape of the hunter, but the Fiends can
apparently wear the face of the Beast itself.

We should encourage the Fiends to adopt our road
whenever possible. Not only are they formidable hunters,
but they have a strong power base in the eastern lands and
are dedicated to halting the spread of the Church and its
"civilizing" virtues.

el Hayé met in my travels is a

Ventrue

Next to the Lasombra, the Ventrue are the clan with
the least interest in the Road of the Beast. Ventrue are
obsessed with temporal power, and their attempts to con-
ceal that obsession beneath a veneer of noblesse oblige do not
fool me. The Patriciafis mostoften Embrace nobles, crusad-
ersand wealthy,merchants. The only use mostiof them had
for the wilds when they lived was as a soutce of power and
perhaps game for hunting. Now thar they are the Children
of Caing, they have even less interesty'seeing.the wilds as
dangerous lands full of Ferals, Lupines and faeries)

Aswith the)Lasombra, I suppose-there must be a
Ventrue somewhere}who follows ouf toad, If lwere ever to
meet hims would bedelighted to rest his control over his
Beast. Never forget that this is che clan thar extends its
reach into areas that have long been denied them, the clan
that seeks tobringorderand the rule of law to every corner
of creation. There is no place in théir rigid, ordered world
for us

The Ventrue are not to be trusted. If one claims to be
a follower of our way, test his commitment before giving
your trust. If you have any doubts, drive him out

The Low Clans

The Low Clans provide the bulk of the road's men
bers, with the Gangrel and Nosferatu being the clans who

most often embrace the Feral way. But in truth, the road
is common among the other clans as well, as by and large


none of them place an excess of faith in formal hierar-
chi

ahead of the value of fitting in with

s, and they stress the value of controlling the self

Cainite society at
large. The only real exceptions are the Assamites and the
Tremere, both of which have a somewhat unique perspec-
tive on our condition.

Assamite

These warriors are fierce killers, and for that they have

‘our respect. Some follow our road, but others follow an

assassin's code.

This code must serve them well, for their patience is
legendary. This makes themeformidable foes. The hunter
must often lie in. wait for his prey and the Assamites are
careful and methodical m their methods.

But behind their cold fa
demeanor furks the Beast. | saw onesof these killers
ighting oncé. She remained completely silent through-
out the battle, She used the powers of the blood sparingly,
but to terrible effect: Her control over her emotions was
chilling. Buel feat thather clan's rigid adherence to their
strict code hias robbed them of something. They revel in
death and violence but deny:the Beast its release

de) and their. assassin's

This seems foolishand dangerous. The Beast's appe-
tite can only be strenigrhened by bloodshed. Eventually,
it will slip its leash, no matrer how tightly it is held. Does
not the hound need to be set free to bring down the hart?

Thave been told thatthe A all themselves the
Banu Hagim, after their progenitor. Perhaps bowing before
‘one's master helps keep the Beast in its cage. But no Cainite
t. They would do well to

mites

has a greater master than his B

recall this.

Followers of Set

The children of Set are so close to true wisdom.
They are not afraid of the urges their Beasts give them,
but their obsession with serving their god blinds them to
their true potential.

Their skills in the hunt are formidable. They have an
uncanny, untervifig serise for thelr prey's:weaknesses, and
they know all to9 well howy best'to exploit them But instead
of destroying their enemies, or taking their prey, their love of
pleasure brings themuntdone. They charm and beguile and
seduce. They wish to bring more servants before their god, to
weaken the citiés and kingdoms so that they may more easily
spread their influence and pave the way for his coming.

In truth, we rarely encounter the Serpents. Those
few of our brothers who hunt amang the courts and cities
sometimes meet them. They keep their distance, not
because they are threatened by the Setites, but because
we Ferals are not interested in-the things they offer. And
we take no_particularpains"to_hunt them down. If
civilizations-were to fallyit would not hinder us much.
Followers of other roads feet differently, of course.

I believe that they follow their own unique religion,
dedicated to the service of Set and the spread of decadence
to prepare the way for his return. I know not whether this

isactually their goal. Ido know that they weaken their own
Beasts by giving themselves over to lives of decadence and
soft pleasures. That is reason enough to avoid them.

Gangrel

Of all the clans, it is the Gangrel who are the most
closely associated with the Road of the Beast. I believe that
we Brujah have a special affinity with the road due to the
particular savagery of our Beasts, but we also pursue affairs
of the mind and are more than willing to move in civi
circles. The Gangrel disdainythe works of man to a far
greater extent, and you willfind very few among the courts

of princes.

Gangrel- whogfollow-our ‘road rut—pattictlar risks
however™Every timecthe:Anitnals loose the) Beast, their
appearanée Becomés-more bestia Thus, after dnly a few
centuries, aparticularly vicious Gangrel may render himself
virtuallyuftrecoghizable as anything other. than a monster.
This, in‘tupn, makés\it moresdifficult for themytd move in
social circles, furthenisolating them from the mainstream of
Cainite spetety

I fear that iftth8 Gangrel following our road do not
somehow take this situation undercontfol, theywill isolate
themselves completely from their fellows. I doubt that
manysee thisasa problem, but their greatest failing asaclan
is not to realize that knowledge of other Cainites' doings
gives one protection against them. | fear that this will one
day come to haunt them.

Lhiannan

The Druids are largely a mystery to me, I must confess,
bur their ancient ways do not preclude them from following
the Road of the Beast, almost to the exclusion of all other
roads. Their ancient faith surely does not acknowledge
Caineas their progenitor, but they are nonetheless what we
would call "Cainivés? dnd are Subjeét fo the whims and
urges of the Beast

I doubt thar they"Would identify their ways with the
Road of the Beast, but the fact remains that their prac
tices are essentially the-same and thagjgome few Druids
take part in our ceremontesind celebrations. They are
fractious and [territorial-among themselves, and they
have suffered téfribly at the hands of th Church and its
Cainite adherents. As opponents of theRoads of Heaven
and Humanity, one could not ask for more willing or
implacable all

The Lhiannan often @aéher in packs, and they have
great knowledge of the wilds and their inhabitants,
including the werewolves and the fae. One night I must
seek them out. Their ancient wisdom on these and
other matters should be recorded and shared, lest it be
lost forever.


Malkavian

I confess to often being discomfited by the presence of
Malkav's childer, but the acuity of their insights can startle.

Madness can be veryveffeétive\at stripping away
pretense and the véneer df civilization and "civilized"
behavior. The Madmen ate often given direct insight into
their true nature. I believe that when Embraced, they stare
into the eyes of the Beast, and the Beast stares back.

Madness is the resiilt, but somehow they find the
srength to resist its urgings, Weal hear the call of our
Beast, but I believe that in the'case of the Madmen, the
Beast does not whisper, itshouuts. For this very reason, many
find themselves falling into its arms2Some succumb en:
tirely and are lost forever. These unfortunates are usually
hunted down quickly and given the mercy of a quick death

Others search desperately for away to drown out the
constant howling of their Beast, which gives them purchase
against it, enough to resisbits urgings and maintain some
control of themselves. Italsodrives them to the extremes of
madness that we all fear.

Nosferatu

I have little but respect for the Nosferatu. They wear
the mark of the Beast on their skin always and stand apart
from Cainite society as alresults Many of them turn to the
Church for comfort and scourge themselves in an attempt
toatone for the sin they believe has brought their cursed
state upon them

Others have more sense.' They face the Beast every
time they see their reflection or watch a stranger recoil.
This drives them to-embrace and understand the Beast, so
that they may-understand and master themselves.

I regularly'cortespond with a numberof Nosferatu who
follow the Road of the Beast. Theirobsession with secrets
and information makes them most worthy correspondents.
Their condition and their affinity with animals gives them
anumber of unigue insights into the Beastand our relation-
ship to it. If nothing else, they haye ‘transcended the
obsession with appearances that plague so many of our
fellow Cainites, If the Gangrel are the heart of our road and
the Brujah are its mind, then I believe that the Nosferatu
are its soul

Rivnios

Thave never met a Ravinos, atid I am in no hurry to do so
Ibelieve some of them follow ouFtoad, and that among the
Feral Charlatans, the Path of the Nomad is especially popular

In many ways, the Ravnos should be consummate
Ferals. They are largely nomadic by‘nature. They reject
the rules of courtly society: Théy have a penchant for
deceit and trickery that is used to-mock the lordly and
the pompous

But | wonderif their often-lighthearted way of unlife
allows them to truly understand the, Beast. Contending
with our nature is @ serious task, and their relatively
carefree existence does nat lend them the will to truly
master the self and yet give the Beast the release it craves.

Tremere

The Usurpers also presenta puzile for us. The Gangrel
and Nosferatu despise them for theirabductions and experi-
ments, to say nothing of the venom the Tzimisce reserve for
them. As the former two clans most often roam alone, in the
wilds and without allies, they can be easy targets for the
hunting parties sent to scour the-wilds for servants and
experimental fodderA dark fate indeed awaits those unfor-
tunate enough to fall into-their elurches:

And as thé Gangrel and Nosfératu they capture are
most often followers of our road, theyaté usually regarded
asenemies. But [helieve they could betome powerful allies,
At the very least, many of their numbér, especially those
who have been Embraced for their martialskills, not their
abilities as mages, wouldl he ‘very intgrésred in learning
about our road;

The tight-knitstriictuce of theiF lag thakes it ideal for
the Road of the Beast. As membérsof argiant "pack," they
would test each other but also give full vent to their
destructive urges. I believe it could bring an end to their
vicious experiments. After all, if the Beast must sate itself
with torture and vivisection, we can only expect their

murderous behavior to continue. But if the Beast were to
gain regular satisfaction then theit faculty of reason would
be better balanced.

Factions,
Paths and Offshoots

We must make ita priority to find and intervogate as many
Wardens and Lorekeepers as possible, They hold much informa-
tion that would be of great use to us. The Grey Hunters, on the
other hand, could teach us much about the courts and how best
to gain influence without compromising one's independence.

Xavier

The Road of the Beast, as | hope | have made clear, is
not a group of supplicants bending their knee to a remote
god. Rather, it isa collection of individuals whose essential
beliefs are similar and whose similarities outweigh their
differences. | have spoken often in these missives of "Ferals"
or the more clumsy "followers of the Road of the Beast."

Ihave concentrated so far on the things that unite us,
the beliefs and values and stories we hold in common. |
wish now to turn my attention to some of the things that
mark the differences between us. I have spoken of the
Wardens and Lorekeepers and those Ferals, like myself,
who live among our fellow Cainites in the princes' courts
Ihave mentioned the Paths of the Nomad, the Hunter and
the Savage

I will now explain each of these, that the reader might
understand the great diversity we encompass. We are a
changing group, and these are the constants in our exist-
ence. [have traveled much, and sometimes speak with our
Lorekeepers and Wardens and with Cainites from lands
far from the settled heart of Europe. But any sensible


Cainite is guarded, especially when it comes to discussing
matters of such fundamental importance. What I offer are
my observations and impressions, nothing more.

Wardens

The Wardens are the keepers of our sacred places and
the guardians of the roads that lead to them:

Many of our number prefer to wander. Others feel
drawn to a particular place of importance to us —a sacred
site, a particularly rich hunting ground or an ancestral
forest, for example. These individuals often become War-
dens. They charge themselves with protecting and
maintainingasite, or with patrolling the pathways that lead
from one to another. Such pathways are a kind of common
domain for those Wardens who guard and patrol them. Any
may hunt, as long as he is known to a Warden. Newcomers
are advised to travel in the company of sucha Warden until
their names and faces become known.

Wardensalso serve asinformation-gatherersand some-
times couriers for such missives as might travel from Feral
to Feral. Unsurprisingly, many Gangrel choose thisstation,
asit allows them to lead simple existences faraway from the
worst excesses of civilization. Many followers of the Path of
the Nomad are obviously drawn to becoming wandering
Wardens, for similar reasons. They can perform work that
brings them into contact with many Ferals, and so advance
their understanding of the Beast, without the worries of
constantly intruding on the domains of others.

If one wishes to become a Warden, one simply as-
, patrolling a road or guarding a site (or
joining those who guard an existing site). If the supplicant
performs these duties credibly, eventually the word spreads
and in time, the would-be Warden will be asked to lead a
hunt. This marks one's acceptance as a Warden. Their
network is no more formal than this. Many Ferals drift in
and out of their ranks as their whims and travels dictate.

sumes the duties

Their most important duty lies in controllingaccess to
the sites they guard. We are not withoutenemies, and some
of ourplacesare containers of great power. Greedy Tremere
mages, mortal wizards, Lupines and faeries (notto mention
ignorant Cainites of all stripes) may wish to gain access to
these places and use them for their own reasons. The
Wardens have developed a number of techniques to deter-
mine the true intentions of the visitors they must deal
with, but do not let the informal requirements for "mem-
bership" deceive: The job they perform is vital, and the
dangers they face is considerable.

Loreheepers

Lorekeepers tend tospend much of their time with our

mightiest heroesand greatest exemplats, but this is only the
most visible part of their duty. They also spend time in
company with adherents of clans and all degrees of devo-
tion to our ideals. The Lorekeepers are our priesthood, if

you will, and they spend much time not only telling tales
bur also in conversation and debate with followers of the
road, probing and testing their knowledge and imparting it
to others. Their verses and songs teach many lessons, from
how to quiet the Beast when it stirs to how best to maintain
some control over it when it rages. The timely words of
Lorekeeper have saved many a Feral from the Beast —oran
excess of conscience.

Most packs seek to include a Lorekeeper among theit
numbers for just such a reason, as well as to have someone
on hand to record their deeds. A pack can avoid many
needless and wasteful challenges and losses of members to
the Beast ifa Lorekeeper ison hand to help members when
they are struggling with their bestial urges.

Similarly, wise Ferals often seek out a Lorekeeper
when they are struggling with the Beast, hoping that a
wise word will help them. When we gather, for a night
before anda night after the event, Lorekeepers remain in

the area and receive many visits from those whose faith
is in crisis or who feel the need for some direct advice

Aswith the Wardens, the Lorekeepers have no formal
initiations. One simply starts learning the songs and com-
posing new ones. When we gather, songs and poems are
offered up and those who perform them well are highly
regarded. Ifa Feral learns much of our body of lore, and is
often asked to perform at gatherings, he might be accounted
a Lorekeeper.

Lorekeepers are not librarians, however. In order to
increase their store of knowledge, they travel far and
wide in search of new adventures, new insights and new
storie

Often, a Lorekeeper will join or accompany a
Feral pack or a band of adventurers in the hope that they
will achieve sufficient prowess or notoriety to be worthy
of a song ot an epic

Our earliest Lorekeepers were Northmen and Celts,
but the romantic courts have produced a number of fine
singers and poets in recent years. Some have attracted
criticism from more traditional Lorekeepers for writing
down their compositions. | understand the reasoning be-
hind such complaints, but I am sure the reader will not be
surprised when I say I cannotagree with them. Oncea thing
iswritten down, itis available toall, and understanding can
more easily grow. Knowledge grants power, after all, and we
must spread our knowledge or perish.

Lorekeepers often meet and exchange songs and tales,
but they area fractious and competitive lot, and many save
their best new compositions for our larger gatherings. The
competitions between them are marvelous events to be-
hold, especially when a master Lorekeeper is unveiling ¢
new composition and is accompanied by musicians, or

when a notable bard sings without any accompaniment at
all. All who are present are not only well entertained, but
they may, if they listen carefully, learn of the goings-on
elsewhere in the world, or f
their road.

in some new understanding of


Nore Gangrel Einherjar

The Gangrel of the north follow a road they call the
Road of the Slain (Via Einkerjar). This road is very similar
to outs, and I have been debating with a number of my
colleagues whether we should regard the followers of this
road as fellow Ferals or not.

The Road of the Slain is a curious mix of religion and
practical belief. Asl understand it, like the Road of the Beast,
thefocusofthe road ison controlling the Beastso thatiitsrage
and power may continue to grant us power and fortune. But
unlike our road, which teaches that the Beast can only be
nastered from within, by imposing one's will upon it, the
Road of the Slain teaches that the way to control the Beast
isto follow the traditions of their Norse heritage.

These include some customs of honor that many Ferals
would scoff at. The einherjar do not believe in stealing or
asking for help, neither of which a Feral would regard as
sinful. Likewise, while some Ferals do boast of their prowess,
the einherjar consider it a sacred duty to do so. Yet in other
areas, they are remarkably similarto.us. They abhor coward-
ice,are loathe to shirk a challenge and do nothesitate to kill
when necessary.

The common link in all these is the practical nature of
theGangrel. Afterall, the founderofthe clan pioneered our
sible that the ways of Gangrel in other
be similar.

road, soit is only
lands should

More to the point, I believe we should make eimherjar
welcome at our rituals and gatherings and regard them as
fellow Ferals as far as is possible. They are mighty allies, and
their insights into the Beast, though somewhat different
mm our own, are no less valuable as a result.

Mongol Anda Nomad

Our Gangrel brothers report thata bloodline known as
the Anda split off from their clan some centuries ago. Of
Mongol descent, the Anda have recently re-entered Europe
asthey accompany the armies of the Huns.

Ibelieve we can make common cause with the Anda,
andthat the similarities between our road and their religion
vill provide us with the bridge to do so.

Their way is called the Road of the Yasa (Via Yasag, in
Latin), My best translation is "Road of the Clan." This road
has much in common with the Road of the Beast, and also
with the Road of Kings. Not unlike the Road of the
Enkerjar, the Road of the Yasa places great importance on
mastering the Beast and using its power to bring glory and
success, but it does so by adaptingsome of the traditions and
customs of the mortal culture from which it springs. These
include protecting one's herd, family and honor, which to
many Ferals seem too much like mortal ethos to be comfort-
able. However, the Anda make a point of not lingering in
any one place, and so bear a curious resemblance to the
Ferals who walk the Path of the Nomad

Again, we should make the followers of this road
welcome. With the proper inducements we should be able
to direct the fury of the Huns so that it will do the most
damage to our enemies and yet deny them complete dom
nation of Europe. Ideally, we can weaken both sides
sufficiently that we Ferals will be able to hunt freely and
without impediment.

Path of the Hunter

Ferals whose focus lies almost solely upon their role
as a predator follow the Path of the Hunter. Hunters are
uninterested in finding a balance between the B
their other faculties, or in the insights into the soul
offered by the presence of the Beast. They hunt, and that
isall.

Hunters are generally solitary, and they usually
dwell alone in the deepest wilderness they can find. Of
all the Ferals, they are the ones who contribute most
directly to the stereotype of the mindless beast stalking
the forests, killing or driving off any who intrude in its

and

domain

They can be lured from their domains, however, by
the promise of a challenging hunt and a rewarding kill
They are often recruited by other Ferals when a particular
enemy is proving difficult to remove. The simplicity of the
Hunters' worldview often provides useful insights and
surprising wisdom

The path developed comparatively recently, and
its founder is generally reckoned to have been Manfred,
a Saxon Gangrel who reveled in the hunt both as a
mortal and as a Cainite. He refused to be deflected
from his greatest pleasure, and he saw the Embrace as
a means by which to become an even greater hunter
Rather than become involved in the affairs of his clan
ot his road,

he retired to the estates of his mortal
ancestors and played a game of cat-and-mouse with
his descendants for over a century, picking off their
greatest hunters and daring them to find him. He only
gave the game up when his family was driven from
their land by invaders. He has since retired to the deep
woods of the north, although he supposedly journeys
south to run with the Schwarze Rudel in the Black
Forest sometimes.

Most Cainites will never interact with a Hunter
unless they are warned off a domain or witness an
attack. Those who are aware of the path consider it
little more than an excuse to give in to the Beast almost
completely. As a result, Hunters are not well regarded
by Cainite society (not that any Feral truly is). They do,
however, command respect from followers of the Road
of the Beast, who often admire the purity and simplicity
of their approach, even as they acknowledge that it is
not a path that they themselves might follow.

=

=~

————

Path of the Nomad

Ferals with an incurable wanderlust often follow
the Path of the Nomad. Heavily favored by Malkavians
and Ravnos who follow the Road of the Beast, it teaches
that the perils of civilization are best avoided by re-
maining forever on the move. Settling
— claiming a permanent domain — is seen as equiva-
lent to placing oneself in a cage. They believe that the
Beast gives them freedom, so they refuse to let them-
selves be hemmed in or tied down to any one place.

down in an area

The path also hasastrongascetic streak, believing that
an excess of possessions (usually considered as anything
beyond the basic tools needed for survival, such as weapons
and those few possessions that can be carried on the person)
only serves to strengthen one's ties to civilization, Extrem-
istsdisavow all possessions and un through the nightnaked
and free.

Nomads make up the great majority of those War-
dens who patrol the pathways between Feral sacred sites.
Others serve as messengers between other Cainites, who
tend to regard them as eccentric but useful. The fact that
most are illiterate, or at least uninterested in the poli-
ticking the missives they carry might involve, makes
them trusted messengers. For their part, the Nomads are
content to take such commissions upon themselves, but
none would dare take up a regular route. Rather, they
will announce their next destination and offer to take
messages that lie along their route. They generally desire
no payment except free passage through the lands they
intend to traverse. It should be noted, however, that the
more extreme followers of the path regard such work as
a great betrayal and a terrible concession to civilization,
actually aiding and abetting its spread

The Nomads have been around since the earliest
nights of the Road of the Beast. Indeed, those on the path
who have an interest in such things generally claim to
have been inspired by the examples of Caine and Ennoia
After all, did they not wander alone in the wilderness for
long periods in order to master their Beasts and gain
insight?

Nomads are also the most solitary of the Ferals, They
are happy to travel in company from time to time, but their
refusal to become tied down (to anything) often makes it
difficult for them to become tied down to a traveling
companion or pack

Path of the Savage

The Savages present a difficult conundrum for the
Road of the Beast. Of all the road's paths and offshoots,
the Savages embrace the Beast most directly. But they are
also seen as short-sighted, brutal and mindless killers with
nothing to contribute to Feral or Cainite society, and they
face frequent calls for destruction and banishment.

The Path of the Savage is as old as the Road of the
Beast itself, perhaps founded at around the same time as

the Path of the Nomad, and for similar reasons. Some
Cainites who heeded the lessons of Ennoia took to heart
the disasters of the Second City and came to the conclu
sion that the problem lay not with the fractious nature of
Caine's brood, but rather with the institutions of civiliz
tion itself. They then dedicated themselves to the
destruction of all civilization and organization larger than
a village.

Savages are particularly prevalent among all the
Ferals from the north of Europe, with their traditions of
raiding and Viking, but there are also a surprising number
of Feral Brujah who subscribe to its tenets. These Brujah
believe that the most fit course for both mortal and
Cainite alike is to return to an unspoiled, natural state.

Tomost Cainites, the Savages are prehistoric throw-
backs to a bestial past best forgotten. Their war-bands
and raiding parties are pursued and wiped out whenever
possible. They are seen as little more than pests to be
exterminated
little more complicated. Most Ferals admire their dedi-
cation to a basic interpretation of their condition, but
they abhor the violence and extremity of their lifestyle,
The Grey Hunters, in particular, hold the S:
complete contempt, a feeling that is warmly recipro-
cated, Indeed, most Savages do not regard Grey Hunters
as true Feralsat all and will not hesitate to kill them if the
chance presents itself,

Path of the Grey Hunter

Tam whatmany would calla Grey Hunter. We take our
name from Charisse de Grey, the greatest hunter of the
courts who has yet lived. I have spoken of Charisse already,
but I will now speak more of those who follow her ways

It is not always easy fora Feral to thrive in a court, but
Charisse showed us how. She was a creature of studied
elegance and enormous grace. The key to our survival is to
realize that, while the courts offer pleasures unavailable
elsewhere, they are not necessary. That is, we must never
lose sight of the basic needs of the Beast: the hunt, the kill,
the trust in instinct

For their fellow Ferals, the position is a

avages in

I believe these insights give us a crucial advantage
dealing with other "tamed" Cainites. They hide behind
their codes of conduct, their laws of God or their belie in
their own essential goodness or wickedness while we press
our claims forward, unencumbered by such pretenses. We
strive to divide our fellows in court, as Charisse did, into two
categories: Prey is to be mercilessly hunted
until they are brought down and offer up to us whatever we
want from it, be it blood or favors orsomething else entirely

Rivals are to be warily circled and stalked. We take it
as fundamental to our continued existence never to tun
our backs on a rival and never to show mercy or respite —
not unless some gain is to be had

orey and rivals

Some of our number have taken it upon themselves to
act as advocates for Ferals in general and are actively
trying to spread an understanding of our ways so that we

might gain some degree of influence. I believe that the
first part of this plan is well advised, but I do not believe
that political influence, beyond that needed for personal

security and survival, is a worthy ambition. Perhaps I am
mistaken in this, but I do not think so

Recently, the "Grey Court" has been assembling for a
hunt. Thisisourcelebration, and itinvolves hunting through

the slums of a city in search of a nominated, marked prey

Elsa,

This concludes the useful information; culled from Rodtigo's
Yocuments. | have been in possession of these for some time
now, but] have been collating and taking additional notes. But
‘more information may soon come to hand; we have captured a
captain named Gerard, who claims to have strayed from our
clan's great struggle by embracing the Road of the Beast! | must
Attend his interrogation and ensure that he confesses all.

J will write again soon.

Xavier

The chantry lay in ruins. Qarakh stepped forward.

"A good night. Much blood. Good hunting." He sniffed the
air, "But there is more to come."

He looked down at Gerard

"You are weak. You were caught. You spoke." He looked
at Liolya, then at Rodrigo.

"This is my price. My Beast still hungers. I will hunt this
one. If he survives, he is free."

Gerard stood. His body was mostly healed, but his mind
was still veling

"But we came to free him," Liolya protested.

"This is my price. Would you stand in his place?"

‘Liolya.... let it go. You taught the boy well. Ie is not long
until sunrise. If he is crafty, he may see another night." Rodrigo
had a peculiar gleam in his eye

Gerard spoke

"understand. | am a Feral, and | am bound by the hunt
Alllow me one minute's lead, then let the hut begin."

Qarakh nodded. It was hard to tell, but he seemed im-
pressed. He nodded to Gerard

"Run."



"4,

BAPCER*CBREE: ft
SYSTEMS
| AND ADVICE

Andthereforebeyealle hunters, and ye shal doaswisemen
Edward, Duke of York; The Master of Game

Advicefor Playing a Feral

You are not an animal.

That's the key, really. The best advice for any player with a Feral
character is to remember that the followers of the Road of the Beast
are not simple-minded, animalistic killers. They have a consistent,
coherent philosophy that guides their actions. The fact that they
espouse violence and savagery is, in a sense, beside the point.

An easy, lazy and uninteresting stereotype of the Ferals is that
theyarea disorganized bunch of Gangrel who follow their hungerand
call ita road. That's not to say that Ferals don't sometimes make use
of that stereotype to further their own ends, but as every Feral knows,
there's more to the road than that

Ultimately, Ferals see themselves as the only Cainites honest
enough and strong enough to face the truth about their natures. The
other roads, with their talk of humanity, God's (or the Devil's) curses
or blessings, their search for power over others or the satisfaction of
their lusts, are simply exercises in self-deceit. Power over one's base
self is the ultimate power. After all, how many elaborate Cainite
schemes have ended in disaster because the schemer lost control of.
the Beast at a crucial moment?

Talk6fidiyine favor (or disfavor) is pure speculation. The suggestion

that the Embrace isdivinely ordained can never be tested. The Beast, on.


the otherhand, isall too real. Therefore, Ferals choose todeal
with itdirectly rather than lookingforanswersfromaGod (or
Devil) who is clearly uninterested in providing them.

Ferals see the other roads as other Cainites' attempts
to distract themselves ftom their true natures. This is not
to say that they hold all other Cainites in contempt,
though. Ferals respect strength, anda great number of very
powerful Cainites follow other toads. Such individuals are
seen as impressive but fundamentally misguided.

‘The Feral takes the hunger of the Beastas the bedrock
of her existence. From this force, all else follows. When
the Beast hungers, it must be fed. Frenzy, degenerationand
madness result if this simple drive is ignored. But careless
or indiscriminate feeding is also likely to result in calam-
ity, so Ferals can be quite subtle hunters. You should give
some thought to both the why and how of your character's
hunting habits. Isshe a risk-taker, trusting in her instincts
to locate and kill prey? Does she stalk her prey carefully,
waiting for the most opportune moment to strike?

Cities

Ferals are divided on the issue of cities and civiliza
tion. Most strongly believe that, as creations of man and
as the playgrounds of Cainites who plot and scheme (and
so are roundly despised), cities are best avoided. Others,
however, see cities as rich hunting grounds, and thus
fitting territories to inhabit

Some Ferals assert that mortals will continue to
build more and bigger cities. If this is the case, they say.
then all Cainites must learn to adapt to them if they wish
tosurvive and prosper in the nights to come. Such long-
range thinking does not always sit comfortably with
more traditional Ferals, so those who hold such beliefs
typically keep their opinions to themselves.

When it comes to portraying your Feral, it's helpful
to think of the road's hierarchy of sins. At first glance,
the Hierarchy appears to be a simple behavioral guide:
But if you look closer, you'll see that it contains a great
deal of information about how Ferals act, or at least how
they think they should act.

For example, the greatest sin a Feral can commit is
to avoid feeding when hungry. By itself, this is simple
enough to understand: Any creature, living or undead,
that does not seek out sustenance will die. The Ferals,
however, donot justaccept that fundamental truth, they
make it the very cornerstone of their beliefs, such that a
Feral to who chooses not to feed risks losing her mind to
the Beast. The fact that this most basic precept of the
road also holds true for many other ethos (even if it isn't
given the same gravity) is misleading, for moving even
one "step" up on the hierarchy of sins against the Beast
reveals their character even more.

Thesecond majorsin for Feralsisa proscription against
showing mercy. And yet, later on the hierarchy, we find

that tormenting others needlessly — playing with one's
food, as it were — is considered a sin. This isn't contradic
tory, it's merely indicative of the Ferals' priorities. Predators
do not show mercy. If they choose to let their prey escape,
it is because that prey is not worth the risk of trying to
capture it, not because they are overcome with guilt.
Likewise, old wives tales about cats aside, predators do not
prolong the deaths of their prey — why give one's dinnera
chance to escape by not killing it cleanly? Ferals, taking
their cues as they do from natural predators, hold mercy in
contempt as useless and weak, but those more advanced
along the road see torture in roughly the same light. Both
behaviors are, to an enlightened Feral, unnatural

Motivation

What motivates a Feral? How can you ensure that
your character is credibly motivated to take part in your
Storyteller's chronicle? Ferals place little emphasis on
long-range plotting and scheming. Their first inclina-
tion is to concentrate on the present. They trust that
their instincts won't betray them or their future. This
faith stems from their belief that if one always acts on
instinct, one will be acting "correctly" and in a manner
beneficial in both the short and the long term

This, in turn, means that Ferals can be quite adven-
turous. As long as they see some personal gain or benefit
in an expedition or other venture, they're likely to be
favorably disposed toward it. On the other hand, it's
al who would put herself at risk in the name ofa
"higher principle." Feralsare not atall likely to be moved
by appeals to virtue or justi
"better nature." For the Feral, one's "better nature" isthe
Beast, which is only interested in satisfying its hunger.

rare F

© or compassion or one's

Therefore, the player must strike a balance, in play
between self-interest and group harmony. You won't
have much fun if your character walks away from every
story hook your Storyteller provides, even if you are "just
playing in character." One of your responsibilities as a
player is to make a character that will be interested in
involving herself in the chronicle. One way to keep your
character involved is to make sure that her place in the
coterie is well-defined. Ferals understand hierarchies
and pack mentality quite well. Your character may
decide to accompany her coterie on an errand or mission
simply because she recognizes that she's stronger with
them than without, and that to remain behind would
break the bond between them. Or she may insist on
receiving some particular benefit or reward, such as first
pick of the loot or the right to a particular kill

Likewise, always keep the Beast in mind. Ifthe Beastis
interested, the Feral will be interested. A Cainite's primal
drives are not centered around lust or greed, normally, but
around the blinding, naked hunger for blood that makes
every vampire a monster. But what do those drives suggest


toyour character in particular? Perhaps particular kind of
blood quiets the Beast — the blood of the clergy, for
instance, or the blood of Infidels. Maybe the Beast nudges
the character toward accompanying the coterie because it
wishes to indulge in diablerie. The Beast is not intelligent
perse, butit isn't mindless either, and is capable of "pushing
buttons" in order to manipulate the vampire.

Playing with Others

Another question that will arise for your character is
how much risk she's willing to take for her coterie-mates,
especi
them. Does she try to single-handedly sneak into the enemy
castle, for example
situations, as aly

ally when she has the option of turning her back on

on a risky, solo rescue mission? In such
, she should let instinct guide her.

Such risk calculationsare commonplace forall preda-
tors. Trusting your instincts doesn't make you an idiot
incapable of recognizing your own long-term good. If a
t (breaking into Ceoris or
Alamut, for example), then it's unlikely your character
will go ahead. (Then again, who would?) If the risk is
moderate and your character is confident, then she should
misther cunning and prowess. Consider what will happen
ifyoudon'thelp. Will your coterie-mates tell their captors
allabout you (either willingly or under torture)? Are they
ikely to break out by themselves, then hold a grudge
toward you or seek revenge? In such cases, the risk of not
acting may well outweigh the risk of action.

| The Most Dangerous Prey

Ir's also worth considering your character's attitude
hunting other Cainites and diablerie. Ferals pride
themselves on being the ultimate predators, so what prey
could be more challenging, and a greater test and proof
this claim than their fellow Cainites? Some take
ht in hunting their unliving brethren, but most are
sensible enough to keep this behavior to themselves

k or cause is utter

hopele

towar,

great

of
de

Diablerie does not suffer quite the same stigma
within the Road of the Beast as in Cainite society at
large, but known diablerists are not safe among them
TheFerals have no wish for their road to be outlawed and
itsadherents hunted down. Ifa Feral becomes known as
lerist and brings shame upon the road, her blood
Beast may well be forfeit as the rest of the followers
ofthe road take up the hunt.

All of this should give an aspiring diablerist pause
The "ultimate hunt" is one thing; becoming a target and
vat for every Cainite in the land is another. If your
er isconsidering diabler sto think very
carefully indeed. The extra power is seductive, but the
nth is not without its costs. While the Road of the
st does not forbid diablerie, the Storyteller may rule
that consumption of another being's soul still fuels the
Beast enough to necessitate a roll to avoid degeneration.

sap

- CHAPTER THREE


(ins no easy answer. In fact, even if we break
it down even further, asking, "What would
my character, a Feral Toreador who converted from the
Road of Heaven after witnessing the politicking among
Faithful vampires, do in this situation?" (for example)
yields no easy answer. Asaplayer, youshould not be able
to confront any given situation and know, based on an
entry on your character sheet, what the character would
or would not do. This is true of any character, but
ially true of the animalistic and pragmatic Fera
~asily become the "odd men out" ofachronicle.
Instead of trying to figure out what your character
would do, consider instead what she might do. Has she
been in similar situations? What happened then? Doe:
she feel she has the correct skills to take a given course
of action? Would she be violating a tenet of her road by
acting, and if so, is she willing to atone later? And,
perhaps most important, will the story be derailed
entirely if she chooses a particular course of action?
People do things that might seem against their
nature or personality all the time. You should not feel
like you're selling your character short by having her
take a course of action that she might not otherwise
choose, especially if you help the story along by doingso.

Regardless, the Amaranth has other drawbacks (see page
258 of Dark Ages: Vampire)

Finally, consider the other players in the game. If
you want to make hunting Cainites (for sport or for
diablerie) a focus for your character, we can't stop you.
Frankly, some great story possibilities exist there. But
you should try todo it in such away that it does not cause
the game to devolve into a hunt for your character, and
the characters motives for such should be more interest-
ing than merely wanting to lower her generation and
thereby obtain more Disciplines.

Character Creation

If you've decided to make a character that follows
the Road of the Beast, there are some things you should
bear in mind when it comes to character creation proper.

It's worth re-iterating that putting numbers down
on paper and assigning dots to the various traits that
make up your character in terms of game mechanics is
the end result, not the starting point, of character cre-
ation. It helps to have at least a general idea of the kind
of character you want to play before you get started. You
may well find that your ideas crystallize further as you
assign points. That's fine, but you still need an overall
concept to give shape to your efforts.

Clan

Ferals typically hail from the Low Clans. They're
not unknown among the High Clans (particularly the
Brujah and the Tzimisce), but as the Road of the Beast
emphasizes the internalized, individualistic virtues (Con-
viction Instinct) ternalized,
group-oriented virtues (Conscience and Self-Control),
its members are often seen as socially embarrassing.

and over the ¢

The road attracts a good number of Brujah, some of
whom find certainty in its simple philosophical truths,
others who feel the urge of their own Beast all too keen!
and reckon thatonly by confronting it head-on will they be
And there are those whose philosophical
bent inclines them toward the fundamentals of existence.
This emphasis on the fundamentals of the Cainite exist
ence naturally draws some Zealots to the Road of the Beast

able to control it

The road also finds surprising degree of acceptance
among the Tzimisce. Their cruelty and individualism
both incline them towards the Beast. Although they
expect absolute obedience from their inferiors, they
allow themselves to behave exactly as they desire. The
unfettered nature of Feral existence is deeply attractive

to many Fiends.

Some small number of Toreador follow the roa
believing that they are "beautiful predators." These
Artisans tend to be ruthless politicians as well
of considerable prowess. They revel in the sensations of
the hunt and the joy of the kill. S
these pleasures by imposing restrictions on themselves
(such as following mortal customs, hunting with hounds

more

me try to enhance

or by seducing a chosen target). Others take
visceral approach, finding beauty in the purity and
unaffected savagery of the Beast

The High Clan with the fewest Ferals is, without
doubt, the Lasombra. The Magisters are deeply enamored
of their social structures and hierarchies. One professing
adherence to the Road of the Beast would likely be ata
severe (and possibly fatal) social disadvantage. It is un-
popular among the Ventrue for similar reasons

The road is much more common among the Low
Clans, with their lessened emphasis on formal hierarchy
and position. Overall, the bulk of the road's membership
comes from Clan Gangrel. They are obvious candidates
for adherence to the road, as they are often abandoned by
theirsires with little orno training or instruction and have
tocome to terms with their newfound nature alone. These
arenatural conditions for coming to follow the Road of the
Beast. Some Gangrel cling to mortal codes of behavior,
but coming to terms with the Beast is a matter of simple
necessity for many neonates, faced with a nightly struggle
to survive in a world suddenly made hostile and alien.

Just as some Nosferatu find that their Embrace causes
them to value their humanity above all, others find that it

would be foolish to follow any otherroad with the mark of the
Beast upon their bodies. After all, it is the kiss of Caine that
causes their deformities, and the kiss of Caine that looses the
Beast. To accept the reality of one without accepting the
reality of the other would, in their eyes, be a great folly.

Among the Malkavians, some find a small shred of
certainty and sanity to cling to in the Beast, and they
often adhere rigidly to the road's strictures. Others throw
themselves screaming into the seething pit of inchoate
desire and rage they find within. Either way, the result is
similar. An insane Cainite given over to the Beast is a
sight not to be forgotten (and not often to be survived).

Assamites, Setites and Ravnos have no particular
affinity for the Road. Some follow their clan's distinctive
roads (of Blood, the Serpent, and Paradox, respectively),
but just as many do not. Some Assamite warriors enthu-
siastically embrace the Road of the Beast, believing it
makes them better hunters. Others fear the unpredict-
able Beast and choose other paths

The Tremere are a special case. The road is rare but
not unknown among the Usurpers, who typically focus
on disciplining their minds in order to better serve the
Pyramid. Among the soldiers and messengers, however,
the road is more common, as these individuals often
work away from direct contact with the hierarchy and
must often operate alone.

Nature and Demeanor

Nature and Demeanor plays a large part in defining
just who your character is. On the whole, Ferals tend to
he straightforward individuals, with similar (if not the
identical) Natures and Demeanors. This is not to say
that divergent combinations are never found, only that
| they are relatively uncommon. Most often, a direct
Demeanor covers a conniving Nature. Deception is a
useful weapon for any hunter.

Typical Demeanors include Barbarian, Rebel and
Survivor. These are all Demeanors that flout the com-
monly held values or procedures of society in one w:
oranother. Common Natures include all of the above,
particularly Survivor, which is probably the most com-
mon Archetype among the Ferals. Barbarian runs a
close second.

Ultimately, any combination of Nature and De-
meanor can be accepted. They are, if you like, the prism
through which an individual's expression of the road's
tenets will be refracted. For example, a character with a
Nature of Judge anda Demeanor of Jester might play the
fool or revel in the joy of the hunt — and encourage
others to do the same — even as she judges their worth
by their acceptance of their natural instincts. Only by
acting naturally can one be truly just and fair, after all.
And by playing the fool, she puts others off their guard
w that their "natural" selves will be revealed.

Attributes and Ubilities

For most Ferals, the Physical Attributes are primary
The hunt is physically demanding and is not only a
necessity for feeding, it is a sacrament in itself. The road's
few rituals and festivals revolve around it. It would be
highly unusual for Physical Attributes to be tertiary. Even
the most bookish Feral understands and embraces the
prime (and primal) importance of the hunt to their road.

Mental Attributes, especially Wits and Perception,
are of great use to a hunter, and may even be primary
(depending on the Feral's mortal life). Social Attributes
are often tertiary; in any case, Appearance and Charisma
should probably be rated higher than Manipulation
Similarly, when selecting Abilities, Talents or Skills
are most likely to be primary. Alertness and Athletics, as
wellas the usual combat skills (Brawl and Dodge) find favor
with most Ferals. Empathy and Intimidation are also useful.
Leadership, Performance and Subterfuge are les
Skills such as Animal Ken, Stealth and Survival are
almost essential. Ride is not usually favored, nor is
Archery, as Ferals would rather make their kills by hand
Conversely, skills such as Etiquette are widely neglected
but are of especial importance to the Lorekeepers.
Knowledges are, as a category, not well loved, but a
few are of particular interest to the Ferals. Hearth Wis-
domand Occult are sometimes chosen. Law, Politicsand
Seneschal are not common choices, but again, what

common.

Abilities a character possesses depends just as much on
her mortal life as her road (if not more).

Advantages

The selection of Advantages for your character is a
great opportunity to consider how she will interact with
the world around her. Attributes and Abilities indicate
what she can do; Backgrounds and Virtues why she does
things. Disciplines give the playera chance todecide what
kind of supernatural bent the character has. A Grey
Hunter is much more likely to learn Presence than a
Nomad, but what if the Nomad would prefer to frighten
off, rather than kill, peasants who blunder across her path?

Disiplines

Disciplines are a key area for all Feral
sions of Cainite power, they afford unique opportunities
to emphasize the power of one's Beast.

The brutal existence of the Feralsall butnecessitates
some skill in one or more of the three "physical" Disci-
plines (Celerity, Fortitude and Potence). These
Disciplines are not difficult to learn, even for clans that
don't typically exhibit them.

A number of other Disciplines are also worthy of
mention. All Beasts generally learn Protean at some stage
in their existence. As one of the most effective Disciplines

As expres-


forahunter, itisalso seen as the Discipline that mostclearly
communicates a Cainite's true, predatory nature. The
fourth-level power, Form of the Beast, is especially trea-
sured, and mastery of itisseen asanact ofconsiderable piety.
Most mentors teach it to their charges, regardless of clan.
Animalism is also popular (and easier to learn than
Protean), as it gives the user the ability to command the
Beast in another. Obfuscate is useful when hunting, as is
Auspex. Overall, any Discipline —even "civilized" ones
such as Presence and Dominate — are seen as valid,
especially when used to aid a Cainite on the hunt. Keep
this in mind when making your selection. Conversely, a
Feral who demonstrates a novel use for an unlikely
Discipline will be well regarded for her cleverness.

Backgrounds

Backgroundsreflect your character's relationship with
society at large. The best way to decide which to select for
a Feral character is to keep in mind that she is unlikely to
be tied closely into mortal society. Yet, even those Ferals
who spew their vitriol against humanity and its civilized
works are inextricably tied to it, for they must feed.

Generation and Status are important indicators not
just of your character's raw power and place within
Cainite society, but also of her relationships with others
A low-generation Cainite is ata considerable advantage
over a high-generation Cainite, and the predator within
the Feral is unlikely to forget it. Status not only repre-
sents being well regarded by fellow Cainites, it also
indicates the importance your character places on the
opinion of others. Before you decide that your character
doesn't care about such things, remember that it also
indicates her understanding of (and place within) the
local hierarchies. Knowing the lay of the land, so to
speak, is a crucial piece of information for any predator.

Influence can be a little tricky to settle on, but a
relationship with a well-placed mortal, such as a master
of the hunt, an esteemed craftsman or soldier, or a
renowned breeder of war-horses could well yield consid-
erable "pull" in mortal society

The Mentor Background deserves a word here. Itis
extremely unlikely that any mentor will be closely super-
vising your character; such is not the way of the Beast
Not to say, of course, that players cannot choose the
Mentor Background for Feral characters. High levels of
the Background generally represent a more powerful
mentor, not a closer relationship with a weaker one.

TheRetainer Background might represent animal com-
panions, especially fora Gangrel or Nosferatu. Contacts and
alliesare likely tobe woodsmen, huntersandothersuch hardy
souls who have the Feral's respect. Spiesand informers might
bedrawn from brigands the characteragrees to leave alone in
exchange for news or other information. Herd might be
drawn from similar ranks, or even from local animals,

Virtues

Instinct is, of course, the favored Virtue among
Ferals. A high Instinct rating is necessary for advance: |
ment along the Road of the Beast, as most moments of
clarity occur as a direct result of allowing (or not allow.
ing) one's instinctive responses to a situation. The
Virtue represents the character's ability to surrender
herself to the Beast when necessary. If Instinct is her
highest-rated Virtue, she will be "in tune" with her Beast
and able to exercise a great deal of control over it

Conviction represents your character's trust in her-
self. In essence, it's a measure of how much she trusts the
Beast, whereas Instinct represents how easily she can letit
out of its cage. If Conviction is her favored virtue, she
trusts her Beast to see her through every situation, regard: |
less of circumstance (which can have its disadvantages).

Lastly, Courage represents the savagery of the Beast,
its confidence in its own power to survive and triumph
over others. If this is your character's chief Virtue, she
will be indomitable, using the Beast to doggedly propel
her forward in the face of adversity

Preludes

Don't forgo the opportunity to play out a prelude for
your character. If your Storyteller is reluctant or unable
to run one for you, then you should at least consider the
suggestions that follow. They should help you getaa solid
handle on your character before play begins. Writing
them down is an excellent way to get a clear picture of
your character and her motivations.

Why bother with a prelude? A prelude gives you an
opportunity to play out the crucial moments in your
character's history. You'll find that these moments and
events will be much more real if you've experienced
them by playing them out in a prelude, rather than
merely thought about them a bit. It's one thing, for
example, to say that your character took up the Road of
the Beast so she could take revenge on the Setite who
slew her sire. It's quite another to play out the scene and
experience the murder of her sire and her angry submis-
sion to her predatory nature. This gives the event an
immediacy and impact it would otherwise lack.

Similarly, playing a prelude gives you an opportunity
to fine-tune your character before play begins in earnest
Ifyou need to adjust the numbers on your character sheet,
check with your Storyteller, but as long as you're making
minor adjustments and not re-writing your character, she
shouldn't have any objections. Sometimes characters
don't quite come out as we want or expect them to in play
Ie'sfar better to discover and remedy such issues before the
chronicle proper gets underway.


If your Storyteller deems it appropriate, and if an-
other player (or players) agrees, a prelude is a great
opportunity to establish relationships with other charac-
tets. This depends largely on the Storyteller's setup for
the chronicle, but if it fits within the story's parameters,
actually playing out a first meeting and a significant
moment or two between your character and another
adds great depth to the back story of the game and the
characters concerned. Doing so also makes it easy for the
chronicle to get underway. This is especially true if the
characters have pooled some of their Backgrounds.

Dark Ages: Vampire provides some excellent guide-
linesforrunningpreludes (pp.277-278) that focuson critical
moments in your character's unlife — her Embrace, intro-
duction intoCainite society, attitude toward other vampires,
relationship with her sire and so on. These are important
details for your Storyteller to uncover, so they can be used to
inform her plots and characters. They also give her the
cpportunity to foreshadow events in the chronicle.

Note thatit's very helpful to discuss your prelude with
your Storyteller before actually playing it. Not only will
our Storyteller need some basic information about your
characterso that the prelude can be properly executed, but
youmight want to suggesta scene or two—or even sketch
out your character's history as you see it. Doing so makes
sure that the important elements of your character's
tackground and personality are covered. It's a rare Story
teller who won't welcome such input ftom a player.
Getting a chronicle set up can be a big task, so it's always
appreciated when aplayer takes the initiative anddemon-
strates some concrete interest in the chronicle.

Your Storyteller, in turn, may well make some
suggestions about your character. These will probably be
tased on her plans for the chronicle, and be aimed at
mnakingsure that yourcharacter will be able to fitinto the
game easily and be able to participate fully. (Your no-
nnadic Brujah scholar might not fit well into a game
tesed around the Omen War raging in Hungary, for
example.) Listen with an open mind and negotiate
around any disagreements. Striking the right balance
fetween the unique character you've dreamed up and
theunique chronicle your Storyteller has in mind can be
adelicate task, but it's well worth the effort to resolve

Why Choose the Beast $

Few things define a Cainite as strongly as her choice
ofroad. As a mortal, one has no control over one's birth,
sxor homeland. As a Cainite, one has no control over
one's sire, clan or generation. But every Cainite must
choose a way to deal with the Beast. This choice — the
slection of a road — determines the path a Cainite's
axistence will take, how she will face her struggles with
theBeast and, toa large extent, how she will relate to her
fllow Cainites and fit into their society

Most Ferals reject mainstream Cainite society, seeing its
constraintsas artificial atbest, and detrimental, even danger-
ous, at worst. Does your character share this view? Why does
your character think thus? To deal with the Beast, a scream-
ing, maddening, unceasing urge to kill, by giving reign to it,
even occasionally, isa high-risk decision. Yet most Ferals see
acceptance of their Beasts as a simple and honest
acknowledgement of their true natures. Why has your char-
actermade this decision? Wasthereasingledefiningmoment
orincident, orwas the decision made afteracalmandrational
consideration of her condition? Some Ferals have tried
following other roadsand found them wanting. These Ferals
in particular see accepting the Road of the Beast as a kind of
spiritual "homecoming." What kind of creature finds spiri-
tual solace in an existence given over to mere survival —
worse, surviving like an animal? Your prelude should have at
least one scene that provides some insight into how and why
your character made this choice.

Remember that each Feral's reason for adopting the
Road of the Beast is unique and may draw on elements of
any of the aforementioned suggestions. The overwhelming
characteristic is often pragmatism. Ferals see the struggle
against the Beast as the central fact of their existence.

What, then, are some of the reasons that Ferals
choose their road, and what kinds of scenes can you
include in a prelude to showcase these reasons? The
following are some suggestions and examples.

Fear of the Beast

Some Cainites are truly terrified of the Beast. This
is quite often (but by no means always) a response to
one's first frenzy. Appalled by the overwhelming hunger
and power of the Beast, a Cainite may well decide that
such a power cannot be fought or repressed or overcome,
only accommodated and guided.

A scene showing your character choosing the road
for this reason would most typically be the aftermath of
a frenzy. Your character is so horrified by her lack of
control and the failure of whatever morality she has
adhered to so far that she is, in effect, driven into the
arms of the enemy, reasoning that only by embracing the
Beast can she control it

Acceptance of God's Will

Cainites who adhere to the Road of the Beast for
religious reasons were often quite pious during their mor-
tal lives. Once they gain some understanding of their
condition, they accept itas God's will and try to cope with
itas best they can. In the opinion of these Cainites, to see
oneself as an instrument of God's or Satan's will would be
the height of arrogance. One must simply accept one's fate
and seek to understand one's true nature. Perhaps this
understanding will reveal one's purpose to be aligned with
God or the Devil... or perhaps not.

Spombsiniemmsy

= sosew aE

=

TBs
Kees

es


A scene depicting your character's choice of the
Road of the Beast for this reason could take a number of
forms. Pethaps she ran afoul of a Cainite or Cainites who
believed they were emissaries of God or Lucifer and was
horrified by their actions and arrogance. Or perhaps a
simple act of grace or kindness from another drives her
to reflect on her essence.

The Thrill of the Hunt

Some Cainites simply get a rush from hunting and
killing. Perhaps the Cainite was an avid hunter in mortal
life, reveling in the pursuit of his hapless prey. Yet, Ferals
arenot just mindless killers. Such Cainites are little more
than animals to be hunted down and destroyed. The
hunt is simply what a Cainite does and enjoys best. Does
the wolf question whether it should kill? Of course not,
and neither should the Children of Caine

A typical scene to show your character exulting in
the hunt (and with it, the Road of the Beast) would take
place in the aftermath of a kill. Heady with her power
and the sated lust for blood, she experiences a moment
of clarity that tells her this is her true self

Rjection of Humanity

It is clear to most Ferals that humans are inferior
creatures, just as to humans it is clear that cattle are
inferior creatures. Why would one choose to live in the
society created by one's inferiors? Humans do not deign
tolive in the fields orhog wallows or chicken coops. Why
shoulda Cainite do what amounts to the same thing, and
dwell among humans? On a more philosophical level, it
isthe Beast that sets Cainites apart from the race of Seth

Surely the right approach is to embrace it?

An appropriate scene to showcase this reason for
taking up the Road of the Beast would be one that
reinforces to your character the essential worthlessness,
or at least inferiority, of humanity. A schemer brought
low, a disaster brought on by greed or lust or stupidity or
even an easily manipulated mortal might drive her into
the arms of the Beast. An especially pathetic show of
apocalyptic fervor might also drive her to the road.

Disdain for Cainite Society

Itis equally clear tootherFerals that Cainite society,
as it exists in parallel ro (and, some say, as a perversion
of) mortal society, is worthless. With its cynical elders,
ambitiousneonatesand constant scheming and intrigues,
it'sshameful to see Cainites stooping to the level of their
food. There are generally two ways in which disdain for
Cainites can drive a Feral to adopt the Road of the Beast.
She may be sufficiently disgusted with mortals that she
will reject any mortal trappings, including a Cainite
society run along mortal lines. Alternatively, she may be
disillusioned that Cainites have not used their superior

nature to create a better alternative. This isa particularly
common motivation among Feral Brujah

To show your character rejecting Cainite society,
scene showing a Cainite plot uncovered, or a mortal
routine mimicked, is a good starting place. Religious
observances can be especially effective, as they represent
an acceptance of servitude in the Feral mind. Any event
that demonstrates how little Cainites have advanced
their thinkingand relationships from those of the mortal
herd can form the basis for a strong scene.

Abandonment

Many Ferals are abandoned by their sires after the
Embrace, forced to fend for themselves or perish in the
attempt. These souls must also. come to terms with the
Beast and they soon learn to accommodate its desires. Of
all Cainites, these are the once who come closest to simply
accepting their road rather than choosing it. But, once
xposed to the other roads, these Ferals rarely abandon

they have come to terms with the Beast (ot
at least decided how to struggle with it) and see little value
in trying to impose other ethics or restraints on it

theirchoice

Devisingascene to showcase thiskind of decision can
be tricky, asit comes closest to. amere acceptance. Perhaps
your character is approached by an adherent of another
road and a philosophical discussion (or fight) ensues. Or
perhaps she encounters an important figure on the road,
such as a Warden or Lorekeeper, and learns from her.

The Most Dangerous Prey

While many Ferals may spurn mortal and/or Cainite
society, some revel in what they see as the most challeng:
ing, satisfying hunting grounds in the world. Ifa Cainite
is the ultimate predator, surely the only prey worth the
effort is mankind —or even other Cainites. To huntand
feed ftom animals is seen as below the talents of the Feral
awaste of potential or evena sign ot laziness or weakness
Tooth and claw are not the only weapons in the Chil
dren of Caine's arsenal, after all,

A scene here should show your character's dissatis:
faction with simply killing an animal, or perhaps taking
incredible satisfaction from killing a human or Cainite
and reveling in the satisfaction not just of the kill, but of
the hunt and pursuit.

Apostasy

Cainitessometimesabandon their roads. They make
progress, learn the underpinnings of their new philoso-
phy then, typically, lose control of themselvescompletely
As a result, they sometimes experience a moment of
clarity, realizing that the struggle to master the Beast —
not the struggle to remain human, serve God or anything
else — is the central fact of unlife. Such Cainites have
rienced first-hand the futility of denying one's Beast


0 they change paths in an attempt to deal with the
fundamental fact of their existence

Why did your character reject her initial choice of
path? Did she chafe under the road's restrictions, never
feeling entirely comfortable with them? Or did she think
she was doing well, only to have it all come undone?

Character Development

| This section has a number of suggestions for you to
Some

consider as your character develops during pla

late to "formal" events with rules attached, such as

embarking on a path. Others, however, are developments

that can only be played out during the game — such as

| becoming a teacher of the road. Still others combine the
two. The important thing to note is that the rulesare there
only to supplement the development of your character
and to give her decisions meaning and validity within the
game (for example, modifying your character's hierarchy
of sins as a result of her taking up a path).

Moments of Truth

You can't spend experience points on a Road rating
increase until your character experiences a moment of
truth. So, when should you look fora moment of truth, and
how should you play it out when it happens? As with most

/ things, they can happen at any time. It's just a question of

whether your character is ready to take notice.

CHAPTER

There are a number of ways to represent this ad-
vancement during play. The first is to assume that, as she
accumulates experience points (and as you save them up
to purchase an increase in her Road rating), your char-
acter is reaching a point of realization — when an event
that would lead to a moment of truth will be recognized
and appreciatedas such. Afterall, what makes one kill or
one huntor one recitation ofan epic poem so much more
significant than another that it triggers such a momen-
tous event in her psyche? It's not too far-fetched to
suggest that the key difference is her readiness to gain an
insight — a frame of mind receptive to new lessons.

This change is only partly represented by gaining e:
rience points. It should also be shown in your character's
actionsin play. Perhapsachange in her behavior would bean
appropriate sign of her soon-to-be-found insight. She may
become quieter, more reflective. Orperhapsshe opensupand
begins sharing her thoughts, talking with others about how
she perceives herself and her behavior. Asking questions
might be another response. Ifshe's on the verge of receiving
an insight into the broad question, "How should I act?", it's
very appropriate for this new insight to be preceded by a
period of reflection, speculation or questioning.

Dark Ages: Vampire discusses the types of events
that might serve as moments of truth (page 266). What
you need to consider is when to be on the lookout for
such moments and how to play them out, so that your
Storyteller will allow you to spend your character's
experience points on an increase in her Road rating,

HREE +


Having the points on hand is one thing. Convincing
your Storyteller that your character is not only ready for,
but also deserving of, a moment of truth is another.

In part, your character will improve by the afore-
mentioned means — by acting like someone who's
actively questioning and searching for answers. On the
other hand, you might prefer to have a moment of truth
hit your character like a bolt out of the blue. You can't
choose to have an insight. It often arrives when it's not
being actively sought. Either way, the decision lies with
your Storyteller. How do you convince her that your

character is ready?

The best way is to offer the possibility up as an
opportunity to create or enhancea story. Itdemonstrates
that you want to become an active participant in the
game, taking a hand in creating stories and drama. The
followingare a few suggestions for the kinds of scenes you
might suggest to your Storyteller as being a way to give
your character a moment of truth.

AmIBeast Enough$

You might suggest a scene that makes your character
question her beliefs. The murder ofan innocent, an act of
mercy, a meeting with a Feral whose behavior differs
sharply from your character's —any such encounter could
be a catalyst for some serious thinking about her dedica-
tion (orlack thereof) to the ideals of the Road of the Beast.

This might be highlighted in a scene wherein your
character meets a more "bestial" Feral. This individual,
whether she has a high Road rating (and is more in tune
with her Beast) or a low one (and is losing herself to her
Beast) could cause your character to question whether
she's "bestial" enough. Alternatively, she might be in-
spired to see the example of a Feral existing in harmony
with her Beast, or horrified to see one succumbing to it.

Am TToo Much the Beast}

Ferals do things that many would consider monstrous.
They generally kill any vessels they feed upon, so their
continued existence is predicated upon murder, usually
against victims who have little or no ability to defend
themselves. Butit's one thing to claim to lead a remorseless
existence, quite another toactually doso. Thisisthe central
problem forany faith — how to sincerely and faithfully live
up to the code of behavior it espouses. Doing so is much
harder for someone whose code endorses murder than one
whose tenets instruct the follower to be morally virtuous,
particularly when the would-be Feral is Embraced from a
faith that abhors violence.

A scene wherein your character commits a great act
of mayhem, but is then given reason to regret it, can
trigger a moment of truth. Or pethaps a violent act
committed earlier comes back to haunt her. The casual
murder of a man-at-arms that results in a village taking

up arms against the monsters in the night, for example,
may well haunt your character and cause her to question
how well she truly understands the road.

What HaveT Lost¢

Sometimes, when a character is confronted witha
strong reminder of a lifestyle or individual she has left
behind, she wonders if she has made the right choice
Accommodating the Beast requires a complete break
with mortal notions of morality and "right" behavior —
but making that break is easier said than done.

Has your character killed someone who reminds him
ofan old friend, family member or lover? A scene showing
such an event could well trigger a spiritual crisis or @
moment of truth. And if it doesn't, why not? Go beyond
"Iejust doesn't bother my character," when thinking ofan
answer. Even therealization thatsomethingdoesn't bother
her might trigger further thought or reflection.

Becoming a Teacher

A natural evolution for your character, especially
you've been playingheroverthe cour
is for her to become a Warden or Lorekeeper or, more
generally, to take on some responsibilities asan adherent
ofher road. There are no real game mechanics associated
with this achievement. As stated in Chapter Two, a
Feral wishing to take up responsibilities within her toad
merely does so and waits for acknowledgment to come.

To the limited degree that traits do affect such things,
any Cainite with a Road rating higher than another'
theoretically hassomething to teach orshare. But whether
your character is the kind of person others would turn to
for help depends entirely on how you play her

Therefore, a high Road rating is not all you need. Your
character also needs a reputation among her fellow adher-
ents. One way togamersuchastandingistoattend gatherings
and generally be active in raising your profile. A reputation
asastrongadvocate of the road's tenetscan also help, though
your Storytellershouldn'tdiscount the value ofbeinga "quiet
achiever" whose reputation is growing by word of mouth,

eofalongchronicle

Your Storyteller should eventually present your
character with an opportunity to instruct another. This
isanexcellentopportunity forboth enjoyable roleplaying
and intensive character development, as you'll not only
be required to guide another character along a road, but
also to articulate your beliefs and the reasons for them.
Ir'salso an excellent way to introduce a new player toan
ongoing chronicle, and the dynamic between the two
characters can be an endless source of story material

If you're more interested in the character becoming
a Warden or a Lorekeeper, the process is similar. She
certainly needs to have demonstrated her ability to
perform the relevant duties, but more important is the
record of her actions, as seen by others.

There are no tests for your character to pass, nor any
formal initiation required to become a Warden or
Lorekeeper. She simply embarks upon the requisite activi-
tiesand, if they're performed well enough, her new status
willeventually be recognized. Similarly, if she stops, she'll
simply be considered to have "dropped out." Ferals do not
look at such Cainites as failures. They recognize that
priorities can change from moment to moment

Being considered a member in good standing of either
group, however, isamark of somesmall prestigeandno little
respect. Your character will need to be aware of her respon-
sbilities. A Warden must either travel or guard a path or
jlace considered important by the Ferals; a Lorekeeper
mustseek out other Ferals, learn theirstories and be present
at gatherings to recite the road's epics. Outsiders are not
vielcome in such contexts, so some negotiation with your
Storyteller and your fellow players will likely be necessary.
Indeed, becoming a Warden might be an excellent fate for
acharacter who survives a long chronicle

Joining and Leaving the2ad

Joining the Road of the Beast is a relatively simple
matter. Simple, but dangerous.

The Road of the Beast is a "root" road, as is the Road
of Humanity. That is, it's a road onto which neonates
often initiate themselves, by default as itwere. Sometimes
asite or othersympathetic figure will help, sometimes not.
Joining the road later in one's existence, after abandoning
another road, is a little more complex. Quite apart from
therules involved (see page 267 of Dark Ages: Vampire),
there's the matter of actually surviving the proces

To initiate herselfonto the road, your characterneeds
to start abiding by her new moral code until she experi-
encesa moment of truth, As doingso involves submerging
herself in the Beast and hunting in the wilds, she must not
only negotiate the hazards of the wilderness, but also any
other Ferals upon whose domain she may be trespassing.
Alternatively, if your character knows a Feral, she might
approach him for advice or instruction.

Under what circumstances should a Cainite consider
adopting the Road of the Beast? A good rule of thumb is for
the player to monitor the character's current hierarchy of
sins, particularly if she's committed some sins or suffered
degeneration recently. Take a look at the Road of the Beast's
hierarchy and cast your mind back over your character's
actions. Was hernatural inclination toact inaccord with her
road's values? Did she sin against her current road by acting
more in line with the Road of the Beast?

This process can work in the other direction too
Your character might be struggling with the Road of the
Beast and find, after some reflection, that another road
would suit her better,

Ferals aren't too concemed about adherents leaving
the road, especially if they're relatively new or have

ae Re sina. ON 7.
SSS CHARTER THREE Se/Sma Saint

made little progress. To some extent, this is (to use an
anachronistic term) a "Darwinian" attitude. Ifthe would-
be Feral couldn't hack it, then the road is better off
without her. The weak must inevitably fall behind, after
all. Older Ferals reserve special hatred for prominent
apostates, who they believe have betrayed the Beast
This hatred is largely driven by the Feral's own Beast,
who fears being caged by the rules of another road

Embarking ona Bath

The rule mechanics for embarking on a path are de-
scribed in the Dark Ages Storytellers Companion (pp. 64)
The thing to keep in mind is that, while taking up a path is
not nearly as traumatic and unlife-changing as taking up a
new road, it is nevertheless a very significant decision that
involves the adoption or alteration of a number of values.

Again, the chief determinant and the best clue (both
in and out of game) that your character might be ready to
take up a path is her behavior. Is she always on the move,
always searching for new vistas and new experiences?
Pethaps the Path of the Nomad beckons. Is shea remorse-
less monster who hates mortal civilization and attacks its
institutions whenever possible? The Path of the Savage
may well be calling. Does she find the thrill of hunting
mortals on their own territory to be the greatest ofall? The
Path of the Grey Hunter was founded by one such Feral.

‘Adopting a path that is more closely attuned to your
behavior will actually make existence a little easier for your
character, insofarasthe hierarchy ofsinsisaguideto behavior
and actions to avoid. She should be less in danger of slipping
back along the path if its values match her actions.

Unsurprisingly, there are no formal procedures or declara-
tions to make. One simply realizes thatone'sactions have taken
ona particular bent and re-aligns one's values accordingly

As Ferals are pragmatic and essentially amoral, you
should note that they are more likely to adjust their values
tofit their behavior, not the other way around (.e., taking
amoral position and adjusting their behavior to accommo-
date it). This is in accord with the Ferals' self-imposed
mandate to be ruled by instinct. The player should be
careful, though, not to use this kind of flexibility to justify
her character doing whatever she wants. Changing even
one tenet of a path's hierarchy of sins isa slow process, and
the Storyteller should be kept abreast of any proposed
changes toacharacter'smoral ode. Ifthe character violates
that code, she must pay the consequences, either by doing
penance or falling ever closer to the jaws of the Beast.

Baths

Details and game systems on the four paths de-
sctibed in Chapter Two are presented here, including a
brief recap of the path's overall beliefs and the informa-
tion necessary to play them in your chronicle.


PACH OR Th€ HUNTER

VIA PRAGDATOR

Ferals who follow the Path of the Hunter dedicate themselves to exploring the Beast's
predatory nature. They eschew reason and allow themselves to be guided by instinct. The
world is divided into hunters and hunted, so they relate to others as fellow predators (worthy
of respect) and prey (worthy of nothing but contempt)

Additional Ethics of the Hunter

* You are a predator, and all others are your prey

© The Beast exists to aid you in the hunt. Master it as you would master a hunting
dog

© There is no shame in abandoninga
hopeless hunt —as long as you return
with a pack. No prey is safe from the
Hunters.

Practices: Hunters often gather in
packs for companionship, mutual protection
and greater strength to hunt more dangerous
prey (such as Lupines). To follow the path,
one simply starts hunting, usually by join-
ing a pack or retreating from Cainite
society for a time and focusing on one's
predatory nature.

Hunters are usually involved in
the activities of the Road of the Beast
— attending gatherings, traveling
to sacred sites and so on — but they
regard with disdain any Feral who
does not make his predatory nature
the highest focus of his existence,
regardless of whatever else he
might do.

Virtues: Conviction, In-
stinct

HIERARCHY OF SINS AGAINST THE HUNT!

Score Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale
10 Failing to hunt for your own prey Accepting blood as a gift from another is an affront to the Beast.

Interrupting the hunt of another The Beast must be free to d
Failing to hunt whenever the Hunting strengthens the Beast.
opportunity presents itself
Avoiding contact with the wilds In nature lies strength. Ci ft and weak.
Needless torture or cruelty Only "civilized" folk engage in these things.
aking a sacrifice for a stranger You owe others nothing.
Refusing to kill to ensure your safety. Nothing is more important than survival.
Failing to defend your hunting grounds ‘Those who do not defend their territory hai
Showing mercy to an enemy cy is for the w
ining from feeding when hungry The Beast must be satisfied.


PACH OR The NOMAD

VIA ERRONIS (ALSO TARIQ EL-BEDOUIN)

Nomads believe that settling down in the one place (for
more than a few nights) is the first step toward taming the
Beast, which demands to roam where it will. They es-

chew possessions beyond those few required for survival
p-and often travel with no gear (and sometimes no
clothes) at all

Additional Ethics of the Nomad

* Civilization is sl:

very, run wild and be free.
kind of

© To remain always under the same sky is 2
death — seek out new lands always.

' * Only take what you need. Needless possessions are a
Ty, weight to drag you down.
\ Practices: Nomads simply withdraw from civilization, and
\ come never return. With the encroachments being made by
\ "human and Cainite plans, however, many are being forced to
emerge from their comers of the earth and join the fight
against civilization. Nomads tend to be wily, undisciplined
fighters but they are not strongly territorial

Virtues: Conviction, Instinct

HIERARCHY OF SINS AGAINST THE NOMAD

Score Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale

10 Spending more than three nights in the one place To remain in one place is to cage the Beast.

Accumula xxcess of personal possessions Wealth is a creation of society.
Allowing your path to be permanently blocked by anothet Boundaries are restrictions.
Avoiding contact with the wilds In nature lies strength. Civilization is
torture or cruelty Only "civilized" folk engage in these things.
Making a sacrifice for a stranger You owe others nothing.
g to kill when important to your survival Nothing is more important than survival.

Claiming a permanent domain. vi is static. If you stop moving, y«
d and therefore trapped.

Showing mercy to an enemy for the weak.
Abstaining from feeding when hungry t must be satisfied.

ath of the Savage are implacable foes of
elieve that every Cainite fould vel in the fury of the
it to reign supreme, untrammeled by law, convention
manners or any other restraint.

Additional Ethics of the

lestroy

ast is your salvation. It should be loosed upon
your enemies whenever it calls out for blood.
ilization is a creation of the weak. Destroy it
and let only the strong survive.
must join a war-band and suffer
through its initiation rites. These rites vary from band to band, bu
nerally involve participating in a raid and striking a telling blow, such
as killing a noble or firing a church.
Savages tend to lair in regions far from civilization and organi:
or raids each season to strike at whatever out
within h. Some settle particular areas and defend them from the
incursions of civilization, while others have a more nomadic outlook and
roam fr across nations and continents in search of targets ripe for
plunder and destruction.
Virtu ‘onviction, Instinct

HIERARCHY OF SINS AGAINST THESAVAGE

Score Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale
10 Allowing civilization's proponents to live Withoutpeoplededicated toitsspread, civilization cannotflourish.
Not striking at civilization whenever possible Civilization makes slaves of us all.
Not challenging a'weak leader Only the strongest should lead.
Participating in a civilization without Civilization is'a cage for the Beast.
intent to destroy it
Avoiding contact with the wilds In nature lies strength. Civilization is soft and weak,
Making a sacrifice for a stranger You owe others nothing.
Refusing to kill when important to your safety _ Nothing is more important than survival.

Failing to defend your territory (or pack) Those who do not defend their territory have it taken from them.

Showing mercy to an enemy Mercy is for the weak.
Abstaining from feeding when hungry The Beast must be satisfied.


VIA VENATOR UMBRA

The Grey Hunters are something of an anomaly among the Ferals. They do not hate civilization.

Indeed, they believe that as the mortals flock to their cities and towns, so too must the Cainites. This

isas it should be, for a hunter must move with its prey
Additional Et

* Civilization must become home to Cainites, as it is home to our prey.

hics of the Grey Hunter

* Alliances and agreements can be used to your advantage. Only a fool disregards a possible

source of strength
© The pleasures of civilization can delight the Beast. Take advantage of them as
you desir
Practices:
the Beast. To be considered one, a Feral must stalk, seduce and feed upon a mortal and
ensure that her (or his) disappearance brings no suspicion onto the hunter.

The Grey Hunters are the scoundrels, scholars and seducers of the Road of

Grey Hunters enjoy gathering at feasts and other mortal revels. They usually select
avictim as the evening's sport, who is to be
They often correspond and enjoy traveling to each other's domains. Hospitality is a great
pleasure to them, but they guard their domains ruthlessly and will not tolerate

educed and killed by the successful hunter.

‘uninvited
guests."

Virtues: Conviction, Instinct

HIERARCHY OF SINS AGAINST THE GREY HUNT

Score Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale

10 Failing to offer hospitality to an Prey is plentiful. To hoard is needless.

invited (or announced) visitor

Avoiding an opportunity to hunt in the wilds _ The Beast can run free in the wilds.

Not hunting an easy target when the One should not allow one's skills to weaken.
opportunity presents itself

Shunning a gathering or celebration The Grey Hunt depends on contact with others.

Avoiding contact with the civilization The wilds are doomed. Civilization is the futur

Making a sacrifice for a stranger You owe others nothing.

Refusing to kill when important to your safety Nothing is more important than survival.

Failing to defend your territory Those who do not defend their territory have it taken from them.

Showing mercy to an enemy Mercy is for the weak.

Abstaining from feeding when hungry The Beast must be satisfied.

a Ca TERE

ae + CHAPFERTHR

Disiplines

Regardless of their clan, there are a number of
Disciplines all Ferals consider to be highly valuable.
What follow are some unique powers of the blood that
the Ferals have developed. They are considered to be
the domain of the Road of the Beast only, and any
Cainite following another road would need to have a
good explanation as to how she learned any of the
techniques. Ferals do not take kindly to others shar-
ing in their secrets and hunting techniques.

Ennoia's Mastery
Animalisms, Brotean >

Supposedly, Ennoia could take the shape of any
beast she desired. This power, while not so dramatic
as that, allows the Cainite to borrow characteristics
from various creatures to adapt her body to her envi-
ronment. Claws grow long to assist tree-climbing,
skin (or fur) changes color or texture to aid camou-
flage and so on. This power allows the Cainite to
become, in effect, the perfect hunter in whatever
environment she finds herself it.

This power is much favored by followers of the
Path of the Hunter, for it allows them to stalk more
varied types of prey.

System: The player spends a blood point and
makes a Wits + Survival roll (difficulty 6). For each
success, one feature can be changed. Generally speak-
ing, each alteration reduces the difficulty of a roll
associated with hunting or outdoor survival by two.
Possible changes include:

© Claws: In addition to doing aggravated damage
(as per normal), the Cainite's claws become curved to
assist climbing. Subtract two from the difficulty of all
climbing rolls.

* Eyes: The Cainite's eyes become attuned to
movement as opposed to clarity of vision. Subtract
two from the difficulty of vision rolls to spot a moving
target, add one to the difficulty of vision rolls to spot
a hidden or camouflaged target.

¢ Feet/Hands: The Cainite's feet (and, if de-
sired, hands) flatten and spread, allowing for better
purchase and unimpeded movement on ice and snow.
This modification negates all penalties to movement
rates for running through heavy snow (or marshes,
sand and other soft surfaces) and reduces the diffi-
culty of all rolls to keep one's footing on treacherous
surfaces (such as ice) by two.

Note that these features can be combined with
other powers. For example, a Cainite could use Form
of the Beast (Protean 4) to assume the shape of a

hunting beast, and then use Ennoia's Mastery to
further adapt it if desired.

Experience Cost: 21
MET: (Pre-requisites Basic Animalism, Interme-

diate Protean, experience cost 21)
Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Survival).
pending

Success allows one feature to be changed
additional Mental Traits allows for extra changes on
a one-for-one basis, with no more than four changes
permitted on asingle subject. Some suggested changes:

Claws: Inflict aggravated damage and curve to
allow a two-Trait bonus on climbing challenges.

Eyes: Gain two bonus Traits on challenges to spot
moving targets and suffer a one-Trait penalty on hid:
den or camouflaged targets that are remaining still.

Feet/ Hands: Flatten and spread to negate all
penalties to movement in soft surfaces (snow, swamps,
sand) and gain a two-Trait bonus to keep your footing
on ice or other treacherous surfaces.

These features may be combined with other powers
(which require the usual expenditures and challenges).

Lest theMad
Animation 3, Auer

This power is chiefly used by Wardens to test the
sincerity of pilgrims who wish to visit Feral holy sites
Some Lorekeepers also employ it to check the verac-
ity of Cainites who approach them wishing to be
taught the lore of the Road of the Beast.

The Feral begins asking the suspect Cainite a
series of questions about the Beast or asks them to
begin hunting. The nature of the test is not realy
important. The Feral is actually watching the way the
other Cainite speaks and acts to see if the Beast is
truly just below the surface, guiding her actions.

System: The player rolls the character's Road
rating (difficulty 8). The Storyteller might want to
make this roll in secret so the player doesn't know
whether the information she gets is true or false. Each
success indicates how clearly the Feral can determine
the motives of the stranger. A botch indicates that
the Feral perceives the stranger as a senior follower f
the Road of the Beast immediately.

1 success: Can determine whether the strangeris
hostile to the Road of the Beast.

2 successes: Can determine whether the stranger
is interested in the Road of the Beast.

3 successes: Can determine whether the stranger
is a Feral or not.

4 successes: Can determine whether the
stranger is a Feral or not, and if so, what path (if
any) he follows.


5 successes: As above, but can also place the
stranger's Road rating in one of the following catego-
ties: low (1-4), medium (5-7) or high (8-10).

Note that if the target is not a follower of the
Road of the Beast, the character cannot determine
what road she actually walks.

Experience Cost: 21

MET: (Prerequisites Intermediate Animalism and
Basic Auspex,

This ability is used to seek out fellow Ferals and
to gauge a Cainite's interest in the Road of the Beast.
Begin by engaging the target in conversation or bring-
ingthem ona hunt. After a few minutes of observation,
make a Mental Challenge. Success determines
get is indeed a fellow Feral. On
aloss, make a second Simple Test. If the user loses this
test, the target appears to be a senior follower of the
Road of the Beast. Spend additional Mental Traits for
the following: One Trait, to learn if the subject is
hostile to the Road of the Beast; two Traits, to learn
what path the subject follows; three Traits, to find out
the subject's Road rating. This power does not allow
you to learn what road the target actually follows if
she is not a Feral.

Rooke the Gift of Adam
Animalisn +, Brotean +

God created Adam in His own image and gave
nesis says. The

experience cost 21)

whether or not the tar

him dominion over animals, or so G.

Ferals, however, know how fickle God can be. This
bizarre power is sometimes used by Ferals who have
no interest in diablerie, but who wish for a hunt more
challenging than chasing animals, and more satisfy-
ing than chasing a terrified mortal.

It allows the Feral to transform a mortal into an
appropriate beast to be hunted. The mortal retains
none of his conscious memories or personality, but he
does keep his intellect. This allows a human who has
been transformed into a stag, for example, to use his
horns to shift a lever, push a cart and so on

Ferals who make use of this power claim that it
allows them to experience the greatest hunt of all. It
remains controversial, though, even among follow-
ets of the Path of the Hunter, some of whom regard
such manipulation of the natural order as the worst
kind of blasphemy.

System: The Feral must capture and subdue a
mortal. The mortal is then given a draught of the
Cainite's blood (two blood points is usually suf
cient) while the Cainite concentrates his will and
begins touching the body parts to be transformed,
drawing the weak Beast within the mortal to the
surface and readying it to run.


The ritual takes about five minutes to complete,
as the mortal is progressively transformed into a stag
or other similar beast. Body mass does not change by
more than 10% or so unless the Cainite uses more
blood (one blood point per additional 10%). This
blood can be pooled, and there are stories of packs
who have transformed strong mortals into mighty
creatures indeed. Only the leader of the pack needs to
know this power. The other pack members simply
contribute their vitae.

The transformed mortal will instinctively flee
the Cainites who created it, but he will use whatever
cunning and intelligence it had as a human to avoid
its pursuers

The effect wears off at the end of the night,
whereupon the mortal will be rendered unconscious
and naked, but with full and clear memories of what
happened to him. Many victims of this power are
driven mad by the memories. If they survive, though,
the Ferals usually either kill them out of mercy or
proclaim them worthy of the Embrace.

Experience cost: 28

MET: (Prerequisites Animalism through Ride the
Wild Mind and Protean through Form of the Beast,
experience cost 28)

This power changes a human target into a prey
animal such as a stag. Once a mortal target is caught
and subdued, he is fed at least two Traits of blood, and
the power is enacted, starting with a touch on the
parts to be transformed. (As the target is supposed to
be subdued, this requires no challenge.) The ritual is
complete in five minutes, during which time the
mortal transforms as his Beast comes to the surface. If
the target is fed more blood, he gains greater body
mass (one Trait for 10% increase). Packs can pool
their blood for this transformation, yet only the leader
need know how to enact this ritual. The new animal
has no human understanding or memories, but it still
possesses the Mental Traits it had as a human and will
use them to their fullest extent to avoid its pursuers.
At the end of the night, the mortal reverts to his
normal form, complete with his memories of the
night's activities. Lupines and others who are inti-
mately familiar with the behavior of prey animals will
know there is something wrong with a deer or the like
that can push a cart or work a lever.

Merits and Flaws

The following is a collection of new Merits and
Flaws that are especially appropriate for followers of
the Road of the Beast. Check with your Storyteller
before purchasing any for your character, and pay
heed to any limitations she may have placed on them.

Mind of the Prey sept, Merit

You are able to think like a hunted beast, which
enables you to second-guess your prey and anticipate |
the moves that it will make.

When hunting in the wilds, lower the difficulty |
of all hunting rolls by two. When hunting mortals,
this gift is slightly less useful. The difficulty on hunt-
ing rolls drops by one. The Merit is ineffective when
hunting other Cainites, for all Cainites, regardless of
road, are predators.

MET: Gain two bonus Traits for challenges relat
ing to hunting animal prey in the wild. Gain a single
bonus Trait for hunting mortals. This Merit gives no
benefit when hunting Cainites.

Good Mimic zzpt. Merit

You have studied the behavior of wolves or are
simply a naturally good mimic of their behavior.
Whenever you assume the form of a wolf using Pro-
tean, you may subtract one from the difficulty of all
Animal Ken rolls to fit in with a pack of wolves, as
well as from any Animalism difficulties to communi-
cate with or control them

When associating with werewolves, the Animal
Ken bonus still applies, but only when you are in wolf
form. You will still need to cover your scent (ot lack
thereof) somehow

MET: Gain a bonus Trait for Animal Ken or
Animalism challenges relating to attempts to blend in
with a pack of wolves. Most times, they will think
you're one of the pack and give you little trouble. This
Merit will work with werewolves only when you're in
wolf form, and they will notice things that are wrong
with you, like a lack of scent. Werewolf Gifts that can
scry supernatural creatures will pick you out.

Leader of the Pack Fpt, Merit

You have an aura of command about you, a raw,
forceful presence that others find difficult to ignore.
Others turn to you as a leader in times of conflict ot
whenever physical action is required. Mortals in-
stinctively submit to your leadership in times of stress
and physical threat

Lower by two the difficulties of all Intimidation,
Leadership and Etiquette rolls when dealing with
such situations. Other Cainites are affected by this
aura as well, but only if they are ofa higher generation
than your character

MET: Gain two bonus Traits for challenges relat.
ing to leadership, intimidation or etiquette during
stressful situations or conflicts when mortals turn t0
you for help. Cainites are affected by this aura if they
are of a higher generation than your character.

*ROAD-OFTHEBEAST:

=32,4¢%

Scent of the Beast F-pt. Merit

Your body exudes the scent of a predator, and
any Cainite who is able to follow a scent will iden-
tify you as a beast (such as a wolf or a bear, or perhaps
alarge hunting dog) rather than as a Cainite. Cainites
using Auspex are able to accurately identify your
true nature with a successful Perception + Survival
roll (difficulty of your character's Road rating or 7,
whichever is higher). Animals likewise fear you as
they would a large predator, but they do not feel the
same fear of the supernatural from you that most
Cainites instill

For some reason, werewolves can usually detect a
Cainite with this Merit for what she is with very little
effort (Storyteller's discretion).

MET: Your scent identifies as a bear, a wolf or
other large predator animal should a Cainite attempt
to track you by scent. With a successful use of Auspex
(Mental Challenge, retest with Survival), your tracker
can identify you as a Cainite. Animals treat you as
they would a large predator, rather than as a Cainite
Werewolves can spot you with little difficulty on
their part.

Obsessed with the Hunt zzpt. Flaw

In conversation, you cannot help phrasing every-
thing in terms of the hunt. You do not speak of rivals
and enemies, you speak of prey. You do not speak of
nations and coteries, you speak of territories and
packs. This Flaw can be regarded as a quirk at first, but
it quickly becomes annoying. This Flaw must be
roleplayed, and your Storyteller will impose penalties
on Social rolls (normally only a +1 to difficulties, but
possibly more depending on the circumstances) as
she sees fit.

Alternatively, you may speak little but always act
as if you are hunting. You shift position, cock your
head to listen and then suddenly jump on a table,
stalk slowly across a room, bare your teeth when
angered and so forth

MET: You're obsessed with the hunt to the point
that it interferes with your social interactions. You
may phrase your conversations in terms of the hunt,
or you may act like a hunting animal. Obviously this
behavior will not endear you to more "civilized"
company, and you suffer a one-Trait penalty on social
interactions in a "polite" setting like an Elysium. At
Storyteller discretion, you may suffer other penalties
in some social situations.

Laste of the Rill spt. Flaw

You refuse to consume blood that does not come
from a kill that either you or your pack has made

ae

+ GHAPTERTHREE~

aE Vere y
=e
42
= mam
tee

directly. You cannot have food brought to you, and
you cannot feed from the drugged, drunk, sleeping or
helpless. You draw sustenance as much from the act of
stalking and slaying your terrified prey as from the
vitae itself. This Flaw makes social situations difficult
and it also means that you need to hunt (and kill)
your own prey every few nights

If you are low on blood and are unable to
hunt (for example, if you are being held hostage
or are extremely weak), you may make frenzy
rolls as per normal (see Dark Ages: Vampire,
page 263). If you frenzy, you may feed from what-
ever source is available.

MET: You prefer to take your blood as a hunter
— by stalking and killing suitable prey. You will not
drink from incapacitated prey or allow yourself to be
fed like a pet hound. If you become hungry enough
due to blood lack ot inability to hunt, make frenzy
challenges and slake your thirst on whatever's handy.

Face of the Beast pt. Flaw

Like the Gangrel, you gain animal features when
you frenzy as the Beast leaves its mark on your body
Each time you frenzy, you gain an animal feature.
Every five such features permanently reduce one of
your Social Attributes (Charisma, Manipulation or
Appearance) by one.

Gangrel cannot take this Flaw.
MET: As the Gangrel Clan Disadvantage.

Heart of the Beast pt. Flaw

Like the Brujah, you have difficulty resisting
frenzy. The Beast lies close to the surface in you, and
frenzies are your usual reaction to stress, setbacks or
other difficulties. Raise all frenzy difficulties by two.

Brujah cannot take this Flaw
MET: As the Brujah Clan Disadvantage.

Artifacts Lerts

The following isa selection of artifacts and texts
of particular significance to the Ferals. They are
intended to act as springboards and ideas for gener-
ating stories, not as a list of treasures to be acquired
and collected by the characters of an ambitious
group of players

Artifacts

Ferals rarely place faith or value in "holy arti-
facts," as they generally prefer to place their faith in
tooth and claw rather than relics. Nevertheless, there
are a few items that followers of the road, as a whole,
views as significant.

paths;
Cree


The Vone

This item, known to Ferals simply as "the Bone,"
is the jawbone that Caine used to murder Abel. It is
rumored to have various mystical properties, ranging
from curing vampirism to granting enlightenment to
instantly destroying any Cainite who touches it.

Iwas kept in the valley of Abel's murder for some
time, but it mysteriously vanished some 500 years
ago. Wardens have searched for it ever since, but no
trace of it has been found. Were it to surface in the
hands of any other sect, road or clan, the Ferals would
stop at nothing to reclaim it.

Horns of the Hunter

There are a number of these horns, each reput-
edly made from the horns of a beast killed by a mighty
hunter, usually either Caine or Ennoia. As with the
Bone, the powers attributed to the horns vary, and
each one is unique.

Unlike the Bone, which no Feral has ever admit-
ted to seeing, the horns are undeniably real. They can
usually be found in the hands of pack leaders and
other great warriors. The powers they grant vary but
may include control over natural predators, the abil-
ity to flush prey from hiding places and the ability to
cause all who hear the horn to frenzy.

Recently, one of these horns fell into the hands of

n Italian Ventrue named Guiseppe Baggio. Guiseppe
has been intermittently pursued by Ferals ever since,
but he has eluded capture thus far.

The Flesh of the Hunted

The Flesh of the Hunted allows any Cainite
who eats it to take the form of the animal from
which the flesh has been prepared. Once a carcass
has been obtained, any Feral with a Road rating of
8 or better may attempt change it into the Flesh of
the Hunted. Doing so requires an Intelligence +
Occult roll, difficulty 8. Each roll takes an entire
night's work and requires part of the carcass to be
ritually skinned and smoked. Each success creates
one portion of the flesh, which must be consumed
within two nights or it loses its power. Regardless
of the number of successes generated, the proce-
dure uses up the entire carcass.

To use the flesh, the Cainite simply eats it (the
normal problems with consuming solid food do not
apply, but the Cainite gains no blood points from the
flesh either). Over the next five turns, the Cainite
transforms into the animal the flesh was taken from.
The form holds until the next sunrise, and the Cainite
retains all of her mental faculties and Disciplines.
(Some powers may not be usable in the new form,

though. See page 206 of Dark Ages: Vampire.) Yet,
the Cainite also retains her weaknesses. Fire and
sunlight still cause aggravated damage and still in-
duce Rétschreck, and she still loses one blood point
each night

To resume her natural form, the Cainite simply
concentrates for a moment (the player rolls Will:
power, difficulty 7; one success is sufficient) and the
magic is undone. If the roll fails, the
wait another night and try again. If it botches, the
Cainite has forgotten her true nature and cannot
resume her natural form for (10 — [Road rating])
weeks. A Cainite in this predicament avoids sunlight
instinctively, but only feeds on blood if the animal
whose form she wears is a predator

Terts and Tales

Despite the general reluctance of Ferals to write
anything of their beliefs and practices down, there are
few exceptions. This section describes two of them,
along with the road's central epic.

Cainite must

The Correspondence of Wodrigo

Rodrigo is an Iberian Brujah and a Grey
Hunter. In recent decades, he has been engaged in
the project of writing down as much as he can
about the road
notes and thoughts into a great manuscript. He is
a great believer that the Road of the Beast is the
only road of salvation for the Children of Caine,
and he is always willing to discuss its tenets and
beliefs with others.

Rodrigo has been collecting his

He also engages in regular correspondence
with other Ferals and a few other scholarly
Cainites. They send circular letters to each other
and have far-ranging debates on the nature of
Cainite existence, the myths attached to it and
the lessons to be learned from mortal philosophers
and churchmen

As a result, letters and other documents from
Rodrigo may be found almost anywhere there are
Cainites. Most of them are not particularly insightful
or damaging. (Rodrigo is no fool, and he is aware of
the risks of correspondence.) There are a few that he
cannot account for, though, and he would be glad to
re-acquire them

Several of the more reactionary followers of
the Road of the Beast would be horrified if they
were to learn of Rodrigo's activities. They would
most likely see writing down information about the
road asa betrayal of its great truths to the weak and
civilized fools who pursue them. Were this to hap-
pen, it is likely that Rodrigo would be forced to
fight for his unlife.

escceargs

The Grey Book

Charisse de Grey wrote down many of the prin-
ciples of courtly hunting before she vanished. The
whereabouts of these writings — collectively called
the "Grey Book," although no-one knows for certain
if they have ever been collected into a single volume
—are unknown. Fragments appear from time to time,
and they are eagerly sought by the Grey Hunters, who
are always keen to gain further insights and instruc-
tion from their name:

According to rumor, Charisse still exists and is
manipulating this faction of the Cainite world by
releasing new pages of the book with suggestions and
instructions that slowly act to bend the will and
behavior of those who read them to her. These rumors
could quickly be resolved by handing over some pages
toa Tremere for analysis, but no Feral would be so

foolish as to do so.

The writings themselves vary, from primers on
courtly intrigue to explicit instructions on how to
stalk and kill one's prey. They all appear to be written
in the same hand and by the same author.

Ennoia's Tale

Ennoia's Tale is the central myth for the Feral:
The tale is an epic poem that, in its full form, takes
several hours to recite and is usually performed by a
small team of performers, who take turns voicing the
different parts and narrating the events:

The tale tells of Ennoia's birth, her learning at
the feet of Caine, her wandering and temptations
in the wilderness and the insights that eventually
led her to found what is tonight known as the Road
of the Beast.

To perform the tale is an extended action, with a
total of 10 successes needed (20 for the full version of
the tale). More than one Feral may contribute to this
roll, as per the cooperation rules in Dark Ages:
Vampire (page 118)

Cainites who hear the full tale may, at the
Storyteller's option, use it asa moment of truth and
take the opportunity to advance on the Road of the
Beast. An extended Willpower roll with five total
successes is needed to keep one's attention suffi-
ciently focused on the tale.



(HAPTER ROUR:

SAVAGES

..for he is bettir shaped and strenger for to do
harme than eny other beest...

— Surtees, Handley Cross

The Road of the Beast is not for the weak. Not all
Cainites are strong, honest and brutal enough to endure its
rigors. In the end, even the weak end up reinforcing the
tenets of the road, as their give of their blood to strengthen
those hardy souls who revel in the Beast's kiss.

Six such souls are detailed here. These templates can be
used as characters for players as written, or merely serve as
inspiration. Likewise, the Storyteller can use them as sup-
porting cast for the coterie: sources of inspiration, allies... or
implacable foes.

After the templates are descriptions of some notable
Ferals. Not all are famous or even widely known, but together
they are a sample of the great diversity of belief and practice
the Road of the Beast accommodates. The Storyteller should
use them in her chronicle as she sees fit


DIABLERIST

I'm hungry.

power that you can do what you want, when you
want. The Amaranth is simply a means to that
end. You are sometimes troubled by the souls
you have consumed, but never by the fact that
your secret would make you an outcast and a
fugitive if it were revealed.

Prelude: The youngest daughter
of a minor noble family, you seethed -
with quiet resentment at the prefer-
ential treatment handed out to your
brothers and older sisters. You much
preferred to spend your time alone
exploring the woods.

Then your father arranged a mar-
riage for you. You hated the idea,
so you ran away, but you couldn't
outrun your father's influence.
His men found you and Amgay
brought you home within a =

week. Enraged at your li
own powerlessness, you

were not so much mar- 4

ried as disposed of. Se

Life with your new mas-
ter — you refused to call him YAN
"husband" — was dismal. All but Si
imprisoned on his estates, you !
were not even allowed to
journey to the nearby vil-
lages without an escort of i
bodyguards. Your entry into
the ranks of the unliving was
equally forced. Returning one
evening froma rare trip to the
market, a ravenous Cainite at-
tacked your carriage and tore
through your bodyguards. Left for
dead, you awoke the next night
with a howling thirstand aseem-
ingly limitless fury. Ithas served
youwell. You tracked down your
sire and slew her for damning
you. Since that night, you have
determined to do whatever is
necessary to ensure your
power and survival. You're
tired of others imposing
their will upon you,

Once you learned to fully understand

your condition, you realized that the

princes dominate the neonates and
ancillae just as your father dominated

you. Not being strong enough to chal-
lenge them, you have decided to
make common cause with a coterie
of hardy Cainites. You are learning
much from them and are waiting
for the right time to broach the
subject of the Amaranth.

Concept: Your fury shows little
sign of abating. You have decided
that the only way to free yourself of
the power of others is either to

deprive them of their power, or to
take power for your own. Every-
thing you do is directed toward
that goal. If you can't raise your-
self up, you'll settle for dragging
others down.

Roleplaying Hints: Freedom is
your goal, pure and simple. All your
mortal life you had to bottle your rage
and endure your helplessness. Not
anymore. Now that you have be-
come undead, you intend to make
yourself as powerful as possible,

that no being can ever command
you again. In time, if you survive,
you may come to realize that
power comes in many forms.

For now, though, your
goals center on
physical and super-
natural might.

so you're going to Equipmene
make sure you , : traveling clothes,
have enough Oy.

-ROADOFTHEBEAST-

vAMiieTO

Name: Nature: Survivor Generation: 10th
Player: Demeanor: Monster Concept: Diablerist
Chronicle: Clan: Gangrel Haven:
is Physical ‘ F social Mental
Strength 0000. Charisma. @@e@00000 Perception__@@®®00000
Dexterity. 0000. Manipulation_e@@@00000 _Intelligence__e@@00000
Stamina, 000000 Appearance__@@000000_ Wits. @@e@00000
Talents Skills __ Knowledges
Alertness. 000000 AnimalKen_p9000000 Academics___@@000000
Athletics. e00000 Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_p p09 00000
Brawl @ 000000 Commerce__9 9000000 !nvestigation__o 90000000
Dedge_____eeeoooo0o Cralts___oo000000 Law_ 00000000
Empathy. oo0000000 Etiquette__@e000000 Linguistics____@ 0000000
Expression__99000000 Melee____o0 0000000 Medicine____0 0000000
Intimidation__@e@o000000 Performance_ggo000000 Occult_____0 0000000
Leadership__9 9000000 Ride_____eeoooooo Pulitics____o 0000000
Legerdemain__9 99000000 _ Stealth 00000 Seneschal___eeo000000
Subterfuge @@000000 Survival___eeoooco00o Theology____go0000000
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Fortitude 0000000 Contacts @@000000 -Conscience/Conviction @ ® @ OO
Protean @@00000 Generation @@®000000 —rEaras
00000000 Resources _@®O0000000 SeifControl/Instinct @ @@ 00
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage. @e0e0
== Other Traits Road Health
90000000 © Beast (Hunter Bruised Oo
00000000 Hurt Ei
fyo00000 ee eee ee Injured 10
00000000 _ Aura: enace__( 0) Wondad 2 0
O00 ill Mauled 2
00000000 —— Willpower ciple 5 Ol
Bae e@oeeeeeecono Incapacitated
O EE)
00000000 a Weakness

00000000
ee
00000000

00000000


PHILOSOPHER

Fascinating. But wrong, The "higher" soul rules at the "lower" soul's pleasure.

were not interested in being this companion,
she flew into a rage. Unmoved, you continued
your studies. Three nights later, she greeted
the sun. You took some notes on her

Prelude: You were a bright child.
So bright, in fact, that your local
monastery saw your potential and
made you a novice. Your parents
were glad to be rid of you, and you behavior and assumed her influence at

discovered a new world of words and
learning. You were fascinated by ev-
erything you read, but your particular
interest in Greek and Egyptian phi-
losophy caused some conster-
nation, especially when your Bib-
lical studies fell behind.

You didn't care. You were fas-
cinated by Plato's theory of the
soul, convinced that his insight
should be incorporated more fully
into the teachings of the Church.
The fact that he was a pagan did
not, in your opinion, reduce the
quality of his ideas in any way. How
could Plato have been expected to
follow Christ before the Savior's birth?

The monks didn't like you, but
their master, a Nosferatu who laired in
a crypt near the monastery, was in-
trigued. Desperate for the companion-
ship of a mind unshackled by the
Church, she Embraced you on the very
night you met.

Your first reaction was one of horror,
but joy soon took its place. You reveled in
your strength and in the power of the
Beast. Here at last was an opportunity to
test Plato's theories first-hand. Could
the obedient white horse of reason and
the wild black horse of passion be recon-
ciled? Could they be harnessed together
to draw the chariot of the soul? Every
moment, every sensation was a test, a
potential source of knowledge

Your sire didn't understand. You
relished your new existence, but she
had never gotten over the shock of her
transformation. She wanted a
companion, a kindred soul
to ease the loneliness of
the long nights ahead. -

When it became clear you

the monastery
Concept: You are a rest-
less seeker of both
knowledge and experi-
ence. Now that you have
been given an everlasting
existence, you're determined
to unlock its secrets. You are
particularly interested in the
writings of Plato and his pu-
pil, Aristotle. Some night, you
will journey to Greece. Surely,
the Cainites there are more
enlightened than these fearful
Christian vampires. All they
seem concerned with is tem-
poral power. You sneer at
such crass avarice. The only
possessions that interest you
are your books and scrolls,
which you guard jealously.
You'd be willing, however, to
show them to a student or
fellow scholar who seemed
genuinely interested
Roleplaying Hints:
You find your condition fas-
cinating and you're always
delving into religious,
philosophical and meta-
physical texts in an
attempt to understand
it better. You are also
fascinated by the Beast
and your relationship to it, so
you never shy away from letting
your instincts guide you when
necessary. Your goal is toachieve
the perfect balance between
reason and instinct.
Equipment:
books, scrolls, ragged
clothing


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength___"¢ @0000
Dexterity___

Stamina,

Talents
Alertness___90 0000000
Athletics__@90000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. @@000000
Empathy. 00000000

_ Expression__@ @000000
Intimidation__9 9000000
Leadership__0 0000000
Legerdemain__@ @000000
Subterfuge __0 0000000

be
VAMPEEO

Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Caretaker
Clan: Nosferatu

= ___-ACCRIBUCES.

Social
@@e@00000 Perception, @@0@8@0000

Charisma,

@000000 Manipulation_e@eeo00000
@000000 Appearance__%OOO0O0000 Wits

Skills
Animal Ken_9 9000000
Archery__@@000000
Commerce__9 0000000
Crafts____0 0000000
Etiquette___@ 90000000
Melee. —@®0000000
Performance_9 9000000
Ride. Se 00000
Stealth___ee000000
Survival__9 90000000

Generation: 12th
Concept: Philosipher

Ce

Mental

Intelligence__@@@®0000

@000000

Knowledges
Academics____@@e@00000
Hearth Wisdom_@0000000

Investigation, O00000000

Law. 00000000
Linguistics___@@000000
Medicine _____90 0000000
Occult, @@000000
Politics, -®@000000
Seneschal___9 0000000
Theology____e@ee00000

f Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
 Animalism _@@ 000000 Contacts @@000000 secediOnavied
_ Obfuscate _@®000000_ Herd eccocoe mre [Conviction ©@@e0
00000000 _ Influence 0000000 SeifComroi/Instinct @©@@@0
00000000 _ Status @@000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage @@000
== Other Traits Road Health
eeeeeeee00 Hurt au
00000000 Injured 1
00000000 _ Aura:___Menace__( -1) Wounded 2
90000000 lloawer Mauled -2
00000000 Pp Crippled aa
00000000 e@e@eee00000 Tneapgoinated
00000000 Ay
0000000 eS areannas se —— Weakness
00000000 ee aaa earance rating of 0
ear,
' 00000000

~ 90000000

Experience

RAVAGER

Burn it down. Kill anyone who escapes.

Prelude: Your life was a struggle and told you to run. The chase was short and
from the day you were born. Your f terrifying, and it ended with your Embrace. You
family was poor, and you were a AWS, then feasted on your brigand companions and
sickly child, unable to work the KK' left for the deep wilderness with your sire. He
fields and fit only to beg for é taught you to nurture the Beast and its
alms. When your village - murderous rage.
was razed in the course a cig) Rie) Nex You treasure
of yet another local ¢ ee {the wilderness,
brawl between minor : but something
nobles, you were sepa- k in you longs to
rated from your family. ; take vengeance
You spent the remainder , iy j on those respon-
of your youth begging for ff = } sible for your suffer-
scraps of food and be- ing as a mortal. Only
ing scorned by the j when the last king has
"virtuous." You soon if JA} : é fallen and the last
realized that society BN ! ofsf house of God pulled
was simply a form of A, down will yoube content.
organized servitude if: Ba S87: Cainire:.csocteen

As you grew older, ff ‘ $ holds little interest for
you fell in with a band ; 1 ES you. It looks like the same
of brigands. You were , _ thing as mortal society — the
happy enough making a \\ P strong lording it over the weak.
living robbing from any- } 2) You have joined with a coterie of prom-
one too weak to defend Cl ising Cainites, for mutual protection
themselves. The moral- | and to lend strength to your cause. You
ity of youractionsnever i are certain that in time, your compan-
troubled your mind, | |) ions will see the truth in your words and
If society taught you Hg join you in your task of ruin.
anything, it was that } | Concept: You are the destroyer,
the strong preyed on Z //1 #2 the bane of civilization. If you'd lived
the weak. | } 300 years ago, you would have helped

One of the few pleasures sack Rome and destroy the empire. You
in your hard, brutal life was wA see nothing of value in the works of man,
You always went armed, of Ag Roleplaying Hints: You do not hesitate
course, but over a period of h to take what you want from civilization or to
time, you became convinced ey fy take advantage of the opportunities it creates,
that you were being watched. Ye but you would never consider "settling down" or
Eventually, the watcher SE i taking a place in society. You exist for your own
showed himself. One night you interests and, perhaps, those of any companions
awoke with a start (and an im- ¥ \/ you deem worthy of spending time with. You are
possibly strong hand over your : not necessarily an acknowledged leader,
mouth) asa thick-hewed fig- P but you are almost assuredly a war-
ure carried yousilently out ‘ lord when the situation calls for one.
of your camp. Equipment: short sword, leather

The stranger did not = jerkin
speak. He set you free


VAMPIESO

Name: Nature: Barbarian Generation: 9th
Player: Demeanor: Barbarian Concept: Ravanger
Chronicle: Clan: Brujah Haven:
a
Physical Social Mental
Strength___"@@@00000 Charisma__@@®000000_ Perception__e@@®00000
Dexterity. @@00000 Manipulation_e@000000 _Intelligence__. 00000
Stamina, @@@00000 Appearance__@e@000000 Wits.
~-ABIEICIOS ~— ‘a Q
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, @@000000 AnimalKen_gqgo000000 Academics___00000000
Athletics ee000000 Archery. @@e@00000 Hearth Wisdom_@@e@00000
Brawl, @@0@00000 Commerce__9 9000000 _Investigation__ 190000000
Dodge_____@0000000 Crafts 00000000 law 00000000
Empathy __9 9000000 Etiquette__90000000 Linguistics 00000000
Expression___9 0000000 Melee____eeeoooo0o Medicine____o0000000
Intimidation__g@e@eeoooo0o0 Performance_gq9000000 Occult_____ee000000
Leadership___e@e@oo00000 Ride_____o 0000000 Pulitics 00000000
Legerdemain__969000000 _ Stealth @@000000 Seneschal___09 0000000
Subterfuge _9 0000000 Survival__eeo00000 Theology____o0000000
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Celerity @@000000 Herd _@@000000
Potence @@000000_ Generation _@@@00000
900000000 OOOOO0O0O0O Sek Contrel/ Instinct @ @ @®00
00000000 00000000 aor
00000000 00000000 _ Courage. eecce
== Other Traits Road Health
90000000 Beast ( Savage) Bruised oO
00000000 eoeeeee00n0 Hurt al
Beyoo0000 Injured 10
00000000 Aura: Menace__( 0) Wounded 20
Lovononeyenerorel willsower —=— Mauled 20
00000000 powe Crippled 3s oO
See eaae @@eoeee00000 Incapacitated o
if
00000000 =F dP. am Weakness
900000000 See? ficulty to resist frenzy

00000000
00000000

Experience

Prelude: You don't think much about
your mortal life. Your upbringing was com- {
fortable enough, but you felt stifled and
constrained by the rules of "polite" society.
You yearned to be able to freely express the
great passions that lay in your breast.

You understand now that they were the
stirrings of the Beast. Your death has set it free
and provided you with constant inspiration.

Your fellow Toreadorsometimes look askance
at you and say your works lack subtlety, but
you notice that they never snigger when
you're performing, and that their works
areas dry as dust, devoid of real passion and
feeling. You care little for their bloodless
frivolities and petty intrigues. Yourmighty
passion isall that drives you and isall that
matters to you.

Youwereagreatdis- 4
appointmentto yoursire.
Embraced for your fine
singing voice and your
skill withpoetry, songand
scripture, you were ex-
pected to learn the polite
words and gentle songs he
so loved. But you soon dis-
covered your true
inspiration: the Beast. The
romantic courts, your sire
told you, hadno interestin
your tales of blood and
slaughter, but you could
see the jealousy in his eyes
as he spoke. Your parting
was not amicable.

It was easy for you to
learn the great tales of
the Beast taughtby the
road. In only a few
years, you became an
expert and were soon
composing new
tales. Doing so re-
quired you to
travel, which
you prefer to do in
the company of others.
Sometimes you stay in a town or

LOREKEEPER

Hear now the tale of Shabaqo the Nubian, apostate and traitor to the Beast.

city for years, particularly if there are stories,
to tell and deeds to record.
Other Ferals sometimes come to youto
learn the epic poems that tell the stories of
the road's exemplars. You love the flattery
and attention, and you love hunting with,
others, especially when they've underesti-
mated the savagery and lust of your Beast.

Recently, you decided to chronicle
the adventures of a small coterie of
fellow Cainites. You love having an
audience, and you are secretly hoping
that the power of your songs will be
enough to convince your fellows to
join you on the Road of the Beast.
Concept: You are the unconven-
tionalartist whocaresnotforherreputation
or the opinions of others. Alll that matters
toyouisyourwork. Youlovebeingruledby
your lusts and whims, and you love telling
stories and tales. Your existence isso care-
free that you haven't considered how it
might change when young Ferals come
looking to you for instruction, nor how
your coterie will react to having tales of
their deeds spread across the land.

Roleplaying Hints: You're always
on the lookout for new stories, songsand
poems, especially those that chronicle
the Beast and those who have suc-
cumbed to—orrisenabove—it
This has made you something
of an expert on the road, and
‘4 you are much in demand for
gatheringsand, occasionally, for
instruction. You're always
happy to oblige, sharing your
love of song and poem. You
alsorevelin the sensations
of the Beastandoftenletit
loose, reveling in the in-
tense sensationsit brings.
It's great fodder foryour

own compositions

y

Equipment:

fine clothes for
court appearances,
filthy clothes for travel:
ing, musical instrument (player'schoiee)


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength. @000000
Dexterity. @000000
Stamina___ @ ®@000000

Talents
Alertness. e@000000
Athletics, @0000000
r @0000000
Do @000000
Empathy @0000000

__@@®00000
timidation__@ 9000000
Leadership___61 0000000
Legerdemain__9 0000000
terfuge @@000000

aks
VAM

San

Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Gallant
Clan: Toreador

Social
Charisma. @0000
Manipulation__. 00000
Appearance___< 00000

at —————

EIGIES_,

Skills
Animal Ken_9 90 00000
Archery ___9 0000000
Commerce__90 0000000
Crafts____@0000000
Etiquette__ @ @@®00000
Melee____9 0000000
Performance. @@0000
Ride_____9 9000000
Stealth____ee000c0c00

Survival___90 0000000

mas)

Generation: 12th
Concept: LoreKeeper
Haven:

__ Mental
Perception. @00000
Intelligence__@®000000
Wits. @00000

Knowledges
Academics, @0000000
Hearth Wisdom_@Q0000000

Investigation__90 0000000
Law.

00000000
Linguistics____@@000000
Medicine_____9 0000000
Occult. 00000000
Politics. @@000000
Seneschal. 00000000
Theology____0 0000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex Ss @@OOO0000 $ Contacts _ ®0 000000 Ganscience Canvicti
Celerity @0000000 _ Resources 0000000 {Cony eee o8
Presence @@000000 | Status @@00000 Set-Controt/Instinct @@@@O
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000. Courage________®@e@00
Other Traits Road Health
See Beast Bruised O
20: Hurt 10
00000000 @@@e@e@e@e@000 race 1a
00000000 Aura:___Menace__( 0) Wounded 2 O
00000000 Wilsoxer ———= Mauled 2
00000000 Pp Crippled 9-5 O
90000000 @@@ee88000 Incapacitated L

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

00000000

me) OO

go

Weakness
‘aptured by beauty

SEDUCER

My dear Countess, you look po: s enough to bring out the Beast in me...

vely ravishing, Why, i
road-mates would find a welcome ha-
ven on your estates and your reputation
has grown. A visiting Toreador
showed you some of Charisse de
Grey's writings, and you promptly
devoted yourself to the Path of the
Grey Hunter. In a few years you'll
probably fake your own death and
perhaps leave your lands. For
now the story of your mad-
ness, and your odd behavior,
only make you more intrigu
, ing to the ladies you pursue.
Concept: Youare the snake
in the grass, the spider lying in
wait for prey to wander into its
web, the hawk that seeks outits
prey from afar. You are an ac-
complished hunter in the wilds,
but since mortals are the most
intriguing prey of all, you have
decided to test your skills
against them and take your
pleasures in their very halls
and pala
Roleplaying Hints: Un-
derneath the — smiling,
charming exterior, you area
true brute. Always be polite, even
obsequious if necessary, but never
forget a slight, and never neglect to
take revenge. You well understand,
however, (as many Ferals do not) that
sometimes a well-placed word or two
can do just as much harm as a well-
placed sword thrust. Once your preyis
isolated, strike swiftly and finally.

Prelude: Luxury. Privilege. These things
were your birthright. As a young nobleman,
you enjoyed the pleasures of your rank, and
none more so than the hunt. Nothing ex-
cited you more than chasing down your prey
with a well-trained pack of dogs and bring-
ingit to ground. Except, perhaps, for chasing
down the local ladies and bringing them
to bed. The hunt was what you lived
for, be it for sport or sex.

You do not know why you were
Embraced, but you suspect it was
meantas some kind of joke, that
you were not meant to survive.
You'd noticed signs that some-
thing was moving about your
hunting grounds, but you
couldn't determine what it
was. You camped in the wilds
one night with some retain-
ers and your dogs. You awoke
to find them all dead and a
hairy, man-like figure sitting
on your chest. It explained to
you what it was, and welcomed
you to its world.

es,

You ran all the way to your es-
tate, pursued by your sire. You must
have triumphed over him, for he never
caught you and you never saw him again
As your chamberlain came to your aid,
you tore out his throat with your bare
teeth. Eventually, this was explained away
as temporary madness, caused by an over-
exposure to the moon. For a time, the
local priest was wary of you, but he
suffered an unfortunate accident one
night. It's taken some time and some
replacement of your staff, but the house-
hold has begun to function nicely on

Equipment: You are quite
wealthy, so you can get your hands on
just about anything you need, from
heavy armor to the finest weapons to
artworks and manuscripts. Typically,

you wear expensive clothes of the

latest cut and carry a blade forged

in Damascus (an indulgence that

= has proved its worth on a num
ber of occasions)

your schedule.
You adapted well to your new
existence. You are largely self-taught
when it comes to the Road of the
Beast, but on your entry to Cainite
society, you discretely made it
known that both clan- and

-ROAD OPTHE BEAST -


VAMPIRES

Name: Nature: Monster Generation: 12th
Player: Demeanor: Gallant Concept: Seducer
Chronicle: Clan: Gangrel Haven:

Physical Soci _ Mental
Strength, ee00000 Charisma e@00000 Perception. @000000
Dexterity. @000000 Manipulation_@@@00000 _Intelligence__@@®000000
Stamina. @@@00000 Appearance @0000 Wits e ®000000
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, e@@000000 AnimalKen_gqgo000000 Academics. e@0000000
Athletics @0000000 Archery. @@00000 Hearth Wisdom_p 0000000

00000000 Commerce__9 0000000 _Investigation__@e@000000
ee000000 Crafts___oooooo000 Law_____o0000000
00000000 _ Etiquette__e@e@@00000 Linguistics___e 0000000

——e@e@000000 Melee____@e@eoo00o0 Medicine___o 0000000
Intimidation e0000000 Performance_gg000000 Occult. 00000000
Leadership_@@000000 Ride_____eeooooo0o Politics____eeooo000
- Legerdemain__gQ 000000 Stealth___o 0000000  Seneschal___oo0000000
subterfuge _e@eeoo000 Survival___90 9000000 Theology____o90000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

Animalisn __@ 0000000 Domain @@000000 : iss
Z € ISCIETICE| ti
Fortitude @0000000_ Herd 000000 {Conviction @@ @ 00

Protean @@000000 Influence @@000000  SeléControt/Instinct @@@00
OOOOOOOO - Resources @@@e@0000
00000000 ___ 00000000 Courage______e@eo0o
=— Other Traits Road Health
90000000 - Beast Grey Hunter Bruised Oo
00000000
Hurt -l
00000000 @&@&®@@e@@000 injure ei
00000000 Aura: Menace__( 0) Wounded 2
LOCC _——_ il eet: Mauled 2
00000000 = Willpower Crippled 5
A ne @eeeeee000 Incapacitated
00000000 B a As cl Weakness
00000000 ees inimal feature when frenzy
a
ooooooo0 OOOO

Experience

900000000

Se

ae

You are not welcome here. Leave.

a Warden. Now you wander Europe, running
errands for House Tremere and watching over
the road's sacred sites. Younevermen-
tion these to your clanmates. You
don't like the deception, but you
are loyal to your fellow Ferals and
you know that if you did pass the
information on, you'd probably be
ordered to quarantinethe
sites so that the Tremere
could use them for theit
own arcane purpos
Concept: Youaresome-
thing of an outcast from yout
\ clan, but your affinity for the
sacred sites you guard runsdeep.
Your fellow Usurpers find you
odd, and many of them dis:
trust you, despite the (quite
legitimate) research
project you're embarked
upon. Thisresearch involves
measuring the mystic emana-
tions from various cities and sites
around Europe in the hope of map-
ping the ebb and flow of magic
Roleplaying Hints: Not
many people understand you,
and you like it that way.
There'stoo much of the world
to see and learn about to
stay in just one place for
more than a year or to,
although as eternity be
gins to weigh upon you,
the speed of your travel
will most likely slow. You
enjoy watchingoverthe
road's sacred sites, and

Prelude: You were always happiest
when wandering. You ran away from home
several times as a child, but you were always
brought back. You couldn't help yourself. The
unknown lands that lay over the next hill
always seemed far more interesting than the
lands that lay at your back. You entered the
service of your local lord asa messenger and
out-rider, and your destiny seemed settled.

What youdid notknow was that your lord
served a greater master than his king. He was
a vassal of House Tremere, and your stal-
wartservice soon came to the attention
of his masters. As the war with the
Tzimisce began inearnest, the Usurp-
ersneeded agents capable of moving
about the countryside with confi-
dence (and discretion). You soon
became a trusted scout and messen-
ger. Afterproving your trustworthiness
and courage, you were given the
Embrace — and the most dan-
gerousmissionsanderrands.

Onyour travels, you
met Cainites of Clan
Gangrel and
learned from
them about the
Road of the

Beast and (more
specifically) the Path
of the Nomad. You
madenosecretofyourclan

and were forced to defend
yourselfmore than once. You
adopted the road with no
initiation or fanfare, and
earned the respect of other
Feralsby refusingto turn any
Cainites over to the Gar-

you're careful never to sy
toomuch about them in yout
reports. So far, you've been
able tomanage your divided
ties, but you fear
the night youll be
forced to choose.

Equipment:
3 travel gear, sword,

dune journal.

goyle pens.
Gradually, yougained
someknowledgeofthe
mystic arts, and
your restless
feet perhaps
made it inevi-
table that you
would become


VaAMriarS

Name: Nature: Fantatic Generation: 11th
Player: Demeanor: Loner Concept: Warden
Chronicle: Clan: Tremere Haven:

CCRIBUCES

Physical Social Mental

Strength, @00000 Charisma___e@@000000 Perception__e @@®00000
Dexterity__ 00000 Manipulation_e@@®000000 _Intelligence__@@000000
Stamina___ @0000 Appearance__@e@®000000 Wits 00000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness____@@e00000 AnimalKen_@eoo0000 Academics___@ee00000
Athletics____ @@o000000 Archery___eeeoc0000 Hearth Wisdom_gp qo 000000
Baw e@e000000 Commerce__qoQ000000 Investigation__9 0000000
Dodge____eeooo000 Crafts___eeooooo0o0 Law_____o00000000
‘Empathy ___oooo00000_ Etiquette__p 0000000 Linguistics___9 0000000
xpression__99000000 Melee____eeeooo000 Medicine____od 0000000
Intimidation__990000000 Performance_gqgaq00000 Occult_____eeo00000
Leadership___9 0000000 Ride_____oo000000 Pulitics____o0000000

00000 Seneschal___9 0000000

| Legerdemain__g 9000000 _ Stealth,
00000 Theology____o0000000

Subterfuge 0000000. Survival___

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex @@000000_ Generation @0000000 4% Convict
Dominate @0000000_ Herd @@000000 iConviction @ @ @00
Thaumaturgy @OOOO000 - Mentor @@000000 Self-Control Instinct e@00
Fortitude @0000000 ___ 900000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage. eo
== Other Traits Road Health
90000000 - Beast (Nomad ) Bruised
00000000
00000000 @@@@@e80000 eee 4
injures -
©0000000 _ Aura:___Menace__( 0) Wounded 2
00000000 Mailed 2
00000000 Crippled 5
00000000 @@ee@e@eee@0000 Incapacitated
00000000 a
00000000 Weakness

00000000

Partial blood oath
Peas :
i 00000000 Se Experience

00000000


Ferals of Note
Liolya the Eagle

Liolya always fancied herself a poet or storyteller. The
eldest daughter ofa peasant family on the steppes of Kievan
Rus,shelived forthe timeswhen thecaravansand minstrels
would pass through her village

Life washardand there seemednoend toherwork. Yet
something in her soul cried out for more than it seemed life
had in store for her. She took to walking in the woods at
twilight, listening to the birdsong and composing rhymes
and ditties to occupy herself. Onesummer,aband of traders
unlike any other passed through. The other villagers
whisperedamongthemselvesandshutup thetown, hoping
that they would pass through quickly.

Liolya couldn't help herself. She snuck out that very
night and crept through the woods to the spot where the
caravan had set up camp. What she saw would change her
life forever

Some kind of ritual was being prepared, that much
was clear. When strong hands lifted her from her hiding
place and carried her forward, terror overtook her. A pale
figure sat at the edge of the camp, eyeing her coldly. After
shewassecurely trussed, the figure approached her. Baring
its fangs, itcaressed herneck. .. and wastackled bya figure
that seemed to have leaped down from a tree. The camp
erupted into a chaotic brawl.

Liolya took no chances. She rolled under one of the
wagons and tried to escape her bonds, but it was no use.
Eventually, the fightingstopped. Allshecouldsee from her
vantage was bodies strewn about in various poses of death.

Finally, a friendly face appeared. The woman intro-
duced herself as Irene, and explained that she had been

hunting this particular band of traders for several weeks Is
leader was a monster, she claimed.

Liolya was too stunned to speak. Irene told her to
return to the campsite in a week's time if she wanted to
learn more. It was the longest week of her life

Irene explained that she wasa wanderer, free to roam
the Earth and answering to no one. She asked Liolya fshe
wanted to join her. Liolya did not hesitate to agree

For the next decade, they wandered together as Lidl
leamed the waysofher kind. She took great pride in leaming
the poems and myths of her road and travels now asa
Lorekeeper, meeting other Feralsand collecting (and etal:
ing) their stories

Profile

9th-generation Gangrel, childe of Irene

Embrace: AD 1210

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Intelli
gence 2, Perception 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Animal Ken 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3
Dodge 3, Expression 3, Hearth Wisdom 2, Lore (Ro.
of the Beast) 3, Occult 1, Performance 3, Stealth 2,
Subterfuge 2, Survival 3

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Fortitude 2, Protean2

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Status 3

Road: Beast (Path of the Nomad) 6

Instinct: 4, Conviction: 3, Courage: 3, Will
power: 6

Alessandro, the Hound of Seria

Alessandro deGarciaalways likedagood fight. Asaboy
in Madrid, he was a brawler, and as a man in Iberia he was
amercenary. He lovedacause, especially one that paid wel
But mostly, he loved battle, and Iberia had no shortage
opportunities for mercenary companies.

Ashegrewolder, however, herealized thathewouldat
be able to fight forever. Soldiering was a young mans
profession, and he became interested in the broader cur
rents in society. What wars were being fought, and why?
Who benefited, who suffered, and was there any pattemt0)
it all? These questions fascinated him, and as he made the
transition from soldier to administrator, they took upmore
and more of his time.

Eventually, he became convinced that there wes
some pattern to events, but he couldn't quite grasp it. He
began to seek out scholars and historians and eventually
came into the circle of a monk named Silvio Gonzales.
Gonzales was an eccentric, only emerging from his mon:
asteryatnight, butashe expounded histheories, Alessandro
could feel the pieces slowly falling into place,


Then Gonzales disappeared. A lessandrobegan search-
ing for his friend, but concern quickly turned to horror
when hereceiveda visit from adwarfwho brought with him
an extraordinary tale of monsters and corruption, of subju-
gation ofhumanity. Alessandro'ssuspicions aboutapattern
were well and truly confirmed—anditwasapattem ofevil,
very likely the work of Satan. The dwarf, who identified
himself only as Roy, Embraced Alessandro that very night
and made him one of the Lions of Rodrigo, an order of
Cainites dedicated to completing the Christian re-con-
quest of Iberia and the destruction of Infidels and heretics.

Alessandro soon soured on the Lions and their fanati-
cal ways, Instead, he turned his mind to understanding the
Cainite (and, he reasoned, human) predisposition to vio-
lence. Horrified by the quick and easy justifications for
murderand theft offered by religiousfanatics ofall faiths, he
has set his mind to understanding the Beast. He spent
several years traveling throughout Iberia, conversing with
‘Arabs, Muslims and Berbers about their philosophies.
These times were perilous, as word of his involvement with
the Lions of Rodrigo slowly followed him.

Alessandro is tireless in his evangelism for the Road of
the Beast, which doesnotalwaysendearhimtootherFerals.
Nevertheless, he is perpetually searching for potential
converts and for texts, myths and legends that might assist
his intellectual endeavors.

He has recently been active in the dangerous lands of
Eastern Europe, and has been spending time among the
variouspagancommunitiesofLithuaniaand the Ukraine. He
has found a number of their insights particularly useful and is
likely to remain in the area for some time.

Profile

LOth-generation Brujah, childe of Roy, Burner of
Mosques

Embrace: AD 1113
Apparent Age: mid 30s
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Intelligence 3,
Perception 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness3, Archery 2, Brawl
2, Dodge 3, Etiquette 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3,
Melee 4, Occult 2, Politics 2, Ride 3, Survival 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 3,
Presence 3, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 3, Status 2

Road: Beast 7

Instinct: 2, Conviction: 4, Courage: 3, Will-
power: 7

Laura di Salerno

Lth-generation Cappadocian, childe of Gianni

Embrace: AD 1097

Apparent Ages: Early 20s

Death had always fascinated Laura. Bom during the
last months ofa plague, scarcely a week went by during her
childhood when she did nocattenda funeral. She knew the
Massforthedead by heartbyage nine, and she used her time
in confession to ask questions about the soul and death.
Luckily, she was bom into a wealthy merchant family in
Milan, so she was able to pursue her intellectual interests
relatively unhindered. She wanted to study medicine but,
asa woman, she could not gain admittance to the classes.
Undeterred, she masqueradedasamalestudentatthenewly
founded UniversityofSalernoandgained entry intoaworld
of learning

Her idealistic notions of the "ivory towers" of leaming
were cruelly shattered one evening, when one of her
teachers saw through her masquerade and threatened to
expose her secret unless she submitted to his advances.
Unfortunately forhim, Lauraalwayscarrieda dagger. Inher
panic, she stabbed the surprised teacher in the throat.

Overcome by fascination, she kept him quiet and
observed him carefully as he died. Realizing the conse-
quences of her actions, she prepared to cut her wrists and
bleed to death beside him.

Unbeknownst to her, Gianni, a local Cappadocian,
had been observing Laura's progress with some interest. He
rescued her from her planned demise, and as she lay dying
inhisarms,hedecided togiveherthechance tostudydeath
first-hand.

Laura found her new existence very hard going. She
waseager tocontinue herstudiesand waseasily able to keep
up with her research, but she had a great deal of trouble
containingher bestial urges. Shesurmised thatit wassimply
case of her sanguine and choleric humors (since her new
dietundoubtedly tipped the balance toward blood) seeking

tobalance themselvesagainst heradmitted preponderance
toward melancholy and phlegmatism

Deciding to take matters into her own hands, she
began to study her Beast. She experimented with starv-
ing herself and recording her reactions to various types
of prey. She added different herbs and chemicals to the
blood she drank. She tried adhering toa number of strict
moral codes, and sought out teachers to explain the
basics of the other roads. But it was not until she decided
tospend some time in the wildsasa beast that she finally
found some peace. She learned to accommodate the
Beast by letting it satisfy its desires, and she initiated
herself onto the Road of the Beast.

Since taking up the road, she has left the company
of her clan, who now regard her as something of an
outcast due to her strange beliefsand practices. Itdoesn't
matter to her. She finds the lessons of the Beast most
instructive and isinvestigating the lessonsit has to teach
about death.

Constantine the Wise

8th-generation Malkavian, childe of Stavros

Embrace: AD 983

Apparent Ag 30s

Constantine lived by the Mediterranean. Even in
death, he remains by his beloved sea. A devout child, he
entered the priesthood and was eventually ordained in
Constantinople, where he looked forward to spending the
rest of his life serving God. But he did not find the peace or
rewards he had hoped for. Outraged by the corruption hesaw
in the Church, he became something of a radical, and his
outbursts against his superiors eventually saw him ejected

arly

Hewanderedtheslumsofthegreatcity, preachingtothe
desperate and destitute and taking pride in his piteous state

His health collapsed, and he spent his last months of life in
astate of near-frenzy, attempting to tend to the sick evens
fevers and chills wracked his body.

One winter's night, he lay down in a gutter. As cold
gave way to warmth and as his breath grew shallow, he
hearda voice whispering in his ear. His suffering was onthe
ofbeingrewarded witha great blessing, the voicesaid.
seless labors to help the dregs of society had shown
his piety. But before he could be blessed, he had one final
lesson to leam. It would be hard, and the road long, but if
he was bold enough and faithful enough, he would surely
serve God forever.

Withhisdyingbreath, hebegged the voice totakehim.
When he rose, he felt a terrible hunger within. Somehow,
he found himself amidst the very beggars and outcasts he
had ministered to. Then the Beast took over and he slew
them all, hungrily feasting on their blood.

Stavros, the "angel" who blessed him, explained that
the Beast inside was all his sins. His sacred task was to take
the sins of others into his soul by draining them of their
blood. When his soul was full and he could take no more,
God would open his arms and all the sins he carried —his
own and those of his victims — would be washed clean by
the blood he had spilled.

Constantine accepted his mission eagerly. He has
over the centuries, gained a measure of control over the
Beast and now chooses his victims with some care. He
typically lives in a city for several decades, selectively
murdering the wicked and the wealthy, often seducing
them, sometimes hounding them in a terrified flight
through the wilderness

Constantine is one of the foremost scholars of the
Road of the Beast, and he welcomes students. They must
hunt with him, however, and he puts them to hah
physical, mental and moral tests


OnceasimplesoldiertravelinginaGotharmy, Amulf
hasonly a dim recollection of his mortal days. He does not
know why he was Embraced, but he is grateful to his sire, a
Methuselah who has since had little to do with his childe.
Amulf wanted nothing from life beyond war, women and
loot. In the centuries of his existence as a Cainite, his
agenda has changed little. If anything, his existence be-
camesimplerstill, huntingbynightandsleepingby day. He
ent many centuries roaming Eastern Europe, and his
personal might grewevenasthe landsdeclined. Dedicating
hisunlife to the simplicity ofa true predator, he watched in
horroras the encroachments of civilization began to erode
the wilderness he loved.

Hisextensive knowledge of the lands and cultures of
Eastern Europe allow him to slip easily into any city or
group he encounters. His reputation for savagery and
destruction is legendary, but he is also capable of consid-
erable subtlety and cunning

In recent nights, Arnulf has become angry and con-
fused. Hisconsiderable physical power—he realizesthathe
isone of the most dangerous creatures actively stalking the
nights of Europe — has been of little avail in halting the
read ofcivilizationand theslowdestructionofhisbeloved
wilderness. He has decided on a course of action that he
believes will rid his lands of civilization's scourge.

He has allied himself with the Mongols massing on
Europe's eastern borders. Leaving his beloved lands for a
while, he intends toretum and bring with hima whirlwind
of blood, death and destruction. The fact that thousands
will die as a result means nothing to him.

He has been leaming the language and strange cus-
toms of his new hosts and has come to appreciate many

__aspectsof theirculture. Thisappreciation will notswayhim

from his course, though. He wants his lands freed of the

scourge of civilization, and if that means letting foreigners
conquer it, then so be it.

He has also mobilized his many childer, instruct-
ing his fractious brood to do what they can to halt the
spread of cities and civilization. Some have taken this
mobilization as a license to destroy and pillage, but
others are more circumspect. Morrow the Sage — in
many ways his most capable childe — is especially
uncertain about this instruction. She does not see
cities as something to be feared. Rather, she sees them
4s a source of prey and new challenges for a predator.

IfAmulfwere toleam of thisattitude, itis likely thathe
would personally hunt Morrow down and destroy her. Inthe
meantime, he lurkson the periphery of Europe, dreaming of
thenights when he can once more roam unfettered through
atrackless wilderness, hunting and siring at his leisure.

Those nights will never come again, and Arnulf is
beginning to suspect that his mission is futile. He is

determined, nonetheless, to destroy as much as he can.
His Beast will be satisfied with nothing less.

Morrow the Sage

Morrow is one of the leading figures on the Road of
the Beast, and she embodies its ideals in many ways. She
defends her home territory in Eastern Europe against
any aggressor but is willing and able to make alliances
with an eye to her long-term survival.

When she wasa child, Morrow's mortal family died
inabarbarian invasion. She was taken and raised by her
sire, Arnulf, to be the perfect killer. After 20 years of
instruction, he put her to a final test, which resulted in
her Embrace and abandonment.

She quickly found her place in Feral society, becoming
knownas "Morrow the Sage" forher wisdom and her ability
to use the faculty of reason as well as her Beast. She
encouraged Gangrel in the Balkans and Hungary to form
packs and resist the spread of civilization, and she came toa
truce with the Tzimisce Voivode Rustovich.

In recent years, she has turned her attention more
specifically onto two things: the encroachments of the
Tremere into her territory and the aftermath of the fall of
Constantinople. Amulf is concemed by the spread of
civilization into "his" lands and wishes his childe to bring
ahalt to it if possible. The balance of power in her region
is shifting, and she is concerned about the instability that
might result.

The Tremere have been capturing Gangrel for transfor-
mation into Gargoyles, and Morrow has led a number of
attacks on chantriesholding Animalscaptive. The Tremere
know of her existence but have been unable to track her
down. They are now doing their best to lay traps for her, but
they have been unsuccessful so far.

oa
+ GHAPTER-FOUR+


Morrowbelievesthat the Tremere must bestopped,and.
she is consideringan attack on one or more chantries. She is
concemed that the Usurpers might be studying the Road of
the Beast and fears what they might make of, or do to, it.

She is also vigilant against foolish idealists from
Constantinopleattemptingtoimporttheirbeliefsontoher
soil. She is aware of a number of Obertus monks who are
trying to establish a presence in her territory. These are
being watched carefully, and she is trying to find out what
Cainites are behind these moves. As a result, she has
isolatedanumber of Tzimisce and isstalkingthem carefully,
waiting for the best moment to strike.

Between these two concems, Morrow also takes time
to instruct her fellow Ferals in the ways of the Beast. She is
a largely silent teacher, who believes that actions define
character, notwordsorpoemsor thoughts. Perhapssurpris-
ingly, she doesnot share hersire's instinctive abhorrence of
cities and civilization. She realizes better than he that the
mortals will continue to spread and that it is the Children
of Caine who must adapt to new ways, for the spread of the
Children of Seth cannot be stopped.

Garakh

In life, Qarakh was a Mongol warrior who rode forth.
with Batu Khan. His blood brother, Aaiav, was of even
greater repute. Aajav was Embraced by Oderic, a wander-
ing Gangtel who had been impressed by his ferocity.

Aajav's Mongol Cainite elders were all of the Anda
bloodline (an offshoot of the Westem Gangrel), not Gangrel
like Qderic and Aajav. When Aajav petitioned them to be
allowed to Embrace Qarakh, there was deliberation as to who
shouldbestowdeathupon him. Aajav was, afterall, not Anda.

UnderOderic'sencouragement, heEmbraced Qarakh,,
but the blood brothers were forced to flee their homelands.

The Andado not take kindly to the unauthor
ofMongolsintoa foreign clan, and they have been hunting
the pair ever since.

Asaresult of this determined pursuit, Aajav has been
forced into torpor and Qarakh has retreated to lick his
woundsand gather hisstrength. He hassettled in Lithuania
andcometoapeaceableunderstandingwith the Telyavelic
Tremere, a branch of the Usurpers who still feel a strong
connection to their land's pagan traditions and magics.
This understanding does not extend to the Tremere in
general, however. Indeed, he is well aware of the threatthey
represent, and he does nothesitate to destroy their emissar-
ies and messengers when necessary.

Qarakh isa restless soul and although currently resid-
ing in Lithuania, he roams far and wide across Europe,
spreading terror wherever he goes. His fierce appearance
and the reputation of his mortal (and undead) kin precede
him. Fortunately for him, he has the capacity for pitiless
violence for which those kin are renowned.

Qarakh's wanderings have recently taken him into
the southeastern reaches of Europe. He has trav:
length of the Carpathians, observing rather than partici-
pating in the war between the Tzimisce and the Tremere.
He is essentially unconcerned with their struggle, but he
has slain a number of Cainites from both sides of the
struggle when they came too close to discovering his

presence
He has met once, briefly, with Morrow, whom he
respects. He is uninterested in teaching the Road of the
Beasttoothers, but he respects those (suchasMorrow) who
do. He attends gatherings in his travels, doing his best to
avoid drawingattention to himself, saying little and avoid-
ingfightswhereverpossible. He greatlyenjoysthestorytellers
and their poems and songs of violence and bloodshed.


ways and hidden r
faiths of th k Me
it with their own }

GAME STUDIO gl B46 1 weenie