# File: Road of Kings.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


: By Steven Kenson

Vampire created by Mark Rein-Hagen
Sos


Credits

Author: Steven Kenson, Vampire and the World
of Darkness created by Mark Rein* Hagen

Developer: Matthew McFarland

Additional Development: Philippe R. Boulle

Latin Consultation: Myranda Kalis

Editor: Diane Piron-Gelman

Art Direction: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney

: x,
Special Chanks- Che Duraggso Fist

John "Mayhem" Chambers, for infinite uses
for zombies.

Ben "Whine with Dinner" Grivno for accepting
defeat gracefully.

Ed "Wine with Dinner" Hall for providing food
and drink.

Jay "Whoreador" Howe for drinking from any.
one who offered.

Darci "Peekaboo" Strachan for keeping our in-

Interior Art: Chet Masters, D.M. Foster,
terests aroused even as the night wore on.

Rebecca Guay, Rik Martin, J. Stowe, Kieran Yanner
Front Cover Art: John Bolton
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

©2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire,
3083 Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and
I i Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publish.
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf
the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages Storytellers
Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dark Ages Europe, Road of the Beast, Road of Kings, Bitter Crusade, Cainite
Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusalem by Night, Libellus Sanguinis 1 Masters of the State, Libellus
Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word, Libel nguinis 3 Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in
the Night, The Ashen Knight and Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

154 LTONDR
® STONE MOUNTAIN, GA

WHITE WOLF
PUBLISHING

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is notachallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES

etn oet os

CABLE OR CONTENTS

Prelude: Midnight Vigil

Chapter One: Crowns Castin Shadow
Chapter Two: The Ways-of Kings
Chapter Three: The Blood| Will fell

Chapter Four: Kings and Gouncilors

10
28
54
78



PRELUDE:
MIDNIGHT
VIGIL

Isit not passing brave to be a king,

And ride in triumph through Persepol

— Christopher Marlowe, Tamburlaine the Great

From the windows of the church, stained glass saints and angels looked down
onthe world of men. Were they watching? If they watched, then they did notsee,
the poet thought. Otherwise would they allow the late-night world he had
discovered of late? Or perhaps they did see, and prepared a special place in Hell
for those who transgressed God's law. It was certainly not the first time that
thought had crossed his mind.

"They are beautiful, are they not?"

The young man started at the sound of the voice so close behind him, but
regained his composure quickly before turning to face its source

"Indeed they are," he replied. As are you, he added silently. The vision
standing before him was perhaps the most beautiful man he had ever seen.
Not merely handsome, but beautiful in the way the poets of the ancient world
spoke of masculine beauty. His hair was like spun gold, gleaming darkly in the
light of the presence lamp, one errant curl across his forehead. His eyes were
pools of the deepest blue, like the darkening sky. His features were fainaindl
noble, his skin as smooth, pale, and flawless as fine marble. The simple white

a -
~ PRELUDE


robe he wore emphasized his pallor, making him
look like an angel descended from one of the win-
dows above, although nothing could have been
further from the truth.

"We find solace in things of beauty," the stranger
said, his eyes going to the great rose window behind
thenave, itscolors like darkling jewelsin the lamplight.
Then his dark eyes turned away from it. "I am Henri.
You are the artist my liege spoke of?"

"Daniel," he said with a bow. "A humble poet
and playwright."

A ghost of a smile played about Henri's grim
mouth. "Daniel, who walked into the lion's den.
How fitting. The son of the Baron of Winchester, are
you not?"

Daniel wasn't overly surprised Henri should know
his parentage. It was hardly a secret, after all. "The
third son, yes. I have two brothers and so no hopes of
inheriting my father's estate, thank God."

"Why so?" Henriasked. "A great barony, no doubt
wedded to a nobleman's daughter, with fine sons and
daughters of your own. There are many men who
dream of such things, and many second and third sons
made bitter by their loss."

"Not I," the playwright replied. "My only dreams
are to pursue my art, not to become muddled in the
mire of politics, sir."

"You need not call me ‘sir', Daniel, for | am not a
knight yet. That is for tomorrow night. Tonight is for
me toprepare myself for my duties, and keep vigil here.
But first one more question for you, is it true that my
lord has commissioned you to write poems and plays
based on the tales you gather?"

Daniel inclined his head. "That is so. His lordship
is a most generous and gracious patron."

"Indeed he is. I trust that he has also made clear
to you the rewards he offers for true and loyal service,
as well as the punishments for failure." The threat
hung in the still and cold air for a long moment, but
Daniel chose to ignore it.

"{ shall not disturb your meditations in any way,"
he told Henri.

"{ thank you," Henri said. "I must begin." He
stepped past Daniel and moved up to the altar rail,
where a knightly raiment of mail was laid out,
topped with a fine sword in a leather sheath, its hilt
rich with jewels and chased with gold. Henri sank
to his knees, hands clasped at his breast and head
bowed, muttering words in Latin under his breath.
Daniel kept a respectful distance and watched,
silently taking in the image of the squire kneeling in
prayer and meditation throughout the night, until
the coming of the dawn.

aa, ya

ae eee

Prd

eh

+ ROAD‘OF KINGS -

The following night, it was time for the cer-
emony, and Daniel was permitted to watch as Henri
was awarded his knighthood. Lord Rouald presided
over the rite, assisted by a priest dressed in somber
black, wearing a pure white stole. Henri came forth
to have the white belt fastened around his waist and
the gold-chased spurs placed onto his boots. Then he
knelt before Lord Rouald, head bare and bowed. The
lord drew his sword from its scabbard, the sound of
metal on metal loud in the silent chapel. He raised it
before him, blade held high, and addressed the man
kneeling before him.

"Henri, why do you come before us today?"

"To enter into your service, my lord," Henri
replied in a firm voice. "I wish to become your liege-
man of life and limb and of earthly worship. Faith
and truth I will bear unto you to the death... and
beyond, in the name of the Dark Father and by my
blood, I swear it!"

The sword fell to touch Henri's left shoulder, then
his right, then came to rest upon the crown of his head.

"Then I take you as my liege-man, Henri, and
invest youas my knight. Faith and honor] shall render
unto youso long as youare in my service." He sheathed
the sword as Henri kept his head bowed.

"Rise, Sir Henri," Lord Rouald bade, and his new
liege-man did as he was asked. Then the lord took a
step down to where Henri stood, the two men stand-
ing face to face. Rouald spoke softly, but in the silence
of the church, Daniel was able to hear the words.

"You have served me well, Henri, so now I offer
this gift to you." He spread his arms and embraced
the new knight like a son. Then, with the swiftness
of a striking snake, Rouald sank his fangs deep into
Henri's throat.

Daniel gasped. Henri emitted only a soft whim-
per, like a sigh of pleasure. His knees buckled but
Rouald held him up, his lips clinging to Henri's neck,
his arms tight around the young knight's body. For
what seemed like an eternity he held him in that dread
embrace, until Henri gave another choked sigh and
Rouald lowered him to the cold stone floor.

Daniel was paralyzed, watching events unfold
with horrified fascination as Rouald drew the dagger
athis belt and knelt beside the supine knight. The lord
drew the blade across his wrist and allowed the first
drops of blood, dark and glimmering in the candle-
light, to fall onto Henri's lips as the priest took up an
unfamiliar chant in Latin. Moments after the first
drops fell, Henri convulsed, his body stretched like a
manon the rack, and he cried out. Daniel would never
forget the sound of that forlorn cry, like a child ripped
from the arms of its mother. Then the young knight


shivered and shook for what seemed like a very long
time as Rouald crouched over him, watching silently,
as impassive as stone.

Finally, Henri rose and seized upon Lord Rouald's
wrist like a suckling babe, drinking deep of the blood
that flowed from it, swallowing in great gulps. After a
few uch, Rouald gently but firmly pulled his arm away
and pressed his own hand over the wound. There was
a moment of hesitation and doubt in the knight's
posture, then Rouald lifted his hand to him. Daniel
noticed that the wound was gone without a trace.

‘Rise... my childe,"he said. The voice of the priest
rose in a hymn of some sort that Daniel had never
heard before. Although a bit unsteady on his feet,
Henri turned and walked slowly from the church.
When his eyes fell upon Daniel, the poet could not
help but shrink back from the hunger that he saw
reflected there.

Henri looked away and strode toward the doors.
Lord Rouald followed behind and paused for a mo-
ment near Daniel.

1
h

look forward to reading your rendering of
he's events," he said lightly, as if they were
sing a fine party

"Thank... thank you, my lord," Daniel replied,
fumbling for the words.

tonigl

dis.

"These things must be remembered," Rouald said
to no one in particular. "Our glory must be r
and known." Then he, too, walked toward the doors
of the church.

Daniel remained and pondered the annals no
living person could read, the stories and poems no
living voice would speak and no living ear would hear.
"Our glory must be known," Lord Rouald had said, but
known by whom? Who would know the deeds of these
lords of the night?

+ t ;

The lord raised a glass, followed by the members
of his court

"A toast," he said, "to the artistry of our own
Daniel Winchester, for a tale brilliantly written and
performed!" Cries of affirmation followed along with
the clinking of glasses before the guests sipped of the
blood, still warm and potent. For his part, Daniel
bowed and accepted the accolades of the court. He
was pleased with how the performance had gone,
although he was already filled with ideas for his next
work, and would have preferred to be at his writing
desk. Still, the praises of his lord and the court were
pleasant, and no less his due.

"A fine play, Daniel," said a voice at his side, and
the playwright rose respectfully.

* PRELUDE +


"Thank you, my lord."
The dark-clad man who had spoken waved Daniel
to be seated again, then took the seat next to him, and
set his goblet on the table.

"Please, my friend, it is Henri, as I hope it will
always be. We have known each other too long to
stand on such formalities. How long has it been, now?"

"Twenty years, my... Henri."

"Twenty years... it hardly seems so."

Indeed not, Daniel thought, to you. Lord Henri
Dulaire looked the same as he had the night when
he and Daniel had first met, all those years ago. He
wore finer raiment befitting his station, but the
golden hair, the pale, flawless skin, were all exactly
the same, as untouched by time as the statues that
stood in the chamber, silently watching over the
festivities.

It had been only a year since Henri had been
named lord of the domain following the unfortunate
demise of Lord Rouald. One of the first things he had
done was make sure Daniel knew that his work as the
poet of the court would continue, and that he would
enjoy Henri's patronage for as long as he ruled, which
promised to be a long time indeed. Daniel knew
enough of the affairs of the Cainite courts of France to
know that Henri was something of a rising star, a
valuable patron to have.

"How fares your family?" Henri asked. He never
saw them. Daniel preferred to keep that part of his life
separate from his nocturnal activities at court. His
family knew only that Daniel Winchester was a re-
spected poet who lived on the generous endowments
of his patrons and a small family inheritance. Lord
Dulaire never asked to see them at court, and Daniel
never offered to bring them, but His Lordship still
asked about them.

"They are well," Daniel replied, biting back another
"my lord." "My son is betrothed to be wed in the spring."

"Truly?" Henri said. "That is fine news! You must
permit me to give youasmall gift for the happy couple."

"That is most generous..." Daniel began:

"Nonsense. It is nothing compared to the gifts you
have given me over the years. Have I told you that
your works have been most inspiring to me, Daniel?"
"Have they?"

"Can you have any doubt? You have recorded my
career since the time of my Embrace, and reading your
works, seeing them performed, gives me a sense of
pride but also a measure of humility, to know where I
have come ftom. Your insights into the ways of kings
and men are no small things, my friend."

"Thank you," Daniel replied. "That means a great
deal to me, Henri."

"Another toast then, to your fine work and to
your son's marriage. May they both continue to
be fruitful."

The two goblets, one filled with wine and the
other with blood, clinked lightly and the two men
drank. For a moment, it was as if they were not liege
and vassal, but true comrades, and Daniel put aside
thoughts of his next work and threw himself into
enjoying the celebration

t t t

"Grandfather!"

Daniel knew that sharp tone of Elaine's all too
well, but he pretended not to hear her. He dipped his
quill in the inkwell again, writing in a hand that was
alittle less steady than it once was, but still practiced
and sure. A number of filled pages sat neatly stacked
on the corner of the desk.

"Grandfather," Elaine said again, bustling into
the room. "You should be resting."

"Bah," Daniel said with a dismissive wave of his
hand. "I'll have time enough to rest soon." He started
to turn back to his writing but then a fit of coughing
seized his frail frame and he dropped the quill, staining
the blank portion of the page with spots of ink. His
granddaughter supported him and kept him from
falling off the stool.

"Come, back to bed with you," she said and there
was no arguing with her. When the coughing fit had
passed, Daniel allowed her to lead him back to bed and
pull the bedclothes up over him. Then she set about
stoking up the brazier in the room to fight off the
winter cold.

"Pm not an invalid, you know," Daniel snapped.
He could feel a bit more warmth in the room, but it
never seemed enough to chase the chill from his
bones these days. "You don't have to take care of me:
every moment."

"1 don't mind," Elaine said blithely, drawing the
curtains to help shut out the cold wind blowing outside.

"Well, youwon't have to be doing it much longer,"
he muttered.

"Grandfather! Don'tsay such things!" Blaine said

"Iv's true," he insisted. "P've lived a good four
score years, seen my children grown, even held my
great-grandchild in my arms. A man can hardly ask for
more than that."

Elaine smiled sadly and brushed a hand across his
cheek. "And you may live a good time longer yet," she
said. "So let'shave no more of this. It's late, you should
be sleeping." She bent down to kiss him on the
forehead, like a mother would kiss her child good
night. "Sleep well," she said, then she blew out the
candles and closed the door on her way out, leaving


theroom lit only by the dull glow of the brazier and the
faintshafts of moonlight that slipped through the gap
in the curtains

Daniel lay there fora time, thinking about getting
up and getting back to his writing, but Elaine was
tight. It was late and he was so tired, so very tired...

Suddenly, Daniel was aware of a presence in the
room with him. He was not startled, for the presence
wasa familiar one and he'd long since become used to
its late-night comings and goings. The shadow of a
man stood beside his bed, framed in the faint moon-
light, looking down at him.

"Hello, old friend."

"Henri," Daniel replied. "I'm glad you've come."

"I wanted to see how you were doing." Henri
walked around the bed and stopped by the desk,
picking up a sheet of parchment, his eyes flicking
down the page.

"Still writing, I see," he said with a wry tone. "I
shouldhave known that nothing would keep you from
your work."

"fear that this work will not be finished," Daniel
replied with a sigh.

"Must it be so?" Henri said. "There is still time..."
Hedidn't complete the suggestion. It had been an old
discussion between them.

"No, no," the old poet said, shaking his head
slowly."Thave all the immortality that I want. It is too
late for me. I've had a good life."

"Tknow," Henri said, sinking to sit on the edge of
the bed. "Of all your work, I think what I enjoy most
ishow you write about your life, my friend. Reading it,
seeing it performed, I can almost know what it is like,
almost remember being alive. I can understand why
you are reluctant to leave it behind."

"Ah, my young prince," Daniel said. One gnarled
hand lifted from the bedclothes to tentatively touch
Henri's face. It was as smooth and cool as marble.
"You are still as beautiful as that first night that I
saw you. You are so like my work, a moment cap-
tured forever in time."

A single, crimson tear rolled down that pale and
refined face.

"No, do not grieve for me, my lord," Daniel said.
"It is my time and I am ready. I have long since made
peace with the past and with God."

I grieve not just for you, my friend," Henri said.
"Nor even for myself. I fear that I have done a terrible
wrong in keeping your work to myself. How many
artists like you have we deprived the world of by
bringing you into our nighttime world? What you
could have accomplished had you taken what Lord
Rouald gave you.

"Regrets, Henri?" Daniel said with a wan smile.
"Regrets are for other men, not for lords and kings.
What is done is done, and perhaps the better for it. I
am satisfied with my work and, if 1 did not make the
choice to walk away from what I had toward the hope
of something different, then that is my failing, and not
yours." He took a sharp intake of breath that led to
another fit of coughing, and Henri bent forward to
cradle the old man like a mother would her child.

"Might I ask a boon of you, my lord?" the poet
said weakly.

"Anything. Name it and it is yours."

"Two things," he replied softly. "I do not think
that I will finish my translation of the letters of
Acindynus for you."

"Do not worry about such things," Henri said. "I
will see to it."

"Good," Daniel nodded. "There is..." he gave a
wheezing sigh. "There is much insight in them for you,
I think."

"And the other?"

"Rule well, my lord, and remember me." The
gnarled hand slipped from Henri's shoulder and
dropped to the bed. Henri felt the tension drain out
of Daniel Winchester's body like a gentle sigh, the
gray head rolling back onto the pillow.

"[ will, my friend, always."

And he kept vigil there until the coming of
the dawn.

saa

Oo

>,

«PRELUDE

nL hier

rang

va
tax

——


HAPTER ONE:
CROWNS CAST
IN SHADOWS

"Those of your blood: whe would rule the earth
Shall cower in the dust by day, fearing the light.
Thus shall your kingdom be, your prideful empire,

Its throne made o'

— Book III of Tt

ar, its crown cast in shadows."

Erciyes Fragments

The following comes from Letters to the Lords of the Night, by the
Cainitescholar Acindynus, with commentary by other noted Cainites.

On the Origin
of the2aht of Kings

The Via Regalis, the Road of Kings, stretches back throughout
Cainite history to the earliest nights of our kind. It is the first and
noblest of the many roads walked by the children of Caine since the
time of the first Embrace, when Caine took up his destiny to rule over
the Sons of Seth as well as his own offspring. In The Temptations of
Caine, he says unto the angel of the Lord:


"I will make my own fate in lands east of Nod And
establish my kingdom in exile. I will set my children on golden
thrones. And we will rule over Seth's brood together. For
surely it is better to rule in the darkness. Than to humble
myself falsely in the light."

So it was that Caine first declared the right of he and
his childer to rule over the sons of Man in this world. So
it was that the right of kingship first came into the hands
of Caine the Dark Father and those who came after him,
through Caine's act of willful defiance.

Did Caine defy the will of God in this? Indeed so, but
Caine, like all men, was given free will by God, to
exercise as he saw fit. So, too, were Adam and Eve, and
all their sons and daughters, given free will. Caine chose
the exercise of his will rather than unthinking obedi-
ence, a choice that has marked his children and the Road
of Kings from that time onward. For whatever claims
by mortal or Cainite — to the divine right of kings,
kingship truly flows from the power of individual will and
the conviction to exercise that will in the face of all
obstacles. In truth, the divine right of kings is the
unshakable will to achieve power, no matter what may
stand in the way. This is even more true of our kind, since
no Cainite is king by birth (or Embrace) without the will
to take power and hold it.

Thus the right of kings is a matter of individual
choice and will, the will to power. We shall consider
this further, but it can be seen clearly in the rise of the
children of Caine to power in the world throughout
our history.

From the commentaries of Fioré

Acindynus is blasphemous in his inference that
the will of God has nothing to do with the right of kings,
mortal or Cainite. ‘In fact God's will has everything to
dowith our right to rule over the mortal cattle, and for
certain mortals to rule the day while we rule the night.
In placing His mark upon Caine, God showed ‘His
favor to the Dark Father by saying that anyone who
dared to kill Caine would Safer greatly. Through
Caine's blood, the Lord gave us the power'to rule, and
therefore the right. To suggest otherwise és to court a
terrible punishment.

Still, Acindynus' point regarding the importance
thewill to power is valid. The Lord has ordained that the
children of Caine will hold the night and rule over the
children of Seth, but one must still have the willand the
cunning necessary to seize that divine right and wield it,
and to defend it against one's enemie

The First City
Caine took hold of his destiny and wandered the
land until he came upon Enosh, the favored first-born

son of his brother Seth, who went into the wilderness
seeking the voice of God. He found Caine instead and

a

*-ROADO!

Caine took Enosh for his own, calling him Enoch.
Together they returned to the lands of men, where
Enoch granted his sire the crown that had been offered
first to him, and Caine became king of the First City
Caine says:

"And because they bowed down to me of their own free
will, The Lord of Heaven did not intervene."

Such is the power of free will and the first lesson on
the Road of Kings: that freedom cannot be taken, only
relinquished by those who have it. Caine, like every
king and prince who followed him, ruled at the suffer-
ance of his subjects. Had they risen up against him and
Enoch then and there, the First City would have been
no more, and the history of our kind would have been
quite different.

Even if Caine's power had been enough to slay
his rebellious subjects to the last man, woman, and
child, their freedom would still be given to them in
Heaven, with Caine left alone once again on Earth,
for such was the curse of the Lord. Instead, the
people of the First City feared Caine's power, and the
mark of God upon his brow, so they did not choose
to defy him. It is from such fear and respect that the
power of kings flows.

Thus the right of kings is a matter of fear and
respect. A monarch who is feared and respected earns
the fealty of his subjects. A monarch who does not
maintain his vassals' fear and respect soon loses their
fealty as well

Inhis rule of the First City, Caine became Lawgiver
proclaiming his commands to his childer. The ancient
code of the Canaille is the basis for all Cainite law and
the foundation upon which the Road of Kings is buile:
Caine said:

We are given Dominion over the line of Seth, third son
of Adam, as he is our youngest Brother, we will watch over
his Children as if they were our own, we will show them the
right way and in return, they will serve us all of their days

They will serve us while the Sun rides the sky,
and watch over our houses, with quenching water,
against Michael's fire

They will feed us and provide us with clothes,
They will dance for us, and provide us with song,
They will lay with us, and provide us with comfort,
They will advise us, and we will listen to their advice,
They will worship us, and we must not allow their worship.

This last point is a vital one. Above all, Caine
admonished his childer not to accept the worship of the
Children of Seth. They were destined to be kings and
rulers, yes, but not gods. To challenge the place of God
was to court His anger, as Caine well knew, and the Lord
has commanded, "Thou shalt have no other gods before
Me." So Caine wisely forbade his childer the worship of
their mortal subjects:

come
KINGS

Tho shale not become as a God to the Children of Seth
for the One Above, growing jealous in the sky, will strike
Know thou that the Children of Seth will rise up
uith weapons from the One Above, and conquer us, should

we be as Gods to them.

Caine understood the truth of kingship: That its
power flows from the individual will to engender fear
and respect among one's vassals. In this the divine
mandate of God is useful, because those who believe
that our power flows from the Almighty are less
likely to rise in arms against us. Challenging God's
place only gives subjects cause to rise against us, if
they believe that they serve a power higher and
greater than that of th
this, and so counseled his children not to aspire to F
the place of God [

r liege. Caine understood

But the progeny of Caine did not heed his wisdom.
They became as gods to the people of the First City, and
so God sent the flood to drown the city and the whole of
the world, giving Cainites their first and harshest lesson
in the duties and responsibilities of kingship.

From the commentaries of Antasia

How blithely Acindynus ignores another of Caine's
mandates from the Canaille, where he declares, "They will
advise us, and we will listen to their advice." In this Caine
tells his childer of the value of mankind, not only as subjects,
but also as comrades, advisors, and allies in the truest sense
of the word. Caine and the Second Generation were wise to
seck not only the company, but also the wisdom and
advice of mortals, something that Scions in the modern
nights seem less prone to do, so certain are they of their
superiority to the mortal herd.

Ifa prince or lord wishes to rule wisely, he does not
ignore the value of the mortals in his domain. To do so
isto turn away ftom humanity, and such rulers will be
overthrown in time. To follow the wisdom of the
Canaille, then one must consider all of it, and not only
the words that support the rights of kings.

The Second City

Following the Great Flood, Caine left his childer
and resumed his wandering. So the Antediluvians
founded the Second City, following the example of their
sire and ruling over the world of men in the night

Thirst for power as well as blood grew in the hearts
of the Antediluvians, and they made war upon one
another. They raised mighty armies and sent them to
meet theit deaths on the field of battle. They worked
alliances and betrayals in the silence of the night. Their
mortal agents brought death and fire in the light of the
day. They set aside all responsibility, recalling Caine's
words that granted them dominion, but forgetting their

site's command to guide the Children of Seth "as a


shepherd guides his flock." Instead they were led like
lambs to the slaughter.

So when Caine returned to see the Second Gen-
eration decimated, his grandchilder warring amongst
themselves, his fury knew no bounds. "I gave you
dominion over mortal men and you have abused it!" he
cried. He cursed his surviving children and they would
carry his curse in their blood down through the genera-
tions. The Second City was no more and both the
Children of Caine and the Children of Seth were
scattered to the four winds.

Thus we learn that the right of kings has correspond-
ing duties. Those who abuse the dominion granted them
by Caine face not only his wrath, but the wrath of their
vassals and subjectsas well. The price of power is the duty
to use it well and wisely.

The glories of the Second City were lost, but not
forgotten. Veddartha, the founder of our noble clan,
offered words to his childer, recorded in the annals:

Be the law-giver, the tool-maker, Carry the sacred to the
people, Keep the covenant, Bind those that rebel, Glory in
those who fight and win, Keep strong swords about you
ys, and sharp eyes at your back.

Cower not in fear of the Sun! Shrink not from Fire!
Though cursed we may be We are the Lords of the Earth, and
all things fall under our dominion

Holding to their founder's words, the first Ventrue
set out to make them so. In Veddartha's teachings and
Caine's laws lay the seeds of the Road of Kings, waiting
only for fertile soil in which to take root and grow.
‘rom the commentaries of Antasia:

While] am pleasantly surprised by Acindynus' dismissal
of the notion of "the divine right of kings," ] am otherwise
disappointed by his logic and interpretation of the words of
Caine, to say nothing of his clear bias in favor of his own clan
and their ways. hese poor justifications for Cainite rule are
just that, and as thinly veiled as the "divine right" that
Acindynus rejects.

Acindynus quotes Veddartha in support of his argu-
ments. Is the right to rule granted by mere words? What of
Brujah's commandments to his childer? He sai

Throw off the Elder's shackles of the mind, reach into
thyself and see the truth revealed. The Truth, as truth is seen,
vill illuminate your soul and heal your wounds.

Know who you ate, fitst, and be true to yourself.

Wise words indeed that so many of our kind choose to
ignore. Acindynus and the Patricians would have us believe
that looking within reveals only these truths: First, that there
is no higher power than the free will given by God to all
thinking creatures. Second, that through fear and power one
can break the wills of others and force them into fealty and
servitude. Third, that such an arrangements vightand natural
because it is "freely" entered into.

aly

This is nothing but clever semantics. Does the peasant
truly have the freedom to choose to disobey his liege-lord?
Perhaps, if he values not his life and the lives of his family,
but what choice is that, truly? To pretend that the "right" of
kings is anything other than base coercion is foolish. Itis true
that all men have free will, including the freedom to rebel
against a tyrant, but it is also true that not all men have the
courage to do so.

Ifkingship is a matter of exercising one's will in coopera-
tion with others, why then should it not be more egalitarian
And to the benefit of All? Acindynus would have us believe that
kingship carvies with it duties and responsibilities, and here |
agree, but ] say that those duties and responsibilities go far
beyond those acknowledged by him or by any other of hisclan.
Many on the Road of Rings refuse to acknowledge these
greater responsibilities, which the deals of Brujah reveal to us,
because they limit the exercise of their "will" to power.

The Ancient World

The first true stirrings of what we know now as the
Road of Kings began in the ancient Roman Empire,
where Clan Ventrue put the commandments of their
elders to the test. The Ventrue were the most influential
Cainites in the Empireand embraced the patrician ideals
of the Romans (and encouraged them among mortals as
well). These ideas embodied the wisdom of Caine and
Veddartha, teaching responsibility for one's domain and
subjects. Patrician teachings and the duties expected of
Cainite nobility strengthened the notion of duty and
power working hand in hand to help stave off the nightly
demands of the Beast

Along with the rise of the Road of Kings came
other roads, particularly the Via Humanitas champi-
oned by the Brujah and other Cainites of Carthage,
following the teachings of their sire and the learning
of the Greeks. The Scions of Rome noted the growth
of Carthage and recalled Veddartha's commandment
to "bind those that rebel." So they raised armies to
crush and conquer Carthage, scattering the ideal of
Humanitas and leaving the Brujah with a long-stand-
ing grudge against the Ventrue (and, among those
who remember, nearly as great a one toward the Via
Regalis that we champion).

Two other roads arose within the Empire, proving
more serious threats to the Scions and their rule. The
first was the Road of Heaven, gathering followers of the
Lord Jesus Christ and the salvation he offered. The
cions were influential in first persecuting the believers
(both mortal and Cainite) and later co-opting the faith
toserveas the state religion of the Empire and strengthen
their failing power. But influence over the newly formed
church was always split between the Scions and the
followers of the Road of Heaven as more Cainites were
converted to the faith.

+ ROADOF KINGS «


Meanwhile, the followers of the Road of Sin exer-
cised their own subtle influence over the Empire,
exulting in orgies and excess, encouraging others to
throw off the "shackles" of their duties and responsibili-
ties to indulge their own desires, much like the Cainites
of Carthage before their fall. The influence of the
Sinners spread like fire through the ranks of the Torea-
dorand Malkavian clans, and then through the Ventrue
as well. Decadence rotted the Empire from within, as
struggles for power began to tear it asunder. In the end,
the followers of the Road of Kings could do nothing but
watch as all they had worked to build and maintain
crumbled and barbarians poured over the walls to sack
the glory that was Rome.

From the commentaries of Antasia:

How typical of the Ventrue to paint the destruction of
Carthage in this way! How easily they justify the growth of the
Road of Kings through the destruction of our greatest achieve
ments! Since they were triumphant in the matter of Carthage,
itmust be that thei way is superior, when in fact Carthage and
what it represented was perhaps a fuller flowering of the Vi
Regalis than any Cainite kingdom then or since.

Carthage was a true embodiment of Humanitas. Indeed,
itwas unlike any other place since the First City itself, where
the childven of Caine and the childven of Seth could exist
together in peace and harmony. What could be more perfect
according to the ideals of the Road of Rings itself? C
tule balanced with responsibility to the people and duty to
the state.

Therein lies a lesson about the Road of Kings that is
y overlooked. So many followers of the Via Regalis say
itis better to be feared and respected than loved and admired.
| say just the opposite. It may be easier to be feared and
respected, but not better. A true leader is not measured solely
by the power he wields, but also by the love and admiration
of his subjects.

J shall also point out that it is curious how the fall of
Carthage is clearly a triumph for the Road of Kings and its
ideals, showing how superior it is to other Via, how destined
for greatness. Yet the fall of Rome is a tragedy that does not
reflect badly on the Road or the Ventrue. Clearly itwas no fault
oftheits, but the work of the devilish Sinners. | would say that
pehaps, even in their long dead hearts, the Patricians realized
they had destroyed something of extraordinary value and theit
authority and will to rule fled with it. Or perhaps the deeds of
one's own clan ate always righteous and glorious and its
filures always due to treachery and the weaknesses of others.
Atleast, so it seems with the Ventrue.

From the commentaries of Camilla

Fe fal of Rome, proof that Sinners fay waste to
civilization wherever they go, faving the poor Scions to fret
over the collapse and decay of all that they fave built and held
sodeat. 3 ash you, if the Scions of Rome held their Empire so
precious, wfy did they allow corruption and decadence to

"spread fife fire" through their ranks? Could it be that, wfen
offered the opportunity to indulge in their true desires, the
demands and duties of the road paled in comparison?

Ee noble Acindynus casts aspersions on us to distract
from tf truth of the matter. The Road of Sin did play a role
in the fatl of Rome, as it as in the fall of'so many false and
puffed-up empires. But tGe only reason the Sinners succeeded
in spreading the trutf of induGgence and pleasure was because
te pious followers of the Road of Heaven and the arrogant
Scions of the Road of Kings allowed it, or at (east did nothing
to stop it. Wat was it that Acindynus said about the
importance of free witlin the right of Kings? Perfjaps it should
Ge considered important in their failings as well.

On the Growth of theWoad

As tragic as the fall of Rome was for the Scions, it
proved an opportunity in many ways. Like the fall of
Enoch and of the Second City before it, Rome's fall came
through a failure to honor and maintain the ways of the
road and the teachings of Caine and Veddartha. The
greatest and most influential Scions saw a need for order
and responsibility among the children of Caine, but they
did not entirely agree on how this order would manifest
So the road split much as the Empire did, with Scions
scattered throughout the known world, pursuing their
goals of attaining power, first over themselves, then over
their domains.

This was a time of great conflict among the Scions,
and among Cainites in general. Some chose to cultivate
the barbarian tribes that sacked Rome and placed series
of would-be rulers upon the throne. Some abandoned
Rome for Byzantium and Constantinople, where they
developeda true eye for navigating the dangerous waters
of politics and manipulating mortal ambitions to suit
their needs. The Inconnu held what little power re-
mained in Rome, working to preserve its traditions and
avenge its fall.

Those Scions who remained or cast their fates
with the German invaders were split into two camps.
The majority sought power and influence among the
chieftains and petty nobles of the barbarians, building
up domains and followings of their own, only to have
them fall into conflict with another tribe, often influ-
enced by another Scion. The cycles of warfare,
alliances, and betrayals continued on, and more than
a few Cainites met Final Death in the conflict. Along
the way, the Scions saw the loyalty of the tribal
warriors to their chiefs as a reflection of their own
path and embraced it.

Some Scions remained within the ranks of the
Church, still a growing influence in the world. They
sought places as priests, bishops, even cardinals, but
more often influenced mortals in those roles. Although
Ventrue power within the Church waned over time,

he aes ae ene

+ CHAPTERON!


giving way to the Lasombra, the Road of Kings remained
strongas ecclesiastical Cainites soughtpower and looked
after the needs of their flocks.

From the commentaries of Fioré

Too many Scions echo Acindynus in their di
missal of the power of the Almighty and of Mother
Church: True, the Church is a route fo power for many
Cainites, a source of the divine truth revealed to us by
our Dark Father and Mother. Some, like the members
of my clan, take our duties and responsibilities as clergy
seriously and treat them with the reverence they are due,
but others see the Word of God as another tool t they can
use to further their own pove: These Scions are no
better than the priests sell ling indulgences or keeping
mistresses, even worse, because the truth has been re-
vealed to them through the Embrace and the touch of
Caine's blood.

On Feudalion and theWad

As time passed, more Scions came to embrace the
feudal system as the ideal means of ensuring order and
allowing them to pursue their goals. Mortal lords secured
the fealty of their knights and landholders, in turn
swearing fealty to their own lord, such as the monarch of
a nation. How like the ways of the Scions this was, and
how suited to the particulars of the road. Scions began to
organize their domains along feudal lines, giving them
strength of both numbersand arms that few other Cainite
elders could match. When they realized how useful they
could be, rival elders adopted the feudal ways of the
Scions as well

Scions helped codify the Traditions of our kind,
with particular attention to the Tradition of Domain
and the rights it grants to princes and lords. Those
domains and courts without Scion rulers often have a
Scion advisor, to assist the prince in matters of law. More
than one ambitious Scion has risen to power by replacing
an unfit ruler, so such advisors are carefully watched

Along with feudal ways, the Road of Kings em-
braced the notion of chivalry, which has spread
rapidly, especially among younger Cainites. The
Toreador and Ventrue are particularly enamored of
chivalry, and sponsor orders of knighthood for both
Cainites and mortals (often ghouls). Some claim
that the traditions of chivalry fit seamlessly with the
ways of the Via Regalis, but that remains to be seen
In truth, some conflict exists between the chivalrous
younger Scions and their elders, giving the elders
good reason to keep their young bravos occupied
with skirmishes and battles.

From the commentaries of Antasia:

The Toreador are fascinated with the romance of knight-
hood and chivalry, while the Ventrue see the knightly orders
botl as a means of grooming capable vassals and of keeping

their childer occupied and under control. Neither truly sees the
potential inherent in the code of chivalry, which is a true
appreciation for duty and the obligation of the strong to aid the
weak and helpless, Che Cainite knights of these orders recog
nize their duty to God and humanity, however. It will be
interesting indeed when the ranks of the orders swell with new
Cainite knights, who may not prove as biddable as their sires
and liege-lords may hope.

On the
Burdens of Kingship

A common misperception holds that the Road of
Kings is about seizing and holding temporal power. That
isa part of the road, but only a part. The Via Regalis is
also concerned with the duties and responsibilities of a
monarch and leader, and has been since the first nights
of Caine's rule, Ambitious Scions would
the advice of their elders and teachers and learn respon-
sibility — and patience — if they would achieve success
in their endeavors

The Nature of the World

The Road of Kings reveals to us the nature of the
world. Some rule and some are ruled, but the sovereign
only rules by the sufferance of the subjects. God granted

do well to heed

man free will to choose, and men can exercise their will
to tid themselves of an unwanted or unworthy sover-
eign. They will do so if pressed hard enough (or
encouraged from the right quarters), so it is important
to recognize that the mortal herd is not made up
entirely of helpless cattle.

Thus the simple truth: Those who do not choose to
rule have chosen to be ruled. Those who choose to rule
have chosen not to be ruled by others. Though most men
never rise above their station in life, they remain lownot
because of the will of God, buta lack of will on their own
part, and a greater will keeping them in their place. The
same is true of many Cainites. The Scion who under-
stands this truth has no limits of achievement, regardless
of generation or sire

If thisisso, why then does everyone notexert his will
to achieve whatever it is he wants? Why do the Scions
I upon each other like a pack of hungry dogs,
rending each other apart in a frenzy of greed and power-
lust? I say because the truth of the nature of the world is
tempered by the ethics of the Via Regalis, which values
stability and order as well as freedom and opportunity.
This way of absolute freedom to work one's will is what
brought about the fall of Carthage at the hands of the
Roman Empire. True freedom must come from strength,
and from order, or it is meaningless.

not


From the commentaries of Antasia

The nature of the world, indeed! The truth that the
Scions claim is one that conveniently supports their road as
the most "natural," in accordance with the "true" way of the
world. It is claims such as these that brought Carthage low,
butnot because the brotherhood and peace there violated any
sort of "natural law!" The wisdom of Brujah and the ideals
of the Via Humanitas show us clearly that there are more
roles in this world than master and slave. The master is in
many ways just as enslaved as the serf or peasant, trapped
in chains of duty, tradition, and the need to maintain his
position against his rivals.

Acindynus' claim that duty, honor, and loyalty keep the
Scions ftom each other's throats is one many followers of his
road would support, I'm sure, but it is a fiction at best.
Tradition and duty do serve to vein in the ambitions of some
Scions, but they only define the rules of the game of achieving
and holding power. Therein is a fatal flaw of the road that no
Scion can openly acknowledge. The Via Regalis is based
around the acquisition and holding of power, except that
Cainites do not pass on thei power like mortal kings. We are
not subject to the ravages of time, so a Cainite lord may rule
long enough to see mortal kingdoms tise, fall, and turn to dust.
Soitis always a matter of time before the ambitious overcome
the restraints of tradition to overthrow their liege and take the
throne, Rather than putting an end to conflict among our kind,
the Road of Kings guarantees that it will go on without end,
as the War of Princes shows.

From the commentaries of Camilla:

Sow Acindynus contradicts himself in these passag
first he claims there is nothing to restrain us but our own will
omething whic} we Sinners understand all too weil.
Gen, Gefore the ink dries, he asserts that the Road of Kings
is not an anarefy of power-fungry Cainites struggling for
Dominance, Gecause they Have traditions and rules that they
fonor. What Hypocrisy! But then one must expect a certain
amount of §ypoctisy from afl Rings, mortal or Cainite.

Theight toBule

So whence comes the Scion's right to rule over his
subjects, or any sovereign's right to rule, for that matter?
Does it come from the divine right granted by God?
Many would say so, that God has ordained certain men
torule over others. Ifso, then has not God ordained that
we should rule over mortals? I know many who would
dispute this, saying that God has damned us, showing we
are less than the Children of Seth. How can it be that we
are meant to rule over them?

To them, | answer: If we are Damned, and un-
touched by time, no longer mortal, then should we not
rule on Earth as Lucifer does in Hell? Consider Caine's
words: "For surely it is better to rule in the darkness,
than to humble myself falsely in the light." If you would
have an end to your sufferii

and damnation, then go

and face the sun and be done with it! If you mean to
survive in the world, you have only the choice of ruling
or being ruled. We cannot know the mind of God (for
all that some may claim to), so if your efforts are
successful, who is to say that God has not ordained
them so? Afterall, He has given us the power to rule the
night. Should we not use it?

Others see Caine's example as the reason why we
should rule, and why Caine granted his childer domin-
ion over mortals. When Enoch went into the wilderness
tosee the Word of God, Caine went to him and claimed
Enoch, and his crown, for himself. Where was God when
Caine drained the last of the blood from Enoch's veins,
or when he held the sacrament of his own vitae to
Enoch's lips? Why did God not prevent Caine from
claiming the First City as his own? It must be that the
Lord approved of Caine's actions, since He did not
prevent them

From the commentaries of Fioré:

How easily we ignore that the Lord drowned the
First City and the whole world in the Flood for the
blasphemy of Caine's childer when they made them-
selves as gods to the people of the First City. Whe
sufficiently provoked, the Lord does answer, and His
anger is d terrible thing to behold. Those princes and
lords who ignore the advice of the ashen priests would do
well to remember this

From the commentaries of Parsifal:

Acindynus has a doubter's approach to the divine right
God has granted us, It caw be forgiven, I suppose, in
light of bis bactground, Ge shows logically that our right
to rule is sceure whether granted by the Lard or not. But
have uo doubt that the Lord Our God, through His mart
upon Caine the Dark Father, has ordained that the childer

Caine shall rule aver the Children af Seth iw the night
for all time until the final rechoning of the ages. It shall
be a noble rule, and those who do not rule as Gad has
ardaived will suffer Bis wrath.

Mastery of the Beast

One thing stands in the way of any Cainite's ability
to tule, and that is the influence of the Beast. Before a
Scion can be fit to rule over others he must first learn to
rule over the Beast, and it is the most difficult and
treacherous subject a ruler will ever have. The Road of
Kings teaches us of the need to control the Beast, or it
will tear down all that we have built to satisfy its
inhuman appetite for destruction,

Only the strongest wills can hold the Beast at bay,
so the Road of Kings encourages us to be willful, but
gives us tradition and duty to help guide us. The first
step on the Road of Kings begins with gaining mastery
over the Beast. There comes a time after each Em-
brace, often shortly after the transition into unlife is

+ CHARTEROQNE


complete, when each Cainite feels the stirring of the
red rage, driven by hunger and instinct. Some grasp at
their faith in God or in their own failing humanity
Others feel the frenzy rise, or look down to see their
first victim at their feet, and take destiny into their
own hands. They understand that only their will
stands between them and the Beast's dominion. These
Cainites are suited for the Road of Kings, because they
no longer accept the role of slave. Those that can
master the Beast can master others.

Of course, those who cannot master the Beast can-
not progress far on the Road of Kings, so mastery of the
Beast, self-control, is the first lesson that any initiate of
the road must learn. The student's will must be tempered
like a sword to withstand the heat of the Beast's rage and
to cut through it like a razor. With confidence and will
as your shield and sword, you can hold the Beast at bay
throughout all the nights of your existence.

From the commentaries of Antasia:

Underestimate the cunning of the Beast at your own
peril, say, with the Via Regalis as proof of its dangers. The
Beast is not merely some animal that can be whipped back to
its den by a forceful master. Itis all that is dark and cunning
and wicked in our souls, the unending hunger that knows no
conscience. Itis at its most dangerous when it offers us what
we most desire, deep in our hearts, even if we do not
acknowledge it.

How easy it can be to indulge, believing that you are
master of the Beast, and that your actions ave a matter of your
own will, but are they? The Scions that justify inbumanity and
monstrosity in the name of their road serve the Beast just as
surely as the ravager running wild and feeding on passers-by,
perhaps even more so since their actions are not unthinking
instinct but rational and deliberate. When you feel the voice
whispering in your heart and mind, saying, "Why not do this?
Is it not your God-given right?" ask yourself, is this the voice
of reason, ot the voice of the Beast?

On the Exercise of Bower

The central gift and responsibility of the Road of
Kings is the wielding of power. Scions are made to
rule, and must use the power they are entrusted with
responsibly or else they prove themselves unfit to
wield it. Power and the will to power must be tem-
pered with restraint and duty to tradition and the
needs of one's subjects, according to the ancient
precepts of Caine and the Traditions of our kind
Although aprince or monarch commands great power,
ultimately he is also a servant of that power and of the
subjects that he rules.

Scions can use the power at their command for
many things: upholding tradition, enforcing the law,
seeing that justice is done, protecting their domains, and

a TE.

guiding the mortal flock in ways that benefit the Chil-
dren of Caine. They can also abuse their power and
position, a grave offense against true kingship.

Upholding the Old Ways

An important duty of the Scion is to uphold
Cainite law and tradition, the foundation of our
society and our survival. Without the guidance of law,
we fall victim to the conflicts that brought down the
Second City in fire and blood. Without law, we
become as crazed demons, under the rule of the Beast,
and fall upon each other like hungry wolves. Without
law, we become prey for the mortals that we once
hunted, and they come with fire and with sword to
destroy us. The preservation of our laws and traditions
is the preservation of the Cainite race.

The Road of Kings recognizes the wisdom of the
ancients and the laws set down from the time of the First
City by Caine and his childer. These traditions guide us
to act in ways that preserve our kind and help us to rule
rightly and wisely

The Covenant of Caine

"Thy blood makes thee my brood, crafted in my
image. My curse thine, my salvation thine. I stand before
and above thee as god-regent. I am the way, my Tradi-
tions covenant. Renounce me and renounce all hope."
Thus spoke Caine

Caine's covenant with his childer is at the heart
of our traditions. We are blood of his blood, bearing
his power, his curse, and through his way shall we
find salvation, through his way shall we find power
and rule over the night forever. Caine set down the
Traditions to help guide us along this path, anda true
Scion knows to honor and uphold them. Failing to
do so is the way to destruction or succumbing to the
tule of the Beast. "Renounce me and renounce all
hope," says Caine. Renounce the Traditions, and
renounce all hope of power, glory, and even survival,
for you will be destroyed.

From the commentaries of Antasia

Again we have the great conteadiction of the Road of
Kings: There is no greater power than your own will, but bow
to these rules and Traditions, or you shall be destroyed. Be
Ambitious, but not too ambitious. Be willful, but not too
willful. Little wonder that the Scions plot and scheme against
each other in the night, pulling strings like puppeteers and
using flowery speeches and clever turns of phrase to conceal
And justify their lust for power. The simple truth of the matter
is, those who hold the power also choose the rules that
everyone else must obey. Caine laid down his Traditions
because he held the greatest power, and his childer obeyed.
When they did not, they were punished. It is no different for
the princes of Europe. A powerful monarch can choose to

~ AS =
SSL os a

an,

wes

+ROAD-OF KINGS


ignore some of the Traditions and get away with it, although
always at risk of rebellion.

THeRght of Domain

"As | am master of Nod, thy domain is thy own
concem. Thou art its master, and all will respect this or
suffer thy wrath. All will present themselves when enter-
ing, and thow shale protect them in turn. By right thou are
allowed to hunt within the bounds of thy domain, its blood
thine own. Accept its responsibilities, minister thy do-
main, and pay others the same respect thou expect." Thus
spoke Caine

So does Caine set forth the central tenet and tradi-
tion of the Road of Kings, the right and duty of all Scions
to take and protect their domains and respect the do-
mains of others.

That each Cainite should hold a domain, large or
small, is both right and proper because it is our nature to
do so. The Right of Domain ensures sustenance, just as
mortals hold to the right to work the land for the food
they require. Asa mortal lord may hold serfs and tenants,
andtakea tithe from their harvest as his right, so too may
aCainite lord take a tithe of blood from his Isas part
of the right of domain. Those with no domains to call
their own are like beggars in the streets, or thieves in the
night, taking what does not rightly belong to them. It is
just for the lord of a domain to seek to punish them for
any crimes against him and his own

From the commentaries of Fioré.

It is true that ther ight of domain is one set forth for
all Cainites, but it és not solely the province of the Road.
of Kings, whatever the Scions might have us believe, and
there are some domains beyond the reach of prince or
monarch that should remain so. What of the right of
Cainites to claim a domain without being threatened by
outsiders? So it has been with those within the Church,
who claim a particular monastery or enclave as their
own, only to have a prince claim right of fealty over them
and theirs, when no mortal prince can claim rule over
the lands and goods of the Church. So it has been with
als who claim domain over a long forest or isolated
mountain, only to have their claim challenged ey the
prince of a nearby town or city. He demands obedience
"and fealty, or else the woods will be chopped down, or
burned, and the Cainites there hunted. Though respect-
fulof their own domains, ions and worldly princes are
not always so respectful of the domains of others.

TheBght of Progeny

hou shalt only sive another with the permission, and
Blessing, of thy elder. To create is the providence of those
closest to me, for they shall be accountable. Break this and
both thou and thy progeny shall be slain." Thus spoke Caine.

It is the right of the prince of a domain to choose
who shall and who shall not have the right to sire

childer. This is a great responsibility, since the gift of
the Embrace is not one given lightly and new childer
must be chosen wisely. In this the prince should act as
guiding parent and wise counselor to his subjects,
ensuring that those put forth for the Embrace are
worthy and will strengthen the blood of Caine rather
than weakening or polluting it. A domain that sires
well can grow strong and prosperous, while a domain
that does not grows weak and fractious, and ultimately
falls into rebellion.

The Right of Progeny also helps ensure that the
lineage of any particular Cainite within the domain can
be assured. For it is the right of all Cainites to know from
whence they sprang, and to be able to recite their lineage
unto Caine and the Second Generation, so that they
may know their place among us. That any Caitiff should
arise among the ranks of a domain is a stain upon the
honor of the prince, and should be removed to assure the
purity of the bloodline, as should any who sire without
the rightful permission of their elder.

From the commentaries of Parsifal:

Qt is deed vital that the prince and monarch bold the
right of the Becoming, saytug who shall and who shall vot
sire progeny within their Domains, because neonates are not
aften gifted with the wisdom to know wha ts right for the
Fwbrace aud who is uot, and are often driven by their passions
aud prejudiers in their choices, It is the duty of the prince
ta lash beyond such things, with the good of the domain and
the bloodline at heart, aud choose wisely.

TheBght of Accounting

"Those thou createst, are thy own blood until released
from thy charge. Until that moment, their sins, their blood
and their punishments are thine." Thus spoke Caine

Good reason for the Right of Progeny, the Right of
Accounting places responsibility and duty squarely upon
the shoulders of the fledgling's sire, as it should be
Scions take this right and duty most seriously, since it is
at the heart of our road. The sire is responsible for the
deeds of the childe until that childe is judged a fit
neonate and member of Cainite society. For us the duty
and responsibility does not end there, however. In truth,
the sire is always responsible for the childe to a degree,
even longafter the Traditions say otherwise. The actions
ofthe childe reflect upon the teaching and upbringing of
the sire, so a wise sire keeps watch over his childer like a
dutiful father should.

Ina likewise manner, a lord's vassals should be as
childer to him, and he should be responsible for their
actions, guiding and overseeing them in a rightful way
The responsibility of sire for childe, elder for younger,
lord for vassal, is at the heart of the Road of Kings. This
is why the Right of Progeny is rightly limited only to
those who tule, since they must have sound judgment
and take responsibility for all under their dominion. Ifa

Soke S=c"

Seg

+ CHAPTER ONE -


childe behaves poorly, then the sire's overlord is nearly
as responsible as the sire, and must take steps to correct
any improper behavior.

From the commentaries of Camilla

Of course, the (ord is not fikely to be destroyed for the
infraction of a fledgting, white the sive may Ge. Wor fave 3 seen
all Scions (and certainly not all princes) take Acindynus'
advice to heart. Cainite (ords treat their cffifder (as well as their
subjects) as (ittle more than efattels, tools to be used and then
discarded at their whim, and wfy should they not? After all,
few can dispute with them, and fewer sti(Care able to stay their
flands. The ideals of the Road of Kings are noble ones. The
reality often falls quite short.

The Need for Silence

"Never shalt thou reveal thy true nature to those not of
the blood. Doing so shall renounce thy claims to my Cov-
enant." Thus spoke Caine

Once Caine and his childer ruled openly over the
Children of Seth in the First City, but God unleashed
the Flood upon them and the First City wasswept away.
The Antediluvians ruled over the Second City and
waged war upon each other, until their number was
decimated and Caine pronounced his curse upon them.
He gave his commandment that forevermore we would
tule from the shadows, not openly as before, lest we
draw the suspicion and ire of the mortal herd, and they
come to destroy us.

Some Scions bridle at the restrictions of the Tradi-
tion of Silence, that requires them to conceal their deeds
and their achievements from the mortal world. Cer-
tainly there are those who would rule over the kine
openly, as in the ancient days. To them I say: Look to the
lessons of Enoch and the Great Flood. Look to those
Cainite lords who became careless or underestimated
the mortals. They are dust, and less than dust, scattered
forever on the winds, brought low by those they thought
they had no reason to fear.

Though we may tule the night, it is while the
mortal world lies sleeping, unaware of the truth of what
happens in their halls and in their cities when the sun
sinks below the horizon. The wise Scion learns subtlety
and stealth, the better to hide his doings from the
mortal world. These lessons also serve well in court.
The Scion who understands ruling from the shadows
will be successful, just as the wise man knows when to
remain silent and to listen.

From the commentaries of Anatole

For a wise man, then, Acindynus speaks a great deal. But
then, it's hardly the first time that he contradicts himself. Still,
there is a difference between obeying the Tradition of Silence
And hiding one's light under a bushel, so to speak. Dost
Scions are able to appreciate the first, but not the second. They
have a need to hear of their deeds and their names throughout

the land, and seek the attention and approval of their elders
and betters. Scion knights go off a-questing for glory and
nobles wage war upon each other, either with armies in the
fields or with words and innuendo at court. Those who truly
understand the value of silence and subtlety on the Road of
Kings are few and far between in my experience, although }
agtee with Acindynus that they will gofar indeed in this world.
They will be around long after the legends and names of those
who bluster and brag ate forgotten. They will be the worthies
to greet the Dark Father upon his return, and they are the ones
he will judge.
From the commentaries of Parsifal

I think that Mciudyuns gives too much
importance to shulhing in the shadows, Cruc, we must
coucral our true mature and heritage fram thase wha do
not and cannot understand it, but that ts no reason for
us to bide Ihe Lepers, afraid of sur own reflections, to
east our cyes down when they should be raised beavenward.
Should we wot take pride in our achievements? Should we
not undertake the quests that others shy away from? If
we are to be leaders for our peaple, then we must lead
through example and through acti uot only through
wards, but also through decds!

TheBght of Destruction

"Forbidden art thou to spill the blood of another of thy
kind who is elder. This right belongs only to those closest to
me and none other. Itis forbidden for those of weaker blood
to rise against their elders, in this my final covenant." Thus
spoke Caine

The final CommandmentofCaine places the Right
of Destruction, of Final Death, in the hands of those
who rule, since they are given the power to mete out
high and low justice over their subjects. Although
Caine does not forbid spilling the blood of your juniors
or childer, Cainites should not fight among themselves
needlessly. Itis the duty of the Scions to maintain order
and to protect the existence of all Cainites, even when
it may call for the destruction of those who violate the
law or threaten the stability of our society. Administer-
ing this justice is the duty of the nobility, which we
shall consider further.

The Sixth Tradition also calls for respect for the
elders of our kind, those who are closest to Caine in
generation, and oldest in years. On the Road of
Kings, the Sixth Tradition includes respect and obe-
dience for one's betters in rank and position. A
younger Cainite should defer to an elder in all mat-
ters, just as a knight should defer to a baron and a
baron to a prince. Such respect is the thread that
binds the fabric of our society together, and all
childer must be taught the importance of respecting
their elders, lest they be judged unfit and destroyed,
and rightly so, to protect our ways.


From the commentaries of Antasia

Of all the Traditions, the one that is violated the most
often — by the Scions most of all — is the Right of Destruc-
tion. Acindynus would have us believe that the blood of elders
isnot shed by followers of the Road of Kings when in truth
there is no other means for a Scion to achieve a higher station
inunlife except by desttoying a superior. In some tate cases
they ate clever enough to arvange for their rival to be elimi-
nated in away that does not bloody their own hands. Disgrace
anenemy before a monarch, or expose him to a vengeful mob,
snd opportunities may open. But many ambitious Scions have
Attained their positions by the destruction of their elders, All
the sophistry and justification Acindynus offers us does not
change this simple fact.

Letalionis
OF Justice High and Low

A code of law and justice is all that separates us
from the power of the Beast. It is the duty of all Scions
touphold the law, and ofall the nobility of the night to
enforce it. Our laws are simple ones, compared to the
vast collections of scrolls and tomes that describe the
laws of mortal kingdoms. Our laws come from the
commandments of Caine and from the precept of
Lextalionis. The enforcement of the law is in the hands
of the nobility, and they have the right to punish
offenders as they see fit to ensure that justice is done
and order maintained.

Such justice must be swift and sure, a clean stroke to
cut out any lawlessness that festers within the domain
before it can poison other Cainites. In this, nobles often
empower their vassals and agents, particularly a sheriff,
with the authority to mete out justice and deal with most
ofthesmall crimes that may occur within the boundaries
ofthedomain. Only matters of high justice need concern
the prince, although the prince can and should take an
interest in how justice is dealt out within the domain,
and ensure that it is fair

From the commentaries of Fioré:

_ Other roads claim a role in administering justice to
their own, although not always enough to overcome the
right of princes. Lextalionis is sufi cient justice fo
Ferals or Sinners, but not always for Humanitas or the
wen. Powerful ashen priests may be able to
claim benefit of clergy and the right to be tried befc
court of their peers. Influential teachers of the Road of
Humanity may claim the same, and such requests are
granted almost solely on the basis of how much the
prince fears the retribution of their followers and fellow
adherents. A newly initiated member of the Faithful or
a lowly member of the Humanitas will find little mercy
or forbearance without a powerful patron or ally, unless
the prince is a follower of the same road.

Protection of the Domain

A prince has the right and the responsibility to
protect his domain from all that may threaten it, and the
prince's vassals have the duty to aid in protecting the
domain, with their blood, ifnecessary, although the wise
prince knows not to waste the blood of his followers
needlessly. Many things may threaten the safety and
integrity of a domain, not the least of which are other,

less honorable, Cainite:

A threat may come from outside the domain, in the
form of an aggressive or upstart Cainite seeking to claim
territory for his own. Although once it was rare for
princes to field armies of their own to battle fordominion
and territory, it has become more common in recent
years, with troops of mortal soldiers, ghouls, and even
Children of Caine fighting to conquer or protect a
prince's domain

Still, outside threats are often subtle, and make take
the form of spies or agents of an opposing prince acting
as bandits or brigands, causing trouble and weakeni
the power of the prince if he does not act swiftly to deal
with them. The prince's vassals and subjects may be
targeted, weakening his support and perhaps even turn-
ing themagainsthim ifhe fails to protect them. Certainly
aprince unable to protect his subjects is not worthy of
their loyalty or support, particularly if he hides behind
them out of cowardice:

A threat to the domain may also come from
within, when the prince's subjects break the Tradi-
tions, defying the law. This is particularly true of
upstarts who commit murder and diablerie against
their own kind or those who sire without permission,
perhaps seeking to create their own childer to raise a
force to overthrow their prince. In such matters jus-
tice must be swift and certain. The prince may rely
upon his sheriff, but should not overlook any possible
threat, or else his domain may be lost.

From the commentaries of Antasia

Of course, most of the "less honorable" Cainites who
move against Scions in positions of power ave in truth their
fellow Scions, seeking to usurp that power. Not all followers
of the Road of Kings are bound by codes of honor that forbid
them to move against a neighbor, particularly when things like
territory and valuable feeding grounds are at stake. Some
easily justify such conquests as part and parcel of thei road
and their greater destiny, and anyone who fails to recognize
this destiny pays the price

Shepherding the Flock

The final, and perhaps most important, duty of the
prince and Scion is the quiet guidance of the mortal
flock. In the First City, Caine and his progeny ruled over
the Children of Seth, and the mortals served them, but


Caine alsoadmonished his childer to care for and protect
the children of his brother. In the same way it is our duty
to oversee and protect the mortals dwelling in our own
domains, and for vassals to shepherd the flocks of their
liege-lords, for the good of all.

When the mortal herd is healthy, strong, and
content, a domain can rest easy in the knowledge
that vitae will never be in short supply and the
hunting will be plentiful. When the herd becomes
sickly, starving, or unruly, the hunting is poor for
all Cainites in the domain. This also raises the
possibility of rebellion and uprising among the
mortals, perhaps even war against a neighbor, which
can lead to the destruction of the domain if it is not
handled carefully.

Plague and disease are perhaps the greatest threats
to mortal welfare and the health of the herd. A plague
can sweep through a mortal village, town, or even a
city, and render it almost lifeless. The blood of the dead
and the dying cannot satisfy us, and those who remain
may be too sickly to offer much strong vitae. Steps must
be taken to keep the herd free of contagion and to root
out any signs of plague among their number. We must
admonish our vassals to feed not on the diseased and
plague-ridden, lest they spread the contagion further
among the herd. Instead, use the guise of fevers and
disease to conceal feeding on occasion, enough to keep
the mortals alert for danger, but not so muchas to create
waves of panic about an epidemic

Of the Sunlit World

Some Cainites would deny any association with
the sunlit world, content to lord over the night. Al
though the night is ours, we must extend our reach into
the day if we are to be successful and to understand the
mortal realm that is also ours to command, by right of
blood and power.

Mirror Kingdoms

Perhaps more than any other Via, the Road of Kings
interacts with the mortal world. While kings and mortal
lords rule the day, Cainite Scions and princes rule the
night, often from the same halls and throne-tooms as
those mortal monarchs. We are their dark reflections,
much as they are our mortal mirrors, although few
monarchs are truly aware of what goes on in their own
palaces in the dead of night.

From the very beginning Scions have attached
themselves to particular mortal realms, and to particular
mortals and their holdings. In the Roman Empire,
Cainites walked the darkened streets and alleys, the
silent halls of the Senate and the villas of the wealthy
and powerful patricians. We have held court in

Sy:

+ROAD:@F KING:

Byzantium, Alexandria, London, Paris, and every other
place from which mortals have ruled. Over time, we
became associated with these mortal dwelling places,
close to centers of power, close to those over whom we
rule in the night

Itisno simple matter fora Scion to create and rule
over a manor, much less a castle or great palace,
without drawing the suspicion (and eventually, the
wrath) of mortals. Only in the most isolated places
can a Cainite lord maintain a haven. The Tzimisce
rulers of their own small princedoms do so, with
generations of mortal subjects dimly aware of what
dwells in the craggy castle or villa set high above their
humble valleys. The greatest of Cainite elders also
keep their own havens, such as the Castle of Shadows
where Lasombra dwells on the isle of Sicily. Even
mortals know not to approach this dark place, for fear
of their lives and souls

Isolation, however, does not suit most of the
children of Caine, particularly those on the Road of
Kings. We dwell close to the centers of mortal power
in the great cities of Europe. In these places, it is
possible to maintain a small house or manor without
raising too many questions, but mortals (nobles in
particular) are certain to notice the appearance of the
odd palace or castle where the owner remains un-
known. In fact, it would serve as an invitation for
mortal monarchs to claim such a place as their own
So we permit them to do so and conceal the place's
true nature.

Thus the great Cainite courts and palaces of E
rope are often hidden within the great mortal courts
and palaces throughout Christendom, and beyond. By
day, the place's mortal inhabitants go about theit busi-
ness unaware of what sleeps hidden in catacombs,
tombs, and secret chambers all around them. They
remain ignorant of the ghouls and vassals moving
among them, looking after our affairs and carrying out
our orders until the sun sinks below the horizon and
night settles over the land. Then, as the mortal inhab-
itants sink down to slumber, coffins, tombs, and crypts
swing open and we emerge to greet another night. We
hold our courts, conduct our affairs, and rule over the
night. We also hunt, satisfying our endless hunger from
the mortal cattle, either from our servants or those who
sleep believing strong walls and barred doors will pro-
tect them. Then we retire to our havens before the
coming dawn, when the mortal inhabitants of the place
rise and it begins all over again

So it is that most Cainite domains mirror the king-
doms and realms of the sunlit world and have done since
the fall of the Second City. Our fates are tied with those
of mortals, giving us good reason to shepherd and guide
them toward our own ends.

. ao


On Matters of Faith

The Road of Kings is not without faith in God and
Hispower. Afterall, did not God make us what we are in
placing His curse upon Caine? And in so doing, the Lord
gave us the power to take and rule the night as our own.
Ido not truck with the divine right of kings. God has
given us the power, but itis for us to decide how we shall
use it. Not every Cainite, nor even every Scion, is
Embraced to become a monarch. Still, we recognize the
power of the Lord and honor the truth of His words and
wisdom through our Dark Father, Caine.

Ofcourse, some Scions are quite pious, while others
catelittle for talk of Heaven and its doings. What can we,
theDamned, know of Heaven'? Instead it is our lot to rule
here in the world of the living and never see the gates of
Paradise. We must make our own Heaven on Earth, in
thedomains we createand rule, our own eternity, crafted
and maintained by our hands, to last out the ages until
the time of the Reckoning is come.

From the commentaries of Rodrigo:

Acindynus says licele of i, but some Seéons do noe
follow the Christian God. keeping their own faith
instead. The Tzinisce may follow de Eastern Church,
when they concern themselves with God at all. The
Cainites of che Muslin lands and Iberia are quite
devout ix their own faith, and I have encountered
Scions who hold erue to the old ways of chis land. from
the times before the Church. (No doubt there are other
faiths chat followers of the Road of "Kings honor or
profess to honor. Te matters little, since it seems that
faith is only one more Weapon in the arsenal the Scions
use to extend their power and influence

Ashen Priests

Some Scions are drawn toa different path to power,
adifferent way of achievement. They serve no earthly
liege, but choose instead to serve and to worship God as
Hispriests. In so doing, they also serve the Road of Kings,
guidingus by their example and their words, urging uson
toglory and excellence. They support the rightful lords
ofthe night and, when necessary, root out those unwor-
thy to walk our road, or to rule.

On Becoming an Ashen Priest

These ashen priests may have served God before
the Embrace, and continue to do so after taking the
blood of Caine, but many feel called to service after
they have risen to unlife, and have learned from their
sireall that they need to know to choose their own way.
Sometimes ashen priests of the road will choose par-
ticularly worthy novitiates or novices, taking them by
the hand and guiding them toward an understanding of
our ways so they can be worthy of the Embrace. But

most of the priesthood is made up of Cainites who have
chosen it, hearing the call to service in the name of God
and the Via Regalis.

The teaching of an ashen priest is much like that of
the mortal clergy. They learn the scriptures, both from
the Bible and the Book of Nod, from the writings of
Cainite priests and scholars of years past. They learn the
sacraments, in particular the rites of the Road of Kings,
so they can minister to the faithful. It takes years to learn
all that isneeded, but we have nothingsave time, and the
time is sufficient to weed out those whose vocation is not
strong or who are better suited to other duties.

Finally the novice is ordained into the priesthood of
the road, to serve God and to minister to His faithful
servants in unlife, to teach and to preserve the ways and
traditions of our road, and to uphold the Traditions
passed down to us by Caine, our Dark Father.

TheRle of the Justicar

While barons and princes can mete out justice to
their subjects, and lords and monarchs can do the same
with their subjects and vassals, it can be difficult for a
subject misused by a liege-lord (or one of the liege's
agents) to seek redress. Likewise, who is to judge a prince,
if there is no overlord to whom the prince owes fealty? In
these matters, the Road of Kings looks to the Justicars to
ensure that the guilty do not go unpunished.

The Justicars answer to no one prince, but to the
hierarchy of ashen priests of the Via Regalis. Indeed, they
are much like the mortal Inquisition, charged with main-
taining the purity of the Road of Kings and upholding its
honor and integrity. The priesthood sees to it that every
domain of any great size has a Justicar assigned to admin-
ister to its needs, although more often Justicars oversee
many domains, traveling through them to hear matters
requiring their attention. Only the Justicars of great cities
and vast domains have enough to occupy them there.
Since the Justicar is in no way bound or beholden to the
prince, he is impartial and able to dispense justice fairly

Justicars intervene in only two sorts of matters. The
first is when a Cainite brings complaint against one of
higher rank, often a liege-lord, and has evidence of viola-
tions of the Traditions or improper treatment. In this case,
the Justicar is empowered to investigate and bring the
matter before the accused Cainite's overlord. The other is
whenahigh-ranking Cainite isaccused ofacrimeand there
is no overlord to whom the matter can be brought. In this
case, a Justicar is empowered to act as judge, but must call
a conclave of the accused Cainite's peers to hear the case
and ensure that justice is done. Against the decisions of the
Justicars, there is no appeal.

The existence of the Justicars ensures that the laws
and traditions extend to all, and affirms the rights and
responsibilities of the nobility.

eee ee ~
Cees ine teeeng

+ CHAPTER ONE +


orca es
+ TS

ey

iy

QS

From the commentaries of Antasia:

The existence of the Justicars is merely another ex-
ample of how the Road of Kings seeks to dominate everything
within Cainite society. The Justicars are little move than
priest-inguisitors of the Via Regalis. They have no true
authority over Cainites of any other road, any more than
the ashen priests of the Road of Heaven have over the
Cainites of the Road of the Beast. But with so many Scions
in positions of power throughout the land, the office of
Justicar carvies a steange legitimacy. The Czimisce masters
of the eastern lands do not recognize their authority, and
the Lasombra of Iberia only barely do so. The Venteue of

England grudgingly accept the value of the Justicars,
but it is clear that their power is limited there. Only in
France and the Holy Roman Empire does the
order function as Acindynus describes it

And then only under ideal circumstance
The Courts of Love recognize the Justicars
authority, but individual Queens may in-
that a younger Cainite, or even an entire
coterie, accompany a Justicar they consider
dangerous or untrustworthy. Likewise, any

Justicar who seeks to gainsay the Black Cro
finds no quarter in the fiefs under Hardestadt,

Jiirgen, or myself.

The appointment of the Justicats is.as driven
by politics as everything on the Road of Kings,
and their judgments ate weighed against the

power and influence of the accused as much
any evidence of guilt or innocence. Those
upstarts who threaten the vule of the elders
may find themselves accused of wrongdoing
And dealt with by the Justicars. They serve as
Another weapon that the Scions use to main-
tain their power.

The Chur

The Via Regalis and the Church
have always been closely related, ever
since the Church's founding durin
the Roman Empire and during the
spread of Christendom across the
civilized world. While the followers
of the Via Caeli see the Church as a
source of salvation, Scions understand
the Church as a source of power, and
always have. Certainly, there is power
to be had in the position of bishop or
even cardinal. Still, Scions within
the Church are more likely to b
found pulling the strings of s
men as puppets while occup
ing seemingly more humble
ositions, or not being


sen atall, except when they come forth from crypts
deep beneath the cathedrals and churches over which
they rule

Ashen priests of the Road of Kings strongly influ-
ence the Church, offering many Scions another route to
fulfill their ambitions. Such Scions are often influential
inboth the mortal Church and among adherents of our
road for their faith and understanding of doctrine.

From the commentaries of Fioré

Here becomes clear a central tenet of the Road of
‘Kings that is never spoken, but which damns them all.
The Scions claim to hold faith in God, but they choose
todeny themselves any hope of salvation. To many of
them, God has given them the power of the blood of
Caine, then washed ‘His hands of the matter and left
the Children of Caine and the Children of Seth to thetr
own devices.

Yet it is so clear that the power of the Lord is with
us,even still, and that He watches over all his children,
including those descended from the blood of Caine. What
began with Caine has not yet ended. The Lord is testing
1s, testing our faith and our understanding of His will
Only by doing His work can we understand and prove
ourselves worthy. In time, those Scions who reject the
work of God to create a pale shadow of Paradise on Earth
willdiscover they have only created a ‘Hell for their own.
imprisonment. In time, the sinners and the faithful will
foth be judged. "ee

Of the Inquisition

The gravest threat to our influence in the mortal
worldalso comes from within the Church, from the Holy
Office of the Inquisition, charged with seeking out
heresy and protecting Christendom against it. Unfortu-
nately some of the priests and scholars of the Church are
aware of our existence and have not been brought into
thefold. They see usas Hell-spawned creatures, and hunt
us with fire and steel, believing that their faith will
protect them:

Caine warned against underestimating the mortal
herd and against usurping the place of God. Cainite
influence within the Church is more important now
than ever if we are to stem the tide of this new threat
before it becomes a true danger to us.

Commentaries
on theMad of Kings

The following commentaries (in addition to those
found elsewhere in this work) come from scholars of the
other, lesser roads. They are included here simply to
remind any wavering Scion what awaits him outside the
Via Regalis.

TheWoad of the Beast

by Rodrigo

The Road of Kings has taken a simple idea and
needlessly tangled it in a web of words. traditions
symbols, and lies. Ie is in may ways the same idea
that we Ferals follow: In this world everything is
either predator or prey. "Being one. though, oes not
mean that one cannot become the other. Careless
predators may find themselves hunced by skilled and
cunning prey. If they are not strong enough. then
they are beccer culled from che hunc co make Way
for others.

The Scions are right that we Cainites are superior
to mortals, but not that we should rule over them.
Does the wolf rule-over che sheep? Oaes che lion rule
over cattle? "No. we may direct the viorcal herd where
and when névessary to suit our needs, but we-cannot
rule chen The games of kingship and power chat che
Seions play are\d waste of time- a dilucion of our
essential nature. and a foolish actemptto deny, che
power of the Beast within us all

The Scions.use che words of Caine to Support cheir
dead One consider-the face' of Caine andthe Firse
City. Te was-not until Caine claimed regency of a city
of mortals'thae the Great Flood came. Ie was fighting
over the Second, City chat brought Caine's curse upon
his childer, We are not meant to rule cities. They are
the home-of our prey andwe are the wolves chat howl
at the door. What need do Wehaveforhearths, when
our blood has made usstrong enoughts run free in the
wild, with che Earth to protect us by day and the whole
world before us at night?

T have borne witness to the struggles of those
who would be kings and monarchs of our kind and the
mortal world as well. I have seen the carnage that
comes from those struggles. It is not the quick and
clean kill that they offer. Te is torture and mayhem
Te és servitude and slavery. Ocath and worse on a
muddied field for a meaningless cause. I say that it
is foolishness, but it is no concern of mine. so long as
the Scions confine their games to their own cities
Those that would lay waste to che wilderness and
use our lands as their battlefields, be Warned — the
hunter can become the prey. and among us only the
cruly strong shall survive

TheMWad of Heaven

by Fioré

4t is undeniable fact that there is an order to
Creation, and that kings and princes are a part of
this divinely ordained structure, with the Lord at its
pinnacle, and below Him arrayed the ranks of the
eavenly ‘Host, on down to mortal man. We, too, are

+ CHAPRTER-ONE


a part of His divine plan. God placed His mark and
‘His curse upon Caine, and Caine s sired us through his
blood
ance of the, fand his rule "of tI the F City place:
us beyord the Lord's-concern, but the Gredt Flood
and the destruttion of the-First Cityanakes it clear
that the Fai fias-not abande
and knows atl

So what then of the)right of king is God'
will that kings. should rule ov butsavithythe
guidance ee Word prose ieedkand obey

hemes against the will
of | God, and»Final Death | is' the only ‘punishment
suitable for such.a.crinte.

But then som

their, proper due to th
those\who-commit terrible iaphen in yey the
wilkand power of theé Lard, c laiming that they are the
ultimate, peer el ig that they are ernal, they

andterrible, f is 00 well
These Scions rule ice of God or ‘His

and prophets, aind-so-fo eNery divine
ngltof od foley meisthetrs,

"The

inthe potty oft Third
iganevatton afd ey will br rath upon
them, si

of the
ord and

[for their own aggrand
shall follow the path they have laid out into Hell,
damnation eternal

TheMad of Humanity
ilia Antasia

seeks to divide
Even the Road of Heaven, with its many schisms and
united in its faith in God and His divine plan. But
the Via Regalis deliberately pits us against each other
because, in the end, its goals cannot be attained by all, but
only a select few. First, the Scions are set apart from all
others of our kind, cloaked in the same divine nobility that
mortal kings and princes claim. They are set above the
common folk and they choose to set the Children of Caine


itself ave divided into their ranks: Squires and knights,
tarons and princes, lords and great monarchs, each with a
title and a place in the grand order.

Am] an enemy of order? Not so, } say. The order of the
Road of Kings has but one end, the opportunity for a select few
toseize power and hold it, climbing on the backs of both mortal
and Cainite vassals to achieve their goal. By itsvery nature, the
Road of Kings leads us to conflict, artd.the Wat of Princes is
Aclear result of its ways; After all, there ate far more Scions
than crowns. Sooner or later it must come to war.

uch isto be admired about the Road of Kings but for
this fatal flaw. The road — particularly.the noble Path of
Chivalry ~ emphasizes obedience to the law, responsibil-
ity, duty, andthe value of honor, all qualities we should
hold to in the face of the Beast. Some Scions are truly noble
atheart, but are they a match for the schemters and tyrants
of their Road, Who want nothing more than power and the
prestige thatcomes with it? } pray that they are, because if
the tyrants seize power.throughout the civilized world, at
least one of Acindynus'stheories may be proven true.
Monarchs rule at the sufferance of their subjects, and it is
nithin our power to-rise Up-and-overthrow them, if they do
not rule well.

TheMad of Sin

by Camilla

The Road of Kings, noSle and proud, fords of all that
they su fers and fypoctites all, 3 say. They distract
themselves with all their talk of duty, service, Kingsfiip, and
fy themselves with; the mere
guest for power when in the end the power that they seek will
never Ge enough for them. They deny their true natures and
deny themseloes all that they could Gave in the hopes of
achieving something in time.

Of course, not all Scions are so dedicated to the deals
of service and duty. Gome understand that the purpose of
power is to bring pleasure and satisfy other, more primal,
needs and desires. J fave attended (avisf fetes thrown by
those on the Road of Rings that showed a clear under-
standing of desire and its satisfaction. But even these
Scions shy away, fromthe truth, retreating befjind their
rituals and theinitities, The next night they turn back to
thett Siitiesorthetr scheming for power. Oheuenstave their
desires to the earise of Kingsfip, and pretend that, there is
sometfing more important in their existence than thesatis-
faction they found in pleasure. They Samee and filrt with
desire, drawing it close, then spinning if away. They do nat
embrace it, as me have. Chey fear to fose their vaunted self-
control, their dignity, and their place in soctetysnfjen in
truth we (aughrand mock them.

They could Ge so mikff more, if only they cast off their
quaint notions of duty and responsiéility. Our responsisi
ity in this world is to ourselves and to our own satisfaction.
The Beast reminds us well enough that it is so and tells us
wfjen we are not satisfied. Wfjy starve it and force it into a
cage of duty when you can satiate it and fullit to sleep with
a fjundred different sensations and experiences?

That's really the greatest disappointment about the
Road of Kings. For all their high-minded ideals and their
fofty goals, their vision is so... fimited. They continue to
play out tfhe same games for power and controf that mortals
fave done throughout time, wien there is an entire world
(aid out Gefore them for the taking. Like the Cael and the
Humanitas, they prefer to ape the ways of mortals and cling
to wfjat they once were, instead of what they could be. The
fact that they are so close to the trutf is what tempts so
many of us to try and show them the way, J think. More
often than not, it's wasted effort.



HAPTER, CWO:
Che WAYS
OR KINGS

Honorall men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor
the king.
— Peter 2:17

The followers of the Via Regalis are nothing if not believers in

tradition. Tradition is what holds the Road of Kings together and gives
the Scions their strength and authority, so there is a strong desire to
preserve and uphold the traditions of both the road and those handed
down by Caine to his childer

This makes the Road of Kings perhaps the most structured of any of the
roads, because it isso bound up in Cainite traditionsand concepts of nobility
and kingship. The adoption of feudal customs and chivalry add to the layers
ofhistoryalready built up on the road. Becominga Scion isnosimple matter,
and following the road can be difficult, but then the Scions would have itno
other way, since to them nothing worth having comes easily

Choosing New Scions

"You have served me well, Hans," Lord Vermott said, and the young
knight bowed his head in what he hoped was sufficient humility

"Thank you, lord. It is my greatest wish to serve."

Lord Vermott smiled a bit at that. "Oh, come now, Hans," he said. "I
know that you have greater ambitions than that."

Hans' heart skipped a beat. It was as if Lord Vermott knew the contents of,
his mind. Perhaps he did, for Hans knew that his lord wielded sorcery beyond the


understanding of mortal men. Did he know eve
thought or dreamed about or hoped for?

"Do not be afraid," Vermott said, as ifhe could read Hans'
thoughts. "I understand and approve of your ambitions. I need
men with ambition, with fire, at a time like this. There is a place
forlessermen among the ranks on the battlefield, but I need better
men to lead them."

A small hope blossomed in Hans' heart. He dared to look up
at his lord and master. "My liege, I..." he began, but the
remaining words died in his throat as Vermott bared his fangs and
lunged at him. He fell backward and tried to scramble away, but
he was far too slow. He gave only a small whimper as Vermort's
fangs sank deep into his neck, which tumed into a sigh as the
ecstasy of the Kiss spread through his body like sweet poison. It
was slowly replaced by a growing cold that overtook his limbs
then his heart. Hans sank back onto the floor, his sight growing
dim as Vermott reared up above him

The vampire lord leaned down to whisper in his vassal's ear
as the life ebbed from Hans' body

"Should your ambitions ever make you consider betraying
me, my dear Hans, I want you to recall this moment. If you serve
me well, you need never experience death again."

Scions choose their vassals — both mortal and Cainite
carefully. Unlike the kings of the mortal world, Cainite
princes and lords do not fall victim to illness or age. Their
domains can only pass from them if they choose to step
down, ot if they are careless and allow their ambitious
underlingsto overthrow them. Therefore wise Scions choose
their vassals carefully and keep a close eye on them (while
unwise Scions are quickly culled from the ranks)

Princes and lords control the right to sire offspring
with good reason, since uncontrolled Embracing might
allow a rival within the prince's own domain to gather a
large number of Cainite followers and challenge the
prince's rule. Most Scions take the tradition of progeny
nd violations are reason enough to have

quite seriously,
the offender and the childe destroyed. A ruler's vassals
are always on the watch for signs of unlawful Embracing
within the domain, and act quickly to deal with it when
it crops up.

Scions tend to be cautious and conservative about
whom they Embrace. After all, their blood is noble, of the
line of Caine. It is a gift that should be given only to those
who are worthy of it, not simply to any peasant or wastrel.
A childe reflects on the reputation of the sire, and a sire is
responsible for the childe's actions, so siring is not some-
thing to be done lightly

That is not to say that noble blood is a prerequisite for
the Embrace among Scions (although some truly arrogant
Cainites do consider it so). Scions keep their own counsel
about a potential vassal's worthiness to serve, to be given
vitae and, finally, to be given the gift of the Embrace. Some
find diamonds in the rough among the most rude and
common of folk, needing a guiding hand to shape them and
bring out their potential. Other Scions are beguiled by a
desire for companionship into giving the Embrace to the
wrong person, something that has led to the downfall of
more than one Cainite noble over the years.

(> ff Fa ie

sei
+ preetees a2
Ceeromemeome"

ete

Although the choice of vassals is ultimately a personal
and subjective decision, a Scion tends to look for certain
things in a potential vassal, qualities that separate the
wheat from the chaff. These determine whether a vassal s
toremaina simple servant or may become something more
in the vampire's service

The most important is the balance between obedi
ence and personal initiative. It is important that the
vassal obeys the lord's commands, but few Scions want
only mindless thralls and fawning sycophants in theit
service. Their servants must be able to handle most

small matters without attention from their liege-lord
particularly while the vampire rests during the day
Indeed, the ideal servant is dutiful and demands little of
the Scion's attention because most matters are dealt
with long before they require it

The problem is that too much initiative may combine
with a dose of ambition and lead vassals to betray their
oaths of loyalty in order to secure power for themselves
Any ruler who depends too much upon his advisors and
underlings to handle matters may soon find himself noth-
ing more than a figurehead, t
hands. When that happens, the ruler is no longer necessary
and may be replaced. So a vassal's usefulness and initiative
must be balanced against any ambitions and possible be-
trayal in the future

Other qualities that Scions look for include physical
strength and a sharp mind. The former is more important
for soldiers and vassals expected to defend their lord'
holdings, while the latter is more important for advisors
emissaries, and other servants of the Scion.

he real reins of power in other

The rema
petence depend largely on the individual Scion and
influencessuch asclan. The Ventrue are more likely toseek
out those of noble blood, particularly when searching fora
potential protégé. The Toreadoraredrawn to the beautiful,
the talented, and the tragic, while the Brujah want fre
thinkers and philosophers, and may seek the company of
like-minded mortals.

Training

Once a Scion has chosen a potential new childe, there
may be a period of training before the sire decides that the
mortal is ready to receive the Embrace and embark upon
the Road of Kings. The sort of training is up to the
individual Scion. Some receive little or no education
before they are brought into the nighttime world of the
Children of Caine. Others are carefully groomed and
taught by their vampiric mentors before they are consid-
ered ready.

ning qualities after loyalty, drive, and com-

On the one hand, some Cainites feel a sense of
urgency to Embrace a suitable candidate immed
ensure that they won't be taken from the world by
disease or injury, to capture their essence as they are, and
also to bind them to their sire. On the other, mortals
learn and change more easily than vampires do, so there
is something to be said for molding and teaching a

rely to.


WOMENONTHEROADOFKINGS

(s 5)omen in 1230 might be royalty, and even
7 Micaders, but aren't likely to be warrio
most men,a leader who cannot carry

no leader at all.
Cainites do not tend to hold onto this sort of
thinking for long
Preconceived notions about gender roles
pecially when such things are presumed to be divinely
ordained, but most vampires understand that undeath
levels the playing field quite a bit. A female Cainite is
capable of exactly the same things, from a supernatural
perspective, thata male ones. A female Scion has every
bitas much desire and drive to lead, fulfill her nd
amass power as any man, and so male Scions underesti-
mate their "sisters" at their own peril
When interacting with the mortal world, however, a
female Scion must be somewhat circumspect —a woman
demonstrating knowledge of war, tactics, or other "mas
line" pastimesislikelytoattract the wrongsortof attention.
Some women circumvent this by hiding their sex (Badr,
the Sultan of Granada, has had great success at this,
although she isnota Scion) using either simple disguise or
sciplines such as Obfuscate. Others compensate by
rulingall the more harshly, toprove that they can beasfirm
man. The more experienced Scions,
ctthatmortalsunderestimate themand
ly among the knightly
orders, a bashful glance and a promised favor can do
wonders to motivate a strong young knight to undertake

blameless for the results

protégé for a time before the Embrace freezes body and
mind forever. Some Scions think that childer should be
taught so they can make an educated choice about
whether or not to take the Embrace, but others tell their
vassals nothing until the deed is done and there is no
going back

The training of a potential Scion is much like that
aknight or young noble. In fact, with the rise of the Path of
Chivalry, knightly training has become common for Sci-
ons, even those not on the path. They start out as squires,
either to their future sire or with aknightly order of Cainites
(orone with Cainites in its ranks). In some cases, a sire may
choose to make a potential childe a squire at court, or
arrange a position like clerk or scribe (common for the more
scholarly Scions of the Path of the Vizier)

Students are educated in the ways of the world, par
ticularly in the etiquette and rules of Cainite society.
Loyalty, duty, and honor are bred into them, making them
worthy vassals of their master. Their mettle is often tested
with contests and duties assigned to them. Those who are

not up to the challenge may still remain useful and loyal
servants of their Cainite liege. Those who show particular
talent and dedication may advance through the ranks


EARLY TRAINING

AND PRELUDES
6 selection and early training of Scion

characters can become an essential part of
their preludes, if the Storyteller desires. Certainly, the
sire's reasons for choosing the character, any pre-Em-
brace training or experience, and the circumstances of
the Embrace itself go.a long way toward helping define
thecharacter'sbackground and personality. Playingout
those scenes may help give players.a better understand
ing of what it is to be a Scion, even before their
character steps onto the Road of Kings. A Scion's early
experiences may also serve as the foundation for later
moments of truth in the character's career, as some-
thing from the Scion's past becomes clear, opening up
a better understanding of the road and its tenets.

For mote information, see Moments of Truth
later in this chapter and Preludes in Chapter Three.

Blood Oaths and Ghouls

For some students, their mortal life ends once they

1 themselves. Given the Embrace, they are

taught what they need to know to embark on the Re

Kings. For othe he blood of Caine

The tw stial Scions may

pass through on their way to their mortal deaths are taking
pire's vitae to rouls, and undergoing the

sod oath to bind them closely to their future sire and lie

he path to attainin,

is long additional steps pot

The blood oath is common for most high-ranking
mortal servants of a Cainite lord. It echoes the oaths of
yorn to mortal rulers, but with the supernatural
power of the blood to enforce and bind it. It is always
conducted cerem pically, the
before the regnant and offer an oath of
eath, followed by
ampire's blood, either from a goblet

fealty

with a med
assal will kne
fealty and loyalty
drinking some of the v
or directly from the regnant's open vein (although the
ne hidebound Scions).

Ire C

‘unto ind beyond,

former is more common amor
The bl

d with wine, but Scions usually
atit

vad of Kings
hs dishon-
(although

hem to

ly, prefer
is they are drinkin
s loyalty must be offer
the use of Disciplines like Presence to convince t

red fair).

orab

swear such oaths is con:

The regnant then swears to safeguard the vassal and

treat him honorably in exchange for his loyalty and service.

More than most Cainites, S

toward their thralls quite
binding to both
nt nk

repeated on

their responsibilities
The blood oath is a
arties in its way, al
e better part of the
lowing two night:

ions t

iously

ual
after which the blood oath is comg

ound in the vampire's service

shere. Bound by their
thful
dged un

Formany
oath, the

continu ord f
he case for mortal vas
nbrace, or more suited to s

are. Potential chile

thy of

ant as they
are somet

ritual, making the blood that

final seal of the blood oath a

Sometimes the regnant may choose to give the thrall
h vitae t houl. This is typically done with
the third and final amount of blood. T

small, just enough for the blood oath. The final draught is
rger, filling the vassal with the supernatural pc :

eno
e first ewo drinks are

and creating a new ghoul as well
oath.

Some Scions con: istence as a ghoul a useful

ghouls, they leam

the vulnerabilities of true

to th
from. ving the re;
2 any ne
brace. Of course,
childe sucha taste for C

ead to di

ngerous to give a potential
nite blood so early, thinking it can

iablerie later on.

VASSAL CHRONICLES

J possible to run a Dark Ages chronicle
where the characters are all mortal vassals
of the particular vampire liege-lord (or perhaps
multiple allied lords). The characters may be ordi-
nary mortals, possibly bound by the blood oath, or
they may be ghouls, giving them some access to
Disciplines and supernatural powers, but not limit-
ing their ability to move about during the day.
Their liege might be grooming one or more of the
characters for the Embrace at some point, with or
without the characters' knowledge.

Theit relative freedom of movement opens up
the possibility of the characters serving as emi
ies or agents of their liege for various and sundry
tasks. The prime limitation of ghoul characters is
their dependence on their regnant's blood to sus-
tain them. They won't be able to travel far from
their liege before the hunger will eventually force
them to return (or lead them to turn to another
Cainite for what they need, which can present an
interesting dilemma).

A vassal chronicle can go on for some time and
tell a compelling story by itself. It can also "graduate"
into a full-fledged Dark' Ages: Vampire chronicle,
with the characters undergoing the Embrace and
becoming neonates (likely with considerably more
experience and understanding of the inner workings
ofCainite society than moststarting characters have).


The Embrace

Regardless of the training, grooming, and preparation,
itisimpossible for any vassal to walk the Road of Kings until
the Embrace is given and the blood of Caine flows in his
veins. Also, despite the sire's most careful efforts, there is
nothing that can prepare a mortal for the experience of
joining the ranks of the unliving.

Scions often treat the Embrace with considerable
ceremony, although there are certainly times when it
happens suddenly without preparation, or privately. If the
sire has time to plan, the Embrace is often much like a
religious initiation, particularly among those Scions who
uphold (or at least observe) the traditions of the Church or
some other religion. It may accompany the recognition of
someachievement by the childe, such as attaining knightly
satus or winning a contest (which may determine the
candidate's worthiness).

Generally, a candidate who has come this far must
ask for the Embrace and truly want to become a vampire
Scions consider this preferable to "random" or "forced"
Embraces, since it affirms the ideals of free will and the
personal quest for excellence that their road espouses. Of
course, acandidate quite often does not fully realize what
he is asking for or what he will experience once his
mortal life is over, but that simply serves to test and
srengthen his mettle even further. If the experience of
the Embrace destroys him, then he was not worthy of the
Road of Kings.

Stepping Onto the%wad

Scions come to the Road of Kings in a variety of ways
and how they find the road often colors their understanding
and experience of it.

Many Scions are groomed to follow the road by their
sires or mentors. The rest come to the road on their own,
and often prove to be some of the most ambitious and
capable Scions simply because they chose their own way in
unliferather than having it chosen for them. While Cainites
are incapable of choosing their clan or sire, and many did
notchoose their unliving existence, they can choose which
road they will follow. For Scions, the Road of Kings is the
ultimate expression of that free will and the determination
tofollow it.

Apirants

Like the other roads, one needs a teacher or mentor
inorder to walk the Road of Kings. While some isolated
Cainite despots or barbarian chieftains may stumble
upon the principles of the road on their own, coming to
acrude understanding of its ways, true knowledge (and
therefore understanding) of the Via Regalis is best gained
fom someone who is familiar with the territory. Sooner
orlater, an aspirant to the Road of Kings must seek out
the aid of a teacher.

YN Se coos.
+ CHAPTER TWO +

Se Sire

Cainites groomed for the Road of Kings from their
Embrace (or even before) usually look to their sires as
mentors and teachers in the ways of the road. Some sires
inform their childer of the existence of other roads, present-
ing them as clearly inferior to the Via Regalis as a serf is
inferior to a king. Others do not even bother to tell their
fledglings of other possibilities until they are "confirmed"
on the Road of Kings, so as not to confuse them with lesser
possibilities. Time enough, they say, for them to learn of the
other roads once they are firmly on their own path

Fosterage

As the heavy lid of the coffin creaked, Jules fought down the
urge to bare his fangs and hiss at whomever had the temerity to
disturb his vest. Te would not make a suitable first impression in
his new home. So he leashed the urges of the Beast with the need
for proper decorum and waited until the ponderous lid swung
open before opening his eyes

The woman he beheld upon opening them was a vision of
loveliness. Her skin was as pale as marble, smooth as silk. Her
lustrous chestnut hair was piled high on her head, falling in
artfully arranged ringlets to frame her heart-shaped face. Her
eyes were the same color as the amber necklace she wore, a rich
honey, and her lips were red as blood. They parted to reveal a
perfectly white smile as she extended her hand co him

"Lam Marianne," she said as he took her hand. It was cool
andstrong. "Welcome, Jules de Toulouse, welcome to the Court
of Love."

Jules bent to kiss the back of her hand before rising from his
resting-place. "Thank you, milady," he said. "Itis a pleasure to
be here. The journey was a long one."

"You are well rested, I hope?" Marianne asked, looking Jules
overand shyly meetinghis gaze with a sre choed her approval

"Well enough," he said

"Good, then I will take you to meet your new liege and see
about getting you settled here. I believe that I will be pleased to
consider you my brother, Jules, since we are to be fostered here
together. I look forward to getting to know you better."

"And I you, my lady," he replied. "Lead on, please."

A relatively new practice among Scions is that of
fosterage. In ancient times, in accordance with the laws
handed down from Caine, sires were directly responsible for
their childer. This meant that a sire was not only expected
to teach childer proper behavior and all they needed to
know about their lineage and Cainite nature, but was also
directly responsible for the actions of his or her childe. A
crime committed by the childe could result in the destruc-
tion of both childe and sire, so sires were encouraged to
choose carefully before they gave the Embrace.

This tradition is still enforced in the 13th century,
but relations between Cainite sires have become more
complex since those ancient nights. Sires now often owe
fealty to particular overlords, and maintain alliances with
their peers. Vampire liege-lords may permit their vassals
to sire, requiring their vassals' childer to remain loyal to
both their sire and their sire's overlord. Like their mortal
counterparts, Cainite nobles and princes look for means

Siete,

"


to cement their relationships and alliances, to strengthen
their positions within the Courts of the Damned. Foster-
age is one means of doing so.

The concept is a simple one. Scion fledglings are
sent from their sire to dwell in the haven of another
Cainite of equal (or sometimes greater) rank. Often they
may be sent from one court to another. There they
become the foster childer of that Cainite, treated as true
childer with respect to the laws and customs of vampire
society. It is most common for Scions to exchange
childer in fosterage, although sometimes the arrange-
ments can become even more complex, with a circle of
vampire nobles passing their childer along to the next
Scion in a long chain or circle

The purpose of fosterage is twofold. First, it allows
fledglings to leave the nest early and receive training and
education away ftom "home," where they can begin to
spread their wingsa bit under the watchful eye of their foster
sire. Italso allows young Scions the opportunity to see some
of the world and understand how affairs are conducted in
other courts in Europe. It is not uncommon fora neonate to
be fostered to more than one court before returning to her
site's side. The experience and education she gains is
invaluable once she takes her place as the vassal of her true
liege-lord (who may or may not also be her sire)

Secondly, the practice of fosterage helps to
strengthen ties between the various courts of Europe.
The presence of a childe in an ally's court is a sign of
respect and trust, while fostering a childe to a former

fy
melnoed,

ye

enemy may help understanding and goodwill to grow (or
at least provide a hostage for each side to help limit the
possibility of open hostilities). Although all Cainites
recognize the potential of using fostered fledglings as
spies, it isn't openly discussed. Iris, however, expected to
some degree, and Scion hosts are always aware that their
foster childer may be reporting back to their true sire all
that they see and hear

Fledglings are usually fostered with another Cainite
noble of equal or greater status than their sire. It's rela-
tively common for fledglings to foster with their sire'
liege-lord, perhaps even the prince of the domain in
which their sire dwells. Princes are well aware that this

allows them the opportunity to cultivate fealty among
neonates, assuring that they understand where their true
loyalties should lie. Scions seek to foster their childer in
this way because it shows the favor of the prince and
allows their childer to gain valuable contacts and experi
ence in court. Having the opportunity to foster with a
higher-ranking Scion is considered an honor (and may be
an excuse for characters to acquire either the Mentor or
Status backgrounds).

It's rare for fledglings to be fostered with lower-ranking
hosts. This typically only happens for two reasons. The
fledglings' sire may wish to teach them some humility and
understanding of those of lower station, so they are fostered
with some low-ranking Scion in a small domain so they can
understand things from the ground up. Some Scions believe
that a few years of difficult fosterage builds character,

-ROAD-OF KINGS -

pattculatly for neonates that had easy and privileged li
before the Embrace.

A fledgling might also be fostered below his station if
hissie is particularly high ranking and there is no suitable
per with whom to foster the childe.
foster their childer to distant courts in other
parts of Europe, but many prefer to keep them closer at
This

considered both a grea at honor and a grave responsibility

In some cases,
Cainite lords

hand, and foster them with one of their own vassals.

ne chosen vassal. It can either indicate a prince who
tnsts and favors that vassal, or a prince looking to set up
avassal for failure, perhaps even getting rid of a trouble-

some childe in the bargain.
There is no set amount of time that a fosterage is
expected to last, although a year is considered the absolut

minimum, and between five and ten years is common.

ring this time, the fledgling is expected to learn how to
behave at court and about Cainite history, customs, and
theother skills necessary toa Scion. Gaps in the fledgling's
nortal education are also filled in, when necessary, since

tall Scions are of noble birth. There may be some

tivalry between fosterlings, and sires often encourage it in
h them to survive in the cutthroat world of
Cainite politics.

ord

to tea

THE FOSTERAGE CHRONICLE

J t's fairly easy to build a chronicle around the
& practice of fosterage at the Cainite courts.
The characters may all be neonates fostered to the
same court, coming from diverse backgrounds ac
Europe. Some of them may even follow roads other
than the Road of Kings, chosen for fosterage because
they belong to one of the High Clans or perhaps
because they are childer of a powerful prince or noble
who follows a different road.

Placed together as "siblings" in their foster sire's
court, the characters can begin to learn about each
other and about vampire society and customs. This
provides an excellent opportunity to introduce new
players to the setting and history of Dark Ag
Vampire, learningas their characters learn about the
strange shadow-world they have stepped into. Foster-
lings may become pawns in the political games of
theirelders, and targets of jealousy on the part of their
foster sire's true childer. Opportunities for court
intrigue abound.

Since fosterage can create bonds that last for
multiple mortal lifetimes, it can also be an effective
prelude to an ongoing chronicle. Perhaps the charac:
terswere fostered together for some time as fledglings,
helping each other survive and learning about their
nature and duties as Cainites before going their sepa-
rateways. Now, years ater, at thestartof the chronicle,
some event serves to bring the characters back to-
gether. They have no doubt changed somewhat since
their time together as fosterlings, but those ties may
help to make the coterie more cohesive.

Snitiation

Philippe knelt on the cold stone before the dais, keeping his
head bowed respectfully as his mistress glided from the high
throne down the steps, the edges of her cloak whispering against
the marble. Philippe heard the steely slither of a blade being
drawn, but kept his face and body impassive, bowed and waiting

"Philippe of Agincourt," she addressed him. "\Why do you
come before us?"

He looked up into her dark eyes. The faintest trace of a
smile played about her crimson lips as her fingers toyed with the
point of the razor-sharp dirk she held unsheathed before her

"[ will walk upon the Via Regalis," he said, clearly and
forcefully. With the swiftness of a snake, her dagger was at his
throat. He fele the tiny pinprick of the point pressed there and the
Beast surged up inside him. He fought down the urge to hiss and
bat the blade away, as her eyes flashed, daring him to do so
Instead, he kept his gaze locked on hers.

"The Road of Kings is not for any childe of Caine to walk,"
she said coolly. "It is a path for only a chosen few. Are you
worthy to walk where kings and princes have trod before you
Philippe of Agincourt? For if you are not, better that you should
fall upon this blade and end your existence, rather than bring
dishonor to the road."

"Lam worthy," he said

"What do you bring to the road?" she asked.

"[ bring my service," he replied, as taught. "I bring my
skills. I bring my heart, and I bring my blood. All these I pledge
to the Road of Kings. Alll these are mine to offer freely."

"What are your watchwords?"

"Honor. Duty. Loyalty. Fealty. Power
«a familiar chant for him

"Then rise, Philippe," she said, lowering the blade from his
throat. "Rise, Scion ofthe Road, and be welcome among your peers."

Initiation into the Road of Kings is rarely a simple
matter, and the Scions wouldn't have it any other way
While Cainites may choose to follow other roads simply by
declaring their intention to do so, a would-be Scion had
best have some proof of her worthiness to walk the Road of
Kings before proclaiming it her own, or else be ready to face
grave consequences.

Initiation onto the road is generally obtained through
the Scions of the domain in which the petitioner dwells,
although there have be
and wide seeking initiation when it has been refused to
them at home. Initiation into a foreign court may be even
more difficult, but it may also be the only means available
to a displaced Cainite.

" The words were

en cases of neonates traveling far

The petitioner must have a sponsor in good standing
upon the road. Often this is the neonate's sire, but not
always. The sponsor is responsible for seeing that the
aspirant is taught all the traditions of the road and the
necessary rituals for the initiation. Some sponsors handle
this themselves, while others have servants to instruct
their students for them (or sometimes a combination of
the two). Since the performance of a neonate reflects
upon the reputation of the sponsor, adherents and teach-
ers of the Road of Kings choose their protégés and
students carefully


Once the sponsor feels that the student is ready, a
petition is made to the highest-ranking Scion in the do-
main. Thisis often the prince or lord, but not always, since
some princes follow roads other than the Via Regalis. The
higher the Scion's rank, the more prestigious the petition.
Being initiated by one of the great lords of Europe is a true
honor, and asign of a favored neonate that bears watching
Most Scions make do with the local prince or baron, or one
of their functionaries.

The exact initiation ritual varies from one domain to
another, and the Scion performing the rite can largely
arrange it as desired, although certain elements are neatly
always present. The petitioner is expected to present him-
self before the Scion, and often before the gathered court,
to formally request initiation into the Road of Kings.
Challenges may be leveled to test the petitioner's worthi-
ness. These can range from simple ritualized questions and
actions, intended to show the initiate's preparedness, or
they can be more difficult. Rather than outright denying a
petition for initiation, many Scions will instead pose ex-
tremely difficult tests. If the aspirant fails and is disgraced or
destroyed, then the petition is denied. If the initiate suc-
ceeds, then he is truly worthy of the road. These sorts of tests
are more common for neonates of low birth, without
sponsors in the court's good graces

The initiate declares his intent to follow the Road of
Kings, and swears an oath to uphold its ideals. He is then
welcomed into the ranks, and may be assigned particular
duties by his liege-lord. The initiation ritual is often accom-
panied by the swearing of oaths of fealty between vassal and
liege. It may include other ritualssuch as knighting ceremo-
nies, or even the investing of titles and domain, although
such things usually happen well after a Cainite has taken
the Road of Kings as his own

Self Initiation

It is rare for a Cainite to begin walking the Road of
Kings alone, but it is known to happen. Generally this
occurs for one of two reasons. The neonate may be unaware
of the existence and teachings of the Road of Kings, but
chooses a personal code similar to it (or one of its various
paths). Or, the Cainite has been refused initiation into the
road and chooses to follow it regardless, hoping to win the
approval of her peers (or at least to win over enough allies
that it won't matter).

In either case, the would-be Scion has much to prove
in order towin the acceptance of her peers. Self-proclaimed
Scions may face disdain at court and, worse yet, can be
declared anathema for their presumption, separated from
the support of the road and even hunted by other Cainites.
They are far better advised to either avoid contact with
established courts or to move subtly without attracting too
much attention at first

Once the initiate has won some renown or achieved a
measure of personal power, then acceptance within the
road becomes more likely. Foreign Scions, for example, are
ely to be treated as peers (or at least honorable guests) if

they have domain or influence at home, regardless of how

9
a die

po SE a,

=

Be

oleh
+ROAD ©FKINGS +

(or even if) they were formally initiated. Likewise, succes
covers many failings, and young upstarts can gain statusas
Scions by winni

road's ideals, even if they are not formally initiated

Snitiates From Other Bads

Scions tend to take a surprisingly tolerant view of
apostates from other roads seeking to become initiates of
the Road of Kings. Afterall, they know that their roadis the
true path to greatness in the world, so it's hardly a surprise
when a follower of another road finally realizes it and
decides to take up the true way. Of course, that doesn'
mean that the Scions have to make it easy for apostates to

ng true to the

g victories while remainir

follow their road

An apostate who chooses the Road of Kings still has
to prove himself like any neonate seeking initiation. This
is particularly true for apostates of the Road of the Beast
and the Road of Sin, since Ferals and Sinners are notori-
ously untrustworthy, and may not be capable of the sort of
self-discipline required by the Via Regalis. Apostates are
typically tested by their sponsor and by the Scion who
initiates them to ensure that they are truly ready to take up
the road

The prime reason Cainites choose to forsake another
toad for the Road of Kings is the goal of all Scions: Power.
ions often have advantages when it comes to the political

games of court and climbing the ladder of the Cainite
hierarchy. While it is certainly possible for followers of
other roads to become nobles and even princes, itis also true
that the Road of Kings counts the most vampiric rulers
among its number. So an ambitious Cainite seeking a title
or domain may choose to take the road most likely to lead
him there. This contributes to the view of the Scions as
power-hungry social climbers.

Moments of Cruth

The true transition between sincere initiate and true
adherent of the Road of Kings comes with a moment of
truth, an experience that shows the initiate the importance
of the road and its tenets and helps to strengthen under-
standing and dedication. Alll the study in the world will not
cion. Only hard experience
ation of the Via Regalis

make an initiate into a true
can show the way to deeper appre
and its principles.

Scions tend to experience moments of truth in two
ways, through victory and through failure. Of course, not
all victories or failures are moments of truth, only the
truly significant ones that highlight some facet of the
road for the Scion

A hard-won or satisfying victory is an affirmation ofall
that the Scions believe in and hold dear, so any achieve-
ment that advances the Scion's lot in the world, gained
through personal excellence and effort, may become a
defining moment of truth. One of the reasons that Scions
so often hold power in the Dark Medieval world is because
they are driven to do so by the tenets of their road. They
hold the Beast at bay and achieve understanding of their

eI" spree enneeotreremaepeteamee name peeseet

Damned nature through their struggles to gain and hold
power, and from their contests against each other.

An achievement does not need to be one that draws
the attention of the whole of Cainite society in order to be
momentof truth (although such achievements often are)
Itis the victory's personal value to the Scion that matters
Sometimes the most important victories are the one
f sees OF at less never opprediatee:"The
ability to resist frenzy under challenging circumstances or

mos

no one else e

finally achieving knighthood after years of training and
hard work may both be moments of truth. In fact, a Scion's
nitiation onto the road often becomes a moment of truth

when it is hard-won, allowing the initiate to move imme-
diately on to bi

ome a true adherent,

The bitter taste of failure can also prove to be a
moment of truth for a Scion, albeit a more difficult medi-
cine to swallow when compared to the sweet nectar of
victory. Scions believe in learning from their failures and
mistakes, so they too can be moments of truth,
significant part of the reas
moments of truth for Scions is that the Road of Kings
demands risk if one is to achieve the excellence and power
that it promises. A Scion who does not take risks, who does
notstrive to be more than what she already is, cannot make
the leaps of insight that allow her to progress along the road.
That is why some of the most successful Scions "break the
ules" of the Road of Kings from time to time. Such daring
opens them up to the possibility of a moment of truth. For

on why failures serve as

some, itisa matter of takinga step backward in order to take
one forward; committing a sin, degenerating, and then
using the insight it grants to improve again. For the lucky
ones, breaking a rule is the path to greater understanding

and the opportunity to increase their Road rating. Scions

play with fire when it comes to improving their understand-
ing of their road

Bins on (head

The ultimate purpose of any road is to keep the Beast

atbay another night. The ideals of the roads give Cainites
x focus for their dedication and will, making them some-
thing more than just ravening beasts preying on the living.
ny their true
nature as monsters by holding on to a different identity
Shatter that mask, and the Beast shows through it. Violate
the ideals of the road, and the Beast can claim a little more
of the

There is a saying on the Road of Kings

Each road c

rs Cainites a unique way to di

npire's soul

"The only true
sin is failure.

Less concerned with religion than many

other Cainites, Scions often think of sins against their road
ess ilings, failures, or even risks,
since sometimes they can benefit by acting unconvention-
ally and breaking the rules. A sin against kingship is an
indication of a personal failing within the Scion, a lack of
spiritual fortitude and conviction. A great part of the reason
that these failings cause Scions to degenerate is because
they a Shame and embarrassment before
one's peers leads to rage, hate, and thoughts of revenge —
meat and drink to the Beast

as "sins" and more as fé

e so shameful.

2 =

eS

—

STORYTELLERS' NOTE

J: might seem that the Road of Kings is a little

too lax: The sins are fairly easy to avoid, at
least superficially, and players may well fixate on the
notion of committing sins against their characters'
road and calling ita "risk." This can easily lead toabuse
of the road's function as a way to stave off the Beast,
allowing Scions to get away with actions that not even.
Ferals can.

Remember, however, that Scions have responsibili-
ties that others do not. Their road is not the "Road of
Ruthless, Manipulative Bastards," it's the Road of Kings.
Whether or not the character truly believes in nobles:
oblige, he had better practice it, lest the Beast drag him.
down. A character who violates the road's tenets in order
to achieve a goal should still lose a point from his Road
rating, even if the achievement thus accomplished al-
lows for a moment of truth (and thus buying the Road
rating back up to its former level).

At first, Scions are often too tigid or too lax in their
observance of the tenets of the Road of Kings. Those who
are toostrict in their obedience to the letterof the road tend
tobe capable, but not particularly innovative or aggressive
They make decent servants and vassals, but will never
achieve true greatness. Those who are too lax in following
the commandments of the road tend to degenerate. They
fall into the jaws of the Beast, become apostates and seek a
new road to follow, or remain lowly and only marginally
successful Scions, doomed to forever serve and never rule,

The successful Scion walks the path of moderation,
observing the tenets of the road and respecting them, but
break the rules in

willing to take risks and occasionally

order to achieve her goals

Teachers and Mentors

Scions take the matter of educating their childer quite
criously, since their road relies on an understanding of the
nuances of Cainite culture and the feudal system. A neo-
nate Scion has much to learn, and that requires capable
teachers and mentors.

Teachers of the Road of Kings take on students as
protégés and vassals with an eye toward advancing them
through the ranks to become capable and useful servants. It
is a mentor's duty to educate and guide his student and
encourage excellence and achievement. In return, students
are expected to respect their mentors and obey their betters
while showing some initiative and ambition. Itcan prove a
delicate balanci
dents and help them to excel, but not so much that they

act: Mentors must encourage their stu-

may eventually outstrip their teachers and seek to replace
them. Students must show excellence and ambition on the
Road of Kings, but not so much that they become suspect,
or else their elders might see fit to dispose of them before
they can become a threat.

SE
Sa

+ CHAPTER TWO +

Sometimes particularly renowned Scions will take on
students other than their own childer or vassals. This
usually happens when Scions foster their fledglings, but
some teachers take on any worthy student, provided he has
the right background and potential.

Climbing the Ladder

Lord Jiirgen rested in his chair, sitting before the cold hearth,
with only a single candle shedding light in the room. The door
opened tentatively and a shadowed figure paused there, awaiting
Jiirgen's command.

"Come in," he said, not rising from his chair, "and close the
door." The vampire lord's guest moved to comply. When Jiirgen
gestured to the chair sitting opposite him, his guest sank into it
gratefully and the Swordbearer allowed a moment to look him
over as he composed himself.

Manfred had been a ghoul for many years, and he showed the
signs of it in his pallor and his manner, eager to please his domitor
and serve in whatever way Jiirgen wished. Still, Manfred had a
measure of the mettle thatmade hima fine sergeant atamms. Jitrgen
had seen him on the battlefield many times and he understood the
value of a good soldier in his service, particularly now.

"Tell me, Manfred, are you happy in my service?"

The question seemed to take Manfred aback. He'd ex-
pected a rebuke, pethaps new orders, anything but his master
inquiring after his happiness as if it mattered.

"Lam proud to serve you, my lord," he replied, choosing his
words carefully. "I am happy to have the opportunity to do so."

Jiargen held back a smile. It was a surprisingly diplomatic
answer. Manfred had clearly been paying attention

"You have served me well, Manfred, and I intend that you
will continue to have the opportunity to do so, but I have need of
aman like you for something other than simple soldiering. I need
aman capable of taking charge and carrying out my orders in the
battles to come. Are you such a man?"

Manfred swallowed visibly as his eyes lit with hope and
ambition. "I am your man, my lord."

"Yes, [believe youare," Jitrgen replied, rising from his chair
to stand at his full height. He towered over Manfred where he sat
As he leaned in toward his faithful servant, Jiirgen whispered to
hin, like a cold breath out of a tomb

"Do not fear."

The Road of Kings is a journey. At its beginning are
ignorance, inexperience, ambition, and a drive for ex-
cellence and achievement. At its end, for some few, lies
the promise of Golconda (orso the ashen priests say), but
more important for many Scions is the promise of power
achieved along the road. A Scion content to remain
where she is in the scheme of things isn't likely to
advance far along the road or in the courts of Europe.
Scions are ambitious, and seek to further their own lot,
whether through accumulating power for themselves or
through faithful service to a liege-lord, earning acco-
lades and prestige for their work

The feudal arrangement of the road is much like a
ladder for Scions to climb, moving into more powerful and
influential positions until they can reach the pinnacle

that lies near the top, becoming prince or even lord of a
vast domain. As yet, no Scion can claim regency over the
whole of the Cainite world, but more than a few followers
of the Road of Kings dream of that very possibility. They
dream of an empire of night stretching actoss the known
world, with all of the Children of Caine paying homage to
it, and to the one who rules it. The quest for such power
sparked the War of Princes and keeps the fires of conflict
burning between the Cainite lords of Europe

The Feudal Pyramid

The structure that holds both Cainite and mortal
society together is feudalism, a pyramid of oaths and shared
loyalty that ris
to the great thrones of Europe. S

es from the lowliest peasant and commoner
ions see feudalism as the

fullest flowering of their road, the ideal expression of the
tenets and ways of kings, making clear who is superior and
who is inferior, who owes loyalty to whom, and how the
world should be governed.

Generally speaking, in Cainite society Scions place
themselves at the top of the feudal structure. Even the
lowest-ranking squire or initiate on the road is more impor-
tant than any commoner from the Low Clans, much lessa

mortal of even superior rank. The majority of Scions hold
the rank of at least knight, or an equivalent place of
importanceat court. While the ranks of Cainite nobility are
not entirely made up of Scions, the Road of Kings is the
most widely represented of any among the nobility, for
obvious reasons.

Hierarchy of theBoad

The Scions speak of the "leaders" of the Via Regalis,
and indeed Justicars claim to act with the "authority of the
Road of Kings," but this is somewhat misleading. Ashen
priests of the road do indeed answer questions of faith for
Scions and in this way dictate policy in the same way the
Pope and other Church officials do for Christians. How-
ever, the ashen priests of the Road of Kings exert no real

authority over Cainites of other roads simply by virtue of
being powerful Scions.

Instead, their power comes from that fact that most
of the Cainite princes of Europe are Scions, and there
fore look to the priests of their road for advice and
spiritual guidance. This puts the priests of the Road of

Kings in the position of acting as confessors and coun-

selors to the most powerful vampires in the known

world — all of which makes the other roads very
nervous indeed
Fortunately, these priestsare not organized toany great

degree. Every region has at least one Scion who can act in
such a capacity, often also acting as Keeper to a prince (or
asa prince himself). However, whom these priests report to,
if anyone, is a mystery. Some princes and Justicars have
heard mention of a truly powerful paragon of the road who
acts as an overlord to these ashen priests, but then, each of
the priests might simply be content with the measure of

power they wield


Aherents and Cheiv Duties

The hierarchy of Cainite society holds many roles
and opportunities for ambitious vampires. Scions do

notalways occupy these positions, of course. Adherents
of other roads may fill them in certain domains, but
they are all considered worthy goals for Scions seeking
position and advancement in the world. For more
information on the duties of these functionaries, see
page 38 of Dark Ages: Vampire

* Soldier: The rank-and-file of a vampire lord's army
istypically made up of mortals, sometimes ghouls, but there

isaneed for trusted vassals to command the troops during
heit nighttime battles in the War of Princes. This task
n falls to trusted neonates and ancillae. Service as a
soldier is a dangerous business, but a fine route to recogni-
tion and promotion for those who do well on the field of
tattle. A successful soldier can look forward to a larger
command or even a knighthood.

* Squire: Scions often begin walking their road as
night or noble. As

squires in the service of a Cainite
quires, their duty is to actas servants of their master and to
Inlike
nortal squires, who are nearly always boys, Cainite squires
are typically adults and may have a score or more years
tehind them when they take on the role. Cainite squires
ince they areat leastas capable asmen,
sometimes even more so. Once a squite has served long
enough (anywhere from a year to a decade), he many go on
tobecome a knight.

* Knight: Many Scions aspire to the rank of knight,
and many achieve it within one of the orders of knighthood
(either Cainite or mortal). Nobles grant knighthood as a
reward for good and faithful service, and becominga knight

learn the arts of knighthood and courtly behavior.

mayalso be women,

isthe most common route for advancement within Cainite
society and along the Road of Kings. A knight can later rise
toeven higher positions, and perhaps become a baron or
prince, given time. Knights may even gain manors and
small domains of their own from their liege-lord. In return,
the knight swears an oath of fealty to the overlord, serves in
anoble's army, and protects the liege's domain from any
threat. Knights serve in their liege's army, often command-
ing ghoul and mortal soldiers in the field. They may also
serve as emissaries or even ambassadors from their liege's
court to the courts of other nobles.

* Sheriff: The sheriff's duty is to maintain order within
anoble's domain. Sheriffs ensure that the Traditions are
upheld and that anyone who breaks them is swiftly caught
and punished. They keep unwanted Cainites out of the
borders of their master's domain and deal with any who
violate their territory. They also act as their liege's eyes and
ears in other matters. Anything known to the sheriffs likely
tofind its way back to the prince. The role requires both a
keen mind and an iron hand tokeep order in some of the most
populous domains, where neonates have been known to get
out of control. Since they are responsible for the protection
of the domain, sheriffs are also among the first targeted by
theirlord's enemies, either to co-opt them or eliminate them
and keep them from protecting their master.

* Warmaster: Whereas a sheriff's duty is to maintain
order, a warmaster's duty is to destroy order, at least the
order of other domains, as directed by the prince. A
warmaster is the general or commander of a prince's or
noble's army and leads them in the field against all enemies
in times of war. Since the start of the War of Princes,
warmasters have become increasingly common and no
prince in these nights would be without one. When not
directly leading troops into battle, the warmaster spends
time training the prince's army, gathering tactical informa
tion, and otherwise preparing for the next conflict. Rivalries
sometimes develop between warmasters and sheriffs over
the protection of the domain against the prince's enemies
(ultimately the duty of the sheriff).

* Chamberlain: A trusted servant, the chamberlain
oversees the liege-lord's personal needs and private cham-
For Cainite nobles, the chamberlain typically
handles the care and protection of the lord's resting
place, sees to the care of any personal quarters or cham-
bers the lord might require, and procures the vessels the
noble will feed upon. He also attends visitors at the
behest of the prince. Chamberlains may be entrusted
with preparing "feasts" for visiting Cainite guests or
courts, and often have the resources to acquire the
necessary mortal vessels without arousing suspicion. A
chamberlain may also handle the duties of the seneschal
(or vice versa) in a small domain or manor.

* Seneschal: The seneschal is entrusted with the care
and maintenance of the lord's demesne, including castle,
manor, and lands. It is up to the seneschal to ensure that
supplies are maintained, servants are performing their du-
ties, and that all aspects of the domain run smoothly
Unlike mortal seneschals, Cainiteshave little concern with
crops, crafts, or other living matters. Instead, it is often the
seneschal's duty to maintain the court invisibly within an
existing mortal castle or manor, or to ensure that outsiders
do not discover the prince's domain. Entrusted with the
secrecy and safety of the demesne, and with its smooth
functioning, seneschals sometimes become the power be-
hind the throne, making this a favored position for Scions
on the Path of the Vizier (page 71)

* Keeper: The nature of the keeper's role varies
depending on the needs and desires of the lord. Keepers are
spiritual and mystical advisors. In the modern nights of
Europe, they are most often ashen priests, able to counsel
nobles on doctrine and spiritual matters, while also attend-
ing to the spiritual needs of the noble's court. Some princes
also keep soothsayers, mystics, or scholars to advise them in
times of need, It is a sign of wealth to be able to maintain
more than one keeper, although some also point to it as a
sign of indecisiveness and weakness on the part of the
prince. While keepers often follow the Road of Heaven,
they may very well be Scions (particularly Viziers), since
keeper is a noble and powerful position.

* Scourge: The role of scourge is not widely sought
after by Scions, although many of them serve in that
capacity. This is because a scourge, while feared, often does
not advance far within a prince's service. Poor scourges end
up destroyed at the hands of their prey or agents of an

bers


enemy. Skilled and capable scourges are far too valuable to
promote or lose to another position, so princes tend to keep
them where they are for as long as possible. A discontented
scourge can be a valuable ally for one of the prince's
enemies, of course, so it's not unknown for a prince to
become fearful of the scourge and order him destroyed. Still
there are some Scions who find that the role of scourge suits
them and perform it well for some time. They can become
forces to be reckoned with in their domains,

© Vassal: Although technically most Scions are
vassals, owing fealty to some liege-lord, a true and valued
vassal commands a domain of his or her own. These are
the landed knights and barons, or princes sworn to the
service of a lord or monarch. Most Scions aspire to the role
at some point, since a domain-holder has power and
resources that cannot easily be obtained through other
means. Of course, there are only so many domains to go
around, and the best domains are already claimed by older
and more experienced Cainites, so younger Scions often
have to take measures to ensure a vacancy above them
that they can move into.

Advancement

Scions seek to advance in the service of their lord,
eventually attaining power and position for themselves.
There are two means through which a Scion may advance,
either promotion in the service of another, or through a
coup or rebellion in which the Scion seizes power (and then
attempts to hold on to it).

Promotion

Initial opportunities for promotion within the service
ofa liege-lord are many for neonate Scions. Vampire lords
are always in need of more capable knights in this time of
troubles, and battlefield promotions (or even Embraces)
are not unknown, particularly when battle has thinned
the ranks ofa noble's entourage. Scion initiates who prove
their worth, either as soldiers or as servants in other
capacities, quickly find themselves rewarded and put to
work for their masters.

Further promotion, however, may come slowly for a
Scion, sometimes painfully so. In the mortal world, the
feudal pyramid continually changes due todeath and retire-
ment, requiring new people to fill the places vacated.
Cainites, on the other hand, are undying, and a Cainite
seneschal or warmaster may serve his liege-lord indefi-
nitely, until the servant chooses to retire or is removed by
some outside force. On occasion, that outside force is the
vassal's lord. More often, though, it isan enemy seeking the
vassal's position

In Cainite society, as with mortals, promotions and
accolades come from those further up the social ladder. So
a baron may grant knighthood toa worthy squire or soldier.
Likewise the baron's liege-lord may ennoble one of his
vassals, even having him replace the baron, if that is the
liege's wish. The great Cainite lords and monarchs have
tremendous power to make or break those within their

yerneaen eh are otek ceed,

+ROAD-OFKINGS -
ter en


3 SS FSS
Bes om Ste

Serene

‘ —

sdaay Ajaresaqyjap sty] "‘Tuapnas 01 soruaw pue epyTy>
0} auls Woy passed "uariZMUN st apoo sty Jo YON
"yuno9 ae |nyssavons
2q 01 Ys OYM saqTUIeD soy ananbna sadoid jo Apoq
B Ss} a1ayp UONIppe Uy "(s1ayI0 01 afqusamsue ssa] ‘esIN0D
jo ‘oue si9pjo Y8noup) sapja 01 areuoau woy ‘anuteD Aue
Jo poroadxa st 1eym jo sjenuassa azeq ayp autpino suomipes |,
DULL YOIARYaq JO sprepuers uTerI99 07 azaype saxrdurea
1DE} AYP Jo asneda9q ‘SuOIDg Jo ased aYpI Ur YO —siarsuOUL
{asmppoojq awosaq aa day yeyp 1R exp andsaq

sau ye fiy}4N0D

‘uN Jo YIBUd|
Sue 105 11 pjoy pu zamod ainoas 01 saysiam OYA WOIDg B
10} pjayapreq ayp uo ssamord wey ‘IuerOdwT ex0U I0U JI
que iodurr se asnf st 1un09 2k [JP "zayp INO padejd ooueU
lwp pue. Jamod jo sawed ay? pue 1n0d jo sanapagns
oy jo Sulpueasiapun ue st uoIsg Aue jo BurureN ay
jo ued ueodun uy "paasesqo aq asnur ey anenbra
Jo sajna pur swoasno UMO Jay FoIDeIVYD UMO Toy 2aey
suinos ardurea ‘ppom [eas0Ur ay Jo s13N09 942 241]
1ysru axp jo
spio] ay Jo aorasas aup wr Apease 10U are Aayp jt S1OOp p70]
puryoq Atasspeasou asim pur ‘sitayp st prom ay ‘Stas uns ay
29UQ ‘Aep Aq ppion aup anu oye sperzour ayp Jo saveyed pue
sjpe aures 4x94 9tp UT Uayo ‘s1no9 PeUIMIOUAIEYp Ploy pue
rystu ap aN saaTUTED ‘ppiom UMOUY ay INoysNONY |
«TOK sitDMD 14NOD AnOA,, "UETY enogn dn woe] 22u9
saud ays Supa ‘pos pws ay ,s2rsout ‘pasndaad 51 1TV,,

21 ssrj puv 21 fo pjoy 22198 02 no
payovas 2uptg pun ‘anf sty paysnig puoy por y "uffoo auors
ayn apisaq 2ou} auo 07 Taf kpymb puv ‘punos Suypsns wwf
 papay ay ‘Komp parp au0is uo u0rs fo Burdo.2s ayn sy "uado
1 Surpys ‘paysnd pun py auors ay» fo a8pa ay fo poy 400 2y

spuvy paonovad yai,yy,"2[ur Sp yYonp Sv ssouyInIq on TunpCaana
SuSund ‘op o1 por uaaq p,ay so ‘appuv sty paysmBunxa
pup snSydoows svnouund v fo oil uw paddows 2}
uons ssapafry asnf aiam Kay mau} ZupL] Inq "uty
a1 uayods pup dn avs aay 1y2nu Kap panos Kyanay> os ‘ways
dow saiBiffa yaim squuor €q passod apy «kom sry 1y8q 01 sauowau
4099 UMO SIY PUD apUDI D KJUO YM ssaD4enP pun PjO ay
onu sdaas ay) umop Kom sty Sunqout ‘auno pum amw8 ayp paysopun
3} "1824 01 pry] u2eq poY stant snomard ayy azaymr ‘Jadoy>
s apsva ayp ypvauiag sidkuo ayy ont Com sty apo ay ‘€qpoUr]
pauaypmn sisan3 asuif ayn azofaq fo
2up9 way) som Sunp Cane mys auns Sungrw ‘warspu ayp fo stupa
2425 Aayio ayy yim KJu1an09 pup Kpamb Supyvads ‘suonvendasd
J2ypo ayy 04 mvs ay way | *Staps0 say uoNsanb 10 pip Kays Inq
IDYI 01 UAVs POY LISD pun pio] sry — Pay Karp StaUOsHd ay
fo aworaq prom sym fo apajmouy ou pry Kay.p "kpves som 10
ID\p ains apouLpuv uoadunp aya wi speond ays yum ayods 2H
2g plnoys 21 sv asnf som wy pun ‘adaps
Karp apym uaddoy prom rym fo ‘eany prom ay ryp ay8tu fo
1408 ain fo vapl ou poy Kay J "uonou ayi 10 Buynus parsisa 2UDL]
1ySruqunsvayd. fo saysim Suuaffo Kpouorsvo90 ‘sipoy aya ysnoays
om sty apout ay so wiry 01 pappou apoavn qyAs spnos maf ay]
ppnads svm ryBruo 1 -1ana wry axour myStu01
ang ‘7y8tu ays w op 02 yon poy sCoayp apy "sSu108 pun sBurwoo

* ONL UELAWHD * i
SRS

-zamod 10} sjeayi Buruuns pue snowiqure Jo a9vy ayy
uy yearains panuruos stays 02 Jez osje 24,Soxp ‘peor
a1tp jo wnsind nay2 wy wenoduy ssurp asoyp awe
{quo 10N "sorMp UOMs sIOY 02 SuIDas pu suoque
nrayp Buysind udoaxtag aun] jnyore v pe suo!
-aopd srayp ayea 01 ssouryion
yp arensuouap 021 Jap1o UL 1ULAIAS [eAO]sIP 40-1UD1
-adwioout uv aAoutas 01 (passazdxa 10 y19e2) Jeaosdde
sound ays ainoas 2 s] sonaq uaag "heat auf jo
ano say] 20u0 woHsod s jean ap dn ayye1 pure presioy
dais 02 jppsiay Suruonrsod ayya rane ay uy wow
-AAfOAU! J9Y] Jo ase Butag auOAUL INOYAEN 9]2225q0
ue saaoutias UoIdg & ‘Aypeapy "2]INS pur ypyears ysnomp
[PAU s,auo areutunpa 07 Aressa20u sa7 ‘pearsuy {2Ys
auo uty 07 Suyyp aus ay Sulop woy aersdn we yons
daay o1 saeya ‘suosear ound ¥ Ye Jeyy "uonIsod
sty WHE|D UAL ‘Tau ev peaysg pue ut ypear Apduns
0] ysnoua 10U say ‘UREWOp B UT TotPoOUR Jo UoMIsod
ayp yeas 1ys1ut UoIDg snoniqure ue ‘ajdurexa 104
"yoyo ur sur daay
01 djay Me] Jo apos aruyED aya puL sBury jo peoy
dup Jo spuewap [essed pur souoY ayy ‘aAaKoy
‘qed asow ay Jog ‘auoMp ay ayer [ILA OYA 1240
saajasuiaya Suowe Buyqqenbs o1 syjey uayp ‘plo]
-offal] nplomod & smouyBDAO spesseA Jo aoULITE UE
aya Apenoiued ‘saumautos uaddey saop 1 wtp st
Yann ayy {1aypo yea dn-auo 01 yaas saziduea ay
exaq pur Suigqeas-r49eq Jo spunos ssa]pue out
Bunwiouasap ploar ureuop Aue sop soy ‘4291
ailures) UL oRysod pur samod Buraarype

ALNG SNSYFA NOLLIGAYZ

awmrysiu sry pnosys prom ssouyurp pun paqn aq prnom 220d
ayt fo aoym ay) uoog ‘suonpsndasd Suppou uvdaq pun pays
una ‘ysv3 Suypaayq v ayy Ss oyp pauywas uns Sunz0s op sy

MOQYGS) Jo 3.41109)

srodinsn aq-pjnom Aue asupese
aunoas st uonsod saya auns SuppEu ou soyp jo uNoUR
amy v puads siajna ayureg ‘oe uy "yersdn mau wos Aq
paBuayyeyp Appmb se asnf sjaszoy puyy wed woYyp 10438970092
UT JOIDTA ay? pue ‘AyIsea Woy? Jopud4ms I0U Op s9psH Bo
Jo s1apjoy ay, "y>TeUOU! 10 pro] Jo aPAN ayp Jo ‘suIEWO
uurej799 190 Aouagar Apre|No‘red "9190s aTUTED) UI SLE
asaysry ayy SuTAatype Jo suvdur AyUO ay UdYO SI siUA ‘He
01 anp Jomod soup Japuauns x0 ama 19.40 paou sauiduea
BOUIg "UMO s,2UO JO} 11 SUPFea pu uoIIsod soNOdns e
uy UOSWIOS SULMOTAAO ‘dnoo e YSNosyp Ss} IDI aTUTED
UI JUDWIURApE Jo suLdUE ParoUOY-aUI 1ayI0 By

SUONPGAGQUY sdno3

s1omoy]o} 1191p Buoue
uuor}aqaz ¥ ayoaord 01 Yysia spuo] ato "39891 PIO spas
ny oy Aq pourensuos are AueW ysnoyye ‘suteWop


the ranks of the nobility closed to social pretenders,
since they don't know the proper ways to behave and
quickly expose themselves as inferiors. The exact cus-
toms vary somewhat from one court to another
(Storytellers should modify the difficulty for Etiquette
rolls in particularly foreign or strange courts until the
characters become acclimated to their ways). There are
some standards found throughout most of Europe, which
include the following:

* Respect for the Prince: Paying proper respect to
the prince is considered paramount. Princes can (and
have) punished, even destroyed, Cainites who fail to
demonstrate the proper respectful behavior and atti-
tude. This includes foreign Cainites, who are expected
to present themselves to the prince as quickly as pos-
sible upon entering the domain and obey all the
Traditions (notably the rights of progeny and destruc-
tion). Italso includes never leaving a room without the
prince's leave, or deliberately turning one's back to the
prince (a sign of disrespect). A prince should always be
addressed by full title and name or as "my prince" or
"your highness" (or even "your majesty" in the case of
true monarchs).

* Respect for Elders: Respect also extends to a
Cainite's elders and superiors at court. Neonates are
expected to defer to ancillae, ancillae to elders, and so
forth. Those of a lower rank should defer to those above
them. Technically rank supersedes age, but an elder
vampire should be accorded respect regardless, even if
nota part of the court hierarchy. The older the vampire,
the more important to maintain a respectful attitude.
Particularly powerful Cainites are treated as peers of the
prince (although they do not supersede the prince in his
own domain, regardless of age).

* Discretion: Courtly Cainites are expected to be
discreet when it comes to certain matters. Unless there is
a "feast" in progress where vitae is provided for all present,
a Cainite should not feed openly, but in private, where
there is no risk of provoking others to frenzy (or of others
seeing the feeder frenzy, ifit should happen). Weapons are
only carried openly in court with the prince's permission,
and only the most trusted are allowed to carry weapons at
all in the prince's presence. Private matters are best kept
private, unless there isa pressing reason to talk about them
before the court

* Polite Speech: Cainites who spend a great deal of
time at court are often given to flowery and delicate
speech. Inferiors wait for their superiors to address them
before speaking, and are expected to be polite but to the
point. Long-winded speeches are more common among
the nobility. The proper use of titles is important, since
failing to use them can be considered an insult. Princes are
addressed as "my prince" or "your highness." Barons are
"my lord" (sometimes "your grace"). Knights are addressed
as "sir." Lords are called "my lord" or "highness" and
monarchs are properly addressed as "your majesty," al-
though some take on unique titles of their own. (More
information on courtly titles can be found in the Dark
Ages Storytellers Companion.)

OE WE
ae —
F Lf

=a:
A HE

Midnight Festivals

Scions are among the most social of Cainites. Afterall
what is a lord without vassals to rule over? Cainite courts
tend tobe somberand silent affairs compared to their often-
raucous mortal counterparts, but Scions are known to

sponsor and attend various tournamentsand festivals. These
midnight gatherings serve both to showcase the talents and
achievements of the nobility and offer them the chance to
meet, strike alliances, hatch plots, and otherwise advance
their own causes. They are cause for terror for mortals, and
any kine thatstumble acrossaCainite gatheringare doomed
to death, servitude, or (occasionally) the Embrace.

Like their courts, Cainite festivals often happen under
the guise of mortal gatherings and celebrations. When the
kine have retired for the night, the vampires emerge and
take over their tents, pavilions, and fields and use them for
their own sport. Things like tournaments and county faits
afford excellent opportunities for vampires to both congre-
gate and hunt. Few people are likely to notice yet another
cart laden with boxes trundling into town, and there are
always strangers in such places not likely to be missed. If
anyone happens to hear the sounds of clashing weapons and
celebration late into the night, he is wise to stay inside and
pay them no heed.

On other occasions, Cainite lords and princes ordain
festivals and tournaments of their own. Set up in some out
of the way place and happening entirely at night — often
without campfires, torches, or lanterns — these festivals are
rarely noticed by mortals. Still they tend to remain close to
civilization, since there is always a risk of Lupines ot other
creaturesattacking. But even these may only provide Cainite
knights and champions with opportunities to prove their
mettle against worthy foes.

Attheir festivals, vampires engage in many of thé
activities as mortals. Merchants, both Cainites and mortals
in their service, offer their goods and crafts for sale. Sooth-
sayers and fortune-tellers (typically Malkavian or Ravnos)
read cards or bones, offering cryptic advice and words of
wisdom. There may be musicians and performers (often
entranced or loyal mortal servants), and perhaps even
"feeding pens" of kine for guests, if the patron of the festival
is feeling particularly generous.

There are also many games and contests for Cainitesto
test their skills: Jousts, archery competitions, and so forth.

me

More decadent and wealthy lords may sponsor other enter-
tainment, including battles between champions (willing or
unwilling, mortal or Cainite), perhapsagainst wild or ghoul
beasts. "Wild hunts" with human prey are also a popular
sport. Winners of such games may gain a noble's favor,
perhaps even sponsorship on the Road of Kings or other
accolades. Itisalso common foraffairs of honor to be settled
between Cainite knights drawa

on these occasions. Duel
great deal of attention.

A midnight festival can be the social event ofan entire
year (or more) for a domain. It makes an excellent story
hook, since there is always so much going on even at fairly
small regional festivals, to say nothing of the more elaborate


ones thrown by powerful lords. A coterie should have no
dificulty find

Clans on theMad

Although some prefer not to acknowledge it, Cainites
fromall 13 clans walk the Road of Ki Though separated
by their diverse bloodlines, Scions are united by their

ng things to do at a midnight festival

common goals of excellence, kingship, and guidance for
their fellow vampires. Different clans view the Road of

TRIALBY COMBAT
6 1 by combat is an accepted and time-honored

hvay of settling matters between Cainites, as itis
between mortals. Such atrial must be countenanced by the
local prince or noble, and witnessed. Ashen priests often
helpofficiatesuch trials. Thechallengertraditionally throws
downa gauntlet before the challenged asa sign of the duel.
Ifthe challenged Cainite picks it up, then the trial is set,
pically ater the next sunset.

The participants are permitted to wear full armor
and usually fight with swords (although other melee
weapons are permissible). When both participants are
knights, the contest often takes the form of a joust,

ginning on horseback with lances and then moving
fighting on foot when one participant is unhorsed
(it's considered dishonorable to fight from horsebac
inst an opponent on foot in these contests). The use
of Disciplines is generally permitted, although the
prince may place restrictions on them, if he so desires.

The combat lasts until one of the combatants
cither yields oris killed (or sent into torpor). In many
cases, only the death of one of the combatants will
settle the matter, although an honorable opponent
usually accepts a foe's surrender. It is not uncommon
for Cainites to frenzy in' the midst of a trial by
combat, although doing so is considered a shameful
lack of self-control among Scions (that is, cause for
a degeneration roll).

The winner of the trial by combat also wins the
dispute between the combatants. So if one Scion accuses
another of a crime, then defeats the accused in a trial by
combat, the matter is settled and the accused is,

«suallya moot point by then, though, s
probably also destroyed.

Often the coup de grace in a trial by combat
comes not in the form of sword stroke but the Ama
ranth, asthe victor feeds upon the vanquished. This is
one of the only occasions where diablerie is practiced
openly on the Road of Kings, if a younger Scion
challenges and feeds upon an elder. Some ambitious
Scions use such challenges as a means to advance,
although challenging an elder is no small matter.
Princes often dismiss spurious challenges, and even if
they do not, the challenger must still win against an
older and more powerful opponent.

No

ae

ags in different ways, with Scions prone to particular
paths, interpretations of tradition, and ways of pursuing
their goals

The High Clans

The High Clans — the nobility of the night — are
natural adherents of the Road of Kings. Scions from
these clans are the most common, and most consider it
their right to walk the Via Regalis, although notall doso
for the same reasons

Brujah

There are two uses to which power can be put: Creation
and destruction. Destruction is simple. It takes little effort to
raise a mob, or even an army, to send them off to their deaths
fora cause they may not truly understand, It takes little skill o
raze a town or even a palace, to destraV acommunity or a
civilization. The erue challlefige of pdwdenis creation. Can you
build something nédy atop the ashes of he, ald? Can you make
it better and stronger thanhit Wits befaFet-Can you keep it safe
from all harm, Strengthenat when iteweakers#and cut out
whatever threatens-ie?Thettsaind (rily then}-yOwmay have
what it takes torbera king

Some would-thinkythe éalitariantBrujah ill-suited
to the Road of Kirigsl butyhey)forgetthat the Brujah

ave beemwand remainvgreat leadersathong the Children
of CainenThe) simply choose to exeftise a different sort
of leadership than most.vampire®arelused to. Brujah on
the Roadiof Kings comeertithemselvessvith the duties
and résoristhilitiey of kingship wbmuch a8 the accumu-
lation ofpowerand dominidrt-te.ig rheduty of aleader
to show Subjects the way, 20 serve Asran txampleand a
guiding elderwhile/encouraging thew fledglingst0\test
their ows wings*Acleast, so say the Brijab thinkeis and
philosophers.

Tn tfith, while many Brujah Scionsaspireothe tole
of avise and benevolent leader, most-are forced bythe
reébllitied of leadership.to compromige'their jledls, a¢ least
ehouigh to ensure that they-Femain/in power. While they
maf liken.themselvesyed atteientand legendary philoso-
pher Kings, the Brujafvcan\also be blind somérimes to the
petty and base nature of humanity. The Brujah are also
faced with, controlling theit legendary tempers, if they
wish to be successful Scions. Their tendency towards
frenzy can destroy all thar the Brujah have-built\in an
instant of weakness, Brujah Scions work torcreate) strong
stavgsithreré security and prosperity difet places forsart and
leatning t6 flourish. Although they ate not epeiclose to
recréatungrthe glories of lost Carthage) their dedication to
that(goal dvestnar waver.

Some Brujah Seid? folldw, the PAehof the Vizier,
becoming-advisors t mortal rulersin, an effort to guide
them toward, tight-thinking aad=prodactive ways. Of
course, forevery Zealot Scion trying tocbdild up a king-
dom, anotheMBrujah rebel tries to teatit'down so that
something new can be built in its place. So the cycle of
destruction and creation goes ever around and around
with the Brujah and their dreams.

Ser ey,

+ CHAPTER TWO +


Cappadocians

You would know of the Road of Kings? Come here then, for
I have spoken with kings and queens who ruled'lands that have
longsince tumed to dust. [have walked through their royal burial
chambers and seen the treasures they left behind them. How
many kings have ruled:these-lands? How many.more will rule
them in the generations to come? The secret of the Road of Kings
is that powers fleeting in thé mortal world, butin our world, in
a world beyond death powerlike us, can-be evemnal

The scholarly CappadocianSaré hovgiven to the
pursuit of power. Knowledge and insight are what they
crave above all else» Still; some members of the clan
find their way onto the Road-of Kingsand find mean-
ing there.

The Cappadocitin view 6f kingship foeiises'more on
the nighttime World of the Damned, rather than the
fleeting and brief existence of mortals. They know that all
things die, including kingdoms and nations, so there
seems little point to seeking temporal power. It will only
be gone in aimatter of generations. Power should not be
acquired forits own sake, but for the opportunities power
grants, Therefore, the Cappadocians are most often drawn
to the Pathvof the Vizier, becoming-advisors to other
Cainite Seion'-in exchange for their patronage. Princes
often sponsOmreseatch and scholarly enclaves for their
Cappadocian advisors.

Lasombra

Cone closer, child. There's nothing to fear, now. If you
would know about the Road of Kings, itis best to learn from the
source, after all. Oh, the Ventrue think¢hey are the embodiment
of kingship when all theyyreally do isape mortal ways and call it
tradition. We understand about true rule; the kind thaerequires
no crown, no throne, bue wields greater powerthan any mortal
monarch knows,)In truth, ibis power ehae matters, not dppedt-
ances or titles‘or ceremonies.-The,key to power is the ability to
rulefrom the shadotus rather than standingiin the light, since we
know well how much-the light can burn

The Lasombraare one of the most influential clans on
the Road of Kings (the other beingtheir rivals, the Ventrue).
The Magisters embody the ideals of striving for personal
greatness and power, but they disdain many of the outward
trappings of the Via Regalis that the Ventrue and others
lovesomuch. To them itis the powerand greatiess that are
important; novthe ceremonies and titles, although there is

k of either in the Lasombra's ranks

Since they prefer to be the power behind the throne
rather than the power on it, LasombraScions often follow
the Path of the Vizier' They are strongly associated with the
Church as well Ecclesiastical Lasombra.ate split between
the Road of Heaven and.the RoadofKings, the former true
believers in.the faith (orat leasesomeform of it). The latter
see the Chutch-as merely another) path to,power and
influence, and there is arguably Ho greater single power in
Europe. Unfortunately for the Lasombra, they are by no
means alone in the ranks of ‘the Church, and infighting
between Scions and Faithful among the clan limits their
influence over Christendom.

Toreador

Beautiful, is it not? My sire had it commissioned not long
after my Embrace and presented it to me when I first took my
oaths as a Crusader and vowed to visit the Holy Land. It has
served me well in all the many years since then. You could find
no finer blade in the world. See the scrollwork by the hilt, and the
setting of the stone in the pommel? Tes truly a work of art, bt
more important than its beauty is what it represents"+-+ honor,
duty, sactifice, glory I recall all hese\things every' time | lok
upon it, every tinie, my fingers caress Hts hile-May awesay the
same ahout your own blade one night, my childe

‘The Toreador understand duty and responsibility quite
well: The very core of the clan's ideal is the preservation
protection; and nurturing of beauty-and art. Some Tores-
dors find-the best way to do so is through the power given
to aprinee or noble to bea patron of the arts; Theres also
much tobe Said for the artistry of a brilliant political game
well played and the pleasures that conte with power and
position in\Cainite society. All these things-draw the
Artisans to the Road of Kings, seeking the power'to make
their dréaniéa reality and to preserve what thay Valle most
in the world, Unfortunately, some Toreador Scions see
their dreams'turn.to, dust before them, and-find that theit
enemies strike-at them, where they are-most. vulnerable,
through their treasures/and their art-The'anger of these
wounded Artisans is terrible tobehold.

The Road of Kings has tiever been $0 attractive to the
Toreador than since the start'of the Age of Chivalry in
Europe. Many Toreadorneonateshave joined with knight)
orders and embrace the Path of Chivalry, with various
Toreador princes and nobles creating and patronizing those
orders to cultivate noble and knightly qualities among theit
vassals, The Toreador knight-errant has become a common
sight in the courts of Europe, particularly in France where
the clan holds so much influence.

Trimise

So, you would claim the rightofa/king, would you? What
do you know of the rights-of kings? When. you have dwvelled in
these mountains for @/thousand years, watched the mortal
uillages in the valleys Sprnigup ike mushrooms, carefull tended
and pruned yosa garden, when you ard the land ate of one body
and one blood, then you met) begin to imderstand the rue right
of kings. Unfortunately, You will not hae those opportunites

The Finds understand the exercise, of power like few
other Cainites, having-so long tuled:their-voivodates in the
distant lands ‘theycall, their own They \consider the
Lasombra, the Ventrue, and Scions of other clans pretend-
ers to nobility at best, like children playing atthe game of
kings and princes, but power is no game to, the, Tzimisce.

The pursuit of personal achievement espoused by the
Via Regalis echoes the truths of the \Tzimiscé Road of
Metamorphosis, and this has influenced the Fiends' view of
kingship, They are far less concerned, with duties and
obligations — one ensures the safety and secutity of one's
own dortain and the rest sno one else's business. Forthem,
the Road of Kings is about attaining and keeping personal
power and control: Controt overthe Beast, control over the


oly, control over one's subjects and one's inferiors, and
showing proper deference and respect for one's betters (few
though they may be).

Ventre

Know, my childe, that the noblest of blood flows in your
twins, not just the blood of your mortal line, but the blood of
Caine, down through the ages to me, your sire. Our blood makes
usdestined for greatness in this world. I saw such potential in you
ken | chose you, and now Ihave givenyou the gift as it was
guentome. We carry the blood of kings, you and I, and I expect
reat things Of you, great things indeed .

No ¢lan embodies the ideals (and failings) of the Via
Regilis more than-the clan of king', and princes, the
Ventrué. Throaghout history, the Ventttie have been asso-
datéd with the Road of Kings, and it withthem, despite the
West efforts of some other clans (such ag the Lasomibra) to
wrest control away from them. The road began with the
Ventrae in the final nights of the Roman Empire and waxed
with them into the Long Night of Europé, and now:guides
thenyin'the War of Princes.
ee themselvésas mentors and guides for
atliee Stions. As such, ibis their Patrician duty t6 provide
fitexamples of the road andhits waysItisalso their duty to
their clan: xo-remind others of their place inthe scheme of
thingssometimes. While they respect Scions of other clans,
the thought that these others may prove the equals of the
Scions of Clan Ventrue scarcely crosses their minds.

The Low Clans

Cainites of the Low Clans also walk the Road of Kings,
although they are few by comparison to High Clan Scions.
Childer of the Low Clans face many challenges in attaining
and following the Via Regalis, not the least of which is the
prejudice and disdain of their high clan brethren. Still, the
Road of Kings is about overcoming all such obstacles, and
the Low Clan Cainites who do so become true exemplars of
their road

‘The Ventru

iS

Assamite

The Franj would be sieprised by manyyof out ways, I think
To them we are Saracen-assassins, slinking int the shadows,
shying in exchange for blood They see aftly what they wish to
see, amere shadow of over rue nature. That is because the ways
of the Banw Hagint are-not for outsiders, but only those. of the
awe blood of over Founder, It is nor We who ate uncivilized. We
have the guidance of Hagisn to/show us-the way

More Assamites (ollow the Road of Kings than  thost
furoyean Cainites suspect (or would admit to): Two pat-
ticular paths appeal to the Saracens, The first is the Tatiq
el-Harb, what they call, "the-Road "of \War," which is
described in Veil of Night-It is apathof the Road of Kings
somewhat like the European Path of Chivalry, although
embracing Muslim warrior ideals~Assamnite warriors ate its
ost common adherents, Unlike the Path of Chivalry, the
Tariq el-Harb does not embrace the virtue of Conscience,
tut Conviction, like the Road of Kings.

The other common Assamite path is the Path of the
Vizier (page 71), followed by many of the vizier caste of the
clan as the embodiment of Haqim's teachings regarding the
accumulation of powerand control. Some Assamite princes
choose to follow the Road of Kings much as it is known in
Europe, since they rule openly, but the virtues of subtlety
are so respected among the Assamites that even these
princes often follow the Path of the Vizier

Followers of Set

The Road of Kings is open to the Children of Set, because
swe understand there is only one, true king and he shall rule over
all the Earth when his time is come. He-tillineed capable vassals
to govern infty name 50 Ge prepare for'when the-ime is right,
Other presenders tn the thre will come to Serve: the Dark Lord
as we dothanks to oer sictle pacionssand cunning words on else
they gill be-toppled and réplaced.

Setites'do walk the Road of Kinds/to be gure though
theirputpose differs from that of other Séions. The Followers
of Sev Know that their god and siré-will return on nigh to
clainhisdlominion over the Earth, shi servantsrpetely rule
and séek power in His nama, prepating for that timté. The
valuesand teachingsof the réadlarépsefil co Setite rulersand
princes in maintaining their domains in distant lands.

In Europe, Setites are less likely to follow the Road of
Kings itself and more likely-to) chodse one of its paths,
allowing them to seek power behind the scenes. The Path
of the Vizier is quite commédn. The sly Setite advisor to
court is someone Cainites with any sense know to avoid (or
at least stay on good terms with), Some Setite viziers even
conceal their presentce entirely appearing in secret only to
those they counsel.

The Path,of.che Merchanté another to which the
Setites- have taken with va"will:: While the-High=Clans
disdain-suich-gross-mereantilism, the Followets-of Set are
drawn to it naturally. The wealth and infltence they gather
helps to further strengthen their position in Cainite soci-
ety. Setite merchants are well known for their ability to get
anything a customer may desire... for a price.

Gangrel

So your king has sent yols to parléy with me, has he? Then
let me tell you something of Rings, lieele'one, something you can
carry back to yourlord and maseér/A King who must hide behind
courtiers and armored knights; who'catmot lead his men onto the
field oy battle, or hold a sword, or meet with a peer fate-ta face
is no'king'at all but a coward..The right of a chief is not;won by
accident of birth or Bldodline eis achievedsby deeds nd held by
thems well If your liege would parley wich me, thentll-him to
come himself, Phe daes

Ivsthe Fare Gangrel that follows the Road'of Kings; but
they dre among the proud téaders'and/cHieftains of sheir
clan, Gangrel Séions are often associated with tribes or
bandsof batbarians in the leastcivilizedplaces in the world,
far from the political games-of other Cainités.In their
domaifi, honor and'courage are importantyhot subtlety or
courtly mannets: kike thé rest of their claft, Gangrel Scions
are blundand straightforward:

i nb ae
* CHAPTER TWO - caer iw Ses te
a 2


Gangrel on the Road of Kings sometimes have diffi-
culty restraining their bestial natures. They give rein to the
Beast in battle, showing tremendous savagery to their
enemies, while keeping it under control off the field so they
can temper their rule with wisdom and sound judgment
They take oaths and matters of honor very seriously. Oath-
ers are likely to slake the Scion's thirst with their
blood, if the Gangrel even deigns to drink from such a
creature. Otherwise they're simply left for the crows to feast
upon, or exiled to a slow death in the wilderness (often at
the fangs and claws of Lupines)

Malkavian

Oh yes, my lord, Your greatness iswritten in the stars and
whispered on the wind to me,"Itis plain for all to see and yet they
do not acknowledge it;-and'they call the a fool, eh? But no
matter, you understand alittle af-yjouy destiny, and I under-
stand that you must knotw tore). am willing to instruct and
guide you, if you will accept riy:guidance and provide for my
needs. I can tell you things youcan'hardly imagine, unless, of
course, you would prefer not to know. Think carefully before
answering, my lord. My gift'isnt for all, but only a special
few. Are you one of them?

The Malkavians,rarely/tise to the rank of prince, or
any role other than court.jester in the eyes of many
Cainites, but there arécertainly Malkavians on the Road
of Kings, and the power they wield is considerable. Since
time immemorial, vampire. lords and princes have had
Malkavian advisors and séets because they recogni

insight in their madness. Of course, they try not to
become too reliant on these advisors, but they cannot
deny a kind of lure to the strange wisd
Malkavians. Some princes have fallen under the sw

m of the

kavian soothsayer or counselor, eventually going
themselves, all while their advisor act
behind the throne, ruling the domain in their name
Those who think the Malkavians have no aspirations to
power are sadly mistaken.

Malkavian Scions most often follow the Path of the
preferring to remain on thesidelines, although the

s the power

Vii
has been an increasing number of Malkavian Scion
openly since the War of Princes, and evi

ian paladins following the Path of Chivalry. Some

ing pow
Malk
Scions try to see a method in the Malkavians' madness,
while others know that such efforts are futile and poten-

tially dangerous to one's own sanity

Nosferatu

Welcome, childe, tomy court. Itisnotas pretty a
are used to, I'm sure, but it is mine nonetheless. My
here, and you should consider that before you do any

foolish. It would be a shame to see such handsome features

marred, now wouldn't it? Good. Now tell me why you ha

petitioned an audience with me. If your request pleases n
much as your manners, you may yet leave here with what you
came for, and with that pretty face intact

No clan is lower than the Lepers, despised and kept
out of sight of others. So it is little surprise that few


Nosferatu follow the Road of Kings. Still, even some
among these lowest of the low haye ambitions and plans
of their own. The Nosferatu long ago learned how to
secure power for themselves-and their clan through gath-
ering and trading secrets and lore, and some Lepers find
that power very pleasing:

The Path of the Vizier suits most Nosferatu Scions
yell ndeed, they embody the ideal of the unsee
ing strings behind the scenes. Oftentimes even the
other Cainites of a noble's court won't*know of the
existence of their liege's secret counselor, who whispers

en advisor

knowledge gathered throughout the domain, some true
and some not, carefully woven to ensure that things go as
the vizier-wishes them>to. The Scion's enemies suffer
unfortunate "accidents" or simply vanish altogether into
the catacombs or dark, hidden places of thedomain. How
many domains-in Europe are-actually ruled from below?
None can truly say, arid few would be willing to venture a
guess, lest it be overheard:

Rronos

Oh, aye, Fam a kinggindeeda king without a kingdom,
for was foully deposéd from my rightful domain by my most
tmusted counselors, who conspired against me because they
feared my righteous rile, I was barely able to escape thanks to
he efforts of a few loyal servants, who sacrificed themselves
that might flee ahead of the assassins. AT could take with me
were a few trinkets, precious'seals of my kingship passed down
to sell thenyin order to raise

through the ages. Now Tamm force
the forces I will need to vetake my domaint. Bue rest assured,

even though it may take-ahundred yedrs,/1 will succeed! So
althoughtit pains me, I mustask. What yor would pay for these
small tokens of kingship?

The only clan with virtually no Scions among its
ranks. the Ravnos, who find the yery idea of kingship
asit isdefined by the Via Regalis laughable.(and they'll
be glad to tell you so). The responsibilities and 'Wities
that come with being a'Scion are as repellent as sun-
light the Charlatans, who value their freedom above all
jo not want to be tied down to a domain or

else, and d
bound by saths,

Naturally, the Ravnos aréa thomiin the side ofany true
Scion who must deal with them, simply, because of their
disregard for all that the Road -of Kings and its adherents
stand for. Ravnos make'oaths and then break them at the
drop of a hat. They lie, cheat, and steal with no regard for
the law. In short, they do whatever they can get away with,
forcing the Scions to ensure that justice is done, assuming
they can catch the culprit in the first place.

Aremere

Knowledge is the key that unlocks power and power is the
ulimate goal of knowledge, or else that knowledge is useless.
There are those too timid to turn the key in the lock, to throw
open the door, and to claim what lies beyond it for themselves.
They remain forever locked in the tiny chamber of their
ence, never knowing what could have been theirs. I is the
ones with the knowledge to find the key and the will to use it that

7S aN a fae oe "

understand power and its benefits. That power is ours now,
and we are not afraid to wield it

Power is the watehword of the-Usurpers. It was for
power that theyseized vampiric unlifefor themselves, It was
for power that they)didblerized-Sauilot \and ‘created the
Gargoyles toserve them>The Tremeté-desire forpower and
control drew them to the Road of Kings soon' enough, once
they began to understand more of thei Cainite nature. It
now,remainst6 be seen if the Usurpers car hold on to the
power that they have seized,

Tremere Scionsembody the ambition ofthe ViaRegalis,
thetunguenchable thirst for power. The Path of the Tyrant
galls to some of them, although the Tremere donot as yet
have the influence in Cainite society to stretch theirpower
as far.as they would like'it to'go. Some Tremere find the
subtle Path of the Viaitr better suited to worming their way
into the courts of Europe's valuable advisorsin the War of
Princes, particularly for those who-fear/Assamite and
Trimisce sorcery: Once they aren' pldce the Tremere are
difficult to dislodge, and-chey-quickly extend and secure
their influence. Any-pringe who makes the-mistake of
trustinga Tremere advisor toofar is likely to become a ruler
in name only.

Factions and Paths

Although the Scions of the Road of Kings do their
level best to present a united front to the rest of the
Dark Medieval world, the truth is that the road (and
its followers) are as fractious and divided as any other
part of Cainite society. The Road of Kings is about
achieving power, and ultimately only some Scions can
attain the power they seek. Some do so through par-
ticular factions or sects of the road, while others
follow a more orthodox way, sometimes directing the
wrath of their fellow nobles against the young upstarts
and their new ways, other times creating new factions

to serve their own ends

Baths Along the%ad

Along each road, adherents disagree about the tenets
and ideals of the road, much like religious schisms among
mortals. Like those religious debates, conflicts over the
orthodoxy of a road may lead to the creation of different
sects, what Cainites call "paths" of the road. The various
paths share many of the same ideas as the orthodox version
of the road, but emphasize particular qualities or virtues
they believe will lead them to understanding and allow
them to keep the Beast at bay.

The paths of the Road of Kings tend to be more unified
than most. On some roads the different paths may struggle
against each other, but for the most part the various paths
of the Road of Kings cooperate because they all recognize
the importance of authority, fealty, and duty. Therefore it
can be difficult to determine exactly which path (if any) a
particular Scion follows, since he is not likely to proclaim
it as clearly as others do. The followers of the Path of

nO cant

+ CHAPTERTWO +


Chivalry are the most obvious, but even they tend to blend
in among the orthodox Scions who also embrace chivalric
ideals and the trappings of knighthood

For more information about the Paths of the Road of
Kings, see Chapter Three

The Path of Chivalry

Scions following the Path of Chivalry (known as
Paladins), embrace the ideals of knighthood, so much so
that they have put aside the ambition so common to
Scions and devoted themselves wholeheartedly to cham-
Paladins believe itis their
duty to serve above all else, whether their liege-lord, the

pioning the weak and helple

cause of justice, or the needs of their people (both mortal
and Cainite), Paladins are not loath to accept power or
authority rightly earned, nor are they as likely to abuse it
as others are. They see it as their duty to uphold the rule
ofjust and honorable princes but to bring down those who
dishonor the Road of Kings. Of course, as in conflicts
between mortal knights, the definitions of honorable and
dishonorable often depend on the Paladin's own alle-
giances and oaths.

Other Scions tend to see Paladins as well meaning and
honorable toa fault, ifsomewhat naive. Paladinsare valued
vassals simply because they are less ambitious than other
Scions and are extremely loyal, provided their liege does
nothing they consider cause enough to turn against him.
The more cynical followers of the Road of Kings see
Paladins as potential dupes they can manipulate, but they
are often mistaken, and need to be taught a painful lesson
by these noble knights.

The Path of the Merchant

Power comes in many forms, and while land and
Dark
Medieval world, they are by no means the only one. The
followers of the Path of the Merchant have discovered
another source of power: Wealth. Rather than the wars of
kings and princes, Merchants concern themselves with
trade and business. Their battlefield is the marketplace,
their fortress the counting house, their domain the ware-
houses and caravans of the world. Merchants see their way
er than the typical Scion who seeks to rule a domain
ina world already crowded with would-be Cainite princes.

vassals are the most common source of power in the

as W

Instead, they create new domains, mercantile empires,
and rule them

Merchants often come from the Low Clans, since
Scions of the High Clans scoff at the idea of grubbing
for money. They barely acknowledge the Merchants as
Scions, much less as peers, although they recognize that
the goods they sell and trade help keep the mortal herd
prosperousand healthy. Sometimes the Merchants even
t to Cainite nobles.

manage to find things of inter
After all, one must acquire rare silks, gems, and other
fineries from somewhere. The Merchants always seem
happy to provide, and all they ever ask is a fair price,
and perhaps some consideration in the future, when
they might need a favor.

wes

__ ROAD: OF KINGS :

The Bath of the Tyrant

The quest for poweris at the heart of the Road of Kings,
and none seek power more visibly than the adherents of the
Path of the Tyrant. To them all honor, rituals, codes, and
traditions of the Road of Kings are merely tools, techniques
one can use to attain and hold power. Honor is unimpor-
tant; being seen as honorable is what is useful. Whatever
allows a tyrant to achieve his goal, that is what he will do,
and he will allow nothing to get in his way.

Of course, even Tyrants recognize the importance of
the feudal network of obligations and oaths of fealty. Ifthey
ist, no ruler could effectively govern beyond the

ing

did not e

reach of his own powers. Again, they are useful in ac
aTyrant's goals, so they must be upheld. Those who defy the
law in a Tyrant's eyes must be severely punished as an
example to others.

Tomost Scions, Tyrants are somewhat crude and grasp
ing, although there is no small amount of admiration fora
Tyrant who issuccessful. Paladins consider Tyrants the worst
examples of the Road of Kings, while Tyrants consider
Paladins romantic foolsand potential pawns in theirschemes
All Scions know to handle Tyrants carefully, particularly
those whohave achieved a measure of power, since challeng-
Tyrant isa sure way to provoke a conflict that can only
end with one side or the other destroyed.

The Path of the Vigier

While Scions have a reputation for grandstanding,
some understand and practice great subtlety. Adherents of
the Path of the Vizier see knowledge not wealth or
military prowess — as the key to true power. Viziers are
scholars by nature, but not asceties who would prefer to sit.
in their ivory towers to read and debate philosophy. They
put their knowledge to work for them in the Cainite courts
of Europe, shaping the future to suit their ends.

Many vampire princes and nobles have Vizier advisors,
counselors, and aides in their courts, and rely on theit
wisdom and knowledge. This is just as the Viziers wish it,
since it gives them influence. More than a few noble courts

ing

are ruled from behind the scenes by the prince's Vizier. This
makes the path useful to Cainites of the Low Clans, who
cannot easily achieve such power openly and prefer to work
clandestinely.

Other Scions therefore see Viziers as useful and impor-
tant allies, although a wise prince never trusts a Vizier too
much. More martial Scions often scoff at the scholarly
manner of the Viziers, but those who underestimate or
dismiss them often come to regret it

Knightly Orders

Over the past few centuries, orders of knighthood have
come to increasing prominence on the Road of Kings, as
Scions embraced the ideals of chivalry. Cainite lords and
princes sponsored various knightly orders of their own
while Scions also chose to join (or remain with, in some
cases) mortal orders of knighthood. Cainite knights who
must pass as mortals usually claim to have sworn an oath not

Ps

Doe rem, ans =

ae,

‘g]durexa s0¥ "spa9u alatp sins 2eyp aNd ¥ a1eaID 01 JapIo Ul
ao1a penrour Aue [seu Jo "uIstpeUoNeU ‘10Az95 snoISI[a1 SUL
-yjojdxa inoge stupenb m9} aAvy sUOIDg "speo8 s,rapUNo} ax
ysiduiosse Aayp se Su] os saNeUI Ajfear 2,uOp Sieur pue
sj91]9q $a]n9 aq] "Sino Jo Maa UeHETT]TIN Bayer SUOIIg

"aq Aus asodind payeas sajn ayp s9o1ya ‘papaau se
uodn [v9 wee Aoup siuaias pure spessea suOIDg atp ButA!B UO
sn90} 03 puaa sBuTy Jo poy ay2 Jo [NC stead ayp 19A0 [AO]
woyp daay o pur (amurEd pur je1s0UL YI0q) sIaMOTJOy JByIwWS
01 sino Jo ash axeu uayo suoIag ‘samUED |]e 24]

$]"D

-Ago190s amTUIED Jo syueT 19ysTY ayp ur asne>
alatp aouvape or sueID) M07] aU WO suOIDg 10} AAUNOddo
ue squasaidaz Aalance ofuRsIayy "UN 02 DUI WO [yosN.
are Aayp ieyp awe oF aavy Ady YSnowpye "Woy Yreou
-aq sileye yons Supepisuod ‘ussyre1q apULDIOW JaYyI UO
uMmop 400] suOIDg OY ,O8IED,, se sUBALTED TULYDIOW YALA
[pawn 0 saridurea 1920 10} sueaus & SuIpraoid pur ‘asym
-Aue isowpe UOHeWOJU! puL spood puss o2 asn Ue? AoyI
squearas Jo ylomau ev Snead ‘edosng anoysnomp v2U9
-ngul sap puarxe 02 ungaq aavy siueyaiew aTuteD

"yimor8 qwuanbe

qns
su pue queypioyy aya Jo Yreg ay jo aouereadde a
Aq paouaplaa st sip "diysueunjuraq pur asenbuos ueq
‘OTJOF 02 WIDY JO aINOF JOIIAq B a2zaUWOD PUR YaIM
punoj aay suoIOg oUIOg "sI]eBaY BIA ay Jo per UT xD0Is
24) s} 2|QuANYUT pu ‘4291908 yeLNOU! U} asUANyUT aaey [Ns
Jo} asup ‘spuR] pue sapI!a SuPA>e] YSnoypyy "siouowto>
o-]]om soy2O pure ‘uoUIsyeId ‘sTUeYDIaUE UL asozaIUy BUY
Svaz5UT Ue U9yeI 2AvY SBUIY Jo PEOY ay Jo sIaMOTIOI

SHNOG JUYGIADZ QUY SgzINg

qystUY] UdYsy ay_Z YNsuO> ‘siap10 jeOW
ay UO pur siapi0 Asay UO UONeULOFU! pa|!eiep 104
yjeeg tp jo satuaua Younes pue siouny-uoulsp:
JO Japso snopeaz ¥ ‘GaajonULYD Jo JapiO ep pue ‘Arey
UIBIA, ay Jo UoISIA B paataoal OYM aNUIED Ysysug ue
Aq papunoy 1api0 |Jeuts Aza e ‘Ape INO jo diysmoyjag oy
suoneandar aunistid Jo sopeaio J & Aq pay J9pz0 paseq-a] se)
e ‘Kuedwog ayy atp apnyout siapro ature 19410
-koueur si ur sem Aapeary,

jo weg ayy udyM au e ye Woy Jo sou BuYpuno} UE
JetUINAISUT sem YoTy ‘uE[> opearo J ayp Aq paouanyut
AyBuons axe AoY s1YsTUY UdYysy oy se feoHeUEy 0 AYO]
se aumnb 20u ang ‘s[eop! uEWIOL aAeY Poo~YsIUy Jo s9p10
amTureg JIC "says JoNIg ap Jo syues a1 UIof 01 ysnous
paioaap pure ssapyas are surpeyeg A]UC "poo jo aueu ay UT
uonduapas aes ya sorrureD azes asotp pre 02 pu ‘(sand
‘wea Aueur Surpnyour) Aarueumy wareary 2y? semwa4
asurede 2y3y ‘so1]o1 Apoy 29201 01 WOMS st YoTYA ‘says
JaNIIg BYP Jo JapIO aU s} asoyp Jo UMOUY 189q ay] "sIOpIO
‘ypns jo ssouzryasn ayp aves oy SUOIDg JO AxTRATYD Jo sjeapl
ayp 01 paroaap sutpeyeg Aq paysi|qerso woyp jo as0w Is1X9
pooupysiuy jo siapro anes Ajazue jo Joqunu y

SAQA I}1M1VD)

antec) noqe
aq 01 wads sIysIUY ay? pauUoUr-[]as Moy Udals
‘ga ysep_ puesD SJopIo ay Jo 1a ay? sey JpesnId
peapun awos aya yadsns suoisg AueUT ‘urea
Joy Avs ued pro] aTUTED ou a]FYat ‘YoAamop ‘adoung,
qnoysnomyp aouasaud v avy or suraas 194 pure ‘unos
Appatiejar st — a1oy Jo ssoxz atpi Jo UoIsseg ay Jo
s1ystuy 100g ay — Jopso SI] ‘UTED Jo UaUp]YD

ayp Aq porurerun s]a19]dur09 ‘mouy suoI9g Q)

dup sv 4Ry se ‘S1 s1YBTU Jo JOpio peuow au

ddddO GAHONOLNN AHL

sopestiod JeOU! noyp Jo Auedwor
dup Sugoi ‘Jam se uourWos oynb are Anuewny jo
peoy aya Jo sromoTJO} YBNOUpLe ‘s1apro Yons Urol or saute)
Syox}] asow ayp are AapearyD jo ypeg atp pue sBury Jo peoy
dup Jo siemo]]o4 "Stopio JEIIOW JBYRo sone pure ‘sIysIUy
stuomna] aya "aperdsopy sIYSHUNY ay2 SuowE |JEmp ose
suolog dutog ‘aoeIquIg Jay a2UIs Japlo o~P pouto! oaey
yey souuteD (Ajaxer 10H) 10 aoeIqW ay Waals sTysIUy
Jevow! Joyple ‘sioqwow arureg aaey ‘ejdwey sysiuy
dU 10 ‘UOMIOJOS Jo a[dwua J JOP] ay Pure IsIBYD Jo sysHT
1004 AY] "PHom aup UL s1apro JeoTIseIS9]999 |RyLaMod wow

ap apnpour Aoyp ‘Ayjeoruoay "syuer saya Suowe soureg
JuNoD pooysysiuy Jo siapro jeuow usuTWOId AUEYY

SAAD JPPAONG

‘os Bulop U! pjiom ayp Jo Yonur uaas pu ‘srea4 parpuny
B Jo asmo9 au 19A0 sIOpIO JesAAas UIA Paazas aaey AeUl
yyy auures sap] wy ‘spue] 2420 UF sYUePUadsap UNO
niayp se Suisod usao ‘siead ayp 1980 sorNUap! pue soUU

SuIBueyo Yoyioue 07 Jp1o auO Wo, aAow 01 UNOUY az

sonun

aUWlog : (9810 jo ‘suIADUOD YoNsaaey OU OPsIapI0
auuTed Jo sxaquiow!) sapedap Jo asinod ay? 1aa0 Aep v ake
JOU Soop OYA IYsIUY v 2o1I0U OF Afay] axe UaItParg jenoW
grotp ‘ounqeu on aloya Suresouoo ut |ryssaoons are Aayp f
uoag ‘uiod awios wv Jopio uasoyp s19qp aavay snuL ATEDId
$4, 1980] 18} 10} Aajearyp jo asne> atp pjoydn pue artaes
Uy UyewA! 02 asooYD aWOs ‘SUT e Jaye sIsoIIUT 1910
ansind 03 uo axow Ajjensn systUy UID Ysno~p]y
-aasas 01 AayuMsoddo ayp pue
Japs aya Jo sjeapt aya ur dn aysne> uaayo ae saztureg
JaBuno { "INO sao3 ayz1eq 02 [fe ay] VAY a]quyTAL Wop
BuIAey pur suing Axiom oruy way2 Suideys ‘sou
-oau Auvw jo ainqeu Arayy aya adurai pue Adno30 0}
Kem auy & Se 11 998 Saplq "aay Masya to aaout o2 Apeal
aue Aayp []qun sapedap maj ¥ 10y UI aB|NpUT o1 Surpauios
‘gouaisixe aya Jo a8eis B Ing se pooyrysTUy maya uayo
sanures ‘speuoU ox][UA) "Bar| s,oU0 Jo aotaras ay

UI 9oUBApe 01 Puk ‘UOITUBOIAa puke smers aaaty>e o}
sueaus Ayis0m & 1] apIsuoD sBULy Jo peoy ay UO siaxpo
Auew pur ‘Aapeatyy Jo eg ay? UO WoIDg Aaa ApeaL
jo [eo aya st zapio Apysiuy e ur diysraquayy
+(ao10yp aejndod v st pur Ajo a
Jo wores9q!] au) ssed 01 soUIOD IUAAd JayI0 aUHOs 10 IND
genonaed & pay]yyry avy Aoyp pun uIese uns oy 295 0}

Mithras, the Prince of London and vampire monarch of
England, longagoco-opted the Cultof Mithrasand adopted
thenameand identity ofthe deity. Although the Methuselah
doesn't believe in any of the cult's dogma, the Cult of
Mithras is ideally suited for gathering followers among the
soldiery, where Mithras' primary interest lies.

Other Scion cults are dedicated to the preservation of
particular noble families or bloodlines. Ventrue, who
have old ties to the noble houses of Europe, tend to favor
these sorts of cults. They range from those dedicated to a
particular noble house to ages-old conspiracies to main-
tain a human bloodline, said to be descended from the
blood of Christ himself (through Mary Magdalene) and
destined to rule over Europe and the world. Royalist and
patriotic cults allow Cainites to shape the political future
of nations over time

For more information on the creation and use of cults
by vampires, see Ashen Cults.

Falling from the Path

Esteban stood proudly, defiantly, before the tribunal. He
was clad only in a simple habit, lie that of a monk, but he wore
his dignity like a cloak despite being stripped of all other signs of
rank or office. He was not shackled or bound — they permitted
him that, atleast — though he knew there were archers and men-
at-arms close at hand, watching him warily. The thought that
they were so frightened of him pleased Esteban somewhat

The head of the tribunal raised her hands for silence and the
murmur in the chamber and in the galleries above died away

"Esteban," she said, fixing him with her dark eyes
"Have you anything else to say before the decision of this
tribunal is pronounced?"

Hetookastep forward, keepinghis hands foldedin fromeofhim.
"Tonly wish to offer my prayers that the Lord, in His infinite mercy,
till open yorereyes to the truth Ihave seen, that you wil give up these
worldly pursuits and come to him as true penitents, to seek His
forgiveness for your sins. I will pray forthe salvation of your souls,
although your fate rests in your hands, and in the hands of God."

There was a moment of silence before the head of the
tribunal spoke again. "Esteban, since you forsake the duties and
responsibilities laid upon you as a Scion of the Via Regalis, itis
our judgment that you be stripped of your titles and domain,
twhich shall revert to your overlord, to be disposed of as he sees
fit. You leave behind all that you have gained on the road, and
choose to walk alone."

The apostate shook his head sadly, for his former peers could
not understand. "I leave behind nothing of importance, and take
with me the only thing that matters. Wherever I may walk now,
I shall never walk alone."

Notall Cainites have the mettle to progress along the
Road of Kings. According to the Scions, it takes a combi
nation of confidence, courage, will, determination, and
ambition to succeed. They're well aware that the Road of
Kings isn't for everyone, how could it be? Only aselect few,
those capable of meeting its exacting standards, are able to
uphold its tenets. Those who cannot do so must find
another way, whether they want to or not.

—— (ery

yy

Scions turn away from the Road of Kings for various
reasons. Some are unable to handle the duties and respon:
sibilities expected of them or unable to handle the power
they are given. Others find that their needs and ambitions
change over time and the ways of the Road of Kings no
longer suit them. In either case, they are found wanting by
the standards of the Via Regalis, and will inevitably begin
to degenerate. Only one of three ends awaits such a fallen

Scion: Acceptance of another road, a fall into infernalism,
or a final surrender to the power of the Beast.

Scion apostates most often turn to the Road of Human:
ity or the Road of Heaven. The Via Humanitas appeals to
Scions who tire of the games of kings and the constant

ambition and competition of their road. They find meaning
in the prodigal philosophy of brotherhood and simple
virtues. They may or may not bear malice against thei
former Scion peers. Some apostates who turn to the Road

of Humanity become fiery rebels, supporting the overthrow
of the nobility and the creation of a new order in which
people are judged on their merits

The Road of Heaven calls to Scions for various reasons,

depending on the particular sect toward which the Scion

s drawn. Scion apostates often turn to the Via Cael
seeking forgiveness for a sinful existence, in hopes of
redeeming their souls before they are truly lost forever
Others become so convinced of their God-given powerand
authority that they dedicate themselves to His service to
spread the gospel of a particular heresy or to crusade against
those Cainites who have not heard the Word, to end their
unholy existence and redeem their souls. The combination
of the social skillsand abilities ofa former Scion and thezeal
of the Faithful can be a potent one

VBanishment

Some Scions do not leave the Road of Kings by choice,
but are forced from it by their peers and superiors. Banishment
from the road is a serious matter, since it may condemn @

Cainite to the jaws of the Beast. It is also no simple matter —
onlyaprince ora usticarofthe road may make sucha decision,

and it carries only as much weight as that Scion's authority

Scions are declared anathema when it is clear they
have violated the tenets of the Road of Kings on numerous
occasions, andall efforts to rectify the matter and place the
rogue back on the proper path have failed. Itisalso common
in the case of Scions who have committed serious crimes,
although in their case banishment is little more than a
formality to precede a blood hunt or other punishment
Scion apostates who betray their oaths and their duties may
also be declared anathema in absentia, although this is
again merely a formality for a Cainite who has already left
the road behind

Banishment nearly always takes place in open courtas
part of a solemn ceremony, where the apostate is offered a
final chance to turn back to the Road of Kings and rectify
his behavior. Ifhe refuses (or does so by not being present),

*ROAD-OF KINGS -


BANISHMENT AND

DEGENERATION
B hment from thé Road of King

‘a Scion's Road rating to degener

ily during the actual process of being stripped of all
titles and honors and declared anathema. Howe:
banishment does not lead to automatic degeneration,
and banished Scions can and do remain true to the
ideals of their road, although this can be difficult if the
Scion is cut off from contact with much of Cainite

ty. Still; the isolated and

against the temptations of the Beast, seeking to
his honor and statu: avenge himself on his.

d of all honors granted him by the Road of
ommon for excommunicates to lose their

then
Kings, It
domains
larly when the apostate has gr

well, but that isn't necessarily the case, particu-
¢ influence and answers to

a0 overlord

Once the banishment is in place, no Scion is permitted
ffer aid to the excommunicate, Any who violate this
on risk ban
sible for a banis

hment themselves. It is sometimes pos-

Scion to go elsewhere and take up the
avels through Cainite society, and
nishment in this way is certain to
bod hunt

in, but word

mpire violating

become the object of

Important Sites

Since it is the source of power and position in the Dark
world, all land is important to the Scions to one
eeoranother. The followersof the Road of Kingsstruggle
naps nightly, playing out the

ingdoms and lines or
skirmishes and battles of the War of Princes. However, there
ificance for many

re some places that hold special sig
ns, making them important to the road as a whole
Usually these places are associated with great deeds of king-
oth mortal and Cainite, and serve to remind adherents
of the road of their principles and ideals. Some of the more
important places in Europe to the Scions include the follow-
ing (for more details, see Dark Ages Europe).

* The Castle in the Lake (Scotland): Under Loch
g in Scotland lies the home of the Order of Bitter
a submerged castle. Cainite knights (who need not
and can walk along the bottom of the loch) can
reach it fairly easily. The Order carefully protects the Castle

from invaders and stores many of its relics there.

* London (England): The center of the Court of
Avalon and the rule of Prince Mithras. Ventrue and Torea-
dor Scions have remained in conflict since Mithras seized
power, and the prince's court in London is home to any
cr of plots to dethrone him, although none have been
to successful as yet. Although opportunities for
ment were common during Mithras' to power,


the structure of the Court of Avalon has ossified consider-
ably, and some young Scions are finding themselves
frustrated at every turn

* Magdeburg (Holy Roman Empire): A center of
Ventrue power in the Holy Roman Empire and of activity
for many Scions in the region. Lord Hardestadt holds court
in Magdeburg only occasionally, but Lord Jiirgen,
Hardestadt's protégé, is usually there and uses the city as his
power base. It is also the temporary home of the Ventrue
elder Alexander, exiled Prince of Paris. Alexander's inten-
tions in Magdeburg remain to be seen.

* Paris (France): The center of the Court of Love and
Toreador stronghold in Europe, Paris is home toa consid-
erable number of Scions involved in the nightly affairs of
the court and seeking opportunities to further their own
causes. The Cainites of France tend to be more intertwined
with mortal affairs in their domains and opportunities for
courtly intrigue abound.

* Rome (Italy): The Eternal City is considered by
many the birthplace of the Road of Kings, although in the
modern nights it is more strongly associated with the Road
of Heaven. Still, some Scions harken back to Rome's glory
days, when the Empire ruled the known world, and the city
sees pilgrims there to visit the ruins of a once-great
empire rather than the relics of the Church. There is also
the matter of Rome's new prince, since the destruction of
Prince Constantius in 1229. As yet, noone has successfully
claimed the title.

* The Tomb of El Cid (Iberia): The tomb of the
legendary general has become a place of pilgrimage and
prayerforCainite Paladins, particularly those involved in the
Reconquista in Iberia. Saracen Cainites want to keep the
tomb from becoming a rallying point for further crusades
against them, while the Lasombraare concerned that Cainites
visiting there may draw undue attention to their activities.

Mortal Vassals

His grace, the Duke of Milan, sighed and eased back in his
chair, stretching out some of the kinks from sitting and poring
over page after page of court documents that threatened to put
him to sleep. Roderigo, his steward, smiled indulgently as he
presented the last of the papers for his duke's attention

"Thisis the last, your grace.. It requires only your seal." The
duke vaguely listened as Roderigo explained the particulars of the
land agreement. His eyes strayed toward the window, now dark
for nearly an hour, the only light in the room coming from the
hearth and the candles on the table

He dripped wax onto the bottom of the page and pressed it
with his seal. Roderigo began gathering up the other papers while
it cooled.

"T take it then that I am released from this purgatory?" the
duke asked

"For the time being, your grace," the steward said lightly
"Shall I give instructions to the servants for a meal?"

The duke shook his head. "No, not right now, my
friend. I wish to be alone for a time. Tell the servants Tam
not to be disturbed."

st

serene

+ROAD OF KINGS -

your grace," he replied.

Only once Roderigo was gone and the door shut and bolted
behind him did the duke allow himself to relax for a moment. He
quickly doused the candles and the hearth fire, leaving only the
faint glow of moonlight coming in through the windows to light
the room.

The shadows thickened and seemed to writhe. Then they
parted and she was there, standing tall and regal. The duke
dropped to one knee and took her cold hand in his, pressing it t
his lips before bowing his head in fealty before her

"My lady," he said. "How may I serve you?"

Of course, no Scion rules solely over Cainite subjects.
In fact, Scions are more likely to gain mortal retainers and
vassals long before they acquire power over their fellow
vampires. Mortals remain important subjects even for pow:
erful princes and lords, since mortals rule the daylight world
and make for such useful servants and allies.

A Scion's mortal vassals may be as diverse as the great
range of the mortal masses allows, but certain types of
mortals are commonly found among a Scion's retinue.
High-ranking mortals are often more likely to move ina
Scion's circles (whether or not as a vassal of a vampire).

The Nobility

Scions are known for taking noble mortals as their
sals, although there are certain risks involved in claim-

ing dominion over the mortal nobility. Such control gives

Scion great influence, and may even lead to a position as
aprince or lord. Certainly the most powerful Cainite rulers
have great influence over the mortal nobility of their
domain. Those that ignore the value of such mortals rarely
remain rulers for very long.

lobles tend to be better educated and schooled in
various skills (notably diplomacy and warfare) that make
them useful to their Scion masters. Of course, that same
education may also make mortal nobles more likely to
question their Cainite patron, or at least less willing to
accept everything they're told at face value. Nobles may
even learn enough about vampires to know better than to
accept the opportunity to serve one, although greed and
ambition (to say nothing of vampiric Disciplines) can often
overcome a mortal's better judgment.

For this reason, Scions often seek out nobles who are
not in positions of power, at least not yet. A king or baron
has little reason to accept the patronage ofa Scion and may
even fancy himself the vampire's master rather than the
other way around. Of course, there are things that even
kings want, which Cainites may be able to provide, but
monarchs tend to be willful and self-confident enough to
resist many things that would tempt lesser men. They may
also turn their considerable resources against a Cainite who
offends, threatens, or frightens them

Therefore, it is often best for a vampire to seek out
those of noble blood not yet in positions of power, but
with a potential for power that can be cultivated. If the
lord of a manor proves too dangerous ot too stubborn,
then perhaps the lord's sons might be more amenable to


"ypmny ay or
qeautp Aue ino Bunoos ut Aozaw OU MoYs Ay 41 Puy Lay
uy "UoReIsofUT aTUTeD Jo suis 10) DTP pue Jo areMe
{jBurseazout ore Aowp pue Butmor8 st siavuny aridurea jo
soquinu ay J "younyy aup Sursuanyur saureD 10y 1uALAyIp
awlodaq 2avy sinreU ‘uoRIsINbUT ay Jo 24jO ay? Jo
quo UTYst|qe3s9 ayp YaTY\ "ApUadar [HUN ‘apA7eq SUIso] e U9DNq
sey sHayL "YDINYD Jetpoyy ATOH] ay Sunsazur ssowjep
jo sainqeaio oy) asurese uodeom v se yrey Toy Jo Yosoy
Up pappain savy say aug] v ‘saznqUad Jog "stead AueUT 10}
aaey pue sazidumea Jo aouaasixa atp adsns 10 jo Mouy oy
UaWOM pur UaU AfoY are ZY "YDINYD ay_ Jo syuez ay
Woy sow saBuep ‘aqea18 sdeyzed pue ‘puoses ay]

‘os 2101 10U J}
‘Aarpiqou ayp Burouanyur suordg se aoe[dsip 01 NIUE se
sea] 28 pue ‘souaNyUT Joys UF payouanua are saridurea
Jap]q "seourg Jo Jey oy Surnp Apenoized ‘aou94 aq
ued ‘pus sejnoiared e premor sBunp adeys 02 20 "ynys)
ayi Jo quawas rynsnred e jo JonUoD so} sanduea
uaaaieg SUNYBYUT "spud UMO Hay preMor YDINYD ap
aouanyut ‘Asazapy aaureD au ay] s1]No Jo stuaroype pur
uaarapy JO peoy auf Jo sIaMoj]oy ay? Osye Ng ‘sUOTIg By
{quo ON ‘adoung jo Seaxe snolsea Ut YoINYD ayp jo sized
jud1yIp YBnoyr 33} pue paroor Ajdaap os st aouanyut
>yidwea wy? Ie ay) Woy sawOD JaBUep IST AY

"ypiny ay
jo sireye ay Sujouanyur Ul siz a[qezapisuoo osje st 2204
ing ‘ape auTED pue peuoU or UoHeidusoa qwoxd B si 20U9
-ngfut pue Jamod yong "wopuarstsyD U} uew |rpromod sour
ay Ayqen3ieadog arp pur saruisd ay] sdoysiq sit ia Ypos
o1un uoHeU & ayy] st ypINYD aYL "YaINYD ayp st suoI9g
ay Aq paouanyul uayjo soul 1190s jo wreNS 19y10 34}

PANGD GS

-y jo a8er
-ueape ayer 0} paredaid Ayjny are suorg pure ‘Burmor8 s}
Aaypqou ays uodn saxo wes uaursiyesd jo sp[in3 pue suey
-fout IYI aouaNyU! ayy ‘sdiys Burpen pue sueaeses
preoge oBe9 jo asin3 ay2 ul adoing sso1se saouelsip
qeai8 jaaen 02 shea somdwea aa13 sasnoy pure sayrurey
queyDiy "Woy apins or vod UID & Jo pre 9y3
(aia pejnonazed ‘plows aya ur J9y3NY asi 01 sBuTWUIBq
d]quiny wymMoWOs jo ApIUteZ e 10} UMOUY ospe s,1]
wat uaaaiaq
soaow oym aridure
MO] pUe SOYBTY au Uaamiag aBpyq k Jo

B JO} [RyasN aq. URD YDIYA "Ga1D0s

JeMOW Jo sjaaaj 382
Surypowos sv aaras op Anuad ayp ‘A191908 jo sjaaay says
ayp 02 ss900e aAvy JOU Op Aatp YSNoIpLY "sI9e1UOD JeII0s
ay 02 ssaooe pu ‘s22INOsaI pure YBa Joy 02 $8922"
apnjour suorog Jao wes AnUAs ayp TeIp sIJoUDg Oy |
ayo 01 sey amTUTED B sIyaUAq
VY UF parssiaqU] axoU! arojarayp puE ‘9pt] UE IO] Atay

Yam UAIUOD sso] ISLA] Ie JO "AaI]IGoU ayp UeUp snoniqueE
azour Uayo ose are ANUDS oy] "WeLUsyeId JO IUBYDIOW
Atpjeam e 02 UoRnponuT ue eBuELE 02 oIUTED [EAU
-NU! Ue IOJ YNOYJIp 10U sa] "spuesTIg puL saadiyA [eUOU
jsurede paroarord yjam ysnowpye "Aypiqou ayp weyp paprens
ssoj AqpeotdAa are day y "Aaypiqissaoce say pur ype zap
aie uoIdg & 1ayo AnUad ap saderueape oud ayy

(aouanyu aig}
-axoY puL) YpPeam 9[qvIapIsUOD ng s9]I1I My YT asotH
‘Anuaé yeuow ayp Suowre syessea Surumrey> Aq pey aq 01
jue syyauog AueW ‘(ensue yp Jo soxsed pauyas 9yp 0}
Ajrejnanied) peadde sui avy saop pooyg 21qou 91144

hago 95

sao ypee wsurede
sumed ssayp ay! way Suraour pur Apurey atp Jo slaquiau
ayp Sursuanyut sured azowi so oan 40 a[S8huns ayp Woy
payjnsar aavy sorpurey a]qou Suowe sioyuoo sy10 pue
sdnoo adeped oj v URUA D1OPY "o1Ar98 s19Y WY Avave Walp

aun] 02 sa}s1 10 spessea stat Yat stadurea auosue jt onouO)
Ajay] aae soourid pue ‘urewop s1oyp jo aypigou [enow ays
Surouanyur noyria ajnusasutzd maj ‘pauonuauisy "auojty
-ramod a1owi 8 Ajpensn ‘oxures s8yioUre O1 UrOMS aq ApealTe
eur JesseA JeLIOW v IeYD s} fs! IULIYIUBIS JoyoUy

+(adoinq jo s13n09 ay;
ur Ajuado passnosip aq 01 4]2x1] 204 are suryp Yons Ysnoy
1191 AJoY Jo UoNDaIoMd
yp Woy yyaUAaq UDAa AU sa]qoU aUOg "pre s,pIO}-282}]

22) stoz99408 Jen0w A]q}ss0d 10 s

aroyp 07 Suruuny swue-ye-uaw snoraunu BuIZq 02 ULL
s} waepe Aue pur ‘saurdiosiq) 1y311 aya Jo asn ayp sno.
-YpIM TY JO YoreUOU papreNs AJasoy> ¥ y>var 01 INdYIP
aq ue> a -uodn parse pue paonou oq Avu solaetaq
snoroidsns 10 saSueyp |jeuls uaa pur ‘sjer0w jo (prouered
ysow pue) parraioid asaq ayp osye are Aoyp 2eyp st AAT
-Tiqou ayp Suoure spessea Suryaas jo ysis asoIw9s3 ay |
SARL] 01 UOIDG 8 10}
syessea o]qenyea [je are ay} 2up pur ‘sperauas ‘syuiays:
‘speyosouas yexiow yeyp suet sty] "Jasin ayy Aue ApIgou
Surya oy mnoysTA WopBUPy ay ADaNp Ajaanrayga ued UO
[youd v uo|p ‘TaIseUL ayBOUE Aaqo Ajrasdas STUBALAS as0UH
JI pur ‘siopio soy Ino Aue sqUBAIDg "190d 3DaNIP 2p]
Savy syorRUOUI ‘Ie JaIyy "sSuIpapuN pur suEasds Ay
ang ‘]]e 2k sfeusow a]gou aq 10U AeUI sesseA Jeapt 9yL
warp areanyn
1 yotyat ur WH ang Suryiou aaky sazidurea ‘amod yweasd
DAdTYDR 01 JessvA [eIOUI B 10J sIvaK ayer KELL TT >TNYAL
aBaq] a1TUTED & Jo J]eYaq UO spfoyasnoy pur sasnods ap
J9A0 dduANGUT 1913 v aKa AeUE pue ‘spuEgsny ajqou
{arew pur dn mos8 Aypenquaaa siaaysnep a]qon "s19y1019
sop]? 4194p []eJaq 02 919m Apaesd autos #1 Ajreosd ajoUaq
01 pueas oya ‘Sundsyo piy2 pue puosas jo ann 4px]
enotazed aq Avur sty] "Jaiseur UOTDg & YA aD1AI98 SUN)

IA

sissies ae wisi PES eee
Ps ee = P= =
SS ES ok —_ wats Be PEN NSS
QS ae °
ae: oS a Se. = —< %



HAPCER*CHREE:
Che BEOOD
WILL CELL

I would rather be tied to the soil as another man's serf;

even a poor man's, who hadnt much to live on himself,
than be King of all these dead and destroyed.
— Homer, The Odyssey

Playing a character on the Road of Kings can be an opportunity
for great deeds, powerful ambitions, and epic drama. It can also lead
to problems if you don't take the other facets of the chronicle,
particularly the other characters, into account. The nature of their
road makes Scions natural spotlight characters, so it's important to
know when to step into the spotlight and when to give it up to
another character.

Dark Ages: Vampire stories aren't about any one character but
about the coterie as a group. Although events may focus on one
character or another duringa story, the overall arc of the story should
include all characters equally. Otherwise, some players are likely to
feel frustrated and left out. Like the followers of the Road of Kings,
players of Scion characters need to balance their goals with their
duties and responsibilities to their fellows. This chapter offers some
advice on how to do that


Storytelling Scions

Scion characters offer various unique challenges
and opportunities for telling Dark Ages stories. Story-
tellers should consider the advice in this
dealing with Scion characters in a story or chronicle.

Setting Goals

The Road of Kings is a particularly goal-oriented
one. Not just focused on the distant goal of Golconda
and peace with the Curse of Caine, if at all, S
concentrate on short-term goals, such as personal power
and excellence. Therefore, it's helpful if the players of
Scion characters define their characters' short- and
long-term goals before the game begins to give the
Storyteller and idea of how to include them in the
chronicle, and how the characters' goals may converge
or conflict at some point.

As Storyteller, once you have a clear description of
the characters' goals, consider how best to fit them into
your chronicle. If a particular goal is something you
don't think you can deal with in the context of the
story, ask the player if it would be possible to change the
character's goal to something more suitable. Better that
than having the player become frustrated and lose
interest in the game because the character's goals aren't
being addressed.

Scion Chronicles

A number of possibilities exist for chronicles focus-
ing primarily on Scion characters, their ambitions, and
their conflicts. These are by no means the only ones, but
they are some of the most easily run with a group of
characters, and can include vampires who follow differ-
ent roads. As always, the Storyteller should discuss the
type of chronicle with the players in advance and outline
the guidelines for it as clearly as possible

ction when.

ions also

Tuitiates

The characters may start out as initiates, newly
come to the Road of Kings. They may have on
recently been Embraced, or they may be apostates of
other roads, seeking a new path to follow. They might
share the same mentor or teacher who is helping to
guide them toward a deeper understanding of the road,
and they may share some common experiences, per-
haps including the moment of truth that sets them on
the Road of Kings.

The primary goal of the characters is to become
adherents of the Road of Kings and secure suitable
positions for themselves. They may have rivals among
other initiates of the road, perhaps even rivalries among
themselves. They have to overcome the challenges laid

ya

-ROAD O)

gE" sperermeey

Er hannah

before them by their mentor, as well as by their liege-
lord, to prove themselves worthy. They may also have to
deal with the schemes of rivals or enemies of their
patron(s), plans that may try to use the characters as
pawns in a plot against their lord.

An initiate chronicle can be played out for its own
€or as a prelude to a different sort of chronicle. Once
the characters have become adherents and achieved
some success, the chronicle can switch to a different
type, or it may even skip forward to when the characters
are established and influential figures in Cainite sociery,
renewing their old ties during the War of Princes.

Knights in Arms

The characters are all knights in this chronicle.
They may be members of a particular order of knight-
hood (see Orders of Knighthood, page 48) or they may
simply serve the same liege (or both). The chronicles
prelude may include the characters' winning their spurs
and being knighted (perhaps following a short initiate
story like that described in the previous section). Some
or all of the characters may follow the Path of Chivalry
described on page 68.

As knights, the characters will see battle against
enemies of their liege, including rival princes. They can
also become involved in courtly intrigue. Perhaps they
are courted by a usurper to support a rebellion against
their lord, or targeted by such rebels because of their
extreme loyalty. They may spend time roaming the
countryside as errant knights, doing good deeds and
righting wrongs, but always forced to indulge their un-
holy appetites. This chronicle also affords opportunities
for knightly quests, crusades to the Holy Land, and
stories of tragic courtly romance (particularly fora Cainite
taken with a mortal paramour).

Servants of the Crown

Characters in this chronicle are all servants of a
particular liege-lord (perhaps even a powerful prince or
monarch). They can serve in various capacities; one
character may be sheriff, another the prince's warmaster,
seneschal, vizier, and so forth. The key is that the
characters are all close to the court and in positions of
power and influence. Those positions not filled by the
characters can be played by the Storyteller, and may be
allies, rivals, or even enemies of the characters

The characters need to work together to further
the cause of their liege and domain while advancing
their own personal agendas (whatever they may be).
The chronicle can be played with the characters as a
fairly close-knit group, or they may be rivals plotting
against each other (or at least willing to sacrifice each
other if it furthers their own machinations). They
may be loyal to their lord or conspiring against him, or

<4

KINGS -

Sy

some characters may be loyal, while others are poten-
tial spies or traitors.

The characters can face challenges from outside
their domain, such as the agents of a rival noble, the
arival of inquisitors seeking to root out any vampires
they may find, or trouble within the mortal herd that
threatens the stability and success of the domain:
They can also deal with challenges from within, in-
cluding rivalries and conspiracies within the court (or
wen their own ranks), the plots of their liege (who
may or may not have their best interests at heart), or
evenan attempted coup. Perhaps the characters' liege
tums traitor against his liege-lord, and the characters
must choose between loyalty to their immediate liege
or to their overlord.

Allied Princes

In this high-powered chronicle, the characters are
allrulers of their own domains, perhaps barons who owe
allegiance to the same prince, or even princes under the
same lord or monarch. They're likely more capable than
the average starting character if they have such signifi-
cant domains. The Storyteller may want to give the
players extra bonus points to round out their characters,
reflecting this extra experience. Alternatively, this type
of chronicle may take place some time after another
chronicle fleshing out the earlier unlives of the charac-
ters.For example, characters from aDark Ages chronicle
inthe 12th century may be powerful nobles some forty or
fifty years later during the War of Princes (in which case
the information on Maturation and elder chronicles
given in the Dark Ages Storytellers Companion might
prove useful).

The characters have the concerns of their own
domains to look after, along with issues that unite them
against outside forces. For example, the characters may
beallied against the aggressive and powerful prince of a
nearby domain with designs on their territory, or they
may be allied in order to conquer nearby domains and
add them to their own (or to their overlord's greater
domain). The chronicle can focus on the fairly high-
level events concerning the characters, leaving the
minor events in their domain for background material,
or stories can switch from one domain to another.
Perhaps the players even run multiple characters, play-
ing liege-lords in turn while the other players portray
supporting characters in the domain.

Foal Princes

The characters are rulers of domains in this sort of
chronicle as well, but they're not so friendly toward each
other. Instead they're rivals or even enemies. They
struggle against each other for control of their domains
and possibly against other Scions run by the Storyteller.

COR a ee

+ CHAPTER THR!

This type of chronicle is best suited for troupes that
can enjoy the competition between the characters and
the potential drama of it without things becoming too
personal. It may be suited for online or Live Action
games, particularly for playing out things like parleysand
negotiations between the rivals. It's definitely not for
beginning players (or Storytellers) or troupes that prefer
working together and don't enjoy competition.

Rebels Against the Lord

In this chronicle, the characters are all allied in
defiance of a particular liege-lord, prince, or even mon-
arch. They may be vassals of that overlord, working in
secret against him, or openly in rebellion. They may also
be outsiders or commoners with good reason to rebel
against the poor treatment of an overlord. The charac-
ters have to work together to survive and find a way to
overthrow their enemy.

The chronicle can range from courtly intrigue
and conspiracies to open warfare between the rebel
and the overlord. Rebel characters may survive as
bandits or brigands on the outskirts of the lord's
domain, striking where they can, evading (or perhaps
even attempting to ally with) the local Lupines, and
waiting for the opportunity to strike a telling blow
They may find allies among the lord's rivals, although
at least some of those allies are likely to have designs
on the domain themselves.

Once the rebellion succeeds, there also comes the
question of what to do with the domain. Do the charac-
ters try toclaim it themselves, either putting one of them
in charge (with the othersas trusted advisors) or running
it as a cabal, sharing power? Can they do so without
falling to fighting among themselves? Can they effec-
tively rule the domain and protect it from outside forces
that see an opportunity, now that the overlord has been
disposed of? This can easily spin off into another sort of
chronicle entirely.

Agents of Justice

The characters are a group of Justicars (page 23),
special agents appointed by the hierarchy of the Road
of Kings and empowered by the ashen priests to inves-
tigate crimes on the part of the Cainite nobility,
particularly to determine if a prince is worthy of his or
her domain. They can travel widely carrying out their
duties, and are certain to face considerable intrigue
along the way.

This chronicle offers the opportunity to involve
the characters in many different conflicts in the War of
Princes. It can be run as a series of mysteries and
investigations, with the characters piecing together
clues and testimony to unravel the lies of unfit lords and
determine the truth. It can also have elements of


intrigue when the characters are offered bribes — or
threatened — to end their investigations, or to find
favor with a particular noble.

Characters can see much of the Dark Medieval
world along the way, and get to know many of the most
influential and powerful figures of the War of Princes.
They can help to decide the fates of domains, and are
certain to make more than a few enemies (and, perhaps,
allies) in the process. They may also face rivals or
enemies within the ranks of their own order, seeking to
displace or discredit them in order to further their own
agendas, and defiance from those Cainites who refuse to
acknowledge their authority.

Scion Conflicts

Scions can embroil themselves in a number of
potential conflicts. They are at the heart of the greatest
Cainite conflict of the Dark Medieval world, the War of
Princes, and their very nature tends to bring them into
conflict with rivals, enemies, and sometimes even their
allies. Storytellers can bring any of the following con-
flicts into play ina Dark Ages story featuring followers
of the Road of Kings

Scion vs Scion

The most common rivals for Scions are their fellow
adherents of the Road of Kings. Scions want the same
things: Power and prestige for themselves and recogni-
tion for their accomplishments. They inevitably come
into conflict when they pursue the same goals, but only
one can win them. That's not to say that every Scion
regards every other as a potential rival or enemy (some
do, but they'te in the minority), only that other Scions
tend to be the most common and — in their view — the
most worthy adversaries to have.

A conflict between Scions may be as simple as a
struggle for control over a particular domain, or as
complex asa battle of wits that has been going on for
centuries. They may be bitter enemies, or they may
be friends with a legitimate disagreement that comes
n them, which neither can honorably set
aside. Although they may agree on the ideals of their
road, it's the expression of those ideas (namely, who
will sit on the throne and rule the domain) over

betwe

which they disagree.

One of the prime differences between the Road
of Kings and, for example, the Road of Heaven is the
fact that the Scions can be in perfect agreement
about the tenets and traditions of their road and still
come into conflict. Followers of the Road of Heaven
tend to clash over matters of doctrine and dogma,
spinning off heresies and splinter sects. Most of the
Scions, and even the followers of the road's various
paths, tend to value the same things. The only

problem is that their road doesn't allow them to
share very well. This means that two Scions who ate
bitter rivals for a particular position or domain may
still respect each other a great deal, and both remain
faithful to their road.

Dassal vs, Liege

The bonds of fealty are a serious matter for Scions,
not to be broken lightly (or even at all). Still, conflicts
can and do arise between liege-lords and those sworn to
serve them, and such conflicts have been known to
topple kingdoms and to raise new ones up to take their
place. The kind of struggle that goes on in aCainite court
can be the making of an entire chronicle

The reasons for conflict between a vassal and his
lord tend to be either the lord's mistreatment or misbe-
havior in the vassal's eyes or the vassal's ambition. In the
first case, a vassal may have a legitimate complaint
against a lord who does not rule his domain properly, or
who mistreats his vassals (although not necessarily the
ssal who objects). A formerly idealistic Scion who
swore fealty to a powerful master may see his lord
degenerate, or may simply lose his idealism enough to
recognize him for the cruel and terrible creature that he
is. In this situation a vassal can either bear the lords
abuse and behavior or try to do something about it
Rather than violating the tenets of the Road of Kings,
working to correct such a situation can be considered
upholding them

In the second case, a vassal may simply be ambi-
tious and seek to overthrow her lord in order to replace
him (or put someone else of her choosing in his place).
‘As mentioned, Scions often rationalize this sort of
treason as "necessary" because the lord is incompetent,
weak, or otherwise unfit (or at least less fit than the
vassal is). Cainite nobles are constantly on the alert for
signs of disloyalty from their underlings, and the quest
tooverthrow one's liege-lord can easily takea chronicle
to accomplish.

Finally, vassals and lords come into conflict for all
the many reasons that any two individuals clash. They
may argue over a particular point of faith, a matter of
tradition, or other such differences. In the Gothic tradi-
tion ofromance, an emotional matter may come between
themas well, creating a conflict between duty and desire
(see below).

Dassal vs Vassal

Scion vassals of different Cainite lords come into
conflict almost nightly during the time of the War of
Princes. Lords and monarchs have their spies and
agents abroad, gathering information and sabotaging
their rivals, who are doing the same to them. They
field soldiers in battles over domains and send emis-

saries to the courts of their enemies to parley or to
offer terms, or simply to see what will happen. It is
almost inevitable that a Scion in service to a particu-
lar lord will come into conflict with the vassals of his
lord's enemies

Even serving the same lord is no assurance that two
Scions will get along. In fact, rivalries often develop
between Cainite vassals seeking the approval and atten-
tion of their liege-lord or vying for the same position
within his service. Such rivalries lace activities at court
vith their venom, often forcing others to choose sides as
the conflict deepens and widens, until only one can
emerge as victor.

Desire vs Duty

The central internal conflict of Scions is their need
to balance their duty as followers of the Road of Kings
and sworn vassals against their own desires and ambi-
tions. A vassal's oath of fealty —and other oaths sworn
an conflict with what he really wants.

Sometimes it's a matter of the Scion being over-
wwhelmed by personal ambition, willing to violate oaths
or do whatever is necessary to achieve power. Such
Scions either find ways to justify breaking their sworn
caths, usually by arranging for the other party to violate
the oath and free them from it. Otherwise they will
degenerate from sinning against their road andeither fall
to the Beast or become apostates and seek a road more
accommodating to their ambitions.

Often the Scion's feelings conflict with her duty,
sich as a sworn vassal becoming taken with her lord's
new mortal or Cainite protégé. Imagine, for example,
slaying out a Camelot-style love triangle in a Cainite
court. The vassals are torn between their desire and their
sworn duty to their liege, drawn helplessly together and
laying the seeds of their destruction. Of such things are
Gothic tragedies made

Perhaps old loyalties conflict with new ones. Con-
sider a Scion who learns that his family's ancestral land
lies within the domain of a rival lord and is likely to
become a battleground in the War of Princes, with the
mortals there used as pawns in the game. Will he allow
his human kin to be slaughtered, his family land de-
stoyed, in order to remain true to his liege, or will he
betray his oath in order to warn them or try to prevent
the conflict?

Leaders and Followers

Scions are leaders by nature; they would not be on
the Road of Kings otherwise. It's in their natures to take
charge of situations and to enforce their will on the
world. Although your Scion character may be a born
leader, however, that doesn't necessarily make the other

Fe Fate OR
+ CHAPT

characters followers, unless your fellow players are com-
fortable with that arrangement

The distribution of power within the coterie is
an important consideration. Are some characters
more high-ranking and influential than others? Do
some of the characters owe fealty to others in the
coterie or are they all (relative) equals? These deci-
sions affect the character and style of the group and
should be discussed among the players. There are
almost endless permutations and different types of
groups, but certain arrangements work best in an
ongoing Dark Ages chronicle.

Company of Equals

The most common arrangement is for all the char-
acters to be on relatively equal footing within the ranks
of the coterie. Even if their status within Cainite
society differs, the characters treat each other as equals,
either because of friendship, past ties, debts, blood
oaths, ot other connections. Perhaps the noble Scion
knew and served with the band's lowly Nosferatu in the
Holy Land andstill considers him a friend and compan-
ion, even though someone of his station would not
normally associate with one of the Lepers. Maybe the
savage Gangrel saved a noble character's unlife (or vice
versa), creating a bond between them that overcomes
the social distance, at least somewhat. A particular
coterie's reasons for gathering and remaining together
will provide ideas for ways to place the members on
reasonably even footing.

Of course, outside the coterie things may be differ-
ent. When they visit the court of a foreign prince, the
Scion character and not the Nosferatu will be expected
to speak for them. On the other hand, if the coterie
happens to visit the catacombs of Rome, then it will be
the Nosferatu character's turn to guide the others. Influ-
ence at court and among mortal nobility is only one
aspect of Cainite existence, after all.

This option helps to keep other players from feeling
that the Scion characters are hogging the spotlight or
lording their positions over them. Even ambitious would-
be princeshave friendsand allies they rely upon and treat
as equals, if only to secure their loyalty for the time when
they claim their rightful place and power.

Servants of the Liege

The members of the coterie might all owe fealty to
the same liege-lord. In fact, that may be the common
bond that brings the characters together in the first
place. Scions may be knights or vassals of the liege,
while other characters serve in other capa
spies, advisors, agents, clerics, stewards, and so forth
This arrangement can bring a diverse band of charac-
ters together and help keep them together through

cities, such as

ei ae ON
ER THREE - Poe


their mutual loyalty, even if they don't otherwise care
for each other.

The ambitions of any Scion characters in the
group are quickly tied to the future of the coterie. If
the characters' liege is a good one, whose star is rising,
then the Scions have good reason to ensure that the
coterie remains in the liege's good graces and rises in
esteem, $0 as to take advantage of their lord's increas-
ing power. If their lord is failing, then the efforts of the
coterie may protect him from his enemies and earn his
gratitude (or finish him, if the coterie betrays their
liege at the right moment). If the liege isa tyrant, then
the coterie may form the center of a power base to
overthrow him, provided that the characters can be
persuaded to change their loyalties. In any event, the
Scions have good reason to work with their fellows to
achieve their goals.

Lord and Vassals

The coterie might be made up of a single liege-lord
or leader, with the other characters as followers and
vassals. Or it may have a few leaders, with the other
characters split among them as vassals (along with some
retainers and such from their Backgrounds). Since this
arrangement places some of the characters in charge of
others, it should be discussed among the players before-
hand. If everyone is amenable to it, this can be an
interesting opportunity for the Scion characters to exer-
cise their leadership abilities. It also shows off the
importance of feudalism and oaths of loyalty in the Dark
Medieval world. Vassal characters may follow other
roads or they may be lower-ranking adherents of the
Road of Kings.

One possible option for this style of play is for each
player to have a Scion ot noble character, along with
another sort of character associated with one of the
nobles. The players then take turns playing the noble
characters and being in charge while the other players
take the roles of their vassals, allies, and servants. In
this way, a troupe can portray the characters of a small
court of vampires, each playing a noble of the prince's
court and also playing one or two other important
characters at court. It can make for a complex game of
intrigue, particularly if not all of the characters share
the same ambitions.

Rivals for the Chrone

Scions are ambitious, and it may be that Scion
characters don't have identical goals. If the players are
comfortable with the idea, the Storyteller can run a
chronicle where the characters are rivals or even en-
emies competing against each other. Perhay
character plots to overthrow the current prince while
another supports the prince and a third represents

s one

sell

ca
+ROAD ©F KINGS -

another court that could shift the balance of power, if
her support can be secured. Perhaps the characters are
princes themselves, dealing with neighboring mon-
archs, not all of whom are allies. The characters could
even be powerful elders of the Road of Kings (and other
roads as well), spinning out their webs of influence and
playing the ancient game of Jyhad using the Cainitesof
Europe as their pawns.

This sort of game is only for troupes that feel com-
fortable with their characters competing against each
other. Hurt feelings and emotions running high may
spoil everyone's fun, in which case it's better to go with
a different arrangement. For groups able to handle it,
for great stories. Italso takes some of the burden from the
Storyteller to create antagonists for the chronicle, since
the characters supply most of the conflict themselves
This allows the Storyteller to concentrate on providing
a detailed setting and supporting characters for the
drama as it unfolds.

This sort of chronicle works well for online and play.
by-email (PBEM) games, since the players may have
little contact with each other, and can more easily
arrange secret meetings and one-on-one interaction
with each other and the Storyteller. Playing this way
takes more time, but offers more detail as the players
write out their characters' plans and activities, more like
writing a shared novel than creating a shared bit of
theatre in live play. Players of Mind's Eye Theatre may
also enjoy this style, since it cuts down the number of
supporting characters that need to be portrayed in the
game, allowing the players to interact more directly with
each other.

Ambition and Duty

Scions seek power, both over themselves and over
others. They balance this with a dedication to duty and
the responsibilities of holding power. The feudal sys
tem embodies this ideal. Although a liege has great
power over his vassals, he also has the responsibility to
protect and support them. Even the most ruthless
Cainite tyrant realizes that a monarch needs subjects to
rule, and mistreatment may lead to rebellions and
insurrections. Those Scions who pursue ambition to
the exclusion of their duties and responsibilities often
come to regret it.

Duties

Consider your Scion's duties and responsibilities
Any follower of the Road of Kings is likely to acquire
at least some responsibility over time, even if it is
merely doing small errands for a superior. Does your
character have any dots in Allies or Retainers? If so,
then consider the character's duties to those people,


in order to earn and keep their loyalty. Characters
may have duties to their sire, particularly if they are
only neonates. In fact, Scion characters may have the
ame sire as a means of giving them a common bond
and reason to work together (even if they don't care
for each other personally).
Your character's duties have considerable impact
hen it comes to freedom of action. It's difficult to be
traveling around the countryside when there are matters
that require attention at home. A Scion's time is not
always his own, something both you and the Storyteller
an take into account in the chronicle. Naturally, a
Scion's duties should be adjusted to suit the needs of the
chronicle, but few Scions have no responsibilities at all
{at east, not Scions who intend to remain on the Road
of Kings for very long).

Oaths

Oaths of fealty are part and parcel of everyday life in
the Dark Medieval world. The feudal system is held
together by such oaths, and the Road of Kings recognizes
that fact. A sworn oath is the most sacred bond a Scion
can imagine, with or without the enforcement of Cainite
vitae. Among Scions, the blood oath is not as common
assome might think simply because the power invested
in any oath that is freely sworn. Scions take their oaths
seriously, even if others may not.

This means several things for a Scion character.
First, Scions tend to be cautious about swearing any
sort of oath, since they will be obligated to uphold it.
This tends to be less the case for younger Scions, who
may be prone to swearing oaths and making vows
rashly. A Scion who does not keep to her sworn oaths
will soon have no respect in Cainite society, and
such oath-breakers may find themselves cast out
from the road

Second, and more important, breakinga sworn oath
isone thing certain to bring about degeneration on the
Road of Kings. Scions who don't keep their oaths may
lose more than their standing on the road; they may lose
themselves to the Beast

Third, Scions take oaths offered to them very seri-
ously. Anyone (mortal or Cainite) offering fealty or
sweatingan oath before an adherent of the Road of Kings
had better be prepared to deliveron that oath, orelse face
the Scion's wrath when it is forsworn. Breaking an oath
considered good reason for a trial by combat (or even
asimple execution) among Scions, since the upholding
of oaths is so central to their road

Finally, the Scions (like many people in the Dark
Medieval world) see oaths of fealty — including the
blood oath —as two-sided, and the best oaths are those
mutually sworn. The vassal swears to obey and serve the
liege, but the liege also swears to protect and care for the

=

+ CHAPTER THREE -

Ce ies ei

vassal, and that oath is just as sacred and importantas the
first. A Scion who enforces an oath through the power of
blood or through Disciplines like Dominate takes on the
responsibility for the vassal in the process. Those who
use othersas pawns and dispose of them are likely to earn
a bad reputation in Cainite circles, and will have diffi-
culty finding willing vassals to swear allegiance to them.

Those who use trickery or deceptions to secure oaths are
considered even worse, not to be trusted any more than
absolutely necessary.

Betrayal

Despite the importance they give to sworn oaths,
betrayal is often a part of a Scion's existence. Vampires
do notage and pass on their power and their domains like
mortal nobles do, so there is a limit to how far any Scion
can advance without eventually having to betray an
elder or superior in one way or another. This is expected
to a degree, and taken into account in the tenets of the
Road of Kings.

The only real circumstance where a Scion can break
a sworn oath with a clear conscience (in other words,
without it being considered a sin against the Road of
Kings), is when the oath is forsworn, broken by the other
party first. This is also the case when the individual to
whom the Scion swore the oath deliberately releases him
from it. In these cases, the oath isno longer binding upon
the Scion, who can then act freely.

This offers an "out" for ambitious Scions or those
who bridle under the rule of their liege-lord. If the
Scion is satisfied that the liege has not upheld his end
of the oath to care for the Scion and treat her asa proper
and honorable vassal, then the Scion's oath of loyalty
to the liege no longer applies. Most Scions will, of
course, try to take steps to redress the matter with their
liege before leaping directly to regicide and diablerie,
but it does open the way for the oppressed or mistreated
vassals of a liege-lord to rebel, without abrogating the
tenets of the Road of Kings. In fact, Scions are all but
required to turn against a liege-lord who violates the
tenets of the road in this way, in order to preserve their
own honor and integrity.

If the oath is not forsworn, however, things
become more difficult. A Scion can still choose to
violate his oath, but doing so is almost certainly asin
against kingship. Unless the Storyteller feels there
are important mitigating circumstances, oath-break-
ing will call for a degeneration check. Normally, it
doesn't matter how much the character wants to
ignore the requirements of the oath, or what the
other circumstances are. Unless someone else breaks
it, the Scion cannot violate the oath without sinning
against his road. Of course, in some cases, violating
a sworn oath may prove to be a moment of truth for


se

nee ee

the character (as well as an opportunity for drama in
the story)

Sometimes Scions may scrupulously keep to the
letter of the oaths they have sworn, while feeling
freer to violate the oath's spirit, if necessary. This is
something of a gray area, and is left largely in the
hands of the Storyteller. If a Scion has a good and
noble reason to break an oath and finds a way to do
so without violating the letter of it, then degenera-
tion is probably not called for. In fact the player may
be due a little extra experience for coming up with a
clever idea. On the other hand, Scions who rou-
tinely weasel around the exact wording of their oaths
in order to further their lot through trickery and
deception will feel a pricking from their sense of
honor sooner or later and a degeneration check is
appropriate. As always, the Storyteller should warn
the player in advance if a particular course of action
will lead to a degeneration check. The Scion always
knows in her heart whether or not an action is a
violation of her road.

Character Creation Lips

ions are cast in a different mold from other
Cones or so they say. Regardless of the truth or
falschood of the Scions' pretensions, the Road of Kin
choices made at all steps of the character
creation process.

Concept

Certain character concepts are more likely to suit
the Road of Kings than others, although Cainites are not
reliant on royal birth or even noble blood for their
positions in society, so it may be possible for a pauper to
become a prince, given enough time, patience, and
cunning. Some concepts show up often among Scions,
and players may want to consider others for offbeat or
unusual characters.

Noble

A Scion character may possess true noble blood,
either of a long-standing noble family or recently made
nobility, perhaps even a noble line that has since died
out. Vampires tend to be cautious about Embracing the
nobility because it can raise all manner of difficult
questions unless it's handled with great care and discre-
tion. It nearly always means the end of that noble's
involvement with mortal society, since the duties of the
nobility don't usually allow them to sleep away the day
and wander about at night. Therefore, Embraced nobles
often disappear altogether (which may lead to rumors
and trouble in succession, if there is no immediate proof
of the noble's death). Otherwise, the noble may choose

influence

ay
ee.

Mo: ae
+ROAD OF KINGS + Pw

pe een

Speemenntenss panty

to be taken for dead, given proper burial and then
unearthed by an ally to take up vampiric unlife. Some
noble Cainites exercise influence over their mortal kin
generations after their Embrace.

Knight Errant

Knights in the Dark Medie
nity to travel far and wide during the Crusades, visiting
the Holy Land and other distant countries. In their
travels, knights may encounter many strange things,
Cainites among them. More than a few Crusaders join
the ranks of the undead, either an act of mercy fora
brave and noble warrior or a curse laid upon a hated
enemy (or some measure of both, perhaps). How many
of those who never returned to their homelands and
families actually did so in secret, concealing their
unliving state? Cainite knights often follow the Path of
Chivalry (page 68), but not all do. Some become
disillusioned with the notions of chivalry after their
Embrace and choose a different path, following the
Road of Kings to power and influence. A vampire who
was a knight in life is virtually assured a place in one of
the Cainite orders of knighthood (see Chapter Two for
more information on these).

al have the opportu

Landless Geir

Since life is hardly safe in the Dark Medieval world
most noble families find it prudent to have enough
children to ensure their line of succession. "An heir and
a spare" is considered the minimum, and a noble family
may have many daughters before a son or two are born.
Since the eldest son usually inherits all, families have to
contend with ambitious or restless younger heirs. Some
wind up in service to the Church, while others may find
ways to fulfill theirambitions in Cainitesociety. Younger
sons of noble families make useful servants (since they
tend tobe healthy, reasonably well educated, and trained
in fighting). Scions often look for potential protégé
among their number, since the loss ofa younger son isles
likely to trouble a family. Of course, some younger sons
are also promised the opportunity to inherit, once theit
elder brothers are out of the way

Lady

Even more than younger sons, the lot of noble
daughters can be a difficult one. They are bred to
marriage, usually arranged by their family to cement an
alliance or improve their lot in the world rather than for
love. Yer they are often raised on tales of great romances
and of chivalrous knights championing causes for them
Anoble woman might have some education if her father
or husband is indulgent, but usually her training is
limited to the womanly arts of keeping a household,
spinning, weaving, embroidery, and perhaps singing or


playing an instrument. Scholarly matters are generally _aGangrel or Nosferatu to parade around like a Ventrue or
considered over a woman's head. Cainites have learned — Lasombra. It's quite possible the character may be an
toovercome some of the cultural prejudices of the age. apostate from a previous road, having chosen the Road of
Certainly a female vampire can be the equal of any male, _ Kings later in unlife (see Chapter Three of Dark Ages:
and women have their ways of controllingadomain just Vampire for more information). Conversely, the High
aseffectively, if not more so, as their male counterparts. Clans may see Low Clan Scions as a threat for getting
More than one noble lady has fallen into the Embrace of above themselves or presuming too much. There may be
aCainite mentor or lover and proven herself worthy of _ adesire to "put them in their place" and teach them some
the Road of King: proper humility.

( Although Scions of certain clans (notably
mon, it can be fun to play against type by creating
a Scion from the Gangrel, Malkavian, Nosferatu,
or Tremere clans.

Path
S

Lasombra, Toreador, Tzimisce

AsChapter Two makes clear, vampires of every
clan choose to walk the Road of Kings, although
some clans have far more Scions among their
number than others. A Scion's bloodline is likely
to dictate some of how he or she is perceived by
others, both within and outside of the vampire's
own clan. Clan affiliation may also offer particu-
lar opportunities or challenges for a character
on the Road of Kings.

Although Scions all follow the
same road, they don'tall do so in
the same way. Each character's
interpretation of the road is
likely to be unique. The various
paths beginning on page 68 of
this chapter show the range of
different ways of looking at
the Road of Kings. Read
them over and see if they
spark any ideas for charac-
ters, and consider your
character's views on the
road and its paths.

For members of many of the High Clans,
the Road of Kings is almost expected of
them. That means many of their clanmates
are also Scions, so Cainites from the High
Clans will usually be taught the basics of
the road by their sires, and will find
themselves in good company as they
take their first steps along it. Hav-
ngso many fellow Scions can be
ahindrance as well as a boon,
since High Clan Cainites face
more competition

Choice ofpath can also
help make your character
distinctive, especially if
there is more
than one
Scion in the
coterie. Imag-
ineaTzimisce or
Nosferatuon the
Path of Chiv-

Slans

Cainites from the Low
who choose to walk the Road of
Kings may face prejudice, from
their clanmates and others.
low Clan vampires may
accuse Scions from
among their number of
putting on airs or
to get above their station
inunlife. They're likely to
makeunfavorable
comparisons
with the
High Clans,
saying how
foolish itis for

ying


alry, a Malkavian or Assamite on the Path of the Vizier,
a Brujah or Tremere on the Path of the Merchant, or
perhaps a Gangrel tyrant.

A character's choice of path also tells a great deal
about the character's goals. Scions generally seek power,
but believe in duty and responsibility. Paladins are more
concerned with their duty and serving the needs of
others, while tyrants are focused on gaining power and
holding it regardless of the cost. Merchants seek their
power through wealth, while viziers seek theirs through
knowledge and influence. What approach suits your
character concept best?

The four main paths of the Road of Kings are
described on pages 68 - 71.

Nature and Demeanor

All Scions are potential leaders at heart, so
certain personality archetypes are better suited to
them than others. A Cainite with a Nature of Bar-
barian, for example, isn't likely to ever rule over
anything. A Scion with a Nature of Autocrat has a
very different style of leadership from one with the
Caretaker Nature, even though they might both be
capable leaders. Consider your character's true moti-
vations and goals in choosing a suitable Nature, and
take into account how Nature colors the character's
way of thinking and acting.

Don't forget about Demeanor, which can be almost
as important to a Scion as Nature. Does your character
cultivate a dignified, princely demeanor (Gallant) or an
attitude of superiority and confidence (like Autocrat or
Pedagogue)? How much of your character's Demeanor is
deliberate and how much of it is simply the way your
character acts? Will more of the character's true Nature
come out over the course of the chronicle? Many stories
of nobles and kings show them learning how to behave
and think like true leaders, taking on a nobler Demeanor
as they progress

Traits

Certain Traits, and higher ratings in some Traits, are
expected of Scions. That doesn't mean your character
has to have them, but you should at least consider them
and figure out why your character doesn't have them, if
that is the case.

Attributes

The Social Attributes are usually the most impor-
tant for Scions in the longrun. Although beingphysically
and mentally capable are important, a follower of the
Road of Kings unable to hold the attention of a crowd,
debate, or bargain shrewdly isn't likely to achieve great-
ness without a lot of help. Which of the Social Traits you
choose to emphasize depends on how you see your

i.
—_ Be ee

= ae
SO

rE
a.

character's style. Is she a strong natural leader with
magnetic personality? Focus on Charisma. Cunning and
skill at twisting words to one's benefit denotes high
Manipulation. Does he have the look of a king, with
noble features that turn heads? Then the character
should have a high Appearance.

Abilities

Scions need a wide range of Abilities in order to
achieve their goals, but their primary area is generally
Talents, followed by Knowledges, and then Skills.

Talents like Leadership and Subterfuge are all but
required for any Cainite hoping to succeed on the Road
ofKings. Abilities like mpathy, and Intimi-
dation are also quite useful for presenting the right image
and dealing with followers, allies, and enemies alike. A

pression,

measure of Alertness and Dodge can also prove useful;
Scions have a way of attracting assassins, so being able to

avoid danger is important

Scions are a learned lot, and Knowledges such as
Academics, Law, and Politics are common among
them. Investigation is particularly useful for ferreting
out information at court and discovering a rival's
plans in time to thwart them or turn them to your
advantage. Seneschal is an especially common (and
useful) Knowledge among junior Scions and followers
of the Path of the Vizier. If you can become indispens-
able to a prince or other powerful ruler, then you're
well on your way to power.

Most Skills tend to be hobbies or diversions for
Scions, save for a few. Etiquette is essential for com-
porting oneself properly at court and rising in the
esteem of one's betters. A Scion without at least a dot
or two in Etiquette isn't likely to last long in the
cutthroat game of Cainite society. Impeccable manners
and behavior can take you far (although impec
manners and a stake through a rival's heart will often
take you farther). Melee is the other important Skill for
Scions, since many of them spend as much time in the
saddle and on the battlefield as at court. A certain
ly from

ble

degree of martial prowess is expected, especi
followers of the Road of Chivalry

When choosing Abilities, don't forget about spe-
cialties. These allow you to personalize your character'
capabilities. After all, any Scion might be a capable

orator (i.e., have a high Expression rating), but a Scion
who specializes in Formal Debates and one who special-
izes in Subtle Insults have very different areas of expertise,
both useful in the right circumstances.

Backgrounds

Certain Backgrounds are vital to existence as a
Scion. Followers of the Road of Kings seek power and
dominion, and Backgrounds can grant a measure of

-ROADOF KINGS +

Espen eetngpeeeerpmeng

that before the chronicle even begins. Since Back-
grounds are also fairly inexpensive to purchase with
bonus points, you can ensure that your Scion has at
least some success in the nighttime world of the
undead from the start

Social Backgrounds are of great use to Scions
Allies, C them with
resources they can use to gather information and handle
their affairs in the sunlit world. Any Scion worth his
salt will € acquire all of these Backgrounds to
some degree.

ontacts, and Retainers provide

eventually

Scions cultivate and value Influence,
allows them to pull the strings of the mortal commu-
nity. Influence is rarely a Trait that carries over from
a vampire's mortal life, since most Cainites cannot
conceal their true nature for very long in the Dark
Medieval. Instead, most Scions develop their Influ-
ence slowly over long periods of time. That makes it
more appropriate for characters who hav
pires for a time rather than neonate
focus more on Status in Cainite society rather than
Influence in the mortal world, or vice versa. Most
Scions cultivate both.

since it

been vam-

ome Scions

Although Generation is common among Scions,
itis by no means required. A low generation indicates
that one's sire may be influential or high-ranking in
Cainite society, and low-generation Scions often have
great things expected of them. Those of the 12th
generation may be all the more ambitious, on the
other hand, because they start outat the bottom of the
social ladder.

Mentor is a fairly common Background for Sci-
ons, since they are often chosen and groomed for a
place in their Mentor's feudal hierarchy. A Scion may
owe fealty to the Mentor, or the relationship may be
less formal. While a Mentor may be your character's
sire, that doesn't have to be the case. In fact, your
Mentor may actually be the sire's rival or enemy,
taking the character under his wing either to spite his
sire or use the character as a weapon against him. If
your Storyteller allows, your character may even have
multiple Mentors (dividing your dots in the Back-
ground), playing one off the other. It's a dangerous
game, but the potential rewards are great

All but newly fledged Scions usually have some
measure of Resources at their disposal. It may be
wealth earned or inherited in the character's mortal
lifetime, an inheritance or endowment from her sire,
or what she has gained since receiving the Embrace.
With the ability to accumulate wealth over many
mortal lifetimes, elder vampires are often rich beyond
dreams of avarice and even younger Scions have
considerable wealth at their disposal. Of course, Re-
sourcesalso allow Scions to hire servants and maintain

suitable havens for themselves (and perhaps others
they favor)

Note that paid servants aren't the same as the
Retainers Background. Retainers are assumed to have
some measure of personal loyalty (either oaths of fealty
and service or something as strong as a blood oath).
Servants are whatever the character can afford based on
Resources, and they're only as loyal as money (and
proper treatment) can buy. Unless they're paid very, very
well, most servants aren't going to work for a blood-
sucking monster. In fact, they're likely to flee at the first
opportunity or rebel and try to destroy their former
employer (depending on how brave and well organized
they happen to be). So characters are better off having a
trusted Retainer or two to manage their mortal servants
and keep them in line so they don't get the idea of setting
the manorafire or trying to drag their master out into the
sunlight some day.

Status is another cherished goal of the Scions, but
fledgling vampires aren' likely to have too much of it,
unless they are clearly favored by their elders in some
way. A neonate being groomed for a high-ranking
position by an elder may have as much as two dots in
Status, but more than that is virtually unheard of

xcept for Cainites who have earned their positions
Since acquiring status is likely to be one of your
character's goals, you may not want to assign too many
dots to the Background at first, allowing your character
to earn it during the chronicle (and making the reward
that much sweeter for the effort). Of course, if the
chronicle is focused on the doings of high-ranking
vampires, then you may wish (or even be required) to
assign more dots to your character's Status.

Disiplines

Mastery of certain Disciplines is expected of
followers of the Road of Kings. As in all things,
personal excellence is emphasized. Disciplines allow
Scions to achieve greater and more impressive feats,
and to further their ambitions when used carefully
Leaders must balance the value of underlings able to
use the most potent Disciplines with the possibility
of those Disciplines being turned against them at

Two Disciplines considered vital to the Road of
Kings are Dominate and Presence. Clans that have
one of these as their clan Disciplines are more often
found on the Road of Kings. This is one of the reasons
why the road's development was so heavily influenced
by the Ventrue, as they are natural masters of both
Disciplines.

Scions also make use of several Discipline tech-
niques not typically found among other Cainites. These
are described beginning on page 72


Sa

DOMAINORNODOMAIN?
Or Background that deserves particular

attention where the Road of Kings is con-
cerned is Domain, one of the ultimate goals of every
Scion. Because it is such an important goal, you may
want to consider not putting any dots into Domain
at first. It depends on whether you want to play a
character on the road toacquiringadomain, with all
the challenges and rewards that go with it, or you
want a character dealing with the difficulties of
actually ruling a domain. Both can be dramatic
stories, but they're significantly different and can
influence the sort of chronicle for which your char-
acter is suited (the Storyteller might have some
input here, too).

A Scion with no domain has greater freedom
of action, able to travel widely for long periods of
time. Of course, the character doesn't get the
benefits of having a domain and Scions with no
territory to call their own are at the bottom of their
road's social ladder, meaning they're not likely to
have much Status, cither. Characters with do-
mains have security and resources to draw upon —
possibly enough so that feeding becomes less of a
concern — but they also have responsibilities.
They cannot simply leave for months at a time
without very trusted or capable retainers to look
after their domains in their absence. Otherwise
they are likely to find that another Cainite has
taken over the domain while they were away.

Consult with the Storyteller about the
chronicle before deciding whether or not Domain
isan appropriate Background for your character. If
the chronicle is likely to involve a great deal of
travel, thén having a domain may actually be a
hindrance (or at least not much of an advantage, if
you're going to spend most of your time away from
it). Likewise, it's not suitable in a chronicle where
the characters are all fledgling neonates looking to
make names for themselves in Cainite society.
Gaininga domain isan important character goal in
this case. On the other hand, if the chronicle is
about vampire lords building an alliance to become
a power in their region, then the Storyteller may
require most of the characters to have the Domain
Background, possibly as a pooled Background (see
Dark Ages: Vampire, p. 157).

Dominate

Dominate is a useful Discipline for Scions simply
because it allows them to enforce their wills on mortal
and even Cainite lackeys. Dominate is limited, of cour:

LCF

bs ~

"ROAD an eNGS:

stand the vampire's langua;

Of particular use to Scions are the more advance
arts of Dominate. Lure of the Subtle Whispers can slowly
bring ne arly any mortal (and many vampires) under the

Scion's command, while Fealty can seal oaths and bind
vassals to obey to the best of their ability. Of course, sine

Road of Kings takes oaths so seriously, and oath:
fealty are binding for both parties, Scions are judicious in
their use of these powerful abilities

Although Dominate has its uses, many Scions see
the Discipline — particularly its most basic applications
—as crude and overbearin;
mindlessly devoted thralls with no will or initiative of
their own. Far more challenging, and satisfying, to play
the game of politics well and earn one's place among the
lords of the night. Too great a reliance on Dominate can
also be dangerous, since some elder Ci
handful of rare mortals — are immune to its power

w Cainites wish to rul

tes — anda

Presence
The most useful Discipline to thos
Kings is arguably Presence, which allows them to hold

the Road of

a crowd entranced, raise a howling mob, or inspir
soldiers to fight (and die) in their names. The gifts of
Presence are potent, especially in th of a tal
ented orator and leader.

Scions still prefer to cultivate courtly skills rather
than rely overmuch on the pow
them, since the effects of the Discipline can be fl
at times. Most teachers of the road emphasize using
Presence to augment one's social and political skills
rather than substitute for them

Other Disiiplines

* Animalism: Although dominion over beasts is
not nearly so important to Scions as power over the
world of men, Animalism isa useful Discipline for them.
Cainites required to interact with animals — knights are

d to know how to ride, after all — benefit from
being able to overcome an animal's natural aversion to
the undead. Some vampire nobles take pleasure in ke
ing hunting animals — hounds or falcons, for example

Animal servants can also be useful for spying
No mortal would suspect their liege's loyal houn«
their lady's cats of being spies, but for a vampire mai
of Animalism, they can be.

* Auspex: A ruler must be aware of what is goingon
particularly of hidden dangers, before it is too late, so
Auspex is a common Discipline taught and learned on
the Road of Kings. Even the simplest uses of the Disci-

‘cion a great advantage, being able to
se threats to his person as well as read the intention:
of others as clearly as if they were shouted from the


rvoftops. When Scions say that they know when others
swear them falsely, they often speak the truth. The more
advanced uses of the Discipline allow a Scion to learn of
and prepare for almost any threat. Masters of Auspex can
snatch thoughts from others' minds and learn secrets by
serying and eavesdropping on distant places

* Obfuscate: The art of hiding in shadows seems
counter to the nature of the Road of Kingsat first. Scions
are meant to be seen and heard, to appear before the
crowd as a commanding presence. That is so, but some
Scions recognize the value of subtlety and the ability to
moveabout unseen. In addition to maskingone's comings
and goings, Obfuscate can permit a prince to walk asa
commoner among his subjects, hearing what they truly
think, or it can provide an escape when danger threat
ens. The ability to disappear in the face of an assassin
should also never be underestimated

Merits and Flaws

Certain Merits and Flaws are particularly appropri-
ate (or inappropriate) for followers of the Road of King:
Various physical Merits and Flaws are found among
Scions, although Flaws like Leprosy and Monstrous are
fairly rare, known primarily among the followers of the
Path of the Vizier (which permits them to stay out of the
public eye).

Social Merits (and, sometimes, Flaws) are common
forScions, including Prestigious Sire, Debt of Gratitude,
Infamous Sire, and Enemy. Crusader is a fairly common
Merit on the Path of Chivalry

Supernatural Merits and Flaws bless or afflict Sci-
ons the same as other Cainites. Inoffensive to Animals
is useful co Paladins and others working with horse
Spirit Mentor may indicate a Scion guided to greatne:
bythe ghost of a past ruler. Unbondable is useful Merit
forScions, since they are often expected to take blood
oaths as part of their fealty to their superiors. It is not as
useful as it first appears, however, since Scions take the
letterand intent of their oaths at least as seriously as the
powerof the vitae that enforces it. Even an Unbondable
Scion does not violate a freely given blood oath.

New Merits and Flaws that are especially appropri-
ate for Scions can be found beginning on page 74.

Preludes

Some are born to walk the Road of Kings while
others are chosen and groomed for the road (willingly
orotherwise). The events of a Cainite's life, death, and

| Embrace shape the sort of Scion he or she will become

in time. The following elements are common in the
preludes of those on the Road of Kings. Storytellers may
wish to consider including them in one form or an-
other, and players should consider them as part of their
characters' Background.

YON.

ae ae eco: sty

The Road of Kings demands a
strong will and a measure of conviction. Scions are
often willful, even stubborn, in their mortal lives,
enforcing their will upon others. They may be well
regarded as natural leaders, or condemned as bullies or
petty tyrants. Young nobles often display the willful-
ness that draws Scions to them, although such youthful
arrogance must be tempered and cooled by the Embrace
and the teachings of the road before it can lead a
neonate to true greatness.

* Pride: The Scions are many things, but rarely
humble. Those who follow the Path of Chivalry may
consider humility a virtue, but most adherents of the
road understand and expect a certain amount of pride in
one's self and one's accomplishments. Overweening
pride can bea danger, particularly when it blinds a Scion
to her own faults and dangers close at hand, but pride is
also a source of strength. It drives Scions to achieve
mastery over themselves, tostrive for excellence in order
to justify their pride.

© Self-Mastery: The first stepson the Road of Kings
involve learning to master oneself and the Beast within
before attempting to master and lead others. A leader
without self-discipline and restraint cannot lead effec-
tively, and will soon be overthrown by someone more
capable. Alll the will and conviction of a Scion is ulti-
mately aimed at caging the Beast and keeping it tamed,
keeping hold of their sanity and their dignity in the face
of what they have become

Power: Power is the ultimate goal of every Scion,
whether it is rule over a dominion, power over a prince,
command of an army, or wealth beyond avarice. Even
the adherents of the Path of Chivalry seek power, skill
at arms and command of soldiers they can use to further
the cause of justice in the world. The reason for seeking
itis almost irrelevant. This thirst for power and control
is nearly as great as the thirst for blood. For some, it
existed long before the Embrace, and their current
existence is merely an extension of their lifelong quest
for power. For others, their undead state has inspired a
desire for power. It may be because they never had a
chance to obtain it in life. It may be a substitute for
passions they can no longer feel or enjoy. Whatever the
reason, it is a part of every Scion

* Fealty and Duty: The Road of Kings is about
power, butalso about duty and responsibility, which are
necessary corollaries to power. Scions may learn those
lessons even before their Embrace. Often a conflict
between desire and duty leads them into the arms of
their sire. They also learn loyalty from their Cainite
liege-lord, and may learn betrayal from their fellow
Cainites as well. The importance of loyalty and honor
are central to the Road of Kings, something every Scion

must embrace.

ne aA A

Sy ee TT


PACH OR

Although the age of chivalry has only
begun in the mortal world, some
Cainites have seized upon its ideals and
taken them to heart. These Paladins see

chivalry as the salvation of their kind

One of the more recent paths of the

Road of Kings, chivalry has spread

rapidly throughout the Cainite
courts of Europe and its principles
are largely the same everywhere.

The philosophy of the path is

strives to act
with honor in
allthings. Oaths
are sacred, and
one's duty comes
before all other
considerations,
Deven personal safety
and ambition. Paladins
are deferent to their bet-
tersand kind and courteous to
their inferiors. Naturally,
some vampires have
seized on this de-
~ -votion to
"conscience as
a way to ma-
nipulate Paladins, but they have found
that such insults are repaid harshly and
in full measure.
The path is unusual in that it
emphasizes service and duty more

(CHIVALRY

VIA €QUITUM.

than personal power. Cainites are superior, yes, but that
means their responsibilities are that much greater than
those of ordinary mortals. The princes of Europe encour
age the path because they support its ideals or they
appreciate how it channels and leashes the ambitions of
hot-blooded neonates, binding them more strongly to the
service of their prince.
orders of knighthood to encourage the path among theit
vassals (see Knightly Orders, page 48)

Additional Ethics of Chivalry

* The blood of Caine makes you superior to mortals
Therefore youhavea duty toprotect and aid your inferior,

Some princes have even sponsored

© Duty comes before all else.

* Honor is everything. Without your honor, youare
no more than a beast

Practices: The Path of Chivalry is probably the
most organized branch of the Road of Kings. Initiates
nearly always petition to become squires of one of the
knightly orders, where they learn the principles of the
path along with the skills to become a knight. Cainites
who were knights before the Embrace are usually in-
ducted into an order without the need to spend much
time in service to a senior knight, although it is still
required to lear the essentials of the path. Initiates who
cannot serve are clearly not suited for the demands of the
path and may be expelled.

Paladins carry out their duties with as much pomp as
possible. They are fond of tournaments and contests where
they an win glory for themselvesand their patrons, and their
rites are carried out with great ceremony. Naturally, the path
appeals to many Toreador and Ventrue, who are also the

Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control

eravehy of Sins Against Chivalry

Minimum Wrongdoing
Neglecting your duty for any reason.
Dishonorable acts (ambush, deceit, etc.)
Treating another with disrespect.
Behaving in an unjust manner.

Beha
Fa

Treating a superior with disrespect.

wing shamefully before your peers.
iling to come to the aid of those in need.
Failing to answer a challenge to your honor.
Breaking your word.

Breaking a sworn oath

aE
~ rae
Z

poate

*RO;

a

AD:OF KINGS -

Rationale
Your duty comes before all else.
Your honor is everything.

A knight earns respect by behaving respectfully.
It is your sworn duty to uphold justice.

Honor and reputation are everything.

It is your duty to protect the weak.

Superiors must be given the respect they are due.
Honor is everything; challenge
Yourword is yourbond. If yourword is worthless, then soare you.
Oaths of fealty hold the world rogether.

not go'unanswered.

SxS

While the princes war for control of the domains of
Europe, a small faction slowly increases in strength. A
few Cainites have recognized the potential inherent in
this new class of merchants and skilled craftsmen, and
have begun to consider the possibility of buyinga throne
rather than winning one by force. Traditional Scions
scoffat these money-grubbers, but they grudgingly admit
that the Merchants do have a great deal of money

The Merchants hold fast to the Scion ideals of
ladder-climbing, self-mastery, and deal-making, but for
them wealth is the key to power, self-mastery and hard
work are the keys to success in business, and oaths and
mises are the cornerstone of a Merchant's good name.
ot many, the path is a means to an end; earn enough

wealth to purchase a manor and a title. A rare few see
greater potential in the path. Why control a domain
openly when you can own it in all but name?

Additional Ethics of Business

* Wealth is the key to power and control

* Power can be just as effective behind the scenes,
pethaps even more so.

* Your reputation is all that you really own, and is
worth more than the rest put together.

Practices: Unfortunately, few mortals do business by
night, so the Merchants are forced to work through
intermediaries for the most part, doing what little they can
after sunset. They exert their influence over mortal mer-
chantsand craftsmen, helping ensure that their businesses
prosper in exchange for a hefty piece of the profits.

Powerful Merchants often have numerous business inter-
ests, which may or may not even be aware of each other

The Merchants also do business with their fel-
low Cainites. They have no qualms about usury or

PACH OF ThE MERCHANT

VIA MERCATOR

money-lending (a minor sin at best
compared to the damnation of the
Children of Caine). A loan made to
a prince in desperate need of funds
to continue fighting against a ri-
val can give a Merchant the
prince's ear and some favors ,
to be discussed at a later
time. Many Cainites have
considerable wealth, and
hunger for goods the Mer-
chants can provide from
far-off lands.

aes

Cainiteswhocome
to the path usually do
sobybecomingappren-
ticed to an elder ¥
Merchant and learning
the trade as they go (fat-
tening their master's %
coffersallthewhile).Some &
Merchants practiced a
trade while they lived and
apply thatknowledge to their |
unlives. Of course, not all
Cainite and
tradesmen follow this path
(craftsmen tend to follow
the Via Humanitas , while
a few mer-
chantsfollow the Road
of Sin).

merchants

vampire

Virtues: Con
viction, Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Business

Score Minimum Wrongdoing

10 Neglecting your work.
Treating a customer with disrespect.
Treating an inferior as an equal.
Breaking your word to a customer.
Behaving shamefully before your peers.
Showing weakness in front of inferiors.

You must earn the customer
Everyone should know their pla
Trust is earned by being trustworthy.
Honor and reputation are ever

A leader must be seen as strong.

Rationale
Working hard is the key to succes

respect and cooperation.
including you.

thing.

Failing to answer a challenge to your good name. Your good name is all that you truly own.
Superiors must be given the respect they are due.

Treating a superior with disrespect.

Breaking your word to your superiors or clients. Your word is your bond. If your word is worthless, then so are you.

Breaking a sworn oath or deal.

Such agreements hold the world together.

Tyrantsunderstand theimportance
of vassals and oaths of fealty, but they
& | care little for notions of responsibility
and noblesse oblige. They find the pre-
tensions of the Paladins foolish
and naive. It is not the duty of
the strong to look after the
weak, only toensure that they
do not rise in rebellion. A
contented populace is the
easiest to tule, but if a thou-
sandmustdie toensure that

ae)

thedomainremainsstrong,
so be it. Notions of honor
and charity toward one's

inferiors are useful tools
for keeping the sheep in
line, but nothing more. In
theend, only powerandcon-
trol matter.

The ultimate goal forany
| | Tyrant is power and the
rity that comes with it. One can
either rule or be ruled, and the
Tyrants know which option they
prefer. They also know there are
more than enough ambitious
Cainitesandnotenoughdomains
to go around, so they must be
ruthlessin eliminatingcom-
4] petition. While knights
{24 follow the Path of Chiv-
alry, Cainite warlords and

cur

Sn

Minimum Wrongdoing
Neglecting an opportunity to-gain power.

Treating a peer with disrespect.

PACH OR ThE TYRANT

VIA, CYRANNUS

conquerors choose this path as their own, the path to
power, the path to glory.

Additional Ethics of Tyranny

* Power is yours for the taking, if only you have the
will to seize it

* Honor your obligations, as they will earn you allies
and loyal servants

* Iv is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot
be both:

Practices: Given its nature, many Cainites find the
Path of the Tyrant alone, through their own ambitions
and will to power. Often they learn the path from a liege-
lord they serve, only to seek to replace their mentor later
on. Tyrants tend to be wary, even for Cainites, because
they understand the full depths of ambition and what it
drives them to do. Unlike mortal lords, they do not
groom heirs, since they intend to rule throughout their
unliving existence

Still, Tyrants are not entirely untrustworthy. They
value oaths and laws because they are so necessary to a
smoothly functioningdomain. A Tyrant moves carefully
and cautiously, but is ready to seize an opportunity when
it arises. They see matters of honor dispassionately,
solely in terms of what advantages they gain, rather than
the somewhat romantic notions of the Paladins or even
that know they are damned can be. As far as the Tyrants
are concerned, they already exist in Hell, so they have
erything to gain by
making sure their subjects understand the penalty for
disobedience and failure.

nothing to lose by further sin and ev

Virtues: Conviction, Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Tyranny
Rationale

Opportunity comes only to those who seize it,
Do not make enemies unnece:

sarily.

Never let your inferiors get above themselves.
Power is not gained by giving it away.

Behaving shamefully before your peers.
in front of inferiors.
Failing to answer a challenge to your authority
Treating

Showing weakn

a superior with disrespect.
Breaking your word to your superiors.

Breaking a sworn oath.

Yourwordis yourbond. Ifyourwordisworthle:

Your reputation is a part of your influence.
A leader must be strong.

Tho:
Superiors must b

who do not protect their power soon lose it.
ven the respect they are due.
, thensoare you.

Oaths of fealty hold the world together.


Not all who rule do so from a throne. Oftentimes
they rule from the steps of the throne, or from the
shadows behind it. Such is the philosophy of the Path of
the Vizier. For the a subtle game
best played away from prying eyes. Where other
seek glory and adulation, Counselors work in the sha
ows, pulling strings to make things happen. To the
Counselors, the ideal is to hold power without anyone
knowing it, since Cainites perceive anyone in power as
apotential threat. Some Counselors are known to be
powerful, even as true powers behind the throne, but
thinking one knows the true measure of a Counselor's
power is usually a fatal mistake.

Counselors, power is

The Beast is the ultimate threat to a Counselor's
plans because it is anything but subtle. Every Counselor
knows that the seeds of defeat and failure lie buried deep
within and so struggles to keep the Beast caged. Knowl-
edge, cunning, and influence are the Counselor's weapons.
Where a Scion may excel on the battlefield or in the
council chamber, a Counselor excels in study, writing,
advice, and building networks of informants and
allies. Through this subtle web, the Counselor rules from
behind th

Additional Ethics of Counsel

* Those seen to have power are the targets of those

scenes.

who wish to s

Those seen to grant power are the allies of those
itho wish to seize power

* Gather power subtly, use it wisely. Be seen as an
ally rather than a rival

Practices: The Path of the Vizier draws more schol-
atly Scions, those not suited to ruling openly, but clever

PACH OR THE VIZIER

VIA CONSUASOR

and learned enough to make
rulers dependent on their ad-
viceand wisdom, and notonly
Cainite rulers. Where most
Scions seek their own domains
in vampire society, Counselors of-
ten exert as much — if not more
influence over mortal kingdoms.
Many a monarch, baron, or
prince entertains nightly
visits from a mysterious ad-
visor who offers
counsel (and perhaps a dose
of vitae to keep the ruler
strong and vital, and in the
Counselor's thrall)

wise

Counselors are also
commonly found in the
ranks of the Church, where
it is difficult to seize power
openly. They thrive in an
environment of learning
and scholarly debate, where
they can move key pieces
about like a chess match. Al
outnumbered by
Cainites on the Road of
Heaven, Counselors have the
advantage of keen intellect, un-
encumbered by religious zeal, to
see their plans to fruition.

though

Virtues: Conviction,
Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Counsel

Score Minimum Wrongdoing

10 Neglecting your duty.
Treating a peer with disrespect.
Openly usurping por
Breaking your word to a peer.
Behaving shamefully before your peers
Showinga lack of knowledge in front of infetio
Failing to answer a challenge to your
knowledge or integrit

Treating a superior with disrespect.
ing your word to your superiors.

A leader earns
The shadows are your prot

owledge (or at least the apes

Th

Superiors must be g
Yourwordisyourbond. If your word isworthless, then
Oaths of fealty hold the world together.

Rationale
Those who fail in their responsibilities often lose them.

spect by acting respectfully.

Trust is earned by being trustworthy.
Honor and reputation are everythin,

of it) is strength.

are the basis of

n the respect they are due.

are you.

—— I

New Disipline Techniques

The following techniques are commonly associated
with followers of the Road of Kings, and mostly taught
and used by them. Non-Scion characters may be able to
learn them at the Storyteller's discretion by finding a
willing teacher or experimenting on their own

An Earfor Lies Ausperz

Scions place great stock in the truth, and successful
rulers and leaders learn to discern truth from falsehood,
even when spoken by the most convincing liars. This
power allows the user to know when someone is lying to
him. To the Cainite, liesstand out, harsh and discordant,
from all other speech.

System: The player must make a Perception + Empa
thy roll (difficulty equal to the subject's Manipulation +
Subterfuge). Ifsuccessful, the characterautomatically knows
if the subject lies to him for the duration of one scene or
social encounter. This ability does not detect lies of omis-
sion or half-truths, only direct and deliberate lies. If the
subject believes what he is saying is true (even if t is not),
then the character will not detect any falsehood. This
technique does not give a character the ability to discern
what the truth is, only to know when someone is lying.

Experience cost: 14

MET: Make a Static Mental Challenge (difficulty is
the subject's Manipulation-related Traits + Subterfuge;
retest with Empathy). With success, the Scion automati-
cally knows if his target lies to him for the rest of the scene/
social encounter (the Scion's player may ask the target if
she is deliberately lying with intent and the target must
answer truthfully). Lies of omission will not register as
falschood, and asubject who believesheis telling the truth
(such as while recalling false memories from Dominate)
will likewise not appear asa liar. This power requires both
Basic levels of Auspex and costs 14 Experience Traits.

Tuspire Greatness Presence s,
Fortitude or Potencez

True leaders know how to inspire their followers to
greatness, but Cainites can use the power of their vitae
to inspire more than mere competence — they can push
others beyond their normal limits.

To use this ability, the character must specifically
try to inspire or urge a follower on in performing a
physical task. This can be battle, a feat of strength or
stamina, a physical contest, and so forth. The subject of
this technique must look to the character for leadership
and guidance, and the character must inspire the subject
in some direct way through words or actions.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership
(difficulty 7). Each success allows the player to spend one
blood point to grant the subject a bonus in performing a

Tae

feat of strength or stamina for the duration of the scene
The player cannot spend more blood points per turn than
her character's generation normally allows, and no more
than the character's rating in Fortitude or Potence (which-
ever one she wishes to grant the subject). Successes canbe

split between Fortitude and Potence, if desired, up to the

vampire's limits.

The effect also varies depending on the subjects
nature. Vampires and ghouls gain dots in the appropti-
ate Disciplines (Fortitude or Potence), even if they
previously had no dots in them, with the normal effects
and benefits. Mortals gain extra dots in Strength ot
Stamina and can even exceed five dots, but do not gain
the other benefits of Fortitude or Potence, such as the
ability to soak lethal damage or automatic successes on
Strength rolls. The benefits last for the scene or until
the task at hand is complete.

Experience cost: 21

Ifa character has Presence at five dots or more, he
may spend an additional 14 experience points to Inspire
Greatness in multiple people at once. Successes from the
Charisma + Leadership roll can be applied to increase
the number of people affected as follows

1 success
2 successes
3 successes
4 successes 20 people
5 successes Everyone in the character's imme-
diate vicinity (an entire troop in battle, for example)

Two people
Four people
Eight people

MET: The Scion must begin by inspiring or urginghis
subject to a physical feat of strength or stamina, the subject
must look to the Scion for leadership, which the
attempts to provide by words or actions. The Scion then
makes a Social Challenge (retest with Leadership). Success
allows him to spend Blood Traits to grant his target bonus
to use in Strength- or Stamina-related challenges. The
Scion may not spend more blood per turn than his genera-
tion normally allows, nor may he grant any higher than his
rating in Fortitude or Potence. Vampires and ghouls gain
levels of Fortitude or Potence, even if they had no previous
levels of them, and the powers act normally. Mortals can
gain extra Physical Traits, even above and beyond their
normal rating, but may not gain Fortitude or Potence. The
benefits last for one scene or until the feat is completed.

This effect requires the character to have reached
the first Intermediate power of Presence, plus both Basic
powers of either Fortitude or Potence, and 21 Experience
Traits. If the character has Advanced Presence or even
the powers of the elders, he may spend an additional 14
Experience Traits to Inspire Greatness in multiple people.
By spending extra Traits in the initial challenge, he can
inspire from two people (with one Trait) up to all in his
immediate vicinity (with five Traits)

ion

p=

ae ied a ee. -

-ROAD OF KINGS +

True Tongue Dominate z, Presence z

With the truth such a valuable commodity in the Dark
Medieval, the ability to find the truth is useful indeed. A
vampire with this technique can render a subject unable to
speak anything except the truth as he knows it; lies cannot
pass his lips, nor will his tongue utter them. Of course,
subjects may simply choose to remain silent. They are not
compelled to speak, but they cannot speak lies.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership
with a difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower. The
subject must also be of an equal or lesser generation than
the character (as with all uses of Dominate). Success
places the compulsion upon the subject, with the num-
her of successes determining its duration

I success The subject'snextstatement must
be truthful.
2 successes The subject must speak the truth

for the next minute.

The subject must speak the truth

for the next scene.

The subject must speak the truth
_until sunrise.

‘The subject must speak the truth for

aslongashe isin the user's presence.

Experience cost: 14
Characters with Dominate 4 and Presence 4 can
spend 14 additional experience points to learn Aura of

3 successes
4 successes

5 successes

Inescapable Truth. This extends the effect of True
Tongue to everyone in the user's presence

MET: The Scion makes a Static Social Challenge
(difficulty is the target's Willpower; retest with Leadership).
Like all uses of Dominate, the target must be of equal or lesser
generation than the character. For the next scene, the
target can speak only the truth as he knows it —no lies of
omission, no half-truths, just the facts (and that based on
what the target believes to be the truth). The target is not
compelled to actually talk, but if he does, he cannot lie

This power requires both Basic powers of Dominate,
both Basic powers of Presence and 14 Experience Traits
to learn. Scions who achieve both Intermediate powers
of Dominate and Presence, and spent another 14 Experi-
ence Traits may learn Aura of Inescapable Truth, which
extends the effect to everyone in the character's vicinity.

Sound of aBreaking Hath Ausper 4,
Dominate or Presence +

Betrayal is most often done in silence and shadows, but
some Cainites can hear betrayal and disloyalty on the wind
A vampire with this technique may know if any who have
sworn allegiance to him forswear their oaths. The knowl-
edge comes to the character like a distant sound of bells ot
breaking glass, or sometimes asa oul stench orachill up the
spine, but it is certain knowledge of betrayal, regardless.

System: Whenever one of the character's sworn
vassals, through word or deed, violates the letter of his


oath of fealty, the Storyteller should secretly roll the
character's Perception + Leadership, with a difficulty
equal to the oath-breaker's Willpower. The number of
successes determineshowmuch the character learns about
the oath-breaking:

1 success. The character knows that a vassal has
broken faith with him, but does not know
who, where, or how:

2 successes The character knows the whereabouts of

2 the oath-breaker, but no other details.
3 successes The character knows the identity and
whereabouts of the oath-breaker.
The character knows the oath-breaker's
identity, whereabouts, and in general what
sort of violation has been committed.
The character has a vision of the oath-
breaker forafew seconds after the violation
iscommitted.

4 successes

5 successes

Note that this technique provides no forewarning of
treachery or betrayal, nor does it sense disloyal thoughts,
only deeds. A vampire would receive no warning, for
example, if a previously faithful vassal suddenly plunged
astake into her heart, unless bringing such a weapon into
the vampire's presence constituted a violation of the
vassal's oath, in which case the vampire could learn of it
The technique only affects those who have sworn oaths
of fe
peers, or anyone else. It does affect thralls under the
effects of the character's Dominate or Presence Disci-
plines and those bound by the blood oath.

28

Ity or loyalty to the character, notallies, associates,

Experience cos

MET: With a successful Static Mental Challenge
(difficulty is the subject's Willpower, retest with Leader-
ship), the Scion knows if a sworn vassal has, through
word or deed, violated an oath to him. The Storyteller
may choose to make this challenge in secret and inform
the player of the result, or come to the Scion and ask for
the challenge. With success, the Scion knows that a
vassal has broken his word and knows where this hap-
pened, and little else. If the betrayal was particularly
grave (treachery that kills the Scion's mortal family or
reveals a battleplan that could kill hundreds is much
more serious than speaking ill of the Scion), the Scion
may receive more clues to the oath-breaker's identity at
Storytellerdiscretion. This providesno warningof treach-
ery or disloyal thoughts, only words or deeds in the
commission. This power affects only those who have
sworn oaths of vassalage or loyalty to the Scion, those
who are bound to him by blood oath, or those who are
under his Presence or Dominate powers. Peers, associates,
allies, servants ot those not bound by such means to the
Scion are not affected by this power

This power requires both Intermediate powers of
Auspex and both Intermediate powers of Dominate or
Preseince, plus a whopping 28 Experience Traits

hs Sar z=

Seah et nl hy OO

New Merits and Flaws

As with other Merits and Flaws, these are only
appropriate to be added to a character upon creation
Although some characters may acquire some Merits and
Flaws (particularly Flaws) in play, they are generally not
required to pay experience for them.

Noble Blood spt. Merit

You were born of anoble and honored family, andits
blood still runs in your veins, even altered by the curse of
Caine. Although you may have lost any title or lands
that were your due as a living heir, you retain your
heritage (and, perhaps, your family name). This reflects
favorably on you with those who place stock in good
breeding and hereditary nobility (as many people in the
Dark Medieval world do). You may also be of particular
interest to certain Scions, and to Ventrue with a taste for
noble blood. You receive a —I to all Social difficulties
when dealing with anyone who would be impressed by
your lineage, and toall Etiquette rolls concerning courtly
behavior in your native lands.

MET: You gain a one-Trait bonus in Social Chal-
lenges dealing with those impressed by your lineage, and
a free retest to Etiquette challenges in your native lands
(the second test results must stand, and this cannot be
used outside your own country).

Powerful Gage spt. Merit

You havea quality that makes your gaze forceful and
menacing. Those who meet your eyes must look away, or
else are captured, almost entranced, by your gaze. You
gain a-2 to the difficulties of all Social rolls where you
are able to make and maintain eye contact with the
person you are dealing with. This means being at fairly
close quarters (a few yards or less), and it only affects one

person at a time
MET: You gain a two-Trait bonus to Social Chal-
lenges when you can make and maintain eye contact

Powerful Liege 17 to spt. Merit

You serve a powerful and renowned liege-lord re-
spected (and likely feared) by many. This gives you a
measure of prestige in dealing with your liege's vassals and
peers, and others are likely to respect (and envy) your
position. As a one-point Merit, the liege is a renowned
baron or other local lord. Asa two-point Merit, your liege
is an influential prince or rising star among the nobility.
Asa three-point Merit, your liege is a powerful monarch
rulerofa vast domain, such as Mithras of London. Youare
probably required to wear the standard of yout lord promi-
nently, which announces you as his vassal to friend and
enemy alike. However, the more powerful your lord, the
less willing others are to attack you outright.

"on
SY

+ROAD-OF KINGS

parr peoecreeySantgppeeneronareesaynasngd


Noble VBearing zzpt. Wevit

Youhave the bearingand manner ofa true monarch,
no matter how low your station. You carry yourself with
grace and dignity, and your words ring with purpose and
passion. Reduce your difficulty on Social rolls by two in
any situation where your nobility can show through,
such asat court, or taking command on the field of battle
Your bearing is likely to draw attention to you, and ma
even earn you the enmity of the petty and jealous, or
those who believe you act above your station

MET: You gain a two-Trait bonus during Social
Challenges where you can impress others with your
nobility. This Merit does not mean you stomp around
with your chest puffed out shouting orders. Sometimes,
the greatest nobility shines quietly — stand up straight,
hold your head high, walk with dignity, raise your voice

only when necessary.

Devotion Fpt, Merit

You are devoted to a higher ideal or purpose, be it
loyalty, honor, duty, your sworn liege-lord, or your faith in
the Almighty. You draw greatstrength from your devotion,
giving you an automatic success on all Willpower rolls
(which can benegated bya"I" likeany othersuccess) where
your devotion is tested in some way. You must remain
absolutely true to your purpose in order to retain this Merit.
Ifyou falter or are found wanting, you lose it until you can
somehow redeem yourself and atone for your sins.

Destinedfor Greatness apt. Merit

You are meant for great things in your unlife. Des-
tiny has some special purpose in mind for you. This Merit
has the following effects:

* You are considered to have an extra dot of Status
when dealing with Cainites who believe in or recognize
your destiny as something special

* When confronted with a challenge that would
keep you from fulfilling your destiny, you can re-roll any
failed roll (including botches) and take the better of the
two results. You can do this up to three times per story,
but only when dealing with circumstances that would
prevent you from achieving your destiny in some way (in
the Storyteller's judgment).

* Once per story, when confronted with dire or
overwhelming circumstances, you can draw strength
from certain knowledge of your destiny and regain a
point of Willpower immediately, even if you have no
temporary Willpower left

Ac the Storyteller's discretion, there may be omens,
portents, or prophecies concerning you, and various sorts
of divinations may show your involvement in certain
events. There may also be forces out to thwart your
destiny, and circumstances will tend to conspire to ensure

ts mS ee ee
oh a On een NE a te ee AANA
13282 === + CHAPTER THREE + <=, Pee
pe PER pee = - ee wer

that you have the opportunity to fulfill it, so you will never
be able to lead a humble or isolated unlife:

MET: You gain the Status Trait Destined, which can
be used with Cainites who would recognize you or your
destiny as something special. When confronted with a
test that would keep you from fulfilling your destiny
(Storyteller discretion), you may retest any failed chal-

lenge and choose which results stand, up to three times
per story. Once per story, you can draw upon the certain
knowledge of your destiny and regain a Willpower Trait,
even if your Willpower is completely spent.

Onevous Vow 17 to pt, Flaw

You have swom a particular vow in the past (per-
haps against your better judgment, or even under false
pretenses) that you feel you must honor, even though it
isan inconvenience to you (perhaps even aserious one).
The value of this Flaw is based on how much trouble your
vow causes you. Fairly simple vows (like stopping to pray
at every church you pass, refusing to feed on certain
people, etc.) are worth one point. Vows that require
some risk (ike always protecting children in danger, or
always being the last to leave the field of battle) are
worth two points, while vows that regularly place you in
danger (feeding only on priests, attacking certain en-
emies on sight) are worth three points. Storytellers
should reduce the value of this Flaw (or disallow it
outright) for non-Scion characters, since they can more
easily violate their vow without suffering any conse-
quences (save perhaps for a twinge of conscience).

Gath-TLaker zzpt. Flaw, F for Scions

You have the unwise habit of swearing oaths too
quickly or without due thought, and you feel obligated to
fulfill those oaths, once rightfully sworn. This Flaw is
particularly common among idealistic and passionate
Cainite knights and Paladins of the Path of Chivalry, for
whom thought and deed are as one.

In practice, you can never simply agree to some-
thing, it must take the form ofa sacred oath. If you have
a task placed before you, then you swear on your blood
that it shall be done. If you express an opinion, you swear
an oath to upholdit to the last. If you see the opportunity
for a noble quest, you must seize it, and follow it to the
end. At the Storyteller's discretion, you can spend a
point of temporary Willpower to stave off this urge for
one instance, when absolutely necessary.

For followers of the Road of Kings, this is a three-
point Flaw, since breaking a sworn oath is a grievous sin
for them and requires a degeneration roll. A clever
enemy may trick you into swearing contradictory oaths,
so that you are forced to break one of them, and charac-
tets with this Flaw are particularly vulnerable to the
power of Fealty (Dominate 6).


Artifacts and Lerts

While many Scions scoff at the amount of time and
mortals (and some Cainites) waste in pursuit of
s" and "sacre ts," they do ad
eived to ha : pow
merely by perception. Likewise, while they won'tusuall
ascribe any magical or divine properties to a mi
Viziers especially recognize the virtues of

wisdom so that younger Scions may learn from it later
Artifacts

These itemsare legendary, and Scions trade:
heir existence and properties, as well as their location:
Where th artifacts might rest (and in who: ds), to

say nothing of whether these items function as described
here, if at all, is a decision left to the Storyteller

Deddartha's Chalice

Whether a simp up or a solid gold, jewel.
encrusted goblet, the Chalice of Veddartha appears in many
of the parables and legends that Scions tell of the First City
and the rise of Clan Ventrue. Supposedly, the Ventrue clan
founder drank
feasting directly from his veins, during his Embrace. Thisisan.
important detail — Veddartha evidently had the will and

rength, even after being drained of his life's blood, to r
a glass and choose to drink

blood from this cup, rather than

Whether or not the Chalice ever actuall
Ventrue Scions know the significance of "drinking fom
Ventrue's Chalice." The expression simply means tha
despite all odds, a particular Scion has the cour

re determination tosee things throu;
oath, finish a cam , or fight a duel. Of course, some
ans (notably Brujah) use the

, be it to fulfillan

ions of other
pression to mean "charging blindly ahead with no

thought for the consequences to oneself

aladin ur
he Holy Land, to "recover the Chalice from the Saracens."

Occasion

d its resting place
conclusive evidence that it exists. However, rumors

filter back to Europe from Egypt that the loathsome
Setites have a similar legend about a cup which theit

io one has ever di

noxious god spirited away from a mighty warrior while the
warrior was locked in combat. Most Scions think of this
tale as allegory at best, but some Viziers aren't so sure

Tyrant's Lash
Created by aT:
‘Tremere, the Tyrant'sLash isasimp 1
barb at the tip. In the hands of a powerful enough Scion,
however, it can break nearly anyone with a single stroke.
The La the pain of its
strokes and engenders a fee
weakness and help
it strikes a target. Anyone


struck by the Tyrant's Lash must roll Willpower (diffi-
culty 6, modified by the wielder's Aura; thus the difficulty
rises if the wielder's Road rating is higher than 7 and
drops if the rating is lower than 4). Success on this roll
means that the victim must soak damage as usual (the
Lash inflicts 3 dice of lethal damage) but suffers no
further ill effects. If the roll fails, the victim is immedi-
ately driven to his knees in pain and humiliation, and all
Willpower rolls for the remainder of the scene (includ-
ingany required by further lashings) increase in difficulty
by one. If the roll is a botch, the victim loses a dot of
permanent Willpower in addition to the above effects

When wielded by a non-Scion, the Lash has no
pecial properties. The Tyrant's Lash is currently in the
possession of an unknown Tzimisce warlord. Presum-
ably, a skilled koldun could create another such item if
properly instructed and motivated.

War Seal

Wax seals are commonly used to bind and sign
documents in the Dark Medieval. While custom forbids
breaking the seal on a document meant for someone
else's eyes, it does happen. However, any Scion of
sufficient progress on her road can create a seal that is
somewhat more resistant to prying eyes

The Scion simply drips a few drops of her vitae onto
the wax before applying the seal. The player then rolls
the character's Road rating (difficulty 7). Thereafter, if
anyone except the intended recipient of the letter at-
tempts to break the wax seal, she must roll Willpower
(difficulty 7) and gain more successes than the Scion did.
The would-be spy can attempt this as an extended
action, building up the courage to break the seal, but if
atany time she failsa Willpower roll, she must wait until
the following day (or night) to try again. While attempt-
ing to break the seal, the spy feels as though she is being
watched by a powerful being, and knows that she is
breaking a trust by trying to break the wax.

‘A Scion must have a Road rating of 8 or more to
create such a seal. If the Scion possesses the Sound of a
Breaking Oath Discipline technique (see page 73), the
breaking of a seal will trigger that power.

Lerts

Scion viziers and keepers make careful record of any
precedent and decision that could affect the road as a
whole. This section describes two such documents

The Empowerment of the Justicars

Only ahalf-dozen Cainitesthroughout Europe have even
<een this parchment, but that short list of names is enough to
make any vampire quail. If the rumors are tue, Mithras,
Hardestadt, Salianna, and Montano are among the venerable
Cainites who have read —and signed — the Empowerment.

This brief treatise speaks of the "need for Justice
among Scions" and the "right of rulers to be judged by
their equals." Italso outlines specific requirements for the
appointment of Justicars, what powers they wield, and
where they may practice. In particular, the document
states that only when a vampire is "suspected of a grave
crime against his subject, God, and Christendom" may a
Justicar supersede a Cainite in his own domain. Likewise,
unless a prince is under such suspicion, a Justicar may not
interfere with the duties of his vassals, including the
scourge or warmaster. However, a Justicar may call a
prince to trial, if enough evidence can be presented.

The Justicars, as stated elsewhere in this book, hold
little authority over non-Scion Cainites, but because so
many princes are Scions, other Cainites are well advised to
at least treat them deferentially. Whether a non-Scion
prince chooses to acknowledge a Justicar as anything other
than a trespassing vampire is up to the prince in question.

The Empowerment's true whereabouts are unknown,
but decoysare kept in the collections of many important
Scions. The overwhelming question about the Empow-
erment of the Justicars, though, isn't its location, but its
author. After all, so many illustrious Cainites would
never have signed the document, which has the poten-
tial to limit their power so, without a very good reason
So who, ask ashen priests of the Via Regalis, could
convince the great princes of Europe to empower the
Justicars? And what possible advantage could they gain?

The Letters of Acindynus

Centuries ago, a Roman Ventrue called Acindynus
began compiling information on Cainite princesand the
rights ofkings. Over time,as the Road of Kings solidified,
Acindynus' letters became more focused on the Via
Regalis' history and philosophy rather than the literal
practices of leadership and command. These more re-
cent letters still circulate among lettered Cainites of
many roads (a sample thereof can be found in Chapter
One). Those letters are fairly innocuous — a good
primer, perhaps, on the Road of Kings and good fodder
for debate, but containing no damaging information.

However, Acindynus has been writing his letters for
many years now, and the focus was not always so narrow.
In nights past, they included diatribes on everything
from daily (and nightly) life in Constantinople to
thoughts on the practical battlefield applications of the
various Disciplines of Caine. Acindynus has forgotten
much of what he wrote so many years ago, and it is
entirely possible that these older writings were all lost
during the sack of Constantinople. But then, Libraries of
the Forgotten (see Dark Ages Europe) in various parts
of Europe hold books and scrolls thought lost forever in
that disaster — perhaps part or all of the Letters of
Acindynus are among them.



HAPTER, ROUR:
KINGS AND
COUNSELORS

Kings and counselors of the earth, which built desolate

palac r themselves.

— Job 3:14

The Road of Kings offers a wide variety of different character types
to choose from. The templates in this chapter are only a sampling of the
many different Scions abroad in the Dark Medieval world, but give some
idea of the range of possibilities. Some characters are likely to travel and
see the world, while others have responsibilities that keep them close to
a particular domain (perhaps even their own).

These templates are balanced starting characters for Dark Ages:
Vampire. Players can use them as inspiration for their own Scion
n use the templates as ready-made

characters, while
contacts, allies, or antagonists for their stories.

Storytellers ¢:


BARBARIAN CHhIERTAIN

Quote: Your word may be law in your manor, but this is my land. Watch your tongue,

if you want to keep it.

Prelude: Your life was a hard one, but no more so
than your death. You fought and struggled as your

ancestors did, went on raids with the other men of
your village, and returned with spoils. You ,
learned to fish, to hunt, and most of all to
fight, in order to survive. You also learned to

there were whispers about what you had become. It was
only a matter of time before the old chieftain

became afraid of you
/° and tried to kill you,
but he sorely undere

timated your strength,
spect the authority of your elders, enforced
with a strong backhand.

and your kinship with
beasts; his last mistake. You

displayed his head on a poleasa
reminder of what would happen to
anyone else who made the same
error. Now the warriors of your

house grow strong on the drink

It was while hunting that you first dis-
covered what it felt like to be hunted
instead. You fled and the hunter pursued
you. You turned to fight and he over-
came you as easily as you might have
dealt with a child, Then you were his.
He later told you that he respected you
more than any other prey he had
hunted in quite some time, which was
why, when he'd slaked his thirst from
you, he gave back some of what he
took from you, and brought you into

you give them and your raids
more successful. You will be a
great chief, so long as you re-

main strong.

Concept: You see to the
needs of your village and your
peopl

strong and prosperous. You've en-

ensuring that they will be

his tribe.

cou
ensure that your warriors outmatch
any others. Few mortals can stand
against you, but you know the
others of your kind in the world
Many of them are powerful lords and
even kings (oradvisors to kings), and
crossing them could be dangerous
You doubt that these lords have the

d more raidingand helpedto

Newstrength flooded your limbs
like never before, and the bloody
frenzy of the fiercest warrior paled in
comparison to yours. Your fame
spread among your tribe quickly
enough, although

re

courage to face you in your home, but

youmight travel tomeet them first, just
to make sure th
notion of invading y

don't entertain the

‘our lands.

Roleplaying Hints: You rule
with an iron hand, but you treat those
aitly. Those who
serve you well and brave
ored and rewarded with your favor.
Those who defy or seek to betray you
rarely live long enough to regret
their mistakes

under your rule

re hon-

Equipment: Battleaxe,
lightarmor, bearskin cloak


ark

VAMPIETS

Nature: Barbarian
Demednor: Autocrat
Clan:Gangrel

Genevation:12th
Concept: Barbarian Chieftain
Haven:

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength__"e@ee0000
Dexterity__ @ @®00000
Stamina @@@00000

Talents
Alertness__@@000000
Athletics____@@000000

i Brawl @@000000

@@000000
00000000
E 00000000
Intimidation__@ @@00000
Leadership__e@@e00000
00000000
00000000

Social

Charisma____@ @ ®00000
Manipulation_e @000000
Appearance__@®000000

ee

~_ ABIEICIES

Skills
Animal Ken_@@000000
Archery___90 0000000
Commerce__9 09000000
Crafts___990000000
Etiquette___9 0000000
Melee__@e@e00000
Performance_9 90000000
Ride_____eo0000000
Stealth___e 0000000
Survival, e@000000

Academics____9 0000000

Hearth Wisdom_@@@00000

Investigation___90 0000000

__ Mental
Perception, @@@00000
Intelligence__@@®000000

Wits.

00000

Knowledges

Law, O0000000
Linguistics____@0000000
Medicine. —®0000000
Occult, 00000000
Politics. 00000000
Seneschal____9 0000000
Theology _____0 0000000

Disciplines sie vielen Virtues
Animalism _@0000000 Domain e 90000 Conseience/Conviction @ @ @ 00
Fortitude @000000_ Herd OO00000
Protean __ @OO000000 Influence __@ 0000000  Self-Control/fnstinet © @ @ @ 0
00000000 _ Retainers @00000
00000000 00000000 Courage. ° e
== OtherTraits Road Health
00000000 Kings Bruised
00000000 Hurt -l
00000000 @eeeeaeeee0o0ood Injured 4
00000000 Aura;___Command _( 0) Wounded 2 O
90000000 ' Mauled 2
00000000 Willpower Crippled -5
00000000 @e@e@eee00000 Incapacitated
00000000
[ ] oO
00000000 5 ausiaie == _ Weakness
00000000 ei gh in auival corre
00000000 OOOOOOaeL ‘ = eepenionce

900000000

goqgga

@OURTLY LADY

Quote: Your attentions flatter me, good sir. Perhaps we could meet later tonight, that you might recite

another poem for me?

Prelude: Nobility is a strange thing. You never quite Concept: A woman on the Path of Chivalry, you
understood what it meant to be noble — members of your embody the notion of the courtly lady; chaste, beautiful,
father's court and even your family and willing to sponsor brave knights who undertake quests
taught you only how to be beauti- = in your name. Other Scions might underestimate you, but
ful. And oh, how word of your your confidence and subtle manipulation can carry you
beauty spread. Your father and just as far as their dominance and command does them.
brothers fairly had to You miss your sire, away on Crusade, and sometimes
fight off suitors, but consider undertaking quest of your own tofollow
one in particular him. After all, so many other gender roles are
would not be different in the world of Cainites — why
stopped. He always should you sit in a room while others do your
arrived after dark — work for you?
most improper — but
something in his eyes cap-
tured you. Here, finally, was
something whose beauty (and there-
fore worthine:

Roleplaying Hints: While youwere
still very much an innocent young
lady after your
learning quickly that"innocence"
isa fine front, but a poor reality
Other Cainites are evil and dis-
honest, and only Paladins and
possibly the Faithful may
truly be trusted. However,
that does not exempt
taal you from your

duties as a

Embrace, you're

matched your own,
and you agreed to meet him in secret

lar basis, listening to his stories of far-off lands
and how the Holy Land looked almost peace-

ful at night. This continued for nearly a year,
and then one day while ridingaa rock flew up and
struck your face. The cut it made was barely
noticeable, but your secret companion seemed
horrified that anything might mar your beauty.
He then offered to make
your beauty everlast-
ing, if you would
only consent.

Before long you were meeting on a regu]
\

Scion. Perhaps
you might lead
by example, or

even sponsor

neonates as
well as
mortal
knights, if
in so doing
you — might

spread the beauty of courtly love to
the nocturnal world, You are un-
comfortable around unattractive or
monstrous-looking vampires; theno
tions of "beauty" and "godliness" are

Once again,
you didn't know
exactly what you
were in for, but
youfeltyoucould
refuse him noth-
ing. And so he led
you into his world

nearly synonymous to you.
Equipment: Fine clothes, per-
sonal attendant, letter from sire

ee ht lime gO

+ROAD OF THE BEAST -


f
;

ark

VAMMESO

Name: Nature: Defender Generation: 11th
Player: Demeanor: Gallant Concept: Courtly Lady
Chronicle: Clan: Toreador Haven:
——~ BA. _4}
we >_ ACTRIBUTES _.,
Physical Social _ Mental
Strength. @@00000 Charisma 00000 Perception__e@®000000
Dexterity. @@0@00000 Manipulation_ee@000000 _Intelligence__@#000000
Stamina ee 0000. Appearance__e 00000 Wits @@000000
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertnes____@oQ000000 AnimalKen_gqg000000 Academics @@000000
Athletics____@o0000000 Archery___0 0000000 Hearth Wisdom_@ 90000000
Brawl. 00000000 Commerce__990000000 Investigation __9 0000000
Dodge. 00000000. Crafts____eeoooooo |aw 00000000
Empathy. 00000000 _ Etiquette__ee@eeoooo0o Linguistics___e@0000000
Expression___@@000000 Melee____d 0000000 Medicine, 00000000
Intimidation__@o000000  Performance_gg000000 Occult 00000000
Leadership, 000000 Ride____eeocooo0o Politics 000000
Legerdemain__g 9000000 _ Stealth. 00000000 Seneschal___ee000000
Subterfuge __e@e000000 Survival___oo000000 Theology____eo000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
‘Auspex @@000000_ Generation "@0000000 cele
Celerity @0000000_ Mentor @000000 Conscience! #0900
Presence @@000000_ Resources @@000000  Self-Controlfastinet_e@ eo
O0000000 OO0000000
OO0000000 00000000 Courage____ @eee0
== OtherTraits Road Health
rooawtes Kings (Chivalry) Bruised
O0000000 H
rt -l
00000000 88 @eeee800 Tajueed i
©0000000 _— Aura:__Command _( 1) Wounded 2
00000000 Mauled 2
00000000 Willpower Crippled 5 0
DOCOCCWoRe@ e@e@e000000 Incapacitated a

00000000
00000000

00000000
he. ae
00000000

Weakness
aptured by Beauty

Experience

Quote: You will find nothing like it in all Christendom! My wares come from the

the world, and there is nothing | cannot acquire, ifthe price

Prelude: A life of travel and trade was what the goods you have to offer. There is power in the bargain,

you wanted when you left home to seek =... and soon the haughty nobility will owe you a great
ss Paes mn e Y

your fortune. You got far more than = We deal indeed.
you bargained for. You worked on ff je ;
trading caravans and ships and
you've seen far-off lands all along
the Mediterranean, past the Straits of"
Gibraltar, and along the coast of Africa,
You learned the trade from hard men
who worked at it all their lives, and:
scraped together your coins for the
day when you would sponsor your
own ventures and make your fortune.

Concept: Youdonot travel quite as widely

as you did in your youth, but you still must go
wherever business opportunities beckon. You
are a merchant of some standing and influ
ence now, with wealth enough for many
men, although not nearly enough
for you. The wealth is only a
} part of your overall plan to
@y acquire influence through-
{#. out the courts of Europe
E> selling rare goods, services,
and information to these
able to afford your prices. OF
tenyou're willing to provide favors
‘« ff and give away services for free,
SS" knowing that such investments may
return to you a hundred-fold,
Sy when cultivated properly.

It was in Alexandria that you
encountered her, the mysterious
woman who spoke to you so sweetly
that you gladly spent hours with her.
She seemed fascinated by your fam-
ily history, the places you'd been,
and particularly your red hair. You
saw her again twice more before |}
you were supposed to leave Alex-
andria, but that departure never
happened. Instead your tryst
turned intoyourlastmomentsof (4? | ©
life as she drained the blood #
from your veins, then opened
her own for your first taste of 4
immortality

é Roleplaying Hints:
(GF You ably play whatever role
the situation calls for. Normally,
you're the affable merchant, able
tocharm noble hosts with tales
of your many travels and ad-
ventures. Other times you're the
stern but fair master, giving your ser-
vants their orders and keeping things
;, running smoothly. You can be humble
with the haughty and overbear the meek,
as needed to further your cause. All that
really matters is closing the deal and
securing another success,

Since that night you've
learnedagreatdeal, not the least
of which are the benefits of 4
diablerie, when you gave your
sire a taste of what she'd given
you. You broke away from the
pagan teachings of her clan "|
and returned to the business
you knew well: Trade. With "J
newfound wealth and influ-
ence, you have built a
business for yourself and
found others of your
kind willing topay for

whatever it takes.

Equipment: Fine
clothing (suitable
for the social ¢

ae

sion), discreetly

worn dagger, purse

full of coin, small

trinkets.


te
VAMPIEEO

Nature: Celebrant Generation: 9th

Demeanor: Gallant Concept: Wealthy Merchant
Clan: Followers of Set Haven:

Seas iss __ Mental
Charisma____ 0000 Perception__ee@@®00000
Manipulation__t 0000 _Intelligence__e@®000000
Appearance__ 00000. Wits @@e@00000

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:
Phy: sical
Strength "@ ®000000
Dexterity__@ @000000
Stamina, @000000
Talents
Alertness____@@000000
Athletics___9 9000000
00000000
00000000
@@000000
i @@®000000

Intimidation__9 0000000
 Leadership___ @@000000
egerdemain__@ @000000

‘Skalle. Knowledges
AnimalKen_9 90000000 Academics___@@000000
Archery__90000000 Hearth Wisdom_9 0000000
Commerce__9 0000000 !nvestigation__@@e@00000
Crafts, 00000000 Law_______00000000
Etiquette__@eoo00000 Linguistics___eeo000000
Melee. @0000000 Medicine____o9 0000000
Performance_gQgQ000000 Occult_____o0 0000000
Ride___eoo000000 Politics_____eoo00000
Stealth, e@0000000 Seneschal___@ 0000000
Survival___990000000 Theology____o9000000

Disciplines } Backgrounds Virtues
Obfuscate @@O000000 Contacts ae i
_ Presence @@000000_ Generation ‘Conuiction-© @. 98.0
Serpentis 00000000 __ Influence Self-Control/astinct_@ @ @ 00
OCO0000000_ Resources
00000000 _ Retainers Courage @00e0
== Other Traits Road Health
900 ° . 8 5 5 Kings (Merchant Bruised
000
G0000000 @@@@e@e@@000 bay 1
00000000 Aura:___Command__( 0) Wounded 2 O
DOVO0010.0 | Mauled 20
00000000, —— Willpower ——= Crippled 5 0
00000000 e@e@aeee0000 Incapacitated oO
00000000 oO gd
90000000 === Foy Pool Weakness
900000000 e damage from sunlight
coooo00 OOOO Experience
Boa

000000


MOTHER SUPERIOR

Quote: Tonight we shall hold a midnight vigil for all:tho
do not wish to be disturbed.

lain in the Holy Land. Tomorrow, therefore,

Prelude: Your father despaired when you, another mouth, not yours — you aren't ready to
daughter, were born. You were told as a child that you jc 3
would never marry, and would be sent off to a nunnery as
soon as possible. You quietly and bitterly resigned yourself
to this fate, and when the time came, you left without

saying goodbye.

assume command directly yet. Your con-
vent mightact asa way-station fortraveling
nites, a power base, or even a sourceat

vitae, depending on your current needs
Thus far, no one has tried to
take it from you, but if they
do, they will find that
God and his faithful

are on your side.

You were quite studious as a holy sister, and devel-
oped the skills required to keep the nunnery running
smoothly from day to day. While your superiors simply
saw this as good managerial skills, the truth was that
you had no desire to leave the convent. Your family
had consigned you to this place, and you spitefully
resolved never to leave.

Roleplaying
Hints: You'venever
stopped to decide

howmuch faithyou
actually have in
the Church, or

One night, unable tosleep, you wandered the halls
and discovered a man lurking in
an empty cell. You tried to
scream an alarm, but unseen aes ; ‘he : even God. You
hands pulled you towards him. He knew from a
demanded help in eluding pursuers, young age that
whom he claimed would arrive the follow- your life was to
ingnight and search the place with or without be spent in the
the sisters' consent. clergy, and since
the decision wasnt
yours, what choice
did you have but to
believe? You are
slowly adjusting to
having any real measure

of power, and it hasnt
quite sunk in that other
Cainites would quite likely
wish to take that power from
you. However, when push

You really had no choice but tohelphim—
he obviously would have killed you otherwise
but on some level, you enjoyed the challenge of
sending the sisters into the nearby towns to
muster upall the youngmen they could toprotect
Your strange
" was duly impressed, ded that the
a woman like you.

the convent from foreign invade

"gues
Magisters could us:

The Embrace was horrifying, but once it was
done and your sire explained his reasons, you actu-
ally felt somewhat flattered. No one had ever needed.
you before, after all.

prise everyone (including
yourself) with your leadership
and tactical skills,

Concept: You aren't actually the mother superior,
but her second-in-command. You make all the real deci-
sionsabout the convent, but
therulingscome from her

Equipment: Nun's
habit, crucifix


Dvaurieso

| Name: Nature: Tudge Generation: 12th
Player: Demeanor: Penitent Concept: Mother Superior
Chronicle: Clan: Lasombra paves

Physical
Strength___"@@000000_ Charisma___. 00000 Perception.
Dexterity___@@®000000 Manipulation, @0000 _Intelligence__.
Stamina____@@0O00000 _ Appearance__ i

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness____@@o000000 AnimalKen_gqgq00000 Academics. e@e@000000
Athletics____9 9000000 _ Archery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom_@go000000
Baw 90000000 Commerce__99000000 Investigation__@@000000

00000000. Crafts____oo0000000 law______00000000
0000000 _ Etiquette__e@e@o00000 Linguistics___eeo00000
—e0000000 Melee____o 9000000 Medicinek____od9000000
Intimidation» 0000000 Performance_goo000000 Occult.
Leadership _@@o00000 Ride_____gdo0000000 Politics_____.
Legerdemain 99000000 Stealth___eeoo0000 Seneschal___eoo00000
terfuge__@e@000000 Survival___09000000_ Theology____@e@00000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

_ Dominate @@000000 _ Contacts @000000 SG . mi
" Obtenebration@@®OO0O0000 Influence e@00000 (Conviction ®@@ 00

Potence 00000000 __ Domain @000000  Self-Controlasinct @@@@0
00000000 _ Status @0000000
00000000 ___ 00000000 Courage______@@@eo0
== Other Traits Road Health
00000000 Kings Bruised
Bo onoOD eeeeeee00no Hurt i
Injured -l
00000000 _ Aura:___Command ( 0) Wounded 2
OO eC Cee ‘ gue Mauled 2
00000000 Willpower Crippled 5
90000000 @@@e@800000 Incapacitated
00000000
00000000 Bo oe O Weakness =
a 00000000 i  . gGasts No Reflection
‘aa oooooo00 DOOOOOD ! : Exgenonce

00000000

RUINED NOBLE

Quote: | will not be denied my destiny.

te

Prelude: Your future wasordained was impressed with your ambition, but that you had o
stepped your boundaries too fast. However, with his
guidance, you could retake it all, and more besides

from the moment of your birth and "}
you have always known that it is
yourdestiny torule. Bor of noble

blood, you were raised and
taughtall the things you
would need to know
in order to rule

your lands well

You — learned

swordplay andstrat-
egy, how to ride, hunt, and
hawk, how to behave at

court before your bet-
ters, and how to deal
with yourinferiors. You
looked forward to the
day when you became
lord of the manor, but
until then little was de-

Though it has cost you your lands, your family
and now even your soul, your ambition will notbe
denied. Your destiny is truly at hand

Concept: A good leader in peacetime,
you truly excel on the battlefield. Now that
you have eternity and the powers of Caine
on your side, you need allies. You see no
shame in asking for help and in promising
a portion of the spoils, but make no mis:
take: Your lands will be yours again.
You do not wish to gain power by
trickery and manipulation, but if
thatis the only way for Cainitesto

ye

pes

i
ys

ascend, so be it.
Roleplaying Hints: You
have taken to the Road of
Kings with a vengeance,
and wish to fully under
stand its mysteries in order'
to realize your destiny and
forge your own king
dom. You feel, at
times, that your sire
and liege is only hue
moring you and has no
intention of helping you:
reclaim your birthright,
but if so, you are justi
fied in risingup against
him some night. You
trulyhopeit doesnot
come to that, how
ever — in aperfect
world, all would
A recognize their
places in the feu-

nied you.

Your inheritance 4
did nothing to settle the
fire in your blood. Your ™
lands were not sufficient
foryouand youwanted more, *
so you looked to the lands of ||
yourneighbors, andmade war
upon them to claim their ter-
ritoryas your own. You forged
alliances when necessary and
pressed your advantages, ex-
panding your holdings and
spreading your reputation across
the kingdom.

Itcouldn'tlast. The other nobles
in the lands bordering yours rose up,
banded together, and took your hold-
ings. They killed most of your

family and drove out the rest s dal hierarchy as you recognize yours. You.
You managed to escape, but aes plan s6/make charwerlle

your spirit was crushed. You

were preparing to fall on your sword
when he found you. The knight told you he

Equipment: Broadsword and
chain armor, horse, half-finished
coat of

rms.

Ses Re eee ree pe er aa


Name:

Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength,

Dexterity.
Stamina.

Talents
Alertness____@@000000
Athletics. @000000
O000000
@@000000
00000000

000000
Lea @00000
Legerdemain__4 0000000
subterfuge_@@000000

Demeanor: Defender

Daunte

Nature:

Autocrat

Clan: Ventrue

@00000_ Charisma.
@00000 Manipulation_e@ee00000
@@@00000 Appearance__@@@00000 Wits

Social 3
@e@e@e@000o Perception__e@®000000

Intelligence__@®000000

Generation: 12th

Concept: Ruined Noble
Haven:

Mental

@@000000

Skills Knowledges
Animal Ken_@9000000 Academics___@0000000
Archery__@@000000 Hearth Wisdom_g 000000
Commerce__9 0000000 _Investigation__@o0000000
Crafts____o0o0000000 Law. @0000000
Etiquette___ @0 000000 Linguistics, 00000000
Melee____ 00000 Medicine____0 0000000
Performance_Q 9000000 Occult_____d0000000
Ride___eeoooo0o0o Politics @@000000
Stealth, 00000000 Seneschal___d0000000
Survival e0000000 Theology____d 0000000

: Backgrounds Virtues
e 000000 Mentor @0000000
Fortitude 00000000 Resources ee @00000 "meereeLanviction @ @ #00
Presence @@000000_ Status @0000000  Self-Control/astinee © @ @@0
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 _ Courage. ee0e0
== Other Traits Road Health
eoeeeee00no Hurt ak
00000000 jared 4
©0000000_— Aura:___Command__( 0) Wounded 22
: 00000000 Mauled 2
00000000 Willpower Crippled 5
peoopoomw eeeee00000 Incapacitated
00000000
{EI
00000000 oD = Weakness
00000000 Feeding Restriction

OOoOooOo0oo0o8o

Experience

IRON. MISTRESS

Quote: Perhaps | hadn't made myself quite clear when last | told you what the tribute would be. Or did you

think | could not enforce my laws? In either case, you have failed to of ute, which is tantamount to

treason, and you know the punishment for treason...would someone kindly stop him screaming like that?

Prelude: There are places where the law Sy Your sire sunk into torpor shortly

does not reach. Places where unclean things after your Embrace, and the vil-
tule the nights as lords and masters, and lage has a new mistress now.
neither the Church nor any far-off king

can offer succor. You know, because

Concept: You rule in the

name of your torpid sire, and are
determined to measure up to his
standards. That me:
when necessary (and often when
not), and make examples of anyone

you grew up in such a plac
The lord of your village de
mandedeveryseconddaughter
as tribute. When the girls
reached their fifteenth winter,
they were tuned over to his men
and taken to his keep. No one in the
village knew what happened when
they gotthere, but they werenever
seenagain. Once, youaskedwhat _/

happened ifa family refused. No
one answered, but the oldest fa
crossed themselves and mut-

tered something about "old
Yuri." You didn't bother ask- J

ns youarecruel

who disobeys, tries to fl
questions your authority. You under
stand that when your sire awa

or event

he expects to take his land bad
and that means you manele
have to fighthim, moveonand
\ find your own territory, or ace
E cept -second-in-commm

Wf) status. You aren't sure whichof

J. those choices is the most dis-
tasteful. Perhapsif youhadallies,

you would be better prepared.

ing again.

Roleplaying Hin
were simply a girl with
enough will to fight back, and
SQ). theewill has not abated. Whe
\F youhave gained much wisi
jf inthe yearssince yourEmbrace,

=F you were little more thanachild
at the time, and occasionally that

When your fifteenth winter

came around, youdecided you would ~
bedamned before you'd submit ro
some fearful lord you'd never
seen. You were one of five girls
collected that night, but you
smuggled several knivesalong with
you. Youhad to browbeat the girls into
helping, but with your leaders
slew the man who drove the coach
and set off towards the keep. The
other girls wanted to flee. You
wanted to see the lord for your-
self and end his grip of fear.

naiveté shows through (though woe
be to anyone who treats you likea
child!). Sometimes, you wonderif
the cruelty you
rally or ifitcame with the vitaeof

hip, you

comes natu

\\; your sire, but then, you mur
| dered the coachman so easily

onthenightofyour

You found the lord that
night. The other gic!
gone. But you impressed him,
and now you understand trib
ute and the right of kings. ¢&

are Embrace...

N)
\ Fine cloth
ul hounds,

Equipm

ing, sword,

torture devices.

mS ROAD OF THE BEZ

VAMPIRES

Generation: 11th

Concept: Tron Mistress
Haven:

Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Monster
Clan: Tzimisce

"Social
Charisma.

Appearance__<

@@000000
@e000000
@@000000

Mental
Perception, @@@00000
Intelligence__@ @@ 00000
Wits, @@@e@0000

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength___* 00000
Dexterity___

Stamina, @@000000

Talents
Alertness, @@000000
Athletics__69 0000000
Bawls _@e@000000

00000000
OO0000000
OO0000000
@00000
o0o00000

'—O00000000
——O00000000

Skills

Animal Ken_@@000000
Archery___@@000000
Commerce__9 09000000
Crafts____00000000
Etiquette___@0000000
Melee__@ee00000
Performance_9 0000000
Ride_____ee000000
Stealth____eeo000000
Survival.

o000000

Knowledges

Academics___@ 0000000
Hearth Wisdom_@o0000000
Investigation__9d 90000000
Law @0000000
Linguistics___@0000000
Medicine_____9 0000000
Occult______eo0000000
Politics 00000000
Seneschal____9 90000000
Theology ____90 0000000

Disciplines ‘ Backgrounds Virtues
Panini © 0000000 omain @@000000 PF 7
Auspex @0000000_ Herd @0000000 S*eeeeConviction © @@00
Vicissitude _@@O0O00000 Influence @0000000  Self-Control/Instince @ @ @00
00000000 _ Retainers @0000000
00000000 00000000 Courage. @0e00
=== Other Traits Road Health
OO O00 00 5 4 ixingstCTyrantD aes Bruised oO
Soopooog © 8 @S80000 Hurt 10
Injured -l
00000000 Aura: Command ( 0) Wounded 2
00000 0C' Mauled 2
00000000, —— Willpower Gtippled 5
COOO DOI e® © © 8000000 Incapacitated
00000000 Ay o
00000000 = __— Weakness
00000000 Blood Pos] -Milst sleep in native earth
ae is

00000000

OO000008o0

Experience

paar

emer

NOTEWORTHY SCIONS

Every Scion is a leader to some degree. Some are
brutal tyrants, some secretive counselors, but all con
sider themselves worthy of being looked to for guidance
However, they also respect those more advanced on the
road than they are, and the greatest Scions in Europe are
the subjects of beautiful ballads...and midnight plots
Although there are numerous Scions throughout Europe
worthy of the name, some are particularly active in the
affairs of the modern nights and in the War of Princes, of
interest to Storytellers and players alike. Players might
consider these characters as possible overlords whose
interests they might represent, or perhaps rivals to their

own concerns.

MITHRAS, LORD OF LONDON.

4th generation Ventrue, childe of Veddartha

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1258 BC

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Once, before even the first stones of Rome were laid,
the man now called Mithras was a soldier in the army of
a king whose name and lands have been long since
forgotten. He was sent into the mountains to root out a
rebellion against his lord. The rebels had clever leader-
ship, so it took many days of tense and bloody fighting
before Mithras could overcome them and return with the

een

——
+RC

heads of the rebel leaders — all save one, who escaped in
the confusion.

That night, following a victory celebration, Mithras
received a visitor — the rebel leader who escaped,
Although he tried, Mithras could neither move nor cry

out, paralyzed by the stranger's mere presence. But the

rebel leader was not vengeful, merely intrigued by the
skill and cunning with which Mithras overcame his
forces. The rebels were nothing but pawns meant to be
sacrificed, but Mithras was something more. So the
stranger offered him a choice: Immortality and great
power or a quick and painless death then and there. For
Mithras, there was no real choice

Mithras remained with his mentor for a few years,
xxistence. Then he and some
companions returned to one of the outlying cities of the
kingdom Mithras once served. It was a small matter to
convince the simple people there that they hosted gods

learning more about his ne

Soon there were temples honoring Mithras and his fellows
and sacrifices readily offered to them. Mithras helped to
conquer his former homeland, then extend its poweras the
centuries passed by

Eventually, Mithras' kingdom was conquered in
turn by a greater power, an empire to the west. Its
soldiers impressed Mithras, disciplined and well-trained,
with the finest weapons and clever generals. These
Romans, Mithras decided, were definitely of interest to
him. Mithras followed the soldiers back to their great
city of the seven hills. Ever the soldier and leader of
soldiers, he spread his worship through the ranks. Soon
temples to Mithras could be found throughout
empire. He never lacked for followers to do his bidding

or sacrifices to slake his thirst

Mithras was most interested in the happenings on the
frontiers of the empire, not in the decadent life in Rome,s0
he traveled far and wide in the company of Roman soldiers,
eventually coming to a chilly isle at the edge of the known
world. The Romans fought to conquer it, but the inhabit
ants of the isle resisted them. Mithras advised his soldiers
and played out the battles like vast and complex games
There were few other vampires tochallenge Mithras, which
was as he preferred it. In time the Britons were subduedand
Roman rule secured

The Roman Empire fell in time, as all empiresdo. Its
soldiers left Britain and Mithras lost interest in their
doings and the petty battles of the warlords and tribesleft
in their wake. He tired of the world and sank deep into
the earth to rest.

Centuries later, he was awakened by the sounds of
battle, when foreigners came to the land and conquered
itin AD 1066. Mithras took an interest in these Norman
conquerors and their new kingdoms. He spent some
time observing them before deciding to exert his influ-
ence once more. Finding that his cult had long since

‘AD OF KINGS


died out, he reestablished it, only to have his first new
temple destroyed by priests who worshipped another
dead and resurrected god, backed by other lords of
Mithras' kind. Here was a true challenge for one of his
power and skill

So Mithras worked subtly, recreating his cult of
mortal followers, and learning all that he could of the
new Cainite lords of Britain. He immediately saw
potential in the childer of these lords and princes,
who chafed at the idea of eternal servitude with no
chance for advancement
many of these Cainites, and began setting the princes
of Britain against each other. It took well over a
century, but the time seemed to pass quickly for
Mithras, engrossed in his new conquest. Eventually,
he destroyed the last of the princes who opposed him
and claimed control of the whole of England, with
London as the seat of his power

He forged alliances with

Although he paused fora time to consolidate his gains,
Mithras grew restless and has turned his eyes toward new
challenges. First, he seeks control over the whole of "his"
island, so he has begun extending his influence north into
Scotland, encountering resistance from the Lupines as well
as the local Cainite lords.

The other matters that have begun to concern Mithras
involve young upstarts in his own realm, mostly from the
Low Clans, and the presence of a Tremere chantry in his
realm. Although he would never admit it (even to himself),
the tales of how the Tremere gained their power chill
Mithras to the bone, and he sometimes has nightmares of
being sacrificed and consumed by his followers, like the
sacred bull in his cult's rituals.

ETIENNE OF POITOU

5th generation Toreador, childe of Nicholasthe Younger
Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Conniver

Embrace: AD 1098

Apparent Age: Late teens

King Etienne of Poitou is an anomaly in a number of
ways. He is the only male ruler of the Courts of Love
(besides the Ventrue Prince of Paris, Geoffrey). He is
young, Embraced at the tender age of 17. Quite aside from
leading an unlife of daring adventure, like a chivalrous
knight, he excels at poetry and wordplay. On the whole, he
was considered amusing and ultimately not worthy of
consideration...until he framed and deposed Queen
Esclarmonde the Black.

Esclarmonde, once the Queen of Toulouse and a
vassal of Salianna of France, was suddenly discovered to
be consorting with Lasombra Cainites from the Sea of
Shadows in order to increase her own holdings. Specifi-
cally, Lucita of Aragon was discovered on her lands

and, according to the evidence Etienne produced, the
young Magister was heard to be mustering Cainite
forces to take domain from the vampires of Iberia,
allowing Esclarmonde to break from the Courts of Love
and become a power unto herself. The evidence was
spurious, but Etienne presented it to the court in Paris
with such unparalleled skill and eloquence that then-
prince Alexander sent for Esclarmonde, so that she
could answer the charges herself. However, the Queen
of Toulouse sent only a messenger (reportedly out of
fear of assassination) and she was summarily banned
from the Courts of Love.

Esclarmonde continues to resist, but Etienne is
patient. His true goals remain to be seen, however. His
lands lie far enough from Esclarmonde's that he doesn't
stand to gain much, even in the event of her destruc-
tion. Salianna would likely choose a new Queen in any
event, rather than grant further lands and power to
Etienne, simply in the interest of maintaining balance.
Yainite observers note that Etienne receives

Some
visitors from nearby Bordeaux (a fief of Mithras)
wonder if the move against Esclarmonde might not
have been the opening gambit in a far greater maneu-
ver, one that might wreak untold havoc on the Courts
of Love

and

For his part, the young King remains in Poitiers and
plays the role of the Toreador arts patron, protecting the
pilgrim routes, patiently waiting for his plans to come to
fruition. Among the chivalrous Cainites of the Courts of
Love, Etienne may well be a truly dangerous Scion.

LORD JURGEN

6th generation Ventrue, childe of Hardestadt

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 989

Apparent Age: mid-30s

The daring and clever Lord Jiirgen is one of the rising
stars of the courts of Europe, a Scion to be watched — and
feared — in the coming years

Of noble birth, Jiirgen took to his station naturally,
with a burning ambition to achieve greatness. His sharp
intellect, forceful presence, and dashing good looks com-
bined to make Jiirgen a man to be reckoned with. Once
he came into his inheritance, he quickly set about ex-
panding his power by making war on his neighbors and
rival lords with a will

Mostexpected the young upstart would be crushed, but
to their surprise, Jargen not only scored many victories, but
showed considerable savvy in adding new lands to his own
and gaining the support of his new subjects. He proved as
that

cunning in courtas on the battlefield, sealing alliance
allowed him to pursue his enemies without having to worry
about guarding his back. With each victory, Jiirgen sought
a greater challenge and his reputation grew, until he drew
the attention of Hardestadt, lord of quiteadifferentdomain
in the Holy Roman Empire.

Lord Hardestade arranged to meet this daring Lord
Jiirgen, and eventually revealed his true nature to him and

told him of the Cainite courts of Europe. Rather than
frightening him, the prospects of immortality and conquest
‘on such a grand scale inflamed Jiirgen's ambitions to new
heights. He wanted the power and opportunities that
Hardestadt told him of, and he told the Ventrue magistrate
this. Hardestadt was pleased and granted Lord Jiirgen the
Embrace, taking him as his protégé. Jiirgen proved an apt
pupil anda very useful vassal, helping expand the bordersof
Hardestadt's vast domain.

In time, Jiingen grew restive, and his sire recogn
that his protégé's ambitions could not be leashed forever.
So Hardestadt granted Jiirgen a small domain of his own
and the right to expand it, in exchange for further oaths
of fealty and service from his childe, of course. This at last
was the opportunity Jiirgen had waited for, to test himself
against opponents worthy of his mettle. He struggled for
many years on the harsh eastern borders of the Holy
Roman Empire, taking territory for himself and carving
out a domain. With the western Empire firmly in the grip
of Hardestadt and various other Ventrue lords, Jirgen had
no choice but to look further east for his conquests

He moved his court to Magdeburg on the river Elbe,
an almost direct challenge to the Tzimisce lords of
Transylvania and Hungary. He extended his influence
over the order of the Teutonic Knights growing in Ger
many. They were ideal tools for conquest, particularly if
they could be directed toward the lands of Jiirgen's en-
emies, to weaken them and sow confusion, allowing him
to conquer. He forged alliances with the western courts of
Ventrue and Toreador in support of his goals. Ina matter
of yeats, he was ready

Jairgen's forays into Hungary gained him territory, but
he met stiff resistance from the Tzimisce lord Vladimir
Rustovich. The battle between the two vampite lords
eventually resulted in Jiirgen's retreat from the border of
Rustovich's territory and the creation of a buffer region
between the two domains under the nominal control ofthe
Obertus order. Outright military conquest would not secure
Lord Jiirgen a new domain. But the Swordbearer is not
easily denied, and he is as cunning at court as he is on the
battlefield
Rustovich's position among the voivodes. All it will take is
for one of Rustovich's allies to turn on him — then Jirgen
can move in for the kill

LUGICA OF ARAGON.

7th generation Lasombra, childeof AmbrosioLuis Mongada

He has continued to work on means to weaken

Lucita was born the daughter of King Alfonse Il of
Aragon and grew up a spoiled child of privilege and wealth
She hated the duties and responsibilities that her family
heaped upon her and wanted nothing more than her

she frequently ran away from home orcrept
her down

independence
out on her own, forcing her father's men to tra
and retrieve her.


Her father was driven to distraction dealing with his
spirited and hot-tempered daughter, and he sent her to
confession regularly in hopes that it would teach her some
responsibility and decorum. It might have, if Lucita's con-
fessorhad been anyone other than Ambrosio Luis Mongada,
apriest of the Lasombra clan. Mongada immediately found
himself drawn to Lucita, to her great beauty, and to her
fierce and independent spirit. Lucita found a confidant in
Mongada, who did not scold her as her father would have
hoped. Moncada convinced his bishop that the Lasombra
could greatly benefit from one such as Lucita, and he was
given permission to Embrace her

Mongada had not reckoned with Lucita's defiant na:
ture, however. In time, she chafed under his benevolent
guidance as much as she had done under that of her father.
Mongada gives Lucita as much freedom as he dares, fearing
to lose his beloved childe, but it is never quite enough for
her. Her strength and ambition have made her a force to be
reckoned with in her clan, but many (including Mongada)
feel it's best that Lucita not spend too much time at the

court in Aragon.

Instead, Lucita serves her sire as a diplomat and envoy
to foreign courts, carrying the goodwill and greetings of the
Lasombra while gathering information and garnering allies
among the other courts of Europe. It is an existence well
suited to her, although Lucita often wishes she was free to
travel where she wants, not forced to go where her elders bid
her. in the company ofa Malkavian
monknamed Anatole, who serves as her spiritual counselor
and true confessor (more than Moncada ever was).

She sometimes trav

As part of her duties, Lucita has also studied the arts
of warfare, which she always wanted to learn as a child,
but which were denied her by her father. She
very capable student, earning the praise of wai
from her clan. Although she's not as strong or powerfully
buileasa man, she more than makes up for it in quickness
and skill. She can evade the attacks of stronger (and
clumsier) opponents long enough to dispatch them,
particularly with her Lasombra command over shadows
to cloak her presence and make it even more difficult to
strike at her.

provena

masters

TthgenerationLasombra,childeofAmbrosioLuis Moncada

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: AD 1190

Apparent Age: late teens/early 20s

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Intelligence 3,
Perception 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 2, Alermess 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Etiquette 2, Expression 1, Investigation 2, Leadership 1, Linguis-
tics 2, Melee 2, Occult 1, Performance 2, Politics 2, Ride 1,
Stealth 3, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1,
Obtenebration 3

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Mentor 3, Resources 5

Road: Kings 6

Conviction: 3, Self-Control: 3, Courag

WULFGAR ThE REAVER

Sth generation Gangtel, childe of Vola the Red

, Willpower: 5

Wilfgar's life was so longago and so brief (compared to
histimeasa vampire) thathe hasall butforgotten it. He was
bom and raised in a village in Iceland, where he was asailor
and a warrior. While on a raid, he encountered the strange
wild woman who attacked him and then, perhaps recogr
ing some potential in Wulfgar, or simply out of spite
Embraced him. Wulfgar rose with the blood of the Damned
on his lips, and he thirsted for more.

For many years he existed like a beast, the subject of
more than a few local legends and the cause of several
disappearances along lonely roads and the outskirts of
villages late at night. Although his life and upbringing
hadn't shown it, Wulfgar was a bright and clever man, and
never gave himself over entirely to the Beast. Living likean
animal wasn't enough for him. He was a man, and he
wanted more from his existence.

So he took to traveling by night, resting beneath the
earth during the day. He met others of his kind and learned
from them. He eventually learned more about the roads,
and that he could choose his path. The Road of the Beast

was not the only way. Wulfgar set out to learn more about

gully est ae ON
<S:nri = ===) oe + CHAPTER FOUR- apace" / samme ene > PS
\ ‘ BYE ee ee" NS


this, which he did from some of the Gangrel chieftains in
the northlands, who permitted the traveler to rest in their
halls, Wulfgar was inspired by their example, and forsook
the Road of the Beast to take up the Road of Kings.

Returning to Iceland, Wulfgar found a sufficiently
isolated village and conquered it using a combination of
his force of will and his supernatural abilities. He made
himself the village's protector as well as its chief, and in
time some warriors came to serve him gladly in exchange
for the vitae he fed them to make them strong. Their
blood fury was great enough to overcome any foe who
would try to raid them, and it made them feared and
respected. The villagers worshipped and honored
Wulfgar, and he was content.

ore

Syperee

-ROAD:OFKINGS -

Wulfgar has ruled his village for well over four centu-
ries; so long that no one can recall a time when Wulfgar did
not rule there. He Embraces rarely, since he prefers to limit
the number of his childer, although he has created progeny
over the years. Some of them still serve their sire, while
others have gone off on their own or met Final Death.
Rather than Embracing, Wulfgar prefers to create ghouls of
his most promising warriors, giving them great strength and
savagery without making them into potential rivals

Although he has ruled longer than many Cainite lords,
Wulfgar is of only passing interest to the princes and lords
of Europe. His homeland is far from the events of the War
of Princes, which is just as Wulfgar prefers it. Still, he has
begun to grow restive with the current state of affairs at
home and is considering taking some men and traveling for
atime, leaving his childer in charge in his absence. It would
be good to see how the world has change
traveled and he thinks it would do his childer good to get a
taste of responsibility.

since he last

Sth generation Gangrel, childe of Vola the Red
Natur
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: AD 457
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, C

risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3, Intelligence 3

Perception 4, Wits 5
Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 3, Animal Ken 4,

Archery 1, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Etiquette 1,

Hearth Wisdom 3, Herbalism 2, Intimidation 5, Investi-

gation 3, Law 2, Leadership 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2,

Melee 5, Politics 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 2, Survival 5
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 3, Fortitude 5, Po-

tence 5, Presence 3, Protean 6
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Domain 4, Herd 4, Influence 2,

Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 4
Road: Kings 5
Conviction: 3, Self-Control: 3, Courage: 5, Willpower: 7

yrant


GAWE STUDIO