# File: Road of Humanity.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


eee mba iichacl DiBec :

Resa created by M;


Credits Author's Dedication

Author: Stephen Michael DiPesa. Vampire cre- This book is dedicated to Eric Parks, whos
ated by Mark Rein®Hagen. devotion to scholarship has made me seem much le
Storyteller game system designed by Mark ignorant than I actually am, and to Prince, the bet
Rein® Hagen. cat ever to incessantly pester someone trying to meth
Developer: Matthew McFarland a deadline. Eric, thanks for the help you've givenma
Editor: Ellen P; Kiley with the many translations I've bugged you about

MET Translations: Peter Woodworth BHC, Ton ote Very myer mised:
Art Direction, Layout & Typesetting: Becky
Jollensten
Interior Art: David Day, Jim Di Bartolo, Tom
Gianni, Brian Le Blanc, and Rik Martin
Front Cover Art: John Bolton
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

1554 LITTON DR © 2004 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights 1m

served. Reproduction without the written permission oftha

E STONE MOUNTAIN Gh publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposestl
J

reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may Bi

30083 reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampitty

Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mag

USA the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkne

and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf

All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apoc#

lypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcere

Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dark Ages Storytellers Companion, Dark Ages Vampire, Dat

Ages Europe, Road of the Beast, Road of Kings, Road of Heaven, Road of Sin, Road of Humanity, Right

Princes, Spoils of War, Iberia by Night, Bitter Crusade, Cainite Heresy, Constantinople by Night, Jerusale

by Night, Libellus Sanguinis 1 Masters of the State, Libellus Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word, Libellif

Sanguinis 3 Wolves at the Door, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves in the Night, The Ashen Knight and Vél

of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, placéy
and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

PUBLISHING

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademate
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatufil
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature contetls
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA


CABLE OF CONTENTS

Prelude: The Legacy of Caine

Chapter One: Mercyfor the Prodigal

Chapter Two: Dead but: Not Damned
Chapter Three: The Maniithin the Beast
Chapter Four: Blood of Seth, Blood of Caine



PRELUDE:
Che: LEGACY
OR CAINE

He was plain, my sire and teacher. His limp, blond hair spilled in stringy
tangles around his gaunt shoulders and a day's growth of beard was forever
stamped upon his narrow chin. His eyes were neither the icy blue of the
wolf's gaze, nor the clear cerulean hues of the place where the sky meets the
sea. Instead, they were the watery, washed-out shade that tinges the lips of
aman who has just died of the cold. But then, I myself am no Adonis, come
to grace the rude Earth with my flawless tread. I am just a man. Or, rather,
I was just a man.

"Gregory," Gunter rasped, in his tired, gravelly voice, distracting me
from my idle contemplation, "I would ask you to accompany me on my
evening's hunt. Will you come?"

This was an unusual request. It had been a full turning of the moon since
Gunter had discharged me to take my sustenance alone. Did he feel that I
had been somehow inattentive in the manner of my feeding of late? Was
there perhaps some new trick he wished to impart to me, now that I had
grasped the most basic secrets of the hunt? No. Looking into his eyes, I could
see that there was some other lesson, one that had nothing to do with the
torn throats at which we supped, that he wanted me to learn. As my sire did

fot stand on ceremony, I simply nodded my assent and rose from my,seaiti

+PRELUDE-


4

=<

dda

—

\
|
;

\

It would be incorrect to call Gunter's domain a
"village." That would be a trifle ambitious. Rather,
it was a broad expanse of light woods and several
small farms, clustered near a ramshackle church
Swaths of dead, brown grass were scattered through-
out the clearing around the church where farmers
gathered to trade wares and tales, but these spaces
were almost always empty when Gunter and I
passed by the churchyard. Mortal men were seeking
the comforts of home and family when we awoke
and the most we saw of the farmers' market was the
occasional rotten vegetable or clump of horse dung.
What interested my sire, however, was not to be
found in the cruciform shadow cast by the full
moon's light. Without pause, we rode on, toward
Gunter's most precious resource.

As we came up on the inn (named "The Hoof
and Arrow" for reasons | had never discovered),
Gunter slowed his steed to a trot and I followed in
kind. As Gunter himself once put it, "My home is
but a stop between destinations." Thus, even with
a population of scarcely a hundred people, Gunter's
domain sustained us both in comfort, thanks to the
steady stream of travelers who trod upon the old
Roman road and bedded down nightly at the Hoof
and Arrow. Before my Embrace, | had been one of
those travelers.

Gunter was known to the proprietor, whom he
had put under the blood oath, and could come and
go as he pleased. He , informally, extended this
right to me as well, and I nodded greeting to the
paunchy old innkeeper as we found seats. He placed
mugs only half-full before us and we quickly made
shows of tipping them back and wiping froth from
our pallid lips. Though the ale was bad, the savor of
even just a few drops of it upon my tongue induced
in me a melancholic longing for the finer fare I had
known when last I drew breath. If Gunter was thus
affected, he never showed it. Perhaps blood alone
was sweet to his palate now

For a long time, we watched the people, local
and outsider alike, going about their business. While
Gunter had honed his senses to a preternatural
degree, I was naturally blessed with eagle's eyes and
sharp ears, and did not want for an understanding
of what was going on in even the most recessed and
Human
interaction was a tapestry | had rarely taken the
opportunity to appreciate when I was alive, and
one I could not help but to gaze upon in awe now

shadowed corner of the common room

went eS

that I numbered myself among the dead and damnel
Even when it was coarse or outright vulgar, iti
fascinating. In the midst of my reverie, howert
Gunter spoke.

"Tam leaving."

After a long moment, | managed to shakeff
head in some very basic indication of the fact
I had no idea what was going on. Had | dé
something to so badly offend against my sire? Ifd

instead?

Gunter chuckled and dismissed my coneé
with an idle wave of his hand, "Gregor
alarmed. You are not at fault for this decision. Itf
just something I feel I should do. I have dwelth
for many long years now, years during which | hai
grown complacent and tired. I have spent
generation's time in this tavern, making my way!
secrecy, quietly erasing all notice of the fact thal
grow no older as the years roll on. You are if
chosen son, Gregory, and the time has come fori
to pass on my lands and worldly goods to you. | giv
you my domain for your own."

I began to speak, to thank Gunter for his ge
erosity, to express my gratitude. I was barely int
my first syllable of appreciation when Gunterd
me off, continuing on as though his little speed
had only hit a pause

"But not yet. I have one night still as yoursifl
and your teacher before I set you free and makeyuil
lord over this place," he said with a wry smi
aware of the irony of calling anything in this tem
tory lordly, "I have one final lesson to impart toyal
about who we are and the road we walk. Are yl
ready to learn it?"

Proud and certain that my sire had thoughtitgl
ready to assume his stewardship over these land
and kine, | replied, "Of course."

My sire drew up his cup as though to drink fromm
it, but instead closed his eyes and slowly inhaled
drawing in the smell of the ale within. It Wim
probably the most sincerely human gesture I fi
ever seen from him. For a short while, he sat ther
taking in the scent of the drink he could not tata
and listening to the merry gathering from whichh
was ever one step apart. When his eyes snappill
open, they were cold but very certain. His stag
transfixed me and he muttered, "We shall see."

OAD OFPHUMAT


ed at the inn, as Gunter's coin secured the
ijalty of the stable boy. I knew well the track we
eon, a footpath used by hunters and foresters.
en, we walked this rough track out to where it
Other such paths, and thereby wove an
tcourse back to where we started. Gunter
liked to wander into the woods when he
intedtothink or impart some important lesson to
P Was reasonably certain that he was born in
tntamed land and the surroundings were
liar and comforting to him.
My sire asked, without looking at me, "Gre-
ryydo you think Caine was a good man or bad?"
Gunter had told me something of the legends
bur kind, as much as he knew of them. Also, |
forthe stories of the Holy Book and had heard
imy own priest as a boy of Caine's crime against
and his kin. The answer seemed obvious, "A
ii man, of course."
Gunter seemed to be answering inwardly for
ifthe very question he had just posed to me.
Hesighed gently and asked, "Truly? But did Caine
Brgive civilization to men in his city? And were
Kine not protected against the brutality be-
Mid its walls? Was it good or bad to give succor to

Treplied, "Have you brought me out here to
questions to me, Gunter, or to yourself?"
Atlast, he turned his gaze to me, smiling. He
hook his head, realizing that I had caught on to his
fe, He then asked me a new question, "And
hat part of Caine was it, do you think, that moved
fimto build his society, Gregory? Was it his human
Mil seeking to create something of value; or his
estial urges, admonishing him to claim dominion
fet those weaker than himself?"

Honestly, | answered, "I don't know. I don't
fhinkanyone other than Caine himself could know."

Heteplied, "A guarded answer, Gregory. I won-
# Do you really believe it? I think all Cainites
iknow the answer to that question."
"Then what is the answer, Gunter?" I hazarded.
Tcould not tell if his smirk was genuine or
f "Neither, I think. The Beast. The Man.
hese are intellectual contrivances dreamed up by
Wyewho must abide forever with the realities of
nite existence."

"That runs against all you have told me," I said
simply.

"Yes," he replied, "I suppose it does. But you
will learn, Gregory, that truth is rarely as plain a
matter as ‘one thing and not the other.' Truth,
sadly, comes in too many shades to count. Mortal
men grasp it, even if they cannot always articulate
it. For the sake of our own comfort and sanity, we
Cainites pretend that truth is, through the Em-
brace, distilled down to the tenets of a single path,
the road we will walk throughout eternity, but it is
far more, I think."

| always hated it when he waxed poetic. Shak-
ing my head, | asked, "Where are you going with
this, Gunter?"

He answered with a question, "What is the
Beast, Gregory?"

I began to relate all of the answers I had been
told, all of the answers that would have made the
scholars and sages of the Cainite world proud of my
skills of memorization. I addressed the philosophi-
cal analyses propounded in ancient Greece, the
religious themes conceived of by the vampiric think-
ers of our own age and many other divergent
viewpoints, besides. Through it all, Gunter smiled.
I sensed that I was telling him exactly what he
expected and was, nevertheless, missing the mark
completely. This condescending smirk was one of
his most frustrating traits. I felt the anger slithering
deep, bidding me wipe the smirk from his face with
strength fit to rend his jaw from his skull. As I had
been taught, I slowly and carefully suppressed the
rage, deflecting its course through a regimen of
carefully crafted thought and emotion. When |
finished speaking, his smile broadened.

"That," he said, "is the Beast. That lurking
hate, roiling beneath your civil answers. It is every-
thing that is there when we wish we could put aside
a human solution to our difficulties and embrace a
monstrous one. The Beast is what we have always
been capable of, but which we have only just, as
Cainites, learned to fear within ourselves."

Ishook my head, "That is preposterous, Gunter.
The Beast is placed within us by the Blood of
Caine. We are taught so by every scripture of our
kind, or at least every scripture of which you have
seen fit to teach me."

Gunter's face took on the philosophical cast
that it often did when he was about to tell me

«PRELUDE

feetbea SE eed


something that he was quite certain was elemen-
tary. The words that followed that particular look
always seemed to make me feel stupid. He answered
me, "Think, Gregory. Who wrote such words? What
was their agenda in doing so? All that is written by
Cainites about Cainites, save perhaps anything
scribed by the hand of the First, is at best mere
speculation and at worst self-adulation."

"And so," I said, "we are back to the very
answer | m
can know."

elf gave moments ago. None but Caine

Gunter's eyes glinted with something I had
never before seen in them. | could not fathom what
was in them, but it scared me. He looked away and
spoke, "Indeed, it would seem so. This is, I suppose,
as it should be. As I said before: one final lesson,
Gregory. Let us go to it."

We had returned to within sight of the inn and
were watching people come and go. It was late, but
some carried supplies for travel with them and
wished only fora drink before moving on. Likewise,
some wanderers had, it seemed, taken to the idea of
simply traveling upon the road until a warm place
to sleep could be found or exhaustion overtook
them. It was a busy season here and | had grown
accustomed to its rhythms. Looking over at Gunter,
it was possible to believe he had come to be at one
with them. I had difficulty imagining how he would
get by without this place. Finally, | hazarded the
question, "Why are we back here, Gunter?"

He sat silently, unmoving and unbreathing, for
some time before answering me. When he spoke,
his voice was cold and he did not turn to look at me,
instead keeping his gaze fixed upon the small but
steady bustle of activity around the front door to
the inn, "To know as Caine knows, of course."

Before I could ask what he meant by that,
Gunter rose from his crouch and walked off, away
from the front door of the inn and toward a lone
man who was leading his horse, a shoddy beast, by
the reins. The traveler likely lacked the coin to stay
here, a poor, destitute man on the road to some
destination we would never know. He was also the
only one in sight moving in his direction. | was
annoyed. I did not need another lesson in the hunt,
yet that seemed exactly what Gunter intended to
give me. Irritated, I rose and followed.

We overtook the traveler some distance do
the road. He had gone for about an hour, leadi
his poor, unhappy steed the entire way, befdi
making camp. I expected Gunter to close stealthifj
on him, but instead he approached openly and wit
friendly words of greeting. The man's eyes lit igy
Clearly, he was afraid to be out here on the pati
alone and the sound of a kind word did wondersfa

pirit. He greeted us warmly and bade us sha
his fire. Warily, I did so, though Gunter suppressed
completely his instinctive dread of flame and
close by the other. The man offered each of ug
drink from his wineskin. I was shocked to
Gunter accept and take a good pull off of it. With
as much grace as I could muster in my
declined, claiming that the ale at the inn had nol
agreed with me. The man nodded and said that
had suspected something like that, given my pallon
I could not help but to smile at his innocence,

For some time, Gunter spoke to the man, whos
name was Peter, getting to know him. I actually begat
to grow afraid that dawn would be coming upon uf
filtering down through the trees; for I had a dreadfil
sense for time, notat all like Gunter's uncanny feel fof
the lateness of the hour. Peter laughed and joked witht
us, though my demeanor was reserved, as I could not
forget that strange iciness in Gunter's tone and face
some time back. I think Peter likely just thought mé
slow or unfriendly.

At last, Gunter turned the subject to the im
pending dawn (which, by his count, was still somé
hours off yet, a fact that brought me no small
amount of relief) and asked Peter what he thought
of the many sunrises he must obviously, as a longs
time wanderer upon many roads, have seen. Petef
proved to be an eloquent man, recounting with
able grace some of the more memorable sunriseshe
had seen. He lingered long on one he claimed t
have witnessed not so far from here, in which thé
sun had risen golden-red over a clinging misty
reflected above upon ribbons of cloud and below
within the sea of fog. It was, Peter said, one of the
most beautiful things he had ever seen. By the end
of it, Gunter, whose face was turned away from the
traveler, had tears in his eyes. Before I could gestuté
to him, though, Gunter rose and faced Peter. The
traveler shrieked in horror as Gunter snatched @
heavy, jagged stone from the ground in one long
fingered hand, his face trailing crimson streaks,


»

"have nothing!
pthis?"

Gunter advanced upon the man and | was
fren and struck dumb, too horrified to move or

ashe replied, "I could explain, but you would
ibtunderstand."

With that, my sire smote Peter's head, laying
fisbrains out upon the earth. His body crumpled to
heground and Gunter's gangly frame was illumi-

ted by the reddish light of the fire. He was

bling with both bloodlust and shame as he
oked to me.

Peter cried, "Why would you

"Remember this always, Gregory," he whis-
pered to me, the blood of the kindly traveler
spattered on his face. "Remember always that Caine
was human when he struck down his brother out of
envy. The Beast, the Legacy of Caine, is the Legacy

of Man — and we are, none of us, Cainite or kine,

beyond its grasp."

With that, he dropped his crude weapon and
walked off into the woods, leaving me to stumble
back to the home he had shared with me. I have not
seen him since, but I have never forgotten the
terrible final lesson, that of the nature of Man and
Beast, which my sire taught to me

SE Ete

"PRELUDE +



HAPCER ONE:
MERGY FOR CHE
PRODIGAL

When we have done evil it #§ beeaus@ywe have been worsted by our

baser side — for amanis many =bydesire or rage or some evil image...

— Plotinus, The First Ennead

"Thave so much to tell you, my son.

Those are the first words I ever heard my father speak to me. I am sixty-three years
old, or thereabouts, and he looks no older than a man of seventeen or eighteen winters.
Yet, somehow, I know itis him. He is exactly as my mother (God rest her soul) described
him: boyishly handsome, with short, blond hair, sky blue eyes and the slightest
smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose. Everything is as she told me, even
hislopsided smile. It is much like looking into a mirror that captured my reflection four
and a half decades ago, when I was still filled with joy at the possibilities of my life and
anger at the knowledge that he who sired me had fled his responsibilities while I was
yet unborn, leaving a simple country girl to be mother and father both to me.

Itry to stammer out a reply, but I cannot. My hands tremble, as much with fear and
anxiousness as palsy. As the youth who claims to be my father crosses the threshold,
another figure enters behind him; a richly dressed man, also young, with a lustrous, dark
brown mane, a slender frame and the kind of effeminate face the bishop is known to
favor in his attendants. As this latter guest closes the flimsy door behind him, my legs
give out on me. Fortunately, | am near enough to a stool to drop clumsily onto it

+ CHAPTER ONE:

Aad a te ee Ss nt Ail cs


Without waiting for an invitation, the dark-haired
stranger sits on the edge of the small table on which I
have taken my meals alone since Marie passed ten years
ago. The one who would have me believe he is my father
takes a moment, gathering his thoughts. My mind reels.
None of this makes any sense

"I told you this was a waste of time, Paul," the
other says, glancing at me with disdain or perhaps just
apathy.

The only reply offered him isan icy stare from those
sky blue eyes

Finally, I find my tongue. "I don't understand."

He steps forward and takes my gnarled hands in his
own flawlessly youthful ones. His flesh is as chill as the
night air and I shudder under his touch. He seems not to
notice my reaction and speaks, "Oh, Guillaume, where
to begin? I suppose you must have so many things you
want to ask me."

The other snorts and I cannot tell if it is with
amusement or disgust. I cannot help but to wonder how
this blond youth even knows my name

Ido my best to ignore the dark stranger, keeping my
eyes fixed upon this "Paul" (which was, as my mother
told me, my father's name) and asking, "Why, after all
this time, after sixty and some years of never having
known or even seen me, would you come here?"

He smiles, a bit sadly, "A good question, Guillaume
You want to know the reasons that | am here now,
claiming to be your father? Very well, then. You shall
have the truth of it."

Monsters who Walk as Men

He looks to one of the other two rickety stools in my
small home and glances back at me, wordlessly asking
permission tosit. | nod and he drags the seat over, lowering
himself gracefully onto it. He runs his hand through his hair
and closes his eyes for just a moment. The heavy sigh that
seeps from between his lips is what first makes me notice
that no steam escapes with his breath in the chill confines
of my home. A quick glance at his friend, who is smiling
patronizingly at me, confirms the same for him as well. In
fact, before I tear my eyes away to look back at this strange
youth who calls me "son," I note that the other does not
seem to breathe at all.

"Guillaume," the fair man says, his tone low and
, "Lam here because of the things in which I have
come to believe, but which have, for many years, eluded

grav

me. I have come here because you deserve to know your
father, however briefly, even if | have not earned the
opportunity to know you, the man you have become in
my long absence. I do this now because | have at last
found the strength to show you the courtesy I could not
when I turned my back on a pregnant girl because of the

new existence which had been thrust upon me."

"Tt still makes no sense," I say, more confidently now

ness, "I suppose that's fair and as good a place to start
any. The desire for family is a very human desire, isitnoy
Guillaume?" He already has his mind made up as to
question's answer and he continues as though no
sponse is necessary, "And when we find ourselveq
wondering how much remains of the men we once we
we often turn to those things that remind us of 6
essential humanity."

Forgetting for a moment that I do not really believ@
his claims (not to mention my puzzlement over the "Wel
he is referring to), I mutter, "So, you have come hereti
indulge yourself and assuage your sense of guilt?"

The other laughs, but his mirth seems genuine anil
is not, I realize, directed at me. Instead, he slides fromhis
seat on my table and approaches. "Perhaps I was wrongl
Paul. Your boy seems to understand perfectly. He knows
your path better than you do. This was a positivell
wonderful idea. My apologies for doubting your wisdom
in bringing us here."

Enough, Michel," Paul barks, and there is somes
thing menacing in his voice, something that coll
ravenously beneath the surface.

The dark-haired man, this "Michel," does not baci
down and never loses that condescending smirk. Indeedy
his smile broadens, revealing teeth that shine threatena
ingly

Paul starts to step toward him but, halfway througit
the second pace, stops himself. His mouth sets ina frowm
and I note that he seems to have, just for an instanfy
forgotten 1 was even there, so single-minded is his
advance. The cast of his gaze changes, but its focus doe
not. His eyes remain fixed upon Michel.

"Perhaps, Paul," Michel asks, his voice barely mont
than whisper, "you will wish to tell your son why, exactly
you have been gone all these years and why it is you lool
no different from the splendid youth who bedded ang
abandoned his mother?"

Surprisingly, the blond youth smiles, and repliegl
"Yes, Michel, I suppose you're right."

ABeast Veneath
the Gkin

"Guillaume," Paul whispers, turning to me, "Have
you ever truly lost control of yourself? I don't just
mean getting angry or frustrated, but instead slipping
far beyond the edge of reason and sanity, to the point
that there isn't even enough of you there to wantttl
come back."

I shake my head.

"T suspected as much," he continues, "That sortdl
madness is a uniquely Cainite vice. It is what is um
leashed by the Curse, the driving need to sate ourlustand

*ROAD OF*HUMANITY -


mg thing, that utter loss of self. When you come
ek from it, when your senses return to you and your
Bef yoar'mind's commands once more, you
that you have been journeying in darkness, be-
of God. That horrid other place is Hell,
on, or surely as close to it as a being yet upon the
fh might experience.
®A ‘Cainite'?" I ask.
Paul (for I see no reason why he should not share a
St ny surely long-dead father) catches himself
mi ceases his explanation. His demeanor shows his
fation and it is obvious to me that he is trying to put
brief words something that would, by the look of
ytake days to adequately describe. At last, he turns to
fichel and lifts his hands, as if to ask, "What do you

s much as I imagine the
gpent's did in the Garden; sweet if one is innocent and

it it seems to
back the wall be-
gen Earth and Hell. Before Paul can do
ing, Michel is upon me, a slavering thing with
sthat reach greedily for my flesh and eyes that gather
falltthe dim light in the room and shine it back at me
the red of freshly spilt blood. He towers over me and
fall back off my seat. I feel no shame for my cry of fear.
ftabs Michel's shoulders and, with strength I had
timagined that he (or any man, for that matter) could
ess, heaves him off of me forcefully enough for
/sbody to impact halfway up the opposite wall. A
‘Of the small trinkets scattered about (mostly bought
Marie from traveling merchants) fall over and Michel
ps down the wall, now seemingly an ordinary man,
king over the last of the three stools as he drops to
he floor.

My old heart pounds within my chest, and a long
moment passes before I catch my breath. Awkwardly, I
right my seat and, leaning on the wall with my entire
body atremble, lower myself onto it once more. My
breathing is ragged and I can hear my blood throbbing in
my ears. I look across to Michel, who is rousing himself
from the earthen floor. He stares at me, into me, and I feel
that he can see, hear and smell the frantic racing of my
blood. He curls his lip back and his tongue slides across
his teeth. Paul interposes himself just then, blocking my
view of Michel.

"Guillaume," Paul says, placing his fingertips (which
I can feel are covered in a smooth shell of calluses f
from years of labor) under my chin and raising my
look up into his, "I apologize for Michel's display. How-
ever, it seems you have the truth of what Cainites are, or
enough of it at any rate to come to your own conclusions.
The motions of time have no power over us and we
possess gifts beyond the reckoning of mortal men, though

there are prices to be paid for such

power: Prices paid by ourselves and,

sadly, by others. Fornow, that explanation will have
to suffice.

Monsters," I mutter, before realizing that the
thought has slipped out of my mind and passed between
my lips.

Michel rises from the floor and chuckles. He slaps
the dust from his fine garments and approaches. "Yes,
monsters. You see the whole of it, Guillaume."

I hazard a statement that sounds perhaps a bit like a
question in its tone, "You are beasts, then, who walk as
men."

+ CHAPTER ONE +


Paul and Michel face one another simultaneously,
Paul frowning and Michel smiling broadly. Paul's eyes flick
tothe tableon which Michel had been sittingand the other
steps back and once more takes a seat upon its edge. The
creature that would have me believe it is my father speaks
once more, "Guillaume, it is not as simple as Michel makes
it out to be. There are two ways, you see, that.a person can
respond toa wrong he himself has committed; he can either
feel remorse for his act and attempt to make amends, or he
can choose to embrace the hurt he has inflicted, whether
byreveling initorsimply refusing to ponderit. We Cainites
can make that choice. Can a beast choose to feel remorse
for its actions?"

"Yes," I reply, more quickly that I intended. I then
amend my assertion. "Yes, but only under certain condi-
tions. A trained dog can show regret when it does
something wrong in its master's presence, but only
because it understands that it will suffer for its actions. Its
remorse is created by its fear of punishment. It is the same
with very young children, who do not yet know right
from wrong."

Michel rises and stands behind Paul. He whispers,
"Your boy is smarter than I thot Brighter still than
you give him credit for, Paul."

Paul nods. Strangely, I believe he is proud of me. "Yes,
of course you are right, Michel. | have much underesti-
mated my son. Better in this, though, that I should treat
him like a fool and find him to be wise than I should treat
him as a wise man and find him a fool."

Michel's voice takes on that sardonic quality once
more. "If I'd taken the same approach with you, Paul, I
think I'd not have been disappointed in my first guess
and that we would not be traveling together now."

Paul shakes his head, obviously uncertain as to
whether Michel's words are intended as jest or not. He
looks to me once more and I feel that he has been these
past few moments in some sort of reverie. "Do we not, all
of us, feel remorse out of fear, Guillaume? Why do men
feel good when they do what is right and poorly when
they do what is wrong? Longing for God's reward in the
former case and fear of His punishment in the latter. All
sense of remorse has its root in the self. Ultimately, we
regret doing evil because we know that it will have
consequences for us."

I snort, "Then you mean to tell me that men are as
trained dogs, and that there is no good and no evil
beyond what we learn out of selfishness? Next, you will
tell me that there is no God." Aware of my words only
after I have spoken them, I fearfully and instinctively
cross myself.

"Rather, Guillaume," says Michel, still smiling,
"I suppose it is worth saying that God's existence or
lack of it is without consequence for most people
while they yet live — or even simply exist — in this
world. Has anything in your life ever happened that
you could, with certainty, say was an act of Provi-

thing that you believe to have been impossible withoti
divine intervention, rather than explicable as chant
or the product of actions taken by purely eartht
beings or forces?"

My silence answers all of these questions as ones
"Perhaps," Michel says, his voice somewhere bg
tween a whisper and a hiss, "men create gods and devil

deterrents seem to have little effect in this day anda
upon most so-called ‘godly' men..."

"And yet," Paul adds, clearly unhappy with tha
other's explanation yet seemingly unwilling to pursuit
into an ideological argument here and now, "Cainittl
need not dream up any demon who punishes us for dil
sins, for one is provided to each of us, a personal tempi
and tormentor."

Sometimes," Michel adds, smiling cruelly (andmalt
ing me to shudder with the memory of just a short Wl
ago), "you can even see it reflected upon our flesh."

"Indeed," Paul interjects, and it is clear from
tone that he is inviting Michel to remove hi
from the conversation for a while. Smoothing bath
his hair with his hands, Michel steps back to the tabla
once more and seats himself upon it. Paul looks sill
though there is a certain natural pensiveness in fi
face (as there was in mine when I was a youth);

I do not know if the echo of sorrow I see there isj
that, or nothing more than the cast of his features.
continues, "You see, Guillaume, I had to leave. Thetg
was too much danger in my staying; too many thing
that could have gone wrong. And what could I haves
said to your mother? Or to you? How would it seemig
either of you when I grew no older, held fast inal
instant in time, lusting after life itself for my sustey
nance? And what good could come of allowing sigh
a monster to abide among the innocent, to serve
husband and father? I could have hurt you both. lam
certain that, sooner or later over the course of yeam
I would have."

"What has any of this to do with the ‘demon'di
which you spoke?" I inquire, my tone more bitterthit
I might have thought. Strangely, though I knowhil
reasons to be fair, I find myself doubting them withalk
the unhappiness of a son suffering an injustice from
his father. It is a disconcerting sensation.

He looks away and then back, perhaps ashamedp
before replying, "Much. Far too much for my liking
my son."

1am skeptical about the things I have heard her
(strange, considering what I have seen this night)y
but nevertheless I ask, "How, then, is this demon kepi
at bay?"

ROAD OF*HUMANITY


istory
*Long ago, many of my kind sought to discover the
Swer to that very question," Paul replies, "Most of the

fers they found, for good or ill, however, do not
em us. What I must tell you concerns the answer

years ago. It is the story of an artist and a warrior-
lar,a story which took place long before Noah called
two by two, unto his ark."
lamstunned ioalence by this. While I cannot put
finger on just why, I am quite certain that this tale
ilbeblasphemous. Paul continues, as if unaware of the
gue sense of horror creeping up on me. Even (or,
Specially) after Michel's denunciation ofGod's

*Their names were Arikel and Troile. I know those

és Must sound strange to you, Guillaume, but they

the names of long-ago people from distant lands.
mesay Arikel was a sculptress. Others believe she wv

iulancer or even a priestess-whore, after the fashion of

ficient pagans. Troile was a learned man and a man of

tikel and Troile, however, were
troubled by this, for it seemed to them that this
ty could only bear bitter fruit in time.

"The two went to the wisest of their number, a
Healer whose name my mentor once told me but which
Phave since forgotten and have not heard again, and

asked him what they could do to see the right thing
fone, The healer thought long on this and finally an-

fed that Arikel and Troile must make the other
Gainites of the city understand what it was that they did
iomortal men. Moreover, the city's Cainites would have
bemade to see the suffering they caused as their own;
@sthiswise one told Arikel and Troile, all men, mortal

"The two thanked the healer and went on their way
Went into seclusion and, at Arikel's suggestion (for

tation of a work of surpassing beauty and majesty. So
ig was their craft that, in our day, we might call ita
fofmagic. For them, though, it was nothing more than
flawork conceived of in the mind and given shape by the
} For over a century they toiled, and the stone

gif not living, then like unto alive beneath their

i The images shifted in changing light, as though

~*~

were spoken aloud by a great philosopher or inspiring king.
At last, their work was ready to be unveiled."

At this, Paul is very nearly trembling. The tale, it
seems, is very much real to him, despite its fairy-story
quality. I find it somewhat hard to believe anything he is
saying; but remembering the horror that manifested
itself in Michel's face not so long ago, I keep my doubts
to myself.

Paul clears his throat, and I am taken aback momen-
tarily by the very human quality of it, a stark contrast to
the very inhuman behavior | have witnessed this night.
He continues, "One hundred and one years, to the day,
they labored, and finally brought their work before the
court of their king, where were assembled their brothers
and sisters. They unveiled the work for all to see. They
did not expect the reactions they received. Some, who
were most monstrous, grew enraged by what they saw,
reminded of their own iniquity by those words and
images, graven so skillfully and in a manner they could
not deny. The work, at once of faith, art, science,
philosophy and literature, assailed them with its undeni-
able purity of intent; and those who had become by their
actions like unto beasts gnashed their teeth, tore at their
hair and beat their breasts in shame, anger and pain.
Others, who were neither kind nor cruel, but instead
simply uncaring, were moved to tears by what they saw,
realizing the ways in which they destroyed themselves
through their predation upon the world. They were
moved to remorse by a force so powerful that they could
not turn away or forget what they had seen. Indeed, each
saw his or her own crimes played out upon the surface of
the work and many fell to their knees, wailing in sorrow.
Those few who had believed as Arikel and Troile did
weptalso, but they were tears of joy and misery as one, for
they knew now and could articulate in their minds and
hearts and upon their lips what it was they had felt all
along. Some became lost as though in a rapture, while
others sang with voices dark and lovely, and still others
offered comfort to those who seemed broken by the
revelation

"The king, who had himself not wept since the days of
hisexile and his Curse, beckoned the two forth. ‘Arikel,' he
said, leaning down to touch her perfect face, ‘I see now what
it was you tried to tell me those many years ago, that lesson
which I, in my pride, would not hear. And you, Troile,
whom I have despised for your crime against my blood; I
know now why you did as you did and, though you shall
never be forgiven of it, I shall no longer make of you an
outcast beneath my roof.' The king said this, for his eyes
were opened and he bade all rejoice, saying unto them,
‘Behold! This is what Arikel and Troile have wrought, a
tapestry of living stone that speaks to us of many things but,
above all else, of our world and our place within it: of our
shared destiny with mortal men. Itisa tale to be told, afaith
to be practiced, a road to be walked.'

FS

+ CHAPTER O}

SE


"Inspired by this, even as the king's words ceased
to echo in his throne room, Arikel strode forth,
Troile's hand in her own, and said, ‘Who will walk
this Road of Man beside us?' Many spoke assent, and
thus was the path of peace between Cainite and
mortal man begotten."

Michel, at this last, cannot contain his disgust. He
slides off of the table's edge to stand behind Paul, staring
me in the eyes. Though he speaks directly to me, I sense
that his words are meant just as much for Paul. "And, if
you are of a mind to believe such self-congratulatory
filth, | am willing to worship you as the Savior, in
exchange for a drink at your throat. It is convenient, is
it not, to believe great and noble things about oneself,
even when all evidence exists to the contrary? I believe,
Guillaume, it is best put as you yourself spoke: A dog can
be whipped until it whimpers at the thought of displeas-
ing its master, and a child can be taught to feign remorse
when it has offended against its elders."

Another View

"As he who made me taught, there are two ways to
keep a caged animal civil and obedient," Michel hisses,
"denial and indulgence. I have chosen the latter, while
sweet, contrite Paul opts for the former. A beast starve:
into compliance must in time snap at the hand of its
keeper; and should it draw blood, it will feast, no matter
the cost. This is how I was taught the history of Paul's
‘Road of Man.'

"A wise and cunning man waited at a crossroads
outside of the great city in which your father's tale took
place. He sat there for many turnings of day and night,
watching men come and go. To most, he spared not a
word, but instead spoke only to those who lived in moral
error. The first man he stopped was a thief. To this thief,
he presented a starving waif, and told him that this girl
hungered unto death because of his own selfish actions.
Overwhelmed with grief and remorse, the thief gave to
the girl all he had taken and vowed never to steal again,
but instead to make his way by honest work and the sweat
of his brow. He departed in haste, to spread the good
word he had been given.

"Next, the wise man stopped a violent drunkard and
showed hima battered and beaten woman, the drunkard's
own wife. The wise man placed his hand upon the
woman's belly and told the drunkard that his son would
grow hale and strong, carrying on his father's name, if
only he would set aside his evil ways and embrace
goodness within his heart. Overjoyed by the news about
his unborn son and ashamed of his actions, the drunkard
thrust his bottle into the wise man's hands and swore
never against to raise a hand in violence. He too de-
parted, calling out loudly the counsel he had been given

"Next, the wise man stopped a liar and bade him
outstretch his hands, which the liar did. Unto his upturned
palms, the wise man poured the contents of two gourds; one

filled with salty water and the other with blood. In thefi
the wise man said, were all the tears shed by those whohal
suffered as a result of the liar's deceptions; in the other waa
all the blood spilled as a result of them. Overwhelmed with
regret, the liar fell to his knees and swore never again i
deceive another. He ran to the city, telling all of whatht
had heard.

"At last, the wise man stopped a murderer, upof
whose brow was set a dire mark. The murderer hia
watched from a distance and had seen all that hi
transpired. He asked the wise man what it was he wal
trying to accomplish. The wise man smiled beatifi
cally and spoke riddles and platitudes, whereuponthé
murderer seized him roughly and demanded thatha
answer plainly

At this, the wise man smiled honestly and bade this
young waif, she whose blood and tears had filled the tw
gourds, to come forth. He wrenched the thief's mong
from her tiny hands and beat her away with a switch. Ha
then summoned the drunkard's wife, who abased hers
before him like a whore, and took the bottle of wine from
her hands, drinking deeply of it. Then he said, ‘Tt dog
not do for wolves to act as sheep, but if they wish toy
shall shear them and slaughter them according to theif
wishes. I have stolen from them, beaten them down ail
lied to them, and they now share my words as thou
they are the Truth, instead of a Truth — one that seni
me and not them. Fools will always wish to do what
best for the world, as though one man can know suchil
thing, while the wise do what is best for themselves
would not presume to teach you the way | have showel
tothe others, for it isnot seemly for a murderer to preteni
to be like those upon whom he preys, is it?

"The murderer thought on this for some time. Tha
wise man offered him a drink from the bottle, but the
murderer refused, claiming that such drink was bitte
upon his tongue and reminded him of things Halas
forgotten. After some time, the murderer rose fromhif
seat in the dust at the crossroads and began to walk back
toward the city. The wise man called out after him
asking what it was he intended to do. In reply,
murderer began to call out the words that the wise mall
had told to the others. Intrigued and baffled, the wise
man hopped ‘down from his perch and accosl
murderer, asking why he would speak these words, noi
that he knew them to be folly and lies. The murdettt
smiled coldly and answered:

"Because, as it ill-befits the wolf to be as the sheepy

so too is it unseemly for sheep to act as wolves. All
murderers need victims and all kings need slaves, anda
man whois one and wishes to become the other doesweall
to remember that lesson. When men worry that theysit
against one another, they worry not that they are sinnél
against themselves. If wolves must come among sheep
then I will endeavor to see that as many sheep as possible
lay down quietly and suffer the fates put upon themby

a

3

PSSZRE SE

2

a: [Ss

betters without protest, for that is the Road of Man
rat least the road most men must walk, know it or

*And that ingenious deception, dear Guillaume, is
¢ Paul's beloved code came."

Confused, | mutter, "But which tale is true?"

Paull is about to answer, but Michel cuts him off, his
feagain twisted into that condescending grin, "I don't

fv. Maybe both. Maybe neither. Who can say? If you
Shtoabandon your vices, though, and preach my good

, | would be more than happy to tell you another

"Surely," I say, "there is more to good and evil than
windler's deception."
Paul nods solemnly, "Indeed, there is, my son. In-

Biitins one hand through his hair and stops at the
ofhisneck. Eerily, it is a gesture I myself commonly
BYE looks down for a moment and then back up at
and speaks, "Guillaume, are you a pious man?"
Tris, | think, an odd question, given what we've
id. Then again, perhaps it isn't. At any rate, |
am faithful in my worship. | attend mass and give

Father when I wake in the morning and when | lay
to bed."

il presses, "But are you pious, Guillaume?"

Tnall honesty, | can only say, "No more and no less

han the next man, I suppose. I'm no priest and I don't

the truth of what I say I believe in."

He pres:
is"

*Of course."

further. "Do you believe in right and

Hesmiles, "Why is that, do you suppose?"

Thegin to give an answer, but it sticks in my throat
iiiith, I had never much considered it. Such quanda-
Bare, after all, for meant for contemplation by better
Bitihan |. My place is to do as I am told, for my lot in

istobe poor and simple. Instead of speaking, I shrug
fidshake my head.

Paul answers the question for me and, perhaps, for
men know such things; you do not need God to tell
Bitofeel badly when you have wronged another. Even
Aifar-off lands, lands distant from even the outermost

Without thinking, I ask, "Then what is the point of
fion at all?"

+ CHAP:

VE

Michel laughs aloud and claps his hands once.
Ignoring him, Paul says to me, "The laws of the Church,
like the laws of civilizations, exist in order to remind of
common decency those who are willing to forget such
principles and put them aside that they might fulfill their
ambitions to the pain of their fellow men. Sadly, though
many know virtue from vice, few are willing to hold
themselves in check without a sense of the conse-
quences, handed down from some higher authority, for
failing to do so. Men like to pretend that they cannot
control themselves without being told what to do. It
began, I suppose, with Caine's murder of Abel, the first
evil act undertaken by someone who claimed not to
know any better, but in his heart did. While we may not
know religions or philosophies, Guillaume, all are born
with a sense of what is and is not acceptable. Else why
would all men everywhere, whether Christian, Muslim,
Jew or pagan, agree upon a single, fundamental truth:
Harm no other needlessly in any way and hold to no
needlessly harmful thought? It is an understanding as old
as mankind itself, older still than religion. It is something
we know to be true beyond the need for proof, so essential
as to be ingrained into our souls from the moment of our
birth. Were it not, civilization could not exist at all."

I am puzzled and sure my face reflects as much.
Michel's expression is one of exasperation, as though
Paul is leaving out some critical details, but Paul does not
stop. "You see, my son, good and evil are neither secular
nor sacred; they are both of these at once. They are
transcendent, concepts that emanate from the core of us
and tell us how to live. Some," with this, he gestures to
Michel, "learn to suppress their sense of right and wrong
for the sake of satisfying their own needs —"

"More than you'd like to believe, I'd wager," Michel
interrupts, his voice mirthful

"— but others," Paul continues, "many others, ac-
cept this very basic covenant of humanity. Do not take
what does not belong to you; do not cause harm save in
self-defense or the defense of that which is beloved by
you; do not entertain fantasies of giving harm to another.
Such precepts are, by their nature, human; and all those
who choose to cast them aside, by definition, choose not
to be human. It is through the acceptance of this truth
that I learned to walk the Road of Humanity."

Tn the Jaws of the Beast

"You see, Guillaume," Paul says, "our precepts of
right and wrong are not so very different. While men
learn to obey the letter of the law, we Cainites are bound
to its spirit also — or rather, we are if we are wise."

"Lest the Beast devour all," Michel as
no Cainite looks forward to."

erts, "A fate

"Indeed so," Paul assents, "The most terrible sins we
Prodigals, those Cainites who walk the Road of Human-
ity, acknowledge are sins against others. In fact, virtually

RONE+


all of what we believe is turned outward, for we see
ourselves reflected in the world around us."

"That seems to me an egotistical way to exist," I say.

Michel laughs again, "Paul! What cutting wit your
boy has! He could charm the Queen of the Courts in
Paris, I'd wager."

Paul heaves a long-suffering sigh and continues
"Not at all, Guillaume. The self is simply the most
teliable mirror one has through which to perceive the
world, Whatever else is around you, you know that your
self will always be there with you. When you measure
your lifespan in centuries and even millennia, every-
thing else begins to seem quite fleeting. I think most of
us would go mad were it not for the ability to look back
and define the world through the lens of the self. Many
great philosophers and theologians have done just that
over the centuries."

"That is a matter for learned men," I retort, "not
farmers bent with years. I do, however, understand what
you mean."

"While we can forgive accidental affronts against
our fellow men, be they Cainite or mortal," Paul says, "it
is the intentional and premeditated violation of another
than we find to be the most heinous sort of sin. Reason
and intellection, we Prodigals maintain, were gifts given
in order to alleviate suffering, not to cause it. Those
Prodigals who cannot tame their intelligence to serve
the causes of compassion and responsibility are unwor-
thy of the name."

Learning tobe Human

"But what do you mean when you say that you leamed
to walk the ‘road of humanity,' father?" | ask, trying to turn
the subject to other matters and realizing only half a
heartbeat afterward what I have called him

Paul smiles, and it is as though all of the weight he
has been carrying is lifted from his shoulders. For the first
time since we met, he seems at peace, even if only for an
instant. Michel rolls his eyes, but neither of us pays him
heed, Instead, Paul answers, "Two paths lead to the road
I walk, son. Many come to it of their own accord, taught
itby none; they instead instinctively seek to embrace the
very values that made them human in the first place.
Others, like myself, are specifically tutored by those who
sire us into the night, taught to consciously exist in a
manner that mimics mortal behaviors. In many ways, the
latter is the far easier road to know, but harder to follow.
Those who find my road only because they know no
other way have the benefit of innocence. There is no
calculation on their part, no sense of whether what
they're doing is ‘human enough.' Ignorance can be a
blessing."

But can men do as we do? Can they
rend stone with their bare hands, see through to the soul
of another or command the beasts of the wilds in a
tongue that brooks no dissent? I have seen, in far-off

Michel cuts in.

Araby, monkeys trained to dress like men and conti
themselves in a mockery of human ways for entertaill™
ment. I do not suppose them human."

"Choice is the difference, then," I say. Both of fi
others seem surprised, but I continue, "While an anim
can be whipped when it is bad and rewarded whenitil
good, and thereby learn to ape the ways of mankindif
cannot understand the value of what it does. It cantil
understand why it is better to act in one way and all
another. Animals have no souls. Sin and virtue ai
meaningless to them, for they will be neither reward
nor punished for their deeds in any world other thantha
one."

Michel becomes lost in thought, as though whath
have said reminded him of some long-ago conversatiail
or half-remembered dream. Paul's jaw sets with fit
conviction and he nods to me, replying, "It is as yous
my son. All men, mortal and immortal alike, can choo
to be compassionate, remorseful and upright in oil
thoughts and deeds. It is the power to make choicesthit
makes us human or, at least, gives us the potential tog
so. There are men now living upon the Earth — mottill
men — who have chosen, by dint of the morals 7
cleave to, not to be human. Humanity isa state of ethi
choice, not a birthright or a declaration of race. Itia
more complex thing to be human than it is to be a wall
oracat oracrow. The latter three are accidents of bitthy
the former is a way of life."

"But how," I press, "did you learn this ‘road'? Youstill
have not answered that for me."

No," Paul chuckles, "I suppose I have not. It bea
with she who made me as I am now, whose name ! wil
not speak. It was she who taught me to control ij
monstrous desires through a regimen of discipline ant
tight control of all of my emotions, from the basesttothy
loftiest. I was fortunate indeed that she was well-versti
in the lore of her road. She even educated me in the Path
of Athens."

"And what is that?"

My father shakes his head, realizing that he hit
spoken of matters best not explored in the short count
of one evening's conversation. He looks off for a mm
ment, collecting his thoughts, and then back to ma
"Would you believe me, Guillaume, if I were to tell jai
that it is nothing more than the laws of common seni
and common decency set down in no uncertain terms@
that I and my kind would not forget them?"

I find the question foolish, and reply, "Do notall
men do the same? Ithas always seemed to me strange thal
powerful men seem to need to write as reminders fii
themselves those things which poor and simple maf
have passed down for generations and centuries without
the need for letters."

Michel interjects, "Guillaume, have you ever swall
ted a fly?"

Annoyedatsoasinine a question, Isnap, "Ofcourse

VS oS Bae OP a eo —

ROAD*OF

HUMANITY

an


PAnd did you feel poorly about it afterwards?"
POF course not," | answer.
Hesmiles, and I realize his intent in the asking. He
BE Whio possess power and wish to indulge
tality must give themselves opportunity to re-
Why it is they should feel pity when they swat
BPA fly, on the other hand, could it speak, would
SM Ee able to tell you from memory all the many
ee you should not end its wretched and pathetic
Mhe weak and lowly need not be reminded why the
ilshould not pre y
BR Gilder consumed by kings, popes and gener-
fiel their lusts and ambitions. That is the law of the
land, so far as | can tell, should He exist at all, the
flaw endorsed by God Almighty."
Reflexively, 1 cross myself, and Michel chuckles
fprabs his shoulder and pulls him away from me. He
fispers something harshly to his companion in a lan-
Idonot know. Michel holds his hands up, as if to
sinnocence, and walks back to his seat on the edge
table.
May him no heed, Guillaume," my father says,
ang with a jerk of his head at Michel, "He greatly
But I still have not truly
flyout question, have I? The Pact of Athens was
long ago. Its intent was to teach us the ways in
each of us should hold on to that within himself

upon the powerless

Bhtsand properties of others. Also, it admonishes us
thenatural world and works of great beauty, for
fispire us to accomplish much good and remind us
iilenddors we should embrace as a bastion against
wiles of the Beast."
136," | ask, "your ‘human' ways are nothing more
an elaborate ruse?"
Paul's face falls into a frown, though whether it is of
assentor deep thought, I cannot tell. At last, he
SSometimes. | wish I could give a better answer than
butitis the only one I have to give. Sometimes, we
stand think as we should, not because we desire to do
ad because we have a desperate
fodoright by ourselves. The Beast can be thwarted

slish thoughts; they are left with recourse to nothing
than a shallow reflection of what it meant to
ially feel regret. Better that than the alternative,

This arouses my curiosity. "Alternative?"
PBetter that be saved for later, if it is spoken of at all,
," Paul replies, "I feel safer talking of it when

isless distant."

Hookto Michel for any sign of recognition about the
‘Ofwhich my father speaks. If he knows, however,

glancing distractedly at the walls. Idly, he scrapes with a
fingernail at a small gouge on the side of the table. He
does not even bother to look at me.

"At any rate," Paul continues, "many of us are not
taught to walk this path. Instead, such Cainites find the
road through trial and error, learning what works and
what does not. Itisnot always the easiest way, butit often
leads to a more intuitive and natural understanding of
the ways of men. Itis easy to forget what you might learn;
less so to forget who you are. Such Prodigals often lack
the strict sense of deliberate moral dedication those such
as myself cultivate, but they benefit from one of the
greatest boons of ignorance; they know of no other way
and are thus not confused by the possibility of alterna-
tives to the beliefs they have held since the days when
they last drew breath."

"So, it is the one or the other, then? Either knowl-
edge and jadedness or ignorance and innocence?"

He considers this for just a moment before answer-
ing, "Not completely. As with almost all things in life,
there is a middle way. Occasionally, Cainites draw some
experiences from one well and some from the other.
Such practices were not common even in the nights in
which she who turned me was herself turned, but it
becomes more common with each passing decade. Within
two or three centuries, the old distinctions may be lost
entirely. Many find that a cause for alarm; but I suppose,
having seen only a few short decades of change myself,
that such things are inevitable, in time. Nothing lasts
forever."

Still looking away, Michel interjects, "I don't know
that I'd say that, Paul. I don't know about you, but I'm
intending to be around come the Final Trump."

Unconcerned by Michel's declaration, I inquire,
"What do you learn?"

"Many things," my father replies, "Too many to
relate to you here, though I will tell you of some of them.
We learn to feel sorrow when we should, and remorse,
and compassion also. It is harder than you might imag-
ine. To get a sense of it, envision being instructed to feel
sad whenever you eat a meal. You are taught to regret
many of the very things that help you to survive in the
world, and yet to undertake those acts anyway."

"All told, a singularly uninspired way to exist."
Michel cuts in mockingly, "I, for one, have never once
shed a tear over my supper, nor do I ever intend to. Only
the weak lament the fate of the hart when his meat is
upon the plate."

"Cainites are not spawned of harts," Paul counters.
"Were we, we might do well to lament their suffering. In
fact, we do well to lament the suffering of every living
thing. A man of conscience can do no less, even when he
yields to the necessity of causing suffering."

"Precisely," Michel retorts, "A man of conscience
could do no less. I, on the other hand, can do much less.
Conscience is a weakness, a crutch."

Ske.
APTEROD

Se ee: SS

\

se EEE

om


"The ability to feel empathy for others is what
separates us from animals," Paul replies.

Michel rises to stand directly before my father,
smiling broadly and condescendingly. "So, too, do the
ability to be cruel, the capacity to lie and the urge to sin.
Your Road of Humanity teaches you many things, in-
deed. Foremost, it teaches you how to be a victim.
Speaking for myself, it is a far finer thing to be predator
than prey. 1 bow before nothing and no one, most
especially not conscience."

"Then I pity you," I say, not realizing until an instant
later that I have said it. Michel looks very nearly infuri-
ated. | am certain I have touched some nerve in him
Paul interposes himself between us and lays a hand on
Michel's shoulder. Again, he whispers in that other
language.

Michel loc "He who would stand
between the world and the hurts it inflicts upon others
will find those hurts thrust upon himself. It is the way of
the world. There is no shortage of martyrs on this
Earth..."

O We Not Bleed$

At this, Paul turns back to me and speaks, "Yes,
Guillaume. I believe, in this, Michel is right. Though we
Prodigals — most of us, anyway — seek to do what we
may for the world and the people in it, there is something
to be said for self-preservation."

Michel hisses, "

"As we try to be like unto mortal men," Paul contin-
ues, "we find ourselves aspiring to be flawed. I know that
must seem strange to you. We have endless centuries
with which to pursue perfection, but we instead seek to
be as real and imperfect as any other man. Does that
make any sense at all to you?"

's to me and says,

Indeed."

I reply, "I should think that an eternity of anything
would lose its luster in time. Perhaps not today or
tomorrow, but eventually, anything I could think of
would cease being worth living for. Especially perfec-
tion. Who could bear an existence so predictable? I can
scarce imagine facing those long years at all; adding to
them the burden of knowing how it will all turn out
seems to me a terrible thing."

"We are not perfect," Paul says, "and we never will
be. None of us, despite what some might think. We
Prodigals, for example, are more apt than any other
Cainites to stumble in doubt along the course of our
centuries. It is what comes of embracing ethics that have
their roots in things other than cold necessity."

"He is a fool who cleaves to beliefs that tell him he
must sin to live," Michel murmurs, loudly enough for
both of us to hear, disrupting the flow of Paul's speech,
"Or, rather, he isa fool who comes to understand that he
must regret those sins he commits. Better it is to be
wholly unburdened by any guilt at all."

——

*ROAD*OF

"Please, Michel," my father says, cutting off f
companion's musings, "Where was I? Ah, yes. Wed
also often politically weak among our kin; for oth
who accept darker means and ends, often find thatth
willingness to commit cruelty and the ability tow
power go hand-in-hand, with Cainites as with mom
men. Indeed, the former seems, in most cases, 08
requisite for the latter. Thus our voices, as the voicesd
common folk among kings, princes and bishops,
unheeded more commonly than is right and probablyfi
more often than they should

"And so you see, Guillaume; neither shepherdsti
wolves give a damn about the bleating of sheep," Mi
interrupts, again smirking wickedly

Paul keeps speaking as though Michel had not
the extreme, some on the Road of Humanity find
difficult to commit even those small acts of pettinessii
selfishness that ordinary men take for granted. Indeed
would not be untoward to call such Prodigals the mat
lam sure Michel thinks us all. It is, I think, an untendl
existence and I have only met two in my time whowéa
so benevolent and saintly. One went to her Final Dea
because she could not bear to harm the very mob
had come for her, while the other... well of him I can
little, save that he seemed neither Cainite nor moftil
man, though I knew him by his abilities to be the formely
In his presence, I felt so at peace as | trust | have notsinl
the days when I was a swaddled babe in my moth
arms.

"Sometimes," he says, "it is hard for us to do thew

the spirit of our beliefs and submitting to the necessiti
of survival, When men like yourself are faced with
decision between, say, your life and that of a thief i
has come to cut your throat in the night, there is
really any choice atall. For us, more deliberation iscallah
for, even in instances when there is no time for it."

"Of course," Michel interjects, "men eventuallyrim
out of cheeks to turn, and those who advocate s
philosophies have sometimes been known to get thenia
selves nailed to crossed timbers."

I gasp in shock at this blasphemy. While | may nti
be the most godly of men, I like to think myself Goda
fearing. After this night, I believe I will have much cauigl
to fear the Lord's designs

Or perhaps the Devil's, Michel's voice whispers ini
mind. I reel, stumbling out of my seat, and come
standing. I do not feel fear; all I feel is rage. I grab at thal
cudgel beside my hearth.

1 snarl, and | ani
surprised at the forcefulness in my own voice.

Never do that again, monster,"

and | ant
not sure if he heard what transpired or just knows hit
detestable comrade well enough to infer the truth of the
matter. In either case, I care little

"That was in poor taste, Michel," Paul sa

I do not relinquishmy

rere, ails

HUMANITY: 2===


fllook to my father again.
He clears his throat and continues. "Were | in your
, Guillaume, | could scarce afford the wrath you
layed. It might well unleash my Beast and that is the
V thing we Prodigals fear most. Once it is free of its
s that abomination will do what it must to remain
no matter who suffers on account of it."

almost ashamed at

Outburst. Probably, that trick of the mind was Michel's
Of repaying me for telling him that I pitied him. Of
Thad thought that snipe fair recompense for the

*Many unfortunate things are common among us,
Sie? Paul responds, "and, sad to say, ¥
Halong with all our kin, forced to endure them."

e Prodigals

(Bitter Journey

At this, Paul looks off for a time, gathering his

th of us, | think, begin to suspect that he has very
ly forgotten that either of us is her

Finally, I break the silence, "Is there

thing more you can tell me?"

Paul shakes his head,

ig like a man

0 is waking

unpleasant dream. | have the impression that he had
almost lost himself in some bitter reflection. Somethin
about the thought of the "unfortunate things" common
to his people, these "Cainites," it seems, put him into a
dour mood.

"Come now, Paul," Michel purrs, "surely, there is
something less depressing you can talk about. If not, let
us be gone in haste, for I have, as you know, no patience
for your sulking."

I would think that Paul would be upset or even angry
at this last, but he instead laughs. Perhaps it is some
private joke between himself and his companion. What-
ever the case, | am glad thathe looks happier than before.

"Hope," Paul says. He looks first to Michel and then
tome and a: That is something ‘less depressing,' is it
not?

"Another road within the road," he continues, "leads
toasense of peace, balance and self-understanding. I was
told of it in my early days as a Cainite and I have never
forgotten the memory of it. Our legends tell us that this
path was first realized by the healer who counseled
Arikel and Troile, a way in which we might be recon-
ciled with our inner demons and remember within our
souls, rather than just within our minds, that we are not
beyond redemption."

Michel snickers derisively, "Surely, you jest, Paul. It
is well known that Golconda is a pagan fancy, a lie told

by wild visionaries and
addled mystics so of-
ten that some
have come to
believ. it
true."


"The ability to feel empathy for others is what
separates us from animals," Paul replies.

Michel rises to stand directly before my father,
smiling broadly and condescendingly. "So, too, do the
ability to be cruel, the capacity to lie and the urge to sin.
Your Road of Humanity teaches you many things, in-
deed. Foremost, it teaches you how to be a victim
Speaking for myself, it is a far finer thing to be predator
than prey. I bow before nothing and no one, most
especially not conscience."

"Then I pity you," I say, not realizing until an instant
later that I have said it. Michel looks very nearly infuri-

ed. | am certain I have touched some nerve in him.

il interposes himself between us and lays a hand on

Michel's shoulder. Again, he whispers in that other
language

Michel looks to me and says, "He who would stand
between the world and the hurts it inflicts upon others
will find those hurts thrust upon himself. It is the way of

the world. There is no shortage of martyrs on this
Earth..."

Do We Not Bleed$

At this, Paul turns back to me and speaks, "Yes,
Guillaume. | believe, in this, Michel is right. Though we
Prodigals — most of us, anyway — seek to do what we
may for the world and the people in it, there is something
to be said for self-preservation."

Michel hisses, "Indeed."

"As we try to be like unto mortal men," Paul contin-
ues, "we find ourselves aspiring to be flawed. I know that
must seem strange to you. We have endless centuries
with which to pursue perfection, but we instead seek to
be as real and imperfect as any other man. Does that
make any sense at all to you?"

I reply, "I should think that an eternity of anything
would lose its luster in time. Perhaps not today or
tomorrow, but eventually, anything I could think of
would cease being worth living for. Especially perfec-
tion. Who could bear an existence so predictable? I can
scarce imagine facing those long years at all; adding to
them the burden of knowing how it will all turn out
seems to me a terrible thing."

"We are not perfect," Paul says, "and we never will
be. None of us, despite what some might think. We
Prodigals, for example, are more apt than any other
Cainites to stumble in doubt along the course of our
centuries. It is what comes of embracing ethics that have
their roots in things other than cold necessity."

"He is a fool who cleaves to beliefs that tell him he
must sin to live," Michel murmurs, loudly enough for
both of us to hear, disrupting the flow of Paul's speech,
"Or, rather, he is a fool who comes to understand that he
must regret those sins he commits. Better it is to be
wholly unburdened by any guilt at all."

=

ad eh

————

a EP :
y

—~

= — us

+* ROAD: OF*HUM

"Please, Michel," my father says, cutting off hi
companion's musings, "Where was I? Ah, yes. Weal
also often politically weak among our kin; for othety
who accept darker means and ends, often find that tht
willingness to commit cruelty and the ability to wiell
power go hand-in-hand, with Cainites as with moma
men. Indeed, the former seems, in most cases, to be
requisite for the latter. Thus our voices, as the voicestt
common folk among kings, princes and bishops, 9
unheeded more commonly than is right and probablyfat
more often than they should."

"And so you see, Guillaume; neither shepherds nit
wolves give a damn about the bleating of sheep," Michel
interrupts, again smirking wickedly

Paul keeps speaking as though Michel had not. "if
the extreme, some on the Road of Humanity findit
difficult to commit even those small acts of pettinessil
selfishness that ordinary men take for granted. Indeedity
would not be untoward to call such Prodigals the marty
lam sure Michel thinks us all. It is, I think, an untenable
existence and I have only met two in my time who wet
so benevolent and saintly. One went to her Final Deati
because she could not bear to harm the very mob that
had come for her, while the other... well of him] cans
little, save that he seemed neither Cainite nor montil
man, though I knew him by his abilities to be the formet
In his presence, I felt so at peace as | trust I have notsine
the days when I was a swaddled babe in my mother§
arms.

"Sometimes," he says, "it is hard for us to do the ven
things we must. More often than is the case with othe
Cainites, we are faced with the choice between heeding
the spirit of our beliefs and submitting to the necessities
of survival. When men like yourself are faced with the
decision between, say, your life and that of a thief wh
has come to cut your throat in the night, there is nd
really any choice atall. Forus, more deliberation iscalléd
for, even in instances when there is no time for it."

"Of course," Michel interjects, "men eventuallyniq
out of cheeks to turn, and those who advocate sue
philosophies have sometimes been known to get them
selves nailed to crossed timbers."

1 gasp in shock at this blasphemy. While | mayngl
be the most godly of men, I like to think myself Gow
fearing. After this night, I believe I will have much cai
to fear the Lord's designs.

Or perhaps the Devil's, Michel's voice whispers intif
mind. I reel, stumbling out of my seat, and come ti
standing. I do not feel fear; all I feel is rage. I grab atthe
cudgel beside my hearth.

"Never do that again, monster," I snarl, and | a
surprised at the forcefulness in my own voice.

"That was in poor taste, Michel," Paul says, and] at
not sure if he heard what transpired or just knows hig
detestable comrade well enough to infer the truth of the
matter. In either case, I care little. 1 do not relinquish

ee

ppc ff mee

ANITY


He clears his throat and continues. "Were | in your

, Guillaume, I could scarce afford the wrath you

played. It might well unleash my Beast and that is the

thing we Prodigals fear most. Once it is free of its

ie, that abomination will do what it must to remain
no matter who suffers on account of it."

"Is such outpouring of fury common among your

1 inquire, suddenly feeling my anger diffused.

Icannot explain why, I fe

1 =| almost ashamed at
youtburst. Probably, that tric

of the mind was Michel's

fy of repaying me for telling him that I pitied him. Of
, [had thought that snipe fair recompense for the

he had terrified me early on into his visit. | suppose
hat needless vendettas of e

ry stripe are thus con-

*Many unfortunate things are common among us,
aume," Paul responds, "and, sad to say, we Prodigals
Halong with all our kin, forced to endure them."

¢ Vitter Journey

At this, I looks off for a time, gathering his
its. Michel leans in a bit, apparently quite inter-
in what his friend will say. After the long quiet,

forgotten that either of us is here.
Finally, I break the silence, "Is there
g more you can tell me?"
"Paul shakes his head,

o See de St

CHAPTER-ON

unpleasant dream. I have the impression that he had
almost lost himself in some bitter reflection. Something
about the thought of the "unfortunate things" common
to his people, these "Cainites," it seems, put him into a
dour mood.

"Come now, Paul," Michel purrs, "surely, there is
something less depressing you can talk about. If not, let
us be gone in haste, for I have, as you know, no patience
for your sulking."

I would think that Paul would be upset or even angry
at this last, but he instead laughs. Perhaps it is some
private joke between himself and his companion. What-
ever the case, | am glad that he looks happier than before.

"Hope," Paul says. He looks first to Michel and then
to me and asks, "That is something ‘less depressing,' is it

Another road within the road," he continues, "leads
toasense of peace, balance and self-understanding. I was
told of it in my early days as a Cainite and I have never
forgotten the memory of it. Our legends tell us that this
path was first realized by the healer who counseled
Arikel and Troile, a way in which we might be recon-
ciled with our inner demons and remember within our
souls, rather than just within our minds, that we are not
beyond redemption."

Michel snickers derisively, "Surely, you jest, Paul. It
is well known that Golconda is a pagan fancy, a lie told

by wild visionaries and
addled mystics so of-
ten that some
have come to
believe it
true."

\

ae

a

"aes ee ere eee te
~s


"Golconda?" I ask

Paul smiles, seemingly invigorated by the very men-
tion of the word, "It is a heresy, a dangerous belief for any
Cainite to hold, but one in which I place my faith. I have
been given reasons to, some of which I have spoken of
hereand some of which I have notand willnot. Golconda
is the final destination upon the Road of Humanity. It is
the beautiful place wherein the journey concludes, not
in blood and ashes, but instead in understanding and a
sweet sense of forgiveness. It is, I am told, like and yet
unlike being human again, a state of acceptance of how
one has changed, coupled to the knowledge that we are
all still human."

"This dangerous and heretical way," I repeat. "Are
such heresies pursued among your kind with the same
kind of vehemence and violence with which they are
among mine?"

"We Cainites hunt our heretics with a fervor and an
unholy determination that would put even the most
zealous churchman to shame," my father replies, "Our
crimes, after all, are not just crimes against men and one
another, but against the very order ordained by God, set
forth when He cursed our race."

This last strikes me as quite a revelation, but I press,
"What makes this ‘Golconda' so perilous to your kind?"

"It is the threat of what it represents," Michel cuts
in, "While it is nothing more than a tale told by bright-
eyed childer to while‘away idle nights, in it lies the threat
of the disruption of the sacred order of the Cainite world,
in which ashen priests hold exclusive dominion over
matters of salvation and the soul. Of course, | am certain
such travesties are alien to those who dwell beneath the
sun..."

The dimmest idiot could not miss the sarcasm in
Michel's tone. I am moved to recall word of the heretics
put to the torch and the sword here in France. I cannot
remember what they were called, but I know of what had
been done. As I am told, many of them believed also in
dispensing with intermediaries between men and the
Almighty. Who can say if they were right? I suppose it
does not matter now.

Sensing the half-formed questions and unformed
answers roiling in my mind, Paul says, "Yes, it is always
the way of those who wield sacred authority to destroy
rebellions of the spirit before they become cause for
concern. Still, such threats do not prevent hardy seekers
from setting out on the journey, regardless."

Eager to change the topic, I hazard a different
question, "You say that this ‘Golconda' is ‘like being
human'; what of the mortal world, my world? What do
your people think about us?"

Life Beneath the Gun

The silence that follows is almost stunning in its
intensity. Paul drawsa long, shuddering breath, but I can
tell that it is purely an act born of rote. He exhales his

breath in a heavy sigh and again there is no steam,
throat tightens unexpectedly. I feel that I may fi
made a mistake in asking. Finally, though, he meets
eyes once again. Reflected there, I see neither ragena
indignation, just an abiding sorrow. Again, Michel snot
giving a humorless chuckle. Paul answers as though
had not heard.

"Son, you cannot begin to imagine how wonderill
is the world you live in. It is not something one red
contemplates, I think, until wrenched from it," he
plies

"Or asks to be taken from it," Michel adds, histon
strangely devoid of malice or sarcasm. "For some Offi
the mortal world is no balm, and it is neither a fon
memory nor a futile hope. For some of us, it justis. Maw
of us, after all, do not waste our time pining for sid
sentimental nonsense as passing on tales of Cainitty
depravity to decrepit progeny."

Oddly, this last statement does not offend me andl
honestly do not believe it to have been intended asap
insult. The truth in this instance is harsh enough. Pail
takes a moment to ponder his companion's words befor
continuing, and when he speaks again, his voice is cali
and even.

"Indeed, we are depraved, Guillaume," he says, "Wa
are thought of as monsters because we are monstetwh
devour the living to slake the thirst of a twisted demo
that dwells deep within my mind and spirit. For tho
such as Michel, it is often easier to regard mortal meng
fodder. Those such as myself, however, who my
emulate mortal life as a means to cling to sanity and if
very souls, possess a need to have contact with the livingy
There comes a time when even the familiar grows aliéty
if one is away from it long enough. Thus, | exist aman
humankind, hoping by your example to better unde
stand myself."

"You miss the world of men, then?" I as

He smiles humorlessly. "Many of us do. Somelgl
much that our hearts break with the weight of it and, bi
the breaking, move us to do unseemly things. Some
times, such pain moves us to do monstrous thingy
indeed. It is always a sad affair to see an otherwise worthy
soul become so lost in sadness as to betray all that hg
believes in."

Sudging the Damned

"What do you do, then," I ask, "when one of youl
Owns found wanting? Gurelyy-e
vision t6 punish i lawbreala

ry society makes pide

Michel snickers at this. It seems I have said somes
thing amusing, or perhaps ironic. I cannot tell.

"Every mortal society, certainly," my father respondy
"but I cannot, in truth tell you that we have any way
punishing those who offend against our code. We Prod
gals are not a civilization, Guillaume, so much asa
philosophy. While one can punish another for nol

+* ROAD: OF*HUMAD

Re SFe2 OF

2Q RUT

fam O98 HO

mpanrosets

BS

fet Bi Ko Mh Be be Wl ~ BEe a)

LidVHD~

SS

"saqif JaypIY ,,'suoHNgaNsUO aes! ap Nay stasdn os3y,,
«Ve stp UOdnN ]JaMp 03 2x1] 10U Op sjeSIporg
sn jo Aueut ‘Aysurproo2y ‘Oxy ati Us2MI9q UONSUHSIP
ou aq Aeur asaya "YIN Uy ‘suIsaq JolAeyaq Yyons pue pus
SuONDeIAIUT aITUTED PEUIOU a19YM FUT] at MIP oO} saw
38 INOYJIP Os st a1 YSnoyp ‘sAem Ino 07 UO ue st ‘Ayer
-naeu ‘ino |, ‘supjeads sdaay pue ‘Apysiys 1 Burqqns
‘pau sty jo yoeq oyp Ie puey sty sisaz UrEse [neg
1YBIU) azay susIsap
sty ur ands asour ueyp spiAd Joqeas3 a10y3 o10M ‘ouop
aaey 1YsTUI ay Jey JopuoM AyUO kD | ‘pur AU apIsUT
aouasaid s,Jay>ryy []2294 01 pa10} we | ‘SuLappnyg

«2U}ZeUN pynoo spexoU! sow UBYp aI Jo saNaLeA aiow
JO ajqeded are am ‘paapuy "19y219 ‘soarured) puodag you

stadey ‘sn Aq uodn paumoy Ajureqs99 age |] Suonnaasap
uoquem jo s12e JeyIO pue Wst}epuRA ‘youI "ApINy
"SOW JOpIsUOD aM IeYM ssndsIp 02 aPLYMYWOM st I
asoddns | 30u araup st ‘a10u shemye st 9194 J,
soyrey Aur

sanunuod
«(210 SI azay2 ‘Jay ‘paapur ‘o
"21 Moys 10U s90p ay
PAIMOY ‘WTY 9119UT 03 Jduiaye ay Jo 92NOU Aue sayeI
[neg J] ‘Jeasue oup jo aseme Aqpry st ay suudas 31 YBnoyp
‘soumbut Jays ,{Uay2 91 02 st a19yp [ye st ey],
(sn suede
Suyasuow-sJowns pue yw uLYA a0W BuTypoU aq 02
Way? ddatjaq Ayn | ‘sey Ino jo suoneIasdiaqUI Yons 07
PIOY sjeBtporg jo sides ayes9Uasap UTED Jey) parouns
St yBnoyy ‘ewoyzeue Suruaiuas jo suraishs yons
powreu am ‘auojaray | "AuepUadse s,999015 Jo aU ay
Aq siya mauy spesiporg "Ayjeondoddy os sayioue a8pn{
0} uew e sjadut yey AuueiA] ay) UT sjaaal seag ay] "os
S9A]asINO BuLAtadap Jo Amnxny aya aavy 1OU Op s[eBIporg
ami ‘pasndoe aya Joj URL UeUIspRay ou JOJ sajna UaIayIP
are as9y2 ey UreIUIEW adomng jo sIayeUIME] 9y) TTY A,
{aI PINom ‘Bury aq Aypzey pjnomaey_p,, shes neg ,woyp
ysuyese Jopuayo ue Surystund jo ansind ay ur uayorg aq
0} SME] UMO INO MOTTE ATTENSN ‘GaAIZMOY "JOU Op 2/4,
"yog
sdeyiod — juowasnure Ayjad Jo 902nos v 10 WY 10} Aqqoy
B JOYIO aq 0} suds SUOIOWID puUk sUOTIUA>IUT sTY 02 se
s1oYo Busnyuo, "a1ow dou Surpruus st ay YBnowp ‘sdeus

PYPIN

PJOY 20u op am syarjaq 01 Burpyoose sn ystund 40

UIZI}PIOUT YstOO} dq 0} JapIsUOd am SAE] pue

«P}OM anod uodn suonse
Ino JO saduanbasuod 94} JO spew jo sABA\ ay] Jo 9N0U
ISaIYST]s BY UIAd dye2 P[nom asoyardue pury Ino jo uu
TEU [994 SawUITIOUIOS | ‘sN 10} 10U J] "soAyasIno YsnoI It
92S 02 aNISap ay YOR] SN JO asou J] UAD "UatL Jo SME] AyD
02 a]qeqUNodse aq 03 saytuTeD JOYIO Bu}oIO} YIM SoM
9241] 298 ‘sjestporg usu | eYp Aq pue ‘sn jo AueU ‘pjor

aq wnsy,, ‘sarder saypey Aur ,‘Ayyear ‘spuadap 4],,
"yse | {INO punoy are Kap uaym

, Yons 02 Op nod op 1ey™\ puy,,
«T2 []4 ewn Ayu ‘squsuIaAoU! Jap UT JapAqns JI
‘snoyauinu a10UI Mors Ady? IeYp [994 | ‘sxayI0 UT "Ing UO
Team sread ay se JoMay MOIS SIO]B9z YoNs WU au 03 sUIdas

41 and nos se ‘s10 78

-Qur uayods Jaaau aaey | ‘Aes ou pynoo 7 ‘Ail
jo peoy ay jo yedvrjaq & st yons ayy AA [Maa
Ino joadaooe syesiporg am 10] prey ayy sao WOM
01 SuTyVas JOJ ‘saquTeD jo pasidsap Iso! ay
pasaquunu are pue asixe op Aay] Ing ‘peztueaio eM
ayp 10} You are pue AouTUT ony e are AOU] Sie
Su 0} Surprosoe ye aspn{ pynom oym peol Atl

‘raqaq siouUeU INOA papuTU aaey PjNoYys NO|, SiMe
ay se snowas arinb smous ouRowap s,neg 3nd SN
yadsns | op Jou ‘mouy JOU op | Jo syeads oy wy Ay

4 Jneg ‘snyepury-ye ur uaryiedg snd Jo SUONIE
19310} UOOS 10U ]]IM | ‘OUOTL s[es1pPorg 02 SIMA
SHSIPRIOW IM9YI IOLSAI PY 9BIIUDA OF ANUNUOD Offa ly
Jou puy,, ‘s]reUs [ayy ,,"Qayadsaaa JOU Yano

Ul JOARj JO INO BuT|]ey Ay MO]s St UONNTPRA SIU OS PUB
-emou suorsija1 ut dn pay ore save] AueUl 08 9SIn0y
uonendod jeqow jed0] ays jo sme] Surpreaad apa
-pioooe paspnf are siapuayjo ‘sauawiog ‘UMNO INO JOU
Aq sJ9i[9q 4no asuTeBE Sosua}Jo 10} ssoapar 998 aM tf
ur skew quazayip Aueu aaey s[esiporg afi, (pull
JoBW ay) 01 YEG UONRSIaAUOD dy) SUISUN ‘SIH
neg ,2uINeT]IND "1991209 ssajayzaaau are NOA ING
Aes suozeq pue sisazid papuru-}eus mol
Jonew ou ‘Ainjuao duo] e Auew Jo} 0} ovedionUe NG
4aa9 aavy | sueadoing Aue ueYp 4]0} pazt[tAt aul
aue suaereg ysnoy 1, ‘sysne] [PY «iPles [eA
.quowystund ay uodn 32182 30ui
Aaya J} UdAa ‘saUTID dues ay? aBpayMouyse Wall
yeY? sul9as I], "Aes | ,,{99Y Op a[doad se s9UUeUL SUE
Uy ‘ore AY? SB YONs ‘save] JOY DDIOJUD SUADEIES OPA
jooid ou sary Ajureqa9 | Y NOY? "pjor We | TOYAANG
« [1B Sh 02 WOUTTHOD
Aue UI suIOIsNd INO adIOJUD JOU Op a/\ ‘9n ayOdsT
-Ipoig Suowe ave] jo waasds payrun ou st a9 WU

"pasooy sey ay IY M IB poystes ‘AemMe SUINI [PYDHE
«(9W ]]92 ‘aseayg,, ‘shold we | yjasku oudsag
siayunod JoyRey Au ,JOYSI] ‘Oued yTUsIS JOY Sp

«yn jo ans
[JEW aus Jo JOUOY ay) UOs INOA Op Asea] AIDA SPY
WWpy "Ou Jo pespaymouyoe Ayuado shea |
peq durddiym jo shem seme are 2


"Sometimes," Paul says, taking only the most cur-
sory notice of Michel's insult, "Prodigals walk so fay away
from the path through their actions as to renounce it
entirely."

"The road that you walk, then,"

be denied?"

I inquire, "can also

Apostasy and Ercommunication

My father's expression is grim but resolute as he
teplies, "Yes, Guillaume. Have you never heard of men
who renounce their faith? It is possible, even forCainites."

In all seriousness, Michel interjects, "Though it is
sometimes difficult to discern who has denied the path
entirely, as opposed to simply having lived in gross
spiritual error, according to his own code. Often, we
Cainites do not know the truth of the matter until such
time as the apostate sees fit to come forth and declare
himself as such."

Paul nods, apparently satisfied with the answer, as |
ask, "What do you do about those who behave in such a
manner?"

His young face is awash in an expression somewhere
between resigned serenity and profound sorrow as he
answers, "Most, we allow to leave in peace, provided that
they will have peace with us. We've no wish for violence,
especially not toward those who once walked the Road
of Humanity beside us. Sometimes, it is simply the case
that another Cainite is not meant to travel his long
nights in the Prodigal way. We do not begrudge others
the right to find our way not to their liking."

"But there are always exceptions, are there not?"
Michel coos.

"Yes," "Some will not simply leave the
toad in peace. Instead, they must make of themselves a
spectacle. Some renounce the Road of Humanity with
such vehemence as to bring shame and ignominy to usall
— or at least attempt to do so."

Paul sighs,

"And what do you to with such?" I ask, though it

ms to me that I already know the answer:

My father looks away and replies, "Most we can
persuade to recant their slander. Sometimes, the persua-
sion necessary is distasteful, but it is better than the
alternative. Those who will not repent of their words
must sometimes be exiled far from polite society; some-
times, though it pains me even to speak of it, such
Cainites meet the Final Death. We Prodigals are already
perceived as weak by many of our peers. The esteem we
would lose by allowing apostates to freely belittle our
ways and beliefs is too great a price to pay. Sometimes, we
must choose between evils and hope that our choice is
the lesser of them."

"And then, Paul," Michel mutters, "there are always
others. Some walk in truly grievous error, by Prodigal
accounting. Must not such unfortunates must be driven
from the road, one way or the other?"

oa lt

ROAD: Of

"True enough," my father admits, "As unpleasant
it is to contemplate, sometimes Cainites cannot oF
not grasp the teachings of the road and, by theiracti
threaten to pollute its teachings and perhaps lead othem
off into the darkness tha they chemi court. [tis

such failed Prodigals our siden our companioi
and our love in the hopes that they will thereby
moved to seek out a philosophy more in keeping i
their practices."

Though the question forming in m'
foolish to me, | am compelled to ask it anyy
always work?"

"No," ‘As with all things in thiswot
nothing is assured. While we do not persecute
apostate, neither will we give him succor. Often,
shunning leads him to another road, one better suitell

Paul answers, "

of. They are, through their rage and isolation, tra
formed. They become the Soulles

The Soulless

"What do you mean, ‘soulless'?" I ask

At this, Paul sighs heavily and even Michel's st
assured demeanor slips just a bit. It is plainly a sil
with which neither of them is comfortable, and | alimg
believe that my father regrets having mentioned itintht
first place. Regardless, he steels himself and replies
the Soulless. The Beast unchained, released from tht
bonds of propriety, honor, dignity, hope and sanity,
Cainites may lose themselves forever in monstrous
and horror, but we Prodigals alone put a name to ittthy
Second Death. For a death it is to descend into everlits
ing wickedness and even mindlessness, a ravenousaniffi
possessed of the cunning of a man and the powers df
demon loosed upon the Earth. The Soulless are mig
and terrible."

Too curious to keep my silence, | inquire, "Whata
you do about them?"

Michel interrupts, "One runs and hopes not tol
the slowest among one's companions."

Paul shudders, slightly and briefly, and I wondetil
his knowledge of the subject is purely academic or iff
has firsthand experience of it. "Michel, sadly, has tha
right of it. Most of the time, we can do little save tof
in haste, though I would not advocate leaving afi
behind as a feast for such a monster. Sometimes
innocentsare threatened, more drastic measures needy
be taken. Under such circumstances, many Cainitey
even dire enemies, are willing to band together; fi
defeating one of the Soulless is deadly serious busing
and is not a task undertaken lightly. Any divisivenei
between the hunters is apt to bring about their doomll


fm told of an
ier of our kind dedi-
ified to hunting down and purging the Soulless by
sword, but I have never, to my knowledge, met with
any of them."
Mtsounds quite terrible," I assert
Paul nods and smiles but a little, "It is. Fortunately,
nigh, the Soulless are rare beasts. Most of us possess
igh sense of self to fend off such horrid temptations
fd keep control over our actions."
"Or else some Cainites see the signs of it in others
indo what they must," Michel mutters.
"Indeed," Paul assents. "I hear, though, that the
vals in the night, conflicts of which you would
sinderstand little and need be told nothing, Guillaume,
save taken their toll upon the spirits of many, leading

we shall have need of such wary protectors before
War in shadows in done."
Then, Paul grows silent and says no more of the matter.

"Surely," I say, "there must be better things we could

mak of, something joyous."

Paul blinks away whatever grim reverie was consum-
ighim and looks to me once more. His face breaks into
flatboyish grin again. "You remind me much of myself,

fillaume. 1 am told that I, too, often turn solemn

subjects into happy

ones, if | am able. It is

good to know that you are not asullen man, my son. But,
as to your question; yes, indeed, there are better things
we might speak of. Not always joyous, but certainly more
worthy of discussion than the fates of those truly lost to
damnation. Let me tell you what itis like tosee with clear
sight. Asa mortal man, you do not know what itis to feel
outside of humanity, cut off from and eternally denied
that which makes you happy. You take being a man for
granted, and why should you not?"

He rises from his seat upon asking this question, and
for the span of a few breaths I wonder if Paul is waiting
for an answer. Soon though I realize that, as seems his
habit, he is posing the question to himself rather than to
any other person. I glance over at Michel, who seems
bored. Obviously, he has heard this answer, or one like
it, before.

Moments of Truth

"Are you a father, Guillaume?" my own father asks

me. The question seems oddly out of place, a bit jarring,
even. It pulls me suddenly out of this fanciful world in
which my father is some kind of youthful immortal and
back into my own younger days, when my hair rested
more thickly upon my pate and was more blond than
white. It reminds me of holding my twin children in my
arms: one a stillborn boy and the other a healthy baby
girl. | actually feel a stinging at the corners of my eyes, so
strongly does the remembrance of it assail me

ee

+ CHAPTER-ONE


"Yes," I reply, "I am. Or rather, I was. My daughter
died shortly after marrying. It was many years ago now,
but I can still see it as though it were happening in front
of me. She was with child, though it was the better part
of a season before the babe was to be born. It was a fever.
My little Yvonne was afflicted with fits of trembling. She
said to me, ‘I'm so cold, father,' even as the sweat poured
from her brow. She felt alight as though from a fire
within. She died in the late autumn. I remember that the
ground was so hard from the cold and we worked long to
carve her grave out of the earth, as though it could not
bear to take her from us."

Ican feel the tears slip from my eyesas the last words
leave my lips. Paul takes hold of my palsied old hand and
speaks. "It is that passion, that reality of the world in
which you live, that makes your humanity so beautiful
and so wondrous, my son. We Cainites come to forget in
time that which moves us to tears, for long years make it
too painful to remember what it meant to grieve or to
laugh. And, yet, we Prodigals must struggle every night
to recall. Just hearing it from you, I feel the nearness of
your sorrow, as though you laid her in the earth just
yesterday."

Tears of deep crimson slash their way down his
cheeks. Looking into his eyes, I see myself reflected
there. I have never sat before a stranger mirror. Some-
how, I can tell that he is looking through my stare, that
he sees Yvonne, if not in truth, than in an imagination
I can only assume to be much grander than my own. In
that moment, through my loss and sadness, he comes to
know who his granddaughter was, if only in his own
mind. For him, it seems to be enough. He releases my
hands from his grip and rises.

"Cainites, for our part, must try much harder to
know such revelations of the simple truth of what it
means to be human," Paul whispers, "It is so easy to lose
sight of that, as every night becomes like each that
preceded it and each that will follow. Sometimes, even

the most dedicated of us stumble upon the road and
require moments that bring us back to ourselves, mo-
ments toawaken oursouls to who we were and give us the

strength to contend with what we have now become.
Thank you for telling me of Yvonne. I know there is so
much more to tell of her, and perhaps one night I shall
hear it. But, for tonight, it is enough for me to know that
Thave failed you and her."

"Oh, yes," Michel snipes, forgotten until now, "this
is much better than the last subject."

Paul runs the back of his hand across his cheeks,
smearing the blood there. It is only now that I realize how
horrific he looks, his face sullied with blood that has
leaked from his very eyes. I must startle or otherwise
display my fear and disgust, for he turns away quickly to
once more face his companion. Ashe takes outa kerchief
and more thoroughly cleans himself, my father replies,
"Better things, Michel, are not always joyous. Much may

be learned in sorrow, if only you would accept that thet
are matters greater than your own aggrandizement, plea
sure and well-being, or the thwarting of them as it maj
be, to be found in this world; matters worth weeping
over."

Michel huffs, "I've yet to find one, Paul. But willl
certain to inform you if I shoul

"Do you mean to tell me," I ask my father, "thatyoll
find something in the story of my Yvonne to prove toydll
the goodness of your own way?"

"Absolutely," he says, his voice scarcely more thal
a whisper, "for I see in your tale the beauty of whatit
means to be human. It is not always a safe beauty anil
certainly not always a happy one, but we learn by oil
tears as often as we do by our laughter, perhaps molt
often. When you tell me of my own granddaughter ath
I see her through your words, | am moved to consid
what might have been, had I but had the courage tomy
harder, to be the father I should have been, rather thi
a ghost and a memory."

"Are these revelations ever happier affairs?" | feel
compelled to ask.

Paul smiles broadly and it is as though all of hil
sorrow is lifted from him. The sincerity in his young fade
and the light in his eyes lifts from me my burden as Wal
and | am left with not the sorrow of Yvonne's death, bi
instead the happiness I knew as her father. He laught
gently and says, "Of course, my son. Some momentsi
truth are known to bring us happiness. Here, now ill
you Guillaume, I can rejoice. | know what I have nil
been to you, what I can never be, but I now knowalsothe
man you have become in my absence. I know for cértalll
that something worthwhile has come of my mortal life"

Unbidden, the words leave my lips, "Even whenjai
know that I must die soon and end all that which yal
have made in the world of men?"

He answers me. "No man's legacy is immortal, evel
ifhe himselfis. Normally, the father lives on throughtha™
son. In this instance, I hope that something of the Sai
will live on in the father."

The air grows thick with silent moments. Finalljfl
murmur, "So, that is all there is to it, then?"

My father considers his words carefully before repli
ing, "It would seem so."

Farewell

I can feel a tightening in my throat and, incrediblg
as it seems, | realize that I am not eager for this parting
I cannot imagine why, but sadness at the thought of mij
father's departure, the father who has been nothingmotg
than atale told by a sorrowing mother, is upon me. Ife
twice cheated, but I know what it is | must say and di

"Father," I begin, "Ican call you that now, butitdoam
not change what has been all these long years. Itdoestitt
change what will come in the few short days left tomegm

we

EP EES SF rene

+» ROAD*OF*HUMANITY


ihe long centuries that stretch before you. | wonder, will
ibeto you more than a dream as ages turn and the world
Nisunmade and made anew?"

Paul shudders and, again, red tears begin to flow. He
ftitchesasob in his throatand chokes upon itforan instant
Whatever words he first intended to say die there and are
ieplaced with another sentiment, "I could —"

*No," I cuthim off. "Do not. I would accept, and that
not truly what | wish. I see Death clearly now and I
have known enough of him in my life to fear him. My
Sood sense, though, tells me to fear far more the life you
Would offer, such as it is. Of course, | am enough the
pioung and foolish man I once was for my fear to over-
poome my sense. Best not to ask at all. You are too young
be my father now and I am too old to be your son."

"love you, Guillaume," my father whispers

"And |, you, father," I reply, "But we cannot undo
history. You have explained to me why you were gone all
pny youth and come to me only now in the lonely twilight
my life, and I forgive you. But I cannot forget. I will
ot. lowe that much to my mothe

Hoved her."

{love her still," Paul replies,

As do you, ifever you

And you are right. It
ppains me to say it and the regret of it stings me deeply,
but, as | myself have told you this night, not all that is
ivorth saying brings happiness. Indeed, much of what is
Most worthwhile ends in sorrow. What is there to say
TOW, save goodbye?"

I answer for us both, "Nothing. Nothing at all."

He stands for a long moment, agonizing over the
choice that has already been made, before turning and
leaving my home, Michel with him. Idly, Michel waves
to me without turning to see that 1 wave in return. I do
not

I watch them recede into the distance, uncertain of
what to do from here. I know that I will take some time
in digesting much of what was said here. I will spend the
test of my days, few though they may be, chewing on
much of it without resolution. Strangely, lamunbothered
by the fact. As my father disappears into the darkni
borne away by dim starlight into the night, I know that
I will never see him again. Perhaps this is as it should be.
I see in him too much of the life which has passed me by
and, perhaps, he sees in me too much of the death that
will never come for him. Still, if my guess is right, he has
seen, though the eyes of his bent and gray-haired son,
something of what it means to be human. Though his
young and vibrant eyes, | am quite certain that I have
also seen much the same. Much, if not all, of the sense of
betrayal I felt as a child and young man is gone, replaced
by an abiding pity for my father and what must become
of himasall he knows withers and dies with the relentless
turning of the seasons.

Suddenly, | am very much comforted by the notion
that it will notbe long until lam together with Marie and
Yvonne once more.



HAPCER TWO:
DEAD BUC NOT
DAMNED

... Now man derives his spe¢iestrom his rational soul: and
consequently whatever i§ Contrary to the order of
reason is, properly speaking, contrary to the nature of
man...

— Thomas Aquinas, Summa Theologica

Much more goes into the creation ofa Prodigal than a childe's initial
decision, conscious or otherwise, not to be consumed by the fury of the
Beast. Even for those who would discover the Road of Humanity in their
own time and in their own way, many steps must be taken. Prodigals are
not sired; they are made

Two Sides of the OneRoad

As one of the two "root roads" (the other being the Road of the
Beast), the Via Humanitatis can be reached in one of two ways: naturally
or through training. While most adherents to the Via Bestiae couldn't
care less how a Cainite came to walk that path, something of a sense of
moral conflict and even, on one side, elitism does exist between these
two overarching branches of the Road of Humanity

The distinction is mostly one-sided, with those educated in the
road's ethics (most often members of the High Clans, though the
Assamites are a notable exception) occasionally adopting a superior
stance towards the more instinctive walkers upon the Via Humanitatis. Int


eS

=

we seen ees eet cere es,

J,

}
|

weer 77

~~,

ee

many ways, this is primarily an issue of High Clan against
Low Clan. To those Cainites formally educated in the ways
of the Road of Humanity, however, it is much more a
reflection of the fall of the road in recent centuries. Any
common clod can stave off the Beast through rote repetition
of mortal thought and action, but it takes a Cainite of
station, erudition and quality to calculatedly thwart that
Beast with exacting discipline

Those who come to the road on their own usually have
little interest in the enmity that the "educated" Prodigals
project toward them, reasoning that all who would walk the
toad are peers who should be aiding one another, rather
than creating artificial distinctions for the purposes of
imposing a caste system. Indeed, to these instinctive Prodi-
gals, there is no difference
matters more complicated than they need to be?

Learning the Bath

For those taught the ways of the Via Humanitatis,

The road is what it is, why make

fending off the Beast isa learned skill. Initiates who come to
the road in this way are taught not to be human (that is now
forever beyond them), but instead how to use human
responses to situations as a means of exerting a sense of self-
control and maintaining one's faculties in the face of
adversity. These Cainites learn how an individual's actions
and reactions toward society help to define that individual
The Cainite's primary objective in participating appropri-
ately within a functional social structure in not "being good"
or any other such meaningless abstraction; the objective is
to leave the Beast no weakness to exploit in its endless quest
to rob the vampire of reason and self-determination.

This interpretation of the road benefits ftom millennia
of Cainite observation of kine, with careful attention to
what works and what does not. Long ago, the sages of the Via
Humanitatis noted that the road has precious little to do
with the breadth of potential human responses to situations
(which can vary from the sublime to the pointlessly malevo-
lent); it relies instead upon what people should do in a
society in which they value others as much as they do
themselves. By treating the world and the beings in it with
respect and dignity, it becomes possible to leash the Beast
Indeed, some such scholars note, these very secular con-
cerns seem to be the primary ethics behind the major faiths
of the world: do not kill people, steal what is not your own
or wish harm upon others, for example. The truths penned
at the instruction of the Almighty seem to be nothing more
than what is necessary for the weakest among men to be free
of fear of the strongest. To irreligious Cainites upon the
Road of Humanity, it raises curious questions about why
such ethics were promulgated in the earliest days of human-
ity and by whom, and it remains a point of contention
between the walkers on the Road of Heaven and some of the
most learned of Prodigals to this night

Of course, it is very easy to be human when one is born
to it. It is much more difficult to deliberately cultivate
socially responsible human reactions to situations as fune-
tions of an artificial morality (and, from this perceptive, that

is exactly what the Via Humanitatis is). Even the average
human being does not, for example, suffer a blow a
another's hands without at least wanting to react violently
even if only for an instant. But that instant, in a Cainiteig
where the Beast insinuates its influence and attempts t@
wrest control away from the higher mind. The Cainitemay
need to respond violently toa situation but, even whensh
acts upon that need, she must learn not to want to. Sheis
taught to scorn and reject the "dark" emotions (lust, rage
and the like) that motivate crimes against social stabilityy
even when she is made to react to outside influences in@
manner that would normally indicate capitulation to such
emotions. Effectively, the vampire learns to deny those
desires that would or could lead to inflicting harm, bj
action or omission, upon another

Finding the Path

On the other side of the equation are those whi
discover the Road of Humanity on their own. Unlike theif
counterparts on the Road of the Beast, these Cainitsl
choose to deny their savage urges, seeking to achieve peace
and balance through a sense of the people they once wert
as opposed to the monsters they now are. Though alf
accurate count would, for obvious reasons, prove impogl
sible, itis probably the case that more walkers upon the Vig
Humanitatis arrived there by way of personal discovery
rather than formalized education. Truth be told, eveal
many sires and other would-be tutors upon the road lack aml
objective enough understanding of it to adequately ind
struct their childer in its tenets. Most can offer onlf
intuitive and not terribly helpful suggestions as to thé
particular beliefs of the road (the sort of thing that thé
average person could figure out), so these childer end up
more or less self-taught in its ways, even if they are building
upon the foundations laid by their sires.

Often, among clans that scorn the Via Humanitatit
childer who would embrace the values of their former lived
(or at least values reasonably similar) end up as renegade
learning for themselves what works and what does noty
This not-inconsiderable population of vagabond Cainiteg
is, in many ways, representative of the archetypical selfa
schooled Prodigal; outcast from the societies of man and
vampire alike in their early nights, seeking to come to grip
with what they have become and forging a sense of disd
pline and control that will help to stave off the Beast. Many
Low Clan Cainites, lacking their high-blooded kin's stané
dards of propriety, see greater value in allowing the
childer to discover their own beliefs rather than thrusting
moral codes upon them, as though ethics were something
that could be meaningfully taught purely as an abstraction

This approach to the Road of Humanity is much mam
organic than the formal training espoused by the eldest
among the Brujah and Toreador. While the lack of am
outside perspective on the road's beliefs can sometimes
ahindrance, itis justas often the case that this morensdil
understanding is a boon to the Cainite. When a trained
Prodigal might be wondering how a conscientious humatl


should" act in a given situation, the self-taught one simply
actsasshe thinks she should, since no definitively "right" or
"wrong" answers exist, only those which are moral or
immoral, according to her own beliefs. The untaught have
the benefit of self-determination; they are not attempting
tolive up to a fully artificial ideal

AMiddle Way

Some Cainites find their way upon the Road of Hu-
Manity through a combination of formalized training and
eronal instinct. In older nights, this approach to the road
was rare, but it becomes increasingly common in the Dark

Medieval. $

the formalized road and the intuitively realized one may

sme speculate that the distinctions between

Nanish within a matter of mere centuries, a development
Which many powerful Cainites on both sides of the issue are
linhappy about. As the War of Princes truly hits its stride,
Many sires and would-be teachers find themselves with
Precious little time to impart the important lessons of the
Via Humanitatis, forcing many neonates to discover the
path with incomplete teachings as their guide.
gies who would otherwise allow progeny to discover the

Likewise,

Toad on their own are now realizing that this time of moral
Bandaries and dangerous politics requires a more direct
land forceful hand, causing some of them to teach their
hildren some basic lessons about the Road of Humanity,
that they may quickly and effectively discover the road and
foctis their attentions upon survival

Strife Upon the Road

As stated above, the distinction between instructed
ivalker and instinctive one is mostly a matter of High Clan
against Low Clan, but elements of education versus igno-
fiance and discipline versus intuition also dog this argument
Rotthe most part, those who discover the road on their own
don't much care to engage in debate on the subject (some
Mthem don't even see themselves as walking a road, after
ill), though some are quite vehement in their insistence
hat their more organic approach to the Via Humanitatis is
Sidalways will be superior to the clinical, even calculated,
approximation of moral behavior espoused by those trained
othe road.

While the ethics practiced by instinctive and in-
Stcted Prodigals are more or less identical, the reasons for
Practicing them are very distinct from one another. The
ihitored Prodigal is, in some ways, much more of a moral
ragmatist and even something of a mercenary, embracing
ihe code strictly because it will allow her to ward off the
Beast. The instinctive seeker has the benefit of sincere
belief, but lacks the framework of tradition (and the tried-
find-true methods that go along with it) from which the
formally trained Prodigal benefits. It is not a dispute that
Pfomises to he resolved any time soon

Certainly, though, most Cainites do not advertise the
inanner in which they were "brought up" (so to speak); and
Baiven Prodigal's approach to the Via Humanitatis is only
lptto become apparent through regular interactions with

others, especially those upon her own road. Some educated
Prodigals are an exception to this rule, expressing their
devotion to the Road of Humanity in a very obvious
fashion, hinging far more upon aesthetics and reason than
genuine emotion, but these are rare. Such a method of
adherence is, however, somewhat common among particu-
larly old Cainites upon the Road of Humanity. This approach
can be strange, even disturbing, to one who has no previous
experience with it, as the vampire mimics human actions
and responses with a rote precision almost never found
among actual kine.

Training andTnitiation

Regardless of how the Cainite finds the Via Humanitatis,
he muststrive to realize within himself those things that make
him a Prodigal. For some, this takes the form of rigorous
instruction by a sire or other mentor, while, for others, it is
much more a matter of discerning for oneself the states of
mind that best stave off the assaults of the Beast and deny it
a foothold within the soul. Being a Prodigal, after all, is much
more than pretending to be human whether or not the
adherent knows how to articulate that fact.

Being initiated onto the road is, in the case of formalized
instruction, often a matter of no small pomp and ceremony.
Sire and teacher both (if they are not one and the same) are
present, as are at least a handful of other local adherents to the
Via Humanitatis. Even self-taught Prodigals, when invited,
often attend these gatherings to honor the newly educated
neonate, if only to show support and to help bestow a sense of
community and belonging, so important in thwarting the
wiles of the Beast, upon the young Prodigal. Readings from the
Book of Nod (often those focusing upon Caine's damnation for
his brutal, selfish act and those which speak of salvation and
peace for the penitent soul) are not uncommon, especially
when sire or teacher is old or particularly traditional. Also,
many formal teachers of the Road of Humanity ask the childe
to recite the Pact of Athens (see p. 41) and, perhaps, to enter
into a discourse on it with the assembled Cainites, discussing
its obvious significance and its deeper meanings. Other cus-
toms vary from place to place, though joyous celebrations,
somber philosophical debates and everything in between
have been seen.

Those who find the Road of Humanity on their own
seldom receive any kind of formal recognition for their
accomplishments. Sometimes, a particularly kindly older
Prodigal takes it upon himself to hold a gathering in honor of
theself-taught Cainite, but this just as often comes offas being
quite an awkward and even sometimes condescending affair.
Accordingly, many new Prodigals of this variety are known to
turn down any such offer. It just seems pointless to most such
Cainites to accept praise for choosing to act in a manner
befitting a civilized human being.

Rituals and Customs

Trying to assign a sweeping and unified sense of pur-
pose to the Prodigals is like trying to find one in humanity
asa whole; nothing more than the broadest generalizations


will suffice and, somewhere, someone is acting as an excep-
tion to the rule. Most customs among Prodigals deal with
the very basics of Cainite existence, serving as a reminder
of the community in which they all partake, a shared state
that makes all of their kind brothers and sisters in Caine.

The Creation of Progeny

For many Prodigals, the Embrace of a childe and the
induction of that childe onto the Via Humanitatis is the
closest thing a Cainite gets to the natural birth and normal
upbringing of children. As mortal human behavior is to be
observed attentively, many adherents of the road eventu-
ally seek to emulate this most basic tenet of mortality,
pending, of course, the permission of any local Cainite
authorities to do so.

The downside of this, however, is that creating an-

other vampire is, in many respects, a dire sin, loosing
another affliction upon the world. Prodigals must balance
carefully this desire for companionship and a legacy with
the need to check that desire for the sake of the world
around them

Those Who Serve: Ghouls

The Road of Humanity as a whole takes a dim view of
the (regrettably, often necessary) act of putting a mortal
under the blood. The blood oath is a loathsome form of
slavery; no amount of self-deception, when the needy
creature is clutching like an animal at one's feet, praying for
a drop of sweet, precious vitae, can allow the Cainite to
believe otherwise. It is a wholly unnatural servitude, en-
forced only through the continual infusion of the mortal
with the vampire's cursed and stolen life force. It is, put
plainly, an act of selfishness and even evil

Of course, it is sometimes necessary to create a ghoul,
though itis an act no Prodigal undertakes lightly. The Cainite
who does so enters into a relationship between master and
servant, one in which the servant has absolutely no choice in
the matter. Some Prodigals attempt to assuage their sense of

A ROAD FOR ALL PEOPLE

interestin

least in the founded mat
faith (if any), prosperity (or lack there
or even gender, all are welcome upon the

tcomf nany S

guilt by putting the blood upon a hurtful or otherwise ill
socialized person, in order to mitigate that individual'scapaeil
for harm, but most do not allow themselves the luxury
pretending to adopt any kind of moral high ground in this
In general, the best the Prodigal can do when faced with the
need for a ghoul is to treat the wretch with kindness and
compassion, and to eventually give release from such gi
subjugation through the servant's death. All told, itis consife

eredan unwholesome business; and it is often thoughtimpolifé
todiscuss the matter socially, save among more philosophiall
adherents to the road, who often like to engage in debatd
about what is and is not acceptable upon the Via Humanita
(and such Cainites almost never discuss their own ghoulsif
this fashion).

Ercommunication

For a road without any truly formal organization)
excommunication is a difficult proposal. Granted, sevetil
cults of personality have sprung up around powerful) infil
ential, deviant or otherwise noteworthy Prodigals, butmoit
walkers upon the Road of Humanity exist with the undal
standing that they are their own judges. How does one tél
another that she is not being "human enough," after all
when such an idea is very much open to interpretation!
Those Prodigals who fail to faithfully adhere to the tenett
of the Via Humanitatis tend, by dint of their own motil
laxity, to lead themselves into degeneration, obviatingtht
need for this form of punishment.

Of course, some few Prodigals do manage to offends
badly and flagrantly against the Road of Humanity, with
neither any sign of remorse for doing so nor any indicatioll
S)

fashion, that it would be irresponsible of the teachers of the

that they will cease acting in such a shameful and w

road to allow such Cainites to continue to on in suchil
mockery of its ethics. In such a case, local leaders on th
road simply agre

to discontinue guidance for the indl
vidual in question, denying them the critical source

inspiration often necessary in order to find one's wayill
times of moral crisis. In the event of truly abhorrent
activities, correspondence is sent to teachers and evetl
ks travel around, informing them of the
enormity of the Cainite's crimes and strongly suggesting

paragons for wee

thathe receive no further aid from the educators of histoadl
Though many are loath to essentially condemn anothéf
vampire to a slow, agonizing degeneration into monstrou®
ness, some affronts are simply too extreme to pardon. This

is about as formal as excommunication on the Vig
Humanitatis becomes. The road isn't really organized enough
for anything more to be truly viable.

Apostasy

Just as it is difficult to definitively excommunicated
Cainite from the Road of Humanity, so, too, is branding
another vampire an apostate from the road a complica
matter at best. When a vampire decides to abandon the Vig
Humanitatis, few bother to give the matterasecond thought)
unless the apostate does so in a manner which brutally and

-ROADOPHUMANITY -

eeiaderce Sabie ca


terribly offends against the tenets of the road, somehow
damages the road's reputation or calls its ethics into ques.
tion in such a way that even dedicated Prodigals are made
towaver in their beliefs.

Particularly horrific violations of the Via Humanitatis
generally lead the offender into the clutches of the Beast in
short order, unless he is spiritually prepared to abandon his
toad and take up another, If he seems in danger of doing so
without any planned recourse, it is not unknown for the
knights of the Twilight Order (see p. 51) to take it upon
themselves to perform the unhappy task of dispatching the
filing Prodigal, before she becomes, in her moral error,
something far more monstrous than any normal Cainite.

Celebrations

The Road of Humanity often seems to lack the pomp
and ceremony common to most other roads. While the
other roads can celebrate the things that make them unique,
theRoad of Humanity is, by its very nature, nota creed that
tevels in uniqueness. Or, rather, it is perhaps more accurat
Tsay that its practitioners, overall, do not have as much of
asense of distinction from their mortal beliefs and codes of
¢onductas do Cainites with other systems of morality. Who
ttlebrates the thoughts and actions inherent in just being
human? Conversely, who would celebrate the thoughts and
ations inherent in trying to be human, or at least pretend-
ing to be

Ultimately, it is the formally trained Prodigals who
Sem to share in the far greater number of celebrations,
festivals and rituals of the road. This is fitting, given their
Gognizance of the artificiality of the Via Humanitatis (from
theperspective from which they learn it, at any rate). Just
@with contrived mortal institutions (such as churches and
ations) celebrations in this particular branch of the road
Make examples of its tenets and serve to direct its adherents
more thoroughly embody its beliefs.

AeRevels of Carthage

An institution begotten by Brujah Prodigals, the Rev-
els of Carthage have, over the course of recent centuries,
een opened to all Cainites who would walk the Via
Humanitatis. Built upon an idealized remembrance of the
May in which the Zealots recall the history of "their" city,
the Revels celebrate a society in which Cainites and kine
Goexisted peacefully, without fear or hatred of one another.
Itisawhitewashed accounting of history, to be certain, but
Mone that even those elder Brujah (who know some or, in
Tate cases, all of the truth of the matter) who deign to
sPatticipate find real value in. Afterall, who cares what truly
happened then, if a sanitized memory of it can inspire
pntonates to improve the world now?

The celebration usually lasts for about a fortnight and
inclidesplaysstaged by Cainites young and old, recounting
@he virtues (and, rarely, vices) of the Carthaginian vam-
pires of old, intense philosophical debates on the matter of
the Beast, the human spirit and other (sometimes com-

pletely unrelated) matters, and discussions about the possi-
bility of the creation ofan enlightened Cainite domain, one
in which mortal and undead might knowingly and freely
walk side-by-side. Other activities take place as well, of

course; political alliances are made and broken, messages
are exchanged and correspondences delivered, and liaisons
occur in the shadows. Recent Revels have vilified the
Tremere and some plays and recitations have even raised
Saulotup to the station ofa martyred saint. Young Prodigals
attending past Revels have sometimes made powerful allies
in great elders or even paragons upon the Road of Humanity
and most of them thrill to the egalitarian atmosphere, in
which the freshest neonate might (if she has the tongue for
it) discourse more or less as an equal with the most erudite

ITH AND THE Via HumaniraTis

hile nothing about the Road of Hu

manity makes of ita religion, neither does
the road condemn the practice of kine faiths. Indeed
certain philosophical stances circulating among the

road's adherents celebrate participation in rel

nas
a productive means of immersion in community and
mortal vitality. Of course, many instinctive walkers
upon the road were persons of at least some measure of
faith before the Embrace and, while becomingaCainite
utterly destroys faith in some, it serves to reinvigorate
it in others. The end result is that perhaps as many as
a half to nwo-thirds (no one has ever conducted an
accurate census, after all) of all Prodigals have some
kind of faith in a higher power beyond an incompr
hensible abstraction

Prox

more laxity in their faith than do most mortals of the

Is,-for the: most-part, tend toward a bit

time, though a scant few (especially those inclined to
see themselves as truly damned) thoroughly entrench
themselves in their religions and use the Road of
Humanity (seeing themselves "unworthy" of the Via
(

li) asa shield against whatever "demon" or "imp"

or "djinn" seeks to drag them down into insanity and
depravity everlasting. Some are simply devout practi
tioners of their faiths (6 the degree to which a Cainite
can accurately adhere to the doctrines of almost any
major religion of the known world, at any rate),

natic in their beliefs nor g

neither

en merely to lip
service. Ultimately, the question of what to believe in
and whether to believe at all isa choice each Prodigal
must make for herself. Many walkers upon the Road of
Humanity get along perfectly well without the need
for religion at all. The Divine, should It (by whatever
name) exist, such Prodigals reason, is either so directly
involved in the workings of the Universe as to be
inextricable from them or élse so remote from Cre
ation as to be an unnecessary concern among the
undead. In either case) they argue that the world of
flesh is the here and now, and it is the world to which

Cainites owe their undivided attention

a

Pa Ne)

REWO + D waee L 43:


ancient; possibilities that, for many, more than make up for
the inconvenience andeven peril inherentin long travel by
land or sea. For the part of old Cainite luminaries, the
prospect of gaining young, eager hands in far-flung corners
of the world makes the journey worthwhile.

During the Revels, those who kill or even unduly harm
a mortal are looked upon with disdain and may even be
expelled from the festivities. Some say that particularly
horrid offenders are sometimes followed and either put into
torpor or even put to the Final Death, their ashes inter-
mingled with coarse salt or soot and cast into the wind or
the sea, though this assertion may be nothing more than a
rumor. The festivities take place across the entirety of the
city in which the Prodigals gather and only a few meetings
include even a majority of the Cainites present, let alone
all. It isa time for Prodigals to find strength in acommunity
of their own and to reawaken that which is most human
within themselves. It is a time for them to take joy in being
vampires who have chosen to walk as men.

The Revels of Carthage are usually organized by one or
more Prodigal elders (usually Brujah, though often with the
aid of anumber of ancillae and neonates of various clans) and
are normally undertaken once every decade, often in one of
the larger cities of the south and east, such as Cairo or
Baghdad; somewhere capable of playing host, even if only
temporarily, tothe large number of Cainites whocome to take
part. Traditionally, great boons are offered to non-Prodigal
princes who play host to the Revels, while Prodigal princes
benefit from the profound esteem of their fellows. The recent
ignition of the War of Princes and the chaos of its opening
aggressions temporarily suspended the tradition of the Revel
The last Revels of Carthage were held in the closing years of
the 12th century, on the isle of Cyprus (while the prince,
Nehemiah, did not participate, neither did he act to prevent
the festival fromreachinghisshores). Currentspeculation has
the next site of the Revelsas Constantinople, both in memory
of Michael the Patriarch (who, historically, did not take part
in the celebration but was openly a great supporter of its
ideals) and in hopes of revitalizing the City of Cities. The
elders working to reestablish the Revels have made overtures
to Natalya Syvatoslav, the Brujah Prodigal whom many
Greek Byzantine Cainites are supporting as a potential re-
placement for the Latin conqueror-prince, Alfonzo. Time
will tell how this obvious play by elder walkers upon the Via
Humanitatis to put a sympathetic prince (one who venerates
the ideal ofancient Carthage) upon Constantinople'sCainite
throne culminates.

The Lamentation for Seth

Held in the autumn ,and believed to be a holdover
from ancient pagan practices, the Lamentation for Seth is
intended to honor those kine who have died to slake the
thirst of Cainites (especially Prodigals). It is equal parts
harvest festival, remembrance of prey, fertility rite and vigil
for the dead. Not all Prodigals celebrate the Lamentation,
nor do all cities containing Prodigals host it. Some say it
was first conceived of by Prodigal Cappadocians, or even

Gangrel. For many, it is too barbaric a practice and if
offends against the sensibilities of those who were raised in
the traditions of the Abrahamic faiths. This is fitting, forit
may well stretch back to days long before Moses com
manded the pharaoh to free his people.

The Lamentation takes place on the night of the
Autumnal Equinox and it is attended by Cainites, ghouls
and those members of herds who are aware of the nature of
Cainites. Gangrel, Malkavian and Nosferatu Prodigals par
ticularly favor the Lamentation, as do some rate
Cappadocians and Lamia, though no walker upon theRoad
of Humanity is excluded, should she wish to participate:
The opening ceremonies of the celebration usually take
place in a graveyard or cave, someplace symbolic of death,

Cainites, ghouls and herd members enter into the Lane
entation forSethasone, without distinction for theirrespective
stations. In older times, it was customary forall participantsto
be robed and hooded, though this is no longer always the case,
Chants (now usually in archaic Latin, though older, pag
tongues, such as Gallic, Pictish and Teuton are sometimes
heard in isolated corners of Europe) are recited. The exact
wording varies from place to place, but the themes remaift
iving thanks to the souls of the slain for yieldingup
their lives to feed the Sons and Daughters of Caine; making
sincere expressions of sorrow and remorse; sending prayers OF
well-wishes for the dead (depending upon the faith, ifany,of
the participants);and voicingcondemnation of the Beast that
compels all Cainites to hunt and kill the living.

constar

mentation then
moves out intoa clear, open space beneath the night sky, one
devoid of the presence of death. Atthis site, a sumptuous feast
has been laid out for consumption by the ghouls and herd
members. Also, an animal, trussed and blindfolded (since the
rise of Christianity, lambs are favored for this purpose) anda
cup full of ashes are present. While the mortals eat and drink
their fill, the Cainites recite from the Book of Nod, especially
the admonition to "drink only blood and eat only ashes," and
cut the throat of the animal. Each Cainite drinks from it, dips
her fingers into the cup of ashes and then smears those ashes
upon her tongue. This is followed by a period of contempll
tion, while the feast continues.

Ifatall possible, the procession for the L:

Finally, the food and drink are exhausted and the kine,
all drunk upon heady spirits and some few upon vitae, enter
tic celebration, overseen by the Cainites. As
mortals are locked in the throes of ecstasy, the vampires feed
upon them, each drinking but little from several different

into an org

kine. It is considered a great honor among Cainites for oneto
invite another to drink deeply of a member of her herd,
particularly a beautiful or otherwise desirable one, at this
time. Children conceived during this stage of the Lamenta-
tion are considered well-favored by Caine and may be
groomed for later Embrace.

When the kine are spent and the Cainites drunk upon
their bliss and the drink in their blood, all rest together as
one, acommunity, united in spirit. As the night grows thin,

the Cainites rise to seek shelter from the sun, while the kine


dispose of the slain animal (butchering it for consumption
the next night if it is a beast suited to that purpose) and
@leanse the site of all traces of the Lamentation. Sometimes,
@houls or herd members who wish to do honor to their
Cainite carve a piece of one of the animal's bones into a
itinket for remembrance. Particularly grand carvings earn
Bteem for the mortal or mortals involved

n lands yet unbroken by
ithe Cross, the trussed beast is replaced by a willing mortal
Feithera ghoul or herd member), though it is customary in
uch cases to drink directly from the vessel. Also, the mortal
smaybe offered any number of partners to couple with before
Hsetving as the sacrifice.

Occasionally, usually in p:

ach Cainite present offers thanks
Mirectly to the mortal and may present him with gifts
pintended to aid him in the underworld. Sometimes, this
Wesel is Embraced by one of the Cainites present. If the
Willing victim is not Embraced, however, the body is often
fendered to ash by the kine participants and saved for use
the next year.

Recently, the Giovanni family of the
(Cappadocian clan has taken some interest in
the Lamentation and a few of them have

been sent to participate. Year

Likewise, a very fewmor-

AY.

tal members of the family'

teered (likely coerced) to serve as sacrifices. What this bodes,
however, none can or will say

The obviously pagan tradition of the Lamentation in-
cites the ire of devout Christian Cainites and mortals alike
(what few mortals hear of it, at any rate), and much effort has
been put forth to see it stamped out entirely in recent
centuries. Walkers upon the Road of Heaven (for the most
part), in particular, find the Lamentation for Seth abhorrent
and have sometimes been known to reveal the existence of an
impending Lamentation to mortal clerics, knowing full well
what will be done about it. Adherents to other roads are not
inherently opposed, generally speaking, to the Lamentation,
though many have, over time, attempted to pervert its pu
pose to other ends.

Destinations Along
the Road

Like all other roads, the Road of Humanity regards
some specific places and even a few whole regions as
beneficial or special to

its tenets. In some

cases, these places

simply perceived as

friendly to Prodigal

Oy

+ CHAPTER TWO +

ws

ewes ee ee

~

=~ -
a

~

i

.
MIN

a


ideals, while others are especially spiritually significant to
the road's adherents.

Holy Sites

The Road of Humanity is not much, overall, for pil-
grimages. The tenets of the road are reflected everywhere,
all the time, in the interactions of those around the Prodigal
in the world in which she lives. Only a scant few sites have
much spiritual significance to Prodigals and each such site
is generally only important to small number of Prodigals

Frankfurt

The city of Frankfurt, the territory of Julia Antasia, has
become something of a place of pilgrimage for Prodigals
(especially High Clan Prodigals) seeking the wisdom of the
ancient Patrician. While she rarely has much in the way of
counsel to offer, others are inspired simply by the manner in
which she conducts herself: her poise, balance and moral
sense. Indeed, the Prodigals who flock to her find them-
selves educated by her presence, rather than her words.
Frankfurt has thereby become a center of Prodigal influence
and even power, though all acknowledge Julia as the first
among them. Her descendants and followers (the Antasian
Ventrue) keep things that way. To them, she is equal parts
mother, queen, councilor and incarnate saint.

Though technically sworn in fealty to the Fiefs of
the Black Cross, the city of Frankfurt and surroundir
environs (including the old castle just north of the city,
which Julia claims as her haven) is its own political
entity. While the policies of Hardestadt the Elder and
his most favored vassal, Lord Jiirgen of Magdeburg, are
adhered to, anything ordered by the two powerful War-
lords is carried out only reluctantly and then only to the
exact degree demanded. Frankfurt has begun to carry,
says Hardestadt, the "stink of democracy." Sadly, there
is no telling for how much longer Frankfurt will con-
tinue to be a safe haven and gathering ground for the
Prodigals of the Holy Empire and beyond, no telling
when Hardestadt and Jiirgen will grow tired of Julia's
impending bid to reestablish the Ventrue Senate and
simply arrive in force to crush all such pretensions of
giving power back to the people. If and when they opt
to do so, however, both Cainites will have a brutally
difficult fight on their hands and both know it; Julia
Antasia is, after all, a Methuselah well over a millen-
nium old, with what is rapidly becoming an army of
devoted Prodigals by her side.

The Throne of Light

The Throne of Light, the spiritual center of the hereti-
cal Path of Illumination (see p. 68), is rumored to exist
somewhere east of the Fertile Crescent. Illuminated my-
thology insists that the isolated stronghold rests upon the
mountaintop where the Archangels first cursed Caine. One
of the most complete libraries of Noddist lore rests within
the Throne of Light, as does one copy of the Book of the Sun

(strongly believed to be the most complete of the manue
scripts, and written in Hebrew).

Of course, the exact location of the Throne of Light, as
the stronghold ofa band of largely pacifistic Cainite heretics,
is a well-kept secret. Some say that it simply cannot be found.
without the guidance of a priest of the Path of Illumination

and that it benefits from supernatural powers of oc

usION,
bestowed through the presence of one or more very powerfl
elders. Only a very small number of the Illuminated have ever
been there. To the best of anyone's knowledge (anyone wh
would know enough about the path to ponder this matter,
anyhow), no one not upon the Path of Illumination has ever
been tothe Throne of Light, Indeed, the detractors ofthe path
claim that there may be no Throne of Light at all, and thatit
isall just a fanciful tale fabricated to lend the heretic's claims
some measure of validity. The staunch Faithful Lasomba,
Cardinal Ambrosio Luis Mongada, favors this view of things
and propounds it to those he has put upon the trail of the
path's followers (blasphemers he considers on par with the
Divinists of the Cainite Heresy)

Favorable Places

A few regions are particularly well-suited to Prodigal
existence, offering them welcome and the freedom to practi

their beliefs in safety. Though not always friendly to the
Prodigal way, such places give hope, surcease and community

to the walkers upon the Via Humanitatis.

stance

The Courts of Love are the fertile soil in which the
Western Prodigal lifestyle blooms. While the Road of Kings
(especially the Path of Chivalry) is strong there, it sharesits
throne with the Via Humanitatis and likely will for many
centuries to come. As the Grand Court has found its power
on the wane (despite Salianna's endorsement of Prinee
Geoffrey of Paris, which some think is much more an effort
to undercut his influence than to bolster it) and the Courts
of Love have grown to become as much political institu
tionsassocial organizations, the Road of Humanity prosper
An environment that is centered as much upon matters of
the heart as of power, treachery and self-exultation is onein
which the Prodigals of Europe can find their niche

Particularly beautiful, artistically gifted or socially ca-
pable Prodigals find themselves the toast of the Courts; those
seeking mentors and patrons among the elders do well to
undertake the journey to France, for they often find their
expectations met, even ifonly briefly. The flow of politicsand
aesthetics that keeps the Courts of Love vital also serves ti
render yesterday's favored neonate forgotten (unless she
possesses the charm, cunning and courtly skills necessary to
move from being an object of contention to a player in the
game). Even as some very old Cainites become lost in the
shuffle of shifting alliances and the games of love, younger
vampires (especially Prodigals) thrive,
their potential by Matriarch Salianna.

ncouraged to achieve

LOAD OF HUMANITY


pure yiSuens Sulmesp ‘sjestporg Aueut ‘aoejd ayp 1940 spjoy
‘peaseprepy yaseuow annua, aup ieyp somod arp andsaq
"sTS9ED ap jOasts ap a10J9q JouTs UMOUYUN UONeUTULAIap
1980 Jaa] & ‘Ayqissod ‘pue aouautut0ad 03 asys 01 uoHNsod
B Ul saajaswWatp puy o2 uIBaq Aoyp se Jo} UOUTUIOD ay
Jos9[88nns ay Woy YoHeNdsur aerp oy Sutdoy ‘uorBax aya
02 POY sestporg jo soquinu A]poos e ‘uaup aseqeape yas
(aueypiayy ayp Jo yreg ayp Ayjeroadsa) sBury jo peoy aup
uodn siayem auios se uaAq "sse]9 TURYSIOW dup Jo astd axp
jo uats ans & GstueUINY a10ul BuTWIODIAq A|MO]S are arIdwa
yYD JO saypear waYyYOU atp "(yard VIA ay ‘souUTED
Suoure ‘pue) yonyD ay jo ems atp sapun yonu Aaa 9g 01
waas anidurg Ajopy aup Jo sastredxa ApsouNos aup ITI A,

iadny uvur0 4g fjoG suvuasg 43

‘SABA B axT] AID
5 atp jo yeim ayp ‘uaddey stu
Pyhoys ‘asinoo 4O "Aatun jo ainseaui awos pur snd0j warp 2a13

aya uodn ysess 01 ade st suor:

0} sjuaiUOD}eUI aITUTED asatp SuoUre sasize aUO ssofuN ‘ouNaNy
ayqeaesoioy ay Joy Surystar-yjom pue Aoury apr ueyp a1owr
Surypou ag 01 syoo] stp Os ‘o]dounuEIsUOD Jo speBIporg 1ayO
ap Buowe snsuasuos ev puy auoze 19] "ayo ay YA daase
ued apis Jaypiou ‘asinod JO *Aineaq pjoyuew pue sau joSunp
8 se AY pu sSurm sur pNyUN oO} asned 21 ard on UONeUIseUTT
pure wasuans aup yim sarruted Joy SuTyeMN *UOCD0D 11 UT Tey
-pdioaes oxp ayy] ‘sda9js pearsut a1 reyp ang ‘peop 20U st wea]
9Yp IeUp sume] apis YoeY "o3e Ainquad k jjey jo ssopuards aya
ssedins aaa sdeqzad pur ‘10]8 s9u140} sit 01 a]dounueAsUOZ)
103891 URD (JaYIOUR DUO Ie UDO) aNBre Aayp ‘aBueyp yeoiper
AJUO ‘saauted si! Jo sins ay Joy quioa e 4g19 at jo ape pey
‘a1qesrunpe arya ‘uorstA pue samod sty aeuyp usis ans e se UBIaI

PeYDIW] Jo UORDa}Iad uazoy ay or aUIOd spesIposg 2894]

jueyo ysnomp say eztpewAer pue uatpSuans 01 Japio Ut
SeHID jo usen?} Sur ayp uodn parsioj ASojoapts,uoMeztULsIO

aandadsai sop 29s 7 SuTYsIM sJUaIAYpe s,uON Ry yea ‘are|
jo aJdounueisu

Ul poyouanua owodeq aay saioiny ay
pue suvaypawiosy ay tog ay Suowte speBtporg aw0g

WEDIC] §,]9eyD1PY IauINsAI ‘Aqazay
Spueaseypre josypAuis,ue]>19y uIjouayods qysiayasoreads
ayp or ajdounuesuod areaaa or soysim OY "eoTUOTESsOY |
jo aug pue jedipoig 10]e97Z w ‘AeTsoIAdg kATeIEN
pure ‘sproje 9 au jo ue] aup jo sjasioy pue AUEUN}Y jo peoy
AUP UO JayyEM ‘eaedIN Jo UY "eUsUWOD UU yasumTY
4oy wopaouud aup jo apueut ayp azias 01 peseuew Ajareg AjuO
sey OYM UOIdS Une] atp ‘ozUOFTYy jo SUOMI ay 10 sIapuaTUOD
PAJOARy Og aYp JO WHO} Up UI sureUaL adoy ‘[[1Ig "sjeBIpog
AYP JO} sem 9oU0 1 IY IOU st a]dounUEISUOD ‘sIOATAIs
ap Buowre somod pajquimss sry jo sparys 30} Surquresos
dtp pue aysrus a1oayp pajns oy postwap ayp jo ypeyaypsaye
‘MON ‘s[Nos weWINY rEXp Jo sastndun su]qns ayp pue uorssed
yea Aq paaour uayan ‘azidse pjnoo sarrured YoTya 07 SIYsIOY
atp 02 JusWeIsaI prpuayds e ‘yoreLae ay? JPRYDIVY JO UBIAI
ayp zpun ‘sem ajdounueysuog ‘sonid jo fama ay 20U0)

dJdomjyuy)su0d

Japio paysijqease aya
Buruareayp ‘smou3 Ay avoys peor ayp jo Jomod yoy ut uoIsar

* ONL VALE

B Yayo ay} puke fauTDep UI AOU ‘peor axp jo Pjoysuans
aun Suo] e avo :paysaquod Apoy are ‘se]no1azed UT ‘SUONEDO)
OM J "s[eStporg ayp jo sarwaua saajasuiatp oyu pjnom Of
asoup apenssip o2 siaquinu jo yaSuazs says pure smiod
Jeaa]o ‘suonnansut yeuow UTYIIM SUCH I9UUOD Sulsnh ‘sau
Jo 28 ay SuLMp vOWWOD SuTWODAq st UEYp J9AV] OG
B uo Aloy119) JO} IYSY suVITUDWN}T DIA aYA 03 sTUaTaypeaM
‘aseo ay Sutoq ey | ‘peod soyro Aue asurese sary] asoy ued
Pazepap s9Aau sey ajoya ese AUeUINFY Jo peoy ay ‘AUD
"19D "Jem ayxeUI OU Op ‘aAze] pur Aq ‘sjestporg ay,

fit9j1449F; 9999 99ND

‘WeJs] JO sJaUAI DY 10} 99dso MOUS OF
pue sme] [200] paay 02 Surjjim ae Aoyp se Buo] se ‘aui03jal
awos pul 3Yysru ‘adoring woy asoyp uadd ‘sjes1porg Sunol,
ypryas ut sani parejndod-jjam jo a8ex10ys ou aseq a|ppliy
ayp ang ‘(uondaoxa ayqeiou Ajrejnoed e Suraq idAig)
suoneu STwe]s] UT aIdYyArAtOAa ased ay JOU SI SIU ‘Paruelay
‘edsai pue aouaiajap sn uMoYs are pue spuey s9iff
jo sigjna arured ayp Aq }Jaa parean uayo are s[edipolg
‘soqysiau sty premo3 w][snYy Pood v jo a2ueIs pastsap a
are] NUD AJaso]> s19UA3 aSOYM PLOI k JO S19AO]]O} SE SJaIy YN
SOU! UJ BWOD]aM UdIaq SUO] aaKy s]eSIPOIg ‘P}Om Imesh
9Yp UO sUTeWOp aITUTeD aya J9A0 aprsaid sBury pus UoAeal
JO speoy ay2 uodn sisyyem jnpamod Aueu apy

SQUYT WH]SNYE

SUOSsa] pautea
-paey saya yar qed 02 papensiad aq pynoo Bulag yons
‘gsinod jo ‘paplaoad — snprumunpy vi, ay uo J9yfeMl
Sunod ke 0} auepINs pue Wops!m Jo sadznos a|qenfeAul
2q pinom Aaya ‘say Auer jo Aarts ay) pue sai jo
IYys1aM aya aadsap Isixa 9A sjesiposg yons 4] "BuLyunyp
Tyysia ueY asour Buryzou aq Aew siya ysnoyy ‘aif
[]24p suayay jo i9eg aya UI BuIajNsaa suorssnostp a
Jaquiauias 02 Y8Noud Pjo Om Jo auO ‘ary pu aay ‘PIES
S111 ‘syeB1poag pjo Ajper2adsa asvog ose ‘ajdounmuersuog
ua] ]ey Woy asayrsny asoya AyyeIDadsa ‘sareas URI99Ig aU
peos aya uodn siayyem pauren Ayjeuoy are 19M0d {0
suonisod ul sjedipoig asow pue asap Aems poy Aue
NH] JO peoy aya Jo speapt JertssejC aya ‘Aypeanaey
*ABojOapt JeSIporg jo pjoysuons v surewal
sSurpunouns si1 pue suayry ‘sea 29U0 31 amng]Nd pur WA
-uaqysiyua Jo 133499 ayp JasUC] OU YBnoY | ‘areqap ur aseAa
01 pur seap! aBueYoxe 03 A219 ay UI DWIOD]94\ are "YATE) JOS}.
-preBa1 ‘ArrueuIN}] Jo peoy ayp uodn asoup qe ‘Ayonp aun
ayp (azioyoyIe_ snup ‘pue) azune] 01 suOys jeuoU af
aaidsap ‘gourd se saaias smisAuoiq] 1eqqor9aeIH [esIpos ayy
‘suaypy Ul ‘paapuy ‘asi Ue sJUaIaYpe 91 YOTYA 0} sIYsIey
aup pue sopmumunpy vi, auyp Jo ssauyeos3 oy puersiaptiy
]P® pue ‘speSiporg soajasuiayp axe aueyp Aems pjoy oYfl
slap]? [elaAag "peor ayp uodn siayjea 10) savepd snoroidshe
Pelapisuod ]]As are (sauO Wlaysam at Ayyeroadsa) saieig
Jossazong aunuezkg ayp pur ‘AaTueWInp] jo peoy poztjeuLidy
ayp jo avejdyang ayp aq 01 299915 Aq paumtey> aouo sasuedia
Apia atp Jpisuod sjesiporg sopeaso | pue yeinag suey

$9}VJD UVINIIAG 945


inspiration from their paragon Julia Antasia, have begun to
win holdings away from the clutches of the Scions

Of course, though Julia holds uncontested authority
in Frankfurt, the rest of the Empire is under the power of
the Scions, who are not known to respond well to the
claiming of their lands and authority by upstart Prodigals.
While some honor is to be found in being bested by
another Scion, no such distinction comes of losing terri-
tory to a mewling Prodigal in what essentially amounts to
a bloodless peasant revolt. Especially infuriating is the fact
that Prodigals usually claim domain through guile, subter-
fuge and ties among mortals. It is, to Scion thinking, a
perversion of the way of things, with merchants and
populists gradually edging lords and princes out of their
thrones. For now, the wars with the Tzimisce voivodates
keep Hardestadt the Elder and his vassals otherwise occu-
pied; but when a lull in the conflict comes, the old Warlord
is apt to find time to deal with this rise of the "lower class."

Movements

Prodigals entrench themselves in many of the social
movements of their fellow Cainites, embracing the spirit of
revolution (peaceful or otherwise) sweeping the Dark Me-
dieval. Two of the most powerful such movements are the
Furores and the Prometheans

Tray
The Furores
Cainites, ifnot openly desirous ofrule, often harbor the
need, on some fundamental level, to control their own
destinies. Not everyone is born to lord over the night
(which is why there are roads other than the Via Regalis),

especially in the case of Prodigals

but few vampires
want to spend their nights bowing and scraping before
another. Thus, a good number of the rebel Cainites known
as the Furores, particularly many of the youngest members
of the movement, come to the movement by way of the
Road of Humanity

Strongly insinuated into the merchantandartisan classes,
the Furores, asa whole, long for nothing so muchas the power
ofself-determination. The Via Humanitatis preaches just such
an existence, one in which the individual Cainite takes
responsibility for her own actions and is free to make for
herself those choices which hold the Beast at bay and reaffirm
her commitment to civilization and simple morality. Cur-
tently, little in the way of bloodshed occurs between these
outcasts and the princes and monarchs who despise them; but
the night when it all must erupt into violence is comingsoon,
and none are so naive as to deny it. What will happen when
that breaking point is reached is anyone's guess, but the
balance of power is weighted considerably in favor of the
traditional Cainite courts.

While some Furores advocate action to seize control of
a city of their own (perhaps the Toreador St. Regis'
Marseilles, where the Furores currently flock in great num-
bers), others believe that such a move will prove to be
precisely the justification the decrepit princes need to rise

from their moldering thrones and crush the entire move
ment. While the monarchs may not always get along, they
can all agree on one thing: Rebellion must not be allowed
to thrive.

Certainly, more than just Prodigals support this mover
ment (there are even Scions to be found among the ranks
of the Furores), but walkers upon the Road of Humanityate
among the staunchest supporters of its ideals. Low Clan'
Prodigals are especially drawn to it, cursed to servitude by
their blood and lacking the force of will (in the eyes of many
adherents to other roads) to seize the mantle of rule through
their choice of road. Faced with such a choice (or lack ofity
as the case may be), they turn to rebellion and embrace the
chaotic cause of freedom

The PBrometheans

Some Cainites are inclined to see "Brujah Prodigal" as
synonymous with "Promethean." While the matter is some"
what more complicated than that, there is some truth tothe
assertion. The movement to build a "New Carthage" (where
mortals and Cainites may dwell openly together in harmony)
is one which appeals to many vampires, who come to fed
isolated from the lives they once knew. This lofty ideal finds
some support among walkers upon every road, though the
Road of Humanity is particularly active within it.

Scorning the Traditions of Caine, these vampires
would cast aside their secrecy and reveal themselves to
those whom they are cursed to hunt and feed upon. While
there exists a spiritual objective in this (the idea of healing
the breach of trust between Caine and Abel, and thus
between Cainites and the Children of Seth), more prage
matic reasons, from the perspective of those trained to the
Road of Humanity, also motivate the Prometheans, Ina
world in which mortal men do not view Cainites with fear
distrust and horror, and those who would know the ecstasy,
of the Kiss might freely and guiltlessly savor it, no vampire
needs to feel remorse over responsible, consensual feeding
The criminal feel of the act, even when perpetrated upona
member ofa willing herd, can drive Cainites into the throes
of guilt and self-loathing. Without that air of a lustful
violation undertaken in secrecy and shame, Prodigals could
finally dispense with much of that which pains them about
their undead state.

Many Prodigals, however, resist the Promethean ideal
for just that reason. What is the value of attempting tohald
onto one's human soul, they ask, if there is no moral trial
involved? More importantly, once one abandons a primary
source of remorse, is there any guarantee that the Beast can
be staved off with what sense of guilt remains? On a more
practical level, many fear that the wrath of the kine, the
monarchs, the Antediluvians, Caine or even God Himself
would descend upon them like a storm, sweeping them ftom
the Earth in ashes. None, not even the most fiercely
dedicated within the movement itself, can deny that itisa
dangerous game the Prometheans play. Still, the thoughtot
being able to freely confess their nature to loved ones,


and even total strangers without fear of reprisal stirs
mething deep within many Prodigals, inspiring them to
in the Firebringers. Those who scorn their aspirations
iment (loudly, at times) that the fire they bring may serve
Only to scorch the Cainite world to its roots.

Baragons

Asis the case with all other adherents to the roads of

iGaine, Prodigals have their myths and legends, their exem-

s of right thought and action. Some, such as Saulot, are
mo longer numbered among the world's Cainites, while
bthers still walk the Earth, inspiring others through their

death at the hands of the Tremere, Saulot's mystique has
ly magnified, and he has taken on an almost mythic
ality. Among those who do not support the theory that

Himanitatis (a popular dissent among those who are detra
of the Brujah and Toreador c
Saulot is often vene

aught
ted as the source of the

ns or are self

In death, the First Salubri has
ome irreproachable, and more deeds than he would

eve been capable of even in alllof hus long cenuries are
now attributed to him; Prod
phenomenon than any others

Sulia Antasia

Called by some the "Relic of Rom
Prince of Frankfurt, is, nonetheless, perhaps the most re-
spected Prodigal extant in this age. She is revered by both
intuitive and trained walkers upon the Road of Humanit
does not discuss which of the two sides of the one path she
walks, fearing that it will create a division among the Prodi-

als are no less guilty of the

" Julia Antasia,

gals. In truth, she is likely correct; and so her silence preserves
peace anda sense of unity, drawing disparate walkers together
to her domain, where th ction of
tyranny thrives, and all Prodigals — High Clan and Lo

antique notion of the re}

weak and strong, old and young — can coe
prosperity and balance.

Of course, such a revered figure is a target for the
contempt of many, including the silent enmity of Hardestadt
the Elder and the somewhat more open hostility of his right
hand, Lord Jiirgen. Still, Julia has thus far made no blatant
moves to thwart the authority of the Warlord monarch and so
remains a tolerated, if not favored, vassal. (In truth, she and
subjects of Hardestadt and more as
inite court.) Hardestadt openly scorns her
>the Eternal S

her devotees exist less 2
an independent (
enate reconvened, but in his

ards the egalitarian ideas it will engender

yo) i)

OWT

with quiet dread.


Those who meet Julia tend to describe her as "tran-
cendently human." She seems not to be so much human as
instead what humans should be. She is calm, respectful,
kind, compassionate, dignified, rational, creative, intelli-
gent, aware of herself and appreciative of others. She is,
some (especially her followers) would say, perfect. In fact,
she is a popular figure for Prodigal Cainites of the Coutts of
Love (even those who know of her only by reputation) to
write love poetry about, and to dedicate other such works
to. She invariably disperses such attention graciously, pre-
ferring to belong to the Road of Humanity asa whole, rather
than to give her heart away to any one walker upon it. Julia
is, in many ways, the loving yet aloof matriarch of the Via
Humanitatis in these long, dark nights of the War of Princes

Apostates

While most who |

ave the Road of Humanity do so
without fanfare or much in the way of notice, some leave it
under such terrible circumstances as to make it nearly
impossible forany Prodigal to countenance their continued
existence. Few though these twisted souls are, there have
been enough of them over time (who have not fallen to the
Second Death, that is) to make the notion of apostasy at
least passing familiar to a majority of Prodigals.

Saviode Verona

Once anoted walker upon the Road of Humanity, Savio
de Verona of the Ventrue compiled a considerable number of
venerated writings exploring the morality and philosophy of
the road over the course of two centuries. Though he himself
was not noted as a great thinker, his skills at gathering the
information put forth by others were profound and many texts
that might otherwise have been lost to time were saved by his
skillful transcription. Indeed, save for perhaps a few elder
Cainites, Savio's knowledge of the formalized Road of Hu-
manity was believed to be without peer.

In the course of his work, Savio came into contact with
many, many Cainites. Perhaps only his ghoul, Rafaella (who
vanished without a trace), ever knew the full extent of his
connections. Perhaps it was one of these many associates who
first tempted Savio to embrace his own capacity for evil, or
maybe he simply grew mad in his self-imposed academic
seclusion. Some few believe that, in the course of his work, he
came to find some fundamental flaw in the Via Humanitatis
thus far unknown to any others, or maybe some way to
transcend its limitations. Whatever the cas

he abruptly
abandoned his work in the middle years of the 12th century,
leaving hise:

tensive library and vast scriptorium unattended
and vanishing for decades.

In the early years of the 13th century, Savio resurfaced
in the Holy Empire, now seemingly surrendered fully to the
Beast ina way too flagrant, monstrous and undisciplined for
even the most jaded Sinner or most savage Feral, yet
certainly far too much in control of his own actions to have
died the Second Death. Few knew what to make of this
creature that walked and spoke with Savio's voice, yet
performed acts that would make Lucifer himself to hide his

eh Se

face in shame. When he departed Cologne under sentenet
of the blood hunt, Savio left three Cainites, six ghouls and
ten kine dead in manners too horrid tocontemplate. To this
night, he remains at large, hunted by the knights of the
Twilight Order for questioning and, likely, destruction.

Zafar of Baghdad

Zafar al-Baghdadi's story is a sad one. He is not rightly

an apostate, but certainly he is looked upon with a mixture
of revulsion and pity by those adherents to the Road of
Humanity know of him. Once he was a noted Gangrel
Prodigal dwelling in the great city of his birth, and he wi
favored by the local Cainite rulers. Though trustworthy and.
honorable, Zafar was no fool, and those who sought to usé

his good nature poorly were much surprised by both his
cunning in avoiding their traps and the de

isiveness of his
responses to such attempted deceptions. He was, in many
ways, an exemplar of the Prodigal way.

Unfortunately, Zafar dreaded his Beast, seeing it asa
punishment from Allah for sins in his mortal days of which
he would not speak. Whenever it drew close to the surface
during violent encounters, he was known to send it (using
his powerful command of Animalism) into his enemies
before incapacitating them and recalling it into his own
spirit. Eventually, it happened, however, that one of Zafar'
allies acted too fiercely in battle and struck the head from
the Cainite with which the Gangrel contended, slaying
Zafar's Beast. He immediately lapsed into a torpor from,
which none believed he would wake.

But just under a hundred years ago, he did wake. He
spent his nights in endless bouts of let

argy, and could
manage to summon up his passions only to weep blood
when he too deeply considered the pain and misery of his
unrelenting lassitude. The Muslim Cainites of Baghdad
gave charity to him in his infirmity and kept Zafar fed, for
just as he was without the capacity for violence and wrath,
he was also unable to summon up even the desire to protect
himself or find sustenance. At last, early in 1221, word
reached Zafar's sire Naima, who came out of the wilds in
order to save her childe or, failing that, to end him.

Naima goaded herself to the verge of frenzy and sent
her Beast into Zafar, seeking to inspire him thereby to
remember what it was to fee

It did not have the effect
anyone might have imagined. Zafar did indeed frenzy, and
his fury was so sudden and terrible that it took everyone
present aback. The younger Gangrel struck down his sire in
a murderous rage and fled, carrying her torpid body in his
arms. Later, a pile of ashes would be found in a derelict
building, in and around the threadbare garments of Naima
al-Zaynah

Zafar al-Baghdadi has not been seen since, though
many have sought him. Many think he must be dead or else
in the Sleep of Ages for him to have so thoroughly vanished
from the world. Others think that he travels the wilderness,
locked forever into the shape of a beast or of mist. Still
others maintain that he has degenerated into something
fully inhuman, overwhelmed by the fury of Naima's Beast.

OAD OF HUMANI


a council of Cainites (mostly Brujah,
uilubri, Toreador and Ventrue) gathered from across the
lediterranean and beyond, all of whom were interested in
is ing a means to preserve their essential humanity in

e of the Beast's ferocity. It is from this code that
most all formal branches of the Road of Humanity de-
end. Many sires and mentors force their cl

tin its original Gre

arges to learn
k, in honor of the city-state in which
ihe gathering was held and (to the thinking of such vam-
pies) where the Via Humanitatis was truly born. Eight
ienets define the Pact and serve as the root principles of the
Road of Humanity. A good many Cainites instructed in the
oad view this creed as the definitive guide to the thoughts
and actions that they should practice over the course of
Their eternal nights.

Desire No Harm

The Beast revels in a hurtful soul, for such a twisted
thing is its playground. Even when a Cainite must surrender
Wthe grim necessity of causing harm to another being, she
must do so with a contrite spirit and firm reaffirmation of
theconviction to do so only when no other recourse exists.
Towish harm upon oneself or another is to desire one of the
fy things that erodes civilization and remakes it in a

terrible, inhuman image. This rule extends beyond physical
harm to include mental and spiritual torment as well. To
wish harm upon another is morally the same as causing that
harm. In fact, when under the sway of the Beast, those two
things are often literally the same.

Inflict No Harm Needles sly

This tenet is intended to be heeded in both its letter
and its spirit. If the Cainite must rationalize a justification
for inflicting harm, then the justification is false. The Beast
delights in casual brutality and seeks every available oppor-

tunity to inflict pain so that the never ending cycle of
senseless cruelty is perpetuated. If violence is necessary, it
should be undertaken with swiftness and efficiency, to the
intended end of neutralizing threats to oneself and to all

others as quickly and completely as possible

Honor the Artifice of Men and the Gods

This rule admonishes the Prodigal to respect objects
and places and to commit no vandalism upon them. The
ast, if it cannot assail the living, settles for the inanimate.
The human soul thrives when surrounded by works of
beauty and scenes of natural splendor, and both of these
should be esteemed. Civilization is predicated upon the
idea of the permanence of things.
In recent nights, some Christian and Muslim Cainites
especially have come to protest the wording of this tenet of

~

eee repre we eet eee |

MA

a

<=


a

=<

}
|
:
|
|

wre

\

the Pact, citing that there is but one God and that the older,
pagan overtones of this rule are blasphemous. Indeed, many
sires and mentors now cite the tenet, "Honor the Works of
God and Man," though the oldest and most traditional
Prodigals continue to pass it on in its original form, many of
them firmly convinced that the One God of the faiths of
Abraham is just one more figure in the vast tapestry of
heavens and hells looked to by men for millennia. Some
Prodigals, seeing no need to bring matters of faith into the
tent at all, simply teach their students, "Honor the World
and All That Man Makes of It."

Claim Not Chat Which Ts Not Yours

Some Prodigals have theorized that civilization is really
nothing more than a system established to allow individuals
toretain those things that belong to them, no matter whether
they are strong or weak. But the Beast is covetous, longing to
lay claim to everything without respect for ownership or
propriety. The Beast wants the Cainite tosteal, forinsodoing,
it finds the freedom to incite the Prodigal to greater acts of
violation and selfishness. This tenet encourages the Prodigal
to not only avoid theft, but also the very desire to steal. If an
individual does not long for things not his own, then he is
beyond the Beast's temptations.

This precept also counsels the Prodigal not to kill in
the course of her feedings, for the life of another is, strictly
speaking, also "not hers." Some particularly religious or
philosophically radical Prodigals take this tenet to mean
that they should exist in poverty, claiming nothing at all
(since, by their accounting, all that which exists in the
world belongs to either God or else no one)

Submit to No Evil Governance

If the Beast cannot be heeded as an authority, then
how can a Cainite of good conscience obey the command-
ments of a leader who counsels with its voice? The Beast
wants the vampire to heed the will of a wicked leader,
claiming to be merely

‘following orders." In this manner
does the monstrosity within slowly erode resistance to its
dominion and overwhelm the human soul. It is easy to bow
to tyranny; it is hard to stand against it and to claim, by dint
of one's own struggles and suffering, the mantle of just
governance or responsible self-rule for others — and yet a
good soul does precisely that, working so that others might
be free of control by evil and monstrousness. The admirable
Prodigal does not bend knee to a bad commandment or a
wicked leader.

EmbraceReason and Knowledge

A rational soul is one in which dark passions can find
no purchase. An educated mind denies the cry of the Beast,
for such a mind knows the Beast's wiles and rejects them
with conviction and moral strength. Anyone can fend off
the Beast's desires through luck and rote repetition of
seemingly effective tactics; but it takes a well-instructed
individual to innovate techniques to consistently thwart
the Beast's advances, and to work toward the exalted day

when it is conquered completely. Furthermore, reason and)
intellection are the true powers of humanity, those which
set them apart from animals, and are thus to by emulated
and honored by every good Prodigal.

Abide Neither Wickedness nor
Monstrousness

Committing an act of evil is one kind of sin; standing
by and allowing another to do so is another, and onenoles
repulsive to the self-respecting Prodigal. Society works
because of consequences for terrible deeds and it fails when
otherwise good people allow such deeds to happen without
at least attempting to prevent them. Thus, the walker upon
the Via Humanitatis should courageously and consistently
defy the works of those who would make of the world a dark
and brutal place. Often, this entails risk, for the wicked are
often also the powerful; but any worthy end is worth the
peril involved in seeing it through

Do No Evil in the Pursuit of Goodness
While great good things may come out of an act of
wickedness, such accomplishments are invariably tainted by
the circumstances that brought them about. It is certainly
easier to murder an evil man than to reform him, but he may
leave behind a grieving widow or starving orphans, Likewise}
killing a wicked queen only encourages others to see slaughter
as an acceptable way to resolve disputes, and means that the
next ruler, sinner or saint, is not apt to sit long on the throne,
Instead of indulging in morally corrupt behavior in ordertosee
good ends achieved, the Prodigal must take the high (and
often difficult) road, opting to do what is just, no matter the
personal cost or time it will require. While such endeavorsare
hard ones, they often prove to be the most rewarding acts
inite can undertake. After all, an evil man turned 10
goodness can teach others by way of his example (both his
descent into darkness and his return to the light); anda selfish
and terrible queen made to see the error of her ways becomes
beloved, just and generous, setting a precedent for those whl
follow after her.

HtherRoads in
the Wight

Prodigals do not walk the nightalone, and their journeys
in the world are often colored by the ways in which they
interact with those who tread the other Roads of Caine.

The Road of the Beast

The sister road to the Via Humanitatis, the Road of the
Beast is the dark reflection of all that Prodigals seek toattain
Rather than denying the Beast, Ferals embrace it, seeking to
give it just enough freedom to sate its lusts and thus give itno
cause to attempt to break the Cainite's will. Despite the polar
opposition of the Via Bestiae's philosophies to the Road of
Humanity's own, Prodigals are often inclined to see the


wisdom in them. Ferals, after all, are not fabricating a morality,
like the followers of other roads. They are, like Prodigals,
subscribing to a set of extant ethics — in their case, the code
ofevery naturaltereature other than humanity.

Prodigals understand that their Fetal cousins often
disrespect them ahd fook on them as fools, but they bear
such Cainites no particularilt-will"After all, walkers on the
Road of the Beast aré, by Prodigal reckoning, themselves
quite addled when it comes to-matters-of the truth of
Cainite nature. Simply. calling ofte's.cwn" brutal, selfish
urgesa "beast" doesnot make itS6, any moré thana Gangrel
who assumes the shape of a wolf is a wolfThe convention
of the Beast isa convenient way of referring to athing that
defies classification and rails furiously against any kind of
tional confinement. No animal under Heaven erupts into
flames beneath the lighticfithe suns and God-has not yet
builtabeastthatcan warpits own frame with the adroitness
of Fiend or an Animal:

Walkers on the Road of Humanity often find stubbom
Fetal insistenceupon existingin a "pure fashion, unfettered
by the weakness of civilization" to ‘be lat bestvan-act of
ignorant selfishness, and at worst one of supreme coward-
ice. Ever(themostself-indulgentSinner is nakinga conscious
thoicéand owning up to the responsibility forit. No one can
cast aside thei#human nature likeasoiled garment without
dying the Second Death. Ferals‘would like to believe that
they exist as animals do, without thé fetters of society
binding them. Abandoning social obligation, however, is
hot really a choice. Beneath all'of the (highly intellectual)
rationalization about "harmony withthe true Cainite na
ture" are elaborate justifications for carrying on ina manner
that continues to allow for personal interaction on some
intelligent level.

TheRoad of Heaven

On the Stiface, Prodigals have no problems with the
moral tenets espoised by most Faithful While many walk-
ersupon the Road of Humanity find reflection upon God's
curse to be a needless distraction, drawing attention away
from the vital pursuitofcombating the Beast, such contem-
pletion appears to'aetwally-aid the Faithful in their struggles
against madness and evil, and so they ate to be lauded. Still,
such Cainifes often séem:to possess COnVICtION So firm as to
radiate a certain sense of holinéss andeven divinity. This is
aftightening notion forthe Prodigal. As time goes on, most
Faithful hecome something decidedly other than human,
and their choices and-values reflect-as muh,

Ultimately, even for réligioiis Prodigals, thete exists an
linderstaniditig that God chdoses few to beSaints, but makes
allmen in His image. The best way to honor Heaven's plan
isto simply, to the bestof one's-abilities, be a good person,
Those who are meant for more find that the Lord has the
mneans to make His will manifest, and) that no fictitious
pilgrimage toward Heaven is requifed. Simply put, to many
Prodigals, the Road of Heaven makes no sense. If God's
plan cannot be known; why bother attempting to adhere to

— a
=". + CHAPTER TWO +

an endeavor doomed to failure in a world in which the Will
of God is unfathomable? Conversely, it is foolish to believe
in that which one Cannot understand. Blind faith will never
defeat the Beast

Of course, many truly-irreligious and even faithless
Cainites walk the Road of Humanity: This is especially true
of those educated in ancient philosophical traditions that
in no way inherently rely upon\any religious frame of
reference. To these sorts, the Via Caeli:is usually, seen as a
dangerous path of tither hubris or wretchedness)(depend-
ing upon the pérspéctive of the individual Faithful), which
can only of lead'to'a-grim and tertible fall; Such, Cainites
reason that God may or may not exist, but men Certainly do,
as does the Beast. If God does not right the wrorigs of the
world for even the most uprightofkine, what could possibly
possess even the most self-important vampire to assume
that He would deign to show her even the most cursory
display of favor? The power todelude dneselfinto believing
what is patently unttueis deadlier than fire, sunlight or the
stake. If God cares ahout.the world in arty way, it is in so
indirect and obtuse'a fashion as to be in¢omiprehiensible to
lesser beings, meaning that therei§no pointin trying to win
the Lord's good will. It will or will not be given, at His
discretion alone; nothing that the individual Cainite can
do or say will change that

The Road of Kings

Most Prodigals' mortal lives were not ones of noble
privilege, complete with lands,fitles and servants. Many
Scions, however, did enjoy/such benefits and continue to do
soas Childer of Caine. Iris theréfore easy tosee the dichotomy
between the two roads asa refléctioniof the disparity between
the wealthy and the poor: fn many ways, the Road of Human-
ity isan everyman'smorality,admonishing Cainites toeonduct
themselves tesponsibly toward all of sdciety,|while the Road
of Kings advises,its adhérentsitojtreat the lofty with esteem
and the‘lowly with scorn (in the anforturiate event that such
wretches éver display. the temerity. to act in a fashion that
warrants notice by their betters):

In other ways, however, the Road-of Kings is no more
restricted to/lords and-princes than the Road of Humanity
turns awayasificere and worthy seeker who happened to be
born to a gilded throne: Thus, despite Somé adherents'
desires (on both sides) to paint the relationship between
the two moralities as thatof-noble versus commoner (with
all of the hostility; condescension/and resentment that
entails), the-interaction between' the' réads/is somewhat
more complicated. Bothradyoeate a strict senise of personal
discipline to exert control over the Beast Both propound
the idea ofsocial responsibility (in, granted; wery different
ways) as ameans of Continually reasserting the preeminent
place ofthuman reason in the'Ciinite peychesHowever,
whereas the' Prodigal internalizes his struggle, the Scion
sees in her surroundings the macroéosniof her own inner
existence and seéks, through the domiriion thereof, to give
tranquility and balance to her own soul.


War is, though, the sport of kings, as are various other
types of morally questionable behavior (from the perspec-
tive of the Via Humanitatis,.at"any rate). (

ttainly, the
average Prodigal would be hard-pressed to engage in the
sorts of activities undertakerby the average Scion in the
course of his night-to-night/existence and_maintain his
humanity. The ‘critical distinetion is that the-Scion is
willing tohave her controlat the expense of others; whereas
the Prodigal) is hot. The-Scion-repilaces empathy with
noblesse bblige and so beéomeseapable oflookingat matters
from the detachett perspective of the"abstraction of "the
greater good" whileignoring the individual reeds of people.
The Prodigal)on' thé other hand, cannot make those
omissions and, must strive-to see himself teflected in those
around him/ As af restilt, he feels|more ‘responsible to
individuals) a well as the Societies they comprise. It is,
seemingly, a-small difference, but one that-leads to debate
and sometimes misunderstanding between walkers on these
two roads.\Still, all told Prodigals probably have the best
relationships with, Scions, since beth sides-understand, at
least in prinéiple)that itis vitally imtpértant to do what is
right for othets,-in-addition to doing so for oneself. Espe-
cially well-favoredby Prodigalsare the Paladins of the Path
of Chivalry, which ecumsels courtesy and respect toward
others, éven (pethaps)especially)*those weaker than the
Cainite herself. Thesense of socialaccountability fostered
by the Via Equitum, that 6f-a) goodly lord toward valued
lessers, speaks to the Prodigal mindset: Its, if not the proper
way to exist, certainly closer to the mark than most

The Road of Sin

Inseeking to emulate human nature, Prodigalsare among
the first to admit to the temptation of sin. The free will of
humanity makes the desire todo evil possible, and it is because
of that desire that salvation is attainable. One cannot truly be
good if one lacks the capacity to do wrong. Those who follow
the Road of Sin, on the other hand, have simply chosen to
wallow in the mechanisms of moral trial, rather than attempt
to transcend them, They become the temptation to do evil,
each an unlivingimorality play/all his ownelris, by Prodigal
estimation; asad state ofvaffairs for a Cainite-to-dwell-in.
Transcendence of the Beast is not possible forone who works
to fauén it on a Steady diet of perverse andiluxuriousdiver-
sions. At best, such behavior distracts it from its tertible
purpose and holds it in check without doing anything ‘to
challenge its hold overithe lifeless heart.

Stillthe fréedom/enjoyed by the Sinners inlsome ways
admirable. While' the Feral abandons'reason.to'find meaning
and the Scion exists in @istat®Of perpetual contention with
what powers exist above her in the many hierarchies of the
world, those who walk the Via Peccati move gracefully through
eternity, indulging in the diversions that other Cainites must
deny in order to cling to their selves. Indeed, the "easy out" of
glutting the Beast into silence is a most attractive option for
those Prodigals who are beginning to lose themselves to its
depredations. Many are the Sinners who prove more than
happy to lead a failing Prodigal to their own dark road

7 ues

ey,

More deliberate walkers on the Via Humanitatis, howe
ever, are truly and completely disgusted by the actions of the
Sinners and their moral code (if it can even be called such),
Self-gratification at any price and in all things is neitheran
acceptable ethic nor a way to function within any kind of
viable society. At least the Soulless are without the capacity

to do anything other than sate their own desires; §
make the conscious decision to do so, no matter who pa
cost of it. While this may serve to stave off the Beast, it is by
no means a conscientious path to doing so. The end doesnt
justify the means and the world is not a plaything.

MinorRoads

Walkers upon the "lesser" roads are far fewer in nutitil
than those who cling to the tenets of the major roads, Thus,

Prodigals are less likely to encounter and form concrete
opinions about such scattered Cainites. Still, a few of these
toads have historically had more frequent (or, at least, more
significant) interactions with the Via Humanitatis, and so
warrant some small mention.

The Cappadocians' Via Ossium teaches an acceptanceof
mortality and decay in all things. It is in many ways a denial
of the vitality and vigor which Prodigals seek, and few walkers
upon the Road of Humanity reserve much in the way of

respector warm sentiments for these grim, methodical Cainites.
The Fiends' Via Mutationis, on the other hand, advocates a
complete dismissal of the human form, regarding the shape
given humankind by God as a larval state at best. To such
Tzimisce, humans exist only as fodder for experimentation
(the better to understand and hopefully evolve their own
forms), animals that walk upright and plead for mercy with
words rather than insensate bleating. Thus, Prodigals are
often ill inclined toward these unabashed monsters, repulsed
by such absolute and callous disregard for the humanity ftom
which all Cainites descend. Lastly, Prodigals regard the
Lasombra Via Noctis strangely. Though the Redeemers claim
tobe bettering the human state (and, indeed, in as many cases
asnot, thisseems to be the case in at least the short term), they
do so through means that most Prodigals consider question:
able at best. Torturing kine into being better people is not, to
those who abide upon the Via Humanitatis, an acceptable
tactic. Still, Redeemers at least seem to fight for some accept-
able objective, even if their means are abhorrent

The Clans andthe Via
Humanitatis

s the easier to grasp of the two "root" roads, the Road
of Humanity is probably the single largest in the Dark

Medieval. It appeals to a broad range of Cainites, cutting
across the lines of clan everywhere in the known world.

The High Clans

With the notable exceptions of the Brujah and Tores

dor, the High Clans often seem to disdain the Via Humanitatis

> a ca

*-ROADOPHUMANITY -


as somehow beneath them. Perhaps it is a sense that the
Road of Humanity is to be scorned for its devotion to the
ways of "common" kine, as opposed to the loftier ends
espoused by such roads as Heaven and Kings, for example
Still a number of Prodigals exist among all of the High

ns (even the brutal Tzimisce and distant Cappadocians,
though most members of those clans may deny it),

Brujah

Whatis a vampire, saveaman who hasbeen given agiftand
acurse in equal measure? Should we forgettall that which we
were, that which led.up £0 the mofienv Of Our turning, simply
because our circumstances hdve. changed? Like a'man, | seek
comfort, the bettermentiof my Station and eauseséthe freedom
to pursue my ends} andi sustenancel) lym no jorister. | feed
because 1 must. LookwazoundXou, at@xobbersbatons, rapist
priests and murderous" chusaders\ who preywpon others for
pleasure; and tell vie Who among the'destendaiits of Adam and
Bve, Cainiteor no, is freelof the Benst

Whiletit is believed'that the Road of Humanity, along
with the Roadof the Beast;:is one of the.two primordial moral
codes instinctively discovered by the first'Cainites, there can
belittledoubethaethe Brujah had muchtodo witheriginally
codifyingnd propounding thetenéts ofthe Via Humanitatis.
Some consider thi§ ironic; given. the particular-véhemence
with which, the Brajah Beast seeks thefréedom to Vent its
tage; burthe Zéalots, often even-those who dé.not walk the
toadyardently) maintain their commitment toythe views

espoiyed by\this code of ethics. The very human' passiontthat
burns within their unliving hearts serves to unite'them all in
theirsupport ofthe Road of Humanity. Even those who do not
walk the road. believe in its preséryation, justas a gollector of
fine Wings@an appreciate a work of att that & bédutiful, even
ifit is Not,pleasing to his own personal sensibilities.

Many Brijah maintain thar theirclan codifiedthe more
academic interpretations of the Via Humanitaas Cas Opposed
tothe instinctive fumbling by means of which many, Pradigals
find theifWway;to the road) in the days of ancient Hellas and,
thereafter freely shared it with those claris that'w6uld heed
their words (arroffer, these scholars recouht,only the Artisans
everreally adCépred), Despite the differencesbetween the two
clans, they have remained in agréeinent oférthe paramount
importance Of the intellecttal and philosophical interpreta-
tion of the Road,of Humanity overthecourse of the many
Centuries sinceth® preeminence of the Grecian states. Even
when struggling to be common, Brujah strive to be great

Cappadocians

I can teach you the secrets of humanity, childe. They are
simpler, and grimmer, than you dare imagine. A man is bom,
he matures, he dies, he continues on in the eternity to which he
isfated. You and I and all others like us have simply reached the
end of our mortal journey, only to discover that man's destiny is
always death, no matter what its form. My heartis still and cold,
but! see through human eyes, touch with human hands and tread
uupon human feet. | am a man, and a dead one — I simply have
better things to do with my eternity than fill a grave

+

Many Children of Caine believe that the Road of
Humanity is uniquely ill-suited to the morbid and necrotic
Graverobbers. Truth be told, marty Cappaddcians seem to
consciously abandon their humanity in-thé early nights of
undeath, seeking-a'colder, more methodical and objective
lens through which to chronitlé the slow withering of the
mortal world. Sort, however) Come to ‘accept certain
disturbing and Often pafadoxiéal truths about the unbreak-
able ties between théhimatrwhose last breath slipped away
and the Cainite who-stood: upsafterward. These
Cappadocians ate occasionally drawn tothe Via Humanitatis,
filled with a sense Of vitality almost unheard of among the
numbers of this staid and often heartless elan.

The physical ghangesWwrought upon a Grayerobberoften
take a painful tolllupon such ‘a Cainite when he-chdoses to
walk the Road of Humanity. His clan's abilities and propen-
sities are farbettetsuited to studyof the dead than participation
in the society of the living, Still, the vampire's abilities allow
him to pursue, the betterment of the community with vigor
unknown to mdrtaPmen, Many Cappadocian Prodigals end
up studyingithe arts‘ofmiedicine, sanitation, philosophy and
history, featlessly.innovating for the future,and studiously
preserving the/past. Among thedead, they find the answers to
better the lives of othetSandsocome'to understand the truth
of their own state. For many of them, damnation is worth at
least that much

Lasombra

Humanity? You want to know the "essence of humanity?"
Let me explain it to you, then. The central ethic of the human
condition is selfishness. The food on the,able, the clothingon the
back, even the desire to/have dhildten is rooted in.a personal
quest for immortality. Our, Gampiric acquisitiveness isnathing
more-than a yefinement of thevexpression of the' very hyinan
desire, to have Our way jin. the. wvorld.: Do T walk the Road-of
Humanity? Better still it would be:eoaskxbho does nor. We all
comport ‘ourselves in thevmannerof men, ‘try {though most
Céinites do to deny it

Lasombra Cainités-até generally: regarded' as ranking
among the most imperious, judgmental, self-centered and
arrogant of all yampires. Few of them Had anything ap-
proaching an acceptable sense of social accountability as
mortals, since the clan tends not to choose,those who
believe inthe weakness of setting the meek before the
strong or any Other-such, sentimental /elaptrap. Often,
Magisters who attempt to setout upon the Road of Human-
ity while carrying on with the very.ambition and drive that
won them the Embrace find that it Jacks a flexible-enough
moral framework (as far as such aspiration' go, at any rate)
to hold the Beast in check. Instead; such'sorts usually end
up looking to' the ViaxCaeli or/VideRegalis x4, provide an
ethical compass.

This isnotrosay, though, that ni Magister accepts the
teachings of the Road of Humanity; quite-the contrary.
Human beings are capable of acts of great pride (for both
good and ill), as great as those perpetrated by any Cainite.
And any Magister worth her blood can attest that it is

Fe eS
+ CHAPTER TWO -

rere


unwise to judge a vampire by his seeming; what is visible
might be nothing more than shadows. Indeed, sometimes,
a particularly driven mortal's perceptions of the world are
completely shattered by the Lasombra Embrace, and sud-
denly, a selfish kine is replaced with a more conscientious
and moral Cainite. While it is by no means a common
phenomenon, it does happen often enough to be worthy of
consideration. It is crucial to remember, however, than no
Prodigal need be a saint upon the Earth. Most Lasombra
Prodigals would, given the opportunity, be more than
happy to prove such to the uninformed

Loreador

Let me tell you of the splendors of humanity. am moved
torecalll a particular young lady whose company I was privileged
to share during my brief stay in Florence. Her form was that of
an Aphrodite and her mind was keen and complex. I longed for
her in a way I had not felt since my blood grew thick and dark
within my withered veins. It was not a simple lust; that is a
sentiment for baser creatures. No, instead, I felt the desire to
share with her my mind and my spirit, as well as my flesh. It was
an agonizing pleasure, that experience, and so profound was it
that I drank her life, just then, to.preserve her as she was, free of
the corruption of decline and deérepitude

The Toreador are keepery of this ancient réad), just as
much as the Brujah, Artisans feel, more keenly than most,
the glorious flow of life'and vitality that moves through the
mortal\world; and their'tendeney to'grow entaptuted with
detail-allows them to appreciate the nuatices of that world
with.aleyel of discernment foreign to ‘most of the rest of
their Kind. More' so than, members"of any/other clan,
Toreador can be said. to'énvy the living the unique beauty
of theif state, as their well-trained eyes-see both the' style
and the substance of the thing, both the mechanics and the
aesthetics of mortality. While some othef yampires may
shrink back ‘from awareness.of the swift/-blooming and
withering)of human lives, Or else treat such livesowith a
callous lack\of consideration; Artisans long !to embrace
(and, sometimes;
innocent spfeqdor:

imbrace) Children' of Seth for their
Like the Brujah, the. Toreador supportsthéymost aca-
demic views of the, Read ‘of Humanity. It, is; for them, a
perfected work of moral harmony. While'anyone can igno-
rantly continue on ina mockery of the life he once led, it takes
a truly discerning soul to consciously attempt to replicate
code of ethics as an artful outside observer. More so, when one
indulges in constant participation in the society one is observ-
ing. To the Toreador, the Road of Humanity is a celebration
of the best of both worlds; artistic temperance and sensuous
indulgence. To the Prodigal Artisan, the mortal world is the
inspiration and the canvas, the muse and the method. A
number of Toreador do, however, find their way to the Via
Humanitatis by way of uninformed imitation of their mortal
beliefs. Such childerare often treated with adegree of pity and
a hint of mockery by their more "well-educated" brethren;
though some Toreador, in recent nights, have stopped caring

»-ROAD OF

HUMANITY -

quiteso much about the distinction, choosing to instead focus
on more pressing external matters.
Asimisce

A Road of Man? Bah! Many roads cross in the depths of my
demesne, childe, and most of them were ancient when Man was
young. I know what the priests of the Nailed God would haveme
believe about humanity's "preeminent place" in some "Divine
Plan," but my gods are older still and their estimation of the place
of kine is more in keeping with my oum/Why would I seek tobe
like a human? I consume, humans to sate‘my hunger and pick
apart the weave of theit flesh/and bone.to satisfy my curiosity.
There are enough frail serfs in this world without Cainites doffing
their lordly mantles to go. among them andivear the countenance
of sheep.

Ofall of the High Glanspitis the inhuman Tzitnisce that
mostroundlyscorn the Via Humanitatis atid its adhetents. Few
self-respecting FiendsEmbrace childer who lack a ftindamen-
tally monstrous. wotldview — not exactly fertile soil for the
ethics of HGmanity to take root and flourish. Of course, the
Curse of Caine is not a license-to perfect judgment, and some
Tzimisce have been ktiown to choose their progeny poorly,
While many of these are put to death (or worse) ittrelatively
short order, some few do manage to\walk (or at least limp)
away; of these, no few-end up drawn to the very basic ethics
of the Road'of Humanity, through'a lack of education in any
otherroad if for no other reason.

All told, Fiends often: valtte the Via Humanitatis, but
only inthe same sense that a herdsman values sheep thatare
docile, well-behavedand not proneto wandering far. Most
Tzimisce equate the Road-of Humanity with a means of
pacifying weak-willed vampires and keeping them in theit
place through fear of sinning against their fellows. It makes
such Cainites socially and spiritually pliant, and admirably
transforms them into building blocks for a successful
voivodate. Every lord needs his peasantry, after all, and the
ethics of Humanity, from the overall perspective of the
clan, are those of a victim, rather than a rival

Dentrue

lam not aman, butinstead @Son of Caine, damned by his
Curse and forever denied.the light of salvation. Does this make
me inhyman? I do nov believe.so.*At least, not inherently
inhuman. Just as menedn choose; by:their thoughts andideeds,
to bemonsters) so toommight monsters, such as myself, chobse to
be like unto men! I am vio angel; demon or animal of thé wilds,
Unlike many of my Warlord brethren, I wearno crownv'ubon my
brow+\am a'poor knight and, if my sire ‘is to be believed, apoor
Cainite I can, however, content myself with the knowledge that
Tamyinat least\some-ways, a good man:

While many are-hasty to identify'the Warlords with
the Roads of Heaven and Kings, a strony minorityof the
Ventrue'are, in fact, walkers upon the Via) Hitmanitatis,
Often), these aristocratic \Cainites-eall themselves by the
oldersobriquet, Patricians, after the example of the'Prodi-
gal paragon Juilia Anntasia. In fact; mosb,Ventrue Prodigals
style their adherence to the road upon.the ethics of Rome,

hl SR

— /-—_——
Pa


and they are among the staunchest lamenters of the fallen
state of Europe and the grasping antics that seem to rule the
night during the War of Princes. Most are considered
pacifistic weaklings by their more combative clansmen, a
claim the most serene and disciplined of them do nothing
to disprove, instead_content, tocknow. that they walk a
rightequs‘path, and one that offers greater spiritual rewards
than'the simple fulfillment of ambition.

For those Ventrue who do walk the Via Humanitatis, it
is most often through the auspices of formalized training in
thetoad's tenets.A greater percentage of Ventrué Come to
the Roadof Humanity naturally, however, than Brujah or
Toreador. Given\the: Ventrue's exacting,standards\for
childer, most of thése who are trained:toythe,road receive
their'instruction from their sires, while those who come to
the road on theit own usually do so out of tebellion or
rejection of the sire's cade. Only rately does "a Ventrue
contract-a member ‘of another clan-to'teach one of het
progeny'a system of beliefs. ledemonstrares weaknéssin the
clan and creates too-touch telianée upon one /ndt of the
blood. Exceptions dovoccur, of course; but they are rare. It
is more common for a Ventrue sire upon the Road of
Heaven or of Kings, when faced with a childe who wishes
to become a Prodigal, to simply turn from that childe in
disgust and allow her to go her own way.

The Low Clans

Itisamong the Low Clans that the Road of Humanity
truly seems to flourish. While few Low Clans wholeheart-
edly endorse the road with the same vehemence as the
Artisans or Zealots, conversely, few such clans are as
strictly opposed to it as are the more inhuman among the
High Clans. Overall, a somewhat higher percentage of
Low Clan Cainites find meaning upon the Via Humanitatis
than do those of the High Clans

Assamite

A man is born-as Allahwouldhave-him be. The Most
Merciful chooses for hinvhis father and his mothetand, no matter
what changes about -him-over the course of the'lifé'that is given
him, hedoesnior stopbéing him whom Allahformedundgave life
Many of my brethren choose to see'themselues as somehow other
thai the-yonce were, as thovigh the soul of a man canbe urimade
by any artifice of theimmortals. T pity them for whacinust sively
bedbleakexistence. Leake comfort andljoyin knowing that lam
practly who Iwas meant to be and that Pardilise yas is the case
otal good nen is not denied me; Emust simply-vaic a longer
Hind for it thanmost,

The Banu Hagim-have-great estéem for the /Road of
Humanity. Man is exalted above all othercteatutes, even (or,
perhaps, especially) Cainites. Even-those-Assamites' who
follow the Road of Blood recognize the great‘importance of
the Via Hhamanicatis: To exist in harmonty with one's surround-
ings is to be admireds-and to treat-one's fellow men with
Tespect and compassion is-as the Prophet-admonished. Aes-
thetically speaking, the Road of Humanity-is pleasing to the
Assamite sensibility, for-it speaks-of a sincere heart and a

~~

generous spirit; traits that are to be esteemed, even by those
whose moral codes forbid such charitable behavior.

The cities in which many of the Banu Hagim dwell are,
as compared to most European settlements, overwhelm:
ingly teeming with humanity. It only makes sense fora clan
so entrenched in such vastly populated areas to support
ethics that endorse mutual responsibility within the com-
munity, and a sense that sinning against one's neighbor
makes one monstrous. Further, the powerful hold main-
tained by Islam upon such lands means that many fida'i
being Embraced in modern nights grow up with a belief in
the sanctity of engaging in right behavior toward others and
in lauding only pure thoughts.

Followers of Set

I place great value on humanity. I value itas I would a bevy
of prize stallions or a lush crop of hashish. It is a possession to
be carefully cultivated for use in trade with others of the Race of
Caine. Certainly, one.might have a swong sense of affection
toward one's finest horse andmayevenilavish attention uponit,
butin tie end, iris adiimb beast. Certainly; one does not die for
one's steed anda wise man doesnotfeed his horse befaréhefeeds
himself; So, co} %s it with humankind,

With the possible exception of theLepers) the Follow-
ers of Set is the-Low Clan unlikeliestto/have\adherents
upon theVia Humanitatis. The Serpents, for thé mast part,
lackithe'moral compunétions necessary to accept 4 himan
(or hiunane) way of existence. In a manner similar' to the
Tzimisce, they specifically do not chdose potential childer
who have too many "inconvenient? attitudes regarding
what is and is not acceptable in a civilized society (those
who can expertly play at having such beliefs are valued, but
the Followers of Set have little tise fot prospective progeny
who actually cling to such outmoded values)

Many of the very few Serpents who come to walk the
Road of Humanity do $6 as outcasts from their line. Unable
tocondone the archetypical Setite adherence to the Roads
of the Beast, of Sin ohof the' Serpent, they often turn to the
comforting. cthics-of-the-ViasMumanitatis. Such solitary
CainiteSare to be pitied (not that any-wise-vampire would
pity & Serpent, dest she falbprey to an elaborate ruseén the
part of a scheming and seemingly contrite Setite), and
usually lead wretched unlives as wanderers and vagabonds,
trusted by none for their blood and despised by their
kinsmen for their devotion to a contemptible creed. Still, a
handful does manage to eke out an existence, scattered here
or there. Several of these lonely souls migrate to Europe,
seeking acceptance and perhaps more formal education
upon their road in anonymity.

Gangrel

A beast? I'm afraid not, good sir. You must have me
mistaken for someone else. I am a Cainite, to be certain, but I
do not spend my nights scratching fleas from my body, clamber-
ing in the trees or baying at the moon. I have command over the
base creatures of the Earth and, truth be told, can adopt their
features to my advantage when need be, but I am no more an

a ee

APTERT


1a

"Animal" than youare, by the gentle looks of you, a "Warlord."
Tam undead now but, before that, I was my father's daughter
and it is who I was before I died that defines me

For the most part, the Animals have little respect for
the Road of Humanity. To the Gangrel, men asa race donot
rank among the finest of nature's predators and, as Cainites
are undeniably predators, it does not do for them to emulate
prey. Indeed, humans are as differefit#from Cainites as they
are from wolves. Still, some-Gangrel} for whatever reason,
lack the desire to set their feerupdnithe Road of the Be
Often, these so-called Animals come to walk the Via
Humanitatis, seeking another facer'ot the simple existence
endorséd by their rustieline: For-the most part, the other
roadsstrike niany Gangrel.as too elaborate-and contrived
(hotto mention ounter to the customary attitudes of mést
members of the clan)to be worthy of much consideration,

Gangrel‘Prodigals are often staunchly pragmatié, ap-
Proaching unlife with simple wisdom and an eye \for the
hecessities oflexistence. Just as the farmer worties abouthiy
crop,so tog does.aGangrel upon this road personally, ldo
tothe health of the community; he finds comfort)familiat-
ityand self-worth iin the work of his hands./The Gangrel's
amazing andetstanding of the Beast, perliaps 'strangel},
makes for somé very fine Prodigals among the clan's ranks,
though most Aninalswwho come to tread such a pathdos
out@finstinct;tather than as the result ofiany formalized
education. Short of the animalistic features that gradually
come to festoon the Gangrel's frame, many such Cainites
pass virtually unnoticed among the locals, and it would take
a trained Cainite eye to pick one out from among the kine
he cultivates

Malkavian

Dust and ash aremen, for ave shall drink only blood and eat
only ashes. So'says the Book of Nod. I human? I can say
with certainty that I am\tired. So tired. Men tire, do they not? |
bleed when wounded, likeany wian Indeed, I bleed the blood of
every man. Every man'in this hamlet, at the very least. God
made of His Son aman and men have made gods of one another.
For I am the Blade and.the Life $o-saysthe Book of the Lord
Men, gods, blood and ashes: Alllis@né. I am a god among men
and a man among gods

The question asto whethér‘a given Madman walks the
Road of Humanity and why is often as complex a matteras
the particular madness that afflicts her; and as with ques:
tioning a Malkavian about hénailment, those who dig for
answers usually. get what they deserve. It is enough to say
that a fair number of Madmen tread this venerable road,
most often through a journey of instinctual discovery,
though no fewire carefullyjtrained on the road by danger-
ously exacting of obsessive sires; Malkavian Prodigals tend
to end up in many ofithe same places as mortal lunatics,
skulking in the most wretched/and marginalized urban
areas, as well as walking inthe logal Cainite places of power,
valued for their insights-as much as they are feared and
hated for their particular. breed of "enlightenment."

am eh ee Laer GO = a
2 a>_ROADORHUMANITY GH = Sr >


Trying to get a unified opinion out of the clan regard-
ingthe Road of Humanity is (as is the case with virtually any
other matter) a futile pursuit. Some Madmen are inclined
to regard it as folly, while others rant on ceaselessly about
itstenets being the only path to salvation. Some Malkavians
even grow violent about the subject of sin against society
No few seem to have no opinion atall on the matter, or else
seem to change their views on it on a whim. In general, the
Prodigal path counsels pity for the mad, since so many of
them are incapable of responsible social interaction, but
advises caution also, for the very same reason. Some
Malkavians lack even the most basic sense of how to
participate in a community, and these Cainites are to be
regarded with just as much fear and trepidation as charity.

Nosferatu

Do look human to you, good sir? I thought not. Noman
wears tusks like these, and as last | knew, no Son of Seth was
draped in horned scales and forced to call them skin. The only
other corpses I know of so riddled with vermin as myself neither
move nor speak. So, no,*kwould not consider myself human. 1
could walk the same rodd as other'men, but all that happens is
that they run screaming. Leave:me to vty solitude and seek your
answers elsewhere, Prodigal. You will mot find them here
IfCappadocians havesome notable difficulty blending
intosociety well enough'to-enjoy.the moral guidance of the
Road of Humanity, then.the Lepérs are truly cursed to
forever dwell apart. Theit natural forms a horror to behold,
Nosferatu lack any ready means, short of the powers of the
blood, to participate ity most strata of mortal society. This
is not to say;-howeyer, that they are completely without
fecourse in this-mattér.Some Nosferatu haVe found the
salvation.of common humanity among the downfallen and
outcast} the mad, the diseased, the. disfigured and ‘those
otherwise spat upon by society at latge. Such folk crave
companionship, just like the Lepers, and common misery
cin make for a sense of brotherhood and\mutual réliance
Many Nosferatu, however, aré simply too émbittered
by their painfull disfigurements to attempt to delude them-
selvesinto believing that.interaction with the Community
is possible. Even.when concealed by Cainité powers, after
all,such a vampire knows for himself thathe is a misshapen
monster. So much of an individual's selffimage is tied up in
the physical form, and it is a psychological roadblock that
Most of them never manage to surpass. After all, if one looks
likea monster, the why shouldn't one try to be a monster or,
failing that, turn to the completely beatific, looking for
redemption in something other than the world of the flesh?
Despite this, however, few Lepers actively despise the Via
Humanitatis or scorn it. To their thinking, it would bea fine
path to walk, if only one looked enough the part to tread it

Ravnos

Yes, I'm a thief. And an occasional cutthroat. And I was
both of those things long before I was a vampire. I can't say as
imyexistence has much changed, except of course for the diet. I'm
Mot interested in being some kind of devil incarnate and I can't

ee ee
= :

4 CHAP

claim that I was ever much for religion. I came to the Road of
Humanity of my own accord andon my own terms, asis the case
with all I do. My beliefs set me free; free to be whatever sort of
man I wish to be, Let other Gainitéssbe enslaved to morals and
values they need to betrained in beforethey can even truly believe
inthem. Formyown part, | will contintie on being true to myself,
just as I always have

Charlatans seém to be/drawn to the Road of Humanity
just as often"as they are tothe tenets of the Via Peccati.
Something in thevyery basicjand intuitive ethics of the road
appeals to many Raynos, despite the ethical difficulties that
sucha journey oftenimeans forsti¢h Cainitesgiven their line's
propensity for crime-andevicezAs.might be'expected, most
Ravnoswhogome totread theroad doso.asa matter of natural
tendencies, rather than education. The wanderlustofthe clan
does not hugh lend itselfito the staidiand fote instruction of
Prodigal /teachers. Indeed, many Charlatay Sites (save for
perliaps for the most traditional of them, most of whom favor
the clan's Road of Paradox tothe exclusion ofall Sthers)seem
toevincelittle concern inthe end for what roadstheir childer
might Walk.

Still, the seductively cunning Ravnos Beast does tend
to pose a lot Of problems for the ‘would-he .Charlatan
Prodigal. By definition, every aet_of iniquity that the
Ravnos is moved to tindertake. is a sinvagainst Humanity,
which often results in a painfully treacherous path for one
who would challenge the immorality that swims in her
blood to find her way along the Via Humanitatis. The very
chaos that the clan's blood calls out for its members to sow
tuns directly counter to the Road of Humanity's essential
devotion toa functional society. Sadly, it is a paradox many
Ravnos, despite their commitment to the road, never
manage to adequately resolve, leaving them foundering in
confusion, doubt and even self-loathing. No few, however,
strike some sort of workable balance, either through con-
scious effort and discipline or else by ceasing tocontemplate
the contradictions entirely.

Tremere

You want to know whétl think of the' Road of Humanity?
Itis nonsense. I knowonly that Lwas, not so long ago, the long-
suffering apprentice to.4 brital and unforgiving magus. He died
under' the fangs. of my ‘clansmen and-l ivas/gifted with life
everlasting. I walk nd road wakein theevening and dress, and
then'set about-what business House and Clan have'set for me.
Tam not meant for Heaven and Hell holds no clair to me now.
Lam forever suspended on the edge of death in\che world of men.
Is that\a road? Tf'so, then so be it. If not, then\who cares?

The murderous and treacherous Clan Tremete is a
recent artivaL.upon the great stage of the night. Poised on
the edge of becoming.an amazingly significant power, it is,
nevertheless, spiritually, bereft. While many long for what
the Tremere can provide and the Usurpersate.more than
happy to lay claimto resources and favors, theydo not yet
truly known enough of the Cainite world to be aware of the
amazing diversity. of moralities available to-the Damned.
(Not that the Tremere were"ever much concerned with


morality.) A few early Embraces lost to the Second Death
taught the blood-magi the importance of cleaving to a set
of ethics and upholding them.to'a degree greater than lip-
service, but most members of the clan are still walking the
Road of Humanity out ofinstinct. Norall Tremete have yet
embraced the idea of being monsters and few have, any
pretensions torighteousness, leaving thé Via Humanitatis as
something ofan acceptable compromise

In truth, something of a sense of fear lingers among the
seemingly"brazen Tremere regarding most of the' other
roads. Itis a frightening thing to so'consciously and éalcu-
latedly abandof-normal human beliefs about right and
wrong, ‘noyiiiatter/how skewed the perspectives of the
with few. members ofother clans willing to extend them the
courtesyoftutelage, endupdefaultingtothe Via Humanitatis.
Some members of the-High"Clans-actually advoeate an
active sequestering of such knowledge away. fromthe ac-
quisitive Tremere, since it Will, they reason, help to keep
these dangerously

average Tremere were in such affairs; and the" Usurpers

ambitious new Cainites in check

And Others

Of course (though they might have it otherwise), the
13 clans of Caine are not the only ones to bear the Dark
Father's Curse. Bloodlines, aberrant and divergent, share in
the blood of the Third Mortal and are possessed of both his
immortality and his hunger. Such Cainites have their own

views on the Road of Humanity

Baali

Humanity. What an interesting word. Ask aman to define
it and he will founder, trying to give it a single meaning
Philosophers and holy men have debated the significance, the
nature, of the human state for millennia. None have reached any
accord With éne another and the only constant, it seems, is that
mankind is a race without symmetnyfor equilibrium. Men are
willful, murderous, selfish and eas¥ to Contx6l through the bestial
passions they try so hard to deny They loheffor those things that
makethem ashamed and thenwallowin régret when theit darkest
wishes are fulfilled A humanmakes afine plaything, but would
never wish to be one,

The Via Humaniratis does nor appeal to the Baali on
any levelf save' as"an €asy/meahs byswhich to control
spirithallyyeakCainitéssHuman beingsaréthe coin of the
realm, not ah éxemplar to setupon a-pillar and ido!
Primitive men' worshipped the beings-they hunted and
consumed. Now look wherethoseimen aré: Extinct, or else
pushed to the fanfringeswf the world andawaiting extermi-
nation It does not do to venerate prey. Furtherfwhat is
there inhumanity that can be said to be truly admirable?
The overwhelming majority of the world's most despicable
individuals Raye been mortal men and women, living up to
the legacy of theif'sinful natures. Manas‘ beast, same as any
other. He finds a means" to»satisfy his desires, slays what
stands in his way if he is strong enough to do so, and seeks
to dominate whatever he may. He is born, he grows, he ruts
and he dies. Cainites are removed from that futile cycle by

dint of their exalted Curse. Why try to crawling in the mul
after one has learned to fly?

From the perspective of the Shaitan, the Road of Ht
manity is, as is the case with most vampiric endeavors, a Wall
of narcissistic self-deception. Those Cainites who wish they
were human pretend to be; by so doing, they imagine thatill
of the things they would rather not believe about themselves
will just go away. Why accept the Beast that will now be your
companion for eternity when you can just cover your eyesand
act as though it never fills you with the urge to feed and ti
destroy? To the Bali, most vampires are children meddling
the in the affairs of adults and allowing themselves to believe
itis a game. None are more contemptible in that regard thal
the Prodigals, who lack even the modicum of imaginationif
takes to properly redefine themselves in light of their neW
existence

The Other Bloodlines

I stand alone, my brothers and sisters fallen beneath the
fangs of cruel Usurpers; yet I do not despair, for the greatest
things humans can achieve are had during times of great duress
I believe in the strength of one man, and in all that of which
humanity is capable. I chose my road because of that undeta
standing. Hatred, ambition and fear are terrible things to exiih
for and so I chose to carry on with compassion, honor and
reason. I may die the Final Death but I will die as I have lived}
aman. There is no finer end to be asked for

Different bloodlines see the Road of Humanity differ
ently. The opinions of the Baali are addressed above and sod@y
not warrant further exploration here, but the handful of other
Cainites walking apart from the Clans of Caine have theif
own thoughts on the matter. The brutal Gargoyles are simple
beasts and have little use for moral quandary. Those whodd
manage to find some sense of meaning or self (apart from thé
instinctual adherence to the Road of the Beast common to
their kind) tend not to look to the Via Humanitatis. This
fitting, as few remember anything of the Cainites they were
before their monstrous transformations, let alone the human}
beings they were before that. The enigmatic Laibon, hailing
from distant lands, tend to have a very different sense of what
they are and where they come from than most Cainites, af
peace with the Beast, and seeing it as both close companion
and mantle of authority. As a result, few embrace the tenet
of Humanity. The warlike Lamia on the other hand, guards
ians to the Cappadocians, are mostly to be found upon thé
Road of Humanity. They do not love their human natureyy
however; Gorgons walk this road out of a lack of desire t@
explore morality, favoring instead a simple sense of devotion)
‘ew indeed arethe
Lamia who pursue the Prodigal way with an active sense df

tothe Graverobbers togive them strength.

dedication. The remaining Lhiannan are ill-suited to the Vid
Humanitatis, favoring as they do wild and forlorn lands yet
untamed by the Cross. They are a warrior breed, and oné
rooted in primal and majestic traditions that predate the vey
idea of civilization. The ways of mortal men are not for them
The fading Salubri are perhaps the strongest adherents among
the bloodlines to the Road of Humanity. Many Luminaries


are quick to give credit for the road to martyred Saulot, rather
than any artifice of Arikel and Troile. Of all of the bloodline
Cainites, Salubri are likeliest to be found upon the formally-
trained Via Humanitatis, working as active proponents of its
precepts and attempting, as best they may, to spread its
message before the evil of the Tremere rises up to once and for
all devour them and extinguish the light of this fallen clan.

Inany case, bloodline Cainites make up only the barest
fraction of the vampiric population of the Dark Medieval;
their adherence to the Road of Humanity (or lack of it)
makes little difference, in any case, to the way in which the
affairs of the Via Humanitatis are conducted. While some
Prodigals of the clans (both High and Low) would like tose
this attitude change, there is likely little anyone can do
about it. Prejudice and fear of these outsiders, stemming
from everything from the long-chronicled evils of the Baali
to the terrible misinformation campaign conducted by the
Tremere against the Salubri, runs too strong in the hearts
and minds of most Cainites for it to be otherwise. For the
time being, at any rate, such Prodigals must exist, like all
bloodline Cainites, on the outer fringes of the
Society of the Children of Caine.

Factions within the Road

Justas men divide themselves according to their beliefs

reater

and practices, so too do Prodigals. Such factions are not
{often) political entities, but instead serve to give Prodigals
achoice as to how they walk the Via Humanitatis. While
some choose to doso in peace and silence, others defend the
toad with a militant zeal that would make the most coura-
eous Scion proud (and would likely give her pause the next
time she thought of disparaging the Road of Humanity).

The Academy

A network of mostly High Clan Prodigal scholars,

philosophers and even scientists, the Academy preserves
and propounds the ways of the Via Humanitatis, from the
most venerable traditions of the ancient past to the inno-
Vations of the coming days. Members of this loose coalition

participate in correspondence with one another, engaging
in debate that spans nations and, in the case of some truly
ancient Academes, centuries

The Academy, widely considered to have been founded
inancient Hellas by a Brujah Prodigal, has not wavered in
its purpose since its inception — though its membership,
and the influence and respect accorded to that membership
bythe Cainite community as a whole, has certainly waxed
and waned over the years. Currently the organization is
enjoying something of a resurgence, as the interchange of
ideas engendered by the onset of the War of Princes (one of
the only benefits of that conflict, according to most Aca-
demes) has encouraged otherwise isolated Prodigal
intellectuals to connect with their brethren in a spirit of
educated discussion.

The Academy stands firmly behind the formally trained
interpretation of the Road of Humanity, though more and

more instinctive walkers upon the Via Humanitatis are
coming into positions of prominence and respect among
these Cainite scholars. Among the topics of discussion for
these sages are bits of Noddist lore, techniques for harness-
ing the Beast and innovations in the art of passing unnoticed
among the kine. Some princes worry that the correspon-
dences of the Academes (those who are even aware of the
Academy's existence, that is) could, with one waylaid
messenger, lay bare many of the secrets of the Cainite
world; but most of these Prodigal scholars have the wisdom
and foresight to encode their communications in elaborate
ciphers or else conceal the meaning of their writings in

double-talk.
The Gray House

More a way of unlife than an organized faction upon
the Road of Humanity, the Gray House is an ascetic
fellowship that takes its cues from the subsistence lifestyle
practiced by many kine of small means. Walkers on any
path of the greater road may be welcomed into the Gray
House, though there is no real induction ceremony or even
any real hierarchy within the movement. Being initiated is
more a case of learning of the Gray House and expressing a
willingness to adhere to its methods than anything else.
Members of the Gray House address one another as
"brother" or followed by the fellow adherent's
name, on occasions on which they me

"sister,
t. They dress plainly,
in the manner of peasants, and do not partake in any
manner of luxury, seeing such indulgence as fodder for the
Beast's appetites. They are not a flagellant order, but they
do eschew wealth and opulent material possessions, and
believe that any acceptance of excess gives the Beast an
opportunity to feed and grow stronger. While it sometimes
rages in its privation, they maintain, it can be most ad-
equately fettered through constant denial. Gray House
Cainites feed only when they must (though they never, if it
can be atall helped, allow themselves to grow ravenous, and
try to feed before lack of blood begins to create even the first
stirrings of gnawing hunger). They do not feed from those
in altered states of consciousness (such as the besotted or
the insane), and avoid drinking from any toward whom
they feel intense emotion, since they believe passion goads
the Beast

The brothers and sisters of the Gray House, like many
kine, often cultivate their own "crop," in their case working
to establish a functional herd for feeding — though ideally,
they do not attempt to gather more such mortals than will
suffice to sustain them in simple comfort. Most feed exclu-
sively from kine, since it ill-befits a man to consume fare not
fit for a human, and they would not presume to defy the
Curse of Caine in their simple lifestyle. Such arrogance
enrages the Beast and skirts the laws of Cainite society. A
simple man does as he must, no more and no less.

The Twilight Order
The Twilight Order, more properly known as the
Order of the True Knights of the Setting Sun, is comprised

eS

+ CHAPTERAWO +


. Most members were once soldiers,
knights, foresters or other such hardy and martially skilled
individuals, though a significant minority were once clergy,
academics and similar, more contemplative sorts. The
Cainites of the Twilight Order are dedicated toa harsh but
ultimately ary purpose: the extermination of those
who have died the Second Death.

Naturally, hunting the Soulless is dangerous business.
Those Cainites who have completely degenerated and lost
their way without the hope of redemption are many and
varied. Most are savage fien
beyond the fulfillment of the
vival

, incapable of any action
bsolute necessities of sur-
Some few, however, retain their faculties, becoming
predators with human intellect, yet devoid of all human
compunction. These are among the most brutally perilous
hunts that face the knights of the Twilight Order, since
their foes are capable of literally anything in the course of
their attempts to feed and survive, and ha'
use compl

e the capacity to
x logic in the course of satisfying the demands of
a Beast that has overwhelmed any desire for restraint,
control or higher purpose. They are, more so than
any other kind of Cainite, monsters in human
skin.
Initiation into the Twilight Or-
affair, filled with
citations from the

Book of Nod, the

use of incense and the ritual ingestion of blood. Also, th
initiate is branded upon the left shoulder with the markd
the Order (inflicting a health level of aggravated da
and requiring a Courage roll to avoid Rotshre

swords. Through mystic rites, the scar of the brand i
permanent, though it is said that those who abandon eithél
the Order or the Road of Humanity find that the markfade
from their shoulder over the course of a few nights. Asm
formal rituals of the Twilight Order are undertaken inw
robes that leave the arms fully bare, the vanished brand
would, if there is any truth to the rumor, be a sure sign
the knight has turned her back upon the fellowship.

Baths

Like all of the other major Roads of Caine, the Roadd
Humanity contains within it several divergent paths,

The Path of Breath
Advocating human behavior as a means of ef

bracing the human spirit to the exclusion of t
t, adherents to the Via Anima (also trans

eer

*ROADOFHUMANITY: 4

oan
<


VIGILFOR THE Lost

ritual unique to the knights of the

(dL Twilight Order, the Vigil for the Lost is a
solemn occasion, wherein those who have died the
Second Death are remembered. The Vigil takes place
onthe night of the Winter Solstice and is undertaken
byallofthe knights ina given region who can be there
Religious knights offerprayers, while those ill-nclined
toward matters of the faith often simply reflect. If the
names of slain Soullessare known, they are recited and
recorded by the Order's scribes. Some knights are
known to have their blades etched with the names of
those they have felled. The members of the Order do
what they can tasupport one another during this time
indshare tales, both joyousand sorrowful; they use this
opportunity to carefully cultivate their sense of hu
manity in participation in the order. Though it is not
poken of openly, knights' adherence to the Road of
Humanity is carefully monitored during this time. The
knighthood has, afterall, also losta few of ts own to the
Second Death; and it does not do for these warriors to
watch the affairs of others while failing to keep their

The Vigil serves another purpose as well, one
that might be considered a bit sinister by even some
if the Order's own membership. A small number of
scholars and scribes, in recording the names and, if
known, clans, roads and even specific lineages of the

oulless, are attempting to compile an accurate
system of profiling for Cainites, one that will help to
Jetermine which vampires are likeliest to succumb
to the Second Death, Eventually, the compendium
of known Soulless migrates across the length and
Order, and the of the

ththood's sages work to discern which of the

breadth of the Wisest
vorld's vampires must be most carefully monitored

for a descent into madness and monstrousness

mortals themselves. As the Path of Breath teaches, only the
soul makes man distinct from animal, as it is the seat of
intellect, reason and the higher emotions

The Inspired, as they call themselves, embrace the idea
that only a human being is capable of salvation of the spirit.
Such Cainites deny the lure of Beast by blatantly rejecting the
ways of the undead. They dwell among the living and share in
their joys and sorrows. The Inspired work hard to establish
facade of life so convincing that even they themselves (and,
perhaps more importantly, their ever-watchful Beasts) are
deceived by it. While other Prodigals seek to walk a road,
Inspired strive to become so well-acquainted with their path
45 to no longer need to consider it.

The Path of Community
The Via Communitas stands for a broader view of
Himanity and Prodigal responsibility toward it. Exalt-

ing the many above the one, the Path of Community
teaches that it is society that saves and, accordingly,
society that is most wronged by the iniquities of Cainites.
While it is admirable to do right by the one or the few,
it is most important, the walkers upon the Path of
Community maintain, to be just toward the many,
which is the greater civilization in which one exists.

With its roots in the teeming population centers
of the Islamic world, the Path of Community has
found its way into the growing communities of Eu-
rope. The Civilized (as adherents to the path are
called) are well-received in many Cainite domains,
believing as they do in social order and responsibility
toward the greater whole.

The Path of Hlumination

Every faith has its heretics; for the Prodigals, the
self-proclaimed Illuminated fill that role. Dualists, the
walkers upon the Path of Illumination practice a spiri-
tual tradition of absolute liberation through a strict

doctrine of social consciousness. Without exception,

the Path of Illumination is taught, rather than found, as
it is a complex ethical system, filled with moral reflec-
tion and seeming contradictions that must be resolve
in order for the adherent to progress in understanding.

Naturally, most Cainites have no love for the Via
Luminis, as it denounces the Western religious tradi-
tion, counsels defiance of unjust rule and considers
Caine to be without sin. Since its adherents are
hunted by the staunch warriors of the Roads of Heaven
and Kings, the Path of Illumination may die out
entirely within a few centuries, though that remains
to be seen. Despite allegations to the contrary, how-
ever, the path has no connection to the much-despised
Cainite Heresy

The Path of Vigor

The Path of Vigor is one of change and motion. The
walkers upon the path believe that the essential nature
of humanity is to constantly be on the move, whether in
mind, body or spirit, and so they embrace trends, move
ments, innovations and even (to the perpetual chagrin
of most Cainites in positions of authority) revolutions.
Many on the core Road of Humanity see them as vital,
if not always wise, and their contributions to Prodigal
society, derived from their human interactions, are well
appreciated.

Of course, many Cainites are ill inclined toward the
Via Vireo and the Rovers who walk it. The path teaches
that stillness and stasis (the twin pillars on which stable
Cainite society is based) are death and admonishes its
adherents to defy such boring and stagnant states. (Ac-
cordingly, many Cainites on this path number themselves
among the Furores.) Other Cainites consider the path
foolish, for it teaches Prodigals to embrace the transient
world of humanity and to thereby turn their backs upon
the contemplation of the slow perfection of the undead.



HAPCER.CHREE:
Ché MANeDIChHIN
Ché BEAST

As for you, Gilgamesh, fill your belly with good thing

3S;

day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast

and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in
water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and
make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is
the lot of man.

— Anonymous, The Epic of Gilgamesh

Some players are inclined to see the Via Humanitatis as a road for
weak-willed vampires who want nothing more than to spend their
eternal nights drinking blood from rats and rescuing orphans. This is
flatly untrue. Consider that humans perpetrate the overwhelming
majority of the world's evils. A cutpurse Embraced into one of the
Clans of Caine does not usually abandon his criminal ways, nor does
a greedy merchant often suddenly turn charitable. The Road of
Humanity is capable of encompassing the vast majority of the
for both good and evil, of which human beings are capable.

Important to remember, though, is that you are not playing a
human who happens to have fangs. A Prodigal is a creature inher-
ently more monstrous than a man, but striving, consciously or
otherwise, to be less so. The Beast is a manifestation of all that is base
and contemptible within a person: all of the selfishness, savagery,
greed, jealousy, hatred and even fear. That in mind, all that exists

+ CHAPTER THREE -

outside of the Beast must, by extension, include the best
of what remains of the individual who was Embraced.

It is easy to lose oneself to delusions of grandeur,
pretensions of divine favor or simple brute lusts; it ishard
to try to do what is right when the monster within is
thrashing about inside its cage, longing to be allowed to
rend, destroy, steal, feed and kill with absolute abandon
and without even a modicum of respect for civilized
behavior. As Prodigals see things, other roads exist to
either pardon the reprehensible actions endorsed by the
Beast or else to foist responsibility for the vampire's state
(and the acts engendered by that state) off on someone
else. It is, to their thinking, weakness on par with that
which followers of every other road see fit to attribute to
the Via Humanitatis.

Walking the Road

Prodigals, like only they and Ferals might, come to
their road in one of two ways: intentionally or instinc-
tively. Both of these approaches have their distinct
advantages and disadvantages. Both choices will prob-
ably makea significant impacton the way your character
unfolds during its creation and on the way in which you
play the character when the game begins. Thus, before
you create your Prodigal character, you should prob-
ably decide whether or not she was trained to the Road
of Humanity:

Characters who are formally educated in the tenets
of the Via Humanitatis often have a more consciously
philosophical bent to their attitudes regarding the Beast
and vampiric existence in general, and some even em-
brace completely secular views of the evil within them.
Those who find the road on their own, on the other
hand, may have been abandoned by a sire (perhaps in
disgust when the neonate could not or would not grasp
the ethics of the sire's road), or may have struck out on
his own early into his unlife. Perhaps he fled an abusive
sire or failed to comprehend the lessons of a teacher in
another road's ethics. Every other road of Caine is, in
some way, contradictory to whatnormal people consider
to be morally correct.

In some circles, it actually makes quite a difference
as to whether your character was initiated into the Via
Humanitatis by a respected teacher, a remorseful sire or
her own intuition and sense of right and wrong. Some
scorn self-taught Prodigals as weak, and some regard
Cainites educated in the road as coldly logical in their
morals. Every choice can make an ally or an enemy, and
the choice of howa Cainite found the Road of Humanity
should be no exception. Indeed, it is likely to have some
impact on how your character sees and responds to many
of the situations of her existence

Of course, the other option is to just begin creating
the character and let the chips fall where they may,

drawing the logical conclusions, based upon what youend
up with as to whether she found the road on her own, with
help or through some combination of the two extremes,

Character Creation

Prodigals are as varied a lot as the mortals they seek
to emulate. They are drawn from the ranks of rough
laborers, erudite scholars, humble priests and daughters
of noble privilege. There is no such thing as an
"archetypical Prodigal." While it is often convenient for
walkers upon the Road of Humanity to allow others to
believe them to be mewling, motley, blood-starved
penitents ceaselessly bemoaning their damnation tothe
night, the truth of the matter is much more complex.
Many Prodigals don't even find their state particularly
abhorrent, or rather, are fully aware of the futility of
seeking to unmake the Curse of Caine and so leam:
(figuratively speaking) to live with it

All of the archetypes presented for Nature and
Demeanor in Dark Ages: Vampire are appropriate for
a Prodigal, and there's really no "best" way to spend
points on Attributes in character creation for one,
Among formally trained walkers upon the Vid
Humanitatis, Mental Attributes might be appropriate to
make primary, but this is really just a polite suggestion
rather than any kind of mandate.

As to Abilities, Prodigals are, again, a varied lot
Still, afew emergeas particularly useful forsuch Cainite
Empathy may well be one of the most quintessentially
Prodigal of Abilities, for it represents an awarene:
(whether schooled or intuitive) of the moods and mo-
tives of others; a boon for those who would seek to blend
in among the kine and who wish to see themselves
reflected in the thoughts and actions of others and so
draw strength from community and commonality. Ad-
ditionally, many Prodigals are drawn from the middle
and lower ranks of society, making such Abilities as
Commerce, Crafts and Hearth Wisdom somewhat com-
mon to walkers upon the road.

Inthe matter of Backgrounds, Disciplines and clans,
a somewhat more involved discussion is warranted,

Backgrounds

It is difficult at best to define what Backgrounds a
Prodigal should have, but a few stand out as particularly
ideal for the walker upon the Road of Humanity. Allies,
Contacts, Herd and Influence are probably the four
pillars on which the interactions of adherents to the Via
Humanitatis stand. While any Backgrounds are, natu
rally, valuable and to be esteemed, these four are so
integral to the nightly existence of Prodigals as to
warrant a more detailed look at each of them with
respect to those who walk the Road of Humanity.

a lh GOR sa

*-ROADOFPHUMANITY

—


Allies

Among the roads, the ability to actually make
mortal friends without the need for any kind of ulterior
motive is more or less unique to the Via Humanitatis.
Other vampires automatically filter their interactions
with the world of the kine through whatever alien lens
their road demands; despite what many Cainites might
think, most mortals aren't completely oblivious to the
fact that they're being used. The end result of this is that
the Allies of a Prodigal are more likely to actually care
about their vampiric associate (whether or not they
know the truth of the Cainite'sstate). Asanyone can tell
you, people do a lot more for someone they care about
than for someone occasionally useful to them

Of course, Prodigals are themselv

2s apt to go out of
their way for

lies, seeing them not only as precious
resources, but treasured associates and even, in time,
valued friends. Through normal and healthy interac-
tions with mortal Allies, a Prodigal can reaffirm her faith
inthe Road of Humanity, gaining more than merely her
practical and temporal needs from their relationship.

Contacts

While Scions may wish to makeconnectionsamong
princes and archbishops and Sinners seek their infor-
mantsamong whores, cutpursesand heretics, the Prodigal,
owing to his facility with interactions among the kine, is

pable of finding Contacts literally anywhere, in any
stratum of mortal society. As those Cainites most apt to
interact freely with just about anyone, Prodigals find
themselves with access to some of the broadest bases of
information and rumors to draw from in time of need.
all, to be
well received by casual acquaintances. Walkers upon
other roads can and do take the time to ov

Prodigals are the Cainites likeliest, ove

ercome the
natural aversion or deference most kine feel toward
them (through the manifestations of their auras) in
order to form a relatively close and meaningful bond on
apersonal level; but few possess the same interpersonal
adroitness with which the average Prodigal forms mor
distant and practical relationships. The Prodigal aura of
normalcy gives them an edge in such dealings, since such
Cainites do not have to deal quite as extensively and on
such friendly and familiar terms with kine in order to
have useful interactions with them.

Herd

Thismay well be the most important Background for
aProdigal to cultivate. Having a bevy of willing vessels
cantruly make the diffe between sanity and the all-
Consuming madness of the Beast, as the vampire's sense
of guilt and remorse at stealing the life from unwilling
victims overwhelms her completely. While the willing
submission of his vessels to the Cainite'

nce

Kissisnotacure

FOS
fem
ete

+ CHAPTER THREE +

for the shame that the a

tivity can engender in a good
Prodigal, it is certain

a balm for such feelings.

Prodigals who cannot or will not, for whatever
reason, cultivate a herd often find themselves feeding
from animals or the recently deceased, or else using
Disciplines to sample carefully from gullible or sleeping
vessels. Some unfortunate few must make do with at-
tempting to reconcile their beliefs with the necessity of
a profound nightly sin against them, often by drinking
from unrepentant criminals and other de
the common good.

G

the social unit (beyond purely mercenary inter

actors from

POoOLeD BACKGROUNDS
iven their sense of the nuances of acom
munity and their customary respect for

est, that is), Prodigals often make wonderful
overseers for Background pools, managing the

shared resources ofa coterie with a simple dedica

tion and attention to detail that walkers upon
other roads may not deign to devote to such
concerns. Also, while no self-respecting Cainite
is apt to blindly trust another not to seek advan.
tage to her own detriment, many are inclined to
see Prodigals as the most trustworthy vipers in the
nest, acceptable compromise candidates in the
matter of managing common assets. Certainly,
while the Faithful does not want the Sinner
working closely with her Contacts and the Feral
would not countenance the thought of the Scion
breaking his Retainers to the leash, virtually ev-
eryone can agree that the Prodigal will not commit
acts with their Backgrounds that offend against
their respective sensibilities

For their own part, most Prodigals are happy
enough to be perceived as mostly harmless func
tionaries, given leave to coordinate the disparate
mundane resources of the coterie, since they so
obviously would never abuse that trust for per
sonal gain. And, for the most part, they do act as
other Cainites expect in this regard, caring for the
Backgrounds of their compatriots with a natural
facility. They are kindly and deferential toward
the Faithful's Contacts, act as a sympathetic ear
for the Sinner's Allies, work to mitigate the ef-
fects of the bestial menace exuded by the Feral
toward his Retainers and minister to the bruised
egos that result when Scion indelicately mani
fests his Influence. In many cases, the people who
comprise these Back:
the Prodi

vunds often come to see
1

gal in a more favorable light than they
do those whose Backgrounds they rightfully are
There is, it seems, something to be said for findit
advantage in a meek and humble demeanor


Tufluence

While each road of Caine has its own particular
special field of influence, the Road of Humanity en-
dorses the idea of finding advantage and belonging
among them all. Certainly, it can be highly useful to
have friends in the Royal Court of France or among the
clergymen of Rome, but so too is it favorable to have
connections among the beggars of London, the olive
farmers of al-Andalus or the sailors who put into port at
Alexandria. In many ways, adherents to other roads
often blind themselves to the potential value of having
a voice among those kine who are not central to their
road's interests. Thus, while it is rare for a Scion to be
well-respected by the residents of a leper colony, a Feral
to be able to make his wishes known among the prince's
retainers or a Faithful to have any sway over a city's
prostitutes, a Prodigal may well find himself in high
regard in any of these circles and more.

Clans

Cainites from every clan can be found upon the
Road of Humanity, from the savage Gangrel to the regal
Ventrue to the twisted and deformed Nosferatu. All of
the bloodlines (save perhaps for the debased Baali)
number at least a few adherents to the road among their
ranks. Members of some clans, however, are much more
likely to walk the Via Humanitatis than others

Among the High Clans, Cainites of the Brujah and
Toreador clans constitute the clear majority of Prodi-
gals, with members of the Ventrue clan constituting a
respectable minority behind that, and the remaining
three High Clans having but a smattering of Prodig:
each (somewhat more in the case of the Lasombra clan
than among either the Cappadocians or the Tzimisce).
The reasons for this are many, but, primarily it is because
much of the self-proclaimed "nobility of the night" finds
acting in a human fashion to be a base and unworthy
journey through existence.

Members of Low Clans are found somewhat more
often upon the Road of Humanity. Though these clans
have traditions of their own, as ancient and in many
cases gloriousas those of the High Clans, theirsomewhat

less regimented approach to unlife means that more self-
taught Cainites (with respect to the roads of Caine) are
tobe foundamong them. As the Road of the Beast makes
fora frightfully counterintuitive path for many, the Road
of Humanity often becomes something of a "default" for
these Cainites. The Assamitesand Tremere countamong
theirranks the greatest number of Prodigals; it isa matter
of training for most Assamite Prodigals, and simple
ignorance of other options in the case of most of the
Tremere upon the road. Followers of Set, Gangrel and
Nosferatu often shun the Via Humanitatis, but certainly
more Cainites of these clans are to be found upon the

road than Cappadocian and Tzimisce Prodigals.
Malkavians and Ravnos are sometimes drawn to the

road, though, given the natures of these two clans, itis

not often worth the effort of trying to discern why.

Disciplines

Hand-in-hand with the issue of a potential Prodigal's
clan is the matter of Disciplines. Some are much more.
appropriate than others, though none are particularly
well respected by adherents to the road. One does not
accurately emulate mortal humans through the use of
supernatural powers unavailable to them,

In general, Auspex, Obfuscate and Presence are
probably the most useful Disciplines fora Prodigal, though
most mentors upon the Road of Humanity caution their
students not to become reliant on them to even the same
degree to which most other Cainites do. It is easy to detect
amerchant's lie when you can hear his heart hammering
away in his ribcage and smell the sweat moistening his
palms, but this kind of reinforcement creates a tendency
toward reliance on inhuman capabilities. Still, being able
to blend into a crowd (looking like the locals, for in-
potential
vessel to accompany the Cainite to her bedroom (fora

stance), detect the moods ofothersorconvinced

more merciful prelude to feeding than a whack on the
head in a dark alley) is a boon to the Prodigal.
Conversely, some Disciplines are seemingly, bi
their very nature, inimical to the tenets of the Road of
Humanity. Some, such as the physical Disciplines (Ce-
lerity, Fortitude and Potence) are so because they allow
the Prodigal to become easily distanced from the normal
physical limitations of kine, and so begin to lose that
critical sense of empathy with them. This may seem far-
fetched to a neonate who is buta little stronger or faster
than an ordinary man, but for elder Prodigals who can
punch unhindered through castle walls and sustain
ballista bolts to the torso without harm, the threat of
emotional distance from humanity becomes very real,
Other Disciplines, such as Chimerstry, Dementation,
Obtenebration or Vicissitude, threaten the Prodigal's
sense of humanity by forcing her to manipulate the
world in obviously inhuman (and often inhumane)
fashions. Still others, like Mortis and Quietus, encour
age her to dwell upon death above her contemplation of
life, and thereby can lead her into degeneration.
Ultimately, with each use of any Discipline, from
Auspex to Dominate to even Vicissitude, the Prodigal
must weigh the possible consequences of her actions
(including moral laxity upon the road) against the
potential good she could do. While it is by no means
noble to use Dominate to force a mortal to offer up his
blood and then erase his memory of the act afterward, it
is much more commendable, according to the tenets of
the Via Humanitatis, to do so in preference to simply
seizing him roughly and draining him dry so that he will


not reveal the vampire's existence. Prodigal unlife often
offers the choice of two evils, and in the case of Disci-
plines as with all other such choices, the individual
walking upon the road is admonished to pick the lesser
of them.

Prodigal Breludes

As Prodigals are taken from all walks of life, it is
impossible to say more than few generalities about the
Embrace and training (or lack of the latter) that goes
into making the Cainite who she will be when she joins
her coterie.

* Remorse: Perhaps the most important initial,
defining feature of the Prodigal, remorse is what sepa-
fates socially responsible individuals from those who are
simply selfish and amoral. While the Prodigal may, at
first, revel in the power and privilege of his new exist-
ence, he rapidly comes to understand that the terrible
price of it (the loss of the sun, the necessity of preying
upon human beings and the knowledge that he will
watch everyone he loves grow old and die, for example)
May not really be worth what he gains. He is not likely
tocome to the conclusion that these things are truly not
worth what he has given up for them (else he would be
tempted to end his unlife in haste), but the question
should, at |

Remorse extends to more than self-pity, however.
The young Prodigal, whether he comes to the road on
account of tutelage or his own nature, should also feel
regret that stems from a sense of sincere empathy for the
suffering he must cause to others. Each road of Caine has
itsown negative reinforcement (personal psychological
punishment for violating its ethics); the punishment of
Via Humanitatis is feeling regret for sinning against one's
neighbor. Ifa vampire cannot grasp the notion of having
Temorse for wronging another, then he cannot walk this
toad. It is that simple.

* Normalcy: While Cainites setting out upon other
toads embrace those things that set them apart from the
lives they once knew, aspiring Prodigals must turn back

t sometimes, be there.

to those familiar memories, seeking to rediscover their
humanselvesasa way of standing in opposition to brutal,
terrible urges that command them to abandon basic
Civility in favor of abject, mindless barbarism. Cainites
Wishing to find themselves upon the Road of Humanity
look to normalcy as a means of staving off madness,
gathering spiritual strength in what made them who
they were as opposed to what they now are.

The young Prodigal may thrill to her new abilities,
butshe is often also somewhat afraid of them, since they
yery blatantly pull her away from those things that
femind her of her own essential humanity. She has gifts
thatno mortal possesses, and that thought isas terrifying

as it can be liberating. Given the choice between the
two, the Prodigal often chooses to eschew the extraordi-
nary and mysterious in favor of the ordinary and known.
This does not, however, make Prodigals cowardly; it is
simply a manifestation of their desire to retain what they
might of the people they used to be.

Reason: The Prodigal, even in his earliest nights,
embraces logic and the rational mind as a bulwark
against the assaults of the Beast's madness. He does not
give in to its savage insistence without a fight, and
endeavors, as the legacy of his human heritage, to assert
self-control through the application of reason. This is
not the heartless reason of the average Fiend or
Graverobber, however, but instead the firm conviction
that the human right to self-determination through
sane, rational choice must not be overcome through the
brutish forcefulness of inarticulate rage, jealousy, fear
and hate.

In formally taught Prodigals, reason is probably the
most stressed aspect of training, for it is the one over
which the higher mind has the greatest control. While
one can strive for normalcy, such is not guaranteed to
anyone, Prodigal or otherwise. Likewise, at times it is
hard to feel compassion toward another or remorse for a
wrong dealt to her. Reason, on the other hand, is the
constant companion of the educated mind.

© Compas

ion: The ideal of compassion is probably
more important to Prodigals in the long term than

remorse. Even the morally and spiritually weak can weep
for those wrongs they have inflicted upon others; it takes
true strength of character to resist the temptation to do
wrong in the first place through empathy with others
and a fundamental love of one's fellows. Compassion
teaches the fledgling Prodigal what not to do. Whether
thissense of compassion isa purely intellectual construct
(as is the case with the formally educated on the road),
or a genuine and instinctive concern for others (as is
more often so with theself-taught), itis thiskind of social
and individual conscience that defines the Road of
Humanity and imparts to its adherents a sense of right
and wrong.

Compassion, more than any one other thing, en-
ables the Prodigal to remain upon her road. While it is
often remorse that first draws a fledgling Prodigal to the
Via Humanitatis, itis usually compassion that defineshow
she will walk that road. Put simply, remorse typically
illustrates the way to the road, while compassion points
out its outer boundaries. If the seed of compassion is not
at least latently present in the would-be Prodigal, then
her journey is doomed to failure. Ultimately, it is genu-
ine empathy for others that most thoroughly foils the
wiles of the Beast, defeats it and confines it.


The Prodigal in a Coterie

The Ventrue on the Road of Kings wants to rule,
while the Lasombra on the Road of Heaven wishes to
serve her God, and the Gangrel on the Road of the Beast
seeks to hunt, feed and defend what is his. Where does
all of this leave the Prodigal? Unfortunately, the answer
is not alw At the very least, it must vary from

ys easy

coterie to coterie. A few constants do emerge, however.

First and foremost, the Prodigal acts as a voice of
civic responsibility in the coterie. The Scion may know
what is good for the throne and the Faithful may hayean'
ats the Willof
rodigal who devotes herself to
knowing what impacts the community

eye on what best (to his thinking) repre
God, but it is the
and how

Also, the Prodigal often ends up as the talented

neralist of the coterie. If a horribly corrupt mortal

Propicat Ways

ome things tokeep in mind when playing
~J a walker upon the Via Humanitatis:

¢ The Road of Humanity is not inherently
religious. More that anything else, the Via
Humanitatis is about upholding the social contract.
Though the articulation of such a concept in the
way in which we know it today is centuries in the
future, it is very obvious, mechanically speaking,
that the road has nothing inherently to do with
God (by whatever name). Instead, it provides a
perspective on crimes against a functional society
of self-aware creatures and the means by which
That said, however,
piety is very common in the Dark Medieval, and
many Prodigals are religious Cainites. They simply

such crimes are prevented

choose tosee their relationship with the Divine not
as individuals specially cursed or chosen, but in-
stead as normal people doing the best they can

¢ The Road of Humanity is an idealized view of
how people "should" be. The Road of Humanity
takes a stricter stance on what is and is not "accept-
able" behavior than almost any normal person could
realistically live up to. It is, like any engineered
morality, an artificial construct, designed to tightly
leash the Beast, in this case through an absolute
denial of its lusts. In the Dark Medieval (as in all eras),
people are generally far too covetous, selfish and
inconsiderate to live up to a code as unbendingas the
Via Humanitatis, but Prodigals are not trying to be
exactly like other people; they are using a particular
ethical mindset to stave off the depredations of the
Beast through emulation ofan ideal. Kinedonothave
to deal with constant psychic battery caused by their
inner torment and unbridled gluttony given some-
thingapproaching independent will anda forcefulness
far beyond that which even the most temperamental
or self-indulgent mortal can understand

¢ The Road of Humanity is about control. The
Via Humanitatis is not about instinct, sin, self-fulfill
ment orany othersuch notion. It isalsonotabout being
a nice person, though the means through which it
creates control often causes the most dedicated adher-
ents to the road to appear that way. Looking at the

on

pana A
2 =.
SF

oF

=

ett

SS

eh lh GO
+-ROAD OF HUMANITY -

murder of Abel by Caine, one can say that the
fundamental ethic of the Road of Sin is what moved
him to strike down his brother out of jealousy, the
Road of Kings is what caused him to challenge the
Creator, the Road of the Beast is what gave his wrath
an outlet and the Road of Heaven is what should have
made him realize that whathe was doing wasasin. The
Road of Humanity is the part of Caine that should
have made him stay his hand because it is socially
inesponsible to kill another human being. Propound-
ing the Via Humanitatis is an effort to create a world in
which the temptation to yield to the Beast is mini-
mized to the point of negligibility. Prodigals do not try
to accept the Beast or reconcile with it; they are
attempting to thwart its influence and render it pow-
erless to strip them of their self-control

* Prodigals must fight to be "good people," but
do not always
sadistic, murdering rapist and not lose himself to his

succeed. A mortal man can be a

bestial urges in a way that robs him of his sentience
Others may call such a person an "animal," but that is
an inaccurate statement. Animals are not wantonly
cruel. A Prodigal, despite the fact that such behavior
ishumanly possible, cannot afford to indulge in those
sorts of activities. Remember, the Via Humanitatis is
notabouthow peopleare or what sorts of thoughtsand
actions are possible for humans, but instead how
people would act if they were trying to shut out all the
desires that make them trespass against their fellow
men. That said, Prodigals, unlike the followers of
virtually all other roads, start out with a strike against
them: They are forced to commit offenses against
their moral code just to acquire sustenance. Even
feeding from a willing mortal or a vicious criminal is
a violation. Prodigals are, in many ways, the most
constantly tested of all of their kind, for their morality
proscribes against the very acts that make a Cainite,
aCainite. Surrounded by temptation on all sides, they
cannot help but to stumble more often than most
other immortals. Conversely, however, they also ex
perience many more opportunities for moments of
truth through the course of their night-to-night exist-
ences (see p. 63).

we


nobleman must be approached with obeisance and
humility, and yet none of his advances or offers can be
accepted, no other road is inherently very well suited to
this purpose. A Scion would sooner meet her Final
Death than kneel before the unworthy and a Sinner
would be sorely pressed not to take whatever such a man
might offer. Best not to think of what the average Feral
might do to the man. Someone has to be able to under-
take these duties that normal people could without
inherent moral quandary. As all other roads are funda-
mentally more distant from normal human value systems,
they place strange limitations on the ways in which the
Cainites who walk them can freely interact with the
world around them.

The Brovigal Character

What makes a Prodigal who he is?

The Prodigal is primarily defined by the resolve not
toallow his actions or omissions to cause undue harm to
the world around him and (more importantly) the
people, Cainite and kine alike, in it. Of course, this is a
hard path to walk, for most Cainite moralities make
allowances for the violations of others inherent in the
nightly existence of the vampire. Not so with the Road
of Humanity. From its loftiest eth-
ics to its most central, the Via
Humanitatis would seem to,
of its very nature, cripple a
Prodigal with inaction. It is
time to dispel this myth.

The War o
Bins i

This epic battle of
Methuselahs, some-
times fought on the
battlefield, just as of-
fen fought with
politics and favors,
dominates Cainite
society in the Dark
Medieval. Even
those who choose no
side in this titanic
clash of egos are ef-
fectively considered
to have adopted a
stance in the war.

By default, just

beinga Cainite in this age makes one a participant in the
War of Princes which, unlike the War of Ages, often has
occasion to be fought in a very physical fashion. But
mere slaughter in the name of one's liege isn't the sum
total of the War of Princes. Assassinations, assaults upon
property and chattels (including ghouls, members of
herds and other mortal connections), theft, slander and
many other violations besides are worked in the names
of the Cainite monarchs. But where do Prodigals fit into
this equation?

Many refuse to participate in the war, reasoning that
ifsuch brands them dissidents, then so be it. Itisa popular
stance among Prodigals, a good number of whom believe
that no good can come of this (largely needless, they
reason) conflict over resources. After all, Cainite law
and history would seem to dictate that noone ruler of the
vampiric world will or even can emerge triumphant. It
is the lesson of Caine and the First City, and it was
learned at great pain and cost in ancient days. To cast
thatknowledge away would be folly, and isnothing more
than arrogance on the part of short-sighted rulers who
should know better.

Some Prodigals choose to involve themselves in the
War of Princes by taking just the opposite stance; they

stand up and claim fiefdoms of their own, in order to
seea responsible and acceptable style of governance
emerge in at least a few corners of the Dark
Medieval night. No Prodigal princes are
so foolish as to believe that they can
command the fealty of numbers
such as thos:

sworn in ser-
vice to, say, Hardestadt or
Montano, but they do
believe that they are
capable of carving

out their own

niches and e
\ tablishing
\ some:
thing
friendly to
their own
way of e9

istence.


62

WEEPING FOR SETH
P layers often see Prodigals as the spiri

tually weakest and most squeamish of
Cainites. They alone lamentsome of the most basic
necessities of vampiric existence, like feeding on
the living and manipulating the lives of others for
personal protection and gain. Some would go so far
as to consider the Road of Humanity more or less
untenable, in the face of other, more morally effi-
cient, roads. While this is not true, there are times
when the "ethical leeway" offered by other roads
isn't going to cut it for the Prodigal. Sure, it's much
easier to murder that nosy shipwright (who is only
interested in finding out what happened to his
daughter), but the Prodigal won't stand for it
Times arise when it seems that the Prodigal's
moral aspirations paralyze her and render her inca-
pable of taking actions that would be more effective
and advantageous. As. it has been observed, how-
ever, when we cannot do as we will, we do as we
must. Sometimes, this means entering intoa time of
ethical quandary and doubt, but these are the kinds
of dilemmas on which great stories are built. Fur
ther, the clever Prodigal can almost always find a
way to turn others to her way of thinking. Ask the
Feral if that priest absolutely mustdie orif there isany
better way. (Otherwise, would that not constitute
the "needless cruelty" shunned by his road?) Like-
wise, the Sinner may believe that he has to start a
in order to drive them out
that he might use the opportunity to expand his

fire in the leper quarte!

domain, but a far-thinking Prodigal can illustrate to
him the ways in which such an act, ultimately, goes
against his best interests (thus compromising his
adherence to the Via Peceati). Further, if she can
find no way in which the act violates his code of
conduct, she pulls what strings she possesses and
makes it so

Prodigals are, in a very real way, the social
conscience of the Cainite world. Without them, it
is doubtful that there could be any level on which
vampires and kine could coexist. They act to tem
perthe most extreme excesses of walkers upon other
roads; sometimes, that requires being the sole voice
of protest against what, other than a casual atrocity
or two, seems like a perfectly reasonable plan.

No small number of Prodigals simply accept a sta-
tion as subjects to powerful Scions (or, more rarely,
walkers upon other roads) in the War of Princes. They
gravitate toward whatever tasks best suit them, and serve
with as much distinction (or apathy, in some cases) as
they can muster. It is not a glorious way to partake in the

a a
eb be Ee Se

i ww SH

yp

-ROAD:OP HUM

War of Princes, but those who seek such accolades aré
advised to seek truth by avenues other than the Via

Humanitatis.

The Most Difficult Ts sue

Feeding.

It is, viewed in almost any light, a trespass against
another living being. Undertaken with the aid of mind
altering vampiric Disciplines or perpetrated upon
members of a willing herd, it is still a theft of life bya
parasitic being. How, then, do Prodigals manage to
acquire their "daily bread" without a swift and inexo-
rable slide into degeneration and madness?

Sadly, no hard-and-fast answers to this question
present themselves, because so much of any acceptable
answer must be tied up in the psychology of the indie
vidual Prodigal. Strictly speaking, willingly biting into
the flesh of another person and extracting blood i§
"planned violation of another," a serious sin on the Road
of Humanity. Feeding, however, is an absolute require:
ment. And, just as human beings do as they must when'
push comes to shove, so too does the Prodigal bow to
necessity and find a way to continue to exist while
upholding her beliefs.

As noted above, many Prodigals seek to cultivatea'
herd early in their unlives. While nothing about a
vessel's willingness to be fed upon makes the act of
feeding any more morally correct, it does help to assuage
the guilt that is otherwise present when dragging aml
unwilling victim, kicking and screaming, into the dark
and drinking her dry. Indeed, Prodigal sires who passthe
road's tenets on to their childer are often given t
imparting some fraction of their own herds to those
neonates, in order to give them (after the fashion of
mortal parents) some small resources to start out with:
For those unfortunates who, for whatever reason, lack
recourse to a herd, a few other options exist.

Naturally, the stereotype of the penitent Prodigal
skulking the alleys and filthy corners of a dingy cityy
clutching rats and the mean beasts of the Earth to his
quivering lips for sustenance had to begin somewhere
Though rarely are such well-meaning Cainites success
ful in their self-imposed injunction against drinking the
lives of kine, a scant few do manage to get by (it would
be highly inaccurate tosay "thrive") on such meagerfargy
Generally, these sorts must remove themselves to places
far from the Children of Seth, for the very sight of@
mortal man could well induce frenzy in a Cainite who
has long subsisted upon nothing but the thin vitae df
animals.

Some Prodigals content themselves with slaking
their thirst upon only those members of society whoaté
actively detrimental to its healthy course, such as mur
derers, thieves and rapists. While it is certainly not right

= -
lhe SS aaa,
NITY: = <=


Cry Hi

6 he War of Princes is fought upon many
battlefields: the high court; the shadowed
corridor; in the hearts of disloyal ghouls and servants;

and, indeed, upon the literal battlefield. Of course,
just through the normal process of engaging in the so-
called "sport of kings,"

numerous sins against his code, some of them quite

1 Prodigal is apt to commit

serious. Surely, though, Prodigals do notacquitthem:
selves as cowards when the time comes to make a
stand in this Cainite world at war?

The answer is not an easy one. Given.a com-
mand by a prince to lay siege to another prince's
holdings, the average Prodigal would have to won
der why. If the reason is simple greed, then he
would be apt to turn down the request (whether or
not it was phrased as a request). Prodigals do not

engage in slaughter for the sake of their own
warice; why would they do so to satisfy another's?
If, on the other hand, it was in order to "liberate'
(for whatever dubious reasons) an area from the
yoke of a vicious and tyrannical Gainite ruler (orat
least one markedly worse that the Prodigal's own),
then the matter becomes the common quandary of
choosing the lesser evil. This is also the case if the
Prodigal's domain (or a worthy ruler's) is attacked
from without

Prodigals are not cowards (no more so than the
adherents to any other road, at any rate). They have

tofeed upon any person, no matter how abhorrent, there
issomething to be said for temporarily incapacitating (or
éven permanently removing) such unpleasant sorts. Just
as the Road of Humanity advocates a sense of moral
Restraint in the individual Cainite, it is to be expected
that the individual Prodigal will do her part to lessen the
hold of evil men (who pervert the values of society to
their own ends or else violate them completely) over
Civilization. Sometimes, that takes the form of undercut-
tingtheirefforts through the use careful use of connections
and social savvy, while at other times it consists of
nothing more complicated than leaving them too wee
éned and faint to rise from bed for a week — or if their
Offenses are particularly dire, ever again.

Moments of Truth

Like adherents to all other Cainite roads, walkers
upon the Road of Humanity sometimes find themselves
Within a moment of truth, made to choose between the
Principles espoused by that road and moral failure.
Sometimes, these moments arise due to a failing of the
Giinite in question (such as a grievous sin against the

's beliefs), and sometimes on account of a profound

See
—,

i ®,

+ CHAPTER: THREE +

AVOC!

their own fighting order, the True Knights of the Order
of the Setting Sun, dedicated to combating the most
heinous and monstrous of Cainites, the Soulless. They
stand up for peaceable solutions when others clamor for
war, no matter how unpopular the sentiment. They
refuse to support an unjust leader, no matter her meth

ods of "persuasion." They advocate reasonable and

responsible action when others clamor for swift and
expedient responses of the most brutal and inhumane
variety. This is not the case with all Prodigals; some are
truly are cowards, but they are the exception, rather
than the rule

Few self-respecting Prodigals would engage in
many of the most loathsome aspects of Cainite war
fare; smearing pestilent feces in well buckets, firing
plague-laden corpses from catapults, using the powers
of their Disciplines to fake "visions of Hell" that set
brother upon brother, or any of the other low and
contemptible staples of vampiric battle strategy. Such
acts, by their nature, run counter to the ethics es

poused by the Road of Humanity. Instead, look to
Prodigals to stand valiantly beside mortal troops upon
the field of battle, seeking to save what lives they may;
ind to provide voices of reason in the courtrooms of
great lords and ladies among the Cainites, trying to
prevent the need for bloodshed in the first place. It is
neither the most glorious path to walk, nor the most
popular, but the right thing to do rarely is.

revelation or a particularly notable ethical accomplish-
ment (upholding the Road of Humanity despite dire risk
and grave personal harm, for example).
Reason Versus Passion

Reason and the higher passions (those which cry
1) are
the distinguishing features that make human beings
distinct from animals. A beast can apply a very limited
sense of logic to a problem (such as when a bear pushes
in a door to get at the food beyond it), and can feel
emotionssuch as rage and the need to mate; but it cannot

out for things other than the basic needs of surviv

reason or feel emotions such as courtly love or genuine
remorse. Within the Cainite, however, these two equally
compelling concepts are set at war with one another, to
the ultimate gain of the Beast.

Each road advocates its own method of dealing with
this phenomenon. The Via Humanitatis, for its own part,
counsels a wary embrace of higher passion, fettered by the
application of reason. In effect, the Prodigal does not seek
to shut out his emotions, but he does want to keep them
from spilling over and giving the Beast leave to assert
command over him. Prodigals, in terms of their interac-

Soo

<n,


tions with others, often come off as reserved and hesitant.
This isnot because they are, asa whole, indecisive orslow-
witted, but instead because they carefully consider the
consequences, both internal and external, of their actions
before committing to a given course.

Thus, for the Prodigal, the moment of truth illus-
trates the temperance of passion by reason, with both
applied to the greater goal of reaffirming the Cainite's
place as a creature of the world, a part of society and a
being worthy of redemption. Sometimes, this comes by
means of an uplifting experience, but it just as often
realized through a failing that the vampire learns to
transcend. Sometimes, it is as simple as learning to
forgive oneself for a sin or earning the forgiveness of
others. Ultimately, all such revelations serve to bring the
Cainite closer to a healthy human psychology and deny
the Beast in every way.

The Prodigal Prince

While uncommon, itdoeshappen that a walker upon
the Road of Humanity ends up ina position of rule among
her fellow Cainites. While some think that this is perhaps
a violation of the spirit of the road, most Prodigal leaders
are hasty to point out that this is most certainly not the
case. A wide variety of reasons exist for one upon this road
towish to take charge. Adherence to the Road of Human-
ity does not excise ambition, and there are certainly those

Prodigals who would seek the mantle of a Cainite prince
in order to satisfy their egos. Others find themselves
guided by circumstance or thrust by necessity into pos
tions of control, whether they wish it or not. Some want
todepose an unjust leader or give order toachaoticregion.
A Prodigal might rule for many reasons and they go about
such an endeavor in several ways.

Governance without Rule

This is perhaps the most quintessentially Prodigalof
the approaches to leadership. Governing by example,
the Cainite establishes a sense of community and pros
perity, and helps his fellows to thrive under his direction.
While he enforces the Traditions of Caine as a ruler (if
he does not, he will rapidly find himself deposed, after

all), his objective is to create a vampiric state in which
all of his subjects have the sense of responsibility and
accountability necessary to police their own actions,
Particularly inspiring Prodigals are even sometimes

pable of moving their followers to do so. Often, such
Prodigals control their fiefs more out of necessity than
any real desire, imposing order because no one else will
or can do so.

Executed well, this approach leaves no one ina
position to argue the effectiveness and fairness of the
Cainite's governance. Who, after all, wants to see a just
leader, content to allow his subjects to conduct them

he he

DOFHUMANITY - ar fe


SURI SI UTI s[Nos snoyaA0D AyN.A OM} JO BuO
Aq PeHeaqns aq 0] 39URWIBA08 UOUIUIC 39 JO wayshs peuon
-UAIUl-[]9M ISOU IYI JOJ BAIT] saye!I 31 Jey UsAoid sey
Agoasty JO} ‘suazIN19 UMO $3] Jo SURI ay UTA uoniquie
Joy perououl aq ose asnul 93e3s aque) onedoulap q
-pjhom aup "zaypany "Aayenba jo suoisuayaid yons ysenb 0}
sIayUIP pepurw-ayq] wai aypasoy pueg Ajiddey pynom
TRAsIpay EC] ayp Jo |Namod Ajyeontjod ysow ay ay
Ajqenaze ‘speo ow asatp uodn siayyem Aue pue ‘(pos
Aq poutepio are sigjnd JejNsurs Yyorya ur) Japso yemeu
tp jo suoisiaasad se saloeisowlap asidsap s8ury jo pue
UdAPO}L jo speoy oy oO squataype Auew "Ayyemeny
"3saq 2e YMYIp sta Wey
asnf ‘(andwig uewoy AjoP] WueUAaD ay Ul areas jeu
-loag oy JO UOHeULIOJaI aU] Ie SLIOYa SuIpaarons A|MO]s
seisequy el[n{ ssauyim) ajqeureneun st uoIstA B Yons
qeyp Avs 0} Jou st sty] "Aransoseuap & OUT AdeiD0WIap
ay suojsuedy Ajjenuassa usu ‘ung ul "yoryay ‘BunoA
-0]q 10} SyuIod SutAq]eI se aasas OYA sIapea] oneuisiey>
jo aouasoid oy anoyyWM. Japio ywoys ul sonyod yeusequr ur
umop paadoq Apyoinb auodaq sarseID0ULAp and] ,"230/,
BUG ‘PITUTED aUO,, Jo daouod at ur JuaJaYyuT sus]qGord
9Up JO ]]2 adpaymouy}oe 03 BunT]IM 9q Ospe asnut ADeID0Wp
B jo YsnoYy UTEJZAIUA Pjnom OYM UO ‘asINOD JO
(saoejd pure sou asoyy
UT! 9UPY aU Jo saiMIoNNYs [e190s Surreaaad ayy woy djay
]]ewWs ou Yat) sppzUDUN}] VLA BUA JO s}aUa} BY Paytpoo
qsiy Aaya urequTeW Ady UloIDYyM sUOHeZIAID JUaTDUe
ou jo sjeopt up ov ypeq syrey, I 0UuIs "UOTIDR JO asINOD
Sty) preMmoi pauyput-]jom Ayrepnoned aye suey Yysipy
au JO spediporg *(yoq ‘ased ysaq ay UT ‘IO) sjesiporg
[hlamod A[surpasoxe oma 10 9U0 ysea] 1 are aay AIOYM
Jo ‘(peos ajsurs ayo Aue utp AqruewIN}] Jo peoy ayp
Woy uoNEIUeseidal sou YIM Ajqesajaid) sje8ipoig jo
Jequinu 9]qesapisuod e un SaTBIO] ul Usayevepun 4soq
st (Jedoid apna jo warsts & Ayjear 10u) uoNdo sty]

fivaromag

"WOIXe sty} 0) UOTIdadxe OU are
Si9]MU ayure> pur "ulssesse Joy pure JaaseuAds Jay spaau
dg]M1 poos Alsaq ‘uoUaNe sjedipoig a1 01 JANEW
up Surdulig Jaa inoyiM ‘ApueyOdun asow sdeysod
‘pue Apuaroiya ‘Apppinb syearyp yons yi Sursuadsip
JO ajgedes are oym sare pue syueaies ya saajes
way) punouns 0} ]]JaM Op sug aUTeD JeuoMIpeN
8 jo apuRW ayy dn ayer pynom oyM sjesiporg asoy |,

{uoT]eqes jo siysnoyy yons oyun apenssip 07
Japio ul Jo ajdurexa ue apeus oq osye isnut ang (spesiporg
ysour jo sada ayp ut uonsodoid ysnoua apqisuayaidar

®) Jo pasodstp aq Ayuo JOU Asnw [eNprAIput ue Yons Uaya
suaddey rey {294 st yoy yey? edIpolg ay2 Woy
aye) 07 SuIJURA INOge spIOM OU SadUTU OYA UO ‘AIMUJO
Joquad UO Jay UTYIM JOE JuUEIE] pur quarsisiod e Aq
pauaieamp si ayn say uayM Op ]estporg atp sap rey A ‘BU
Julup jo sapour Juaoyge Yons aamnbar (A]jensn) 3,uop:
Joy ay jo sreye wystu-07-3YySrU apy ‘pean 01 [eBIpaly
ay} JO} punoss snosasuep aq ued sty] ‘auIeU JBY UL
08 Op 02 SI9YIO JapIO as]2 JO ‘syse] SWIOSyALO] ayeHApUN
0} Bury] aq Ja]NI aq-pynom ay) sarinbar usyo a {9]Nl
jo wiaasis uo-spuey Aida B s] Wopeould jeuonIped |
aoe Suljssn{ Suruappew stuyp adeuewl
ued sjesiporg ajqedes pue Suruund Ajyesitjod ysoul
aup AJuo ‘aonoead uy ‘uoRenis yeapt ue st styp ‘A10atp
Uy TpeEsp Aaya woym Suowe sur, ay pue sialqns
Jay Pog jo Suiaq-]jaa ay premoi UONOAaPp Jo asuas#
{PIM Ysnf pur s1ey "10} yse 02 adoy pynoo aarute|D saypOUe
saoutid ysauy au jo auo Ajqeqoad si Aqrueuinpy Jo peoy
ay josorypa ayp Ul pajooyps-]jam aoutid Aaaes Ajjeonjod
V ‘pawioysnooe are saqured ysow YDIYA 0} JOUURUT
ayp Ul ayn JOUUeD ays AYM UOsear OU s} aIDUp ‘peol
Jay jo syauay ay} 0) sazaype [es1porg ay se BuO] OS

MOI IMIALE }VU9IPIQVAT
"pudly pay[ed-os ayy jo spuey Ssulquien ayp ul payin

‘ulssesse ot jo Jassep ayy pue Iysi] suooUr [Ny apy
Upeauad paasioy piomss soranbuosaup yiog JO} 397 ApURIS

-UOD dq ISNUI VOTYsey sIyA UT} UTEP sTY aasiaAo pjnom
OYA yesIporg Aue ‘sny J "Japea] ua}OAsuaq ke YoNs uO UN)
0} ‘aouaysixe StIdures jo .syinn ajdunis, aup o2 sjeodde
Aq ‘padeas Ajisea oq ued JeSIporg B JO |UBUIAAOS apUad
aup Jepun Jaiddey aq pynom Aaup yetp areme Ajpdapied
are oy Aueui Jo} ‘aIMeU ayTUTeD jo xopesed snound
8 stay "oyna Ue amdsul Jaypel pynom oym Aue asodap
0 paaU BUTPLAAO aUIOs [99]

pur ‘ajqiduiajuos pure yea
se ayn jo suzayshs UeLTeII]eI0-UOU predaI 0} pauoNIpUO?
are sayureg Aueyy ‘ousewap sty inoyIM pu UTYpIA
tplog woy ,‘ALoYANe,, sty 02 sasuarey pjay o2 paredaid
9q IsNU dy ‘]]9M\ SUIAAOS JeBIPoIg dup JI UDAE ‘paapuy

JO] Surassoyun ue are sandurea Joy ‘Surjquinys
INOWIA\ Os Bulop aseueU oO) TPs ey pue suasi]aqut
ap ‘Suruund ayp ssassod oym asoya Aq ATUO payyeat
3saq aul] Urtp esta] "7Yys!W UTP JayzeI asUas sUOUIIOD puR
ssoupUry YBNosLp a]NI 0} syaas OYM ayTUTED B Jo ed oy
Uo Surjre} Jo ssauyeam Aue jo ade JURApe aY23 P[NO Oya
asotp aze Aueul pur ‘sixead s jesiporg op jo Axopoyzoun
ayp Aq pazenquacse aiowl aup ]]e st ‘eAemoy ‘usisap
ap ul wey Au j]nNyyaTey Mneuey JO UOIIS Sutdsess auios
{pn posejdar aq 03 Ayuo ‘pasodap ‘suoniper aya proydn
pure rayoue suo 1dadsau Aatp se SUC] Os YstM Aatp se SaApas


PACh OR BREATH

VIA ANIMA

With a reasonably strong presence among the instinctive walkers on the Road of Humanity, the Inspired
(literally, "those who are breathed into") blur the distinction between acting human and being human,
Whaat, they reason, isthe difference between those whoare human and those who make themselves toseem
so? Is humanity found in the beating of a heart and the inevitable descent into old age and death, ori
} it something less visceral, a product of the aspirations of the spirit? Many who are human by birth, after
all, cast aside that birthright in the pursuit of cruel, selfish and unworthy ends. Likewise, those who have
been outcast from the race of Seth might, through diligent observance of the ways of man, hope to
become human in spirit once again.

The Via Anima counsels the denunciation of special Cainite practices, instead admonishing the
individual vampire to find meaning and purpose among mortal men. By doing so, the path teaches, the
Beast can be made to forget itself, to become lost in the joys of life and so lose its desire to do harm. In
this manner, the Beast is not so much defeated as it relents to simple pleasures and the basic human
longing to have a place among one's fellows. Such Cainites are known to reject the scheming and
violence endemic to their kind, favoring instead a simpler approach to existence. Such vampires take
their joy not in power, but in the laughter of children, the smell of fine foods, the very act of drawing
breath and the companionship of normal folk. To these Cainites, itis participation inhuman endeavor,
rather than conscious effort to adhere to human morality, that defines a man.

While few Inspired are so naive as to believe that simply conducting themselves as mortal men
do will eventually make them human again; they recognize the value, both personal and societal, in
acting like normal human beings. If nothing else, such conduct defies the lure of the Beast and yields
up to it no strength with which to cause the Cainite to offend against others or herself. Salvation is
not found in personal reflection or overarching social consciousness; true humanity is discovered in
{the moments when the vampire ceases to be a monster within her own mind, through whatever
means. All else is unimportant. While it is admirable to see the road clearly, so much better offis
she who can navigate the path without the need to consciously perceive it at all

Additional Ethics of Breath
* Do not shy away from human labors; therein is found the spark of life

* The Beast dwells within the lifeless heart and cannot endure those things that remind

it of human vitality
© Life is not so much a physical state as a spiritual one
Practice:

The Inspired don't generally have many special practices inherent to theit
beliefs. In fact, many maintain that actively going out of the way to establish such traditions
for the path would, in fact, run quite counter to its spirit. Instead, Inspired Cainites seek
meaning in more mundane activities: gardening, contemplative walks, keepinga
pet hound, or ordinary conversation and revelry, for example. Of course, such
practices vary from place to place, and while religious debate may be a normal
activity in the Islamic world, analyzing the intent of the Almighty isnot generally
considered seemly for most people in Europe. Thus, the individual Inspired must
judge for herself what constitutes "normal human behavior," based upon her life
experiences and the place in which she abides. Many Inspired, coming to the path
by way of instinct, never really give the matter that much thought
Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Sreath
Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale
Failure ay humar We are shaped by others' reactions to us
Shunning normal human inter The Beast cann ithin the human heart
Accidental violati Humans own responsibility for their action
Inhuman actions when unthreatened Indulge the Beast and it shall grow strong

Impassioned violation of another Men are not ruled by their darkest passions

Planned violation of another Such brutality is antithetical to humani

Casual violation of another The Beast thrills at such affirmations of death

The most heinous and dement Are you man or bea


VIA COMMUNITAS (ALSO TARIQ EL-UMMA)

A natural outgrowth of the civic consciousness espoused by the core Road of Humanity, the Path
of Community takes such a sensibility to its logical conclusion. Especially popular in places with large
populations (many cities in Muslim lands, in particular), this path teaches that the first duty of the Cainite
is not to individuals, but instead toward society as a whole as a vehicle for salvation. Often, those most
drawn to this path were deeply immersed in the community (especially the less fortunate side of the
community) in mortal life, Poor village priests and leaders among the peasantry, for example
likelier to walk the Path of Community than wealthy archbishops and rulers among men.

Known as the Tariq el-Umma in Muslim lands, the Path of Community is especially popular among
Prodigal Assamites, who usually dwell among such great numbers of kine as to make it virtually impossible
to, in good conscience, exalt the one above the many. Many Civilized, as they call themselves (in the sense
of being worthy of or part of civilization), are formally trained to the path, since it is often a counterintuitive
step for a once-human creature to look past the faces she sees before her and see the good of all those with
whom she shares a society. Still, some few do come to the Path of Community by way of intuition and
instinct, especially those who were in life regarded as pillars of the community (of whatever sort; a
particularly well-respected former member of the local leper colony is just as likely to find this path as an
influential farmer whose family has dwelt in the area for centuries)

Civilized Prodigals are usually well received by Cainite rulers, since it is well known that they do their
best to shore up the social order and to maintain peace and balance between the Cainites and kine. Of
course, tyrannical or unjust rulers like them somewhat less, knowing that the civic consciousness of such
Cainites may move them to take up arms against those who govern through fear and pain. Just as the
Civilized do not condone wickedness within themselves, so, too, do they reject the idea of bending knee
to those who harm the community in order to exalt themselves. Accordingly, the most self-indulgent of
Scions and Sinners scorn the Civilized. Likewise, many Ferals find the very idea of commitment to
civilization worthy of derision and so look with distaste upon them.

Additional Ethics of Community

© Dwell among the people and share both their levity and their sorrow, for the desire for community
is the most essentially human need.

are much

© Never abuse the trust of those among whom you dwell, for the Beast longs to turn you against those
closest to you.

© The races of Caine and Seth in their entirety are the greater community in which you exist

Practices: Older, more experienced walkers upon the Via Communitas induct those Civilized who are
trained to the path with pomp and ceremony. Such rites stress the responsibility of the new initiate to the
greater community of mankind, as well as to its microcosms; the individual human society and the Cainite
court. Such childer are taught that, by sharing one's virtues with the world, the weight of one's vices,
including the Beast, are carried by many and that all burdens are thereby made less. Civilized often donate
generously to the community, giving of time, monies and whatever else seems to be required. The path is
not really organized, though its adherents do consider themselves to be brothers and sisters with a
common responsibility toward one another. Bonds of respect, rather than authority, hold the Path of
Community together

Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control

Hicrarchy of Sins against Community
Score Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale
A ainst the greatet : sown Gente
Injury to another persor Hurting othe
Accidental violation of another Society suffers for every crime, intentional or n«

Wanton destructic Property is part of what ilization intact

Planned violation of another t him

Casual violation of another Such monstr

Ll

The most heinous and demented Act

yw

{APVER: THREE -

PACh OF ILLUMINATION

VIA LuMINIg

Despised as a possible outgrowth of the philosophies that led to the inception of the Cainite Heresy (a claim supported by little
in the way of compelling evidence), the Path of Illumination is a dualist philosophy that encourages Cainites to seek out the Bitter
Journey toward Golconda and, thereby, outgrow the bonds of the rude material world. The Illuminated, as they prefer to be called
("Blasphemers" isa favored title for them among the remainder of the Road of Humanity and its divergent paths), maintain that Caine
hever committed a sin in his murder of Abel; in fact, he coud not have, since he existed in a world without defined moral law. To their
thinking, he was punished without an understanding of the possibility of transgression, since he was given no strictures by which to live
Further, they believe that the "creator" whose agents appeared to curse the Third Mortal is a false god, and the one truly guilty ofsin.
To their eyes, cursing Caine in a manner which forced him to repeat the very crime (which he was never told was wrong until after the
fact) that resulted in the maledictions of the angels is the evil act, since the "One Above" (a villainous figure which they consider
analogous to the Demiurge) should, in theory, possess the foresight and understanding to comprehend the dire consequences of the act
unless, of course, the entity behind the Curse of Caine was neither omniscient nor what it claimed to be,

Still, the Illuminated do believe that the True God revealed Himself to Caine, offering the

unfairly persecuted Dark Wanderer a gift of hope in the form of the Bitter Journey. After all, he of
all human creatures possessed the lifespan necessary to realize the transformations of spirit that
would allow him to transcend the parameters of the material prison into which he had heen
sentenced and attain his ultimate potential. The journey toward Golconda, the pursuit of
uniquely human perfection on the part of the lone seeker, took shape that day, the only worthy
objective for the morally upright Cainite, harbinger of the Incomprehensible Divine

Additional Ethics of Illumination

* Caine alone is without sin or even the capacity for sin.
© The world of flesh is a prison, intended to ensnare the human soul (the only substance within
material reality capable of evolution to perfection) in an eternal cycle of reincamation.

* Through Golconda, Cainites transform their souls into a vessel for the perfected world
of spirit, or else become human once more and, thereby, discover the means to liberate those
souls.

the Illuminated are not faithless, just irreligious. In fact,
most of them believe that the human (and, thus, Cainite) potential for enlightenment, peace
and perfection cannot be attained through adherence to external sources of authority. To them,
to be human means to be without limitations. Further, as the Path of Illumination is, in many
ways, a solitary journey of discovery, most of the practices of the path can be undertaken in
solitude. Meditations are common, upon the nature of the Beast, the soul, the Divine and the
terrestrial. Rare gatherings of the Illuminated, on the other hand, are uncharacteristi-
cally joyous affairs. Taking comfort in the presence of their fellows, the Illuminated
putaside the heavy burden of their holy task fora time and revel in what itmeans
to belong to a brotherhood of the intellectually and spiritually liberated, Of
course, those who would judge the Illuminated poorly view these celebra-
tions as debauches, forums for all manner of devil-worship, human sacrifice
and other such foul deeds.

/ ,., Practices: Generally speaking

Virtues: Conviction, Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Tlumination
Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale
Failure to openly seek Golconda at all ¢ nu are the light of hops
\ccepting the rule of others nly through se termination shall you be free
Theft and robber ou have been liberated from material needs
Impassioned violation of another se wh re |

Planned violation of another son alone is no shiel inst the B

Casual tion of another Shed enough blood and your soul will drown in it

inous and demente betray your human potential?


PATH OR VIGOR

VIA VIREO

The Path of Vigor teaches a sense of respect for not only the ideal of Humanity, but also its nature
Rovers are drawn to the human tendency to innovate, expand its horizons and otherwise move forward,
for both good and ill. The Via Vireo is a dynamic, forceful path, not much given to introspection or
contemplation. Sometimes, this results in a sense of aimlessness, as the Rover searches for meaning and
focus; but it is, such Cainites believe, far better to be in motion than in stillness. Most walkers upon this
path come to it instinctively, though a significant minority find it through formalized teachings,
emulating Caine in his aspect as the Dark Wanderer, forever walking the Earth. This ethic extends also
into the psychology of the Rover (by whatever means she came to the path), resulting in the adoption
of trends, ideologies, fashions and other hallmarks of the healthy, vital, mortal society

Rovers come in a few different varieties. Some embrace the notion of literal movement, never long
settling ina given place and developing noattachments to people or things. Such vampiresdo well among
wandering mercenary troupes, merchant companies, Crusader bands and other groups given to long
joumeys upon distant trails. Some are inspired by intellectual motion, pushing the known and accepted
boundaries of learning (in whatever field or fields) through the use of innovative techniques and a
persistent drive toward progress. Yet others tum to matters of the soul, adopting or even cultivating new
systems of philosophical belief or religious worship, and thereby traveling in spirit. A scant few upon the
Path of Vigor accept all of these principles, ever in motion, each a microcosm of the larger motions of
mortal society as it undergoes its continual permutations and transformations.
As innovators and, sometimes, revolutionaries, Roversare sometimes poorly received, especially
byparticularly hidebound or traditionalist Cainites. Often, Cainite rulers view the coming of a Rover
asabad omen; and some simply do not allow such Cainites to remain within their domains for long,
fearing that change, the great bane of most Cainites, will ride in their wake, sweeping away the old
order and replacing it with something else. On the other hand, domains of more scientifically,
religiously or philosophically enlightened and forward-thinking Cainites are often opened,
with warmest welcome, to the dynamic and vital Rovers

Additional Ethics of Vigor

© Always remain in motion, whether physically, mentally or spiritually

© Embrace change, for it will come, regardless.

# Stagnancy begets boredom, inflexibility and cruelty; all avenues to the
Beast's control

Practices: Rovers have few formalized traditions of their own, accept
ingas they do that all things change and grow in their own time, a natural
outgrowth of the principles that guideadherentsto the Path of Vigor. Often, though, such
Cainites are to be found in the thick of kine life, enjoying the company of nomads,
free thinkers, revolutionaries, heretics,crusadersand others who, whether physically,
mentally or spiritually, are moving forward, blazing new trails for others to follow and
otherwise walking into territory yet unexplored. As many find the path on their own, there are
but few initiation rites for Rovers. Some have remarked that the surest sign that the rare, formally
tmained Rover is ready for the path comes when she looks around to realize that her mentor is
gone, leaving her to her own devices, thereafter to choose her own way and discover
forherself the many mysteries that will unfold during her long joumey in the
world

Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control

Hierarchy of Sins Against Vigor
Minimum Wrongdoing Rationale

Theft and robbery rty has a proper means of motion
Embracing permanence t ver is death
Impassioned violation of another 11 spont can take on abhorrent shapes
Planned violation of another 1 be tained to worthi¢r on
Casual violation of another h jadedness indicates a soul devoid of wonder

The most heinous and demented act I re the hallmarks of a dead and stagnant spirit

si AS RCS en a
weer G + CHAPTER: THREE +
=

*. ce hin 2 abe a

=

dda

va

=

ere eee ccomaee emere osm ce

\
}
!

4

New Discipline Techniques

Prodigals are not notorious for their rush to inno-
vate with the powers of the blood. Disciplines are well
and good, but they often serve to distance the Cainite
from her human nature and give her ready, unnatural
resources to call upon that distract her from normal,
healthy, mortal responses to situations. Still, when
vampiric powers can be turned to the end of growing
closer to humanity, in truth or simply in appearance,
orwhen keen insights into the nature of humanity can
be gleaned, Prodigals are just as eager as any other
vampires to learn and develop new abilities.

cast's Commupion

nimalism 3, Ausper 4)

Favored by the Illuminated, this ability enables
the vampire to force another Cainite's Beast to the
fore, there to share the consciousness with the higher
self, and compel it to speak through the rational
human mind in a manner comprehensible to reason-
ing beings. When occupying the consciousness with a
Cainite's reasoning mind, the Beast is givena voice by
which its otherwise alien lusts can be known. The
Beasts of different clans are, as a rule, very different in
their miens. A Ravnos' Beast is a sly, cunning thing,
while a Nosferatu's is base and wretched, anda Brujah's
brutal and proud, forexample. Whatever the Cainite's
clan, however, his Beast is compelled to speak like a
person of whatever intelligence the Cainite subjected
to this technique himself possesses.

System: Spend a point of Willpower and roll
Manipulation + Intimidation (difficulty of the subject's
Willpower). If successful, spend a blood point (which
lures out the subject's Beast). At this time, both
parties engage in an opposed Self-Control/Instinct
roll (both against a difficulty of the other's Will-
power). If the subject wins, then her Beast retreats,
knowing that something is amiss, and cannot be
ensnared for at least another full lunar month. If the
Prodigal wins, the subject's Beast is locked into his
rational mind for a number of turns equal to the
number of successes scored in the initial Manipula-
tion + Intimidation roll, incapable of freeing itselfand
retreating back into the depths of theconsciousness.
During this time, the Beast must truthfully answer any
questions put to it in a reasoning manner (though it
may bluster and seek to mislead, it cannot freely
engage in brutality or outright deception). The Beast
remembers actions undertaken during past frenzies
with absolute clarity. Likewise, it knows when outside
influences previously forced it to the fore, whether or
not the Cainite himself is aware of such. Note that,

while a Cainite may be willing to submit to the use of
this power, the Beast always attempts to resist impris-
onment within the sane mind, meaning that no
vampire can freely relent to the use of Beast's Com-
munion (in other words, all the above rollsare necessary
every time)

While a Beast is compelled to speak with reason
and intelligence, its reasons for doing what it doesare
often simplistic and monstrous. Asking a Toreador's
Beast, for example, why it slew that Cainite's loveliest
and most favored ghoul during frenzy, might result in
the answer of, "I hated her and her pretty face."
Particularly intense sessions of communion with the
Beast (a conversation which the rational mind of the
Cainite is perfectly aware of) can actually help to
bring on a moment of truth, as well as to unravel
mysteries left buried in the throes of frenzy and to
discern the motivations behind its actions. A Cainite
may not use this power upon herself.

Experience Cost: 28

MET: Intermediate Auspex, Intermediate Ani-
malism. By spending a Blood Trait and a Social Trait
and engaging the target in a Self-Control/Instinct test
(retest Intimidation), the Cainite can compel a target's
Beast to rise to the surface and answer questions ina
rational manner. This Discipline lasts for a number of
minutes equal to the user's permanent Social Traits
minus the target's Willpower (minimum one minute),
Though it should be noted that while casual brutality
is forbidden by this Discipline, it does not prevent the
target from truly frenzying during this time if suffi-
ciently provoked, nor can it halt a frenzy in progress.
As noted above, the Beast remembers all actions
taken during previous frenzies as well as any times it
was forced to the fore, and while it can bluster or
attempt to mislead an interrogator, it cannot be out'
right deceitful, though its reasons are often as simple
and monstrousas itself. It should also be noted that the
target's rational mind is perfectly aware of any conver-
sations that take place. Players are expected to roleplay
this interaction as fully as possible, taking such con-
siderations as clan, Via, Derangements and other
factors to create a compelling persona for their Beast.
A target may not relent to this Discipline's use, andan
unsuccessful use of this Discipline renders a target's
Beast immune to this Discipline fora full lunar month.
A Cainite may not use this Discipline on herself.

This Discipline may not be used on mortals,
though at the Storyteller's discretion other supernatu-
ral beings that harbor similar darker supernatural
instincts (such as older ghouls, Lupines or even cer
tain spirits) may be targeted with this Discipline. All

LOAD OF HU!


usage costs for these beings is doubled, however, and
Rage, Angst or other appropriate Traits are substi-
tuted for the Self-Control/Instinct test. Inquisitive
Cainites must also be advised that while enough
similarities might exist to allow this Discipline's use,
aLupine's animalistic Rage abides by entirely differ-
ent rules than a Cainite's Beast; and when used on
ghosts, it is often as though the Cainite is suddenly
conversing with an entirely different person....

Experience Cost: 14

ortal Skin

ominate , Obfuscate 3)

Those Cainites who master this technique need
never worry about failing to exhale a breath of steam in

the middle of winter or putting chills through a mortal's
body by laying an icy cold hand upon him. Though she
isnot naturally warm to the touch or flushed with life, for
example, mortals perceive her to be.

System: The player spends one Willpower point
to activate this power; it then remains active for the
remainder of the night unless the character wills it to
terminate (reactivating it then costs another Will-
power point). Mortals simply see all the normal signs
of life on the Cainite; though she has no pulse, a
mortal touching her wrist will feel one; and kine see on
her the healthy blush of living flesh. This power does
not conceal obviously unnatural features (such as a
Tzimisce's zulo shape or skin harder than granite) and
does not disguise the individual as anyone else; it just
makes her look and feel like a perfectly human version
of herself (or another, if she chooses to use Obfuscate
to appear as someone else). Further, this technique
¢annot conceal damage to the body (thus, if the
Cainite is walking around with a severed arm and six
crossbow bolts protruding from her stomach, this
power will not really do much for her).

Experience cost: 21

MET: Intermediate Dominate, Intermediate Ob-
fuscate. This Discipline essentially createsa continuous,

low-level illusion of human normalcy surrounding the
Cainite, fueled by subliminal suggestions created by
Dominate. Mortals swear that they see the Cainite's
breath fog during cold weather, her skin feels warm to
their touch, and even the most studious chirugeon
detects a distinct pulse upon examination. While it
can cover a certain amount of "lesser" disfigurements
(such as the blighted visage of a Nosferatu or minor
animalistic features of a Gangrel), it cannot hide
blatantly supernatural features such as wings, taloned
hands or rocklike skin, nor does it hide the effects of
damage to the body. However, even with those limi-

+ CHAPTER

tations this Discipline generally suffices to cover the
many minor yet telling details that can betray a
Cainite for what she truly is, and one never knows
when the trained eyes of the Inquisition might be
watching.

Note that as this Discipline is based partly on
Dominate, which means vampires of lower generation
automatically recognize the deception, as well as
Obfuscate, which means that otherwise vulnerable
Cainites with high enough Auspex levels (or other
supernatural beings with similarly keen senses) may
be able to see through it as well. This Discipline is
considered always active unless willingly suppressed
or grossly violated in front of witnesses (such as
walking down the street in zulo form or casually
holding one's own severed arm), at which time a
Willpower Trait is required to reactivate it. This
Discipline should be simulated with appropriate
makeup and/or description cards as much as possible.
10

Experience Cos

NewRitual
Awaken the Quiet Heart

Level-Four Mortis Ritual

This rite creates a rude mockery of human auto-
nomic function in a Cainite. The withered heart begins
to beat rhythmically, causing cold blood to flow, the
lungs inhale and exhale of their own accord and other
such nuances of mortal life reestablish themselves within
the unliving body. The vampire looks no more lifelike
than normal, but many truly inhuman Cainites are
terribly disturbed by the return of sensations and re-

sponses thought long ago abandoned.

System: The vampire must spend a half-hour
delicately and ritually extracting the heart from a
human corpse (a body in any state of decay will do, so
long as the heart is more or less intact). The Cainite
then places the heart within a circle of grave dust and
sprinkles it with a single point of his own blood; the
player rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 8). The
heart beats, holding the power of the rite fora number
of hours equal to successes rolled. In order to affect
another Cainite with the power of this ritual, the
Cappadocian must hold the heart aloft while within
plain sight of the intended subject and speak her name
three times aloud. The ritual heart ceases to function,
and the effects detailed above take hold in the tar-
geted vampire's body for a number of hours equal to
the successes rolled in the initial casting.

Cainites who adhere to a road that teaches either
Conviction or Instinct suffer a —1 dice pool penalty

VHREE


(minimum dice pool of 1) for all rolls made during the
effect's duration, while those who walk a road that
teaches both of these Virtues are down —2 dice (mini-
mum dice pool of 0) for the same amount of time. Those
who tread a road that practices both Conscience and
Self-Control are, while possibly disturbed by the ritual's
effects, mechanically unhindered. A Cainite deleteri-
ously affected by this ritual may expend a point of
Willpower at the beginning of a scene to negate the
ritual's effects upon her for the duration of that scene.
Note that Cainites upon certain roads, such as Human-
ity or the Beast (or even Metamorphosis or Bones), may
actually experience a moment of truth from the
ence of having this rite used upon them.

xperi-

This ritual has no effect when used upon any
being other than a Cainite.

MET: Intermediate Ritual. In addition to normal
ritual requirements and those specified above, this ritual
requires a Mental test (retest Occult); the difficulty of
this test is generally seven Traits, though performing it
onanotheraddsan additional Trait to this difficulty,and
the Narrator may also increase the difficulty by up to
three Traits depending on the condition of the heart
itself. A target may not relent to the use of this rite. If
successful, the ritual's effects last for a number of scenes/
hours equal to the ritualist's permanent Occult rating.
During this time, Cainites walking a road that teaches

either Conviction or Instinct are at a one-Trait penalty on
all tests due to the difficulty their inhuman mindset has
dealing with these bodily functions; Cainites on a road

that teaches both Virtues are at a two-Trait penalty. A
Willpower Trait may be spent to negate this penalty for
one scene/hour, if the target desires. Vampires that
practice both Conscience and Self-Control, while possibly
disturbed, suffer no penalties, and depending on their
own outlook might even experience a moment of truth
from their renewed sense of connection to life (though
Storytellers should take care that this ritual isnot abused
solely to gain this benefit). This ritual does not function
on non-Cainites,

Merits and Flaws

As is the case with all roads, the Via Humanitatis
offers a few unique perks and drawbacks alike to its
adherents. Most of these have to do with social inter-
actions and the ways in which the Beast is contained
or, alternately, in which it rages against reason and
seeks to have its way at all costs.

Academy Scholar (s-pt. Merit)

You belong to the Academy, the loose organiza-
tion of Prodigal scholars who exchange thoughts on

the Via Humanitatis and related matters through cor
respondence. As a result, you are connected with
some of the finest minds to be found upon the road
(perhaps even one or two elders, renowned teachersor
other such venerated figures) and can call upon them
for counsel. Naturally, you may also be asked for your
advice on affairs pertaining to the road, by both those
more and less learned in its nuances than yourself. You
are also considered to be conversant in several of the
Academy's methods of concealing the truth of its
messages (codes, hidden meanings and the like). At
your Storyteller's discretion, you may be able to cone
sidera longseries of correspondences between yourself
and a Prodigal luminary to be a moment of truth. Of
course, there are many perils inherent in long-dis
tance communication in this age, and while Jude of
Tyre may be the finest authority you know of regard-
ing the interactions between Prodigals and Sinners,
getting word to or from her when you are a Parisians
exceedingly time-consuming, if indeed your missive
ever arrives at all.

You must have an Intelligence of at least 3 and be
able to read and write in Arabic, French, Greek and
Latin in order to possess this Merit, and you should
have at least two Knowledges other than Linguisticsat
3 dots or more. If you wish (and your Storyteller
approves), you may take this Merit in conjunction
with levels of Allies, Contacts or Mentor, represent
inga reasonably sure (ifnot swift) means of contacting
these Cainites. Levels of these Backgrounds dedicated
to connections within the Academy may not be partof
acoterie's Background Pool, unless all of the vampires
in the coterie also possess this Merit.

MET: This Merit is largely narrative in function,
and players should work with the Storyteller to draw up
sketches of some of their most frequent correspondents,
their areas of expertise, etc. A Cainite must meet the
linguistic requirements outlined above as well as possess-
ing at least three levels in "academic" Abilities in order
to purchase this Merit. Bear in mind that while fellow
Academy members may be of great aid in terms of
progressing along the Via Humanitatis, they cannot offer
significant aid in any other mechanical capacity unless
a player also purchases other Backgrounds such as Men
tor, Allies, Contacts or Influence to represent such
additional capabilities or connections for his correspon-
dents. Furthermore, while summaries and paraphrases
are certainly acceptable in a pinch, both sides are highly
encouraged to actually write out at least some of the
correspondence involved in this Merit, especially if the
player seeks to use it to reach a moment of truth. Note,
however, that this does not mean a player must learn four


languages and write lengthy philosophical treatises to
benefit from this Merit, only that a player should natu-
tally expect to write out at least brief summaries of their
character's ideas regarding the Road of Humanity from
time to time.

Hath of Twilight (s-pt. Merit)

You have been initiated into the elite brother-
hood of the True Knights of the Setting Sun, fearsome
hunters of the most savage and deadly of the world's
Cainites, the Soulless. You have received their induc-
tion ceremony, and now wear their brand upon your
left shoulder. You may have even slain one of the
Soulless already. Your devotion to the Road of Hu-
manity (above and beyond that which even many
knights of the Twilight Order feel toward their cause)
serves as your sword and armor in battle against the
foes of your fellowship. Your Aura modifier (if favor-
able) modifies all difficulties directly related to combat
with one of the Soulless. (In other words, a Prodigal
with a Road of Humanity score of 8 would subtract —
1 from all difficulty numbers, such as attack, damage
or soak rolls, or for rolls to activate Disciplines, di-
rectly related to battling the Soulless.) However, if
you ever turn from the Road of Humanity, you lose
this Merit forever. Note that you do not strictly need
this Merit to belong to the Twilight Order; it instead
tepresents a particularly fierce sense of dedication to
the Order's cause.

MET: You may add any favorable Aura rating
modifiers to all tests directly related to battling the
Soulless; these benefits are cumulative with any other
Trait modifiers you may receive from other Merits,
Disciplines or other sources. You may also add these
modifiers to friendly, non-Discipline social interac-
tions with fellow members of the Twilight Order.

Gentle Enthrallment (sor s-pt. Merit)

While most vampires engender slavish devotion
in their ghouls through the "gift" of their blood,
creating spiritually ruined and singularly wretched
creatures to serve them, your blood reacts somewhat
differently when bestowed upon the Children of Seth.
At the 1-point variation of this Merit, while you do
create the blood oath and you empower your thralls
normally, the psychological reaction of the ghoul
allows for a great deal more free will. Your ghouls
regard you with a fierce loyalty and a powerful sense of
affection (more befitting a beloved friend than an
unholy master), but they do not, as a rule, adopt the
posture of pathetic, groveling toadies. Not only is this
more humane form of enthrallment more morally
fcceptableforandamongProdigals, italsoallows your

z FS a

HAPT

ER

ghouls to pass more easily as ordinary mortals (for
instance, they are less likely to fly into a rage when
someone dares to malign you). The 3-point version of
the Merit, in addition to the benefits described above,
also results in regular uses of Dominate having few
permanent deleterious eff Thus, even
those conditioned as perfect servants possess the spark
of intelligence and initiative necessary to function as
reasonably normal human beings.

's on mortals

MET: This Merit is largely a roleplaying me-
chanic, but one that Storytellers and Narrators should
bear in mind when portraying a character's retainers
or others under the effects of her blood. They should
exhibit notably more free will than those of characters
without this Merit, and while they are as loyal as all
under the effects of the blood, such retaine
far fewer bouts of jealousy or similarly possessive
behavior regarding the character. However, regular
use of Dominate will still suppress some of their free
will and initiative unless the more expensive version
of this Merit is purchased, in which case they retain
their normal spark and creative energy even following
Conditioning.

Philosophical Humanist (F-pt. Merit)

You do not much care as to whether or not the

also suffer

Biblical Cain was the forefather of all vampires,
whether he was cursed by God or, indeed, if God or
Caine even exist. Nor do you buy into the supersti-
tious folderol surrounding the Beast. It is, to you,
neither a demon nor some "evil self"; it is simply a
manifestation of normal, if dark, human pe
passions exacerbated by the transformative power of
the Embrace.

ons,

As a result, you find yourself at an advantage in
combating the Beast through the judicious applica-
tion of reason. All of your rolls to resist frenzy and
Rétshreck are at a —1 difficulty. Brujah Cainites,
though no less capable than any other clan of waxing
secular regarding the Curse (and often more inclined
to do so), may not take this Merit.

MET: A character with this Merit is one Trait up
onall tests to resist frenzy and Rotshreck, regardless of
the instigating stimulus. Brujah characters may not
purchase this Merit, and Storyteller approval should
be secured before a character purchases both this
Merit and the Merit: Calm Heart, as their cumulative
benefits may prove too disruptive to game balance.

Unyielding Resolve (s--pt. Merit)

Most common among formally educated Prodi-
gals (though certainly not unique to them; a few
self-taught walkers on the Road of Humanity have

FHREE


managed, by virtue of their own ethical conviction, to
discover such a gift), this Merit enables you to vigor-
ously reassert your human morals in times of spiritual
duress. Whenever the Beast threatens to drag you
down toward the Second Death, you can call upon
reserves of inner strength almost unknown in the
Cainite world to batter it down and force it to relin-
quish its hold upon you. This technique is not without
its risks, however; whenever you fail to defeat the
Beast in this redoubled contest of wills, you literally
feel a part of yourself slipping away, lost to its hunger.

In game terms, you may, when failing or botching a
degeneration check, risk a point of permanent Willpower
to re-roll the Conscience (or in the case of the Path of
Illumination, Conviction) check. If you fail or botch this
roll, you lose the point of Willpower, in addition to
whatever else you normally would have. If you succeed,
though, you lose nothing and manage, through strict
discipline, to reassert your proper sense of remorse and
penitence for offenses against your road.

MET: A Prodigal with this Merit may spend a
permanent Willpower Trait to retest a failed Con-
science/Conviction test to resist degeneration; if this
test is su ful, degeneration is averted through
strict discipline and suitable remorse for such a grave
offense. Only one Willpower Trait may be spent in
this fashion per test, and ifit fails, the Willpower Trait
is lost along with the usual penalties for degeneration.
Storytellers should feel free to increase the Experience
Trait cost to replace Willpower Traits spent fueling
this Meritifit seems the player is ignoring its roleplaying
value in favor of simply using it to casually avoid
degeneration, up to a maximum of double the normal
cost for such Traits.

Beasts Reflection (2-pt. Flaw)

Your inner Beast is particularly ferocious and
persistent. It is, in fact, so adamant in its desire to
overtake you that it impresses itself upon your outward
appearance whenever you call upon the power of your
unliving blood. Whenever you spend a blood point,
you take on a savage, uncouth appearance (your eyes
gain feral yellow or baleful red highlights, you seem to
stand a bit taller, with a menacing posture, and your
features take on a predatory cast, for example) that
gives others pause for a number of turns equal to 10
minus your Road rating. During this time, you are at
+2 difficulty to all social interactions with kine and
Cainites (save for followers of the Road of the Beast)
that do not directly involve causing fear. You are,
however, at a —1 difficulty for intimidation-related
rolls against mortals for an equal duration. Expendi-
tures of multiple blood points create a cumulative

duration for this effect. No Cainite with an Appear
ance score of zero may take this Flaw (for they already
wear their monstrousness upon their faces), though
Cappadocians may (adding the modifier from this
Flaw to their own clan weakness modifier after ex
pending blood). At the Storyteller's discretion, some
individuals (such as the particularly belligerent, im
pulsive, devout or knowledgeable in the matters of the
occult), sensing the monster within you, may havea
more drastic reaction to this limited revelation of the
truth of what you are than simple fear.

MET: Anytime a Cainite with this Flaw expends
a Blood Trait, she immediately acquires the Negative
Traits: Bestial x2 in addition to any other Negative
Traits she might possess, and is two Traits down onall
non-intimidating Social tests with kine and Cainites
alike, excepting followers of the Road of the Beast.
She is considered one Trait up on all attempts to
intimidate others, however. This effect lasts for five
minutes/turns minus the character's Road rating, toa
minimum of one minute/turn, but during that timeit
should be represented by makeup or description if
possible and certainly roleplayed as powerfully as
possible. Expending multiple Blood Traits is cumulae
tive to the duration of this effect, though the Negative
Traits and other penalties are not cumulative,
Nosferatu and other Cainites of similarly blighted
visage may not take this Flaw, though Cappodocians
simply add it to the modifiers surrounding their own
clan weakness. Mortals knowledgeable in the occult
are likely to recognize the Cainite as a vampire in this
state quite easily, and Storytellers should take this
into account should the Cainite spend her blood too
freely around mortals.

Mark of Cain (z-pt. Flaw)

Just as the First Murderer was marked and made
outcast from the race of Man, so too have you been
branded with the taint of your murderous nature,
While some Prodigals are capable of blending in
among mortals with such facility as to render them
undetectable for what they are to all but the most
refined Cainite senses, you have been forever set apart
with a mark that none can see, but all know to be
stamped into your soul. Your Aura modifier becomes
an absolute value (disregarding pluses or minuses), to
which you add +1. All of these values then become
difficulty penalties to interactions in which you tryto
c per the Aura of Prodigals and
replacing that Aura). Yes, this means that an excep-
tionally high Road rating makes you seem just as
bizarre and alien as a very low one; the more you tryto
deny the Mark of Cain and actas the kine do, themore

rt your normalcy (a


you are punished and set apart for your
presumption. You may not take any other Merits or
Flaws that modify or rely upon your Road rating or
Aura modifier

MET: A character with this Flaw adds one to
their Aura modifier (disregarding whether it is posi-
tive or negative) and is considered to suffer this
number as a penalty on all Social tests relating to
interactions where the characters attempts to assert
his normlacy, pass as human or otherwise blend in
with humanity. As above, this means that a very high
Road rating is as deleterious to human interaction as
avery low Road rating — a character with a great
presumption of humanity is punished equally as one
who has turned from the path of mortals. Depending
on the player's desire and the Storyteller's discretion,
this "mark" may be a literal brand of some kind or
simply an invisible knowledge that follows the char-
acter everywhere, but regardless of its nature it cannot
be concealed by any known means, nor can it be
negated short of buying off this Flaw (which is

tremely difficult if not impossible, as the character's
very soul has been marked). A character with this
Flaw may not take any Merits or Flaws that modify or
rely upon a Road rating or Aura modifier.

Fangless (s-pt. Flaw)

Your Beast has manifested in all of the normal
, save one: You are not possessed of fangs, the
deadly natural weapons of the Cainite. Without fangs,
you have no inherent means of inflicting aggravated
damage, cannot perform a bite attackin combat and
cannot easily bite‘to feed. You must inflist no fewer
that two health levels of damage to a creature with
your teeth beforelyou can freely drink its blood.(Once
you have caused \sufficient damage, your victim be-

comes docile and tapturous as normal, but getting to
that point is hard and may actually require Virtue
checks, as the subject writhes and screams in pain;
coupling this Flaw with Grip of the Damned is) an
almost certain way to fall from the Via Humanitatis.)
You can, of course, cut your prey with a bladed
implement in order to feed, but that often creates a
problem all its own, since you can't lick the wound to
heal it.

MET: A character with this Flaw does not have
fangs and cannot perform biting attacks; what's more,
she must inflict at least two levels of damage with her
teeth in order to drink freely, though targets feel the
usual rapture once feeding has begun. A character
cannot acquire fangs through Vicissitude or similar
powers until this Flaw is bought off — attempts to
grow permanent or even temporary fangs simply fail,

though animal shapes obtained through Protean
shapeshifting have their usual natural weaponry.

Lerts of the Provigals

A few texts circulate in the Dark Medieval that
the Prodigals hold as sacred. Not all see them as such
(indeed, the Illuminated Book of the Sun is seen as a
dangerous and even evil heresy by most Prodigals),
but those that follow are two of the most important
and influential texts to be found by walkers upon the
Road of Humanity.

The Book of the Gun

The Book of the Sun, the central text of Illuminated
belief, is held to be a semi-accurate accounting of an
ancient Cainite's search for Golconda. Fewer than six
xtare believed toexist, though theone held
by the Throne of Light, written in Hebrew, is probably a
second translation. Only one Cainite (long since gone on
tothe Final Death) everclaimed to have seen the original,
and it was, as she recounted, "etched into clay tablets ina
tongue ancient when Babylon was young." Unfortu-
nately, all of the copies of the Book now (to the best of
anyone's knowledge) extant are incomplete.

copiesof thete

What pieces of the text do exist are filled with
allegory and strange symbolism. Equal parts riddle and
mythology, the Book of the Sun describes the journey of
Sha-Ennu (whose gender is uncertain and seems, at
various points throughout the Book, to actually change,
though this may be nothing more than the product of
poor translation; nevertheless, such a probability does
not prevent Illuminated Tzimisce from claiming Sha-
Ennu as one of their own). At times, it seems to detail
real places, and at others, it tells of far more fantastic
vistas, realms of pure fantasy. (For, if the wondrous
locales de:

cribed ever truly existed, it was in the time
»od and they are no more.) In some scenes,
Sha-Ennu discourses with the Creator (or the Adver-
sary; such is never made fully apparent and salvation
seems to be found by sometimes heeding this figure's
counsel, and at other times by disregarding it), various
animals (both real and mythic), wise men, children and
him-/herself. At times, it is unclear which of these
parties, if any, the Cainite is speaking with.

before the

Tonight, no Cainite claims lineage from Sha-Ennu
and none claim to have sired any vampire by that name,
though it is likely that the name in the text is a term
whose meaning has yet to be deciphered. Even many
Illuminated believe that Sha-Ennu never existed at all,
but is instead representative of all Cainites everywhere.
Others counter by asking that, should such be the case,
what is the value of the Book at all? (It would then likely
be a work of fiction from beginning to end.) As the


argument continues, some say that the Book is a work of
faith, and that the value to be found in its lessons is not
whether the events portrayed therein ever happened,

but instead that they can happen.
The Dialogues of Troile and Arikel
Recorded in the days of Plato, the Dialogues of Troile
and Arik
between the two Antediluvianson the partofan ancient
Cainite (who did not wish his name recorded in the
Dialogues), who claimed to have been told the story by
his own sire in remotest antiquity. Over the course of
time, many have debated the veracity of the Dialogues,
but most agree that whether they are the actual words

are an accounting of alleged conversations

spoken by the two clan founders or not is irrelevant.
Such Cainites say that their value is to be found in the
fact that they (and the various expositions and essays
penned by venerable elders to interpret and explain the
astoundingly obtuse tangents of conversation) consti-
tute the basis of the formalized Road of Humanity first
developed by the Brujah and Toreador clans, and then
passed on to the rest of the Cainite world. Indeed, several
of the reflections upon the world and the kine are
essentially exceedingly elaborate versions of the tenets
that would later be adopted in the Pact of Athens.
Between eight and fifteen complete copies of the
Dialogues exist, with the majority of these resting in the
private collections of prominent and powerful
Methuselahs and elders. Pethaps one or two copies are
currently in the hands of younger Cainites, though this
is doubtful. Most copies of the text are written in ancient
Greek, though Cainite scribes translated the work into
a very few other tongues (Hebrew and Latin, according
tocommon speculation, though one, given asa gift to an
esteemed Assamite Prodigal, is known to have been
written in Aramaic). A numberof incomplete transcrip-
tions of the Dialogues exist (usually just fragments
consisting of a few passages at most), sometimes given as
gifts by Prodigal teachers to their students upon full
initiation onto the Road of Humanity. Most of these
fragments of the Dialogues are quite old, however, and
are gradually disintegrating over the course of time,
leaving fewer and fewer partial accounts of the legendary
discussion in circulation in the Cainite world, and
making those that still exist in relatively unblemished
condition that much more precious. A minority of
Prodigals who know of the Dialogues believe that there
are still enough partial accounts out among Cainites of
varying ages to assemble perhaps one more complete
copy of the text. Some younger Prodigals, who maintain
that the insights offered by the Dialogues grant some kind
of special power over the Beast (a rumor that stands
solely upon the morally balanced natures of those an-

cients believed to hold copies of it), hunt fervently for
the fragments, hoping to unlock whatever elusive mys
tery is contained therein

Relics of Humanity

Every society, no matter how scattered or frag-
mented, has its legendsand rumors, and the Prodigalsare
no exception. Just as Christians have the True Crossand
Jews the Ark of the Covenant, walkers upon the Roadof
Humanity believe in a few famous (or infamous, as the
case may be) artifacts ofancient days. Ofcourse, whether
or not these relics truly exist, none who yet dwell upon
the Barth can (or will) say.

The Blade of Enoch

Believed by those C
such things to have been a weapon forged in the First
City by the sire of the First Diablerist, the founder of the
Brujah line, the Sword of Enoch is, according to legend,
a simple, even crude-looking, bronze blade. Most say
that its length falls somewhere between that of a short
sword and a long sword aid that it is very slightly leaf
bladed}though this is nfostly speculation. It is unclearif
Troile the Elder gave the weapon to Enoch asa gift, or
ifthe weapon simply bears hisname as the first of its kind
crafted there (and, indeed, anywhere in the world),

ainite scholars who know of

Whatever the case, the Blade of Enoch is believed
toretain some fragment of its creator's spirit; specifically,
his cold logic and power to yoke the Beast according to
his reason and will, rather than being ridden by its
destructive passions. What exactly that means, how-
ever, isa matter for some debate. Most maintain thatthe
Blade, when carried, cows the Beast into submission,
making it virtually impossible for the thing to rear its
head and assert control over the Cainite, no matter his
circumstances. Some believe that the weapon can, with
a single blow, deliver unto the Final Death any that
descend from Troile the Younger, shattering the particu-
larly wrathful Beast of such a Cainite and reaping upon
him a bloody vengeance as the price for the unchecked
rage of his forefather. Others say that those struck by the
weapon are reduced to heartlessly rational monsters,
completely devoid of anger and envy, but also emptied
of compassion, hope, mercy or love. Still others believe
that, by driving the weapon into oneself, a Cainite can
slay her own Beast, annihilating all the dark emotions
that drive hertosin against the world, while maintaining
the passions that allow her to enjoy her existence;
becoming human in spirit while retaining the immortal
ity of the flesh (though this last is seen as more of a
parable or even a fairy-tale among serious Prodigal
scholars than it is as a legitimate possibility).


The Well of Ashes Martyr's Ton
Some say it isa fable, meant to reinforce the Cainite The practice of creating icons (images of saints and
mythology: "drink only blood and eat only ashes." other religious figures) is common to the Eastern Church
Others believe that it is a miraculous work of divine or _ in these nights, but many people (and Cainites) enjoy the
infernal artifice. The most common rumors attribute its _ presence of a pleasant bit of art. The Martyr's Icon, which
creation to the hands of either Saulot, or the first and may be crafted by any Prodigal with an advanced under-
most powerful among the Baali (or perhaps, as some _ standing of her road, is artwork witha purpose. A Martyr's
daring souls insinuate, of both of these Cainites Icon is usually a small painting or figurine. Typically,
together). What is generally agreed upon is that itisarendition ofa former victim of the vampire's
the Well is nothing of the sort, being instead
something more like a very deep cauldron,

sculpted out of a single slab of rough-
hewn basalt, capable of restoring a
Cainite to full mortality, perhapseven
permanently d

Many talescirculateastohow, \
exactly, the Well works(should bias:

it even exist), though most of

own feeding, or else an image of Abel. The
individual is always depicted in some be-
atific pose. Often, he is smiling.

After creating the Icon (with the
use of the appropriate Crafts field of
expertise) the Prodigal may at-
tempt to empower it against the

wiles of the Beast and those
who embrace its ways. The
Cainite may "activate" the

these stories seem fanciful and
too good to be true. A number Martyr's Icon by letting a
of Cainite scholars who have
ofthe Well
exhaustively seem to believe
in one particularly grim in-
terpretation, involving the

utter incineration of no

single blood point before it
(symbolically returning
some of what she has
taken). The player rolls
her Road rating (diffi-
culty 8). For one night

researched the lor

fewer than one hundred
Children of Seth (over the
course of weeks) within the
Well, until it contains a
largeamountofhumanash.

per success, the Icon
guards the Cainite's
abode (anareaup tothe

of a large house)

against those who wal-
low in the Beast's
depredations. Those
who walk a road other
than the Via
Humanitatis suffera +2
difficulty to all actions
that would defy the

Somesay that the ash must
be rubbed into the skin,
others believe that it must
bemixed with blood tothe
consistency of stiffmudand
set into a cocoon around
the Cainite fora day anda
night, andstill othersclaim
thata portion of it (though
the size of the ‘portion is
debated) must be eaten.
Whether those kine who
are placed into the Well
must be alive when they
begin to burn, however, isa

particular moral code
(the main Road of
Humanity or appro-
priate path on that
road) of the Prodigal
crafter while within
that area

Any Prodigal
with a Road rating of
8 or more may at-

matter none can speak on
with certainty

tempt to create a
Martyr's Icon.



BLOOD QF S€Th,
BLOOD OR CAINE

ful to yous do not to your fellow men.

That is the entire Law/all the restiis commentary.
— The Talmud

Prodigals come from all manner of backgrounds. What follow are
some Prodigal templates suitable for play as characters, as well as a
number of notable walkers upon the Road of Humanity. These
characters can be brought into play by your troupe, or simply used as
inspiration as to different sorts of Prodigals in the Dark Medieval. As
with everything else here, use what works and disregard what does not.


DEDICATED ARTIST

Ifyou don't mind, that took me a long time to make.
Id appreciate it if you didn't put your filthy hands all over it.

Prelude: "Such work is not for women."

masterfully manipulated lifele

birthing had left your mother barren. As his eyesight began to fail from years of stone dust and
fine detail work by candlelight, you pressed him to apprentice you. Reluctantly, he agreed.

You had the same natural facility for stonework as your father and soon came tosupercede ¢
him. Your work, he said, was among the most skilled and intricate he had ever seen.

Still, appearances had to be maintained, and he always reluc-
tantly passed your work off as his own. One night, though, one
of your father's patrons visited the studio.

Good

He did not seem like a priest, and he looked
at the newest work in progress with acritical eye,
commenting on it as an artist rather than a ;
cleric. Finally, he bade your father draw close la
and speak to him about the intent behind the J i)
work. After a few moments, he studied your
her's eyes intently and asked to see the real
artist. Eagerly and heedless of the potential
consequences, you stepped forward. You ex- any
pected shock or rage on his part, and were \ ys
completely unprepared forhissimple acceptance. ~~ ie vi
He returned every night for a month, helping you to yo "
perfect your technique; eventually, when he was con- Sg.
vinced that you were worthy, he Embraced you. Your sire |\
brought you to the Via Humanitatis, but you suspect that,
had he not, you would have found your way there on f\ }
your own. Angels and devils do not craft as you can. [\\ \ tb ie
That is the legacy of your human spirit.

Concept: You are an artist, first and foremost,
with a profound dedication to your work. You have an
intuitive feel for stone that even in your mortal days "&
bordered on the magical. You are apt to be taken in by
a Cainite patron seeking a skilled sculptor, or perhaps, if
you are fortunate, an Artisan even more skilled than your We
sire, one who can teach you secrets of stonework now lost ¥
to the world. ‘4

Roleplaying Hints: You are by no means the graceful \ 4,

\

4

—

4
Meraieee eee gee ene is gee

=

lady most people expect of a Toreador.
Your hands are callused and your face is
plain, but your passion for your craft

+ comes out in all you do. You constantly ==
\ & survey and scrutinize your surroundings, look- as
> > ing for the flaws in the design, and have no day. *
meh ( respect for those who cannot take pride in their St
y work.

Equipment: Stonecutting tools, leather apron, craftsman's garb, paper and charcoal

Ya

That was what your father told you when you were young. But you saw the way in which he
s stone and you envied him his work. He was a profoundly skilled We
craftsman and was sponsored by the Church, rendering images of angels and saints for the finest
cathedrals. He had desperately wished for a boy to continue the family trade, but your difficult

et —_—.
Smiling, he told you that it had been a mistake to try tokeep you fromthe craft. _/ ¥ ate y
"Vth,

>

a


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina.

00000

Alertness,
Athletics.

00000000
@@000000
@0000000
@0000000
00000000
@0000000
—O0000000

00000000
—O0000000
&—___Q 0000000

nidation.

main.

Disciplines
3 @@e@00000
Gelert _e 0000000
Presence __0 0000000
00000000
00000000

VAMPIRES

Nature:Perfectionist
Demeanor: Architect
Clan: Toreador

Genevationz2th
Concept: Dedicated Artist

Social
@000000 Perception__4

@000000 Intelligence__4

Charisma____

Knowledges

Academics___@@@00000
Hearth Wisdom_9 9000000
Investigation___9 90000000
Law. @0000000
Linguistics @@00000
Medicine____@e@eo000000
Occult 00000000
Politics. @@000000
Seneschal____9 9000000
Theology. @@000000

Animal Ken_9 9900000
Archery__90 0000000
Commerce__@@@00000
Crafts___e@eeeoo0o0o
Etiquette___@90000000
Melee. @0000000
Performance_9 90000000
Ride. @0000000
Stealth 00000000
Survival___90 0000000

Backgrounds
Influence @0000000
Resources @e@00000
Status @0000000

OO0O000000
OO0000000

Virtues
Conscience/Comviction @ @ 000

Self ControlHastinet @ © @@@

Courage. @ee@00

Other Traits

Road

00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
00000000

Health

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

Humanity
@eeeeoaee@eooo
Aura:__Normalcy _(+/-0)

Willpower ===
e@e@e@ee@eeoooodo
GBOoOoOoo0o0o0o000

Weakness


FALLEN MAN

Believe me, | know what it

to sin before one's fellow man.

Prelude: Once, the God-fearing folk of your community provided you with your basic needs and you, in tum,
gave them spiritual guidance and the comfort of the Lord's words. Of course, you were not as morally strong a man
as you might have wished. It would have been nothing exceptional, save that the girl,
barely into womanhood, soon grew heavy with your child. She came to you for a
comfortand, tormented, you turned to the Cross for inspiration. Long hours you
prayed, but no heavenly manifestations appeared to advise you; you were left
with that most fallible of counsels, the human conscience.

At last, as it became quite clear to all that the girl was pregnant, she
privately demanded some kind of recognition from you. What you gave was
probably not what she had in mind. Afraid for yourself above all else, you
denounced heras the Devil's whore. Before you knew it, the townsfolk (even J
the girl's own parents) dragged her down to the riverand drowned her. After Wy
all, you were their beloved priest, the man who offered them the Word of Jay
God. How could you lead them ast

Ashamed beyond words, you fled. You were on the road for nearly a
decade when you found yourself telling your tale to a woman in a
Parisian tavern. You did not know why you told her these things, only
that she seemed to you completely trustworthy. When your story
was done, she bade you accompany her home and, unthinking,
you complied. When you arrived at her house (a grand estate,
surprising for a woman who wandered unescorted at night),
she beat you unconscious with strength you believed could Wh
not reside within the mortal frame. Your Embrace was 44
excruciating, and you spent exactly enough time with a) Jape)
her to learn of your clan and the Traditions of
Caine before she cast you out, to contemplate
your crime forever.

Concept: You have no interest in being a
man of God again. Just to be considered a man
would be honor enough. You are fascinated by the depths to which human
beings can sink, and conversely (especially given the moral failure to which
they are inclined), the heights to which they can soar. Your last notable
act as a mortal was one of selfishness. Now you have the chance to make

amends and learn to truly love your fellow men and women as they
deserve. Not for God, but because it is right.

Roleplaying Hints: You are tired
and jaded, and you know that men are
wicked and weak. You have a way of =
getting people to believe you, but are
loath to apply it. Your last act of guidance
among the kine resulted in an innocent girl dying
for your lust. Cainites who abuse and scorn mortals=
earn your ire, because you see your own iniquity re-
flected in their actions.

Equipment: Traveler's garb, walking stick, perpetually light purse

LOAD OF HUMAN


ar
VAMPIRE

Nature: Penitent
Demeanor: Judge
Clan: Brujah

Generation: 12th
Concept: Fallen Man
Haven:

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:
Physical
Strength Yee000000
Dexterity___@@®O000000
Stamina, @@@00000
Talents
Alertness__ 9 0000000
Athletics__ 9 90900000
. @0000000
@0000000
@@e@e@00000
@e@e@ee0000
Bion 0000000

hiP__e@000000
aiN__QQ0000000

Social
Charisma___.

Manipulation
Appearance.

@@ee0000

ABILICIES

Skills
Animal Ken_9 9000000
Archery__90000000
Commerce__@0000000
Crafts_____900000000
Etiquette___@0000000
Melee_____99000000
Performance_9 9000000 (eo)
Ride. @0000000
Stealth____o 9 000000
Survival___ @@000000

@@0000 Perception‘

@@000000 Wits

Academics,

Intelligence__.

Knowledges
@@000000

Hearth Wisdom_@Q00000 fe)
Investigation__9 90000 fore)

Law.

@0000000
Linguistics @e@e@e@00000
Medicine__9 90000000
Occult 00000000
Politics. 00000000
Seneschal____9 9000000
Theology ___@@@00000

00

‘a

' Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
@0000000 Contacts ___ @@®00000 wer whee
Potence 0000000 Generation _@0000000 —msicnes/Conriction @ © @@0
Presence @@000000 Resources _ _@0000000  Self-Controlfnstiner_@ @ @ @0
OOO00000 OO0000000
u OO000000 00000000 Courage____ ee @00
== Other Traits Road Health
- SOO O290 Humanity Bruised oO
OO0000000
C0000000 98 CCCOCO00 rs 4
©0000000_— Aura:__Normalcy _( +1) ariel Syed
é. 00000000
| ee a: Mauled 2 le)
00000000 Willpower Crippled So
90000000 @@eee00000 Incapacitated oOo
OO0000000
00000000 i — Weakness
00000000 estates -2 difficulty to resist frenzy
9.0000000 o00000 \ Experience


ILLUMINATED HERETIC

You believe the bles

ings of Caine make us inhuman? Friend, you have muc!

to learn of the

power of one man's soul.

Prelude: Yourchildhood among the Obertus

was anything but normal. By the age at which
others are first learning a craft, you were
dissecting the bodies of the dead for study,
transcribing histories lost to mortal man
and mastering your fifth language.

While there were those who called

you a prodigy, you were not the

sort of youth most Tzimisce

would look to for a potential

childe. Your love of learning did

not cross the line into overt cru-

elty or even simple amorality.

Perhaps it was all the philosophy

you read, but as you grew into a

young man, you came to believe in

the fundamental goodness and very
important place of humanity in

the world (beyond fodder for
Cainites, that is).

Eventually youlefthome, seek-
ing the company of a Fiend patron §
who would allow you to continue
your work beyond the confines of
the Obertus Estates. Your arms
bristling with books and scrolls,
you presented yourselfat the court
of this voivode or that, offering
your services in exchange for
leave to pursue your personal in-
terests. Sadly, while yourintellect
was esteemed, few Fiends had
even the remotest inclination
toward your humanist studies,
craving instead the lore of
Cainites, gods and spirits. You
were considering givingup and
returning home when you
caught your future sire's eye.

He wasa minor advi-
sor in the court of a
powerful Tzimisce lord, ==
wearing simple robes
and a humble mien. While the

ancient prince listened impassively, you sensed the
x other's eyes upon you. At last, he begged for and
"MM, was granted permission to question you in
oun
> private, a conversation that lasted for hours:
S By a month later, he had
A »
>

y

secured the right to
sire you, and soon
after inducted
you into the
teachings of the
Path of Illumi-
nation. Younow
know what the
real questionsaré,
and you have an

/ eternity in which
todiscover youran-

f

:
"
Concept: You area

brilliant heretical scholar who has set out upon
the long Bitter Journey. Your fascination with
human potential has only grown since your
Embrace; and you see Cainites not as creatures
cursed, but instead liberated to pursue perfec:
tion. In the latter sense, you are an archetypical
Tzimisce, but your implementation of that be
lief sets you far apart from other Fiends. They
attempt to evolve despite their human roots,

X
% j
a e/)
/ swers.

while you seek to because of those roots.
Roleplaying Hints: You are often erudite
to the point of incomprehensibility to lesser
minds. You lament Europe's benighted state
and pity those who are born into ignorance,
without even the opportunity to grow beyond
the limitations imposed upon them. You are
aware that many within the Cainite world
would persecute or even harm you because
of your views, so you practice them in
silence, ever watchful for
opportunities to
subtly stumble
toward Golconda,
Equipment: Books and scrolls aplenty,

paper and ink, humble robes, transcribed fragments of
the Book of Nod

-z

SS
JAD OFPHUMANITY


Denise.

Name: Nature: Visionary Generation: 9th
Player: Demeanor: Pedagogue Concept: Illuminated Heretic
Chronicle: Clan: Tzimisce Haven:
Mental
Strength. fone 000000 _ Charisma___@@®@®00000 Pétception: "@ . e@00000

Dexterity, @@000000 Manipulation _@@000000 _Intelligence__<
Stamina. @@000000 Appearance__e@@e00000 Wits

Talents Skills _ Knowledges
Alertness. eo0000000 AnimalKen_ggQ00000 Academics. @e@0e0@0000
Athletics, e0000000 Archery. o00000000 Hearth Wisdom_gqgqgo00000

‘Brawl, 00000000 Commerce__qQ000000 Investigation @0000000
00000000 Crafts___eeoooo000 lav~_____oo0000000
E hy o00000 Etiquette ©0000000 Linguistics,

S ee000000 Melee 99000000 Medicine |
midation__g90000000 Performance_gg09000 oo Occult
iP__oooo0o0000 Ride____eeoooooo Politics____od 90000000
aiN_Q0000000 Stealth 00000000 Seneschal___9 9000000
| : 6___e@0000000 Survival__eeooo0o0o0 Theology____eeeo0o00
| 1
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
ihimalism OO0000000 _ Contacts BOOD000. ee
* Auspex @©@000000_ Generation 000000 Smeeee/Conviction @@ @00
egsiiude @@000000_ Resources @@@00000  Self-ControlAnstimet_@ @ @ @ O |
00000000 00000000 ||
‘ 00000000 00000000 Courage_____@ee00
—_
=— Other Traits Road Health
90000000 Humanity (Path of Tilumination) Bruised Oo
00000000
C0000000 @@@®@e@e8000 Hurt 10
Ren \ Go} Injured 10
a) ura:___Normatcy _! Wounded ey een El
gl Uae — RE Mauled he
| Will
BONIS SIS) eh nae Crippled 5 O
Doone ©8888 0000 Incapacitated a]

00000000
00000000
00000000

OBo000000000
Blood Pool

_ Weakness
‘sleep in native soil

Experience °
a

MAN-AT-ARMS

Witchery? No, I'm afraid all I've got to threat

Prelude: In life, you were an ordinary peasant skills were put to the test in the wilds outside of the
solider. Actually, that's not completely true. You € city, when your charge was assaulted by a
were an exceptional peasant soldier. You may not 3 = three-eyed man with a gleaming long sword.
have had noble privilege, but truth be told, that He was a fierce fighter, but you were more
sort of life seemed like much more trouble than VE, skilled and took his head with the final
it was worth. You slew the enemies of your lord S. sweep of your axe. As reward for your excep-
when commanded to do so and got along = 4 tional service, you were promptly inducted
comfortably, if modestly, for your Ze into House and Clan Tremere. It was not the
troubles. You knew you'd surely HEE Aes fate you would have asked for, but it's your
be dead long before thirty, but \ fate now. You've resolved to make the best
who really wants to waste away of it
in his deathbed, afflicted with Wa Concept: You are a normal man
too many ailments to count? \ thrust into abnormal circumstances.

You spent your coin on v4 Z You tend to look at things froma
maintaining your arms and ar- =o very simple perspective,
mor, whoring, drinking and \ tes . and while some confuse

adequate accommodations, in 1 . i your grounded nature for

that order. It was, by your estima- eaiyaniiitc j/ slow wits, you're the one
tion, agood way to live. Eventually, it on who makes sure the cote-
however, it had to end. Your lord Yj = as tie won't be out in the open
took ill and was usurped by his own eo WW when dawn arrives. Other
son, with the aid of several neighbor- . Tremere may affect airs of
ing nobles. The soldiers of those lords T Alte. a mystery and power, but you
were sent in to replace the fighters SP | are content to just be theman
loyal to the youth's father, and you you are and let others form
were dismissed. You spent the next Ii] their opinions based upon that.
two years wandering as a man for hire. Roleplaying Hints: You
Sometimes you would work a stint are practical above all else, and
among mercenaries, and sometimes you ul ' /}} do not put much stock in the
would act as bodyguard to a mer- I} ih "Cainite mystique." Indeed, you
chant or cleric. f iy i] stare at pretty girls, pine for fine
Your final duty as a mercenary ff" i | ale and curse like the career
wasin Vienna, when you were hired Ny 4 soldier you are. You are much
on by a curiously regal woman. a Wf more comfortable in the com-
She carried herself with forceful- Z pany of farmers, craftsmen and
ness uncharacteristic for her /}/ Wi) warriors than you are
gender and was accustomed to | W4\ i \ 4 among vampires, and
command. You took well | / | you do not hesitate to
to her service. Youac- _ i / feo~ ' speak your mind onthe
companied her on her —f ij) ts . subject.
many journeys around DAY; = lie | Equipment:
the region (strangely, al- f Notched battleaxe,

ways by night) — mostly
there to look like a well-
armed brute. Finally your

chain mail hauberk,
bow and quiver of ar-
rows, boot knife


VAMPIRE

Name: Nature: Defender Generation: 12th

Player: Demeanor: Conformist Concept: Man-at-Arms
Chronicle: Clan: Tremere

PI ; Social _ Mental
Strength. @00000 Charisma @@000000 Perception @@e@00000

Dexterity. @00000 Manipulation_@@000000 Intelligence__
Stamina @0000 Appearance__@@O000000 Wits

ABILITIES

Skills Knowledges
Alertness Animal Ken_@@o00000 Academics___@90000000
Athletics Archery___ 000000 Hearth Wisdom_@gqoQ00000
% Commerce__@90000000 Investigation__9 90000000
Crafts____09000000 law______00000000
oo0000000 Etiquette__go000000 Linguistics___e@o0000000
00000000 Melee____eeeeoooo Medicine___eo0000000
—e@0000000 Performance_gq9000000 Occult_____eo0000000
00000000 Ride_____eeoo0000 —____00000000
900000000 Stealth___e@o000000 Seneschal___9 0000000
8900000000 Survival___@e@o00000 Theology. 00000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

Xx @@000000 Allies @@000000 ¢ Conon
Dominate @@000000_ Mentor @@000000 , Spe

umaturgy OOOOOOOO Resources @@000000 Self-Control/astinee © @ @00
Fortitude @0000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Courage_____eeceee

Other Traits Road Health

00000000 Humanity Bruised
00000000
Hi
00000000 ® 8 @@@@0000 hey
Aura:_Normalc (7/9 aie
00000000 ;_Normaicy __| Wounded
OO0000000
Mauled

00000000 Willpower Crippled
00000000 eeeeeee000 eee ee

00000000
00000000 Q@o0o0o0o0o0ooo == _ Weakness
Blood Pool] === r

00000000
OO0OO000000


LADY OR ThE BEGGARS

We are family and | will not abandon you.

Prelude: You were a vagabond on the streets of
Samarkand for all the years of your childhood,
living by your wits and your cunning. Your
parents died of a lingering sickness when you
were nine, leaving you to care for your five-
year-old brother alone. Fortunately, enough
of the city's people believed in Islam's devo-
tion to charity for the both of you to scrape
by as impoverished orphans.

during your shared flight, but you sensed that
something terrible was going to happenti
you. You were right. He gave you the
blood of Ravnos and tried to induct yo
into his "toad of sin," but you would
have none of it. Such selfishness ant
cruelty were not for you. You had@
family to take care of, and the
¢ " Curse of Caine could never
As you grew, you found yourself fg 7 ; take that away from you
becoming an influential figure on i ‘
the streets. You offered what little
you had to those who needed it
(even when that meant you had /#.
to go without), and tried to give
comfort to all of Samarkand's
suffering poor. During your sev-
enteenth year, you became a
parent when you took in the very
young children of another beggar
woman, and soon you found yourself

¥) Character Concept
O) You are a merciful soul,
dedicated to the weak and
downtrodden, regarded asa
gentle angel by vagrantsand

believe that you can use your
Curse to do some good foroth:
ers. You've never once
considered the cost to your own
soul, since you are a fundamentally
regarded as a mother by many of the selfless person. If you must be Damned
waifs. You passed on your skills at theft y { in order for the needy to be saved,
and panhandling to a younger genera- /WW EW ote on! then so be it.
tion, just as you had to your brother
before an illness took him from you,
hoping to teach the children how to
survive.

Roleplaying Hints: You still
practice Islam, but, if you had to be
fully honest with yourself, you would
have to admit that you love your

people far more than you love Allah.
He, after all, has many souls to love,

You attracted the attention of your
sire-to-be by filching his purse (as a

lesson to a group of youths who were
looking on). The handsome stranger
caught you by the wrist and smiled in
much the same way you imagined a

tiger, were it a man, might smile at its 4}!}

prey. His eyes transfixed you; and as he
dragged you off into the

thick of the crowd,

and from there into

an alley, you could do

nothing save follow.

He spoke not a word

Him. The orphaned and the outcast,
onthe other hand, have no one to cate
for them save you. You speak gentlyto
the lowly and you become cold, even
hostile, to those wealthy or lordly
individuals whom you discover to be
without true charity.
Equipment: Dagger,a
few coins, the rags on
your back


vAMNeeO

Name: Nature: Caretaker Generation: 8th

Player: Demeatior: Caretaker Concept: Lady of the Beggars
Chronicle: Clan: Ravnos Haven:

pie Social __ Mental
Strength___"@@000000 Charisma @@000000 Perception__@@®000000

Dexterity. @@@@000 Manipulation_e@e@e0000 Intelligence__@ee@000000
Stamina @@@00000 Appearance__@@000000 Wits_____ eee00000

Knowledges

Alertness____@@000000 Animal Ken_gQ000000 Academics___9 9000000
seietics -_@0000000 Archery___99000000 Hearth Wisdom_goo00 000
: @0000000 Commerce__@ @000000 Investigation____ 0000000
@e000000 Crfts___eooo0000 lLavw_____eeoo00000
00000000 Friquette__gQ000000 Linguistics____@o0000000
00000000 Melee____oo0000000 Medicine____o9000000
00000000 Performance_ggo000000 Occult_____o 9000000
eo000000 Ride____opo 000000 Pulitis_____oo0000000
Stealth Seneschal__@ 9000000

Survival 000000 Theology___g 90000000

Virtues

BainWtry ee000000 Contacts Conscience/Comviction_@ @ @ @ O
Eftitude _@0000000 Herd Self-Controlfastinet_@ @ @ 00
00000000 00000000
00000000 ____ 00000000 Courage_____ eeeo0o0

=>
=— OtherTraits Road Health

90000000 Humanity (Path of Community) Bruised
OO0000000 Hurt
C0000000 8 @e@@e@ee@e00

Injured
00000000 _ Aura:___Normalcy (+1) Wounded

ae a ei Mailed
00000000 illpower Crippled

00000000 e@e@ee000000 Incapapitared
Gooooooooo Weakness

Blood Pool engage ina particular
| crime
perience

oboooo000


SELR-PROCLAIMED CAICIFF

Mark my words, the world is changing.

Disbelieve me if you wish; your irrelevance is all but assured.

Prelude: You were born into ignominy, the daughter of a prostitute. Desperately poor, you were servicing your gi

clients at a most unseemly age, and during your thirteenth year you struck out on your own. Unlik
both beautiful and intelligent; you knew that you could use both of these assets to your ad
"worldly arts" to become mistress to a powerful nobleman or archbishop, an¢
controlling partner in the relationship

our mother, you Were
antage, perhaps working your
1 through the satiation of his base needs, the
By the age of sixteen, youhad a fat and wealthy old bishop wrapped around your little finger. Your disregard forreligil
was enticing to him, since he knew he could not control you through the threat of damnation, Insteal
he seemed enraptured by the way in which you exerted your will upon him. Others took
notice of your assertive nature as well
A stern-faced man in a black cassock, who told you in no uncertain terms thal
the bishop was "his," gave you the Embrace. He said that, while amusing,
your game was now at an end, and that you would join your loverashis
own property. With a condescending smirk, he informed you that
should you continue to perform admirably for the next sevétil
centuries, you may well enjoy your freedom once again. The very
next night, just before dawn, you returned to the bishop's quate
and revealed to him your plan.
While the bishop balked at it, your tone brooked nes
dissent; by early afternoon, your sire had been dragged, semis
conscious, out of his abode by a trustworthy squad of
mercenaries in the bishop's occasional employ and al
lowed to die beneath the sun. A hefty "donation" from
Church coffers bought their silence, until such timeas
you learned enough to put their leader under thé
blood. Now, you are what you always knew youl
could be: powerful, deadly and ruled by none be
yond yourself.

Concept: You are walking evidence that‘his
man" does not necessarily mean "ethical," "kind!
or "just." Your life was one of privation and
hardship, and you had to abandon most of your
moralsalong with your innocence just tosurvive

You seize opportunity instinctively and never
relinquish what is yours. You are the one wha
had to do the work (no matter how degrading

} or distasteful) to earn it, after all.
Roleplaying Hints: You are an innowe
tor, and you scorn the superstitious notion
that your self-imposed, clanless state make
you the fulfillment of some kind of "prophe
ecy of The End." At best, tradition-bound:

Cainites make you laugh with derision. You

firmly believe that you are the way of the

future, destined to pry the fruits of the Earth
from between the withered fingers of the an
tiquated Clans of Caine. You are, howeven
usually wise enough to keep such opinions t
yourself
Equipment: Opulent clothing, random finery,
well-armed escort, coin to spare

OAD OF HUMA)


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina,

Ye0000000
@@e@00000
@@000000

Alertness__9 0000000
Athletics_ 9 9000000
B 00000000

00000000

@@000000
idation__@@@00000
1P__@@000000
main_@Q0000000
€§__@@@00000

Disciplines
; e  @@800000
Gitehebration @0000000

Potence 00000000
O0000000

00000000

vaMneTO

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Autocrat
Clan; Lasombra

Generation: 12th
Concept: Self-Proclaimed Caitiff

__ Mental
@@000000 Perception__e@@®000000

00000 Intelligence__@@e@e0000
e000 Wits

Social
Charisma.

Manipulation__
Appearance___@

Skills
Animal Ken_9 90000000
Archery____9 0000000
Commerce__@@000000
Crafts_____9 9000000
Etiquette__@0000000
Melee____p 0000000
Performance_@@000000
Ride 00000000
Stealth___9 90000000
Survival___ 9 9000000

Knowledges
Academics__9 0000000
Hearth Wisdom_@90000000
Investigation. @@000000
Law 00000000
Linguistics, @@000000
Medicine____o9 90000000
Occult 00000000
Politics. @@e@00000
Seneschal____99000000
Theology___@0000000

Backgraunde
o00000

: @o00000

@@000000

Domain
Generation
Influence
Resources
Retainers e

Conscience/Gonvietior_@ 0000
Self-Control/Instinet © @ © @ @

Courage. @ee0e0

Road Health

=— Other Traits
h OO0000000
00000000
90000000
OO0000000
O0000000
00000000

OO0000000
OO0000000

Humanity (Path of Vigor)
@ee@ee@eeeoo0oo0d
Aura: Normalcy _(+/-9

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

—=——— Willpower ===
@eeeeeeeedod
BOOoOoo0o000o00

== Blood Pool Weakness


Provigals of Interest

In every gathering, some stand out as truly re-
markable or otherwise noteworthy. Prodigals are no
exception. What follow here are some of the influen-
tial Prodigals of the Dark Medieval. Some are already
figures of great renown or infamy, while others make
their mark in subtler ways. All, however, understand
the importance of the Via Humanitatis and can serve
as inspirations to those who would tread that path in
their wake.

Dionysius, Prince of Athens
5th generation Cappadocian, childe of Japheth
Nature: Celebrant
Demeanor: Visionary
Embrace: 599 BC
Apparent Age: late teens/early 20s

Over the course of his long centuries, Dionysius
has proven himself to be a man of many surprises. Born
in Athens, the son of a vintner, he was a largely
unexceptional youth, save perhaps for his handsome
face and his exuberance. During his adolescence, how-
ever, both his parents and his younger sister died,
victims of a wasting illness that claimed them at the
end of a long and arduous struggle. He inherited his
father's vineyard and became an affluent man of four-
teen. Dionysius was not satisfied with mere terrestrial
wealth, though, and the young master of the winery set
his extensive new connections on the trail of any who
might enable the youth to speak to his family once
more. After two years of searching, he made contact
with a cult devoted to Persephone, comprised of indi-
viduals who, through birth or training, possessed various
abilities related to interactions with the underworld

So desperate was he to say a proper goodbye to his
loved ones that Dionysius made the cult the heirstohis
fortune if only they would show him a way to speak
across the veil between life and death. On his seven?
teenth birthday, Dionysius drank a cup of pomegranate
wine, mixed liberally with hemlock. By that night, the
cultists were already discussing, over Dionysius' limp
and lifeless body, how they would divvy up his estate}
Their surprise was complete when the young maf
opened his eyes and sat up.

Dionysius claimed to have spoken to Persephong
herself during his journey into the afterlife and told the
leaders of the cult of her displeasure at the way in which
they used the gifts she had given them to profit by the
misfortunate of others. He laid a curse upon themallant:
bade them flee into the night, there to await whatever
fates would come to claim them. So terrified were thé
leaders of the organization by Dionysius' return from
death that they did just that, scattering into the datke
ness. Within the next five days, all of them lay dead
flesinexiice ble cienmmnces

Thereafter, Dionysius, his power first among they
took control of the cult, for there could be no doubtthit
such was ordained by' Persephone -herselfiaaan
Dionysius' fame spread through the shadows of thé
Grecian city-states. He was sought out by the rich and
the poor alike, all of them wanting to speak to a lait
father, a fallen son ora beloved grandmother. He tunel
away none who came with earnest intent, though hisgitt
remained unpredictable. Sometimes, he could put hifi
self into a deathlike trance and return with words ft
a loved one. Other times, the power would fail himandy
he would return whatever donation the seeker
brought and, with no small measure of sadness, send hem
on her way. Soon enough, word of Dionysius amazing
ability spread to even the deepest reaches of the nigh
and unto him was sent a visitor, traveling upon the
commandment of Cappadocius himself.

Japheth appeared to Dionysius one night inthe
vineyard, mantled with a chill mist and a hooded clog
ofa blackness so deep it looked to have been spun ofthe
stretches of night between the stars. Dionysius smile
broadly and without fear, and spoke, "My eyes cannil

show me whether youare man or ghost; my Sighttellsine
that you are both and neither." At the end of thatong
night's discussion, Dionysius accepted Japheth's Ei
brace. The Son of Cappadocius did not, howe
childe he had expected

Dionysius' natural good cheer, compa
optimism drew him away from Japheth's efforts
instruct him in the clan's Road of Bones and to
the tenets set forth in the Pact of Athens. Gifted
mortal man with powers over the underworld, hes
nore: eal reason to change who he was on accountoli

cae unt, Dionysius was still a beaut young
and he kept many lovers, Cainite and kine alike)

+ROAD OF SIN-

$$


Offered up the wine of his vineyard for wild revelry and
fave generously to the poor. Those who died penni-
Iss, he often claimed and buried at his own expense.
Dionysius cared for the living and the dead alike, just
ashe had when last he drew breath. Over the course
Oftime, other Cainites were drawn to him. Some came
to benefit by his prestigious ties of blood; others
Wished to associate themselves with his great good
fortune; and still others, hearing of Dionysius' progress
pon the Road of Humanity, came to hear whatever
secrets he had learned about that noble way. Within
afew centuries, he found himself surrounded by a
¢ourt of devotees, hangers-on and fellow walkers upon
the Road of Humanity and was pronounced, more or
ess by popular demand, the Prince of Athens.

To this night, Dionysius remains very much the
man he was when Japheth bore him into the everlast-
ingnight. He is more subdued now with the passage of
centuries, though his smile still comes easily and he is
@very bit the populist ruler he was when first the
Cainites of Athens raised him up to his station. All
Prodigals, regardless of affiliation, faith, clan or any-
thing else, are allowed within his domain, there to
engage in debate, politics, artistic endeavors or what-
tyer pastimes they might choose, so long as they heed
thecode of conduct set forth in the Pact of Athens

Currently, Dionysius laments the loss of Michael
the Patriarch, a staunch ally to Athens, and seeks
joung and capable Cainites to make connections for
him (for his alliances are now old, and with all of those
who went to their Final Deaths in the fall of the
Dream, much outdated) among the Greek Byzantine
Vampires, that they might begin to reestablish some-
thing of the glories of only a scant few decades ago. If
hecan be said to feel any real anger, Dionysius directs
ittoward the Latin conquerors upon the Via Regalis
Who (just as they did in days long ago) have come to
@aim that which rightfully belongs to the Greeks

Mannal, Rebellious Child of the Sultan
FDamascus
Th generation Toreador, childe of Darshuf
Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: Defender
Bmbrace: AD 878
Apparent Age: early 20s

Mannal met her sire, Darshuf, at a young age. As
One of the Ray'een al-Fen ("Patrons of the Arts"; the
Toreador), he had a great interest in her father, who
Was an architect; as she grew into an intelligent and
beautiful young woman, Darshuf took her under his
Wing, granting her the Embrace on her 22nd birthday
Hebecame like a father to heras the years wore on and

her mortal family withered and died. It was, by her
fecollection, a pleasant existence.

Then, the Baali came.

Darshuf at first turned a blind eye to their abhor-
rent practices, but soon came to revel in their

wickedness and cruelty. Mannal was horrified. This
was nothing like the gentle, creative soul who had
sired her into the night. Darshuf was slowly becoming

someone else, someone terrible. It was excruciating
for Mannal to watch, and she resolved to do some-
thing about it. Her cries for help, carried in the hands
of swift and discrete messengers, drew the attention of
the Assamite clan, who needed hear only the rumor of
Baali involvement to pique their interest. Soon, how-
ever, Mannal had more intrigues on her hands than
she could deal with. Some Assamites wished to hu-
miliate her clan in Damascus over some ancient
slight, supported by Lasombra who planned to stage a
coup. Some of her own clansmen supported the Baali,
and others wished to see Darshuf slain. The twisted
Lepers whispered secrets from the shadows and con-
spired to bring down all sides. All Mannal wanted was
for the Baali to be gone and for her sire to again exist
as the good man he once seemed to be.

Now, Mannal walks a dangerous line. Some
Cainites counsel her to seize the reins of power and
claim Damascus for her own, but she wants no part of
it. In her heart, she is still a young woman who loves
her sire and just wants him to be well again, free of the
awful ideals he has embraced under the guidance of
the monstrous Cainites with whom he now associates.
Thus, she works to protect Darshufs power, even as
she seeks to undermine his interests. It is a balancing
act that cannot long endure. Still, Mannal does her
best, working in secret; one night, she seeks to set the
Lasombra against the Assamites, another, she lays
subtle clues at the feet of the Lepers, trying to inspire
them to hunt down the Baali. Thus far, none have yet


discerned the degree to which she is exerting her
influence over Damascus, but it is only a matter of
time. What will happen then is anyone's guess, but it

is not apt to be pleasant.

Soachim, Grand Marshall of the
Twilight Order

6th generation warrior Salubri, Childe of Rebekah
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: AD 922

Apparent Age: mid teens

Joachim was born to war. His father was a career
mercenary, and he was raised (motherless, after the age of
three) in the company of fighting men. As a boy, he
sharpened blades, fletched arrows, mended armor and
otherwise learned fitting crafts for one who would one day
live and, in all likelihood die, by the sword. It was, by his
own account, a good life fora simple boy of no great means.
Good life or bad, though, it was by no means an
eptional life. Joachim first took up arms at the age of
ten, after a campaign gone awry devastated the company
and left it with few options but to gird its youths for
battle. He took to the life with earnest passion, neither
a bad warrior nor an excellent one. It could not be said
that Joachim enjoyed killing, for he was not a cruel or
hurtful young man; instead, he saw himself as a crafts-
man whose medium was war. He never really stopped to
consider that his work destroyed, rather than created. It
was ignorance, and not active malice, that made of him
akiller.

It was in the shadow of a fortress that no longer
stands and whose name he can no longer even remember
that Joachim lost his life. His heart was pierced by a stray
arrow and what strength he had quickly fled him.

e

darkness overtook him, the last thing he could remem
ber feeling was the tightness of his grip on his notched
long sword. In the darkness was no afterlife, no gods,
spirits or angels. There was no one and nothing to herald
Joachim onward into either salvation or damnation,
Death seemed to him a singularly disappointing phe
nomenon. Just as he began to realize that all of this was
actually happening, as the reality of his own demise had
just sunk in, Joachim's body burned with agony andhe
felt his soul wrenched out of that hateful darkness)
compelled to flow into his lifeless frame, to replace the
blood that had poured out of it. With a scream of pain
and defiance, Joachim fell from the bier onto which he
had been laid and stared into the eyes of his sire.

Rebekah could never adequately answer for Joachim
why she had chosen him of all the fallen on that
battlefield. Perhaps it was his youth and the innocence
she thought she saw in his pale and bloodless face,
Perhaps it was the ferocity with which his lifeless hand
gripped his sword, unwilling to surrender, even in death.
Maybe it was something else entirely. He would never
receive an answer and, truth be told, cared precious little
one way or the other. It was enough to Joachim to know
that he would not yet have to face that relentles
darkness.

Joachim was educated in the tenets of the Road of
Humanity and took well to them, but as was the casein
his mortal life, he lacked focus. He left Rebekah's
tutelage as aimless as he had been before she found him.
He went into the wilderness and sought refuge in battle,
attempting to find in familiar arts a balm for his melan-
choly. In the end, it proved to be of no comfort to him.
While he learned to fight with skill he had never before
possessed, his reasons for taking up arms were, if any-
thing, more frail and meaningless than ever they were
when he was mortal. The diablerie of Saulot, however,
changed all that.

Joachim, like many of his warrior brethren, quickly
learned of the cause of the Antediluvian's demise and
turned his fury upon the usurping Tremere. Though it
did not bring him any sense of fulfillment, such violence
at least gave him direction. Sadly, he watched many of
his kin succumb to the magics of the blood-sorcerers;
others fell to their own anger, losing themselves in the
obliterating embrace of the Beast. At last, Rebekah
herself broke under the weight of the wrath within her
soul, transformed into a ravening monster. When her
mindless rage was loosed upon the Tremere, many of
them vanished unto dust. At all other times, however, it
was the kine who suffered. For the first time in his
existence, Joachim knew what needed to be done. He
hunted down his own sire, even as the vendetta against
the Tremere raged; and when he found her, a farm gitl
broken and bloodless in her arms, he struck her down,

That night, Joachim abandoned the blood-feud
against the Tremere. He, like most of his surviving
clanmates, knew what was happening, and he wouldnot

*ROAD OF SIN-


waste his remaining nights in defiance of what had
already come to pass. He had sentenced to the Final
Death she who had saved him from his own mortality,
and he no longer feared the darkness that awaited him
—he had seen it reflected in her eyes, those eyes which
once looked upon him with such compassion when he
woke from death. Finally, Joachim had a cause.

Over the years since then, Joachim has gathered
those Prodigals who, like him, feel that the Soulless must
feseen to, that the House of Caine must be kept in order.
Once, he had a much greater hand in the affairs of the
fnighthood, but now it has become something very
much beyond his control. Joachim remains the spiritual
head of the Twilight Order, though only a very few
knights, his most trusted, even know of him now. All
told, he is happier with things being that way, for he
knows that the Order will survive him when at last the
Usurpers come to finish the bloody work they started.

Veronique d'Orléans

Véronique d'Orléans isa woman of many skills. She
isacapable politician among the Cainites of France (and
éven beyond); a staunch defender of her mortal friends
andallies; a strong warrior; a skilled healer; and a player,
even at her relatively extremely young age, in the War
of Princes. Sired because of her level-headedness and
intelligent responses to the quandaries put to her by her
sire, Véronique has never lost that streak of innovation
and forethought that set her apart from so many others.

Véronique's relationship with the Road of Human-
ityisan interesting one. She, like most, began her nights
asa Cainite terrified at the thought of what she had
become. Anguish and shame quickly subsided, however,
when Véronique came to accept that this was her lotand
that she had best make the most of it. While her sire, a
stong supporter of Julia Antasia and herself a Roman
Prodigal, obviously wished for Véronique to follow her
pon the Via Humanitatis, she left her childe's options
open and invited her to study the options for herself. In
theend, after much reflection and notalittle indecision,
Véronique came to the Road of Humanity, believing its
values to most closely mirror her own. Still, it was by no
means an instinctive, or even swift, choice. Sometimes,
shestill finds it difficult to reconcile the rage in her blood
and her anger over the actions of so many Cainites with
the Via Humanitatis' admonishments of forgiveness,
hope and compassion for all.

Now, Véronique is acknowledged by France's most
powerful Cainites and often works far beyond the borders
ofthe Courts of Love; one month, on an errand for Julia
Antasia, and another delivering a missive to Lord Mithras
in London for Esclarmonde the Black. She is, by any
sandards, an extraordinarily well-traveled person, and
some find it surprising that she finds as much time for the
Kine, whether members of her herd or simply her friends,
% she does. Accepting no recompense, she offers her
knowledge of medicine (a bit of the crafts of both her

apothecary father and her midwife mother) to the most
wretched and poverty-stricken folk. Some Cainites find it
strange that she allows her ghouls and other associates as
much autonomy (and tolerates as much dissent and even
derision from them) as she does. Still, Véronique finds
nothing wrong with this. It is, to her, a relationship built
on a more fundamental sense of friendship and proper
equality (in which all parties at least have the free will to
disagree) than that thrust by most Cainites upon their
servants. While many shake their heads in puzzlement,
none can argue with Véronique's apparent conversance
with the ways of her road, a familiarity she claims stems
purely from her willingness to live as ahuman being, rather
than trying to be either Cainite or kine

Profile

9th generation Brujah, childe of Portia

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: AD 1130

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Brawl 2, Commerce 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Hearth
Wisdom 1, Intimidation 2, Investigation 1, Leader-
ship 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Melee 3, Politics 3,
Ride 1, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Fortitude 1, Obfus-
cate 1, Potence 4, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Domain 3, Herd
4, Influence 1, Resource: Retainers 3, Status 2
Road: Humanity 8

Conscience: 4, Self-Control: 4, Courage: 4, Will-

power: 7


Bertrand) Anjou, Benitent Crusader

Bertrand was there when the fateful words, "Deus
vult!" ("God wills it!") sparked the Crusades. Inspired
by the message of Bernard de Clairvaux, the third son
of a powerful lord girded for battle and departed
French shores to reclaim the Holy Lan" from the
Saracens. He was among those who broke the defense
at Jerusalem, and his thirst for Muslim blood was not
easily slaked. By his own recollections, Bertrand prob-
ably killed no fewer than thirty men — and, he now
admits, an equal number of women and children. His
mindlesszeal was matched only by hisswordsmanship.
Neither went unnoticed.

Bertrand was among those who remained in the
Holy Land, there to maintain Christian dominion
over Jerusalem. In part, he did so in order to serve the
Cross and, in part, to perhaps eventually be given land
and title of his own. He had been there for only a year
when vengeance came to claim him. Bertrand was
struck down from behind by a Saracen assassin who
appeared as though from thin air. Bleeding badly, the
young knight rolled away from his assailant and drew
his sword. It was only then that Bertrand realized that
the enemy he faced was a woman. He saw the hatred
and sorrow in the eyes that stared at him from over the
veil, and as he imagined her husband or perhaps even
children slain by his own hand, the enormity of his
crimes fell upon his shoulders like a great weight.
Stunned by the realization of what evils he had wrought,
evils that would move this graceful slip of a woman to
take up arms in violence against him, Bertrand col-
lapsed to the ground, dropping his weapon as his grip
suddenly went slack. The rage in the woman's stare
wavered for just an instant and Bertrand whispered,
"[''m sorry."

The anticipated deathblow never came. In-
stead, the woman tore away her veil and fell on him
with enough strength to bear Bertrand to the ground
as though he were an infant. Within hours, he
awoke as one of the Banu Hagim. "Now," his sire
told him, "you have eternity with which to make
amends for your deeds, and we shall see if you are
truly as sorry as you would have me believe." After
that, Bertrand disappeared for years, enduring train-
ing at the hands of harsh taskmasters among the
Assamites. His mastery of the martial skills was
ignored, in favor of an acquaintance with the art,
philosophy, culture and religion of those he had
despised. Bertrand entered the tutelage of the Banu
Hagim as an ignorant outsider and left it as a man
of great erudition and heavy sorrow.

In these nights, Bertrand dwells once more in
Jerusalem, often garbed in the manner of a simple
craftsman. The slow darkening of his flesh ma
fit in better than he ever did as a mortal man.

protects the very Muslims he once persecuted. Since
the recent reversion of Jerusalem to European hands
(and the subsequent swell of power among European
Cainites) he has had much cause to be vigilant. While
he walks among Cainite titans such as the Lioness of
Jerusalem, Bertrand's attentions are devoted to the
lowliest among kine. Though great and powerful
elders in the Holy Land orchestrate the very fate ofthe
Race of Caine, the repentant warrior finds purpose in
protecting the weak outside his very door. With quiet
approval, elders among the Assamites note that it
seems even the most abhorrent of the Franj can find
redemption and a noble purpose.

Profile

11th generation Assamite vizier, childe of Layla bint
Nadr

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: 1100 AD

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 4, Alertness 2, Athletics 2)
Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Etiquette 3, Intimida-
tion 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Seneschal
1, Stealth 1, Subterfuge 2, Survival 1, Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Fortitude 1, Obfus-
cate 1, Presence 1, Quietus 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Domain 3, Herd
2, Mentor 3, Resources 2

Road: Humanity 7

Conscience: 4, Self-Control: 3, Courage: 4, Will-
power: 6

t

JAD-OF §


BANISHED BROM LIFE

till hunaan..We mist ;
and Man with j joy:in c
a ab

ryt
and the niok6 mp.
J herein. Come walk Mie ia Hey nanit

mplates ‘Suit ale

TORUD Dig OL DLR IGN ESS

[ rere
