# File: Sandman.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

The Sandmen Sourcebook or Wraith: The Oblivion
Guildbook Two



"And I pray you let none of your people stir me: i have
an exposition of sleep come upon me."
— William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream


Pe aegiltecte =A Lo

SS Bi eS

Credits

Written by: Beth Fischi

Development by: Richard Dansky

Editing by: Laura Perkinson

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Direction by: Aileen E. Miles, Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Richard Clark, Henry Higgenbotham, Andrew
Ritchie, E. Allen Smith

Border Art: John Cobb
Front and Back Cover Design by: Aileen E. Miles
Layout and typesetting by: Kathleen A. McCaskill

a q [ gor 780 Punk NowTH BLvD

ie Sal)

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Wraith: The Oblivion, Wraith Players Guide,
and Guildbook: Sandmen are trademarks and copy-
rights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies
or products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

4 Sandmen

\S ><

ES San, om

Special Thanks to:
Phil "I Like Sex. I Don't Like Cheese." Brucato, for
elucidating his preferences waaaaay too early one Sunday.

Remy "Martha Stewart" Blaine, for adding those cute
little curtains and skulls.

Bill "Upwardly Mobile" Bridges, for agonizing over that
giant next step.

Joshua "Angry Fruit" Timbrook, for his undisputed
limbo mastery.

Charles "Elvish Ghost Rider" Bailey, for introducing
edged weapons to the accounting department.

Ben "Are You Going to Finish That?" Monk, for prov-
ing that there is such a thing as a free lunch.

Ian "Hurlbear" Lemke, for his unique approach to the
3-legged race.

Cynthia "Swiss Miss" Summers, for her part in the
grave-robbing expeditions.

Yury "Don't Even Think About It" Zak, for keeping us
updated on the accounting dustbowl.

Kathleen "4 Years Punning" Ryan, for making an offer-
ing of Marduc.

Jennifer "Saucy Arcanoi" Hartshorn, for knowing just
what she wanted out of the Dark Ages.

Author's Dedication:

To you, from Grasshopper

A thousand apologies to Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook for misspelling his name in the credits for
Dark Reflections: Spectres.


Table of Contents

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part 2 1
Lever de Rideau b
Act i: Somnus Uncloaked | 1
Acti: Somnus People 9 i | /
Act ii: Systems g iNY
Act iV: ..And We Are Merely Players 5 4
Epilogue: The Big Players

ras Se aa od ae a:

a oF

Fy

Ghos

A Road o Stee
and Soul

Learn the power of life, that you may use it even in death.
— The Lady of Fate, to Charon

Part 2: Sacrifices

| read Siklos, Charon's blade, cast a sinis-
WaP<)| ter glow across twelve masked faces as
Thusimos held it aloft. "There is the

might of Charon: cleft asunder!"

Gy,

The ancient sickle, a curved blade
forged from the souls of Stygia's worst trai-
tors, gleamed wickedly in the crimson
candlelight. A product of Nhudri's craftsmanship, the sickle
smelled of salty blood and sea, a scent which pervaded the
room until one could not escape the feeling that Siklos had
tasted the centuries much more keenly than even the most
venerable of Stygian wraiths. The heavy blade arched with
the grace of an sin into a long handle ending in a grip
that, like Charon's former rule, was wide and strong. Siklos
dominated the room; its shadow swallowed the mere figures
of the wraiths there, as if Charon himself were present.

Ory.

Behind the onlooking masks, Lord Ember's eyes widened
the most, revealing a momentary recognition which heated
quickly into the fiery furnace of an Artificer's anger. "Sand-
man, how dare you try to fool us with your cheap parlor tricks!"

Thusimos, the ancient bard, smiled behind his mask;
Ember was not stupid. "Yet, my Lord Artificer, you of all of us
best know Siklos' soul. You know her intricacies, her curves,
her subtle inlays, and the fine luster of her steel. Would you
not say that what you have before you is a curiously accurate
representation?"

Ember thought a moment, reluctance to agree plainly
evident in his hesitation. His craving for control of the meet-
ing as rightful "Master of the Eldest Guild" was transparent
to everyone present. "My dear Lord Thusimos — if that is
indeed your name — to be frank, I have never seen a more

accurate fraud. Yet it is your turn to speak; why waste our
time on spectacles?"

"Because spectacles, as you so inaccurately call this illu-
sion, will ultimately save us time. My Lord Ember, how do
you suppose I came by such an accurate representation of
Siklos — guesswork? Witnesses? Facsimiles?"

Before the Artificer could retort, the portly Oracle inter-
rupted, as Thusimos had prearranged for her to do. "Rubbish!
Everyone knows how secretive Charon was with Siklos. Few
even knew what the sickle looked like. They say that because
Charon and Siklos were linked somehow, he kept the blade
locked away in the armory under special guard until such time
as he needed it." She put her hands on her ample hips. "I can't
vouch for the accuracy of detail like our illustrious Artificer
here, but if Ember says this Siklos is realistic, then there's some-
thing strange going on. Has the Sandman seen Siklos"" The
portly Oracle cast a sidelong glance at Thusimos.

Behind his mask, Thusimos raised a quizzical eyebrow.
What was that misbegotten Oracle up to? He'd paid her to
hint at questions, not to pose them. Perhaps it had been a
mistake to trust her subtlety.

"As a matter of fact, yes I have seen her, and lately, too."
An expected gasp from the audience, his part duly redeemed.

The Chanteur, clearly an impostor with an undernourished
sense of restraint, nearly rose to his feet. "Then Siklos has been
found?" Thusimos glanced surreptitiously at Ember, reading keen
interest and concern in those stern, coal-black eyes.

The Sandman, warming to his role, hefted the Siklos il-
lusion and laid the blade flat across his palm. Nursing the
pause, he pretended to examine Siklos carefully, then gave
one sharp nod, as if deciding to disclose important informa-
tion. As he slipped Siklos beneath his black robes, the illu-
sion disappeared.

"Has Siklos been found? Perhaps, although it is more
likely that Siklos has allowed herself to be found." Thusimos
paused, allowing the so-called "Guildmasters" to ponder this
information. "I caution you that what I am about to say must
not be discussed beyond these walls except with the utmost
caution. If the Deathlords hear that Siklos has emerged, the
race to find Charon is lost."

The Guildmasters seemed to lean forward in their
Stygian-steel chairs, their masks carmine under the flicker-
ing candlelight. The eyes of some, like Ember and the Par-
doner, revealed both grave skepticism and dark concern, while
others, the Masquer foremost among them, simply looked
spooked. The way Thusimos wanted them.

"Lord Ember, when last we met, you spoke of nightmares
that older mortals were experiencing — nightmares of Charon
and Gorool, nightmares indicating that someone — or some-
thing — had promised Gorool a sacrifice. Yet you, Pardoner,
and you, Oracle, do not remember Gorool calling for his sac-
tifice as he emerged from the waves. This discrepancy con-

Guildbook: Sandmen

cerned me, as dreams are the concern of Sandmen. Thus, I
began to monitor the dreams of these Quick." Thusimos
leaned with both hands on the hand-wrought table. "Night
after night, I returned to them — and indeed in them Gorool
demanded his sacrifice. One night, however, just a few weeks
after our meeting, I sensed another entering these nightmares,
quietly, methodically, patiently altering each dream. He erased
Gorool's demand for his sacrifice, and thus the implication
that a traitor had betrayed Charon."

Ember's eyes widened behind the cracked, blackened skin
that let him cover his visage without a mask. "Then a Sand-
man has turned traitor!"

The other Guild representatives began to whisper animat-
edly amongst themselves, but Thusimos raised a quieting hand.
"Not so hasty, my Lord! Shortly after my discovery, our Guild
apprehended this wraith. Ember, I am sorry to say that he had
the sooty hands of an Artificer, an Artificer who happened to
know the Sandman's art. These same hands carried the blade
of Charon, which our Guild wrested from him. Under brief
questioning, he admitted to having betrayed Charon; in re-
turn, Gorool promised to give him Siklos. He told us that his
presence was an embarrassment to my Lord Ember's Guild, for
he, having heard from Gorool himself that Charon had en-
tered the Labyrinth, had determined to follow Charon there
and dispatch him with Siklos, Charon's own blade."

"Ridiculous!" Ember, who had been sitting stiffly with
his gavel in hand, erupted. "Artificers are loyal to the Guild
— everyone knows that. Enough of these wild fairy tales. Who
else wishes to speak?"

"I do," whispered a dangerous-sounding voice from the
shadows in the back of the room. The Harbinger stood with
panther-like grace and quiet ease, her eyes black as midnight.
"I do, and I say we hear out the Dreamcrafter. There is more
to his tale than meets the ear."

She sat, everything but the lacquered shine from her black
half-mask receding into the shadows. An uncomfortable si-
lence fell. Then the Oracle rose with a determined stare at
Ember, while addressing the Harbinger. "Very well then, Vaga-
bond. Lord Thusimos, tell us, where is this traitor now?"

Thusimos nodded sagely, as if expecting such a question,
secretly grateful to the Guild Elders for permitting him to
buy off the Oracle; she had a certain staunch belligerence
that bullied others into compliance.

"Regrettably, the traitor escaped with Siklos."

"Pah! What did I tell you about fairy tales?" Ember spat
the words.

"We Sandmen are artists, Lord Ember, not warriors; the
Artificer knew that when he overcame our guards. But if you
want evidence, I must remind you that information about
Siklos' appearance is hard to come by."

The Chanteur, feet now propped on the table, added in an
instigative sing-song voice, "He's gota point there, Master Flame."

‘ z oh od


"If | may continue?" Thusimos paused. He had done it a
thousand times before: give them just enough information to
hang by, let them make fools of themselves, then explain why
they're such fools. It was a standard dreamscripting formula,
but one, as the "Guildmasters" aptly demonstrated, that still
worked. "When this Artificer" — he lingered on the word —
"escaped, we followed. And followed — right into the very
mouth of the Labyrinth. Yet, we found ourselves afraid, for
there on the dusky threshold of the Veinous Stair, Siklos —
Siklos! the blade that couldn't be broken! — lay snapped in
two, her moans chilling to the ear. Boulders the size of wag-
ons had been cleft in half, and ten-foot gouges like claw marks
marred the marbled face of rock near the Labyrinth's maw.
The Artificer was nowhere to be seen, but we heard strange
clanging echoes receding into the mazes of the Labyrinth far
below. Needless to say, we quickly retrieved Siklos and left —
and have kept her under our stewardship since."

"So, for the last two weeks you Sandmen have been with-
holding vital information from us." The Harbinger's voice cut
into the conversation like an icy wind.

"Not withholding, no. We are proposing that you, as
representatives of each of your Guilds, return and discuss
this information with them. To be frank, because the Arti-
ficers have already played some as yet undetermined role in
this escapade, we are unsure whether or not it is safe to re-

veal Siklos before discovering what that role was. One ques-

tion we are asking ourselves — and we encourage you to ask

the same of your Guilds — is whether or not to reforge Siklos.
If this council considers it, we must also ask oursel

whether or not we want the Artificers' Guild to reforge her

unassisted

"These insults are unwarranted," Ember's bass rumble

echoed through the chamber, "the envious strikes of defanged
vipers. Our Guild has long stood for ethical and honest con-
duct; to suggest otherwise is ludicrous." His gavel struck the
table twice: "I move that the Sandmen's Guild produce Siklos
for all of us to see."

"Oh, we have no quarrel with that," Thusimos smiled.
"We simply do not want Siklos disappearing when it goes into
the forges. I move that we adjourn this meeting until the
Guilds have had a chance to discuss these issues amongst
themselves."

The Oracle still stood, her hands resting on the table.
She shook her head in disapproval. "We need to talk over a
few more issues before we adjourn." Some of the other
Guildmasters began to grumble.

"Such as?" Ember's growing impatience filled the room
like a burning fuse.

"Following the traitor's trail before it grows cold. Find-
ing more evidence against him."

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls


"Choosing volunteers from each of the Guilds to enter
the Labyrinth." The
tone teemed with suggestion: namely, the probability that

Harbinger's cold, silky voice cut in. Her

none of these volunteers would return, that perhaps nothing
would come of their sacrifices. It was as if she knew Thusimos'
most secret thoughts and yet, for some unfathomable and
deeply disturbing reason, w

rying to help him. If he were
alive, he'd be sweating with fear.

"Aye, to enter the Labyrinth with the reforged Siklos,"
added Ember.

The Chanteur winked. "Can't wait to get your sooty
hands on that blade, can you, Lord Forge?" Ember shot the
singer a poisonous glance.

"[ suggest," Thusimos interrupted before fighting broke
out, "that we adjourn, discuss these issues, and, yes, find vol-
unteers amongst each of our Guilds — as Dame Harbinger
counsels — to enter the Labyrinth both in search of the trai-
tor and of Charon. I would add, however, that it would be
wise not to assure your volunteers that they will carry Siklos,
for we have not yet collectively approved her reforging."

wmoMoCoCOCoPe DO

As the room cleared, Thusimos withdrew into a shad-
owed niche and entered a trance. Every time he slipped into
a Dreamscape, he dreamt of the glorious sunlight warming

10 Guildbook: Sandmen
SF OO

his cold body and splashing the landscape with a dazzling ar-
ray of colors — colors the dolorous gray Underworld lacked.

Before him, three half-masked Sandmen, the Elders,
beckoned for him to enter their amphitheater. Thusimos
bowed and passed between the stolid stone benches ringing
the open stage.

Each of the Elders, as well as Thusimos, regularly met
there in a collective dream. The three "owned" this amphi-
theater dreamscape, the stage where they performed their plays
when the mood suited them. While Thusimos' presence al-
tered small portions of their dreamscape, such as the brilliance
of the sun and the verdure of the grass, the amphitheater it-
self remained a constant, a prearranged meeting place for
personal conclaves such as this.

Thusimos bowed again, this time with flourish. "The
meeting went well; we adjourned still contemplating the is-
sues of reforging Siklos and following the traitor into the Laby-
rinth."

The Elders nodded graciously in unison, as was their
habit. As if with one voice, they spoke. "Then they are con-
vinced of the traitor?"

Thusimos nodded pensively and sat on a stone bench
nearby, the seat of which gave, as if made of straw. "I'm sure

that they discuss the question of the traitor even now, al-


though it was clear that many among them were skeptical —
as they should be. Still, they seemed ready to entertain the
idea of pursuit."

The Elders' dour faces cracked into smiles. "Good, good.
We want to keep them occupied while we find Charon."

Phaenos, a gray-bearded figure garbed in white linen and
sandals and the tallest of the three Elders, seated himself next
to Thusimos. "We've been receiving complaints of Charon's
dreams, similar to your own, while you were gone. Slumber-

ing Dreamcrafters and other Shadowland sensitives have been
dreaming of Gorool and Charon." The Elder placed a gnarled
hand on Thusimos' knee. "We've even received reports that
afew Sygian Sandmen are experiencing these nightmares.
The Deathlords won't long remain ignorant, though we're
trying our best to silence the reports."

"Have you collected the dreams?"

"Indeed. Akhshephat keeps them." Phaenos nodded to-
ward Akhshephat, the thin Egyptian Elder, who graciously
bowed his head. "Why, do you wish to review them?"

While Thusimos did not like leaving his corpus un-
guarded in the secret Guild council room as his mind flitted
into the Dreamscape — especially after insulting Ember as
he had — his curiosity would not be ignored. "A brief glimpse."

The dreams were all similar: The reptilian horror named
Gorool rising out of the murky depths to confront Charon on

his puny skiff. Siklos, glowing red with hunger, the might of
her dreaming souls pitched against Gorool in high battle. The
whirlpool into which Charon and Siklos, then Gorool, dis-
appeared. And, of course, no dreams of Gorool demanding
sacrifices, nor dreams of traitors exchanging Charon for Siklos
A fiction for the Guilds.

That moment of Charon's disappearance concerned
Thusimos, however. He recalled the last time he touched
Siklos, after he found her washed ashore on the black sands
north of the Weeping

something in Siklos; not a conscious mind or a conglomerate

Bay. His touch must have awakened

of fractured thoughts from the forged souls Nhudri destroyed
to create her, but the anguished dreams of someone, or some-
thing, intimately known to and knowingof Charon. To touch
Siklos' dreams was to touch Charon in the last moments of

his sacrifice: in her dreams, his journey was not one into

Oblivion, but a journey into the horrific depths of his own

madness and out again into the peace of self-acceptance —
and then out yet again into...nothingness. That was Charon's
real disappearance, not the moment when he and Gorool
vanished into the gargantuan whirlpool.

Thusimos touched Siklos again in his mind, even as he
returned to the Elders' dreamscape. Despite having practiced
the Sandman's art for over two millennia, the Dreamerafter
still found Siklos' dreams alien and not altogether trustwor-


thy. Viewed from afar, her dream images were disjointed, a
cracked mirror, and as painful as if twisting a broken leg in
two directions at once. Viewed close, the images coalesced
into a strangely comprehensible dream about Charon's disap-
pearance. As she balanced in Charon's ghostly palm before
the final battle, Thusimos understood Siklos' hunger not to
be a craving to rip into Gorool's corpus, but rather to taste of
it and to delight. She was bound to Charon and his will, but
her secret appetite was to betray him and Stygia. Gorool's
flesh was sweet with that taste, for Gorool (the shock of her
revelation still rattled Thusimos) was a manifestation of
Charon's Shadow. The moment Siklos bit into Charon's de-
mon, she tasted their similarity; she made Thusimos, touch-
ing her dreams, taste it. Gorool tasted of monstrosity, and
filled Thusimos' imagination with horrors beyond the night-
mares even the Sandman had known.

Siklos dreamed obsessively of Charon's battle with his
Shadow as they descended, whipped around a frothing, sav-
age whirlpool a mile wide, and sucked down into the sluggish
oily currents at the bottom of the Sunless Sea. The blade's
dream images filled Thusimos' mind: Charon, tossed like a
doll in the whirlpool, yet clinging to Siklos and slashing at
Gorool in desperation; Gorool thrashing wildly but still seek-
ing to spear Charon on its razored claws. Charon's mind a
whirlpool of emotion, desperation to save Stygia from his own

worst mistakes: wraiths blinded to pay passage into the Un-
derworld for lack of coin; the hellish blaze of Kyklops and the
forging of the first wailing souls; the slaughter of the malcon-
tents to quiet unrest; the closing of his eyes to secret experi-
ments on Renegades; the painful compromises with Stygian
Senators and the slow erosion of long-held ideals. As the cen-
turies progressed, the mistakes worsened: the banishment of
the Ferrymen; the abuse and binding of Thralls; the sacking
of temples; the disbanding of the Guilds; the Great Evacua-
tion; the enslavement of wastrels; the determined and ha-
bitual disregard of his own conscience about oboli produc-
tion; the encouragement of the Underworld soul-trade.
Siklos showed the centuries depositing each crime or
misdemeanor on top of the other in fossilized layers, until the
archaeology of Charon's Shadow seemed a sentient force in-
tent on consuming Stygia and all of Charon's other accom-

plishments. Thusimos remembered living through Charon's

transgressions even as he had floundered within Siklos'
dreams. Yet, though he disagreed with many of Charon's ac-
tions, he still recognized that the Reaper had accomplished
much. As the Sandman dug into Siklos' fractured nightmares,
he watched Charon wrestle with Gorool under the Sea of
Sorrows, pierced by the Malfean's iron claws and tormented
by its thoughts. Gorool pressed the weight of Charon's mis-
takes into him like a blade into the heart, and Siklos scarcely

patried. But from somewhere deep within him, Charon had
dredged up memories of his accomplishments, which entered
Siklos' dreams like venom: the inspiration of the Ferrymen;
nth; the stability of the
Stygian Republic in its founding days; the genius of the road
system; the doctrine of Lux Veritas; the saving of the City of

the rescue of Nhudri from the Laby

the Dead; the building of the sea-wall around the Isle of Sor-
rows; the original intent behind the Dictum Mortuum; the
stability of the Hierarchy during the chaos of the Black Death;
the attempt to ease Stygia's overcrowding by founding
Necropoli; and, most important of all, Charon's final deci-
sion to sacrifice himself to save Stygia. In that moment of
realization, Siklos' dreams registered utter nothingness:
Charon and Gorool disappeared, and Siklos, in her night-
mares, fell ownerless to the floor of the Sea, her dreaming
thoughts groping for Charon's mind.

At the time, Thusimos had not the faintest hint of what
had become of Charon, but now, as he returned to the Elders,
he had been given a working theory. All the evidence sug-
gested that Charon had incarnated himself in the world of
the Quick, sacrificing his rule to save his people — or per-
haps to save part of himself. Elder Dreamcrafters quietly specu-
lated that somehow, in a blaze of self-acceptance, Charon had
consumed his Eidolon and his Shadow to save Stygia and to
save himself: He insinuated his soul into that of a newborn,
retaining no memories, no plans — only his dreams (and these,
it seemed, only by accident). There, in the Sunlit Lands, he
grew up, fell in love, and began to die without any knowledge
of the Empire of Death that awaited him. Even now, Thusimos

believed, Charon could be out there, an aging man among
the Quick, the native power of his spirit broadcasting the last
nightmarish moments of its sacrifice to all those who were
dying around him. Even now, the Dreammasters theorized,
Charon's second death could mean the lowering of the Shroud
and the beginning of a new age.

Thusimos and his Guild believed they had to find Charon
before the Grim Reaper died again, before the Deathlords
discovered what had become of him, before the Reapers har-
vested him. It was well that the other Guilds were occupied
with the vain search for Charon in the Labyrinth and were
distracted by talk of traitors, and the more thoroughly the
Artificers were implicated in the whole complex charade, the
better for the rest of the Guilds. Still, Thusimos was taking a
risk in misleading the others, and he knew it even in the name
he had chosen, "Fit for sacrifice." If the Sandmen failed to
find Charon or the Guilds became desperate, Thusimos be-
came the scapegoat. It was his risk — his alone.

Thinking of Charon and Siklos, Thusimos returned to
the Elders and the amphitheater. The Elders were sculpting
dream-birds as the vision of the amphitheater gelled around
him. Thusimos stepped into the dream and coughed politely
to draw their attention to him. "Thank you, Akhshephat,
but the dreams contained little of interest."

Akhshephat turned and smiled, a toothless, watery-eyed,
white-stubbled grin, like that of so many old men Thusimos had
seen. "So, will you continue your search for Charon, Thusimos?"

With the dark glimmer of humor in his eye, the old bard
winked. "Akhshephat, I would do anything for a good story."



<

ever de Rideau

Every artist dips his brush into his own soul, and paints his

own nature into his pictures

RRA

— Henry Ward Beecher, Proverbs from Plymouth Pulpit

Welcome, Dreamers

nter The Narrator, an actor garbed as a
masked mime whose body appears the same
in the front as it does in the back. He carries
an obsidian cane, tipped with a metal moon
that provides the only illumination on stage.
In his right hand, he carries a small pouch

The Narrator: My good audience, as
you have gathered together to hear me weave a tale of dreams
and terrors, phantasms and phantoms, indulge this old actor
by permitting a brief soliloquy concerning the nature of the
Sandmen who spin such webs of illusion and reality.

First, know that I consider myself a Sandman, and believe
that you novices who come to hear my tales have within you
the stuff of Sandmen. We are, above all, artists — dancers of
the mind, painters of the soul, sculptors of the imagination.
Nothing attracts us so much as a player in search of a play, or a
dreamer in search of a dream. They are very much the same
thing. You will learn this, for you are dreamers and actors.

And tonight you have entered our play
Beguilers, Dreamcrafters, or Sandmen — whichever name
you choose for us, we share an uncanny talent for plumbing

the secrets of the soul, dusting them off, and setting them out
for display. But before you condemn us for making of the heart
an artist's toy, consider that by showcasing the heart's trea
sures, we may heal the soul. We may also set the spirit atwinge,
but those are the dangers of touching raw truth: mundane
practicality and blind morality do not bind our hands. Illu-
sion and reality, however the dreamer produces them, are clay

to be sculpted. Our dreams dance freely between the two,
like a pure valley maiden who, dancing between two slopes,
plucks flowers of great beauty from‘both.

Sandmen, then, are those who create and travel between
the two worlds of reality and illusion, of life and death, never
defining either, never allowing either to be defined. We seek
tribute, but only an actor's tribute; we desire to be remem-
bered, but only passionately. We are, in short, playwrights of
consciousness, we seek remembrance in the stuff of dreams
and the fleeting wisps of memory that haunt mortals' minds.

The Narrator unties and reaches into the small pouch as he
speaks. With his last line, he casts the contents, a handful of glit-
tering Sand, into the eyes of the audience.

Lever de Rideau 15



Ac

pologue

nter The Narrator, Moliated into The
Dreamer, dressed black on black, against a
black velvet curtain. Her face, bloodless
white, plays against ebony eyes like holes.
She carries an obsidian cane, its tip a metal-
sculpted moon. Incandescent stage lights
shine up from below the proscenium, elon-

gating her features.

The Dreamer: The dream always begins with Lord Somnus'
sad, infinite eyes. His body crystallizes into an ebon prism as
names, words, fly past me — The Sculptor, God of Essence, The
Eldest Sandman, Grace and Beauty Incarnate, Darkness, Mad-
ness, Passion, Muse and Terror — all the names we mortals have
given him since our ancestors first learned to dream. To me, he
is Somnus, Creator of Dreams, Dweller in Nightmares.

A black flash, and he walks with me again through the
landscape of legend, where everything rings truer than in our
waking reality. He whispers to me then the secrets of the
unawakened world:

Long ago, before even Mysteries were created, Somnus
walked the Beyond alone. His was pristine potency, energy and
void bound up in one another, perfectly incomprehensible to
our matter-bound minds and scattered spirits. But his dream-
ing grew brittle, even as Somnus came to feel alone, and thus

Somnus Uncloaked

Vv
Vv

he dreamed up the Gods: Bios (Life), Thanatos (Death),
Hedone (Lust), Filia (Love), Mania (Madness), and a host of
lesser gods. Struck with longing, he invested the Gods with
the power to dream, to create. And dream they did, shaping a
world of lesser immortals for whom dreaming was existence.
Such was the collective power of their dreaming that, in the
time that followed, it became reality and consciousness as we
now know them. Somnus loved the sublimity of his creation,
and all was well.

Unbeknownst to Somnus, however, Bios had gradually
begun to unbalance the symmetry inherent in the vast dream.
Wanting to create a Waking World, he gathered his power and
roused the immortals one by one.

Immortals made mortal, cut off from the Dream Lord: that
is what we now are. Yet, although the world is awakening,
Somnus' power remains the keystone of existence: Without
dreams, all the Gods and all the immortals become nothing,
mere memories of figments of Somnus' dreams. And thus, to
continue to exist, we mortals must return nightly to his Realm,
for that is the source of our strength, our being. We are the
Entranced.

When Somnus learned that Bios had allied with Hedone to
create a race of wakened immortals, he summoned Thanatos,
Filia, and Mania to his side. They were to contain Bios and

Act I: Somnus Uncloaked 17


Hedone, and, indeed, even with Somnus' ebbing but significant
power, this was all they could manage, such was Bios' potence.
In the meantime, Bios had created a formidable servant, Stasis,
who begot innumerable lesser evils in his image.

Somnus dreams to me how much Stasis has grown, gnaw-
ing away like a cancer at the immortality of our dreaming
spirits as each year passes. He awakens me to the wrenching
pain of Stasis' claws tearing at my own spirit.

A few hundred years ago — by our measurements, for
the Gods do not know Time — Stasis had grown so powerful
that it threatened to become Bios' master. It has twisted and
flattened the dreams of the Gods, and now threatens to undo
all that Lord Dream he

Somnus whispers that, in life, certain mortals touch their

created.

dreams with such pure passion that they return to their im-
mortal essence upon death. Among these immortal mortals,
there is a group beloved by Somnus known as Sandmen. With
a distant fondness in his dark voice, he calls them his little
dreaming ghosts. And y
him than mere pets. They
soldiers with a will to restore the sanctity of the Dream, to
loosen Stas
creativity through ritual, and, ultimately, to rescue and re-
store the Gods to balance. There are others in this army of
dreams, he says with a mysterious glint in his eye, but every-

» it is clear that they are more to

re soldiers in his army of dreams,

' chokehold on the living, to renew the role of

one must work alone. The irony is that these Sandmen obey

their dreams simply because they enjoy it, and not out of any
sense of moral necessity.

Regrettably, Stasis grips the Sandmen, too. Like the Gods,
these dream wraiths have become twisted; their dreams, at
worst, dark and sinister but devoid of content. Their most

twisted representatives cause the Entranced to fear their

dreams, not to find inspiration in them, while all the while,
Stasis feeds off these aberrations.
In the meantime, the Gods are ailing. We immortals have

fallen. Inspiration is dying. And Somnus' eyes are downe

Dream and illusion mystify mortals. Few are the beings who
comprehend their depths enough to shape them into art. Among
these beings, we Sandmen cultivate such mysteries, create beauty
for the Restless in a land devoid of it, and stir dark wonder in
the hearts of men. We touch the longing for death, Thana-
tos, in all souls and transform it into peace or madness.

Still, while we are blessed with power over the soul's eye,
our art is condemned to carry with it the taint of death. Twisted
fancy curses our art, and the vitality of the living mind, un-
fettered with obsessions, evades us, though the worst of us
dare not admit it. It is said among the Restless that the tran-

sition into death has skewed our perception of the mind. Thus,
while we understand the living soul and its dreams, we can-
not recreate its elusive essence. We Sandmen have witnessed
the transformation of our world of light into a world of deep

darkness, and our souls will never be quite the same.


Scene |: History ofthe

Sanden

nter The Narrator, his face a mask of amused
mystery. He has changed his clothes — his
scarf, wisps of opal-covered silk; his shirt, an
African print that shifts and changes in the
light; his black tights revealing a fencer's well-
muscled legs. A yellow light shines in a pool
about his shoulders, as he leans on an obsid-
ian cane tipped with a cast-metal moon

The Narrator: My beloved audience, an excerpt from
the diaty of one dying, given to his loved one. He has culled
yeats of dreams into these observations and, while their fac-
tuality is always questionable, their truth is eternal...

The Sandimen of Stygia and the West

My love, as you knovv, over the past tere years Jive taken notes of my
Arcams, wrhich seem to be more vivid and real than those of anyone else
Ive talked to. The most common Areamethread J experience is that of
ghosts — not just any ghosts, but ones who appear in Arcams to teach
and guide you, and sometiones just to scare you with nightmares abont the
aftertife, In my Areams, these ghosts sometimes call themselves Gandmen,
semetines Dreamerafters or Begniters. They can alter your dreams to
suit their whims, or they can stip your soul from your body and carry it
back with them to the lands of the dead. They have been around as tong
as man has been mortal, for they are the spirits of dead men.

The fottorving essay is the result of a decade of painstaking work
piecing together the fragments of jotted-Aocvn Arcams. Many references
init come from the other diary J gave you, outlining my understanding of
the aftertife as a cvhole. You have been patient wvith me thronghont these
ten years, my Cove, and for that J thank you. J hope this meager essay and
the diary fragments that follocy constitute in some strange vay A repay-
ment for your belief in me. — Cs

Although contemporary Sandmen find their most apt
metaphor in the theatrical tradition, the roots of the Oneiric
culture stretch deep into the origins of mysticism. In the early
centuries of Western humanity, those who practiced the
dreaming arts after death consisted of the few and insightful
elite: oracles, tribal leaders, priests, priestesses, seers, and
prophets. Their modern connection to the theater can be seen
even in the classical Greek words for "oracle" (thespisma) and
"inspired by God" (thespis) — the roots of the word thespian,
or actor.

With the spread of agriculturalism, a mystical connection
with the seasons evolved, and became the basis for thousands


Phe
, "i eee oto -

of different expressions of art and ritual. Among the most
well-represented in the Underworld were the Egyptian, Greek,

Roman, and Hebrew mystics. Sandmen from these went by a

variety of names and emphasized different aspects of dream-
ing and reality than do their contemporary colleagues, but
they understood the importance of dreams and reality in much
the same manner. Ancient Egyptian Beguilers saw their con-
trol of dreaming le

of an individual's psyche for dramatic inspiration than as a

as a means of plumbing the private depths

means of guiding mortals to certain goals via prophecy and
visions of the gods. Nonetheless, like today's Sandmen, the
ancient ones viewed dreaming as a means to touch humanity's
inner being. Dreamcrafters would send prophetic dreams of
floods and plagues to the priests and other mystics who had
taken up their mantle. Through dreams, they hoped to shep-
herd their former followers along the paths of righteousness
— or, in any case, along paths of their choosing.

Until the advent of Christianity, Sandmen remained
largely nomadic. Not always welcomed or trusted, yet often
well-respected, they were the gadflies and the visionaries, the
eccentrics and the mystics, the sages and the doomsayers to
those who inhabited the western, Middle Eastern and north
African Underworlds.

The Sandmen of the ancient cultures had no Guilds, and
few could rely on other organizing bodies to attract practitio-

20 Guildbook: Sandmen

ners of similar faith or outlook. Thus, these early Dreamshapers
largely operated alone, according to their own dogmas. These
Sandmen engaged in numerous activities: groups of wraiths

would often employ, force or cajole Sandmen to send mes
sages to the living world in the form of dreams and illusion.
Sandmen of older civilizations tended to serve as prophetic
or religious inspiration to mortal dreamers, or as bards honor-
ing the memory of a dead king. Those Sandmen of newer
civilizations, such as the Greeks and Romans, frequently pro-
vided artistic inspiration for many an Apollonian or Dionysian
artist. Although the existence of a Sandman was difficult
during these times, at least it afforded some measure of confi-

dence that the Sandmen's secrets were used honorably.

That confidence would not endure. The first Maels
the Underworld's first great catastrophe, alerted Stygian

om,

Sandmen to the fact that somehow Spectres had learned the
secrets of Phantasm. Until the Onyx Tower fell, the
Dreamshapers had assumed that Oblivion siphoned off Spec-
tres' ability to dream. Before the Maelstrom, Oblivion rarely
touched the dreams of wraiths; however, during the savage
attack on Charon's palace, many Stygian wraiths witnessed
their peers drifting into Slumber and vanishing into the heart
of the Tempest on the whipping winds. As a result, after the
Maelstrom, groups of Sandmen gradually began to band to-
gether to monitor the teaching of Phantasm to fledglings and


to ensure that the greatest secrets were not carried into
Oblivion by Shadow-wracked Dreamcrafters. These concerns
provided the common ground necessary for the formation of
the Guild later on.

Christianity brought with it widespread changes in the
Underworld. While to a certain extent, Sandmen of ancient
cultures had maneuvered themselves into religious leadership
roles, they tended to be more concerned with the affairs of the
Sunlit Lands, where the vast majority of humanity still believed
truly existed. With the
Sandmen began to con-

that hoary spirits and the elder gods

advent of Christianity, many newer
centrate more intently upon their roles in the Underworld
rather than upon affecting the living, whom they believed were
under God's direct protection and guidance. Unlike mortals of
earlier centuries who displayed a deep acceptance of the un-
known and a reverence for the tales of the dead, the ears of
their Christian peers in the Sunlit Lands — the s
priests, the local prophets, the faithful artists — now were clos-

ints, the

ing. They did not want to hear the blasphemies about the

Underworld that these "angels" had to offer; indeed many
Sandmen attempting to contact the living during the Dark and
Middle Ages found themselves cast in the role of demons and
incubi come to rob sleepers of their faith and test their purity.
As western Sandmen began to turn away from the con-
version of their living fellows, they turned instead to the ban-

we"

ner of Underworld proselytizing. Innovative Sandmen formed
Guild Circles dedicated to adapting the art of Phantasm to
communicate dreams, practice soul-healing, and instill reli-
gious fervor in their Underworld comrades, rather than in
the living. This inward turn was largely responsible for the
more psychological and dramatic bent of later western
Sandmen. Of course, not all Sandmen joined these mysti-
e rather to remain outside the

cally oriented Circles, but ch
Guild and to set their own courses.

During this time, the other Guilds came into their own.
The Artificer's Guild had long dominated the Stygian scene,

while others — the Mnemoi, the Proctors, the Pardoners,

and the Solicitors — were just beginning to find useful niches
for themselves in Stygian society. Sandmen had little con-
tact with most of these Guilds, generally regarding them as

necessary to the smooth functioning of Stygian society. This
attitude changed in 1207, when the Mnemoi drew the
Sandmen into the War of the Guilds, a conflict between the
Artificers and the other Guilds which had begun in 1096 and
was not to end until the waning months of 1354. The con-
flict was due primarily to the fact that the Artificers, as one

of the original Guilds, wielded undue power in the halls of
ated by the

Stygia. Seeking equality, and their envy exac
Attific
the only solution.

's' patronizing attitudes, the other Guilds found war


The Sandmen's Guild became involved when the
Mnemoi revealed that Charon had approved a plan to re-
place many of Stygia's stages with Artificers' forges. When
the Sandmen joined the War, the Artificers damaged most of
the inroads into Stygian politics that the Guild had been lay-
ing down. By the end of the War, the Sandmen had neither
reliable contacts within the Stygian political front nor any
more favors to call, its political bankruptcy becoming one of
the factors that paved the way for its turn to Renegade phi-
losophy in the next few centuries.

The War continued until the end of the Middle Ages, when
a change in the tenor of the Guild began to occur. Although
Renegade Sandmen had existed from the moment Charon as-
sumed the title of Emperor, they were not particularly numer-
ous. Until the beginning of the Renaissance, the Sandmen's
Guild consisted primarily of Hierarchy and Heretic wraiths.
The advent of the Renaissance in the Sunlit Lands corre-
sponded with an in
valued individual freedom and personal expression over reli-
gious dogma and political anonymity. Renegades began to domi-
nate the Guild. Hierarchy- and Heretic-affiliated Sandmen lost
their influence within their Circles as younger Sandmen be-
gan to value dreams less as a religious and political tool than as
an artistic one. Primarily Lemures, these Renegades found the
ar of the Guilds irrelevant, having only entered it in its last
days. The climate had become one of tired resignation, and
many of the Guilds had already secretly decided to sign a com-
pact calling for an end to the conflict. The Sandmen, whose
reputation the Artificers had damaged most seriously within
the secret chambers of Charon's top aides, were among the
first to sign the Compact of Guilds in 1354.

Meanwhile, the younger Sandmen had returned to the
business of dreams. While practicing their art exclusively in
the Underworld, as did their forebears, these younger wraiths
simultaneously began to return to the artistic experimenta-
tion of their Greek and Roman pred

ease in Renegade Sandmen, those who

ors. They began by
crafting morality plays to satisfy their dour elders, eventually
creating idealized love scenarios akin to the poetic dolce stil
nuovo of the Italian Middle Ages. This new practice evolved
naturally into theatrical performance.

By the end of the fourteenth century, Oneiric Theatre, as
it was called, had become a valued art form, and by the mid-
fifteenth century, it was so fashionable as to induce Under-
world nobility to pay kings' ransoms to attend its better perfor-
mances. Indeed, when the dreaded Lord Croesus obtained a
performance from the Dreamcrafter Fabius Ossus for only
10,000 oboli and the release of the notorious Chanteur Lady
Philomela, the other lords complimented him on the bargain.

Dream actors would rub shoulders with the lords of Stygia,
entangling themselves and ensnaring others in courtly games
of intrigue. With their power to grant fantasies, Sandmen
found easy patrons among the wealthy, the lusty and the
status-conscious. One or two Sandmen in a lord's entourage
became the ultimate display of rank and money.
their power that to offend one was to damage one's own court:

Such was


For instance, it is said that, in a fit of rage, the Emerald Lord
had his most trusted advisor, the Anacreon of the London
Necropolis, smelted down into a replica of a pomegranate (a
dreadful insult) and given to the Succubus Isidra for his fail-
ure to pay her in a timely fashion. Respected more for their
artistic prowess than for any military or political potential,
Sandmen became such a staple of the Underworld court that
by the close of the century, the kidnapping of one talented
Sandman could cause battles between Necropoli.

Giddy with their new prestige, Sandmen began to make
unreasonable demands on the noble beneficence: In return for
titles or ridiculous amounts of oboli, many talented dream ac-
tors, managers, and theatre-owners would agree to remain ina
given Necropolis rather than grace another city with their pres-
ence, At first, desperate to maintain appearances, their patrons
acquiesced to the bribes, but gradually their patience wore thin.
Atthe close of the sixteenth century, the Breaking of the Guilds
provided nobles and other Hierarchs with the perfect state-
sponsored excuse to rid their cities of these expensive prima
donnas. In 1598, led by the Artificers, the Sandmen partici-
pated with the other Guilds in an a coup d'etat , the purpose of
which was to unseat Charon and take control of Stygia. Weak-
ened though he was, Charon easily defeated the Guilds and
quickly drafted the Decree of the Breaking. The Decree stated
that membership in the Guilds was a criminal offense, that the
Guilds themselves were to be dissolved and that their place in
Stygian society was henceforth to be filled by Legionnaires.

Although the Decree itself mattered not one iota to
Sandmen with any love for their art, it did pave the way for
major restructuring within the Guild. Many Dreamcrafters
formerly made wealthy by the hands of the court found them-
selves acting for a pittance on the streets. Others who had
never even been associated with the courtly prima donnas
were treated with judgmental disgust. For a time, patrons who
felt they had been wronged by the Guild refused to sponsor
the Spectacles of even their most favorite actors, and many
common wraiths, imitating courtly fashion, stopped attend-
ing performances. The Sandmen's Guild, heretofore so de-
pendent upon patronage, had suddenly discovered that it
needed to return to its visionary and self-sufficient roots.

During the following two centuries, many Sandmen re-
linquished their identities as Guild members and joined the
Hierarchy in order to obtain work. Such work was rarely as
it had been before the Breaking, for Sandmen —
whether Guild members or not — were often snubbed, hav-
ing earned the general reputation of being both boorish and
self-important. Other Sandmen took to the road, cultivating
interest in the arts amongst wayfarers and Renegades. While
these centuries were difficult ones for those who chose to
continue to be identified with the now-illegal Guild, they
also strengthened the ranks of the Sandmen who opted for a
different path. More Sandmen than in any previous centu-
ties joined the Renegades during these difficult times.

While the degree of persecution waned as the decades
passed, the oppression did not cease. It was almost as if Stygian

nobility had decided to get its money's worth after all. In-
deed, at the time, some Sandmen speculated that one of the
other Guilds was responsible for the continuing persecution,
or perhaps that Stygia had become aware of the Dreamcrafters'
bent toward the Renegade philosophy. Whatever the case,
the dawn of the nineteenth century saw the meanly named
Denouement (noblemen had a sense of irony at that time):
The first Sandmen to be smelted down into objets d'art were
the foppish popinjays who masqueraded as artists; then the
sullen geniuses were targeted, and finally the poorly social-
ized talents. In the French Shadowlands, embittered nobility
found vengeance by turning a ghostly Mme. Guillotine on,
the rabble-rousing actors.

In response, the Guild rallied against these representa-
tives of the Hierarchy, waging the famed War of the
Proscenium. Renegade Sandmen scripted many a masterful
Pageant, creating stinging satires of important Stygian and
Shadowland lords and ladies. Angry Hierarchy aristocracy
replied by sending out their Legionnairés to shut-down pro-
ductions and arrest the impudent troupes on trumped-up
charges. Those who were arrested found their way tothe forges
in droves. Many theatres went/undefground, staging
dreamplays noted for their politically subversive, content.
Worse, they blatantly violated the Code of Charon by broad-
casting dreams to mortals which denigrated the characters of
many Hierarchy bureaucrats,/attacked their Sources of Me-
moriam, frightened sleeping mortals ~with the sights of the
ugly Underworld Necropoli (made possible courtesy of the
Hierarchy), and stirred rebellious thoughts in the souls of
commoners. The character of the Sandmen's Guild came even
more overwhelmingly into conjunction with that of the Ren-
egades during this time. As a result, Sandmen with Hierar-
chy affiliations found employmentdifficult among their peers,
while those caught spying on troupes were often imprisoned
in Slumber and plagued with horrendous\ nightmares until
they confessed their allegiances and named\names.

This persecution of dream artists continued for half a
century, spilling over into many Necropoli ofthe European
and North American Shadowlands. By the mid-1800s, the
Guild had established the Dream Ring, a small Necropolis in
northern New York state which harbored both Guild-affili-
ated and freelance Renegade artists. Many, Masquers,
Chanteurs, and Oracles — some of them Heretics — found
safe haven here as well, through the channels of the Artists'
Underground that the Sandmen's Guild had established.

During these fifty years of persecution, Dreamerafters
became notorious for violating Charon's Code of nonintet-
ference with the living. They began to send dreams of,im-
mortality, beauty, and utter freedom — all Renegade idealsat
the time — to the Quick, reinforcing artistic natures and de-
priving the Hierarchy of its future followers. Even the eva-
sive Anton de Varzonzuela, playwright and Dreamcrafter,
began to script dreams in which the souls of the Entranced
were given Shadowland tours questioning the deadening ba-
nality of Hierarchy principles. Nineteenth century poets and

artists were inspired in dreams and drug-induced visions. The
Romantic era was in full swing.

During this time, the Hierarchy busied itself with, among
other endeavors, setting up a "state-controlled" consortium
of artists. Artistic wraiths were set to work to use their vari-
‘ous crafts to promote the Hierarchy and clear the blackened
names of many of the nobility. Many Sandmen even today
insult artists whose work they do not like by referring to them
as Propagandists. Such were the resources available to these
Hierarchy artists, and so great was their power over the souls
of the living, that they ushered in many of the artistic schools
of.the'twentieth century.

By the early 1900s, the Hierarchy had grown confident
enough in its standing with the Sandmen's Guild that it ceased
its persecution, Sandmen and other artists soon forgot the
forges, as Guild members began to adopt the pervasive artis-
tic styles earlier' conceived by Hierarchy artists. A great in-
termixture of styles and schools began, ultimately effecting a
Teparation between the two camps. Nevertheless, many of
those'Sandmen who affiliated themselves with the Guild still
retained their Renegade identities and continued, almost re-
flexively, to undermine the Hierarchy's authority.

During the two World Wars, and particularly the Sec-
‘ond, many concerned Sandmen of all beliefs became actively
involved in protecting their arts from the corrupt uses in-
vented by Spectres. Circles of Sandmen would interrupt
Spectral message-dreams that were broadcast into mortal
minds. These dreams encouraged high-ranking officers —
particularly those of the Nazi party — to plan bloody cam-
paigns, setup concentration/camps, and invent weapons of
mass destruction. While notnecessarily successful (for many
of these ideas had already/been conceived by mortal minds
unaided), these dreams worried the Sandmen, and not only
for humanitarian reasons. Many Dreamcrafters feared that
the Stygian lords and/Shadowland Anacreons might place
the blame for these atrocities on their now-illegal Guild and
begin to petsecute ‘them anew. One minor Anacreon had
already set a precedent, sending five Renegade Sandmen to
the forges as traitors to Stygia and scattering their Circles
throughout the Shadowlands. Their much-promoted in-
volvement inthe Stygian effort during the Fifth Maelstrom
won the Dreamcrafters some peace for the next few decades.

Contemporary Sanden

The 1960s marked a Sandman Renaissance in the United
States Shadowlands. Guild Sandmen began to propagate folk
tales of heroic Renegades, much to the Hierarchy's dismay.
Vagabond and Renegade Sandmen perfected their ability to
send visions and dreams to mortals under the influence of drugs
and alcohol, while promoting the same ideals of freedom, equal-
ity, love and peace that many mortal artists emphasized in their
own work. Tripping mortals were often carried on the wings of
dream to the Shadowlands and through psychedelic Spectacles.

Guildbook: Sandmen
0 Fea


Incubi conceived love-children, while Dopplers under the in-
fluence of their Shadows switched souls on drugged mortals,
later causing nightmarish flashbacks and insanity.

During this time, many Sandmen joined Heretical Mys-
ist cults. While historically a number of

tery and Sensu

Sandmen have belonged to such cults, never were there so
many specialists among them as at this time. The Succubus.
Randi Trate is perhaps the most famous of these specialists,
having once brought four dead dream-infants conceived by
the same mortal into the Shadowlands at once.

Currently, the Hierarchy counts among its members fewer
Sandmen than do the Heretics, Renegades and Vagabonds.
Many who practice the Phantasm Arcanos hold a more mys-
tical view of their existence than is natural to the thinking of
most Hierarchy wraiths. To many Sandmen, Transcendence
is closely related to dreaming, and this belief alone is suffi-
cient to put them at odds with official Hierarchy propaganda.
Sandmen in Hierarchy Circles often serve as state-supported
artists in the Shadowlands, or as spies and infiltrators for the
Legions — Phantasm giving them an edge in understanding
and outmaneuvering the enemy.

Many older Sandmen belong to Circles of Heretics, us-
ing Phantasm as a spiritual tool in the manner of their ances-
tors. Additionally, the Mystery Cults and Sensualists continue
to attract many of the younger practitioners of Phantasm.
Despite the numbers of Sandmen that count themselves

1
RITCHIE

among the Heretics, however, Renegade Sandmen still out-
number their Heretic counterparts at least two to one. Cur-
rently, there are two movements of note within the Renegades:
a movement of loyalists to Charon's throne (rumored to be
involved with the resurgence of interest in finding Charon),
and a group of those who simply want to overthrow the
Deathlords. Both movements continue to support the exist-
ence of the small citadel known as the Dream Ring, and they
encourage artistic wraiths who are opposed to the Hierarchy's

materialistic prosaism to dwell there and hone their arts.

Sandmen Elsewhere

Just as the West produces ghosts who control our dreams,
so too do the East and all places in between. While few West-
ern wraiths seem to know of the locales that follow, my dreams
speak of these exotic places and peoples, and thus I feel it
necessary to record this information for you.

indian Ghandarvas

A city exists in the Indian death-realm about which I
dream occasionally, the City of Delights. All manner of ghostly
artists, musicians, and artisans dwell there, performing
otherworldly songs, poetry, dance and other delights for the
city's majestic Regent and the blessed populace. Dreamerafters,

Act I: Somnus Uncloaked 25

known as ghandarvas, are common. They are considered slaves,
but if they are sufficiently talented and lucky, they often man-
age to rise out of servitude to positions of importance.

The Regent owns many ghandarvas, the luckiest of whom
are those who join his entourage when visitors of importance
enter the city. Their responsibility is to make the guests' stay as
pleasurable as possible by crafting dreams for them and by eras-
ing any signs of ugliness within the City as they tour. If they fail
in their duties, they are smelted down into something beautiful
toadom the city; if they please the Regent, they are given slaves
of their own. Those few who try to escape are usually destroyed,
though the rare few who make it outside the city's walls find an
artistic wasteland filled with moaning, desperate souls who seek

the culmination of their existence by entering the City's gates.

Australian Dreamcrafters

Sandmen inhabit the other death-realms as well: the Isle
of Karta, the Jade Kingdom, the Kingdom of Ivory, and the
Kingdom of Obsidian, to name but a few. In Karta, the Austra-
lian aborigine death-realm, Sandmen are extremely common,
and their power, known to the West as Phantasm, is consid-
ered a sacred thread that connects them with the Dreamtime.
There, wraiths may find skilled mentors of Phantasm, if they

wish to use their power to meditate upon the Dreamtime. On

4
Rule

the other hand, if they profess a wish to use Phantasm to con-
tact the Quick, they are unlikely to obtain a mentor, for the
wisest aboriginal spirits on Karta believe that they must dis-
solve their Fetters in order to Transcend. It is said that many of
the Isle's inhabitants practice the creation of the Great Dream,
acommunal dream that if properly performed can translate the
participants directly into the Dreamtime.

jade Sandmen

The Chinese death-realm has a long tradition of
Dreamcrafters working to reinforce their Emperor's authority
by altering the dreams of both mortals and wraiths. Outside
the Emperor's court, Phantasm is both relatively rare and strictly
regulated by the Imperial Bureaucracy: Only licensed practi-
tioners may use it to assist wraiths interested in helping their
living family members. Rebel groups, however, use Phantasm

quite freely to hide their camps, cover secret activity and com-

municate covertly. Unlike their western counterparts, rebels in
the Jade Kingdom rarely make group distinctions based on which
Arcanos an individual practices. Thus, there is no "Sandman"
e, although there are indi-
viduals who specialize in the use of Phantasm. There are ru-

tradition within the rebel camp per

mors that the Emperor has sent his Dreamcrafters to infiltrate
these camps, but as yet, no spies have been discovered.

Guildbook: Sandmen
EOS
4 , ww


The Dream Ring

My love, when you visited London on business last year, J tok the opportunity to search for this "ZDrean
Ring' J had Arcamt about. A's it turns out, it docs exist; it ts tocated in upper New York, nestled in the
foothills of the A Airondack WMountains. The physical locale shotvs stgns of former inhabitation — mysteri-
ous brick buildings gone to rnin, termite-infested Aitching posts, the remains of a dusty, rntted road notv
choked with weeds; and a massive rotting waterirheel located on its outskirts. When yon come upon it, tt Aves
not took like much, but spend a night there and youll learn that tt is more than it appears. At midnight, the
place becomes a spirits Woodstock. If you took hard, you can spy the faint shimmering outlines of ghostly
cabins and tents just beyond the waterrheel, and flickering wratths moving bettveen them, Ghosts, Aressed in
tattered velvet robes and stage actors' garth, emerge from the ruins of the brick buildings, and from behind trees
and under rocks, to form a targe circle in what must once have been the thin snare.

The night J stayed, instead of flying about and trying bo terrify me, these wraiths performed a play
before me. Jt was no ordinary play; it Arcty me into a strange, dark land wvhere the moon twas gray and the
stars wept rain across barren fields. Gtrange moans, cveeping, and a pitiful keening that infused msc with a
deep, longing sadness arose, all as if from a great distance. The keening grety into a beautiful, eerie song and
all the wraiths gathered together to perform an intricate, flotving dance, mblding their bodies into otherevortdly
shapes and graceful figures. As the dance ended, J discovered that they had entivined themselves about me
like snakes. J atvoke ina panic in the middle of a clearing, about sixty yards from my tent, surrounded by a
circle of tin enps filled cvith water and flickering candles thrust into the dirt. To this day, J have no
explanation fer hovv this occurred, but one thing is certain: the Dream Ring exists, and ghosts Awvell there.

African Okoml are not simply servan » used and abused; maltreat one

and you'll find yours mercy every time you try to
Many traditions throughout the African death-realm Slumber. For this reason, Orisha set great store by the tradi-
use Phantasm, the primary one involving those abambo _ tion of ukwangala, a term taken from the Nyakyusa people
(wraiths) who serve the Orishas, or leaders of the African of Tanzania bearing the meaning "fireside fellowship."
Underworld nations. Orishas have traditionally maintained — Orishas encourage a personal friendship with their okomfo
a few wandering Sandmen, known as okomfo, to communi- by gathering frequently to sit, talk and enjoy each others'
cate with the leaders of the Animal Kingdoms using dreams, company as equals. Ukwangala also doubles as a means of
Of late, they have found it necessary to send okomfo out on aring information between okomfo working in the service
dangerous journeys into the Underworld brush to make peace _ of an Orisha, and many serve as clearinghouses for secrets.
with the animals that humans have hunted to extinction. Unfortunately, some okomfo have found it expedient to vio-
Many okomfo have undergone Harrowings after being mauled _ late the ukwangala by using it to learn and sell secret infor-
by these angry ghost-animals. Other okomfo remain athome mation given to them in confidence. It is rumored that re-
studying the dreamself, learning how to control the amount cent and persistent uprisings in the Underworld's Lesotho
of Passion it, and thus its abambo, receives. Orishas find these and Mozambique regions are due to such espionage, as okomfo
okomfo priests of the dreamself valuable, as they can be used out for personal gain have sold their Orisha's
to starve enemies of Pathos. Yet they also find that okomfo would-be rebels for use in planning uprisings.



nter The Narrator, dressed as before. In
his right hand, he carries a small pouch
which he unties as he speaks. As he upends
it, thousands of gleaming white and black
pearls pour forth onto the proscenium about
his feet, far more than the pouch seems ca-
pable of holding.

The Narrator: Who is this mortal who dreams so deeply of
us? Who indeed but Charon, the Grim Reaper! A century ago,

not a wraith in Stygia would have failed to recognize his name.
But you are new, as are we all, to this mystery. Sometimes the
Shroud beguiles more than just the perceptions of the Quick.

Content yourselves now with learning more about us,
because in this play you must act our parts.

Sandmen as a whole are cut from similar cloth: indepen-
dent, highly creative, mysterious, intuitive, passionate and
often regrettably self-exalting. Modern Sandmen differ little
from their predecessors in their tendency to take on the mantle
of the Muse, the soul-gazer, the prophet or the artistic con-
science of a culture. Because we immerse ourselves in our roles,

many say that it is difficult to get to know us personally; thus,

while we seem extraordinarily open about our thoughts and

Somnus

People

feelings, we guard our true sentiments jealously and dole out
factual information about ourselves as if it we!
cious than gold. The best of us are master psychologists, know-
ing just what the heart wants to hear, master philosophers,

more pre-

feeling around the edges of illusion and reality, and master

illusionists, creating what the eye wants to see.

Often, we find ourselves working together on one project
or another, practicing our art simply because we love to. Oth-
ers — typically more experienced or desperate Sandmen —
practice the Arcanos because they hunger to touch the mor-
tal world again. They find that Phantasm enables them to
affect the Sunlit Lands in ways that border on an unprovable
violation of Charon's Code. With an art that proves so fleet-
ing even under scrutiny, these Sandmen know that they can
employ Phantasm to stir mortals to madness, peace, passion,
and artistic aspiration in ways that would instantly inculpate
other wraiths. Ours, my dear audience, is an Arcanos of
subtlety, the treatment of fragile souls with the delicacy of
figurines in a glass menagerie. While we have the power to
quite literally break spirits, we consider such acts as Phili
tine as the burning of books or a clumsy archaeologist's razing
of the remains of an ancient temple.


Our Appearance and
Mannerisms

ou'll find that you can usually identify us by
our clothing: As we pass through mortals'
dreams, we choose wisps of their fantasies to
wrap about us. Some Sandmen prefer to cloak
themselves in daydreams, others in night-
mares — a necklace hung with a demon's
fangs here, the soiled tatters of a plague
victim's death robe there. Dream clothing, or gossamer, possesses
an extraordinary quality: it tends to project onto its folds barely
discernible images of the dream from which it was harvested. If
you stare at it hard enough, you can watch the dream progress.
Gossamer also glows faintly with the energy from the mortal's
dream. Nightmare gossamer glimmers darkly, as if constructed
from film negatives, while that from pleasant fantasies may shim-
mer with muted pastels. The darkness of the Underworld smoth-
ers most of the light that emanates from gossamer; for instance,
gossamer's glow never provides light sufficient to read a book by.
Moreover, as the dream energy in this attire ebbs, the glow fades
and the dream images become still. Traditionally, troupes wore
brightly colored gossamer costumes in order to draw audiences
into their performances. Nowadays, we select much of our gos-
samer from the symbology of dreams, and most of us delight in
tistically through these choices.

expressing ourselves

It is said that the oldest Sandmen can be identified by a
peculiar flaw: wherever an ancient Sandman walks, those near-
est him are thrown into vivid reveries until he passes. Aside from
this rumor and our tendency to wear dream-clothing, which can
be cast aside, nothing can definitively prove that a wraith is a
Sandman (that is, that he practices Phantasm). As with any
group of diverse individuals, we do not doggedly follow any spe-
cific code of mannerisms.

Nonetheless, many of us are similar enough that you might
correctly identify us'as Sandmen...without being able to prove
it. Our actors tend to be flamboyant, extroverted, and — no, I
do not flatter myself — erudite. Most actors possess a natural
balance and poise. A sizable percentage have the Masquers in:
their troupes Moliate them into a shape from a favorite mortal's
dream. Many directors, dramaturgists, theatre owners, brokers
and others who practice Phantasm tend to be more reserved,
though not necessarily more conservative, than their acting
colleagues. In the Underworld, actors can generally expect to
move into directing or scripting after about a century. Be-
cause they have been around longer than most actors, most
dream-directors and playwrights are thus more experienced
in both Dream Theatre and in the ways of the Underworld.

f you have spent any amount of time with
Sandmen, you know that we split ourselves
into two camps: the Dream Union and the
freelancers. The Dream Union is so named
because its members belong to the now-for-
bidden and supposedly defunct Sandmen's
Guild, a secret union of actors, directors,
dramatists, and other artists. The freelancers are wraiths who
practice Phantasm, but who do not belong to the Guild.
While Unionists and freelancers differ in other respects,
they are similar in that they both consider themselves Sandmen.
The majority of Dream Unionists also consider themselves
members of the Renegades, while many freelancers instead af-
filiate themselves with the Hierarchy and Heretics — or, more
frequently, avoid contact with all of these groups if possible.

Because of their reputation for lack of official involve
ment with the Renegades, many freelancers, willing or not,
find themselves peripherally accepted by the Hierarchy es-
tablishment. Sometimes this acceptance grows into something
more substantial, such as a court appointment or a commis-
sion to act as a double agent investigating Union activities.
Indeed, Anton de Varzonzuela started his career as a freelancer
in the court of the Laughing Lady — a post he soon aban-
doned. Now, no one can tell with which of the many Under-
world factions the noted Dreamcrafter sides.

When a freelancer begins to involve herself in Hierar-
chy politics, she becomes a desirable candidate for Union re-
cruitment. Sometimes, the Dream Union asks such freelancers
to act as informants in return for employment — and some-
times they accept, for freelancers often have a difficult time
procuring engagements in the Shadowlands without agents
or theaters willing to take them under wing.

Making non-Union employment even harder to come
by, few Shadowland audiences willingly participate in perfor-
mances unless they receive assurances that their pockets won't
be picked — or worse — while they Slumber during the per-
formance. Because of problems during recent engagements, a
whole Underworld insurance industry has grown up around
"brokering" shows, in which groups of Sandmen offer insur-
ance against items nicked while wraiths "slumber the Spec-
tacle," as attending performances is known. These insurance
groups never insure freelance performances, resulting in de-
creased attendance at non-Union engagements. Of course,
audiences generally don't understand the distinction between,
Unionists and freelancers, and thus simply attend only those
performances insured by Spectacle brokers.

Most wraiths don't question the fiction that the
Sandmen's Guild has been defunct for close to four hundred


years. However, certain elements within the Hierarchy real-
ize that this is a convenient myth propagated by the Dream
Union and other Guilds. Few of these accurately estimate
the Guild's ability to undermine the system, and only one
official — and fanatical — arm of the Hierarchy proposes to
do anything about it: the Office of Security. Security Officers
are characterized by an almost pathological fear of dreams,
and are among the most unimaginative, though by far the
craftiest, of those on the Sandman disapproval plan. Security
Officers often have a field background with the Legions, "re-
tiring" to bureaucratic work only after becoming Domems.
Because Domems locate themselves primarily in Stygia, Stygia
is considered hostile territory for Dream Unionists. All our
information shows that every Deathlord except the Beggar
Lord maintains an Office of Security, although these offices
are not always financially well-supported.

With the danger of being enchained and dragged down to
the forges at the hands of these Officers, why do so many of us
belong to the Dream Union? For a number of reasons. First, ar-
tistic stimulation — the Union enables Sandmen to easily find
and communicate with other Sandmen, as well as with artists

specializing in other Arcanos who share similar interests. Sec-
ond, it provides a forum in which to create Pageants. Without
theatres (which, unbeknownst to most Hierarchy goons, are pre-
dominantly owned by Dream Unionists), Sandmen have little
hope of finding paying audiences. Sandmen have similar diffi-
culty finding audiences without the assistance of agents and Pag-
eant brokers available only to Unionists. Third, the Dream

Union offers acting and scripting classes at a small school near

Nectopolis New York. This school, the Sacandaga School of
the Arts, claims that it is unaffiliated with Heretics and Ren-
egades, but it is strange how only members of these factions

seem to matriculate. Fourth, the Union operates the Dream
Ring, where Sandmen (and others) may go to escape the ste-
tility of the Hierarchy imagination. The Dream Ring also har-
bors Hierarchy escapees and law-busting Renegades, adding a
bit of spice to the conversation there. Finally, Dream Union-
ists often exchange skills, or even gift each other with the fruits
of their talents because of their Union affiliation.

Freelancers, on the other hand, do not risk the Hierarchy's
reprisal. However, unless they dwell in Stygia, where artistic
employment is easily obtained, they are forced by necessity into

ahand-to-mouth existence. Many Shadowland freelancers own

traveling wagons which fold out into instant stages, where, if
they are lucky, they perform to intimate audiences of passers-
by. These performances are rarely as good as full-blown Pag-
ants, but they have a unique, "‘small-theatre" charm of their
own. In rare instances, freelancers form clubs which approxi-
mate the grander exchanges of the Union's, but lack the re-
sources. Most of the Union clubs, salons, and galas attract big
Underworld names, whereas freelancers' gatherings rarely have
the oboli or the influence to attract the stars.

:

Among the Quick

y RAV) © far I have characterized Sandmen and
(FIN)

i =) how they interact with this world. Now,
| before broaching the always controversial

}}| to introduce you to some of the ways in
| which Sandmen interact with the world

of the Quick, for they are our primary au-
dience and players.

It has been said that a dream itself is but a shadow. Truer
words were never spoken. Sandmen know, better than most,
that dreams reflect their dreamer; they are a shadowy like-
ness of a vivid, constantly changing personal dynamic. They
give form to shapeless desires and fears and incorporate day-
time experiences into the psyche. As Dreamcrafters, we have
agreat deal of control over how those experiences are incorpo-
rated and what form those desires and fears take. We can come
to know the dreamer from the inside out. Sometimes we even
get to know the dreamer better than she knows herself.

So why do it? The reasons differ from Dreamcrafter to
Dreamcrafter. One young Unionist Sandman | know from
Necropolis Los Angeles says, "It pays way more than under-

ground Pageants." Another, a Heretic Scrooger, claims, "It's
my duty to lead the Sleeping to salvation." Still another, an
extremely sensitive soul, tells me, "I only interfere when |
feel a dreamer's pain. | soothe their fears and release the hor-
rors trapped within." Some Sandmen I know simply love to
perform, while others work out of curiosity or only with ob-
scure groups of Quick, such as the fanciers of the arcane (the
Arcanum and the Daughters of Creusa are famous for their
dealings with Sandmen). Some Sandmen get their thrills by
surfing dreaming minds, while others play with the souls of
the so-called "oneironauts," mortal volunteers at laborato-
ties devoted to the study of dream. Sandmen dedicated to
high-minded artistic ideals like to inspire mortal artists to
produce great works; others, obsessed with the preparation of
the soul for death, act as harbingers of peace to the infirm
and dying. Still others believe that they are trapped here be-
cause the sleeping minds of mortals dream the Underworld,
and thus Sandmen, into existence. By entering these mor-
tals' dreams, these Sandmen try to work against this deep in-
ner dreaming in order to effect their own release.

It is the wielder who must ultimately take responsibility
for the uses he makes of his tools. Regrettably, Sandmen also
exist who use Phantasm for twisted purposes. A century ago, a
wraith known as the Vendor made a habit of kidnapping dream-
ing souls, promising to return them only when the mortal's


soul agreed to pay a ransom — usually a Relic or something
dedicated to the Vendor's memory. When he started playing
some of his sadistic games with wraiths, the Dream Union dis-
pensed with him. He now lies enchained near the great Nihil
of Oroshaza, doomed to live out his own nightmares, without
respite, for a century more. Other Sandmen have found darker
uses for our Arcanos, uses which I will mention later.

Many Sandmen work with mortals for the benefits they
reap. Memoriam, Fetters, and Relics all constitute common
forms of "payment" for their dreamwork. Sometimes mortals
promise these payments directly: I just worked with a channeler
who offered to find me an artist to inspire if I sent her a series
of dreams about Elvis. Odd, but the artist she found painted a
wonderful portrait of me that is now hanging in the Bellevue
Art Museum, tucked away in the state of Washington.

Sandmen also extract "payments" from sleeping mortals
either subtly or by using the carrot-before-the-nose treatment.
I know a freelancer in the Southwest who became so invested
in the creative progression of one mortal's dreams that she
became his Fetter. Another Sandman enticed a mortal to
destroy his new Lamborghini (thereby creating a relic) by
sending a series of dreams convincing him that his car pay-
ments contributed to the unwanted materialism he'd been
feeling of late. Maybe you've seen this wraith tearing around
the rutted dirt roads outside the San Diego Necropolis?

Ways of Death

My listeners may wonder how Sandmen who lack ex-
pensive sports cars manage to fill their time. Oh, we manage,
we manage.

We have, for instance, our haunts. Think back on your
lives, you who can remember them. How often did you hear
tales of haunted theatres? E
doubt Sandmen were responsible for most. In the shadowed

ch had its ghost stories, and no

wings, or high up in the rafters among the counterweights
that raise and lower scenery, there the Dreamcrafters linger.
In the evening and at matinees, we watch the communal
dream that is theatre. When the stage is dark, we may pass
hours rehearsing, or host a Spectacle troupe on tour.

To paraphrase Dr. Johnson, the Sandman who has grown
tired of Dreamscapes has grown tired of — well, of existence.
Travel among mortal dreams occupies us endlessly, and the
pursuit is seldom frivolous. We seek images to barter, motifs
to echo in our entertainments and the gifted dreamers who
furnish our Sand. Then, too, Sandmen meet in dreams. The
Guild convokes its meetings, called Venues, away from pry-
ing busybodies, amid the lurid, cloudy fantasies of some sleep-
ing ingenue or the vague, drifting colors of infant dreams.
Perhaps you yourself, in life, played unwitting host to a Venue!

Act II: Somnus' People 33


er nce a
SWZ

The Venues let us exchange news, report dangerous routes
through the Shadowlands, and discuss our most shadowy trade
secrets. For e:
have developed. Though they arose first during stage perfor-
along advice such as "You're playing too
broadly," the hand signals have evolved into an elaborate code.
With a few unobtrusive gestures, a Sandman can silently tell
his companions, "Danger from the third Hierarch on the
right," "Beware of thieves," or "This individual is lying." Do
believe me, the need for such messages arises all too often in
a Dreamweaver's travels.

ample, we teach novices the hand signals we

mances, to pa

At the Venues, novices are also gradually initiated into
our secrets. I will not reveal more than hints at this timé, but
you may expect to learn of a faction that believes Charon,
after his battle with Gorool, reincarnated himself as a mortal.
Another secretive group pursues the crafting of nightmares
with perhaps too much intensity. A third group develops new
uses for our chosen Arcanos. And so on — eventually, all
becomes clear at a Venue.

Works Among the Living

Just as we create and perform,for the Restléss, we create
for the Quick as well — though in a captivating inversion of
roles, they become the performers for jus. Sandmén"engineer:
perfort

nces in living societies that energize us, educate us,
or simply keep up our interest.

The first example that always springs to my mind isthe
Dreamtime. No, not the Dreamtime of living Australian ab>
origines, but a convention attended by mortals. Some of our
Guild's most illustrious members inspited this "Dream Ball"
in dreams of the organizers, and each year many of us atténd
side by side with the living.

I can hardly do better in describing. a Dreamtime gather-
ing than did a writer among the Quick, who des¢ribed the
convention of a few years back in no less authoritative a source
than Time magazine:

"On the last night of the Study of Dreams conference,
hundreds of dream lovers gather for the Dreamtine, dressed \up
as characters from their own dreams. They are all here) the lab,
rats and the dream workers, the physiologists and! the New
Agers. Jeremy Taylor, the association's outgoing presidént, wear-
inga skeleton mask and dressed in dark clothes, is Death, Texas
psychologist Roseanne Armitage wears a big yellow R while a
British psychologist wears an E and an Austrian lucid-dream~
ing expert wears an M; together, of course, they spell REM,
Scientists and New Agers are dancing together. It is\a
dreamscape, a cross between Mardi Gras and Easter. If Freud
were here, what might his quivering unconscious make of this
phantasmagoria? What would he dream tonight?"

The September issue in 1995, if memory serves. Page 49,
if you must know.

Guildbook: Sandmen

Yet among mortals we also pursue le:
among us, of a later generation than my own, have developed
what they call the Dream Database. I understand this to be
some kind of encyclopedia of dream images stored on a com-
puter, or a network, or whatever such things are stored on.
These bright young Sandmen influenced living computer
experts to create the... ah... Database, and now Dreamcrafters
skilled in the Inhabit Arcanos enter information themselves.
The Dream Database serves them as a kind of grimoire, a prac-
tice! ground, an ongoing Venue for study of whatever reso-
natesiin the human psyche. It is accessible to all, and so by all
means | suggest you look into it. Don't be put off by an old
ghost like me!

The Dreamscape

Morea perception than an actual place, the Dreamscape
is what the'dreamer sees, hears, fee!
inyth@ midst of a dream, The Dreamscape is the total illusion
that,the dreamer experiences. It may refer to the slumberer's
own Dreamscape, which is the dream that she produces natu-
rallyjWithout a Sandman's interference. At the same time, it
Also,reférs to changes in atmosphere, setting, and individual
elements that we can: produce using Lucidity, or to the com-
plete change of atmosphere, setting and elements that con-
stitutes a Pageant, Pageants require much more work than
does a simple use of Lucidity, as multiple Sandmen collabo-
tate to become part of the Dreamscape (the characters, mon-
sters, and so forth) and to "sculpt" the physical elements of
the Dreamscape (such, as how the earth, sun and sky appear,
which symbols-appeatin/the dream and when, and so on).
We "sculpt" the Dream$cape by using our imaginations as
chisels, just as we "pairit" the landscape with our minds. The
dreamer appears in our play, but it becomes her dream.

Spectacles

By far the most well-known, collective manner of influ-

howy works. Some

mells and tastes when

encing| mortal dreams is the Pageant. Pageants, or
dreamseripts, are almost always performed as services to pay-

ing patrons, for they involve a good understanding on the

director'sand the principals' parts of one of the more com-
plex uses of Phantasm. When mortals become involved in

qhe Dream Database

his is an actual site on the World Wide
Web. The URL is http://www.iag.net:80/
~hutchib/.dream/input.html

0 So


Spectacles, as they often do, they become the protagonists in
stories carefully crafted by the playwright to express the mes-
age must be transmit-
ted despite the vagaries of the protagonist's decisions and the

sage intended by the patron. This mes

spontaneity of "extras" — the dream actors — involved in
ushering the story along. The Sandmen involved typically
gather together near the sleeping mortal and hold hands.
When all are ready, one Sandman sprinkles Sand on the sleep-
ing mortal's soul, while the others lift it delicately from its
mortal shell. From her bed, these Sandmen carry the soul to
their stage, which may be anywhere and consist of almost
anything (although the best tend to be located in Unionist
theatres). There, they act out the dream, the only one not
acting being the mortal whose soul has been carried into the
Beguilers' camp.

You will all certainly lear more about Pageants than
you thought it was possible to know. This communal dream
theatre provides you with a livelihood, a means of travel and
an entry into new Necropoli. You novices will find no better
way of learning all about our ways than apprenticing your-
selves to a Pageant troupe. I might add that the more tal-
ented among you may find in Pageants a means of rapid ad-
vancement in our Guild. Skilled creators and performers at-
tract as much notice in the Underworld as any movie star
among the Quick.

Note, though, that a Pageant troupe'calls for rigorous
commitment, discipline and courage. You will often confront
the audience directly, involving them in your performances

now and then a few cranks dislike this attention. Research-
inga topical piece on the Hierarchy, you may learn more than
you bargained for. Responding to a patron's invitation, you
may enter parts of the Shadowlands no sane wraith would
think about. And yet — the smell of the Masquer, the moan
of the crowd! What actor could resist it?

¥]| ecause Sandmen can "tune into"
Dreamscapes, many of us know that there
are more than just mortal minds out there.

Sometimes

is we dreamsurf, we pick up odd
reverberations — dreams that resonate
with qualities different than those pro-
duced by most mortal minds, sometimes
darker, sometimes lighter, sometimes completely alien. This
realization has led to certain Sandmen dabbling not just with
the souls of humans and wraiths, but with those (or their
equivalents) of changelings, mages, werewolves, vampires, and


Storyteller Hints
Pageartts

Pageants resemble stage plays, but they
are darker, more fluid and more experimen-
tal. They serve several useful functions in
Chronicles.
nexcellent

e wraiths.

Pageant troupe provides

pretext to gather a group of diver
Troupes need a wide variety of skills or of-
ten just extra hands; some vital members
of the troupe never perform at all. Also,
troupes often travel between Necropoli.
They routinely gain and lose members. All
this may suit the needs of a Circle whose
members prefer to wander.

In a single story, a Pageant's storyline

may provoke a fight between audience

into the
. Or the entertain-
ment may satirize Hierarchy officials, bring-

member:
's central confl

ing their wrath upon the troupe.

other mystical beings. Don't act so surprised! These creatures,
exceedingly difficult as they are to find, do exist — just as
you and I exist. But, before you slip off to contact them with
your newly learned Arcanos, I warn those of you whose curi-
osity I've just tweaked that nonhumans are dangerous folk
with whom to consort, and only the rare Sandman with a
mastery of herself equal to her mastery of Phantasm should
attempt it.

The Mage Connection

Here are a group of mortals gifted with the ability to shape
reality to their wills. On the whole, Sandmen have little to
do with them, but I have heard an occasional account of their
involvement with Dreamcrafters. About a decade ago, a cer-
tain unscrupulous Circle of Sandmen became involved with
a group of mages calling themselves Progenitors. As incred-

ible as it sounds, these mages had the ability to create soulless
physical bodies with a slavelike obedience to the wills of their
Progenitor masters. The Sandmen involved struck a pact with
the Progenitors in which they would steal souls from sleeping
mortals (leaving comatose bodies in their wake) and insert
them into the Progenitors' soulless corpses. In exchange, the
mages permitted these Sandmen to study their own dreaming
souls. When rumors of this practice began to leak beyond
their Circle, both the Hierarchy and the Dream Union took
an interest, resulting in quick activity to break the Circle and
discorporate its leaders for inhumane activities. (The Dream
Union had a nice smirk at the expense of the Hierarchy: con-
sidering their self-sanctioned use of soul-forged oboli, the
accusation of "inhumane activities" seemed ironic). The
Circle was soon broken, but one of its leaders escaped. To
discourage a reprise of such crimes, the Stygian Hierarchy
offers a reward of 100 oboli to anyone capturing the leader,
one Lili Charriere, and a reward of 20 oboli for information
leading to her arrest.

Another group of mages calling themselves
Dreamspeakers have on occasion held gatherings honoring
death's role in the cycle of Gaia, or the Earth Mother.
Sandmen enjoy appearing at these festivities to share tales of
Somnus with the Dreamspeakers, who seem interested in his
connection with the Earth Mother.

In the past, Sandmen — as well as many other wraiths
— have also attended the Great Festival, held annually by
the arcane and mystical group known as the Orphic Circle.
Usually invited by the Circle's secretive death mages, these
Sandmen perform as boukoloi (dancers) during the orgiastic
rites dedicated to the Orphic god Eubouleus. Sometimes.
Master Actors use Phantasmagoria to appear before celebrants
as the god Eubouleus himself.

qhe Werewolf Connection

Sandmen rarely have truck with werewolves, consider-
ing them generally rustic and unappreciative of the sophisti-
cated art of theatre. However, a small minority of Sandmen
exists which finds spontaneous visions every bit as valuable
as exquisitely crafted dreams. When they can, these Sandmen.
("Quixotics") seek out certain tribes of werewolves known as
Fianna, Silent Striders, and Stargazers. The Celtic Fianna and
the Quixotics sometimes meet in dreams to share tales, craft
dream stories together, compose ballads, and pose riddles. The
mysterious Silent Striders share much the same interest in
Quixotics, although their storytelling and listening has a much
more educational bent: they hearken to Sandmen's tales to
learn more about the Dark Umbra, as they call the Under-
world, Quixotics, and Sandmen in general, interest the tribe
known as Stargazers, for their tribal totem is Chimera, the
mysterious caretaker of dreams. Because they excel at inter-


preting dreams, Stargazers enjoy the dream puzzles Sandmen
create for them. Of late, Quixotics have embarked on a quest
to discover who or what Chimera is. Certain members of the
Stargazers have joined this quest, for to solve such an enigma
would earn them great glory within their tribe.

The Vampire Connection

Vampires share one thing with wraiths: their undead sta-
tus. Other than that, we differ completely, for their society
walks among the Quick, while we — officially, anyway —
walk only among the Dead. Our Elders wisely advise us to
shun the walking Dead, for they are cunning and wicked. But,
as it is human nature to do, some of us ignore tradition and
seek out the vampire.

I have heard tales of mad vampires who touch the
Dreamscape in their slumber, and of Sandmen who unwisely
invaded their dreams. These insane vampires are said to reach
through the Shroud and pull Sandmen into their cold em-
brace, draining them of imagination and passion. Few
Sandmen return to tell the tale of such Harrowings.

Other legends tell of a vampire clan devoted to beauty
in all its forms. Many a Sandman has fallen in love with the
otherworldly grace of these predators, doomed never to touch
them or be a part of their dreams. Still other tales speak of
such vampires seeking the aid of Sandmen to help renew a
beloved artist's inspiration or to spark her imagination anew;
or, with raging jealousy, to seek vengeance against Sandmen
who steal inspired mortals' hearts.

The Changeling Connection

Though seeming so similar in origin, vampires and wraiths

share few characteristics. The opposite question arises among
those who know of changelings (fae inhabiting the Earth):
What do Sandmen not have in common with changelings?
Both exist in a world spun from the gossamer silk of dreams.
Both live for their imaginations and dread the mundane. And
both enjoy sharing their inspiration and artistic appreciation
with others of like mind. However, most changelings whom
we encounter fear us immensely — to them we are the terri-
fying stuff of legends, creeping out of the afterlife from our
so-called Dream Pits to haunt changelings and their kind. A
silly, but understandable myth.

With those changelings with whom we have actually
made rational contact, the general rule has been that similar-
ity, like familiarity, breeds contempt. Competition over the
mortal imagination has stirred great feuds between us and
changelings, who need it to survive as fae. Ordinarily, our
imaginative play poses no significant grounds for conflict. In
fact, when we are careful with the imaginations of the mor-

tals we entertain, there is even a chance that changelings
might participate in our creations.

Some changelings go too far, however, greedily consum-
ing mortal creativity and ripping imagination from its native
vessel. On the other hand, sometimes we step over the line,
blithely discarding the used imagination in favor of newly
inspired souls. Because it is so precious to them, changelings
carefully stir the flames of the imagination and tend them
even when they begin to burn low. For this reason, many
changelings view Sandmen as sycophants, leeching off the
inspiration they have so delicately cultivated.

Changelings and Sandmen are often drawn to one an-
other by their shared interest in the imaginative capacity of

Your most faithful traveling compan-
ion. Your shimmering mark of profe:
alism. Your ticket out of the troubled
lands. Sand is the glittering dust for which

Sandmen are named and renowned.
Harvested from the dreams of Sandmakers
(sometimes changelings, but usually' re-
pressed but highly creative people), Sand
is prized for its usefulness in practicing our

rt. It eases the dreamer's soul from its
t helps us shape the
the troubled
umber and it
ng in p
Sand enchants the mind, just as a
all thoughts of reality.

sion-

eeping body,
amscape, it tranqui
vraith enough to cau:
beguiles the eye into beli
tasm:
daydream erase:
If you join the Dream Union, you can
buy Sand at a discount, as Harvesters sell
in bulk. You will find, however, that as you
n to con-
Buy-
ind is considered acceptable amor
apprentices, but the greatest directors and
actors always harvest their own. Regard-
less of rank, though, no real Sandman is

progress, other Sandmen will beg:
sider buying such amenities bourgeois


dreams. Amusingly, some Seelie fae speculate that we are but
a by-product of their Unseelie kin; that we are but chimera
created by twisted fae imaginations. They believe that, like
ours, the Unseelie power over dreams is a dark one, often
twisting mortal imagination toward change and madness, away
from tradition and inhibition.

For our part, we tend to regard changelings as immature
talents who, like children, do not yet understand the artistic
layering of reality and illusion in dreams. Dreaming, to them,
is a way of life — reality a toy — while we, on the whole,
believe that dreams represent more than just the solipsistic
stage of illusion. Reality plays a large part in the creation of
fantasy, a lesson these fae have yet to — and probably will
never — learn.

I mention all this to give my warning context: Beware
the fae, so seductive to such as we! By nature we are drawn to
illusion, dynamism, unspeakable beauty and mysterious al-
lure — all the things that changelings represent. So potent is
their dreaming that we, who are more susceptible than most,
become lost in their fae "reality." Sandmen slipping into their
dreams (an easier process than entering those of mortals, but
far more dangerous) have reported sighting their chimera
(their term for mythical monsters) following them long after
the changeling awakened. Horror stories of this sort abound:
Regis Finbane, the well-known Sandman actor, is said to have
entered a changeling's dream one night twenty years ago and
never returned. Others who have tried to steal changelings'
souls have disappeared as well. Some say that our lost Guild
brothers have become monsters in these changelings' dreams,
but no one knows for sure.

On the other hand, dangerous as they are, these fae ex-
ude almost impossible amounts of imagination and can be
valuable allies in the quest for drama. Changelings are said

to produce Sands far richer and more various than any mor-

tal can — and on a nightly basis. Sand taken from sleeping
changelings also resonates with the atmosphere — and some-
times even the subject — of their dreams long after its har-
vesting. A changeling experiencing a nightmare, for in-
stance, will produce Sand that gives mortals horrific night-
mares. A dream about slaying dragons might bestow a sense
of bravery and heroism on a dreaming mortal. But you are
well-advised to harvest changeling Sand carefully: just as
harvesting leaves mortal dreamers listless the next day, har-
vesting Sand from changelings leaves them strangely weak-
ened come morning. Prolonged harvesting can kill them —
but, be sure, once they find out you're harvesting them, you
won't continue for long.


© matter how we choose to live, we all
#| play roles on the stage of society. Here in
ji) the Underworld, we Sandmen have cho-
sen for ourselves the roles of the actors,
4| the visionaries, the holy seers of the cre-
ative imagination. Beyond mere dramat-
ics, we need these roles in order to sur-
vive. As a result, Sandmen have adopted the following spe-
cializations, one of which, I suspect, will be a proper fit for
each of you.

Dream Menders (Soma Shamans)

"So ye would learn to Mend mortals? First learn to Mend
thyself."

— Shayna Blackfeather, Dreamcircle of the Eagle, Sioux
Camp

Currently, the most famous group of Sandmen in the
Underworld is the Dream Menders. Word of their newly dis-
sm has spread from the most remote
villages of the Serengeti to the marbled halls of Stygia. Our
bards report that the Ladies of Fate have quietly whisked away
the mother of this sleep healing movement, Shayna
Blackfeather, to their strongholds, there to teach other
Sandmen these techniques.

covered use of Ph:

Briefly, dreamhealing repairs the bodies of mortals while
they sleep by tricking the brain into accelerating the body's
release of growth hormones naturally released during sleep.
Those who have studied it report that it requires a strong
emotional investment in the mortal to be healed.

As it obviously violates the Dictum Mortuum, the
Hierarchy's official stance on Mending is that use of it con-
stitutes a breach of Charon's law. However, the Hierarchy
says nothing about teaching the art of Mending. It is a trib-
ute to the adage "you can't keep a good idea down" that even
the staunchest defenders of the Dictum Mortuum secretly seek
Mending mentors.

In the five years since its inception, the art has attracted
many members of other Guilds. It has proven particularly
popular with wraiths who in life practiced medicine, particu-
larly alternative techniques such as holistic healing, acupunc-
ture and psychology. A recent trend among many of the
wraiths who know (and presumably practice) Mending is to
carry with them aspected Sand that makes mortals dream of
death or unending sleep. They say that such Sand "symbol-
izes the ability" to trick mortals into believing they've been
asleep longer than they actually have. Who is fooled by this?
The Sand enables them to practice Mending. Period.


"Where goeth a spent dream? To the Realm of Somnus. Shall
I take thee there?"

— The Dream Lord Pytheas

Legends speak of Ferrymen who have so mastered ourarv
that their Spectacles melt away Oblivion and transport the
Tempest-weary traveler to her destination in the blinkof an:
eye. Called Dream Lords, they are Ferrymen who oneé num-
bered themselves among Sandmen, and now continue to spe-
cialize in the art of Phantasm. It is said that their powers bor-
der on the miraculous: They can send Spectres into eternal
Slumber, perform massive Spectacles without extras, disguise
themselves as Malfeans, and walk for days among the living
as flesh-and-blood illusions.

Colleagues who have had the rare opportunity to meet a
Dream Lord find them alien. Their eyes shine with the dark,
mysterious light of creation and illusion, and they smile wryly
at the depth of our misunderstanding. Moreover, Dream/Lords:
never speak; they communicate through waking'dreains. Iyis
speculated that Dream Lords spin svebs,ofsintéféonnected
dreams, so that they are in constantéommunication with each
other, but even this is not known for certain.

Paphians (Primadonnas, Dream Whores)

"Hypocrites, all hypocrites! How can the Unionists call us whores
when they beg like dogs for the chance to perform for wealthy patrons?"

— Sandeep Joy, Circle of Aphrodite, Stygian Paphic
Tattoo #2708

Those of you who have never béen to, Stygia may not
know that the Hierarchy there petmitsithe practice of a form
of legalized prostitution known as Cyprianisms Practitioners
of Cyprianism, Paphians (also known, toUnionists as Dream
Whores and Primadonnas) hire themselves out tolbestow fan-
tasies on paying customers. Paphians typically Moliate them-
selves into a huge variety of beautiful forms,.but ean all be
identified by the Cyprian tattoo they bear. By law, customers
should only conduct business with tattooed\Paphians, since
they are legally regulated by the state, but in, reality some-
times unregulated freelancers find themselves playing) the
Paphian to pay the rent. Because many Guild Sandmen'look:
down their noses at such practices, much hostilityhas arisen
between Unionists and freelancers over Cyprianisms

Fortfers (Psychoneitists)

"Most of us do not realize the value of practice when it comes
to resisting our Shadows. What better way to practice than in
dreams?"

— Ingrid Hotchkiss, Apprentice Fortifier, Boston
Necropolis

Some freelancers and even some Unionists have found
that acting alone does not suffice — for them, it is merely en-
tertainment, mental engagement without lasting substance.
Searching for enlightenment, they see the art of Phantasm as a
means of overcoming their own Shadows and fortifying the
Eidolon. Their motto is "Through illusion, reality," and anum-
ber of these searchers have banded together to form a pseudo-
Guild known as the Fortifiers. Together, they attempt to drain
Shadows of their power via dream roleplay. Apprentices and
Journeymen are taught to discern the psychology of a wraith's
Shadow, often spending time studying under Pardoners. As
Apprentices, they undergo numerous tests of strength against
their Shadows staged by other Fortifier Sandmen in their
dreams. When they become Journeymen they are permitted to
use Phantasm) to test another wraith's strength against his
Shadow. As Masters, they refine the art, aiming to achieve Tran-
scendence by putging themselves of their Shadows altogether.
Lately, Fortifiers have come under much criticism for the
danger their own Shadows pose to others. If their own Shad-
‘ows emerge during a Fortification (as they call a dream in
whichia wraith must fight his Shadow), they have the poten-
tial todo treméndous\damage to the wraith under their min-
istrations« Because such occurrences are not unheard of, many
Neétpolishave outlawed the presence of Fortifier Circles.

« ‘
Niehtriders

"Brainsurfing is beyond a kick) dude. It's extreme. Wanna
try it?"

Rich Cantrell, freelancer, Necropolis San Francisco

I've had several apprentices whose hobby is "brainsurfing"
— riding from-oné mortal's dreams to another in rapid pro-
gression. They belong toa more general group of younger
Sandmen known as Nightriders. Some of you may even be-
long to this class of wraiths.

Nightriders have a number of other irresponsible hobbies as
well: "soulslipping," for instance, and "horrorizing." Soulslipping
involves slipping a mortal's dreaming soul in and out of the body
as fast as possible, usually causing the mortal to wake up confused
and groggy. Nightriders usually only practice Soulslipping asa prank
or an adolescent test of their dexterity with Phantasm.

Horroriging compares unfavorably with real nightmares,
whichall Sandmen create at some point in their careers, in that
it shows.an almost Philistine lack of artistic creativity — like
reading 'limericks at a poets' convention. When Nightriders
horforize a mortal, they drag the mortal's soul, kicking and scream-
ing, to the nearest Nihil and dump it unceremoniously in. There
is no subtlety or personal horror involved, nothing to be gained
by Such a display of the impersonal horrors of Oblivion. In short,
many Nightriders horrorize mortals because they enjoy the
power trip. As far as I'm concerned, while Nightriding may be
‘a necessary stage in one's career as a Sandman, it is, hopefully,
one which passes with the wisdom of experience.


" <
Nett Terors/Night Anges

"The face of exquisite beauty can be had for hire, but the soul
of itis not for sale. That is a favour only devotion can win."

—lIa Vanpée, Masterclass Night Angel, Paris Necropolis

Just as sometimes mortals (and even wraiths) have need
of assassins, wraiths sometimes need Night Terrors. Night Ter-
torsare Sandmen who work with Proctors to create nightmares
of such magnitude that mortals awaken howling in terror in
the middle of the night — but it doesn't stop there. The Proc-
tors involved appear just as the mortal awakens, carrying the
moment of terror into waking life. Other wraiths usually hire
Night Terrors to assassinate a mortal who has done them grave
wrong — often to resolve a Fetter. Typically the mortal has a
condition, such as a weak heart, that makes him susceptible to
terror attacks. Wraiths also hire Night Terrors as a scare tactic
tocommand mortal compliance. Needless to say, if the Dream
Union ever catches a Sandman working as a Night Terror, it
marks him with a sigil of banishment which prevents him from
ever receiving the benefits of the Guild again.

Night Angels are an entirely different story. Extremely rare
because of poor employment opportunities, they are neverthe-
less much sought-after by the Guild for their mastery of beauty's
portrayal. Those who hire Night Angels (they always work in
pairs) generally intend to inspire or reward mortals with visions
of extreme heavenly splendor and otherworldly grace. I once
knew an Anacreon in the Legion of the Laughing Lady (who
shall remain nameless, as I do not wish a permanent holiday in
the forges) who'd fallen desperately in love with a living woman
who had no idea he existed. So desperate did he become that he
hired a pair of Night Angels to compose and perform an exquis-
ite dream sequence about him, at the end of which the woman
awakened to find an Embodied Angel, radiating delicate light
like a seraph, floating above her. In the years that followed, the
mortal woman's longing to recapture the moment of that dream
led her to obsession, insanity and finally death. Tragically, the
Anacreon would have been united with his love under the Seat
of Succor the very day of her death had he not fallen during an
assault by Spectres on his Necropolis the evening before.

Potters

"Hamlet's mousetrap, Sleuth — these are child's play com-
pared to the most mundane schemes constructed by the Hierarchy's
finest Plotters."

— Bethany Ladimer/Shomon Morahg Construct, House
of Melded Souls, Stygia

Ihave heard that some freelancers have such charisma, cun-
ning and strategy-sense that the Stygian lords adopt them as their
personal "Plotters." Sandmen who secretly use their talents to help
create Machiavellian schemes for their lord against other lords,
Plotters usually rise from the ranks of the most talented Stygian
freelancers. They are master storycrafters and psychologists, some-
how managing to keep the frenzied layers of court intrigue straight

Act II: Somnus' People


Dreaming States

Sleep is a complex state, as those of you
who have not studied oneirology will soon
learn. Here is some terminology you should
know if you are going to move with ease
among groups of diverse Sandmen:

REM Sleep: A stage of sleep character-
ized by rapid eye movement and voluntary
muscle paralysis. Dreams occur most fre-
quently during this stage of sleep, and mor-
tals awakened during REM sleep are most
likely to remember their dreams. You will
find it easiest to slip souls from sleeping bod-
ies when they are in REM.

NREM Sleep: The stage of sleep, some-
times known as deep sleep, during which eye
movement is slow or absent and muscle pa-
ralysis and movement are not important fac-
tors. Dreams do occur during NREM, al-
though less frequently than in REM sleep.
When asleep, normal Skinlanders spend
equal amounts of time in REM and NREM.
As they age, mortals spend less time in the
deeper forms of NREM.

Hypnagogic Sleep: The stage of sleep
between wakefulness and REM, characterized
more by groggy thinking and worrying than
by dreaming with all its attendant plots and
colorful fantasies. Hypnagogic states are said
to be similar to experiences in sensory depri-
vation, psychedelic drug use and meditation.

Hypnopompic Sleep: The stage of sleep
just before waking, opposite hypnagogic
sleep.

Lucid Dreaming: A sleep state in which
the dreamer becomes aware of and can con-

trol her dreams. Currently, lucid dreaming is
a popular research topic among the Quick,
with studies done of dreamers who learn to
lucid dream and communicate their state with
researchers through eye and other nonverbal
signals. It is impossible to control a lucid
dream using Phantasm, and thus many
Sandmen protect their favorite dreamers from
nightmares by inducing this state.

Narcolepsy: A disorder characterized by
the inability to remain awake longer than a
few hours. Narcolepsy is thought to be related
to epilepsy, and tends to make sufferers REM-
prone, as they enter REM immediately upon
falling asleep.

Nightmares/Night Terrors: Nightmares
differ from night terrors in that they occur
during REM sleep and usually have a plot
accompanied by vivid images. Night terrors
occur during deep NREM sleep during the
first two hours of the night, and are charac-
terized by single images rather than complex
plots.

Sleep Apnea: A breathing disorder that
occurs during sleep in which breathing shal-
lows or stops, and the sleeper awakens to re-
store the flow of air. Severe cases of sleep ap-
nea (in which the sleeper awakens hundreds
of times a night) disrupt the sleep cycle and
make it virtually impossible for Sandmen to
control the sleeper's dreams.

Somnambulism: Sleepwalking. This usu-
ally occurs during deep NREM sleep, during
which the sleeper's brain sends out signals
typical of a relaxed, waking state.


in their minds. The best Plotters usually also manage to work their
signature Arcanos into their plots as a central strategy.

Some say that the Dream Union uses Plotters to great ef-
fect, creating counterespionage within counterespionage. Oth-
ers believe that, thanks to the cunning efforts of their Plotters,
the Hierarchy has placed spies within the highest ranks of the'
Dream Union. Still others think that Plotters remain loyal only
to themselves and are secretly betraying both Sandmen/and
Stygian lords. The truth, though difficult to discern, wouldseerty
to lie somewhere in the middle.

Playwrights (Dreamatursists)

"A topical treatment of Charon's battle with Gorool?dl may
be an Apprentice and a fool, but I'm not an idiot."

—Francine Ringold, Union Playwright, Boulder Necropolis

One of the two most popular avocations for Sandmen (the
other being acting), Playwrights (also jokingly known as
Dreamaturgists) consist of those Sandmen who-ttaft dreams.
into stories to be performed by acting troupés!\ThegDream
Union and many freelancers consider/a gdod.Playwright more
valuable than a whole troupe of medigere actors; if any of you
are budding Playwrights, keep pra¢tiéing" Of course}yas'in-the
Skinlands, becoming an UnderwWorld-class Playwright takes
courage, devotion, talent and nor a little/luck/ But if you're
good, your future among your Chosen grotip will besecure.

In the Union, acting woupes employ lesser-known Play4
wrights to compose dream sequences tailored for their particular
talents. Less often, Playwrights seek work from troupes on a ¢on>
tact basis. Unionist troupes rarely take workefrom freelancers:

Freelancers without permanent engagements in Stygia
(also known as Bards) travel betweem,Nectopoli with/their
freelancing troupes. Often, they serve double duty as actors, or
Ringmasters, themselves. A familiar and welcome sight for
weary intercity travelers is the brightly painted wooden wagon,
clinking with intermingled props and cookware and bedecked
with translucent gossamer pennants, the sigtvof the Sandman.
Such wagons serve as transportation, shelterticket booth, stage
and scenery; the Sandmen who maintain them show amazing
creativity in their use of space.

Specialists

Most troupes, which generally form affiliations with theaters,
do not consist entirely of Actors and Playwrights; the stagehands,
the artists, the musicians — these are a necessary and important
part ofa dream production, as well. As.a consequence, many troupes
hire Masquers and Chanteurs to provide scenery, costume and song.
Indeed, a Bard's most frequent traveling companions are Masquers
and Chanteurs, as well as Oracles, as they provide some necessary:
variety and complement a traveling Sandman's ability well.

On occasion, you will hear of troupes who hire specialists to
serve a specific niche within their theatre community. I will men-
tion only a few of these because the list is long.

Oneiric Pacers

One of the most difficult specialties to master is oneiric
pacing, the ability to pace staged dreams to match the imagi-
native capacities of the dreamer. In theatres known for per-
forming particularly complex or horrific venues, Directors hire
‘Oneiric Pacers to help actors avoid damaging mortals' dream-
ing souls. Theatres hiring them typically avoid advertising the
fact, since the presence of an Oneiric Pacer essentially consti-
tutes an admission that the theatre is violating Charon's Code.
Fifty-two, years ago to this day, Hierarchy Minister Justin
McCann ordered Dream's Eye Theatre in the Dallas Necropolis
burned tothe ground when he heard that Oneiric Pacer Dixan
Chenilly worked there on commission. When an Artificer's
forge was erected in its place, both Unionist and freelance
Sandmen criticized McCann's actions as unnecessary, as they
resonated of the inflammatory actions taken during the War of
the Guilds. Hierarchy officials didn't comment.

Symbolist

Most popular in the French Underworld but now making
inroads elsewhere, Sandmen in this profession study dream sym-
bolism — its uses, how best to incorporate it in dreams, how it
differssamong cultures,and so forth. Now, most of you have
been initiated to some extent into the uses of symbolism, but
Symbolists make it the purpose ‘of their existence. Some even
go so far as to-study a particular subject's personal symbolism
for months-before Visiting her with a dream that features one
Particularly important symbol.

You can generally pick Smbolists out of a crowd by look-
ing for Sandmen dressed in abstract gossamer and berets. They
talk a lot about their tritimphs, sometimes even naming them as
if they were works of art — how, for instance, they managed to
convey a sense of profound materialism and regret in "Abstract
Study in Green, #46."/ Usually, the other Symbolists listening
solemnly nod their heads, careful to convey their profound un-
derstanding, then, like clockwork, go on to lionize their own
works. Younger actors enjoy, as they say, "razzing" Symbolists at
parties because they often take themselves too seriously.

Wordsmiths

Tt is truly said that no one has as great a sense of fun as a
Wordsmith. Wordsmiths are the ultimate punsters, witlings, wise-
crackers, reparteeists and quippers, with specializations in ana-
grams, logograms, logogriphs, metagrams, acrostics, amphiboles,
palindromes, portmantologisms, double-entendres and ripostes.
Any mortal who's dreamt of clever wordplay or uncovered a pun
ina series of symbols has hosted a Wordsmith for a night.

Because of the degree of specialization required, Sandmen
usually only moonlight as Wordsmiths. Patrons' requests for
wordplay are rare but lucrative when they occur (some Sandmen
joke that Wordsmiths also specialize in a form of persuasion
called Pay Raise).

Act II: Somnus' People 3


Dream Trivia

Other interesting trivia that is useful to
know at Venues and salon

© Tryptophan, an amino acid found in pro-
tein-rich foods, can trigger nightmares.

© Balladeers of the Tibetan "Gesar," the
longest ballad in the world (it has over a mil-
lion lines with thousands of characters), claim
to "inherit" the song in a dream.

¢ Depressed mortals dream less vividly,
have fewer characters in their dreams, and re-
call less of them.

¢ Men tend to dream of other men more
than of women, while women dream of both
sexes equally.

¢ Seventy percent of all dreams are in
color.

¢ The only mammals that do not dream
every night are' the spiny anteater and the
duckbilled platypus.

© The Quick experience approximately
136,000 dreams in a lifetime, spending the
equivalent of six years in REM.

© Before age seven, children are generally

not the protagonists in their own dreams.

Wordsmiths open venues at which they practice
their art. Some of these clubs throw parties open to other
the chance, especially you future
Playwrights, attend one. You'll find inspiration in your ho:
dexterous minds, and because of the popularity of these par-
ties, you may have a chance to meet the stars among Sandmen.

State Artisans

Not all

joy the more scientific aspec

Sandmen. If you ever hav

Sandmen special
of our art. State Art spe-
cialize in inducing specific dream states: hypnagogic, hypno-
pompic, NREM, REM and lucid dreaming. They also experi-
ment with dream incubation during bouts of narcolepsy and
somnambulism. A few have tried to induce similar states in

wraiths during Slumber, but largely unsuccessfully; they have

44 Guildbook: Sandmen

¢ Sleeping newborns are in REM sleep 50%
of the time. Adolescents are in REM 20-25%
of the time, and the elderly experience REM
only 18% of the time.

¢ LSD and nicotine withdrawal increases
the amount of time the Quick spend dreamin,
while tranquilizers decrease time spent in
dreams and distort dreaming.

¢ Adults find it easiest to sleep and dream
in midafternoon.

¢ Artists and creative people, as well as
those who are more open and sensitive, tend to
be more prone to recurring nightmares.

© Most people are effectively paralyzed dur-
ing REM sleep; there are, however, a few rare
people who act out their dreams. Doctors usu-
ally prescribe the drug Clonazepam to treat this
condition.

¢ Three neurotransmitters in the mortal
brain turn dreaming on and off: acetylcholine
turns it on, and norepinephrine and serotonin
turn it off.

© In ancient Greece, dreams were thought
to be messages from the gods.

found that plasm does not undergo the same physiological
responses that flesh experiences during sleep.

State Artisans are popular among troupes of actors who
work with them to produce certain effects. For instance, they
can create hypnagogic dream states which occur at the onset
of sleep and are primarily verbal and straightforward,
panied by a feeling of strangeness and sensations of floating
or falling. Lucid dreaming, on the other hand,
ized by a complex "double awarenes:
ness that she is dreaming. NREM dreams tend to be more
logical and deal directly with current events in the dreamer's
life, while REM dreams are vivid, comple

charac
" the dreamer's aware-

, and bizarre.

If a troupe wants a dreamer to remember a dream in vivid
detail, State Artisans can awaken the dreamer during REM
sleep. If a troupe is enacting a patron's vengeance or is feeling
particularly malicious, the ate Artisan to


withhold REM sleep from a dreamer. Many mortal studies have
shown that reduced REM sleep leaves the Quick anxious, fa-
tigued, unable to concentrate or even to remember recently
learned information. Prolonged REM deprivation (six months
or more) suppresses the release of growth hormones and can
even kill brain cells. Some Master State Artisans can awakena
part of the mortal brain while it is in NREM sleep, tricking it
into causing the living to sleepwalk. It is also said that certain
Master State Artisans can induce narcolepsy in the Quick by
sending them into REM sleep while they are wide awake.

Sit Guides

Among the Heretic freelancers of the Southwest, af an-
cient visionquest tradition exists. During these ceremonies,
Sandmen known as Spirit Guides visit relatives or tribe mem-
bers undergoing a visionquest and lead them' to a better under-
standing of their own natures. To do so, they send dreams of an.
animal guide or totem which best represents the dreamer's na-
ture. Spirit Guides often work with shamanistic Oracles to peer:
into the dreamer's future and craft the dream so that it/helps the
dreamer understand herself well enough to.chodse wisely among
her future paths.

Once a Spirit Guide has chosenva dreamer, he appears before
her in totemic form on occasion,throughout the rest of her life.
Spirit Guides generally appear only when a ¢rucidl life decision or
an event that will have wide répercussions is before the dreamer,

Succubi / incubi

Legends abound of exquisitely sexy fiend' who assume fe>
male or male form to have sex with mortals in their sleep. Well,
the legends are true — at least, everything but the fiend part.
Certain Sandmen enjoy seducing the Quick in dreams, andial-
most all mortals enjoy being so seduced. Troupes regularly em-
ploy Succubi and Incubi, since there is no substitute for some-
one who really knows how to seduce the living, Many Sandmen
forget the feel of flesh on flesh when they passthrough the Shroud.
Succubi and Incubi do not. They know just whére:to touch.

Masters of this art can seduce the Deadduring Slumber,
enchant a Heretic with a thread of gossamer, Or make a Hier-
arch sigh with longing for the touch of a warm hand on\ her,
thigh. Legends speak of Arch-Succubi who, aftet seducing a.
mortal, can conceive wraithly infants by possessing the souls
of ones who have recently died; similar legends tell of Arch-
Incubi who make mortal women conceive children who are
later stillborn. Some Sandmen speculate that Benandanti are
the result of a successful union of Incubus and mortal.

Wandering Troupes

Not all Sandmen work with dreams as part of their regu-
lar employment. Some simply stage dramatic performances
similar in most respects to those staged by mortal actors, bal-
lerinas, jugglers, magicians, clowns and so forth. Many

Sandmen work with Chanteurs, Masquers and Oracles to vary
the entertainment and draw in more diverse crowds.

Such troupes wander from locale to locale/offering per-
formances to passers-by and arranging brief engagements on
the outskirts of many Necropoli. Some troupes specialize in
certain forms of entertainment: traveling circuses, juggling
and even fortune-telling are popular. Other, more ambitious
troupes attempt ballet and other forms of dance, as well as s0-
called,"wagon plays" (plays performed on and around troup
wagons) and outdoor theatre.

qhePatiahs

Few realize it, but Phantasm is a powerful Arcanos when
used with imagination and creativity, two characteristics
which Sandmen possess in abundance. Unfortunately, because
it is powerful, it has the potential to be powerfully misused.
Sandmen:generally believe that the following two specializa-
tions in Phantasm constitute abuse, and label those who en-
gage in such activities "pariahs."

Collectors

Collectors are Oblivion-tainted Sandmen who collect
and imprison sleeping souls. Skinlanders explain away many
of these lost souls with references to comas, sleeping sick-
ness, and neurological disorders, but a significant percentage
of those who fall(asleep never to awaken comprise Collec-
tors' victims.

Teannot claim to.understand the psychology of a Collec-
tor. Perhaps he-believes that these collected souls constitute
personal power, or he hopes that they will somehow bestow on
him fame and glory. Whatever the case may be, Collectors
sicken the majority of Sandmen because they imprison what
was meant to be free. If you ever run across or even hear ru-
mots\of\a Collector, by all means, let others know. Sometimes
it is possible to find/their haunts and release their victims.

Dopplers

Dopplérsmake a habit out of using the art of Supplant,
an offshoot/of Phantasm. By stuffing souls into the wrong
sleeping bodies, Dopplers can drive the Quick mad. Some say
that the Laughing Lady keeps a retinue of Dopplers at her
beck and call. It is further rumored among Renegades that
she ‘often commands these Dopplers to switch the souls of
two sleeping mortals who have insulted or angered her in some
way, thereby eventually driving them insane.

Again, if you hear of Dopplers among us, report them.
Returning the souls of their victims to the proper bodies is
relatively easy (as long as both bodies still live), and many
freelancers and Unionist Dreamcrafters offer rewards for such
aid. I have even heard of cases in which exorcisms performed
by the faithful Quick returned the souls to their proper bod-
ies, but I cannot vouch for the accuracy of these reports.

Act II: Somnus' People

‘


A sweet thing, for whatever time,

to revisit in dreams the dear dead we have lost.
— Euripides, Alcestis, 355

hantasm: an Arcanos, a profession, a call-
ing and what sardonic Sandmen call "a
way of life." Every Necropolis desires Pag-
eants, so the Sandmen's art of illusion
gives them a means and a reason to jour
ney through the Shadowlands. Risking
the dangers of Underworld travel,
Sandmen pursue their own dreams by crafting and perform-
ing dreams for others.

The itinerant Dreamweavers tend to be cosmopolitan,
moving easily through all levels of society. Because they carry
news between Necropoli, troupes of Sandmen have occasion-
ally escaped disaster at the hands of Legionnaires, marauding
slavers and sometimes even Spectres. The price of escape may
be as small as a piece of news or a free performance.

On the other hand, for the same reasons that some at-
tackers spare Sandmen, others assault troupes with special
ferocity. An actor's life, even after it ends, is seldom easy.

[raining

An education in Phantasm involv

s learning to under-
stand the mind. In the realm where one's Shadow roams freely,
psychology is better developed, but the learning is esoteric
and requires a teacher.

Guild Members

Sandmen who belong to a Guild Circle find teachers more
easily and pay them less than do those outside the Guild.
Teachers of Phantasm are not usually mysterious — most are
authentic celebrities, the Underworld's finest actors and
Dreamcrafters — but they are often inaccessible. They travel
everywhere on tight schedules; worse, untalented would-be
students besiege them with requests for tutoring. If nothing

Act III: Systems 47


else, Guild membership (or the Mentor background) opens
the door. After that, the hopeful applicant is on her own.

Roleplay the bargaining over the price for training. In
general, lesser uses of Phantasm (one or two dots) are cheap;
for each dot in the ability the student desires, a teacher re-
quires one year of service and a token price of one obolus. For
higher abilities, the price per dot and the training time may
double or triple. The service includes help in staging the
teacher's Spectacles, running errands, bodyguard duty, or any-
thing else the teacher wants. Many a Sandman-hopeful has
spent years laboring as an understudy to the understudy, sup-
porting himself by hawking his elusive mentor's cheap gossa-
mer to a worshipful public and promising himself that his big
break will come any day now. If McDonald's existed in the
Underworld, he'd have a day job flipping burgers and day-
dreaming.

Outside the Guild

Without the Mentor background or membership in the
Dreamcrafters' Guild, a student seeking a teacher faces still
greater difficulty. In addition to ordinary compensation, the
teacher demands that the student show proof of ability. By
custom this proof involves image-bartering.

The teacher asks the student to bring in "a vivid image"
of something the teacher hasn't seen before. She might make
a general request ("I want to see a really morbid example of
Oblivion") or set a specific task ("Show me the face of the
Laughing Lady").

The student journeys to the specified scene, studies and
memorizes it, then returns to the teacher. Using Dreams of
Sleep (Phantasm 3), the teacher causes the student to Slum-
ber, then studies the image in dream. If she finds the student's
eye discriminating and his imagination sharp, she may ac-
cept him as a student.

Note that students who ask to learn powerful and ma-

levolent abilities, such as Agon, face even more demanding

proofs. Teachers are reluctant to disseminate this knowledge
to any but the most responsible Sandmen.

qhe Learning Curve

Training time is up to the Storyteller. Gen-
erally, the specified length of service easily pro-
vides enough time. The Storyteller may find
it convenient to allot a character's training to
the time between stories.

he Storyteller may wish to enhance the
basic Phantasm ability Sleepsense to let the
Sandman observe not only the dreams of
sleeping mortals, but also the dreams other
Sandmen create, modify or recall. This lets
fellow Sandmen exchange information
and demonstrate techniques more easily.

Some of the new arts/listed, below do not work against
wraiths. In these cases, the Storyteller may allow a Sandman
with the Dreams of Sleep art (Phantasm 3) to make a Percep-
tion + Phantasm roll, difficulty 8, Stuccess lets the Sandman
target a wraith with/a Phantasmal/artirhat ordinarily works
only on mortals. The othér art's successes cannot exceed the
number of successes on the Dreams of Sleep roll.

* Cognizance

This anciénearwléts a Slumbering wraith defend against a
Sandman' dreamt manipulations orether Phantasinal effects.
The wraith becomes ‘aware thathe.isdreaming, assets his will
over the dream, and either directs ibor awakens fromiit.

Many Sandmen train themselves to-achieve Cognizance
automatically upon entering Slumber: They, also use,this art
to induce lucid dreams in favored dreamers, thereby/protect-
ing the mortals from hostile Sandmen.

System: \The playet rolls Wits + Phantasms In the ab-
sence of another'sinterference, the difficulty is/7; otherwise,
the difficulty:equals the interfering Dreamcrafter's Willpower.
Each success tolled subtracts one success /from attempts to
change the dream. If the successes rolled exceed the number
of successes rolled,using Dreams of Sleep,to make the wraith
fall asleep, the Cognizant Wraith may either awaken instantly
or pretend to be asleep. A botch means that the difficulty of
any roll to interfere with the wraith'sdream is reduced by 1.

The wraith may use Cognizancewhile awake to protect an-
other dreamer (the target)\from, the effects of a third party (the
manipulator). If the wraith rollsyat least one success, the target
dreamer immediately receivesjan opposed Intelligence + Subter-
fuge roll to resist the manipulator; the difficulty of the target's
roll is reduced by 1 for each success on the Cognizance roll.

This art costs no Pathos when used to defend oneself. It
costs 1 Pathos to defend another.

+ Conclave

For most of this century the Guild has escaped the
Hierarchy's attention by conducting meetings in Dreamscapes.
This art lets the wraith meet with fellow Sandmen at a prear-


ranged dream location. Reaching this communal dream is not

amatter of travel, but rather of selecting elements of the ever-
changing dreamscape: a setting, a tone, a cast of performers.

Like a set designer arranging a stage, the Sandman arrives at
the proper vision — and finds that other members of the Guild

have shown up, too. The meeting commences with little

at
emony, but, more often than not, much showmanship.
System: To attend, the wraith must know the location
of the Conclave. The player rolls Perception + Phantasm
(difficulty 7). The suce
wraith may remain at the Conclave: one sui

ses rolled determine how long the
ss allow

sa few

minutes; two successes, an hour; three, a scene; and so on.
The wraith may attend the Conclave either while awake or
while Slumbering, but in both cases, the Corpus is incapable
of action while the wraith is "out." Any Corpus damage in-
flicted upon a wraith in Conclave will instantly pull the
Sandman's spirit back into its Corpus.

This art costs no Pathos.

‘
Lingua

Through symbolism and imagery, the Sandman commu-
nicates ideas across language barriers. Its range resembles that

of the parlor game Charades, but creative Dreamcrafters can
convey messages of unexpected complexity.

RiTeHie \

BS
any
(ns .
Lingua is quite old and was independently developed in
many Underworld cultures. Eduard Hanslick, a German mu-
sic critic in the 19th century and now a Domem in Stygia,
traces Lingua's origin to Orpheus, whose beautiful singing was
supposed to conjure visions in the air. But Dream-Painter
Ngaio Atakpame of the Dark Kingdom of lvory points to the
still more ancient myths of the Bantu god Bumba, creator
and lawgiver, who made his will known to worshippers through
dreams and visions.
System: The player rolls Intelligence + Phantasm. The
message's complexity determines the roll's difficulty. "Beware,
there is danger" is difficulty 5, whereas "The Hierarchy has

tricked a Spectre into attacking your city's Guild Sandmen
during the next eclipse" is difficulty 8. Communication of
abstract ideas ("The nature of dream clearly displays the vi-
tality of Jungian archetypes") is usually impossible.

The number of successes determines how quickly the tar-

get grasps the idea. One success means the target must pon-

der the message for a scene, rolling Intelligence + Enigmas
(difficulty 6) to get the message. More successes will reduce
the time spent in interpretation and reduce the difficulty of
the target's Intelligence + Enigmas roll.

This art costs 1 Pathos.


+ Inspire

This ancient art inclines a mortal to express herself ar-
tistically, or causes an established artist to conceive a great
work in a dream or vision. (Unlike Muse [Keening 3], Inspire
exercises the target's own creativity.) The Inspired work re-
flects the Fetters, Passions or even the Shadow of the inspir-
ing Sandman. The act of inspiration should be unique for
each use of the art; the player should devise an appropriate
dream and suggest to the Storyteller a work that might come
from this.

System: The player rolls Expression + Phantasm (diffi-
culty 7). To inspire an unwilling or untalented mortal, the
difficulty is 8. The more successes the player rolls, the more
fervent and creative the artist's inspiration. Five or more suc-
cesses may inspire an entirely new school of artistic pursuit.

A large or revolutionary work may require an extended
roll, as the Sandman must inspire the artist several times dur-
ing its creation. A botch results in a work that is an embar-
rassment in the artist's career, while the artist himself remains
blind to its failings. A botch experienced during an extended
roll irreparably mars the creation.

This art costs 1 Pathos.

~ Mending

This recent development in Phantasm has excited inter-
est among even the most blasé Sandmen. By tricking the
mortal brain into accelerating its release of the tissue repair
hormones naturally released during sleep, the Sandman uses
a dreamer's body to heal itself. This art heals only normal
(nonaggravated) damage, and the target must be unconscious.

System: The player rolls Phantasm + Empathy (difficulty
equals current injury level + Health Levels the Sandman
wishes to heal). Every success rolled heals one Health Level
of damage and costs the wraith 2 Pathos. The roll cannot
heal more Health Levels than the chosen difficulty level al-
lows. If the mortal is the Sandman's Fetter, the difficulty is
reduced by 2.

For example, a Sandman's former lover is cruelly beaten
by a thug (Health Level: Incapacitated). Losing blood quickly,
she passes out. The Sandman wants to heal her at least enough
to stop the blood flow, bring her to consciousness, and let her
crawl to safety. He rolls his Phantasm + Empathy versus diffi-
culty 9 (Incapacitated = 7, and the Sandman wishes to heal
two Health Levels). He rolls three successes, but only two
apply because of the chosen difficulty level. Healing two
Health Levels, he brings his lover back up to Mauled, so that
she can wake up and hobble to find help.

The Sandman may try to heal a given target only once per
scene. A botch means the Sandman loses the Pathos without
healing any damage, and acquired a point of temporary Angst.

50

+ Incubus

Mortal psychologists call it an "incubus nightmare." The
sleeper feels an oppressive weight on his chest, sometimes
visualized as a horrible catlike creature, and senses his vital-
ity draining away. He wakes in a cold sweat.

This nightmare art, the Phantasmal equivalent of the
Usury ability Transfer, lets a Sandman drain energy from the
mortal victim as Pathos. The nightmare itself lasts only a
minute or so, but the preparation requires three hours, be-
cause the mortal must be deeply asleep.

Only certain rare mortals are susceptible to incubus night-
mares. The susceptibility develops in adulthood, often in cre-
ative people. A wraith can sense a mortal's susceptibility us-
ing the basic Fatalism ability Kismet or the basic Usury abil-
ity Assessment. Sandmen sometimes discover susceptible
mortals by happening upon an incubus nightmare in progress.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Phantasm (difficulty
7). The number of successes is the amount of Pathos the wraith
drains from the victim. The Sandman cannot drain a victim
more than once per week.

This art costs no Pathos, but the wraith's Shadow gains
temporary Angst equal to the Pathos collected.

ww Oneirataxia

This art, very old and now fallen into disrepute, does not
keep the target mortal from sleeping, but rather from dream-
ing. Because dreams are critical to the mental health of mor-
tals, dreamlessness brings mental upset and eventual mad-
ness. Ultimately the target lives a waking dream, unable to
distinguish fantasy from reality. This art does not work on
Slumbering wraiths under any circumstances.

Oneirataxia became unpopular after the Sandman Herve
de Maupassant (died 1889) had it used against his still-living
brother, the French short story writer Guy de Maupassant. Herve,
psychotic and immature in life, took posthumous vengeance on.
Guy, who had confined Herve in an asylum, by selling his own
Corpus to a Night Terror in exchange for the elder Sandman's
agreement to use Oneirataxia on Guy. Plagued by grief,
dreamlessness, and daytime visions of awful supernatural creatures
(depicted in his last story, "The Wolf'), Guy attempted suicide in
1892. He failed in this attempt, but only survived another year
as a lunatic; apparently he never arrived in the Shadowlands.

System: In an extended roll, the player rolls Manipula-
tion + Phantasm (difficulty 8 or the target's Willpower, which-
ever is higher). The target may resist by using Wits + Medita-
tion (difficulty 8). Each success indicates a night of dream-
less sleep. For each three consecutive dreamless nights, the
target's Mental and Social Attributes are reduced by one dot
each (minimum one). The target recovers one dot per re-
duced Attribute if the wraith botches any roll. After con-


secutive dreamless nights equal to three times the number of
dots in the target's highest Mental Attribute (minimum of
six nights), the target goes insane.

The wraith may continue the extended roll, accumulat-
ing more successes. When the total successes reach 20, the
target has suffered permanent, incurable brain damage. If the
chain of consecutive dreamless nights is broken before this
point, the target recovers one dot in each reduced Attribute
for each night of peaceful, dreaming sleep. A wraith who wants
to induce brain damage must start over again from zero.

This art costs 2 Pathos per use, and the wraith's Shadow
gains 1 point of Permanent Angst when the mortal goes mad.

wm Supplant

Just as a ruthless Sandman can tear a mortal soul from its
body, so can she cram the same soul into a different sleeping
body. Upon waking, the original soul snaps back to its proper
shell, but the effect of the separation is powerful. In the fol-
lowing weeks, the victim of a Supplanting feels inexplicable
turmoil, sleeps restlessly, and experiences powerful visions of
death and change. These visions grow more frequent the more
times the soul is Supplanted, eventually driving the Sup-
planted mortal insane.

Twisted Sandmen have used this art to punish two of-
fending mortals by switching their souls, a fate much approved
of by the Laughing Lady. The effects of Supplant are never
predictable, although close study of each person victimized
might shed some light on the matter.

System: Before a soul can be Supplanted into a new body,
the art of Elysia (though some Dopplers prefer to use Agon) must
first be used to separate it from its original body. If this original
separation is not effected, then Supplant cannot be used.

To insert the soul into the target shell, the player rolls
Dexterity + Phantasm in an opposed roll against the disem-
bodied soul's Intelligence + Awareness. If the wraith's suc-
cesses exceed the soul's, the Supplanting works. Failure means
the soul returns to its native body, driving out any other soul
placed there. If another soul inhabits the target body, the
Supplanting fails automatically while still incurring the costs
associated with the art.

If a living person has her soul Supplanted into another
body and then dies before it is returned to its proper place,
she automatically becomes a wraith with a permanent Angst
equivalent to her Willpower, and the body containing her
soul at the time of her death becomes a Fetter.

Dopplering, the practice of slipping a soul in and out of a
body as rapidly as possible, requires only one roll each for the


uses of Elysia and Supplant involved. However, the difficulty
of each of these rolls is at +1, and any botch destroys the soul
the Doppler is playing with.

This art costs 3 Pathos, and the Sandman's Shadow gains
2 temporary Angst per use. Botching earns 3 points of tem-
porary Angst while still costing 3 Pathos.

Artitacts ot Dream

s theatrical folk, Sandmen keenly appre-
4j| ciate the value of props. They work with
MW) Axtificers to Empower artifacts, seek de-
K#]| vices from other Guilds that incorporate
aN convincing Arcanos effects into their il-
| lusions, and keep both (or however many)
eyes open for desirable relics. However,
the Dreamcrafter attitude toward these items is pragmatic. If
an artifact supports an illusion or expedites a novel dream,
well and good; otherwise, the Sandman generally sells or bar-
ters it for something that does.

Lo

Sand (Common, Level })

This shimmering material reduces the difficulty of Phan-
tasm. Harvesting Sand from the minds of a few gifted dream-
ers, the Sandmen scatter it by handfuls as they weave their
illusions. The rare people whose dreams produce Sand
("Sandmakers") are highly creative but have little outlet for
their talents: quadriplegics, autistic children, abused house-
wives and others. Their repressed creativity manifests as Sand.
A Sandman covets and protects a Sandmaker, often keeping
a lethal silence about the dreamer's identity and whereabouts.
Experienced Sandmen may know of three to five such dream-
ers. Infra-Guild battles of legendary proportions have been
waged over the rights to a given Sandmaker.

System: The actual harvesting of Sand requires a Dex-
terity + Phantasm roll (difficulty 7), assuming of course that
the setting of the dream is appropriate for a harvest. Sand is
always granular, but may take the form of s

a sand, cemetery
dust, ground bone or any other substance that is plausible in
the dream's setting. The acquisition of Sand is hardly an au-
tomatic process, especially the Sandman's entry into the


Sandmaker's dream and the changes the Sandman works there
that let the scene plausibly produce granular material that
can be harvested. Altering the dream to produce a workable
setting often requires creativity; trying to transplant a fac-
tory-floor anxiety nightmare to the beach simply won't work.

Each point of Sand spent on any Phantasm roll reduces
the roll's difficulty by 1 (minimum difficulty 2). Once spent,
the Sand is exhausted. A given Sandmaker produces one point
of Sand per story. After being harvested for Sand, a dreamer
feels drained and listless the next day. Changelings harvested
acquire one temporary point of Banality in addition to the
physiological effects.

Dreamspider (Luxury, Level 2)

By placing this crystalline spider-sculpture in a mortal's
dream, the Sandman may monitor the mortal's movements,
general feelings and physical condition during waking hours.
Not a creature but an automaton crafted by gifted Artificers,
the Dreamspider relays its reports to the Sandman upon re-
quest in a dull monotone, without capacity to judge or make
inferences.

The Dreamspider transforms to fit the host's dreamscape,
and in waking hours becomes a sequence of persistent, an-
noying thoughts. To power this transformation, a spider draws
energy from its host's imagination. The longer it is left in a
host, the greater the amount of creative energy it consumes,
and the less there is left to the host. Should a Dreamspider be
left in place too long, it drives the host into a torpid, dull-
witted state. (This outcome grants the Sandman's Shadow 1
point of temporary Angst.) More than one case of writer's
block has ensued when a negligent Sandman accidentally left
a Dreamspider in a host author for just one day too long.

Mirror of Memory (usury, Level 3)

Sandmen constructed these valuable mirrors in consulta-
tion with the Mnemoi (for more information on this Guild,
see the Wraith Player's Guide). A Mirror of Memory is a shal-
low bowl of Stygian iron engraved with evocative symbols.
When the Sandman spends 1 Pathos and concentrates on the
bowl, it apparently fills with a dark liquid, the stuff of dream
itself. In the still liquid the Sandman can see reflections of any
dream the Mirror's owner has created, inspired, or encountered
in the past. The effect lasts long enough to display a number of
dreams equal to the Sandman's Perception; then the liquid
vanishes. The Mirror works once per day.

A Mirror of Memory can serve as an interesting clue or a
Storyteller device for conveying information to the characters.

Dreamcatcher Luxury, Level 3)

Native Americans traditionally constructed
dreamcatchers to prevent bad dreams from reaching their
children. Nightmares would be trapped in the webbing, where
they would remain until evaporated by the sun's rays, while
good dreams "knew" their way through the hole in the web's
center and into the mind of the sleeping child.

Among wraiths, Sandmen construct Dreamcatchers to pro-
tect favored morta
can dreamcatchers, their webs, elaborately woven from spun

Sand, filter out nightmares and allow only good dreams in.

from bad dreams. Like the Native Ameri-

By spending one Pathos and placing a Dreamcatcher in a
mortal's dream, a Sandman prevents nightmares. The
Dreamcatcher may appear as something entirely different within
the context of the dream — a dam, a huge net, a magical garden
gate — but it always serves to keep something bad out of the dream.

53



Act IV:
And We Are Merely
ayers

I can hear the roar of a distant crowd
They are waiting for me

Calling my name

Shouting out loud

— Alan Parsons Project, "Limelight"

All Sandmen have two things in common: They know are intended to serve as character possibilities. You can use
the Arcanos Phantasm to one degree or another, and they _ them as is, modify them, or take these ideas and create your
love drama, whether of their own creation or someone else's. own Sandmen.

The following templates assume these two characteristics, and

Quote: "Monsieur Henri Amiel once said, ‘To do what is
impossible for talent is the mark of genius.' Guess I've that mark."

Prelude: A starving playwright, you lived in a disordered
apartment that might pass for a closet even in the worst part of

town. Day and night, you toiled over your masterpieces, while
your relationships with family and friends fell to pieces. When
you finally realized what your obsession with your art had cost
you, it was too late. Alone and in ill health, and a hopeless
alcoholic, you died late one night while sitting at your desk.
Your entrée into the playwrights' Valhalla was igno-
minious. Reaped by some Renegade Union actors in search
of a playwright, you spent the next decade scribbling melo-
dramas and slapstick comedies, spending your meager sal-
ary on a Sandman who'd teach you the Phantasm Arcanos.
When you'd finally convinced yourself that you could script

cultivated Pageants, you snubbed your theatre friends and
ventured off to find work in another Necropolis.

There, an older Sandman who functioned as an agent
found your work exciting and decided to promote it. With
habitual bravado, you try to discourage her charity, but de-
spite your grumpy, obsessive-compulsive personality, you have
become quite an Underworld star. What bothers you about
this turn of events is the vacuousness you associate with popu-
larity; you're certain that your renown means you've lost your
literary genius. The question now is how to get it back.

Concept: A closet Romantic, you don't buy into the
Guild's patron/artist structure: You would rather eke out an
existence in the Shadowlands' rattiest Necropolis writing
meaningful pieces than bow and scrape to a paying patron,
potboiling to fit his unrefined preferences. On the other hand,
you want a stage upon which to produce your plays, so you
reluctantly belong to the Dream Union. All in all, you've got
the talent to support your independence; now you just have
to prove to yourself that you're on par with the greatest
inkslingers of the Underworld, Guild or not.

Roleplaying Tips: Absorb everything going on around
you and catalogue it asa potential subject for new Pag-
eants — whether at your desk or not, you're always
at work, constructing dramas from ideas gleaned
from your surroundings. Those who don't under-

stand this mentality are clearly Philistines;
those who do are prob-
ably playwrights

and possibly rivals.
Relics: Pen, pa-

per, and portable
writing desk; gossa-
mer beret featuring
dreams that resemble
Cocteau's Orphée;
book of quotations

|

|


EY lame: rouble Gersins Nature: \isioneary life: erngating Playwright
H Player: Demeanor: Loner Death: 4 ceohotisn

Chronicle: Shadow: The Perfectionist Restel: 7ever having cvritter
< your masterpiece
Physical Social Nental
Strength, @@000 Charisma, OO Perception.

Dexterity. OO Manipulation, OO Intelligence.
H Stamina, OOO Appearance. OOO Wits.

Talents Skills Knowledge

Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000

Drive. @0000 Computer. 00000

Awareness, Etiquette. @@000 Enigmas. @@000
Firearms OOOO Investigation. 00000

Dodge. Leadership. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. Meditation, @O0000 Linguistics, @@000
[Expression Melee, @0000 Medicine 00000
H Intimidation, Performance. @00 Occult 00000
Streetwise, Repair, OOOOO Politics. @0000
Subterfuge. Stealth, @0000 Science. 00000

3200-000000-0-0-000-0-8 090-04 Advantages SooeccOoC oC OOOO ope oOoCesr ff

Backgrounds Passions Acai

Guild Status @@000 Create great art ecc0ee Phantasm @e@0@00
Mentor 0000 __(E ge) 00000 _Keening @0000
Status OOOO Reconcile with your famity@@@@O _WMuemosynis @0000
Eidolon @0000 _ (Regret) 00000 _Castigate @0000
Punish those who didn't @OOOO 00000

recognize your genius OQOOOO 00000

(Revenge) 00000 00000

+POO-08 ((1)) TOOOCOc

BEEBE EBRBEEREE
Typewriter
\ Acceptance letter from @®@000  ~poeo Willpower eeoooc
a Publisher 00000 Freudian slip
H] <SAot glass @0000

Se EE 100196) aeoowe Pak fasion Coocea
Eaperience a pees este: patos ~— Rick the Psyche for @@@@0

BeBBBOOOOD —fealsefiand) 00000
Destroy yoursel; @e@e@00

elf pity) 00000
2,1)


Quote: "Why, what do you mean? I love her acting. .it's so

4 ba vy)
wonderfully formal."
( e itl | 8 ge ll e Prelude: You excelled in theatre school, and when you

got out, you had high expectations. You tried out for role af-
ter role in commercial theatre, but never managed to clinch
the big opportunity. Finally, the directors asked you to play
understudy to the leading lady one too many times. Worse, |
the leads rubbed your nose in it.

So you invented your own drama. You adopted the role
of the sweet, sympathetic ingénue, while secretly scheming
to bump the lead actress and take her place. Your plans reached

their zenith when you thought you'd managed to convince
the director, via naive hints and allegations (and not a few
late-night dinners), that your rival's lines played poorly
off the other actors', her presentation was stiff, and, worst
of all, the critics hated her. Unfortunately, when you
realized that the director's opinion of the lead was not
quite so low as yours, you choked on your dinner and
gracelessly died of asphyxiation.
Humiliated, you couldn't let go. Reaped by a
small, unsuccessful troupe of Stygian freelancers, you
joined the Hierarchy and played your games there.
Eventually, an impresario peered beyond your
seeming innocence, understanding the depth of —
and talent inherent in — your cunning. Thanks to him, a
Hierarchy bureaucrat has convinced you to finesse your
way into the Machiavellian world of Stygian intrigue.
While you enjoy this work for its dramatic tensions,
you still obsess over unfulfilled stardom and your hu-
miliating demise.

Concept: You excel at portraying naiveté in all
its myriad forms, while simultaneously working on
your goal to become the Underworld's most fa-

mous actress. Since you left the breathing
world, simplicity has gone out of fashion,
but there are still enough older wraiths who
believe in innocence — especially within
the Hierarchy — left to fool. You're so
valuable to your employer precisely be-
cause he has targeted that very audience:
disillusioned and powerful older wraiths who
are easily charmed by your veneer of sympa-
thetic innocence and youth.

Roleplaying Tips: While you radiate sincerity and art-
lessness, underneath, your humiliation has become an obses-
sion. You try to keep the nature of your death a secret. You
envy success, especially the success of prospering actors, and
do your best to sabotage their careers. At the same time, your
envy is somewhat justified: You are a genuinely talented ac-
~ Y tress with a regrettable tendency to find bad luck even in the

most providential places.
2 Relic: Lace fan

Guildbook: Sandmen

0 =e


ID) Nate: .S cheming Ingenne
} Player:
1 Chronicle:

Nature: Corrtver
Demeanor: 242A
Shadow: Ae Leech

life Professional Understudy
Death: Choking in Disbelief
Regret: Never having been a star

Physical
000
000
000

Strength.
Dexterity.

Talents
4 Alertness,
Athletics,

Dodge.
Empathy,

| Expression.

f} Intimidation,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Social
Charisma. @eee0
Manipulation. fe)
‘Appearance. e

Mental
e@00
e000
@00

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits,

Abilities -orcoccocccoceccccoess

Skil
@0000
O00
@0000
OO00O0
OO000O0

Crafts,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms,
Leadership.

Knowledge
00000
OO0000
@0000
00000
OO0000

Bureaucracy,
Computer,
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law,

00000
00000
@e@e@00
OO0O000
@@000

Meditation,
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Stealth,

@0000
00000
@0000
@0000
@0000

Linguistics,
Medicine
Occult.
Politics,
Science,

( Backgrounds
Contacts @@000
Mentor @@000
Memoriam @0000
WWeatth @0000
00000
00000
00000

Passions
Ruin the careers of those @@@@@

Arcani

Eubody @e@000

you understudied for _OOOOO

P\/hantasm @@000

(Revenge) 00000

Usury @0000

Become a star ee0ecee

WMoliate @0000

(E40) 00000

OO0000

OO0000

00000

00000

00000

YOO fetters oooeoo rPoeooe Corpus poSeooec

«Stage where you first @@@@O

starred 00000

Y Playbill magazine @®®OO
Equity union card @e@000

p ERS Se ae PS rE 0101010) 8)
OO000O0

Experience

rpoee filo coococ
@oo

ooo
@ooo0o00

@
a
woe. Pith; roooooe
BEEBEBEBOOUO0

wooooo> Ant
@e@eoo0o00000
M@BooO00000

peeso Thin coocc]e
Trick of the tight, Bad Luck

Pact of Doom
Poco, Dik Passions o-oo
Bina dota spur patron (Gealonsy) @

Ruin the Lives of alt you met @@@OO
(Contempt) ___ 00000
Geduce the Porverful Cortemgt) @OOOO


Quote: "In the past, DeGioulle's tendency to play up the
duality of death's beautiful and macabre nature resulted in a genu-
inely unsettling effect; in his most recent Pageant, Death's Door,
this theme falls flat on its face."

Prelude: Early on, you dis-
covered that your interest in the-
atre would never amount to an
acting career. And, while you
had a feel for the elements of
good scripting and directing, you
didn't have the patience to en-
gage in either. Theatre and film
reviews showcased your talents,
though, and soon enough the
big-name newspaper editors
were scrambling over them-
selves to buy your pieces.

Your career took a nose-
dive, however, when compromis-
ing pictures of you and a Holly-
wood star whose film you'd lion-
ized appeared in the papers. Your
credibility lost, you took a series
of hack jobs. Finally, embittered,
old and never having quite rec-
onciled yourself to your mistake,
you angrily committed suicide.

If your life proved a disap-
pointment, your death has been
even more so. Perhaps because

of the persistently backward atti-
tudes about theatre, the Underworld
hasn't warmed to the idea of modern amoral
critics as much as it might have. Newspapers are hard
tocome by, and news is often slanted to favor Stygian views.
You have resolved to change this indifference — you have even
constructed a printing press with the assistance of the Unionists —
but thus far you haven't changed the Underworld.

Concept: You're known as someone who makes up his mind and gets things
done. Your printing press proved that, and soon you'll have even greater plans
for enlarging the role of the critic in the Shadowlands. The reviews that you
write and self-publish speak for themselves, often undermining the same hier-
archical "Hollywood" establishment that put you under while alive.

Roleplaying Tips: Mutter to yourself about the tragic indifference of hu-
mans, whether alive or dead, toward art. Indulge your critical nature on those

who seem most indifferent, and on dramatic works which foster the per-

ception of art as somehow "other" and incomprehensible. You're a

critic and a pushy old fart: bully others into listening to your ubiqui-

tous opinions on everything from dramatic style to which lipstick lead-
ing ladies should wear.

Relics: Printing press; laptop for writing reviews


Nate: Zrama Critic
Player:
Chronicle:

i)
ie

Physical

@@000
e000
@e@000

om

© Strength,

Dexterity.
Stamina

(
| Talents
Alertness OOO00O
Athletics, 00000
Awareness, @@000
Brawl,
Dodge @0000
) Empathy.
Expression.
Intimidation.
Streetwise @0000
Subterfuge. @0000

O) aa
Nature: @ritzc
Demeanor: Curmudgeore
Shadow: Ae Vtonster

Soca
Charisma. @ee00
Manipulation. e@00
Appearance, @@000

wocccoococcceccesces Mbilifis oonoocoo co ococoeccoese

skills
Crafts 00000
Drive. @0000
Etiquette. @0000
Firearms. OO0000
Leadership 00000
Meditation. 00000
Melee. 00000
Performance. @0000
Repair. 00000
Stealth. @0000

life. Big-time syndicated critic
Death: .¢ nicide

Regret: Having throwm all the
success AWAY

Nental

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowledge

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas,
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics.

Science.

Backgrounds Passions Acai

Mi Memoriam @@000 Reward great art e00ee0 Sutalism @0000
WM] Guild status @0000 _ (Love) 00000 _Liferves @0000
Viotoriety @0000 Advance the cause of QO000 Phantasm @@000
Relic @@@00 _ the theater 00000 Puppetry @0000
Allies @0000 _ (Pride) 00000 _Msury @0000
00000 Triumph over those who @@@00 00000

OO0000 __ dismissed you (oven) OOO0O 00000

fettes ooo
Copy of first published @@@@O
< article 00000
| First check for writing @@®OO

| Jucriminating photo Yeyeye)
Antographed picture of @0000

I you and Woody A tlen 00000

Experience

er)

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,2,1)

Boece (ip) Oooo ee

rpoes filpoier coccee
@e@e@e@aeeeooo0dood
BEBBEBBOOUOO
woes Pills pooCCee

BEBEBEBBBOOO

Aigt Coos Hy
@ee@eooo0oo0d
Beeonoo0od

Shadow Trait (Strength)

sooo Dal Pasion HOODOO

Dissmiss the work of all @@eoe
others (Contempt) 00000

Create sousthing better than@@@@O
areypne cbse, ever (Evy) OOOOO


Quote: "The lights! The lights! They bring out my cheek-
ae) bones, don't you think? Do you know, D. W. Griffith always said

, T had marvelous cheekbones. Do you like them? Dear boys and
girls, being among you makes me feel so young."

Prelude: The day's filming had already gone terribly, ter-
tibly badly. Rudolph was in a foul mood and had obviously
been drinking, which made his David stupendously un-
convincing in the love scene with your Bathsheba. To
augment the insult, on the next set the Keystone Kops
(those rabble!) were setting up a clatter that made it
impossible to think, simply impossible.

And then, to make the entire experience an un-
mitigated disaster, a klieg light fell on you and broke
your neck.

Concept: For a time the Underworld (how like a
darkened cinema!) treated you with the respect suited
to one of your...your stature. In Pageants as in the
silents, you made the watcher's heart beat faster
—or anyway, they adored you. Yet now cruel fash-

ion has passed you by, much as the talkies aban-

doned many in your profession like so many
drowned kittens. But true talent must tell!
You will ally yourself with promising new-
comers and dazzle observers with your
achievements. In months, perhaps
weeks, your name will be on every lip.
And then — comeback!

Roleplaying Tips: Guide your
fellow wraiths with the wisdom of
your long experience. Encourage
them to appreciate your beauty.

Though you are high-strung and can
be mortified by any insult, you have an
inner strength that guides you through
crises. Develop a situation to highlight
your central role, and to a lesser ex-
tent the roles of your companions.
And don't forget your Arcanos: il-
lusion makes you lovely (although
sometimes the illusion lies in
your own mind, not in Phan-
tasm).

Relics: A treasured
collection of reviews; the
handkerchief, once

scented, that you received

as a token of affection
from Rudolph Valentino

Guildbook: Sandmen
0 twos S

—=--


Name: Fiore Queen Nature: Bon Vivant life: 4 ctress
b player: Demeanor: Bore Vivant Death: Crushed by Kileig Light
1 Chronicle: Shadow: Ae Parent eatel: Wot having that one big hit
se 3 td

Physical Sacil Mental
Strength, @O000 Charisma. @O Perception,
Dexterity, OOO Manipulation. OOO Intelligence.
H} Stamina @@000 Appearance. ©0000 Wits @0000

Talents skils Knowledge
ae Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. @0000
Drive. @0000 Computer. 00000
i Awareness, Etiquette, (OOO Enigmas @0000
EW Brawl, Firearms, @0000 Investigation. 00000

| Dodge Leadership. @0000 Law. @@000
Empathy. Meditation. 00000 _ Linguistics 00000

Wi Expression, Melee. 00000 Medicine @0000

H Intimidation, Performance C0008 Occult 00000
Streetwise, Repair. 00000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge. Stealth, @0000 Science. 00000

Backgrounds Passions Arai
M Artifact @@000 Receive your otd films @@@@0 Embody @0000
NY Wveates. e000 _ (£40) 00000 _Jutimation @@000
Giuitd Status e000 Bring tack glamour t}@@@O0O _Motiate @0000
Memorian e@@00 Hollywnod 00000 Phantasm @@000
00000 __(Mestatgia) 00000 _Puppetry @0000
00000 Revel in Advlation _@@®®00 00000
00000 _(£g) 00000 00000

K J rocco fits moomoo DPO-O-0-0 (1)) POOoOoc POCO fj poococes f

fo) EA mrsie goats ecco BE BEEBEEEE @e0e0e000000
Wj KAitieg light BEBBBOOUOO0
] Favorite costume goin poo. Willpower Poco reco [hon Dooce c
Film of first screen tes$@®OOO @BSRSRSBROOOO _Lils Dare chadie Catt,
Hadyintsin foto} Gor @O0O0 BREE BOOOd Tainted Relic
san's Chinese Theater OOOOO

aoa. Ditk Psion 2-0-0

Uh -cocco litt: moos Poe fills Poo ocee Destiny all yur rivals (oy) @

BEB Bw www Ae Aces who hae sesso
clined vpur legend (Fate) OOOO

————$_—__— _9)9000
Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, leet 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Fre 15 (5,2,1)


Quote: "I've got a script — great script! — by a new fellow

in Atlanta, and I've got a firm commitment from — guess —

Richard Burbage! Yes! Believe me, Dickie's a wonderful man. For fj
director, I'm talking with Lawrence Mannering. You
don't know him? How could you not know
him? Trust me: tremendous stuff. Tremen-
dous. Now, here's where I see you fittingin...."
Prelude: Death has a haunted, desper-
ate quality for you, but then again, so did life.
After exciting combat service in the Pacific,

}
‘
. |
postwar life was a letdown: You worked as an
:

insurance executive, retired with a gold watch
after 40 years of service, then died of a heart
attack shoveling snow. Blehh. But you nur-

tured your dreams, and in the Underworld

you've started to make them come true. Res-

cued from slavers by a passing troupe of
Sandmen, you fell in with them, worked your
way up to management, and started producing Pag-
eants. With this lucky second start, you won't let your
dreams slip away again.

Concept: Florid, confident, and unshakably am-
bitious, you strive for big goals and convince others to
share them. Let others get all the glory; you want the
profits and the influence. Your reputation for getting
things done has brought some big projects your way,
and you intend to carry them out with authentic, in-
dividual vision.

Roleplaying Tips: You don't order people around
— you maneuver them. Do what you can to turn dan-
gers into the stuff of great productions. Envision big
deals, work every promising newcomer into your
scheme, take disaster in stride, and always keep your
eye on the big, big picture.

Relics: Gold retirement watch; souvenir bayo-
net from the Battle of Iwo Jima, little black book

Guildbook: Sandmen

0 o—Z-


Name: Impresario Nature: Zirector life Insurance Executive
H Player: Demeanor: Bor Vivant Death: Cardiac Arrest

chronicle: Shadow: Zhe Pusher Restet: "Lhe LL tter tack of excitement
A in your Cife
Physical Social Mental
Strength, (OOO Charisma. OO Perception,
H Dexterity. ®®OOO = Manipulation. @® Intelligence
Stamina, @@000 Appearance. @@000 Wits, @e@0@00

Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness, Crafts, OOOOO Bureaucracy. @e@e00
Athletics, Drive. @@000 Computer. 00000
Awareness, Etiquette, OOOOO Enigmas. @@000
Brawl. Firearms, @@@00 Investigation, 00000
Dodge. Leadership. @@000 Law. @@000
| Empathy. Meditation, OOOOO Linguistics, 00000
Expression. Melee. Medicine, 00000
Intimidation, Performance. Occult. 00000
Streetwise. Repair, Politics, @@000
Subterfuge. Stealth, Science. 00000

Backgrounds Passions Acari

©0000 Protect your widoerv (Love) @@@O0O _Argos @0000
Contacts 0000 Have some Fun! ©0000 Inhabit @0000
Guild Status @@000 _ (Hedonism) 00000 _Jutimation @0000
Haunt @0000 Make decals happen  @@000 Phantasm @0000
Wreath @0000 _(Pride) 00000 _Lsury @0000

00000 Bring your dreams 0 @®00O 00000

00000 Life onstage (Joy) 00000

} o-oo Fetters Poopes oOo (Ii)Ii) POO COeCc Wooo or fi
Gold watch BEEREBEBERE C0800
Snowy shovel BEBBOO
| Purple Heart poe. lilhoiae cocce. woocoe: jin roomee
Othhome ©0000 PHO HSHOKDO OO Shadow Life
00000 B@BBEBEBOO000
OOO00O0

Eneriene poor +>Oe-ome Pathos Deooocoed

BSBBBBO00000

wt

ooo Dik Pasion cooco
Orchestrat disasters (}ate)

Brinag the host's wife to the @@000
_Shaheer lads (Trrisid Loe) QOOOO
Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,2,1)


The Big

nter The Narrator, in a black evening gown
and black elbow-length silk gloves. She car-
ries a slender, metal-tipped wand, less than a
foot in length, which traces fluid figures in
the air as she speaks — spartan character
portraits, line-drawings that shimmer against
the maroon velvet stage curtain then drift to
the floor like faded flower petals.

The Narrator: By now, I expect that many of you have at
least been entertained at the parties and salons thrown by our
lesser talents. For your sakes, however, I hope that you have the
opportunity someday to meet the individuals I am about to de-
scribe. Truly, their talent burns so brightly as to chase away even
the darkest shadows of the Sunless Lands.

hikaru Matsuki

ike a world-famous conductor, Western-
born Hikaru Matsuki carries with him
throughout Stygia and the Shadowlands
the renown of a Sandman Guildmaster.
Ordinarily, such fame would pose signifi-
i] cant danger, particularly from the worst
of the Hierarchy bureaucrats. However, no
one really knows who wears Matsuki's mask. Many an assas-
sin has fed an impostor to the Spectres, only to find Matsuki

Guildbook: Sandmen
) ==
ff Pp.

Foilogue:

Players

reappearing to direct yet another Spectacle for the Dream Lords
of the Tempest.

In life, Matsuki is said to have mastered the difficult art of
avant-garde theatre direction by insisting upon audience partici-
pation and by employing elaborate sets which touched all the
senses. He has carried this artistic genius through the gates of death,
reforging and refining it in the cold fires of the Underworld until
now he truly can be said to shape reality within the minds of both
mortal dreamers and wraiths who participate in his Spectacles. In
fact, many of his dreams evolve into elaborate plots in which
mortals and wraiths find themselves the major players, almost as if
he had transported them to a state between death and life where
dreams and dream-logic constitute the unrelenting norm.

Because I do not know Matsuki personally, I cannot vouch
that "he" is a single wraith. His work shows consistency, and I
have heard many politicos and artists throughout the Shadowlands
refer to him as a friend, but then, Matsuki belongs to an actors'
guild, a pool of individuals talented in, among other things, im-
personation. Of late, rumors about Matsuki's involvement in a
Guild Renaissance have begun to circulate throughout the Sunless
artistic communities, drawing the curiosity of Hierarchy ladder-
climbers intent on quashing the seemingly resurgent Guilds. If
Matsuki involves himself in this resurgence, these Underworld
powermongers may force him to call in certain favors sooner than
he'd like. . .or perhaps he is counting on their involvement.

On a day to day basis, Matsuki directs a troupe known as
Fanfare which produces Pageants for its audiences as it travels


throughout the Shadowlands. Urbane and elite, Fanfare accepts
very few new Dreamcrafters each year, although occasionally it
employs Sandmen when a play or dream requires a large cast of
"professionals" (as opposed to general audiences who cannot act
their way out of a Nihil) or simply some supernumeraries. On
occasion, Fanfare hosts a Dreamtime in which the Sandmen
involved create a costly and elaborately composed dream for a
sleeping mortal. I once participated in one composed by the con-
troversial genius Anton de Varzonzuela and directed by Matsuki,
and patronized by a masked and powerful Dream Lord whom
none of us knew. It became apparent, as the dream progressed,
that this Dream Lord was using Fanfare to shape the imagina-
tion of a certain mortal artist whose revolutionary work was highly
regarded among Renegades. While I thoroughly enjoyed work-
ing with the talented members of Fanfare, I fear the political
consequences of being associated with the group.

Divan Cherilly

ixan came to us relatively recently, an
impassioned ingénue gifted with a sensual
command of spoken and body language
and a flair for improvisation. If ever you
meet her, you will discover that she is
quite a tomboy, although she claims to
have been an escapee of the well-man-
nered Georgian high-society tea socials of the mid-1800s. She
also claims to possess the reincarnated soul of Thespis, the
ancient Greek poet and father of drama, although I suspect
the claim is just another example of her cunning efforts at
self-fashioning. Image-crafting aside, even if she were mysti-
cally connected with Thespis, her art draws primarily upon
metrical irregularities and a blatant disregard for the Aristo-
telian unities of the romantic stage, characteristics most surely
avoided by one such as Thespis even in a reincarnated state.

Dixan is famed for her command of oneiric pacing, the
ability to pace staged dreams to match the imaginative ca-
pacities of the dreamer. Many Sandmen directors find this
ability useful in performers, for a strong command of it helps
actors to avoid damaging dreaming souls.

Dixan straightforwardly admits her involvement with the
illegal Sandmen's Guild. She has been known to mentor nov-
ices and those wishing to involve themselves in the Union-
ists. Although the Hierarchy has called her on her involve-
ment in the Guild a number of times, somehow Dixan always
manages to avoid the forges.

As novice Sandmen, I would recommend that, should you
ever have the fortune to meet Dixan, you take advantage of the
opportunity. She can connect you with a good many talented
Sandmen, and she can teach you quite a bit about the profession.
Speaking from personal experience, she can also be a great friend.

Epilogue: The Big Players


Anton de Varonauela

=a) n my years as a Sandman, I have traveled
6) far and wide throughout the Shadowlands
oF

7) and Stygia and met many a wraith; but
®| never have I met anyone, even among the
dread Dream Lords, quite like Anton. An
outsider among Sandmen, he glides from
locale to locale with the randomness of
dream-logic, yet disciplines himself and his craft with the pre-
cision of a Usurer. With the internal artistry of a Pirandello
and the genius of a Shakespeare, he bends the mind's will to
his own. He is a master Dreamcrafter, and many a time our
troupe has found inspiration in his Pageants.

Lost are the days when the lords of Stygia regaled fa-
vored freelance Dreamcrafters with gifts and honors. Among
the darlings of the Dream Lords and yet ever the controver-
sial figure, Anton earned a wealth of Stygian coins and goods,
graciously bowed his head to accept his laurels, but unrelent-
ingly spurned the titles and commissions the Deathlords of-
fered him, particularly the gifts of the Laughing Lady.

He refused one too many times. The Dreamcrafter learned
of the Laughing Lady's twisted plot to dispose of him, yet I
am still not clear as to why she would want such a thing.
Perhaps because he spurned her, but perhaps also, as he hinted
to me, because he knew too much.

Vagabond he might be, but once he could often be found
making the rounds of the Stygian courts. No longer, for court
has proven too perilous. Anton now travels the byways of the
Tempest, cloaked in dreams and peddling fantasies to philis-
tines. When last I saw him, he claimed to have just returned
from the City of Delights. At first, I did not believe him,
since little is known of such faraway lands and rumor claims
that only the Heavenly Regent can grant foreigners entrance
to the City (and that only rarely). But Anton showed me a
pomegranate —a living fruit in the land of the dead! — given
him by the Regent from his gardens, and I had to believe.

Everywhere Anton travels, fate has followed him like a
leashed dog. He has played artisan to emperors and queens
who cannot guess at his games or at his importance in the
politics of Stygia and its enemies. He thinks in layers, plays
within plays, but his art is such that it appears as madness,
north-north-west. If ever you meet him, beware his easy man-
ner and his easier questions, or you too will find yourself among
his devoted followers and caught in the intrigues that inevi-
tably swirl around him.

ea


Demeanor:
Shadow:

Physical Sovial Mental
Sj Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception, @0000
f Dexterity. (OOOO Manipulation OOOO Intelligence. @0000
YA} Stamina. @O000 Appearance. @0000 Wits

Talents Knowledge
Alertness, 00000 Crafts 00000 Bureaucracy 00000
H Athletics 00000 _ Drive. 0Q0000 Computer 00000
Awareness 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl 00000 Firearms 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge. 00000 Leadership 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 Meditation, 00000 Linguistics 00000
| Expression 00000 Melee. 00000 Medicine. 00000
HY Intimidation, 00000 Performance 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise OQ000O Repair 00000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge 00000 Stealth 00000 Science 00000

woccccccocececoesoe: |ilalligts cocpcocccccneeneccoccs

Backgrounds Passions
00000 00000
OOO00O0 OOO0O0
OO000O0 OOOO0O
OO00O0 00000
00000 OO00O0
00000 OO0000
OO0000 00000

J occ: Mtiili poe Se PeEss (IN; DOC CCeE Ooo jill) meocee \
oooo0 QDOOOOOOO000
OOO00O0
00000 scarce lillie Coccee roe firathy statment coo,
90000 ODOOOQOOO0000
c0000 NOO00000000
OO000O0

Guill M@soooeeos OOo Pathos Pescoe, POS bition Atachnent Poooo

OQO00000000

Grssamer

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,2,1)


Tite "
rwocccoocccecceecocces bbls cocomeeccceocoocccoces if
Age. Apparent Age. Gender,

} Date of Birth R.LP. Height.
Hair, Ba Weight
Race. Nationality.

ft) Garb,
Other Distinguishing Features

(7, Psyche:
¥ Shadowguide:Player:

Thorns Dark Passions

Tig ss 3 OO000'!
00000
00000

0000
00000
00000


Allies Contacts

Guild Status

Contacts Status

Memoriam Mentor

Notoriety Wealth

Relis

woocccccocconcoe [reascape Description wecoccocccmcceooces |

1] wooo ooo oO OP OOO Doe favorite Stages

Description


Tye Cot flaw

ocooocosescoo Experience peop oocen
Total:

Total Spent:
Spent On:

reooooeo. Ancient New Arts Known

(osamer ences: ccocces: (ill Standing § (ontats ococce f
Standing

Rank
Guild Contacts

Apprenticed to:

Brawling Table

Weapon Difficulty [Damage] Conceal] Range | Rate ay


Go When They Die?

So, tittle dead man, have youcome join our masque?
Welcome to the play that never ends, the dream that
dreams ‘itself through eternity. Once upon a time,

Lthought that Life was-Art and Art was Life.
Now:-L-know better. Soon, you will-too.

— Malaika Singleton, Night Angel of Philadelphia

~ Only the Living Can Awaken From This Dream!

5 AS: you close your éyés, they're waiting for you. As soon as you start
to dream, you belong-to them. Patiently they-wait to take your soulon
gossamer wings, to show it splendors you-can scarcely imagine and terrors
you_ean barely comprehend. And when your entertainment is over, theirs begins.
Sweet dreams. «~
: Guildbook: Sandmen is the second in the series of Guildbooks for Wraith:
The Oblivion. Journey with the wraiths of dream'as they mine the
; phantasmagorias of mortals for inspiration. See with them the splendors
of the Theater of the Dead: Tremble as they rip screaming souls
from sleeping bodies.
All of the'seerets of the Sandmen are here;
- if you dare to learn them.
: Unmasking the hidden lore of-the-Guild that ee
dares most openly to defy Stygia, :
Guildbook: Sandmen also includes:
© Night Terrors, Oneiric Pacers, Wordsmiths,
Night Angels, and other Sandmen:
the Shadowlands can't = or won't = do'without!
¢ New uses of the Phantasm Arcanos!
© The truth:about ;
the mysterious Dream Ring; and more!

ISBN 1-56504-662-5 —
780-PARK NORTH BLVD. WW 630! $120 00= =

g SUITE 100 oS = — ' 4200
CIN, C00 et | Hi i

c= Liv iow

Mai

565!04662 7

eee ee

GAME STUDIO
