# File: Saviors and Destroyers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ANENEMU BOOK FOR DEMON: THE FALLEN™

Bu OILLiam Brinkman, Rick CHILLOT, JACOB DOCHERTU
AND CHUCK WENDIG


Crepits
Authors: William Brinkman, Rick Chillot, Jacob
Docherty and Chuck Wendig. World of Darkness
created by Mark Rein* Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein® Hagen
Developer: Michael Lee

Editor: Jasmine Milberger

Proof Reader: Brad Williams

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Shane Coppage, Marko Djurdjevic,
Klaus Scherwinski, Shane White

Front Cover Art: John VanFleet

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney


Fasie ofr CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE: THESE ARE HE Last Dads
CHAPTER Two: FIGHTING THE GoophicnT
Crapren Turnce: No REST FOR THE WICKED
Craprer Pour: TAKINGUP THE CROSS

CHAPTER DIVE: ALL ALONE IN THE DARK



Demons are everywhere and the cursing of them universal.

— Tertullian

Demons have beena part of cultural consciousness for
millennia. Whether we see themas relations to "Satan" or
simply cruel, invasive spirits, they rear their ugly heads in
more than one culture's mythology. There isa key antith-
esis to the demons, however, an opposite who walks in
their wake — the exorcist. Exorcism was practiced by early
Greeks, A fricansand Egyptians, was pervasive throughout
Eastern culture (and still is) — and obviously, it was
harnessed by the Hebrews and Christians. [twas the job of
the exorcist to cast out dark spirits, to fight demons
wherever they might tempt the hearts of men. At one
point in Judeo-Christian history, it was common to exor-
cise all children at birth to close the doors to potential
temptation (there is the stain of Original Sin to contend
with, after all). A lower caste of early priest, the exorcistate,
was created to deal with demons in all forms.

Ci

But then, over time, the practice waned. Enlight-
enment occurred. Why hire exorcists when we don't
really believe in demons anymore? The Earth is round,
gravity exists, and demons are just a figment of the
imagination, right?

Wrong. Demons are out there. People have just
forgotten. But there are also those men and women.
who still take up the cross and banner and rail against
demonic influence. They are modern-day exorcists,
rising from the anonymous ranks of housewives, con
struction workers, computer programmers and
clergymen. They have seen something they cannot
abide, and now they wish to cast the demons out.

This book is meant to give both Storyteller and
player perspective on the opposite side of the Demon
spectrum — the demon hunter.

‘THe Mopern Demon Hunter

There was a time when exorcising evil spirits was
amatter for priests and practitioners of the arcane arts;
lengthy liturgies and arcane tomes were created to
channel the will of the exorcist to drive ademon from
the body of its mortal host, banishing it to the darkness
whence it came. Ifsomeone had reason to suspect that
a neighbor or a loved one was tormented by an
unclean spirit, there were people who could be called
upon to help

That time is centuries past. Faith in the unseen is
not what it once was. The arcane arts have largely
been lost to the mists of time, and the Church is now
a reflection of society rather than the other way
around. Holy men and women care more for raising
funds to expand their fine churches and to clash with
those whose idea of salvation differs, no matter how
slightly, from their own. The liturgies are forgotten,
moldering away in the dim recesses of papal libraries.
And while there are still priests who purport to exor-
cise evil spirits from the faithful, the practice is actively
discouraged by Church elders who seek to modernize
the image of their religion. The 21st century has no
place for belief in demons, these wise men say.

Modern demon hunters are not specially trained
agents of the Church, nor devotees of ancient myster-
ies. They are ordinary people who are faced with a
vision of Hell itself. In one form or another they
stumble onto the truth: Demons are real, and they
walk the Earth in human form. What sets these would-
be exorcists apart from their fellow mortals is that they
do not shrink in terror from the revelation they
receive. They decide to fight back. Using whatever
means available, from baseball bats to Bibles, modern
exorcists combat the demons in their midst, destroy
ing their host bodies and banishing the spirits to the
Abyss or engaging in battles of will to force spirits from
the world. There is a price to be paid, however, even
in victory. Warring with demons leaves indelible scars
upon an exorcist's soul, and sooner or later even the
strongest minds break under the mounting weight of
horror, frustration and pain. Worse still is the subtle,
insidious peril of temptation. Who knows better than
an exorcist the gifts that one of the fallen can bestow?
Many demon hunters yield to promises of knowledge
and power, often with the best intentions at heart, and
find themselves hopelessly enslaved to the very mon-
sters they have sworn to fight.

Those exorcists who survive their first brush with
the fallen understand all too well how much the odds
are stacked against them, but the alternative is more
terrible still. Better to fight and die than sit by and
watch the whole world go to hell.

Saviors AND DestRovERS

These hunters are factory workers, librarians,
teachers — and, yes, the odd priest. They have
stumbled upon the truth and try to do something
about it as best as they can. They have limited
knowledge, limited resources, no friends in high
places, nor access to military research labs. They
have families, house payments, impacted wisdom
teeth and serious drinking problems.

They fight demons because they have no other
choice. Most die in the process. Those are the lucky ones.

THEME

The themes of Demon: Saviors and Destroyers
are equal parts heroism and hubris. Exorcists are in
many ways a dark reflection of the fallen. Whereas
some demons try to rise above theit madness and pain
in a heroic struggle for redemption, exorcists can
descend into horror and violence out of a sense of
heroic self-sacrifice. Both paths often lead to tragedy,
consuming demon and exorcist alike in a paroxysm of
destruction that affects everyone around them.

Exorcists believe in what they do. Their motiva-
tions may differ, but they begin the fight believing
their cause is just. They struggle not only for the sake
of family and friends, but for the future of the entire
human race ina thankless, anonymous battle against
ancient and terrible foes. They must often abandon
their friends and families, sacrifice their savings and
throw away hard-earned careers in order to carry on
the fight.

The longer the struggle continues, however, the
more they become corrupted by their own actions, not
to mention by the temptations of the spirits they hunt.
Many times they believe they are above the petty
desires that cause so many others to succumb to the
fallen, but this hubris is oftentimes their downfall.
Others lose their grip on sanity without ever realizing
it, becoming monsters more terrible than those they
crusade against. Nearly as many exorcists die at the
hands of their compatriots as they do in battle against
the fallen, and more than one group of demon hunters
has been torn apart from within, betrayed to the
enemy by one of their own

Moop

The mood of Saviors and Destroyers is one of
desperation and grim determination. Many exorcists
believe that the end of the world is at hand. Some feel
that they can turn things around if they stop enough
of the demons. Others believe the battle is already lost
but want to go down fighting. Few have any illusions
about the course they've chosen — most likely they
will die in a grimy alley, friendless and alone, or spend
the rest of their lives in a padded cell. They're the sort


Iyrropuctioy

of folks who save the last bullet for themselves and
who vow to kill their buddies before they let them fall
into the enemy's clutches. But if they're going to die,
then by God they'll have an escort on the way to Hell.

How ro Use Tris Book

This book is divided into several chapters, each of
which is designed to explore and explain a specific
area of the game. Remember, though, that in a
storytelling game the most important "chapter" is your
imagination. Never let anything in this book serve as
a substitute for your own creativity.

Chapter One: These Are the Last Days presents
anumber of possibilities why men and women fromall
walks of life encounter the fallen and find the courage
to try and send them back to the Abyss.

Chapter Two: Fighting the Good Fight explores
the day-to-day dangers that exorcists face in their
struggles against the angels of the Abyss, as well as the
extreme tactics they are sometimes forced to employ.
This chapter illustrates the danger that many demon
hunters face when it comes to adopting the ways of the
"enemy" for the sake of tipping the scales in their favor.

Chapter Three: No Rest for the Wicked de-
scribes the ultimate fate that awaits many exorcists
in the battle against the damned. For many demon
hunters, death comes to the lucky. Madness and
enslavement are constant risks, as is imprisonment
by mortal authorities that view exorcists as de-
ranged criminals.

Chapter Four: Taking up the Cross provides guide-
linesand tips forcreating exorcist characters asantagonists
or protagonists in your Demon chronicle, as well as
systems for researching and performing different types of
exorcisms. A brief list of holy items that demon hunters
can use against the enemy is also provided.

Chapter Five: Alone in the Dark contains
exorcist character profiles that you, the Story-
teller, can use for inspiration or include as
characters in your chronicle or story.

Source MATERIAL

The grim struggle against the forces of Hell is a
favorite subject of both fiction and nonfiction books, as
well asa variety of movies. The following sources provide
excellent (and often frightening) insight into the har-
rowing battle between humanity and the infernal.

Recommended books include:

Hostage to the Devil: The Possession and Exorcism of
Five Contemporary Americans, by Malachi Martin.
This harrowing book presents five alleged cases of

modern-day possession in chilling detail, and the
efforts of those who attempted to exorcise them. An
excellent source for research on modern exorcisms,
this book contains the Catholic Church's complete
Rite of Exorcism.

The collected works of H. P. Lovecraft. Probable
suspects include From Beyond, The Whisperer In Dark-
ness and The Dunwich Horror. The reason Lovecraft's
work is so evocative in the context of Saviors and
Destroyers is that his text focuses on the grim struggle
of ordinary humans against ancient and unknowable
forces. His characters often lose their sanity, if not
their lives, in the process.

Possessed, by Thomas B. Allen. This account of
the 1949 possession that inspired The Exorcist details
the experiences of Father William S. Bowdern and his
attempts to remove a demon from the body of a 14-
year-old boy. The events described aren'tas overblown
as those portrayed in the movie, but if anything the
story is even creepier.

You Come When I Call You, by Douglas Clegg.
Children who encounter a demon in their youth
("The Desolation Angel") live with the depredations
of said demon throughout their lives. Some never
escape its influence, while others manage to oppose it.

Recommended movies include:

The Exorcist. The classic 1973 movie with George
C. Scott and Linda Blair, a tense, terrifying (ifat times
overdone) story of a holy man's struggle against the
damned.

Possession. This Showtime original movie is an-
other adaptation of Thomas Allen's novel, starring
Timothy Dalton. Notas flashy as The Exorcist, but this
movie does a better job of highlighting Father
Bowdern's struggle to maintain his faith even as he
attempts a modern exorcism.

Frailty. This dark and disturbing movie tells the
story of a man (played by Bill Paxton) who believes
he's been chosen by God to battle demons on Earth.
As the movie unfolds, the audience is kept guessing as
to whether Paxton's character is truly insane or if the
demons he sees are real.

Stigmata. Gabriel Byrne plays a Jesuit priest who
investigates cases of supernatural occurrences for the
Catholic Church, and finds himself involved with a
young American woman who shows signs of stigmata
— representations of the wounds Christ received on
the cross. Though the source of the possession isn't
what one initially suspects it to be, this is an excellent
source of inspiration for exorcists working within the
Byzantine intrigues of the Church.



...When anyone is dying, the house is filled with devils. They come
out and try to ruin the soul of him who is dying, by fearful temptations
Holy water, blessed by the Church, can send away the devils.

— St. Alphonsus

Dear Rachel,

Isleep with the lights on every night. But it doesn't
make me feel any safer.

I'm sorry. That's all I really want to tell you, to tell
someone how sorry | am forall that happened and for all
that I let happen. I would ask you to remember me in
your prayers, but I expect that by the time you read this,
it will be too late for that. After all I've done, I myself
can no longer pray to G-d with any confidence. Perhaps
after reading my story you'll understand why.

Some time has passed since I wrote those last
sentences, Rachel. I thought I heard a scratching at the
door to this filthy room. I've pushed the dresser and the
table against the door and I'm now crouched on the
floor on the far side of the bedas I write this. The amulet

Linscribed with the Ineffable Name is wrapped tightly
around my arm and I feel the cords biting into me
through my shirtsleeve.

Irealize now that I never really appreciated my home.
Even during my trips to Baltimore and Jerusalem, I never
felt such homesickness. So often in the last few days I've
closed my eyes and placed myself on Taylor Street. Young
boysline up for the morning bus to the yeshiva, whispering
Torah passages they memorized the night before. The
women in Klein's market chat and laugh while shopping
forthe Sabbath. Old Mr. Nussbaum sits perched likeacrow
on the bench in front of the shiebl, the small synagogue
across the street from his home. He's rocking back and
forth in prayer as he waits for his brother, who was never
early to the synagogue in his life. Even Fatherand Mother,
lost to meso many yearsago, stroll down the perfect Taylor
Street of my memories.

But recollections are not enough to grant me sleep
at night. If anything, they keep me awake. Jacob said


10

being alone was the secret soul of hell. I thought I knew
what he meant, but | had no idea. Tomorrow | will meet
aman who, they say, hunts evil spirits like a wolf hunts
rabbits. I hope he can protect me from this thing I carry
in my head. Most likely he is just another charlatan.

1 used to wonder if I would ever get to meet Jacob.
My age, the son of Mother's sister Lisa... when I was a
boy I imagined he wasa sort of alternative version of me,
having adventures out in the world while I prayed and
studied Talmud in Brooklyn. My mother was not born
aChassid, as you may know, but was a baalat teshuvah,
a Jew who, through the grace of G-d, has returned to a
pious way of life. She often spoke fondly of Aunt Lisa
and her children. For a while she held out hope that
they would become returned ones like her. But when
they emigrated to Tel Aviv, she gave up that dream.

When I found Aunt Lisa's letter in the morning
mail that day, I didn't even recognize the return address.
I can almost convince myself that if | hadn't opened
that letter, events would not have unfolded as they did
and I would right now be sitting in Rabbi Brown's den,
comparing translations of the Book of the Pious. But
that is foolish thinking. In truth, we're all fish in G-d's
net. We're free to swim this way or that, but the net is
so large that it makes no difference.

My aunt's letter made me weep. I wanted to tear my
collar. I suppose I knew that such things happen in this
world. But the letter made it real. For someone Jacob's
age —my age —to know such suffering, this was shock
tome. Ithappened ina refugee camp, where Jacob's unit
was sent to enforce a curfew and arrest dissidents. Jacob
was the only one of his fellows to survive the attack.

Thiscondition which they call "post-traumatic stress
syndrome' isaterrible thing, Rachel. Jacob's body seemed
healed well enough when he was discharged from the
hospital. But he was not the same boy who had enlisted
in the army just nine months earlier. He took no pleasure
in being alive, had no interest in the world around him.
Hestayed in his room all day, barely touched his food and
would not join in conversation or prayers. After several
weeks of this, Aunt Lisa and Uncle David decided it
would be best to get Jacob away from Israel, away from the
daily talk of bombings and bloodshed.

Jacob seemed to show some glimmer of interest in
this idea, and his parents were relieved when he made
contact with a friend who was attending graduate
studies in America. And so the arrangements were
made. Because Jacob would be staying in Brooklyn —
his friend was attending Columbia — my aunt in her
letter asked if | wouldn't look in on him from time to
time. Could I refuse such a mitzvah? This meant leaving
the neighborhood, of course. But that was nothing to
me, | who had traveled across the country and overseas.
Thad even worked in Manhattan for three years before

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

moving in with Rabbi Brown. What was a walk of some
dozen blocks compared to that?

It was no trouble finding his apartment building. 1
had always prided myself on my ability to get around on
my own. And it shames me to admit that on that day, my
mind wasfilled more with such pride than with seeing the
beauty and holiness in everyday things. Jacob was more
warm and cordial than I expected. I had barely explained
who] wasand why I was visiting him before he invited me
in and offered me the most comfortable seat in the small
apartment. I was somewhat taken aback, expecting him
to be as depressed and morose as he had been described
in the letter. We talked for two hours, not of what had
happened to him, of course, but pleasant small talk,
family news. It was a most comfortable afternoon.

When | asked him if he wanted to come back with
me and see where I lived, he was enthusiastic about the
idea. Thisalso surprised me. Somany non-Chassidic Jews
are less than interested in — sometimes even hostile, too
— the doings of the Chassidic courts. | told myself that
he was probably curious the way a museum-goer is inter-
ested in looking at fossils. It was wrong of me to ascribe
such ignoble motives to another, of course. Perhaps if 1
had not indulged in such sinful thoughts I might have
been more alert to Jacob's motives... perhaps.

Before we left his apartment, | helped Jacob pack up
some of his belongings for storage, some cooking uten-
sils, clothing, odds and ends he didn't need now that he

vas moved in. I was glad to help. We placed several
items into a cardboard box, which Jacob then laid atop
a large wooden chest. "I wasn't completely honest with
you," hesaid, jokingly. "It's mainly this chest that I need
help with. It's full of my roommate's belongings —
books and such. It's very heavy. He was kind enough to
pack them away to make room for me, so I told him I'd
take care of moving it. | hope you don't mind."

Together we wrestled the large trunk into the hall
and to the elevator. I am not physically strong. I had the
impression that it was Jacob who was bearing the bulk
of the load, and my role was just to help steer the weight
in the proper direction.

The cellar was as dank and unkempt as the upstairs
had been clean and modern. | remember a cobweb
attached itself to my face as we stepped from the
elevator, but I couldn't push it away because my hands
were full. It was maddening.

"So where is your roommate today?" I asked, hoping
to distract myself from the itch of the cobweb. As soon
as I said it, | worried that it sounded like a complaint, as
if I was wishing the roommate was moving the chest
instead of me.

"Oh," Jacob answered, "he's around. He keeps a low
profile. Perhaps you'll meet him another time." He was
holding the forward end of the chest, facing me and


CuapTeR OVE

walking backward. I could barely see where we were
going — there was just a single, bare yellow bulb
illuminating the cellar — but Jacob had no trouble
navigating. "Let's put this against the wall here," he told
me.I nodded, certain that I could not bear the chest any
further. It was very hot in the basement, and | was
anxious to get out of the dark and back up into daylight.

Icutoffmy payostoday, have | mentioned that? It took
mea week to work up the nerve. I tried everything to hide
them but in the end I had to cut them off. I've had the
sidelocks my whole life, and sometimes in idle moments |
find my fingers reaching for them.... Tomorrow I will
shave my beard. I must change my appearance as much as
I can. If it is true that the outer reflects the inner, then
perhaps superficial changes will do more than disguise me.
Perhaps they will transform my soul, and the soul of my
soul, so that those who hunt for it will not find me.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

Rachel,

I'msleeping out of doors for the first time in my life.
Icis terrifying. The dogs barking all the time. Are they
getting closer? I'm so tired. More later.

T've had some sleep now.

There must be others like me, Rachel. Others
who've seen things as I have seen. I am trying to find
some, but it is exhausting. I've read tracts and scholarly
articles written by learned, holy men. I've haunted
libraries and listened to lectures and speeches. I've
inquired subtly at mikvahs and synagogues. I've even
visited rundown bookstores and tawdry shops that sell
trinkets and poultices to the ignorant. I've considered
placing a carefully worded advertisement in one of the
religious newspapers. Only time will tell if these meth-
ods will yield results. But time is one thing of which I
have little to spare, I fear.

But I was telling you of the day I first met Jacob. I took
Jacob to Rabbi Brown's townhouse. It only made sense to
do so; it's on the outskirts of the neighborhood and we
came to it first. The rabbi was not home but | introduced
Jacob to Mrs. Brown. She wassomewhat reserved, though
not impolite. She has not been outside of the neighbor-
hood for decades and | believe she was uncomfortable
meeting an outsider, even a Jewish one. Jacob did not
seem disconcerted, even though she would not look him
in the eye, and he knew enough not to offer her his hand
toshake. He complimented her on the cleanliness of her
house and modest way in which it was decorated.

The warm April sunlight made the sidewalks gleam
like fresh bread. Jacob had many questions. I pointed
out the neighborhood landmarks. | told him who lived
where, showed him the market, and the park where
Rabbi Brown and I and his other students often met for
informal discussions. We passed several people that I

knew, but they seemed almost shocked to see me with
a stranger. Most of them simply nodded at me and kept
walking. At first Jacob seemed to be enjoying the visit,
but after a time I noticed a change come over him. He
seemed to become slightly pale. He asked fewer ques-
tions. He was walking more slowly. I thought of his time
in the hospital and wondered if he was getting tired.

I was about to say something, but we rounded the
comerat Fifthand Bleeker. The synagogue came into view
and I wanted to point it out to Jacob. But as soon as we set
foot onto Bleeker, Jacob's body jerked like he'd been
electrocuted. He doubled over, almost falling to his knees.
Igrabbed him by the shoulders to keep him from toppling.

"P?'m — not well..." Jacob moaned to me. He
muttered something else in words I couldn't hear.

"Do you want to rest?" I asked him.

"No," he told me. "No... go back."

I helped him walk and we limped back toward the
Rabbi's house. We had gone barely a half a block when
Jacob seemed to recover. He was pale and sweating,
obviously uncomfortable and clutching his stomach.
But he was able to walk on his own. "I'm sorry," he said
to me. "I should not have exerted myself. I'm not fully
recovered from my injuries."

"It's my fault," I said. "I should not have taken you
for such a long walk. I should have known...."

"{r'sall right," he waved away my concerns. "''ll be
fine. Perhaps we could stop at your place and I could
catch my breath."

So we returned to my room in Rabbi Brown's house.

Jacob stayed for several hours and we talked. He
seemed very interested in the community and in my
studies. | told him how Rabbi Brown had taken an
interest in me after my parents had died, and how one
day, G-d willing, I would become a rabbi. I told him how
the Rebbe himself had once praised my diligence as a
student, though this was a prideful thing to say. He
asked about our courtand when ithad been established,
and I told him how the sixth Rebbe and his family came
over from Warsaw in 1940, bringing only the clothes on
their backs and their most precious possessions: scrip-
tures and writings that were still preserved today.

After that, I did not see my cousin forseveral weeks.
I was preparing for an examination on The Toledoth,
and I had tospend many late hours studying. Also, there
arose at that time growing concern within the commu-
nity as to the health of the Rebbe. He had not been seen
in public for over a month. Rabbi Brown explained that
the Rebbe had taken ill witha chest cold, which was not
serious but that required him to spend much time
resting. It was better, Rabbi Brown said, that the Rebbe
make a full recovery before exerting himself. After some
initial concern and worry, we had all come toaccept this


12

situation. But now that his illness had drawn on for
several weeks, anxiety levels began to rise. Not that
Rabbi Brown wasn't a respected and well-liked elder in
the community. But not to see the Rebbe, to hear his
voice and touch his coat, this was a hardship on us all.

Then, one afternoon I went out to pick up some
groceries for Mrs. Brown. As I walked to Klein's, I felt a
sudden urge to visit Jacob. I found myself wondering
how he was and feeling guilty that I hadn't looked in on
him. I decided to keep walking to his apartment and pay
aquick visit, then pick up the groceries on the way back.
Itseemed the right thing to do— in fact, I felt that I had
no choice but to go there right away. And so I found
myself at his flat. When the elevator brought me to his
floor, I was surprised to see two police officers waitingon
the other side of the elevator door. One was a woman;
1 looked to the floor and made room for them to pass

Jacob did not seem surprised to see me. It may
surprise you, Rachel, but I can remember every word of
our conversations. P've been exercising my memory
since a very young age, you see. Atage 11, I could recite
all 613 mitzvot in Hebrew and English.

"Jacob," I asked him, "how have you been? Are you
feeling all right?"

"You don't read the papers, do you, Reuben?" He
was sitting across from me, in the center of the couch,
arms outspread along the top of the sofa.

Saviors and Destroyers.

"Only the Algemeiner Journal," I said

"Well, it seems that Charles has disappeared."

I wasn't sure what he meant, and he could tell by
my face. He explained. "My roommate. Nobody's
seen him for three weeks. His parents are sick with
worry. He simply went out one night and never
came back."

"Is he... I mean..." I couldn't think of what to say.
"Do you think he's all right?"

"Oh, I'msure he's not," Jacob said flatly. Then, with
more concern in his voice, he added, "I mean, people
don't just vanish for that long and then turn up okay."

I thought about the police at the elevator. "Is that
why the police were here?"

"Asamatteroffact, yes. Did they say anythingto you?"

"No. Not a word." In my mind I was praying.

"That's good," Jacob said. "Perhaps they didn't
realize you were coming to see me."

"{ don't understand."

"Did I tell you that Charles — that's my roommate
—Charles was an Arab? I'm sorry, I mean is an Arab."

"Noo, you didn't. Jacob, you don't seem yourself.
Are you..." I wanted to ask if he was having some
kind of recurrence of the mental problems that had
followed his injury, but I couldn't think of how to
phrase it.


61

jo Jopueou ay 2y!] paaino pur iyue[g ayp ssouse SUrA]
seat 3] ‘BUO] soyUT [exDAVs ‘snoUL k se UMOIG ‘papuarxa
arey Jo 9O] Jory kB Yous Iwep Udaariaq Woy 19439303
ured s19yUE]q Om Jo safipa aya axdyM ‘Mou ‘99s pjnoo
] ‘9 punoze 2481] ax0w SurUTYs ‘aso]9 aure> qoref
"urey sem I] "ON
jang isqomqocd 7]>} pry
[ ey az1pvar 02 BUI JOy spuOdas [BI9Aa8 YOO? I] "UDG
udaq pey | J} se y9eq J]Nd au peu yey? SuNpauos
jsurese paysnag siaSuy Aur pue "T9UI09 & 10} payDzeas |
"yoyUL| B10Wy "]]44 se eq 2! payind pue apa sayoUuR
punoy | qops sures ayp jo aed sdeyod "peauag aayUE|q
a10w sea DY], "ye IOYURIG ay paaad Aqjnjore> pue
apo ue punoy | Os ‘Aaessadau WEY aYOUr 11 YINOI 02 IUeAL
1UpIP | Uosead 9UZOS JO} IAXUE]G ay 10} pay>ear |
apyuriq ap sapun,,
qamnoge sry
s1 YA qooe[ Ve BUPFOo] wW,] TYR OU I,UOp J,
"ypeauiag seat ey
{jp9ex9 ]]93 20 pjnoo J ang ayqista sadeys 10 sdumny autos
dios a1atp2 ‘asayp yp Jo sJUBUOD au sso1de padvip sea
yoyue|g Avsd Spry y -TYBITYsey [Jews & paonpord pey
gooef 531 ssoxse peaads 1431] Jo apauro v Apuappng "3say>
2up Paty wep adeys yep dup ano axeUr a,UpINo9 |
"py tp pay] pure yore]
ayp paseajar | "Mou JUasqe sea 490] ay Ing SYo]ped &
Yai pasoyo uaag pey says ayp weep paypesar | "Ajdur0s 01
peaisu! paproap ng ‘uorysanb e yse 02 yanour Aw pauado
[ PIY? preaypeq e ym aouatred pamuny Buistoz0xo
quozed v ay] Surpunos ‘ow pjor ay ,‘peaye O,,
"ains ypejq Au Ur | pue VOY os sea I] ja19y am azar AYA
au 02 9sUas OU ape SIY] "pueIsIapuN 3.UpIP |
"pres ay , 21 Uadg,,
"a10J9q SYsoMi pated pom duo ayy SUN sty paysvar
3a [FUN saxog payseas pur $1939] Jo azew ay YSnomyp
aw pa] qooe{ "poo|g pue asnu Yala pazaa0o aq 01 pauiaas
sj]eas ayp sada uu jo siauz09 atp wor ‘asooue UO asdioo
e oy! Suypiao ays woy Buny rtp ging mojjaX-adue
-10 Burp II Woy sem IyBy] Afuo ay "parequiewar
[ Ue YstT]ay s10W UDAd sem Woo! ay] "Aya Suture
"x9 IMOYAAL JUaUHAseG ay 01 UMOP aUI pay qose[
"ypissayy aup Jo sdarsiooy ayp reaq 02 uea]> ApUa!
-lgns pjioa siya aeur 01 YBnoua siadeid OU are axayp
sdeysag ‘uondurapay jo dep ay Woy sey ‘ey are om
‘aura Jolag ¥ 04 Yaseg Ino ¥pem 0 a]ge s} Sump Yons auo
tua qa jl wet aztpead J 4ypasdu 10} 31 SuussouriM ayy "sao
uewny Aq uaas aq 03 URAL ZaAdU sem Aep et UO aves
[2eyA\ "2ouRI0USr Jo ssouquinu yams ayp Aq padejdaz
Arowaw ayp aaey 02 Buryadue aat3 pjnow at pasuatiadxe
oyat {J 2q pnoys se st ay. "YWNodA1 01 Bulredaxd mou
we | Siu9A9 atp puers1opuN o1 NOA 10} prey 9g |]!
saypey rwag
SNOLLMTAATY

uoneunou1ay
ssuf]] toy UO
uo|ssassog 21U0uI9q]
dduRUMOY, UT Ss999Ng
UEP

uno.

sBurssog,

poo jo soueny au
roqeydpy sauqay Oy
suse UL
romydag ayy
Ova
"opt| AOA OUT YETEQgLY] PUP Jo Jamod ayp Burg 01
MOU, 01 PIDU NOS IY Puy ]],NOA a19Y ‘Ppass9A [oar
age Jo sarpnas anod Buruursiag asnf anos JoypayA\
APEMMOT Susia soy syueyp

Thea athens Uva ea

"quauraseq ayy O1U UA aM PUY
_BUIPAWOSNOs moYsor prau J, , "WO presay,{UEqnay,,
«SUH Jo IsayTp ap UE Uadd ‘IIyA
-A1da9 are YB] §,)-H Jo Hyseds oyp aeyp Joquiowio4 asus
am ang ‘payeay Ayaraydusos rou a1,noX "20 & YBNoINp
ua9q a4,Nok MOUY J, "WIY OI ples | AYSIU TE "say,

"UU JO YUTYP ISNUL NOK IY, "NOA jo
quoy ur sswaydse]g aataepar UNO INOA pur ‘snord ay Jo
agi] dep Buraly ‘ore NOA a19py "MOA puayo o} URAL 3,UPIP
] ‘Auos un, "pres ay ,{Auzos uy, ""yonoo aya asurese
dun Apoq sty pur pasos jyey sodo siy nbuen youre
curese wyes sea ay TuaWOW Ix9U dy J "s,LUNTUL Ue O»I]
poasia Ayuappns 208y s1y pamnoys ay ,,;Ae1d 3,U0p J,

«ony
MOUY [],9H{ IYStU02 s,umosg 1qqey we J9UUIp davy pue
aur YA aWOD "JoyIasor Aesd pynoys am ‘qooef,
(cop Soup moun | 1 Yury Aoyp ng "I Aes
pur ano awd 2,Uop Ady] "spsom AUBUL Os UL ION,
<2! pip NOA yurep Aayp puyy ;paropanus uaaq
say yung Aayy — 3urp Aoyy apy, "240w a,UpNod
[ang ‘aeyp Aw jo ano duinf oi paruea | .j19pany,,
<@J9panun aup oq jadadsns
Sayp Yur Nos op oY ‘seaddesip warp jo duo pue
‘sy29803 Buray] atof B pue qesy ue aas AY] "SAA,
qYsNoyp {wu UNOpBUIMo]s2q 04 psUs99s sp10M SI] "Aavss
ayy] Buruayonp sea ureag Aww ft se3]24 | {250d Oy],
(CBupjunp are so1jod ays wy 10U say
‘gsino9 JQ ‘a[doad pareonpa are ayy ‘sn 02 paroneut
J9ADU I] "[OOYPS UT FRG IT Inge paysne] ay "I! |]e>.02
pasn ay ‘sonsouse sejnoas — wnysnyy wade 10U 91,S9q,]
suONMvIOUDS VAY JO} "g'] 9yB UL UDDq s,Aq!UNE SIH]
asinod jo ‘URdLAWYy-quiy,, "UO IAM ay , qery UY,

ANC) WALA HD)

14

ariver. | had touched human hair. And as I stared, the
bulges and lumps beneath the blanket resolved them-
selves into a single shape, one that my mind
simultaneously identified and refused to acknowledge.

"Ayn o milvado..." I started to murmur.

"None of that," Jacob said, slapping me lightly
across the back of my head. I pushed myself back from
the chest. I tried to stand but my legs would not obey me.

"Why...?" I moaned. "Oh, Jacob, why..."

"Because I need your help," he said to me.

"Jacob, you're ill. You need to... you need help.
We'll contact the authorities, they'll help you—"

"You'll contact no one. You're in this with me now."

"With you? What are you talking about?"

"You're an accessory. Your fingerprints, Reuben.
They're all over that trunk now. And remember the
cutlery you helped me move? Your prints are all over
those as well. You helped me kill him, Reuben. That's
what I'll tell them, if you don't do as I say."

"But... you... it isn't true!"

"What an absurd thing to say. It will be true,
because I'll make it true. You think the police would
listen to you? Look how you dress, how you live. They
practically consider you to be the member of a danger-
ous cult. They'll never believe you didn't help me kill
this Arab. Now stop your sniveling, and P'll tell you
what you're going to do for me."

DEcISIONS

When I left Jacob's basement could scarcely breathe,
and my heart was thumping like a hammer. I had been in
the house with a corpse. I had touched a corpse, defiled
myself. My cousin was clearly insane. And a murderer. |
could not think. I, who could quote whole pages from In
Praise of the Besht at age eight, could not make my brain
work. And it was as if I had forgotten there was a G-d in
Heaven. I wandered the streets, notknowing where I was,
until suddenly I found myself in front of the mikvah. This
calmed me somewhat. Clearly, I thought, G-d had led my
footsteps here. I entered the bathhouse, forcing every-
thing out of my head but the details of the ritual. I let the
prayers, the cleaning, the immersions crowd out all
thoughts in my head. And by the time I was finished, I
knew what I had to do.

Of course, those who knew me would never believe 1
was a murderer. But if I were arrested, put on trial... it
would be a terrible blow for us. We were a small commu-
nity, among the smallest of the Chassidic courts. I had
worked in Manhattan in the garment and diamond dis-
tricts. | had traveled out of state, even once to the Holy
Land. 1 knew very well what the outside world, the gentiles,
evenother Jews, thought of the Chassidim. If Jacob carried
out his threat it would bring unwanted shame and atten-
tion to our community. As harmful as poison in a well.

Saviors AND DesTROYERS

The Rebbe, of course, could have advised me.
Unquestionably, he would have the answers. But he
had been too ill lately to see anyone. Some even
whispered he would soon be called away. And even had
he been healthy, it was unlikely he'd have been able to
interrupt his studies and his duties on short notice. So
Thad no choice. I had to go along with Jacob for now.
I would get the book he wanted and it would appease
him, keep him from doing any more harm. And then I
would have the time to talk to Rabbi Brown, perhaps
even to the Rebbe. They would know what to do. And
ina day or two the authorities would come for Jacob and
all would be sorted out.

You see how my pride led to my downfall? Instead
of putting my trust in G-d, I grasped onto the supposed
logic of my own scheme and used it to pull myself from
the terror I had felt in the basement.

I made an excuse to Rabbi Brown, telling him I was
working on my commentary on the fourth command-
ment and needed some references kept in the book
repository at the Temple. | lied to him, to his face, under
his own roof. Rabbi Brown accepted my story at face
value and excused me from supper early. Walking to the
Temple, I felt like I carried a millstone around my neck.
My mouth was dry and my hands were sweating.

I don't think Rabbi Brown realized that 1 knew
where the key to the back room was kept. But had seen
him retrieve it from its hook behind the filing cabinet
many times. And no one would question my presence in
the library. No one would even know I had entered the
back room where the writings of our greatest teachers
were kept. It would be an easy theft.

Just as Jacob had told me.

So there I was, outside the Temple. Waiting. Try-
ing to make myself go in and commit the sinful act.
Would I kiss the book before I took it, or after? G-d was
watching me. And...

The Rebbe. I chanced to glance up at his window, on
the top floor of the tall brownstone across from the
Temple. When he had first taken ill, people had gathered
beneath his window every night hoping to get a glance at
him. But he had not appeared, and Rabbi Brown had said
that it would be better to spend the time in prayer than
ina vigil. So, save for myself, the corner was deserted.

And tonight the Rebbe was there. I saw his silhou-
ette in the window. Was he watching me?

Was he watching me betray him?

Jacob's door was open when I returned. "I'm back
here," his voiced called, barely louder than a whisper.
"Come in." | walked through the short entryway into his
living room. There was a single lamp lit.

"Pardon the mess," Jacob said. The room was a
shambles. The couch was turned over, the coffee table
in pieces. Books and papers were everywhere. A bottle


Curren ONE

lay broken at the foot of the bookcase. Cold air blew in
through the broken window and the shade lay on the
floor in shreds. Jacob was sitting in the only upright
chair, his fingers tented together as he watched me. The
right sleeve had been torn off his shirt and his arm was
bruised and bleeding. The rest of his clothes were
disheveled but intact.
He was smiling.

"Thad some visitors," he told me. "Now, give me the
book and we can both get on with our miserable lives."

"

"What?" His tone told me he'd guessed what I was
going to say.

"I didn't bring it, Jacob. | couldn't. I couldn't do it."

drifted toward the ceiling. "You

"| see." His ey
couldn't. Because.
"Jacob," | nearly shouted. "Jacob, you need help!
You're not right. Let me help you. Jacob, say the tefillat
zaka with me—"
"Not one word!" he shouted, jumping to his feet.
Then his voice was calm again. "Reuben, cousin, where
Icome from there's not much tolerance of failure. One
mistake and you're an outcast. But tonight's your
lucky night. I have another use for you."
He was walking toward me and I was afraid. I
suddenly realized that I was a fly who had walked
willingly intoa spider's web. I backed away and found
myself against the wall. Where had the door gone? I
was afraid to turn and look, afraid of what he would
do if I didn't watch him. "Barukh atah..." | began.
"What did | tell you about that?" His voice
was not his voice anymore. And he was not
Jacob. Where Jacob had stood there was some-
thing else. A kind of darkness shaped like a
man. Hands like a skeleton. Eyes like dark
tunnels. And the smell... th
ting flesh. Corruption and di
"See, Reuben, son of Mendel and
Anne," hesaid. "See what I found among
the corpses, where the children of Isaac
and Ishmael slaughter each other daily.
See what found me. Do you under-
stand, now, Reuben? Do your studies
include warnings about my kind?" His
voice was like dirt falling into a grave.
"Dybbuk," I whispered. I wanted to look away. I
wanted to call on G-d, but my lips would not form the
words. I cringed until I was on the floor, tears running,
into my beard. | felt as] had the day my mother died, her'
taxi crushed by a truck. As I had standing at the side of
my father's grave, sure in my head of G-d's divine
providence but desperately cursing Him in my heart.
For a fraction of a moment, I had a vision of this Earth

se.

15


16

asa giant graveyard, a thin, shell of pathetic life cover-
ing unimaginable depths of bones, corpses and
decomposing flesh.

When I opened my eyes, the room had been cleaned
and straightened, the broken glass swept up, the furni-
ture upright. Who had done it? Had I? Jacob was sitting
on the couch, calmly drinking from a coffee cup. His
arm was no longer injured. I was standing with my hand
on the doorknob.

"Well," Jacob said. "I think we understand each
other now. Go home, Reuben, say your prayers and go
to bed. Tomorrow you'll take care of that business we
talked about. No need to bring the item here. I'll come
to your place and get it. See you in 24 hours."

WISEMAN
HAS COMETOTOWN!!

With great joy, we announce the ar-
rival of his honor, master, scholar, teacher
and tzadik, Josef Eliezer Hertz. Advice on
all spiritual matters. Assistance in all spiri-
tual struggles. 15 Canal Street.

BroxEen Bonps

Why didn't I kill myself when I had the chance?
That's the question I keep asking myself. | could have
put an end to my suffering. All I had to do was pull the
trigger, and I would have been free.

Instead, I procrastinated. Waiting for the right mo-
ment to end it all. It was a Saturday when I thought the
moment had finally arrived. I was in my one-room apart-
ment, holdingapistol I'd bought from the pawn shopdown
the street. Earlier that day, my boss at the coffee shop had
given me another warming, Shape up or ship out.

I thumbed the pistol's hammer back, the click
echoing in the musty silence. Just one shot, I told
myself, and it would all be over with. Then I'd see God,
and receive my final judgment. I'd never believed Jill
when she'd lectured me on God's disappearance. I knew
He was watching, and I'd failed Him.

Still I hesitated. I paced the cramped apartment,
looking for the right place to kill myself. Should it be by
the wall facing the street, so I wouldn't endanger my
neighbors? Should it be in the bathtub, hoping the
porcelain would stop the bullet? Should I write a note?
Would anyone believe what I would write?

Why couldn't I bring myself to do it? How could I
still want to live after all that I was responsible for? I
helped a demon roam the Earth. I let her evil corrupt
innocent lives.

Saviors and Destroyers

Finally, I stretched out on the narrow bed, making
sure my head was pointed toward the wall facing the
street. | started to whisper a prayer, the pistol resting on
my lower lip. Soon, I would rid the world of a corrupt
being: myself.

The phone rang.

I should have ignored it. It kept ringing. Three
times. Five times. Eight times. It wouldn't stop. I
could have pulled the trigger, but I didn't. Maybe I
wanted to believe that God was on that phone. Or
perhaps I was just a coward, too frightened to take
that final step into oblivion.

So I answered the phone, hoping it was someone
who could help me.

‘Hello." I said meekly.

"Is this Paul O'Connor?" It sounded like a young
man in his early 20s, maybe younger.

‘Yes. I'm kind of busy right now."

"| know. You'll be lucky if that cheap gun even
works," the young man said.

I jumped out of the bed.

"You should have closed your blinds," the
man continued.

"Who is this?" I demanded. "Oh dear God," I
thought, "Was it another demon?"

"You don't recognize my voice?"

I thought for a second. "No. Why should I?"

"Because I remember you quite clearly, Our com-
mon..." the voice paused, "friend used to talk about you
a lot. Remember that night at the ballet?"

The memory began to come back to me.

The voice continued. "You were sitting next to Jill.
Remember just before the ballet started when she
looked over the balcony and nodded to someone in the
cheap seats? I was the guy she nodded to."

"J still don't—"

"I suppose not. But | remember you. I saw that look
in your eyes. You wanted to be all over her, but you
couldn't because you were in polite company. You
wanted to feel—"

"Who are you?" I shouted.

"Paul, we're family. Ina matter of speaking."

The voice continued. "That night, I was so jealous
of you. You were so close to her. I know you were her
favorite. I was just the one who did her dirty work."

"If you don't tell me who—"

"I know your pain, Paul."

I shivered. How could he know?

"Believe me, whatever she made you do, I did 10
times worse. I was under her spell. I would have killed
my own family just for the chance—"


Cuvpter ONE

»

"I don't care what she did to you! Leave me alone
lyelled. I tried to put down the phone, but somehow I
couldn't move. Part of me wanted to listen to him, to
hear the voice of someone else who had been through
the same things I had.

"Paul, wait!" pleaded the voice. He sounded desper-
ate. "I was like you. Much worse than you. But I found
away. Listen to me. I'm giving youa chance to make up
for what you did."

Ifeltmy heart clench. My mouth worked, butnosound
came out. Was this the salvation I'd been looking for?

"Are you listening to me?"

1 was too stunned to reply.

"Paul?"

"Yes," | whispered.

He gave me the address of a convenience store.
"Youneed to be there between 10:30 and 11:00 tonight.
You got that?"

"Yes," | weakly replied.

"Don't bring your gun, and come alone. We'll know
if you're being followed."

"We?" L asked.

"You'll understand soon enough."

"But—"

The man hung up.

Isat on the floor in a daze. Moments ago, I was close
to killing myself. | must have been holding out for a
miracle. Now it had presented itself. The phone's insis-
tent buzzing had woken me from the daze.

Was this a trick? I wondered that as I hung up the
phone. Wassome demon trying to claim me for his own?
Jill had mentioned other demons before she'd been
destroyed. Could another one have tracked me down?
Could the nightmare be starting again?

I must have thought about it for an hour, consider-
ing all the possibilities. Then as the time approached, I
made my decision. If didn't go, I'd feel the guilt again,
and sooner or later I'd try to kill myself. The man on the
phone offered me a chance at salvation. I owed it to
myself to investigate it.

I had to see if this truly was an opportunity for
salvation. So I decided to go. It was a decision I shouldn't
have made.

Powror No Reruns

Several minutes later, I found myself outside of a
convenience store. The walls were a dirty white color,
and the pavement was cracked like a dry lakebed.
Ironically, a few blocks ahead of me, there seemed to
be some really nice houses. Behind me, there appeared
to be some run-down homes and apartments. It was
like this store was the boundary between the rich and
the destitute.

Imade my way to the glass door. A sign on the front
read, "Guns Welcome." Part of me wondered how that
made the owner feel any safer.

The clerk glared at meas entered the store and said
aterse hello. [couldn'tsee anyone else, and I could guess
why. The selection wasn't much, unless you liked cheap
beer and chips.

After checking my watch, I walked across the sticky
floor toward the back. If the stranger didn'tshow up, [could
at least get a six-pack of something and head back home.

As I started toward the back, I heard a bell ring. I
turned and saw a very large, muscular African-Ameri-
can walk into the store wearing an oversized Dallas
Stars shirt. He looked at the clerk and smiled. I was
surprised to see the clerk relax as the man entered, and
warmly greet the stranger.

1 turned back to the beer aisle when one of the
tabloids in the newsstand caught my eye. On it was
picture of a wildfire out west. The smoke formed into a
horned head, and the caption read, "Stunning Proof:
Satan creating Hell on Earth!"

I stepped closer to the tabloid. Hell on Earth?
Months ago I would have laughed at that stupid head-
line. Now... I don't know any more. Maybe they were
‘on to something. My mind kept flashing back to the
people Jill made me harm. She must have been working
toward something. Maybe she was trying to create her
own personal Hell?

Still, lcouldn't help but remember what she used to
tell me. She made me do terrible things, she said,
because it was necessary. People had to be shown the
truth, or the real monsters would triumph. As I looked
at the paper, I couldn't think of anyone more vile than
she, except maybe Satan himself.

Suddenly, I feltas ifsomeone wasstanding behind me.

"Keep your eyes on the paper," came the voice of
the African-American. "Don't look back."

1 locked my eyes on the image of Satan.

The man sighed. "How ironic." I didn't reply,
fearing what he would do to me.

"I think you have the wrong person." I whispered.

"You're Paul, right?" he asked softly.

Thesitated.

"Are you?" he repeated firmly.

I finally nodded.

"OK, now listen," he said. "You can still walk away
from this and pretend you never heard from us. Maybe
you can put your life back together."

I could never forget what she did to me. But part of
me wanted to walk away. I was afraid. Afraid of this
stranger standing behind me. Afraid that he might lead
me into a trap.


18

"Because if you follow me, there's no turning back.
You understand?"

I gave a quick nod.

"No one will be safe around you. I mean no one.
Your family and friends will become targets. You'll face
dangerous monsters. Even if you're careful, they could
kill you in a second. They'll look human. You might
have to kill their shell in order to banish them. It'll look
like you're killing someone. You have to know better."
He looked around. "Heck, if you're smarter than I am,
you'll leave your loved ones behind. You understand?"

"Yes," I whispered.

"Think about it." He took a step back. "We think
you can help us. But it's your choice, and you have to
really want this."

I didn't say anything. How could I? I didn't want to
believe that he was talking about going after demons.
How could we win? I had seen with my own eyes what
they were capable of.

"[''m going to leave," the man said. "Down the block
there's an old theater. If you want to join us, wait five
minutes, then walk over there. If you don't, you'll never
hear from us again."

I heard the man's heavy footsteps walk away. He
gave a cheery goodbye to the clerk, then left the store.

I looked down at the photo of the smoke demon.
How could anyone think of going after such a creature?
Jill had tapped into the power of the universe. I knew
she had the power to look into someone's soul. She'd
been able to see weakness. God knows she'd seen mine.

Now these strangers wanted me to fight demons?
That was suicide.

1 almost laughed aloud. Hours ago, I was ready to
kill myself, now I hesitated to face a demon because it
would be suicidal.

As | looked into the smoke demon's eyes, | felt that
1 was having a revelation. Perhaps God was finally
reaching out to me, showing me the way. Maybe sacri-
ficing myself to the demons of Hell was the only way to
prove myself worthy of God's forgiveness.

I looked up from the tabloid. Maybe they did have
a plan to fight the demons. If it somehow worked, I
could stop the pain the devil's servants were inflicting
upon humanity. Maybe I could save one person from the
guilt I was suffering from.

For the first time in months, | felt hopeful. Yes, I'd
once made a bad decision. This time, however, things
would be different. They had to be. I believed then that
the path to the theater was the path to salvation.

If Pd only known what I was getting into, I'd have
walked back to the apartment and ended things then and
there. If only I''d known how futile my efforts would be.

Savrors ab Destroyers

"TRUTHOR CONSEQUENCES

I bought the tabloid asa memento of my revelation.
The clerk asked if] was a friend of Lou's. I lied and said
yes. He warmed to me a bit and said I could keep my car
in the lot as long as I needed to.

"He keeps my shift safe," the clerk told me.

L left the store, and after dropping the paper in my
car, I headed out toward the sidewalk. Across the street
and about a block away from me, | saw the old theater.
The vertical sign read "The Starlight," and I could see
the broken glass, even at a distance. Below it, the
marquee read, "Back in the Right Hands."

I crossed the street and made my way toward the
theater. As I approached, I noticed that all the windows
were boarded upand tagged with many years' worth of gang
tags, much like many of the other buildings on the strip.

When I reached the box office, the front door
cracked open. "Hurry!" came Lou's voice. "Get in here
before anyone notices."

Iwalked quickly toward the door. I couldn'tsee into
the darkness, but I had to keep going. Salvation or
death, either fate was acceptable to me.

Lou switched ona flashlight as he closed the door.
Except for the flashlight, the lobby was pitch black. I felt
like I was on the edge of an abyss.

Louhanded meaclothsack. "Putiton," he commanded.

My eyes widened. "What for?" I asked.

"It's for your final test," Lou replied. "We can't be too
careful in our line of work." He motioned for me to putiton.

T hesitated.

"If you're the kind of person we think you are, you'll
pass. All you have to do is answer some questions."

"And if I don't pass?" I asked.

"Look at it this way: You'll have a better shot of making
it to Heaven if we kill you than if you commit suicide." Lou
motioned for me to put the sack over my head.

Reluctantly, | put the large sack over my head. | felt
Ihad nothing to lose.

"Now put your hands behind your back," Lou said,

Idid, and he tied them tightly with rope. Lou guided
me deeper into the theater. After several endless min-
utes, he led me up a short set of stairs, and then we
walked a few feet across a creaky wooden floor. He let
me go, and seconds later I could see a light shining
through my hood. It must have been fairly bright,
considering the thickness of the cloth.

"This man wishes to become a brother," Lou cried out.

More lights pointed at my hood. I heard footsteps.
Someone paced around me acouple times before stopping.

"You're Paul O'Connor?" It was the voice I'd heard
onthe phone. "Freshman at Oklahoma City University?"

"Yes. Who are you?"


Ciapter ONE

He snorted. "Call me Mr. Black for now." He paced
a bit. "We both knew Jill, as I'm sure you remember.
Now tell me, do you believe in God?"

"Yes,"

"Do you consider yourself a good Christian?"

[hesitated before replying, "Not anymore."

"OF course not," Mr. Black chuckled. "Once you
accepted Jill's gift, you turned your back on God and his
works. Was there ever a time you felt yourself to be a
good Christian"

"Yes."

"Thentell mehow youcame tobe seduced byademon."

Her face filled my thoughts

"She came to a cafe where I worked. Jill always
seemed to be there whenever I worked. She always
made sure I was her serve

"Funny how she always managed to do that," re-
plied Mr. Black with a hint of disgust.

I continued, "She was so beautiful. And she
seemed to really like me. She... she had this way of
looking at you, you know? Like you were the only
person in the room. That no one else mattered but
you. Later, she told me she was married. I still don't
know why. Maybe it was just part of the game to her.
[tried to avoid her after that, but I never seemed to
be able to resist her."

"What happened?"

"One day she told me that she could give me
anything I wanted. She even said she could prove it
lasked her how. Jill replied that she could give me a
free sample."

"The first one is always free."

"Quiet!" commanded a woman's voice. "Let

him finish."
‘She made mea genius. For a week, my assignments
were like grade school homework. My other classmates
seemed like idiots when they asked questions. Lectures
were boring because I grasped concepts that my profes-
sors could never understand."

"Then?"

"A week passed, and I went back to normal. It was
so devastating. I'd known so much, and now it was gone.
I wanted it back. I saw Jill the next day. She told me that
she could give me anything I wanted. The sample was
only the first step. I asked her how she could help me. I
wanted to believe she was an angel, here to help people
like me."

Mr. Black laughed bitterly. "You've been watching
too much TY, Paul."

I continued, "She was coy at first. Said I wouldn't
understand. But as we kept talking, she dropped hints
Eventually I suspected that she was something else. I
didn't want to believe it, but I couldn't figure out any
other way she could do what she'd done to me. At first


20

Iwas frightened, but she said she could give me anything
Iwanted. I knew she could make my dreams come true."

"And what were your wildest dreams, Paul?"

Hot tears rolled down my cheeks. "I wanted her.
That was all."

Mr. Black snorted. "How could you have been so
stupid? You just said you suspected what she was. What,
you figured you'd run off to Vegas and get married? To
a demon?"

"J just knew I wanted her! I knew it was wrong, but
I gave in. I was weak. | was lonely." The tears grew. "I
said yes."

"Then what?"

"What do you think? She cursed me. She gave me
the power to draw out people's worst feelings. In
exchange for her love, she would send me to meet
people and force them to reveal their secrets. Some-
times she'd have me discover the weakness of the
people she wanted manipulate. Other times I just
made them lash out at the people around them. Like at
banquets, or during speeches."

"You tried to fight her will, I'm sure," Mr. Black
said coldly. "Jill had to force you to do these things,
right, Paul?"

I shook my head.

"Speak up, Paul! Did you fight her hold over you?"

"No. I did it," I cried, "but when she died—"

"You did it because you were weak!" Mr. Black said.
"You were weak and you failed!"

I couldn't reply. What could I say? He was right.

"You and billions of other weak people. Turning
away from the one true God! It's people like you who are
bringing these demons out of Hell and fueling their
powers with your soul!"

"I guess you know all about it that sort of thing,
don't you, Mr. Black?" The woman's cold voice cut
through Black's ranting like a knife.

"But saw the error of my ways. I founda way to fight
back," replied Mr. Black. I felt his hands squeezing my
head. "Have you learned to be strong? Are you here to
die, or to atone for your sin?"

ca

"Because we cannot offer you salvation. If we kill
you, I'll tell you what will happen. You will fall into Hell
where you'll burn along with the rest of the damned.
The gifts of demons are never free. You understand,
Paul? You will suffer for the brief moments of pleasure
she gave you."

"I know," I sobbed. "I know what I did was wrong."
"Then what do you want?" Mr. Black yelled.
"T want to—"

"I can't hear you!"

Saviors AND DesTROVERS

"Let him answer!" Lou yelled.
Mr. Black released me.
"Lwant to make up for what I did!" I sobbed. "I want

to atone for all the people I harmed."

"Are you strong enough?"

"I don't know, but I have to try."

"There is no trying. You eitherare or youaren't. We
can kill you right now if you like. I'm not going to risk
my life because you're trying to be strong."

"That's enough!" Lou yelled. "You're not going to
get what you want that way."

"Why—" Mr. Black suddenly went silent. | heard
him walk away and someone else approach.

"You have to excuse my friend," Lou said. "He just
wants to know if you're sincere about trying to make
good on what you've done.

"We were all weak at one time," Lou continued
calmly. "Even Jay over there."

1 heard some shuffling further away.

"Take me, for example. I once wanted to be the
baddest gangbanger in the city. Back then I wasso blind,
so when Nate, my former... master, offered me power,
I took it. Believe me, back then I didn't care about the
consequences. I just wanted to be the baddest
motherfucker in Oklahoma City." He paused for a few
seconds. "You know what? I was lucky. Nate actually
tried to do some good around here. He convinced me
that there was more to life than gangs and hustling.
Nate opened my eyes toa world beyond the streets. You
could call it a new Eden. We were going to build that
new Eden, starting with my neighborhood.

"But there are others, Paul. Demons who want to
turn us all into slaves. I helped Nate fight them, but in
the end, he was killed. Sure, I was free, but I knew." He
leaned closer to me. "I knew that these demons wanted
toenslave everyone I loved. I couldn't ignore that, Paul.
For the sake of my loved ones. For the sake of that Eden
Nate showed tome. [had to try. Even if] failed, it would
be worth it, you know?"

I nodded.

"Now I want you to think long and hard about this.
We're going to be hunting and killing demons who wear
human skins. We'll even kill their slaves if we have to.
Other demons will try to destroy us and our families. It's
nota pretty life. Like I told you, at this point, there's no
turning back. Now really think about this. Do you think
you're strong enough to fight back? To redeem yourself,
even if it means hardship and death?

"If not," Lou continued, "I can help you take the
easy out. [don't quite share Jay's view of Heaven. Maybe
you'll be in Limbo for a while until the war is over.
Maybe you'll go to Hell. Maybe God really has forgiven
everyone, and you'll go to Heaven. Like I told you, I


Citapter ONE.

think you'll have a better shot at reaching Heaven if I
killed you than if you killed yourself."

There was my ticket to a quick death. A chance to
end the pain. All I had to do was say no. As I thought
about Jill, and my own sins, my hunger for death began
to fade. Maybe I was regaining my moral strength, or
maybe I was just too afraid to die. No, I think I just
wanted a chance to set things right. I could show God
that, given another chance, I could set things right and
take responsibility for the evil I'd helped inflict. Did I
have the strength?

"Yes," I said.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, | want to help you. I want to fight the...
demons who are out there. I want to redeem my soul."

Lou let out a sigh and was silent for a few seconds.
"Thank God. I didn't want your blood on my hands.
Now I've got another question. Jay may disagree with
me, and that's fine, but I think there'sa great war going
on. A war that has spilled over onto the Earth. Now
some of the demons may really want to help us. Nate
cared about humanity very deeply. He may have been
the only one, but I doubt it. So Paul, you got to promise
me one thing. Can you promise to always use your
head? Can you promise to think before you reach for
your gun? I want to be sure we're fighting the right
people, you know?"

"But aren't they all servants of the Devil?" I asked.

"J don't think a servant of the Devil would try to
create a new Eden for us. So you've got to promise me to
keep an open mind, OK"

It was hard for me to picture a demon being "good"
or at least caring for humanity. Maybe it was possible.
Then again, maybe Nate had just been using Lou.

"I promise." I replied, and prayed that I wouldn't
live to regret it.

Lou squeezed my shoulder. "Good," he said, and
walked away. A lighter set of footsteps moved closer
tome.

"You should listen to him," the woman said. "The
fallen angel who blessed me cared very deeply about
humanity. He wanted to create a new Eden, too, not a
Hell. He always treated me with respect, and I will
always cherish the moments I spent with him."

The thought made my blood run cold. I'd loved a
demon, too, and had paid the price. Was she still under
the monster's spell? If so, what did that say about me?

"Then there are demons who hate us, who blame us
for the suffering they've endured. I've seen them, Paul.
They killed my fallen angel. My friends may not agree
on which angels are good and which are monsters, but
there isa difference. There is great good within them, as
well as great evil."

1 found myself nodding. Whoever she was, she was
very persuasive. A sudden thought gave me a chill.
What if she or the others were all still enslaved? How
would I know before it was too late?

"This is my question to you, Paul. I gave up a family
for this cause." She paused. "There isn't a day that goes
by that I don't think of my daughter and my husband
Do you think that I want to miss watching her growing
up? Do you think I wanted to leave my husband?"

I shook my head.

"1 did it for their safety. So I need to know that you
won't betray us, Paul. Not only the people here, but
our families. | need to know that you won't try to kill
my family."

1 felt the barrel of a gun at my head.

"Because if you do anything, even accidentally,
that could threaten my family, I'll kill you!"

She pushed the barrel hard against my skull.

"Convince me that you won't betray us."

I hesitated before finally saying, "How can I con-
vince you? You'll think—"

"Just answer the question. We'll know the truth."

I closed my eyes. "I promise I won't betray any of
you, or your families." I braced for the gunshot, since I
wasn't sure if that would convince her.

She pulled the gun away, instead.

"Don't change your mind," she said curtly, and
walked away.

Another set of footsteps approached. Someone
untied the rope around my hands. As my hands were
freed, the person pulled off my hood. In front of me
stood aman who appeared to be in his early 30s. He wore
a black OSU T-shirt and ripped, faded jeans. Around
his neck, he wore a large gold crucifix. Dark eyes glared
coldly from a lean, clean-shaven face.

"Get on your knees," he finally said. "Please."

I did, still unsure if I'd passed the test or not.

The man touched his crucifix. "I've heard the ring
of truth in your words. I knew you would be worthy."

Theld up my hand. "Wait. How did you find me?"

"We find the thralls of the those who have been
sent back to Hell. We found Jay listed in the notes of a
deceased demon. Jay then led us to you."

"But how—"

"Let me finish. As Lou said, we have all been
touched by the fallen angels. Under their influence, we
may have done terrible things or offered our faith to
those who were unworthy of it. We hear the guilt in your
voice, Paul. We know what you feel. Even Jay does."

Ilooked outat the others. Each of them was holding
a flashlight pointed in my direction. An angry looking
man wearing a pizza deliveryman's uniform stared hard


at the man with the golden cross, but slowly bowed his
head in agreement.

"Paul, I believe that everything happens for a rea-
son. We have been given knowledge of demons on
Earth. We have also regained our free will. By joining us,
you can help us use our knowledge against them. Both
for our salvation, and for humanity's."

The woman set down her flashlight and picked up
what appeared to be an old lantern. As she started
toward us, I could see her better in the light. Her hair
was bleached blonde, and the pain in her eyes made me
think she was older than she appeared. She held the
lantern in front of me.

Louthenstepped forward, holding box of matches.

"My name is Bruce," the man with the cross said.
"Some people call me Reverend, but I prefer Bruce."
Lou handed the box of matches to me. Bruce continued,
"By lighting this lantern, you agree to become a beacon
of hope. You agree to fight the darkness, and become
one of us." He turned to the woman. "Beth?"

Beth opened the lantern. I took the box of matches
and lit one. As I watched it burn, I remembered the
candlelight dinners I had with Jill. Once I thought she
really loved me, but it wasa lie. | lit the lantern and Beth
closed it. It emitted a warm, soothing glow.

"Youcan stand up, Paul," Bruce said. "You're on the
path to redemption."

That was how I met Bruce, Beth, Jay and Lou. For
our safety, we only used each other's first names, and we
had contact information for only one person in the
group. Only Jay could contact me.

After the meeting, | felt certain that God had led
me there to find salvation. For the first time in months,
I felt good, and the feeling lasted the rest of the night.

When I went to bed, | dreamed that I was sur-
rounded by a great storm. There was nowhere I could
run. Above, a funnel cloud formed, filled with light-
ning. With each crack of thunder, I could hear Jill
calling out to me. I screamed and woke up.

Bruce was right. I was on the road to salvation, but
Thad no idea how hard that road would be.

FRENDS aNnp
NEIGHBORS

Mystory begins before the note, but the note's what
drew me into it all. Before someone took my baby girl.
Ididn't know why at the time, I only knew that one day
[had a beautiful daughter, and the next | had this big
empty spot in my life that was probably more my fault
than wanted. Life just became aseries of days after that,
sunup, sundown, and somewhere in between I tried not

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

to smash too many plates in the kitchen, and managed
to get a few rough hours of sleep in a night. I left the job
at the convention center. Being a guard down there was
filled with too many long, lonely hours. Every time I
turned around, | thought about Tracy, thought about
the mistakes I'd made, and one day I laid down on the
job — literally — and waited for the day to end. It did,
and I didn't go back.

Every day, Isat around while my wife Marjorie went
to work. She hated me, I think, and thought that Tracy
running away was my fault. She never said as much, but
the love had gone out of our marriage, and it only
furthered my depression. But then the note arrived in
the mailbox one day. It said:

"[ know where your daughter is. I can help get her back.
Tell a single, solitary soul about this note and the chances of
finding her are diminished exponentially. Meet me at the
address below in 10 days, on December the 7th, and you
might have her back by Christmas."

There was no signature, only an address. It was up
in Charlotte. Charlotte's maybe a 20-minute drive up
77 North. Easy once you get out of Fort Mill. I'd do it.
I'd do anything. Note said not to tell anybody, fine. Not
even the wife? So be it. My baby was gone, and if
someone knew something — anything — then I'd go,
because the pain of it was about ready to eat my heart
and send me over the edge. Five months of sitting home,
wondering if my daughter had been raped, killed or run
down, and I was ready to die. I needed a reason to live.

Itwas dumb. Getting a note like that, the first thing
you do is call the cops. For all I knew, some Charles
Manson knock-off was playing with my head. But cops
are stupid. And the threat in the note — don't tell
anyone. If I told the police, would it ruin everything?
Could that mistake cost me the chance to hold Tracy
again? I decided then and there, I'd do it. I don't know
why Tracy ran off, whether it was because I was a bad
and angry father or because she was kidnapped right
from her bedroom. I had to know, one way or another.

I went to pocket the note, memorizing the date and
time, when I saw it. Something else written on the other
side of the paper. In bold black: Psalms 106:37. A
goddamn Bible reference.

Thatnight, while Marjorie wassleeping, [pulledadusty
copy of the NRSV out of the junk drawer in the kitchen.

"Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto
devils." That's what it said, right there in the "Good"
Book. | sat down in the ratty old recliner and cried until
[fell asleep.

THeLosr

Ten days later, I went where I was told. It was
actually snowing little bit, just flurries really, but that's
enough to shut down most places here in the Carolinas.


CiapTER ONE.

[had a bunch of Christmas presents for Tracy. I know
Ididn't have her back yet, but would, I resolved. Didn't
much know whata 14-year-old girl would want, so I got
her a whole bunch of stuff. A few Barbies, a few CDs.
(some of that girly-girl pop music), a blank journal I
picked up at CVS for a couple bucks.

The address was down off South Boulevard, a little
brown office building stuck between a boarded-up porn
store and a closed pet supermarket. South wasn't the
best road in town, I figured. My heart was beating like
adrum, blood rushing in my ears. I kept telling myself
todo it, no matter how dumb it was, like jumping out of
aplane. Do it, get it over with, try not to die. I almost
saida little prayer, but I didn't know shit about praying
so 1 gave up. I wished I'd brought a knife.

Outside, two other men were waiting, warming
their hands with their breath, probably not expecting it
to be this cold. A week ago it was 62 degrees, now it was
20 and snowing. At least | had the brains to put on a
thick sweater. These idiots were in windbreakers and
baseball caps.

One of them, a short, portly guy with a red beard
like steel wool, looked at me suspiciously. He shoved a
pair of gorilla hands in his Charlotte Checkers hockey
jacket. I was waiting for him to whip out a gun and blow
me away. It didn't happen. The other was thin and tall
and looked like was just out of his teens. There was a
little peach fuzz on his face that I guess was supposed to
pass fora goatee. Both of them looked scared, and I guess
I couldn't blame them. The skinny one spoke first.

"Areyouhim?" heasked. "Did you leave us the notes?"

l eyed him. "Notes? Both of you got notes?" What
the fuck was going on?

The young one extended a sweaty, long-fingered
hand. I shook it. "Name's Tommy Springhouse." His
voice trailed off. | noticed he was a Yankee by the accent.

Lhesitated. "Royce. Will Royce."

"You lose a kid, Will Royce?" the scrub-beard
asked, staring at me like I had a set of horns sprouting
from my head.

This was all fucked up. "Maybe," I said.

Tommy shifted nervously from foot to foot. "Kid
run away?"

My hands balled into fists. I didn't talk about it
much, not with anybody, not even Marjorie. But it just
came out. The whole story. I spilled everything about
Tracy, even down to the goddamn shoes she was wear-
ing the day before she was gone. | felt tears burn hot at
the edges of my eyes and | blinked them away. "I just
wish she'd never run away," I said.

"More like kidnapped," the beard said. He reached
out and grabbed my hand. "I'm Darnell Sparks. You can
call me Sparks. I'm a trucker, I work out of Gastonia

most the time. Gota pair of twins, two boys, Jackson and
Tyler. They'd be 17 by now. Been gone two years this
March. Someone came up in a van after homecoming
and took my boys away. Cops weren't much help."

"My daughter was taken this past June," Tommy
said, tapping out a cigarette from a crumple-pack and
skewering it between thin lips. He didn't light it. He
looked sad. "She's only seven, you know?"

"What makes you think they're still alive?" I asked,
and I already knew the answer. I didn't think Tracy was
dead. I wouldn't let myself think that. I've pictured ita
thousand times, her head bashed up, blood in her eyes,
but I've never let myself accept that she could be dead.
It was probably the same with these two, but I had to
hear it from them.

Sparks squinted at me and thrust a sausage-finger in
my face. "Don't even suggest that blasphemy to me. I
don't talk nothing to people who don't have faith. My
boysare living and breathing, and I don'tneed your nay-
saying to tell me different. Fact of the matter is, Royce,
the twins were the best boys you'd ever—"

Tommy interrupted. "Someone's pulling up."

Headlights cut through the flurry. A gray minivan
approached with "Airborne Express" on the side. It was
going fast and the tires hissed across the ice as it slid
diagonally into a few parking spots. The van didn't shut
off, but the driver's door popped open anda man got out,
tall, witha long wool overcoat pulled tight. He marched
right up to us, a heavy pair of work boots leaving prints
in the dusting of white on the asphalt. Looked like he
hadn't shaved in weeks. One of his eyes was bloodshot,
the white streaked with tributaries of red.

"Gentleman," he announced. "Glad the three of
you could make it. Two others were scheduled to show,
but if they're not here by now, that's too bad. We've got
a job to do."

"What?" Tommy asked.

"Wait a goddamn minute—" Sparks said, stepping
up and puffing out his chest. "You have some explaining
to do." I just hung back and watched, nervousness
itching my skin.

"My name is Colin Pelham," he said, producing a
set of file folders from a knapsack he had slung over his
shoulder. Another Yankee, I thought. He handed each
of us one of the folders. As he did I caught a glimpse of
a silver cross, a Jew star and some oriental symbol
hanging around his neck by a little chain. "Look in
there. See what you can see. If you're interested, then
we'll get on it."

I had already flipped open the folder and my heart
froze solid. It was a picture of Tracy being led by some
bald motherfucker into a black Cadillac. They were
holding hands. She looked scared. And thissonofabitch

23

leading her in... he looked like a human wall. Big, bald,
six-and-a-halffeet tall. Three hundred pounds of muscle
stuffed into a black monkey suit.

"Tracy..." I said, voice weak.

The haunted eyes of the other two showed me
what was in their folders. Pelham spoke. "The shotsare
alittle blurry, but I think you get the general idea. The
man in each picture is called Overholt. Godfrey
Overholt. He's the one who has your kids. You want to
bea part of this, you commit now and we get in the van
and do some business. If you're not interested and you
think I'm full of shit, fine. No skin off my back. But I
need to know — now."

Iwas ready to give it all, to fall hook, line and sinker
for this shit on the barest promise of seeing Tracy again.

Sparks spoke up first. "What the fuck do you
want from us?"

"T want Betsy back," Tommy said, wiping a tear
from his cheek. I guessed Betsy was his daughter.

"I can show you the man who took your kids,"
Pelham said. "But only now, only tonight. You want in,
get in the van. You don't, then it's goodbye."

Desperation decided for me. "I'm in," I said.

Sparks shot me a look. He turned back to Pelham.
"If | find you're fucking with me and mine, I'll kill you.
Remember, there's three of us, one of you." He gritted
his teeth.

Pelham thumbed toward the idling van. "Let's go."
We followed him and he opened the side door. "One
more thing, gentlemen. Are you believers? In God,
Heaven, the Devil, Hell? That sort of thing?"

I gave a half-nod, even though I was lying. He
seemed to think it was important, so what did it matter?
Sparks gave a "Hell, yeah," and looked like anybody
who thought differently was shit. Tommy just shrugged.
Said he didn't much know.

"You'll know soon enough," Pelham said.

Exrreme MEASURES

The van started to head into the center of town. Not
uptown. But toward the ritzier districts. Down pasta mall,
toward the Myers Park area. [hada feeling that we'd been
set up, but Sparks was right — there were three of us.
Maybe we could handle ourselves. There was a little part
of me that hadn't felt this alive in months.

"You work for Airborne Express?" I asked Pelham,
yellingup from the back. Hewaved his hand dismissively.

"Used to."

Tommy shot me a look. Deer in headlights. I
looked away. I understood him. Here was this poor
young father who was suddenly caught up in some-
thinghe didn't understand, and | echoed the sentiment.
Itwas like a roller-coaster ride. A slow crawl to the top,

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

witha hard and fast fall approaching. I felt sick. Maybe
we'd made a mistake.

Pelham waved his hand back at us and pointed to
something. "There's a box with a sheet over it back
there. Pull the sheet off and open the box." The other
two seemed hesitant, so I did it. There was a dusty
steamer trunk. I popped the latch.

Guns and books. Two things | wouldn't normally
expect to see together. They looked like shotguns. The
books didn't have titles. They were big and old and
grimy, like books you'd find at the ass-end of a library.

"What the hell?" | asked. The other two came
closer, peering into the trunk. "Guns and books? Are
you nuts?"

"Two great tastes that taste great together," Pelham
yelled over his shoulder. We'd turned down into Myers
Park. Big old-money houses lined the street. Up ahead
I could see a pair of taillights shining through the snow.
There was no one else on the road, only that car. I felt
the van begin to accelerate. "I suggest everyone grab a
gun and brace yourselves."

Panic charged through my veins in the form of
adrenaline. We were coming up fast on the taillights,
and as the car ahead turned down toward Queens
College we cut the corner over someone's lawn. That's
when | saw we were heading toward a limousine. I tried
to brace myself and I heard screaming that I realized
was me.

Tommy shouted something too, just as the van
slammed into the side of the limo. I hit my head and fell
over, and there was the sound of metal grinding metal.
Everything was topsy-turvy for a second. | saw Tommy
on the ground, bleeding, and Sparks was hollering
something angry. Then it was over. Everything wasstill.
The side door slid open and there was Pelham, clapping
his hands.

"Out! Out! Graba gun and get out here!" He jacked
ashell intoa gun, pressed it into my hands, and then was
gone. I stumbled out and felta little dizzy. My front teeth
hurt. I wondered if they were loose.

Sparks jumped out, yelling bloody murder. "What
on God's green Earth do you—"

Pelham looked like he was about to faint. He was
standing, gun raised and pointed at the driver's side door
of the limo. The black car was making a tink-tink-tink
sound from the hood while steam hissed in the air.
Green anti-freeze oozed onto the snow like alien blood.
Eyes wide, Pelham waved us over like some military
sergeant and pointed. The door was swinging open. |
don't know why, but I pulled my gun tight against my
shoulder and pointed it at the limo. I hadn't gone
pheasant hunting in damn near six years, but the gun in
my hands was suddenly comforting.


Curren ONE

[felt like I was about to piss myself. We were in front
of a big, white house. We'd just driven over the lawn!
Lights came on upstairs, one by one. Lights would mean
cops. I turned back to the limo. Some part of me had this
image of that big bald guy getting out, and he could get
me my daughter back, but it wasn't the bald prick at all.
Itwassome thin guy, looked all strung-out, dressed in an
ill-fitting suit. He had a face like a fox, with funny eyes.
A chauffeur's cap sat askew on his head. He grinned a
mouthful of white, white teeth.

"Pelham," he said, chuckling. "Got yourself some
new friends, I see."

"Quiet, Vig. What's in the back of the limo?"
Pelham gestured with the shotgun. The driver just
laughed. This was insane.

"Nothing at all, buddy. Don't worry your pretty
head about it." He wiped some blood from his nose.
Maybe he'd hit it against the steering wheel. Then he
licked his hand. "You know, you're never going to get
Overholt. The Red Schools are everywhere. So are our
children. Why do you even bother? You only get one
ticket for this ride."

Our children, he said. Those words burned in my ears.

I guess they burned Sparks', too. He charged in, gun
raised like a goddamn club. I tried to yell to him, to tell
him "no," but then something happened.

A moment before Sparks reached the car, the man
called Vig didn't look much like a man anymore. His
face and body bulged with fat, bruise-colored cysts and
tumors. One minute they weren't there, the next he was
covered in them. Some busted clean through his suit. I
heard Tommy somewhere, wailing. I felt everything
and nothing at once. Awe, horror, sickness, even this
strange pang of regret that I couldn't understand. Sparks
roared and kept going.

The "thing" ducked down and caught Sparks in
the gut, hurling him backward. I thought about
shooting, but I couldn't move. And then Vig was
right there. He had been yards away, and he had
somehow covered that ground in a moment. He
batted my gun aside, which went off. The next thing
Iknew I was flying through the falling snow, and my
shoulder hit hard on the asphalt. At first | thought I
was dead, but then I realized the air had left my lungs,
and I struggled to get it back

1 looked over at Pelham, who so far wasn't doing
shit — or so I thought. Actually, he had his nose buried
in one of those damn books, and was mouthing words.
The monster — Vig — glanced his way and seemed to
grin through a face full of lumps. He looked like a bull
ready to charge, but then Pelham yelled out something
in Latin, I think, and held out a set of beads. He yelled
one last bit of gibberish, and then it was done.

The thing stopped and cocked its head funny. It
tried to move. Tried to lift its feet, but couldn't. Pelham
kept mumbling things out of the book. Between words,
he looked at me and Sparks with panic in his eyes.

"He's bound!" he said in a tone as if we should have
known. "Shoot him."

Ididn't want to shoot anybody, but | did itanyway
Itwas like watching it happen on TV, only I was doing
it. I picked up the gun, and in my head I saw a clear
picture of Tracy. Funny thing was, not long after she
left I lost sight of her face bit by bit until I couldn't
quite remember what she looked like. But that photo
from earlier cemented it. I remembered now. Golden
hair. Little freckles. Her lower lip was a little funny,
but in a cute way.

I pulled the trigger.

My gun went off and the recoil hammered me.
"Vig" was hit right in its bulging neck. Black goo sprayed
up and he jerked back but stayed standing. I couldn't
fucking believe it. He turned toward me and sneered,
showing me those white teeth even though part of his
lips had been blown clean off his face. Sparks saw it too,
and he was standing now, gun to his shoulder. Pelham
told us to shoot again, and neither of us argued. It kept
standing, flailing in the same spot, screaming. | fired
until the last shell flew out of the chamber. Finally,
Pelham lowered his book and the thing crumpled. Its
body hissed and gurgled. It sounded like air coming out
of a wet tire.

Istood, numb. I didn't know what to think. Couldn't
make heads or tails out of what had happened. I still
can't, really. It got under my skin like a chigger.

Pelham was happy. "Royce, check on the limo. See
how the children are."

Children. I dropped the gun in the snow and ran to
the car. I slammed into it and threw the back door
open. The seat was crammed with kids. Maybe 10 of
them, all looking like they'd been drugged, mouths
slack and eyes wide and unfocused. A ropy string of
saliva hung from a fat kid's jaw. I thought I saw Tracy,
felt my love pour out, but when I turned her toward
me, it wasn't her at all. Just some other blond girl, her
pupils like pencil-points

I started pulling the kids out, one by one. None of
them was Tracy. Still, I whispered to them, told them
they'd be okay, told them everything was fine, that the
bad man was gone. | realized I was rambling, probably
not even making sense. I hugged one, the one who
looked like Tracy. The kids all seemed confused, lost. 1
wanted to find all the people responsible for this.

In the distance, sirens howled.

Tommy was crying by the van. Sparks was at the
tumor body, using his shotgun like a meat tenderizer.

2

5

{WYP UT aaat]aq or
quva 2, UpIP ashf af "Woy INoge UMOUY sdemTE 2,2,
"y8nous poos si sflAep ang ‘saweu Nay souy 3,uOp
J, ‘2A0ap dy ILYM pres wLeYpog , ISX siaIsUOP,,

LDO DVM ON.

"suru sem Way Jo auO paysta asnf "I

a[puey pjnom astjod ays ang "wap Butaeay jo ynoys

ays 2 ¥pIs 3a} pue uasppry aya ae paoueys y snp
[12 wrejdxo 01 paau nox -ayBu st syzedg,, "paysoos |
Surppou ‘pres ay , ‘SHUEY,

out ae dn poyoo] pue wef siy

paqqns weyjag "wioas v dn Sujsino pue ‘em ays jo ano

Aunuo | Surysnd ‘ues ays ur padwinfay way J ‘aursnownty
ay paysund pur Ava undoys at paxzal syredg

-uryp sty sapun Jaueq 49eIq

B Yam pjnod ay se Yonu se pappou ap] ,JwWeYjeg IYs

yep 3,UTYy "URW peop v s,9y smoUy ay 40 WIE|AxO 11,9},
Sujquian oo10a Aw ‘pres | ,‘syedg ays 5,9},

qvoryy Aw parea]9 pue 19809 sdays Maj ¥ 400 | -POo|q
yam Jom pu ep Summa sea peayazoy sty UO Yysed
V ‘paoey-par ‘Sunyeys sem apy JUD]aI3,UpIp spedg
0S YUTYB 3,UOp | ;steq puIyaq
WOY, spr] MOA aavs 01 BuIOS nox jsuams asorp reay
nod ang ‘ep Os Ayony [eos uDDq 24,9,\\,, "YI993 poysua]>
yBnonp pres weyjag ,"Syedg ayy "UMop aINAg,,

SUA LOMLSACL NY SUOLAVS)

«i8hoq Auy axe Jory Oy 194 A\,,
pa] moa syreds , ‘op 01 Burure|dxo au10s 108 94,N0K,,
asef s,uneYjag
sapun dn ungioyps sty paaoys ap ‘aursnowny axp Jo apis
dup asurese uew sup SurmwRs "weyjag Uo sea ay AUP
-pns asnedaq ‘wap! IY? a¥!] 02 Wes 1,UPIP Syredg
.cueA 9yB UI Weg,
sayseai jooyssard Suryony B ayy] spuey sty padde]s
9H .TysNed 193 1,Uvd 9M IN ‘sous 11 UdYM 194
umop dagjse ae skemysry aya MoUy | "8 19729q P,2)\,
-asa1 aise & AyUO sem SIYL "YDRq Spry Mod 193 |],
puy "preaseq aya 108 9 ang,, "passnays 9} "JoA0 Bu
yea ‘pres weypag ,{2q pjnom Aaya pres 1949N,,
"pay]ad ay ,jauTw a,uTe asou.,,
"Buypaoy sem ay wey
Maun | "129 ayp Jo apis ayp payound pue ino y9eq pay
siy paynd ay sae] spuosas maj "shog sty jo soueu.
ayp BulT]e> "opisur paxoo] uoyp ‘spry ay I porer oF
"pury Ut ]]As UNSIoYs parpoojq ‘euisnow] aya oF UeL
9} ‘88]9 exayarowios Udeq peY ay aI] ‘UU sasuas sIY,
01 xeq aWI09 03 pauuaas sysedg "payL09 | , KEIO,
ays a MO},
‘pay]ad wreyjeg "wooe Aney ay] pa]zzis asdi0> ayL
JaqsuoU B Jy aaXd yesoUNy v1 31] Aoy? Udy. "APO OU
uo se8 duunp 03 Aem ayp jo ano wry saow O32 pey wWeY]ag

9%


CHvprer ONE

Part of me didn't believe him. Part of me wanted to
stay ignorant. Another part wanted to run, to kill this
guy or to bow down and thank him. The others seemed
overwhelmed. Tommy sat folded up against the back
door, his arms wrapped around his knees. I couldn't tell
if Sparks was buying it or even listening. He had this
thousand-mile stare.

"I don't know if we're talking Biblical Satan stuff,"
Pelham continued, "or old-fashioned boogie monsters.
What I do know is this: They're devils in action if not
name. They want our children. I don't know why. But
Ido know we can hurt them. They don't think much of
us. We're like..." he paused to think, "bugs. They think
they can just shoo us away. But others have come before
us, written books. I've read some of them. They describe
tricks, like I used back there. At first it all sounds like
bullshit, but when you see what I have, you start to take
itall seriously."

I didn't know what he was talking about, but I
believed. I remembered what | felt when that man
became a monster. I ran the whole gamut of emotions.
Ihated it, loved it, wanted to worship it and destroy it
all at the same time. Even thinking back to it made me
want to puke.

Pelham pulled something out and passed it back.
It was a glossy photo, like a glamour shot you get done
at the mall. Pretty girl. Red hair, done up all curly.
Green eyes.

"My daughter," he said. "Christine. That Overholt
is one of them, but far worse than what you saw today
He's taken what's mine. I want it back." [heard Tommy
gasp as I handed him the photo. Sparks just grunted and
muttered something about his sons.

"Sorry," I said to Pelham. It sounded stupid.

"Overholt runs these things called the Red Schools
I don't know what they want from the kids. I've never
actually been to one. They pop up and disappear all
over the place. I need your help to find him, to find
these places, to get our kids back. You're in it now.

You've seen it. You can't go back toa normal life now.
That's just how it is. The good news is we all made it
and we have a chance to do something about it. So,
what do you say?"

Tommy spoke first, surprising me. Sparks didn't say
anything. [ had a gut reaction and said I wasn't sure.

Honestly, I didn't have to think about it. I don't
know why I said that. Maybe that's what I should have
said — or wanted to say. Pelham gave me a phone
number and said he was going to let the others pack
their bags. That they'd be pulling out of town that night
and I should call when I knew what my answer was.

I drove home. The wife's car was in the driveway
butall the lights were out. She hadn't waited up. [hoped
that she had. That I could tell her everything and that
she'd look at me and convince me not to go, not to do
the family any more harm. But when I went into the
bedroom, I saw her, the comforter wrapped up around
her like a cocoon, and I went back downstairs.

My daughter was out there, somewhere. Without
my wife to tell me different, I convinced myself that |
could fix it all later, that I'd only be gone for a little
while. Then we'd all be together again.

Pelham answered after one ring. He knew I'd call,
he said. They'd come get me.

I decided not to pack anything. I had a credit card I
could run up. Plus, I didn't want to wake the wife.
Marjorie wouldn't understand. She was the practical one,
and what I was doing could hardly be called practical.

The van pulled up in front of the house, and | got
in. Tommy and Sparks were already in the back, Tommy
in the corner staring into space and Sparks running a
cleaning-rod down a barrel. I got into the passenger seat
beside Pelham.

"Be honest," I said. "Am I going to get my daughter
back? She's still alive, isn't she?"

"She's alive," he said. "And you'll get her back.
I promise."

And then we left.


™~ ~ 4


They are to wage the war of Christ their master without
fearing that they sin in killing their enemies or of being lost if they
are themselves killed, since when they give or receive the death
blow, they are guilty of no crime, but all isto their glory

— St. Bernard

BEARERS OF
THE Werp

Dear Rachel,

Evil walked the Earth and only I knew it. Not the
misguided sinfulness of men. Not the tangled ethical
puzzles P'd studied all my life, the complex challenges
that could only be resolved by understanding the finer
points of the Torah. No. True evil. Evil that wanted
what it wanted and would consume anything in its way.

Ishould have gone to Rabbi Brown. I should have
gone to the Rebbe. I wanted to, how I wanted to. But I
could not. I think maybe the Devil did something to
keep me silent. Or maybe not. In truth, I was too

ashamed. I was tainted, unclean, more than any mikvah
could purify. And my presence in the community was
tainting it too, much as if | was a leper. I spent most of
that morning in my room, in prayer. When I went out
at noon, everyone seemed to know I was not right.
Several people said they'd heard I was feeling under the
weather. Others asked why I looked so pale. Coming
down with a cold, I told them. A cold.

What I really wanted to do was run from everyone
who approached me. I felt that whoever touched me
would be touched by evil, as I had been. I felt that had
been bloodied, that I had been marked as a Judas goat
who would end up leading the entire flock to ruin if I
were not careful. For the first time in my life, familiar
faces did not comfort me. Better had I been surrounded
by a thousand strangers.


30

You must understand, scholarship was my life. All
Chassids know, of course that the Torah is all, all is
Torah. But to a scholar, the Torah is truly bread and
wine, breath and life. [could not but look for my answers
there. And I began to tell myself that I could do it. That
I could face down this demon, that it was G-d's will that
1 do so, for the good of the community. It was the only
answer. Why else, | reasoned, would G-d put me in such
aposition if | hadn't the strength to overcome it? It was
my duty asa Jew and asa servant of G-d to stand against
this evil creature who had taken hold of my cousin.

And so] read the old texts, and I made the arrange-
ments as I understood them.

When the hour came, Rabbi Brown and his wife
and children were out, much to my relief. The Rabbi
was leading a study group. Mrs. Brown was taking
soup to a sick neighbor. The children were visiting
with friends. And then he was simply there, in my
room. The door did not open. There was no sound. I
simply felt that I was being watched, and when I
turned he was there.

"Reuben," he said. "I don't enjoy being angry with
you." It sounded almost like an apology. There was
something deflated about him, some aura of fatigue.
Maybe it was in his voice. It was as if he was near
exhaustion. "I'll take the book now," he said, "And I'll
go. You won't see me again."

"Jacob," I said, "Do you know the story of Rabbi
Hanina ben Dosa? An evil spirit once did him a favor.
Later, he came across the same spirit tormenting a
beggar. The spirit asked the Rabbi to remember the
favor he'd done." My voice was shaking. I stopped
talking to swallow.

"All right," Jacob said. "I'll play your game. What
did the Rabbi say?"

"He said ‘Cause no more grief to this son of
Abraham. | stared at the book in my hands and tried to
hold the love of G-d in my mind. I read the psalm in as
strong and clear a voice as I could muster. "He sends
help from the holy place—"

"Stop that," Jacob said. "What are you doing"

I cast the beans onto the floor in front of him, and
then the herbs and salt.

That was the signal. They came from their hiding
places behind the bookshelf. Yitzhak and Moshe Cohen.
The tallest brothers in the community. Both dumb as
posts, G-d forgive me, but quite unshakable in their
faith. | had given them the easiest prayers to say and
though they were my worst students, their Hebrew was
perfect that night.

"What is this?" Jacob said, his voice raised over the
clatter of our incantations. "A magic show? Do you
think this will affect me?"

Savors «xb Destroy ERS

"I won't be afraid of you, dybbuk," I said, hoping it
was nota lie. "The power of the Lord is stronger. You are
subject to Him. Moshe — don't let him leave."

Jacob had made no move toward the door, but he
watched as Moshe took up a position in front of it. His
brother moved opposite Moshe so that Jacob was be-
tween them. They never stopped reciting the prayers I
had written out for them.

"You're annoying me," Jacob said. I kept reading
the prayer, shouting out the names of angel after angel.
Some part of me was growing more confident. Jacob had
not tried to resist us. He even looked worried.

And then Jacob'shands were around Yitzhak's throat.

Things happened quickly. Yitzhak grabbed Jacob
and tried to push him away. Yitzhak had arms like a
circus strongman. Jacob's grip seemed to lighten. Moshe
came behind Jacob and grasped his shoulders to pull
him off his brother.

Jacob seemed to shrug and Moshe was tossed against
the wall, releasing a single, pathetic cry as his head
cracked against the doorframe. Yitzhak looked at his
brother, his face pale with horror, and Jacob flung him
aside as if he was a dishrag.

Then Jacob walked toward me

"That's enough of that," he said. He gestured to-
ward me and the book flew from my hands.

"Reuben, Reuben," he said, shaking his head. "Now
you think you're a zaddik? A miracle worker? You think
you're stronger than me, when G-d himself couldn't
keep me in Hell? Should we banish the rainbow because
the world is sustained by your merit? What miracle will
you work to save yourself?"

I kept reciting the prayer from memory.

"Stop," Jacob said, and my throat dried and my lips
were sealed. "I won'tkill you, Reuben. You won't get off
that easy. Instead, you'll watch those around you die.
Like that boy over there whose brains are staining your
carpet. One of your neighbors each day, until you getme
what I want. And then... and... then..."

He pressed his hands to his head. "
weakened. He fell to the floor.

" His knees

Steam seemed to rise from his skin. Boils appeared
on his face. "Reuben," he called out. "What's happen-
ing to me? I can't—"

The door to my bedroom opened. Rabbi Brown
surveyed the scene: Yitzhak huddled and clutching the
body of his brother, Jacob collapsed in the middle of the
room and convulsing, me leaning against my bed for
support and gasping in terror.

"So," the Rabbi said, "Blessed is the One who gave
us life. Everything is as the Rebbe said it would be."

I fainted, then.


Curren Two

Gentlemen: Greeting in the name of
his honor, his holiness, our master and
teacher, may he live long and happily.

I must ask, speaking in his name, that
you put all current matters aside and
meet with me tomorrow at the Rebbe's
home. Matters important to the health of
our community must be tended to imme-
diately. These matters will place us all in
jeopardy and place great strain on our
faith and trust in G-d.

I must ask, in the name of the Rebbe,
that you not discuss this letter or any

articulars regarding it with anyone. Not
amily nor friends nor advisors. It is hoped
that you will keep this letter and the
circumstances that follow it from anyone,
now and for as long as you shall live.

Please treat this announcement with
the same discretion that I was pleased to
use during your own unfortunate encoun-
ters with certain vices, known to me but,
G-d willing, never to be spoken of as long
as I dwell on this Earth.

Kalman Brown

LinesorSaur

Dear Rachel,

Wherever I travel, they seem to be no more than a
week or two behind me. Never the same faces, but always
the same tired, haunted eyes. I usually spot them in a
crowd, pressing slowly toward me. I can't say who these
people are. I don't know how they keep finding me.

Moshe's funeral was held while I was convalescing.

The next thing I remembered after fainting was
waking in my bed. My room had been cleaned. I spent
that day in bed, feeling weak and feverish, but on the
next | woke clear-headed. I arose shortly after dawn and
dressed. My legs were a bit weak and my voice wavered
as] said my prayers. The whole situation seemed not like
adream, but like a story told about someone else.

Rabbi Brown explained to me how, while I confronted
Jacobinmy room, heandsome helpershad been walkingthe
streets, stringing wire. They had temporarily extended the
eruv, ourcommunity'ssacred boundary, from Bleeker Street
to include the Rabbi's house. "We trapped him inside the
border like a fly in a bottle," he told me. It had been the
Rebbe's plan. The Rebbe had known about Jacoball along.

I walked down Taylor Street feeling like a fool. Of
course, the Rebbe had known. How could he, a zaddik,
not sense the presence of such evil? Ifonly had gone to
him from the start. If only I had not tried to handle
things on my own, Moshe would still be alive. As I

walked to the cemetery, the people I passed on the street
said nothing to me. They watched me pass with expres-
sions I could not decipher. Behind me, I heard whispers.

Before I got to the cemetery, I saw Rabbi Brown
waving to me from across the street. When he ap-
proached, I could not look him in the eye. "Reuben," he
said to me. "I was just looking for you. Come."

As we walked, I found myself prattling uncontrolla-
bly about my guilt. My sins were crowded around me. He
listened patiently, not interrupting, until I had to stop
talking for fear 1 would collapse in grief and exhaustion.

"Reuben," he said, "All sin contains the seed of
repentance. Thisishow the Lord turnsa transgression into
a good deed. Is it not from the misdeeds of the Children of
Israel that the Torah iscomposed? Here weare...." [hadn't
been paying attention to where we'd been going. Now I
realized where we were: an abandoned storefront on 9th
and Market. Until recently it had housed a religious
bookstore. New tenants had not yet moved in.

"Why are we here, Rabbi?"

He produced a key and unlocked the metal grate,
then the front door. "Here is where you will face the
consequences of the choices you made. Here is where
you will do G-d's work, and together in his name we will
free a soul from the evil that has snared it."

He walked briskly, and I followed. We passed
through the empty storefront and went directly to a
back room. There was a narrow door, and beyond it a
staircase. We walked up three flights to the attic, and
the Rabbi unlocked another door. They were waiting
for us inside. There was Rabbi Kornfeld, perhaps the
most respected man in the community after the Rebbe.
There was Hershel Silverman, a teacher and scholar
whose commentaries | had read since I was 12. There
was Rabbi Miller, who I had thought was away helping
to set up our community in West Virginia.

And there was my cousin, Jacob.

They had him in the center of the room, one wrist
handcuffed to the thick oaken chair into which he was
slumped. The room had one big window, covered by a
white sheet, and the daylight made a yellow square on
the floor with Jacob in the center of it. He lookedas thin
as ascarecrow and his lips were pale. | was afraid to meet
his eyes, but he didn't look up. He just stared at the floor.

"Rabbi—"

"Don't be afraid, Reuben. The Rebbe has overseen
everything."

"The Rebbe—"

"Just as the Rebbe instructed, we moved him here,
outside the eruv, so the dybbuk won't be destroyed
before releasing the soul of your cousin. We keep his
body weak so he cannot call forth terrible strength."
The Rabbi kissed the prayer book he held. "We con-

31

32

Saviors «vd Destroyers

sulted the proper texts. He cannot cross the circles." I
hadn't noticed it, but now I saw that a series of concen-
tric circles had been painted on the wooden floor
Between the lines I saw the holy letters: the five heh, the
yod-yod, the 12-letter Name, the wo-letter Name.

"But..." [twas hard for me to grasp what was happen-
ing here. "But is this... I mean, what will the people say?"

"No one can know of this, Reuben," he said
gravely. "We must carry what happens here to our
graves." He waited for me to speak, and when I did not,
he added, "These are the old ways. Men of faith follow
higher laws than the edicts of the temporal world. Do
you understand?"

"Do you—do you mean you have done this before?"

The Rabbi shook his head. "No, Reuben. But our
grandfathers, our great-grandfathers, all those who came
before us, they knew what to do. The Rebbe has
trieved their words and instructed us. There is nothing
to fear."

lexpected that I would be asked to stand with them
and read prayers. But my task was a lesser one, befitting
my inexperience and station. I would watch over Jacob
in between the rituals. | would attend to his physical
needs. I would feed him the paltry rations of water and
bread that had been prescribed by the Rebbe to keep the
demon weak. I would empty the bucket they had pro-
vided for his elimination. I would clean up after him
when he vomited. I would make sure he did not attempt
to end his — that is Jacob's — life.

I welcomed the lowly and demeaning nature of
these tasks.

That first afternoon I was in the attic, the prayers
went on for six hours. The men stood at the four
points of the compass with Jacob in the center. One
man would chant aloud while the others swayed back
and forth in silence. They switched off every five
minutes or so. I stood in a corner of the room,
watching, praying along if the chants were familiar
ones. Many were not

Two hours went by before Jacob spoke

"Rabbi Brown," he said. His voice was like sandpa-
per, and weak as a bird's. At times I could barely hear
him. "Rabbi Brown," he said. "You're pronouncing
those words wrong."

"And in the name of Uriel and Raphael and
Michael," Rabbi Brown chanted. "And in the name of
Gabriel and Zauriel, and Zephon and Immiel.

"Your accent is terrible. That's not how we spoke
when we first bore the 10 sefirot into the darkne

"The Lord of hosts, the Lord of the winds, the Lord
of the waters commands you. He who make the stars in
thesky, the Creator of the mountains and the oceans..."


Cuvprer TWo

"Atyour Creator's behest, we set the sefirot into the
foundation of reality like paving stones in cement,
Rabbi. Wouldn't you like to master all 32 paths? I can
show you how."

"Say your name and station, speak your true name
and that of your host and your rank, we command you.
Identify yourself, we command you, in the name of
Metatron and Orphiel..."

"It's easy, Rabbi. As easy as crossing the street. Years
and years of study and meditation have brought you
nothing. How frustrating. But I can get you to the very
crown of creation. You deserve it, Rabbi. You've led a
righteous life. Why not peel back a little corner of the
world and see what's behind it? Why not cross from
olamot to neshamot?"

Rabbi Brown broke offhis chant. "Sheddai, Shemira,
Shemurah," he whispered. Then he nodded briskly at
Rabbi Kornfeld, who continued the incantation.

When they were finished, the four men carried
Jacob's chair over toa narrow cot that sat under the eaves
of the roof. Jacob was limp as a rag, and his eyes were
closed. They unlocked his handcuffs and laid him on the
cot, then locked one ankle to the side. He didn't move.

"Stay with him," Rabbi Brown said to me. "He may
have what's left of the bread and water on the table
there, but no more. We will return at dawn. Most likely
he will sleep till then. Ifhe wakes, do not engage him in
conversation. If he becomes agitated, come and get me.
Spend what time you can in prayer." I promised that I
would not fail him. "Don't fail yourself," he replied,
smiling sadly.

At first the thought of being alone with Jacob
terrified me. I thought of what I had seen, that night in
his apartment, and I prayed fervently. I pulled the chair
near to the cot. Night had fallen. An overhead bulb
threw a circle of light that filled most of the room with
dim radiance. When I looked at Jacob, some of my fear
withdrew. He looked fragile and vulnerable. His lips
were cracked and flaked. His skin was yellow, almost
jaundiced, and dark circles ringed his eyes. He moaned
softly in his sleep. When I could take it no longer, I took
the pitcher of water from the table and moistened my
handkerchief. I held the cloth to his lips.

A minute later I looked up to find him staring at me.
His eyes were open but narrowed, and very bloodshot.

"Reuben," he whispered. I said nothing.

"Reuben," he said again. "I lied to you."

I stared at him in confusion. | almost told him to
keepsilent. Buthe seemed to read the puzzlementon my
face, and went on as if I'd asked him what he meant.
"There was no body in that trunk, Reuben. Just a wig
and some carefully positioned soup cans." He coughed
and I wondered if he was trying to laugh. "There was no

murder, Rueben. There wasn't even a roommate. It was
all an act."

I could keep silent no longer. "You're a liar," I
shouted, oblivious to the irony. "You're trying to con-
fuse me."

"Tam a liar," he answered. "I just said I was. Come
on, think about it. How could you keep a decomposing
corpse ina wooden footlocker without the whole build-
ing smelling like an abattoir? Have you ever smelled
rotting flesh? The Holyland stinks of it these days."

"Is that Jacob speaking?" I asked. "Or the 2
one? I know what you are."

He was silent fora minute. Then he said, "I'm sorry."

"L'm not talking to you anymore."

"I'm sorry," he said again. "That's hard for you to
believe. But I am sorry. I only did what I had to do. I
know how that sounds. I — may I have some water?"

Ihanded a glass to him, but his hands were shaking
too much for him to hold it. So I held it to his lips as he
drank. When he finished, his voice sounded stronger.

"They told you not to speak with me."

I didn't answer.

"Of course. But they didn't say I couldn't speak,
right? I've been locked in this room for three days,
Reuben. And in that time none of your elders would
listen toanything I had to say. And now you're here, the
one I've wronged the most. Surely it wouldn't be im-
proper for me to take this opportunity to speak my piece
to you? To try and apologize for what I've done? You
wouldn't want to stand in the way of a sinner trying to
make amends, would you? That in itself would be asin."

I said nothing, but I could not help but follow his
logic. I turned my chair a bit so I could not see his face.

"('m very weak, Reuben. This body hasn't been fed
for days. I can't last much longer."

In spite of myself, I wanted to question that state-
ment. Who couldn't last longer? Jacob — or the thing
inside him?

"Hell is not what you think it is," he said, his voice
dropping toa barely audible whisper. "It never is. Forget
lakes of fire. Forget kabbalah. Forget that sefirot non-
sense [ was taunting Rabbi Brown with. Hell is being
alone. Hell is nothing."

I heard him shifting on the cot. It creaked as if he
was trying to sit up but couldn't. "Hell," he said, "is
nothing. Or to put it another way, it's what's left when
everything else is taken away. Heat. Cold. Light. Dark-
ness. Space. Time. Void. You can't describe it in terms.
of any of that. We had nothing there. Nothing but
ourselves. I can't decide if that was G-d's only kindness
to us or His worst punishment. All we had was each
other. Imagine being bathed in someone else's misery,
or hatred or anguish or despair. After a while you can't

cursed

3

3

34

tell the difference between your own suffering and
everyone else'

He's making it all up, I told myself. 1 wanted to
think of himas a man with delusions, my cousin injured
in the war. A hypnotist, maybe, who had temporarily
convinced me that his delusions were true.

"When I was — when Jacob was at University, the
students used to make this running joke. Why is there
so much back-stabbing and politics among the faculty?
Because the stakes are so low. That's how it was.
Trapped there with nothing, we made bargains and
coalitions among each other as if we commanded king-
doms. The strong dominated the weak, the weak
connived against the strong. Alliances were formed and
broken and restored, and for what? To convince us that
we weren't the impotent and forgotten prisoners we
knew ourselves to be."

How long until dawn? I wore no watch. There was no
clock in the room. I wondered ifIshouldgo get Rabbi Brown.

"And I," he continued, "I was within the lowest
cadre you can imagine. My duties had been humble
before, and now I was less than a footstool for superior
powers. And so I thought I'd remain until one day.
Well, there were no days, of course."

Jacob broke off the narrative into a series of coughs.
I turned to watch him. His whole body shook with each
spasm. When he was done, he said weakly, "Reuben, is
there more bread?" There was not. I shook my head to
indicate it. He shook his head as if echoing me, and then,
stared flatly at the ceiling. He said nothing for a half-
hour or so. Then he spoke again, his voice weak but
steady, as if he'd never stopped talking.

"The day came when something changed. Change,
after so much timelessness. My... my master ushered me
toa place where the nothingness had... narrowed. As if
there was something pressing against all sides, coming
together. My master was of too great a magnitude to pass
into this corridor of almost-something. Buthe bade me to
enter it and see if, as all indications suggested, it led to a
place where the borders of Hell frayed into the real world.

"Anticipation, excitement, even hope — it had
been so long since I'd felt these things I could scarcely
remember their names. I had locked away all memories
of the earthly paradise, but here before me wasa possible
doorway into that lost kingdom. Harmony. Light. Cre-
ated matter shimmering with the love of its creator.
Were these things possible again?

"So I groveled, I pleaded, I begged not to be sent
into this unknown venture. I knew this was the best way
to insure that I would be. The principalities flung me
into the anti-pit, commanding that | explore its furthest
reaches and report back. And I pledged absolute obedi-
ence knowing full well that, even if] found myself in an

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

unceasing labyrinth, I would stay there to wait out
eternity rather than return."

"| moved with all the speed I could muster. I pushed
onward. | tried to fill my mind with visions of the world
Thad left, of the dawn of creation and the splendor of the
garden. And yet nothing changed. The stench of ha-
tred, the pressing choke of fear, the echoing malice that
filled the air like wasps, all the familiar torments of Hell
were as near as ever.

"And then I realized I wasn't in Hell at all.

"I was in the physical universe again.

"I had been for some time."

After that, Jacob did not speak forthe rest of the night.

Broken Bonps

Over the next several weeks, we talked about how
to banish a demon. I'd like to say that we were an
efficient fighting force, ready to tackle the forces of
darkness. The truth is we, with the exception of Lou,
had no fighting experience.

Though I owned a gun, I had never fired it. Heck,
I'd never even thrown a punch at someone. That
quickly changed. Bruce bought me a membership at a
firing range, and | had to promise to practice once a
day. At our weekly gatherings, Lou tried to teach me
all the dirty tricks he'd learned in a lifetime of fighting
on the street.

Still, I had to wonder what I was getting into. We
weren't fighting another street gang. We were fighting
demons. Monsters older than time itself. How could we
hope to win?

Lou always disagreed with me. "Look atus," he once
told me. "We're proof that they can be beaten. My
demon is dead." Then he grabbed me by the T-shirt and
said, "Your demon better be dead, too." He gave me a
cold stare fora few seconds, then started to laugh. When
my fear started to fade, I nervously joined in.

"Just joking." He said. "Just a test."

A test. That was one way of putting it. The truth is,
we could never really tell who was truly free of our
masters. Bruce claimed that his demon gave him a
crucifix that would allow him to detect lies. A crucifix
that only he could use. It was our faith in his ability to
use the crucifix that kept us together. If he was wrong,
then any of us could be a traitor. I didn't like to think
about that.

Beth and Lou seemed to trust Bruce because he
started the group. Bruce had worked as an accountant
before. His access to the financial records of several
companies must have made him a valuable asset. His
experience with demons seemed to strengthen his reli-
gious convictions. Hence the nickname, "Reverend."


Carrer TWO

And so we come to the question of demons.
Much has been written on the subject, but little of it
is the truth. And when but a sliver of the truth is
known, better it had not been brought to light, for to
see a few threads of a rug can deceive one into
thinking one knows the whole design, when had
one seen nothing, one would not presume to have
any such knowledge.

In the Zohar, one reads of the three types of
demons who can be described thusly:

First, the Uncompleted Ones. These beings
were created by G-d on the sixth day and, like the
angels, given much intelligence and power. But the
Sabbath did fall before the Lord completed their
forms, and so they were left without bodies or
shapes. Of what their role in creation would be,
none can say. For they looked upon Man and grew
jealous of him, resentful of Man's pleasing form.
They wanted to give up their unseen bodies and
walk among men. And G-d heard their jealousy and
cursed them to remain unfinished for all eternity.
The Uncompleted Ones fear G-d and are subject to
Him. Some act in His service by punishing the
wicked or unrighteous. Those who walk in G-d's
ways need not fear them, unless they earn their
wrath by mistreating the holy books, practicing
witchcraft or otherwise provoking the spirits, for
"demons torment only people who annoy them,"
according to Rabbi Judah he-Hasid. Some Uncom-
pleted Ones walk among men and take the form of
men, and as such may be married in the Jewish
fashion and may subject themselves to the laws of
Moses. Among the Uncompleted Ones, the king is
Ashmedai, called Asmodeus, who ascends to
Heaven to study Torah and is said to have once
outwitted Solomon himself.

Second are the children of Lilith, she who was
made before Eve and exiled from Eden. Her chil-
dren number themselves among the enemies of
mankind and are ever out to ensnare and harm the
children of G-d. Beautiful to the eye are the daugh-
ters of Lilith, and always seeking to lay with the sons
of Adam and so perpetuate their numbers.

Third, there are the Others, those who dwell in
Sitra Akhra. For all things were created by G-d and
blessed by Him, save for Sitra Akhra, which is
forsaken by G-d and knows not His beneficence.
The demons who dwell there have no regard for the
Lord or His children and care for nothing but the
spread of their own perverted evil.

E.B.N.

Commentary:

Rabbi N__,, may the Lord preserve him al-
ways, never fails to illuminate the wonders of creation
and surely pleases G-d with his exercise of the

great intellectual gifts he has received. But | must
humbly correct his thinking in a few minor ways on
the subject of demons and devils.

First, that there are but two classifications into
which we may fit the multitudes of demons. First, the
Invisible Ones, whom Rabbi N__ calls Uncom-
pleted. These creatures are so numerous that, were
they made visible, they would be seen tofill the airand
cover the land. It is through the grace of G-d that they
remain unseen and unfelt. Each has his own task and
burden assigned by G-d. These invisible creatures
are subjectto the Lord and bear mankind neither ill will
nor beneficence, existing only to perform their func-
tion in the universe, to scourge man toward a closer
rapport with the Creator. They may take ona seeming
ofaman oranimalin this, butthey do not marry norlive
as men as Rabbi N___ has mistakenly believed, no
doubt due to a poor translation of the text of the Book
of Brilliance. The Invisible Ones, if treated fairly, will
not turn their wrath upon G-d's children. 1

Second, there are the shedim, the children of
the four mothers: Lilith, Naaman, Agrah and
Mahalath. The shedim dwell in the wilderness. 2. At
night they roam the world, seeking harm to those
they come across, and teaching the arts of sorcery
and witchcraft to those foolish enough to consort
with them. The shedim seek to prey upon those
weak of mind, plying them with gold and silver,
sending them dreams that mix truth and falsehood.
Accept from the shedim neither meat nor drink,
neither shelter nor succor, nor meet their glance nor
hear their words lest they bear you away. 3

1. Young Rabbi L___is to be praised for his
enthusiasm but | must pray to the Lord that he
himself never encounters one of the Uncompleted.
For not only may they walk and live as men, but they
carry all of men's weaknesses and faults. As with
men, to treat one fairly is no guarantee that one will
be treated in the same fashion. Better to live righ-
teously and follow G-d's commandments, for they
fear to harm one beloved by G-d. — E.B.N.

2. RabbilL____ seems to have forgotten the
Scriptures, which clearly state that there are de-
mons cast into the Pit by the Lord. Or does he
contend that the gates of Hell are not closed, and
none are imprisoned there? Clearly, as the Zohar
tells us, there must be legions of devils who wander
neither the Earth nor the sky, but that wait in chains
for the day of judgment. — E.B.N.

3. lam notas gifted at mathematics as Rabbi
L___, and cannot explain how one might have four
mothers. However, his warnings about the children
of Lilith are well taken. Best never to travel by night,
for they choose always darkness over the light of
the sun. — E.B.N.


36

He claimed that his master had been trying to find
salvation. It tured against its kind and joined others
that supposedly wanted to save humanity from destruc-

Bruce never revealed the details, but hinted thathis
demon was killed. When Bruce found himself free, he
vowed to continue his former master's war. After some
research, he discovered Beth and Lou, others who'd lost
their leaders.

Lou claimed that he'd fought alongside his demon
Once he'd gotten past the fantastic aspect of the whole
thing, it was nothing more tohim than a big gang war. Only
now the ganghe was fighting for was the entire human race

He insisted that demons could be killed, and that
he'd helped kill a couple

"You just have to inflict enough damage," he said.
"Once the body is gone, the spirit is sucked back into
Hell." Sometimes he'd go out of his way to mention the
stash of pipe bombs he kept in the theater.

It seemed too simple. Taking down a de-
mon with bullets or explosives?
Ss He just shook his head and

Y) srinned whenever I said that

"Just you wait," he said

aw "Just you wait."
|

Saviors ANd Destroy ers

Bethseemed to firmly believe that there were "good
demons." She claimed that she'd witnessed firsthand
how her master had tried to help the sick and the poor.
It wasn't like he was trying to buy his way back to
Heaven, she said. He, if you can call a demon a he, truly
loved humanity. I guess he never forgot his first com-
mandment. He believed that God was no longer
watching humanity, and that it was his duty as a former
angel to help the children of Adam and Eve.

When her demon died, Beth lost more than her
protector, she lost her family. All those hours away from
home had strained her marriage. After the demon's
death, she must have understood the danger she put
them in.

So, she left them. She started to cry when she told
me. She couldn't stand the thought of one of them
following her home and killing her family. It wasn't
abandonment, but an act of love. Anact that she hoped
her daughter would understand someday

Which brings me to Jay and I. We were different
from the others. Jay and I had been the thralls of a
monster, pure and simple — the same one. From the
way Beth and Lou talked to us, it was obvious they didn't
fully trust us, Bruce's approval notwithstanding. Isome-
times wondered if Lou agreed to work with me just to
keep an eye on me


Cuaprer TWO

For his part, Jay made it a point to say that he hated
all demons. Maybe he believed that, but I suspected it
was his way of proving his loyalty to the group. How
could he be a traitor when he was the most militant
member? Still, | couldn't help but notice Beth's glare
whenever Jay went on a rant.

As for me, I was the new kid. I wasn't gung-ho like
Jay. I was too quiet. Lou always told me I needed to say
more or else they'd think I was plotting against them.
He was only half-kidding. I think Lou wanted to believe
in me, but he had to be careful.

Listening to the others talk, it seemed unbelievable
that the monsters could still act like the angels they
once were. I guess it was possible. Only a year ago, I
didn't believe that demons walked the Earth. How we
I supposed to know which ones were good and which
were truly evil? I'd already made one wrong choice. So,
I put my faith in the group as a whole to lead me to the
right ones. At the time, I believed my salvation lay in
seeking out the worst monsters I could find, and to
destroy them any way I could.

My chance at salvation came sooner than I ex-
pected. About two months after my initiation, we
gathered for our weekly meeting. This time we went
back to the abandoned theater.

Bruce lit the lantern and motioned for us to gather
ina circle.

"We should hold hands," he said

Lou grabbed mine tightly. I held Jay's hand. Beth
reluctantly grabbed Jay's, too.

"Let us pray," Bruce said solemnly. He bowed his
head. This time, we nodded our heads in unison,

"Heavenly Father, we who have sinned pray for
your forgiveness. We pray that our actions in the com-
ing weeks will purge us of our corruption and prove us
worthy of your infinite forgiveness. In your name we
pray. Amen."

"Amen," we replied, again in unison.

Bruce raised his head as we released hands. "Paul,
Jay said that you used to spend a lot of time with Jill."

I nodded, feeling strangely ashamed. "Uh... yeah."

Bruce smiled slightly, noticing my discomfort.
"No need to feel bad. We understand. Did you ever go
to her home?"

"Yes." I replied. "She lived in Nichols Hills with her
husband."

"How familiar are you with her home?"

Too familiar. "I know where she kept her personal
papers, if that's what you're asking."

Bruce chuckled. "You're catching on." He looked
toward Beth. "After doing some research and reviewing
Beth's notes, I've come to the conclusion that Jill
Wilson had an interest in Cherokee culture. Now,

know she bought some statues dated after the Civil
War." He looked toward Beth. "From the notes yousent
me, that's what your demon, Constantine, discovered."

Beth nodded.

Inodded, too, though I had to wonder where he was
getting his information. "She used to wear a necklace
that could have been Cherokee," | said. "I'm not really
an expert, but it seemed very old."

"Now that | think about it," Jay added, "she sent me
to Tulsa to pick up a package. Tulsa used to be a part of
the Cherokee Nation."

"But what does that have to do with her home?"
Lou asked.

Bruce turned. "Well, if her personal papers are still
there, we might be able to determine what she was
looking for."

"Maybe she just had an interest in Native Ameri-
can art," Beth said. "Would that be so hard to believe?"

"Maybe," Bruce replied. He paused. "Maybe she
was looking for an artifact or something powerful.
Something that she was killed for."

"If she was killed for it," Lou interjected, "how do
we know that her killers didn't already look there?"

Bruce shrugged. "We don't, unless we take a look."
He turned toward me. "Do you still have a key?"

My heart sank. "No. I never had a key."

Bruce glanced at Lou. "Then we'll have to break in."

Lou rolled his eyes. "I can break in, but we're talking
about Nichols Hills. The cops would arrest me just for
being there."

"We'll have Beth scout the area. When it's clear,
she can call us."

"Us?" Beth said. "No offense, but do we all need to
be there? ] mean—"

I raised my hand.

"Yes?" Beth asked, obviously perturbed.

"I know where she kept an extra key outside."

Beth tilted her head. "Why didn't you say so?"

"I'm saying it now," | protested. My heart began to
beat faster. What was | doing? I was about to take part in
acrime. Even when I'd served Jill, I never broke the law.

"Looks like you get a chance to prove yourself,
then," Jay said.

Beth glared at me, then turned back to Bruce. "OK,
we shouldn't all be in the house. Maybe two or three.
Any more and it's impossible to sneak in."

"Are we sure her husband didn't move out?" I
asked quietly

They looked at me for a second.

"Icalled the place yesterday and he answered," Bruce
finally said. "Paul, Lou and I should go. Paul can get usin,
and Lou can handle any problems that come up."


38

"I can give you license plates for the car," Lou said
to Beth. "It should throw off any eyewitnesses."

"Do we do it tonight?" I asked.

Bruceshookhishead. "We'll doiton Friday." He looked
at me. "Doesn't her husband go out to the bars then?"

I shrugged. "He did when I would come over. I don't
know if he still does."

"If not, you can call him and say you have some-
thing of Jill's. Tell him he should meet you some place
faraway. When he leaves, it should give us enough time
to check out the house."

Isighed. "I guess."

"Hey, you're not getting cold feet, are you?" Lou
asked, putting a hand on my shoulder. The gesture
wasn't meant to be reassuring. "It's a bit late for that."

Actually, it was worse than that. I was about to
become a criminal. What if Trent was in the house?
What if Lou had to hurt him, or worse? I'd be an accessory
to murder. Was this how I hoped to redeem myself?

"No. This is just different for me."

Lou pulled me closer for a second, then let me
go. "You'll get over it. Just think of all the people
you'll be saving."

"T guess."

"I still don't see why we can't do this tonight,"
Beth snapped.

"Why the hurry?" Jay asked.

"Because if we wait any longer," she said, "too many
things could go wrong. Especially with someone new."
She looked at me. "Nothing personal."

Itseemed like an odd thing to say. Was going to be
any less experienced or more confident in two days?
Then it became clear what she really meant.

"What are you implying?" Jay asked. He stood up.
"Are you saying that Paul and I are going to run to the
nearest demon and tell him what we're planning?"

"I'm just saying—"

"This is from a woman who believes in good de-
mons," Jay interrupted.

Bruce stood up. "That's enough!" he yelled. "We
don'tneed this." He turned to me. "Paul, will you betray
us to anyone or tell anyone of our plans?"

I glared at Beth for a few seconds. She stared back,
unmoved by my look. Finally, I turned back to Bruce.
Think of the people I'll be saving, I told myself. "No, I
won't betray the group."

Bruce touched his crucifix, then gestured to Beth.
"He's telling the truth."

"That's well and good but—"

"Even if he's under someone's control, it would see
through it."

Saviors AND Destroyers

Beth darted her eyes toward me. "I guess."

We went over the final plans and discussed other
business. Bruce later announced that I needed to buy
ammunition. Everyone chipped in. It would be my first
"shopping trip," so no one expected any problems from
the cops. They tried to spread out the duties because it
might raise suspicions if one person constantly bought
lots of bullets.

God help us, we sounded more like terrorists than
saviors of mankind.

CrossiNa THE LINE,

The next two days flew by. My boss said I was doing
better, but noticed that I looked tired. He suggested that
I get more sleep. As if I had time to sleep.

Buying the ammunition wasn't a problem. You
can never accuse Oklahoma City of having too few
gun stores.

I was glad it was summer. | didn't want to imagine
how my grades would have suffered. My parents called
and wondered what | was up to. I lied and said I was
bored. How could | tell them the truth? They nagged me
abit, and invited me to visit them in Moore. I wondered
if | would ever see them again.

Friday night finally arrived. The sky, stained brown
the last two days by a Texas dust storm, was now a
brilliant red as the sun set. A grimy wind blew across my
face, and I cursed as I waited for my ride. I was standing
near an empty playground. No kids in this neighbor-
hood played outside at night.

Before long, a car pulled up next to me. Beth was
driving, and I could see the others in the back seat.

Jay opened the back door. I shrugged out of my
heavy backpack and climbed inside.

"Did you get the ammo?" Lou asked as we drove off.

"Yeah," | said, pulling the boxes out of my backpack.

"Put them under the seat," Lou said. "I don't want
any cops looking in."

I started to put them away.

"Any problems?" Lou asked.

"No. Guy even asked if 1 wanted to be on his
email list."

"You didn't—"

"Of course not."

We didn't really say much as we drove toward
Nichols Hills. 1 knew the plan. Get the key, let the
others in, get Jill's papers, then get out. My stomach
knotted up as I thought about what we were about todo.
Itwasn't really stealing. She was dead, and the informa-
tion would help us. Still, this was going against everything
I'd been taught. It was funny how | could be worried
about sin at a time like that, when I'd willingly served
an agent of Satan not long before.


Civprer TWO

Every few blocks, it seemed like we would pass a
church. How could one city have so many churches?
Even some of the businesses had biblical quotes promi-
nently displayed. Maybe it was some kind of sign from
God. I couldn't tell.

Before I started to lose my nerve completely, we
reached Nichols Hills, the suburb of Oklahoma City's
elite. It's against the law to park a pickup truck on the
street in front of the multimillion-dollar mansions. My
mother used to call ita snobby place. I just thought they
were obsessed with appearances. It seemed that no one
but us knew about the thing that used to hide there.

Beth looked up from her directions. "It should be
right about here."

To my right, I saw the familiar house, dark except
for the outdoor lights. I pointed to the house. "That's it
over there." I took a deep breath. Now there really was
no turning back.

"Lou and Bruce can go to the porch. It's covered,
and should hide you. I'll get the key. Since I've been
here before, the neighbors shouldn't be too suspicious."

Bruce looked to Lou.

"Sounds like a plan," Lou replied.

Beth parked the car next to the curb.

"Give us 15 minutes," Lou told her. "Then meet us
at that intersection up ahead."

"Just do it," [told myself. Do it for the good of everyone.

Bruce opened his door. "Let's go."

I opened my door and stepped out. We all walked
casually toward Jill's former home, each of us carrying a
backpack. "We're acting like we're supposed to be
here," I thought. "You need to act like that, too." So I
quickly caught up to them, then walked at their pace
toward the house. I remember when I used to sneak over
to her place; her house seemed so inviting. Now it
looked like a jagged, yellow, two-story monster. I only
hoped that without Jill, it was just an empty shell.

Ibroke away from the others and walked toward the
flowerbed. | wanted to say something, but Lou mo-
tioned me to be quiet. I approached the rocks, looking
for the fourth one from the walkway. Silently, | prayed
to God. "Please let the key still be here. Please don't let
Trenthave found it. Please don't letanything go wrong."

Whispering an Amen, I knelt down and lifted the
rock. A glimmer of light caught my eye. I reached for it.
Itwas the key. Dirtier than 1 remembered, butstill there.
Before I could breathe a sigh of relief, the porch light lit
up, bathing the front yard in a harsh white glare. |
looked up and saw Lou and Bruce standing perfectly
still. I ran up to the porch. If Trent was there, maybe I
could make up a story. When I reached the front door,
there was no sign of anyone. The interior of the house
was still dark.

"Automatic light," Lou whispered.
Taking a deep breath to calm down, | raised the key
to the lock.

"Gloves!" Lou whispered loudly.

Ipanicked forasecond. How could | forget? Quickly,
I slipped on some latex gloves.

I slowly unlocked the door. After the lock clicked,
Icarefully opened the door and went in. It was the same
old hallway, even in the dark. Nothing had changed.
For a sickening moment, I expected to see Jill gliding
down the front stairs. Worst of all was the regret I felt
when I remembered that she was gone.

I nodded to Bruce and Lou, and we entered. After
I closed the door, Bruce turned on his flashlight. The
flashlight lens was covered with a red filter to reduce the
glare and lessen the chance of someone seeing us.

"This way," I said as I walked toward the stairs. As
we started up, I noted that the burglar alarm was turned
off. It struck me as odd, but Jill had often told me how
forgetful Trent could be.

We crept up and made our way to Jill's study. I was
amazed at how little the place had changed. I opened
the door and held as the others went in.

Lou slipped across the room. By the time I reached
him to lend him a little light, he'd already sprung the
lock on Jill's desk and was going through the neat stacks
of papers in the topmost drawer.

We started scouring through her files, stuffing all of
her papers into our backpacks. Bills, junk mail, any-
thing. We didn't have time to be selective.

I remembered how I used to be impressed by her
study. It seemed so formal and scholarly. Now | felt like
a vandal.

We'd been there for 10 minutes, maybe 15, when
we heard a noise. It sounded like it came from the back
of the house. We paused, not daring to breathe as we
listened for signs of movement.

Bruce pointed at Lou. "Check it out."

Lou pulled out his gun and started toward the door.

Bruce looked at me. "Back him up. I'll work on
the desk."

My heart lurched, but I reached into my pack and
pulled my gun, too. My hand shook. I didn't want to kill
anyone, but I'd do what needed to be done.

Lou and I slipped back to the stairwell. He mo-
tioned for me to go toward the TV room. I nodded and
followed him down the steps. We split up as | went
ahead. The room was almost pitch-black, but I remem-
bered the layout. Slowly, I felt my way around, hoping
not to crash into anything.

Suddenly there was a staccato rattle of loud pops.
Ilet out an involuntary gasp, only to realize, too late,

40

that I'd stepped on a sheet of bubble wrap spread just
inside the doorway. The lights came on, blinding me
for a second.

"Hello, Paul." It was Trent.

He stood in front of me, holding a pistol. | almost
didn't recognize him. He was well dressed, as usual, but
there was a healthy glow to his skin that I'd never seen
before. He looked far better for Jill's loss than I would
have expected.

"What's with the gun, Paul?" he asked with a smile.
"Were you going to kill me?"

1 lowered it. "No," I replied, my nervousness show-
ing. "I thought you might have been a burglar.

Trent chuckled. "I thought the same thing — but
then, this is my house. What are you doing here?"

I forced myself to smile. "I wanted to return Jill's
spare key."

"You could have dropped it off in the mailbox."

"Yeah," I replied. "But you said I was always wel-
come here. I wanted to wait for you." I paused. "I wanted
to talk to you about Jill. —"

"Save it." Trent snapped as he put both hands on his
gun. He walked toward me, away from the entrance to the
downstairs study. "I want to talk to you about Jill. | want
to talk to you about all those times you claimed you were
just friends. That there was nothing between you."

A chill ran down my spine.

"That was a lie, wasn't it?"

My voice cracked. "Trent, you've got to un-
derstand—"

"Just tell me."

I blushed. "Yes. There was more between us. I don't
know how to explain—"

"I think you would be surprised at what I'm willing to
believe." He pointed the gun at my head. "Yousee, | used to
believe her illusions and lies. I used to think that everything
was perfect. She made me think that, you know."

"{ know," I said. "Pll try—"

"Don't try!" Trent yelled. "There's no need for you
to explain anything, because I can see through it all
now. "He laughed, sounding a bit hysterical. "I can hear
the lies. I know what she was, and I know what you are."
He took a step closer.

I started to tremble. "What do you think | am?"

Hetookaim. "You'reamonster. A monstershe created."

Ishook my head. "Not anymore. She drew me in. I
couldn't resist her."

"You had a choice, but you made the wrong one."

"{ know. I know that now. But you have to listen to
me. I'm trying to make up for what I did."

"Tell that to God," Trent said.

Saviors AND DEstROvERS

"Leave him alone," came Jay's voice from the hallway.
Surprised, Trent turned and fired at Jay quickly, but
missed, shattering the glass frame of an Indian painting.
Iraised my gun, but Trent had already returned his aim
to me. I dropped my gun. He started to move back
toward the study.

"Very clever. The angel told me not to kill an
unarmed man."

My jaw dropped. "Dear God, Trent you didn't—"

In that moment, Lou jumped out of the hallway and
grabbed Trent, putting a knife to his throat.

"Drop the gun or I'll cut you open," Lou demanded.

Trent dropped his gun. Lou started to drag him
away from the study. Jay ran from the hallway toward us.

"We've got to get out of here!" Jay cried as I picked
up my gun.

Lou nodded. "Now buddy, we don't want to hurt
you. We just borrowed some papers—"

"We've got to go now!" Jay said.

A wind suddenly blew through the TV room. Jay
retreated away from the kitchen. Lou jerked his head
back and suddenly fell to the ground, hit from behind as
if by nothing.

‘THe Pacror THe EXe ma

I turned around. From the kitchen emerged a tall,
almost impossibly thin man. Then I saw his inhumanly
large, bird-like eyes. I knew he wasn't human. Trent ran
toward the figure. I realized that the air was flowing
around the creature:

"Tell me who you are, and who you work for," the
being commanded, his words like cold iron.

I pointed my gun, struggling to hide my fear.

The demon stared at us. "Who is your master? Tell
me now."

"We have no master," I said, my voice cracking

"And were not looking for a new one," Lou added.
He stood up. "We know your secret."

"Which is?" the demon said wryly.

"That you motherfuckers bleed just like us!"

The monster glided toward us as if it was drifting
ona breeze. "And I can kill you with a word. Don't
tempt me.

Lou pointed his gun at Trent. "Let'
you are with one less bitch."

The wind returned again, thistime gainingin strength.

The demon started to speak when Jay charged at
it, swinging a hunting knife. It glanced at Jay and
said something unintelligible. Jay gasped for air and
fell to his knees. Before he hit the ground, his face
turned pale, almost white. He curled up into a ball,
moaning in pain.

ee how tough


Civprer TWO

Lou took the first shot at the demon. I quickly
followed. One of our shots punctured its thin torso.
Blood trickled from the hole.

Withag!
a bookshelf flying toward us. I batted away the books as
they rained on me like hail. After they flew by me, I
turned to raise my gun again. Something punched me in
the face. I could feel my nose snap before the pain reached
my brain. | staggered backward as the blood flowed.

nce, the demon sent the entire contents of

"Tell me who sent you, or your friend dies," the
demon hissed. Despite the bullet hole, the creature
sounded merely inconvenienced. Somehow that fright-
ened me more than any display of rage.

"Buck you!" Lou yelled. He fired another shotat the
demon, punching a second hole in the monster

"{ don't want to kill you, but

Suddenly the lights went out. Even the streetlights
had gone out. For a moment, no one moved. I fumbled
for my backpack, hoping to find my flashlight

Before I could, something smashed through the
room's bay window. I could make outa black form about
nine feet long, leaping toward the demon. The house
shook as it landed on its prey, only to be flung against a
wall by a blast of air

Lou shined his flashlight on the creature. My jaw
dropped in horror. It was covered in matted black fur,
some of it caked in blood. Its face was a nightmarish mix
of human, lion and hyena. Its red eyes reflected the light

"Get out!" it growled, The beast then jumped at the
demon again, both of them smashing through the door
frame into the kitchen,

"Let's go!" Lou yelled.

"What about Jay?" I asked.

"Drag him out."

Following Lou's light, I ran to Jay and grabbed his
arm. His skin was hot. Lou grabbed his other arm and we
started to pull him down the hallway

Behind us, I could hear a storm raging, ripping the
house apart. The demons screamed at each other in a
language I didn't understand. The air crackled with the
sound, and glass shattered throughout the house. And
I'd threatened one of them with a gun?

I saw Bruce dashing down the stairwell, looking
terrified and confused.

"No time. Just go!" I yelled.

He opened up the door for us. Outside, a crowd of
people stood in the driveway, some in robes, staring at
the house and us.

Maybe it was the adrenaline or maybe I was too
tertified to worry, but I spoke up.

"Someone call the police!" I yelled as we dragged
Jay down the stairs.


42

"What happened?" a man in his 40s asked as we
reached the front lawn.

"Trent needs—" I started to say.

Before I could finish, one of the demons exploded
through the roof as if it had been shot froma cannon. As
the debris settled, it recovered and unfurled large, owl-
like wings. Gracefully, it drifted toward the ground,
landing like a feather only a few yards from us. The
crowd stared in awe. An elderly couple dropped to their
knees and started praying. We kept running.

Suddenly the other one plunged through the wall,
sending pieces of brick and wood flying. It pounced
toward the first. The spectators screamed and ran.

We reached the intersection where Beth waited.

"My God?" she exclaimed.

I jumped in and pulled Jay in after me. Bruce got
into the front seat.

"Move it!" ordered Bruce.

Lou barely got in as Beth peeled out. We could hear
the battle raging behind us as we sped from the neigh-
bothood.

"What happened?" Beth asked. "Jay said he saw
something and just took off."

We were too stunned to answer. Nobody talked for
aminute. Then I felt Jay's forehead as he lay across Lou
and me.

"He needs a doctor," I finally said.

"{ know one," Lou said. "He owes me."

I leaned my head back against the seat. "I think I
need one, too."

"He'll look at you, too. Don't worry."

Don't worry? We'd just faced our first one and lost.
If it hadn't been for another demon, we'd be dead.
Worry? I have plenty to worry about.

I closed my eyes as exhaustion set in. Beneath the
traffic, I swore I could hear Jill calling to me. I opened
my eyes, but outside the car was only darkne:

FRIENDS aND
NEIGHBORS

Pelham told us he had this "thing" to check on,
that he'd call us when he was ready. Meanwhile, we
were trapped together in a grungy hotel room just
outside of Trenton, NJ. It was like being in a cage.
Every night, | had dreams. In them I saw the Devil, and
he wore many faces. Sometimes he was the driver.
Other times I saw Overholt. A few times it was even
this cartoon Satan figure with a tail and pitchfork, but
it wasn't any less scary. Every morning, I woke up,
sweating despite the cold, and I'd decide to leave. But

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

Inever did. I just paced. Or ran down to the gas s
around the corner. Or shook.

It was amazing we didn't tear each other's heads off.
We came close. Sparks and Tommy went at it a few
times. It never came to blows, but neither one seemed
to want to back down. Sparks would bring up the whole
business with the monster, and how Tommy just sat on
his hands and cried like a baby with a shitty diaper.
Tommy didn't have much to say, but he called Sparks
names — Cro-Magnon, Neanderthal, ape-man. Nei-
ther one was being fair to the other.

I came to like and hate both of them. I learned
about them, too. Tommy was fresh from Rhode Island.
He'd come down south to manage a computer store,
moved with his wife and baby girl — a three-year-old
named Lisa. Apparently he saw Overholt take the girl,
and his wife wasn't the same afterward. Just a broken
woman, living with her mother, not talking or eating. I
got the impression he was doing it more for her than for
his daughter.

Sparks, on the other hand, was in it for his kids. I got
the impression he didn't like his wife much. Tommy
intimated to me that he thought Sparks might even be
the type to hit his old lady, but I didn't get that
impression. Whatever the case, he wanted his kids
back. They were his stars, his celebrities. They could run
fast, catch footballs, get the ladies — and in that way, I
guess Sparks could do all those things, too. So when
they disappeared, it was time to play hero.

We were ready to give up. We were hardly eating.
Sleep was a memory of a different time. All the while,
there was that unspoken thought like a ghost in the
room — monsters are real. And they had our children.
And we were weak and stupid and powerless.

Two weeks passed before the call came. When the
phone rang, we all about pissed ourselves. | answered
and waited to hear a devil on the other end give me a
death sentence, but it was Pelham.

PoLLowina THE TRAIL

A Yankee winter, I decided, was a bitter bitch.
Everything was gray and slushy, and everywhere you
looked you saw these grimy icicles dripping like poi-
soned knives. I hated it, hated myself for being there.

Pelham pulled up to the motel. He had a new car,
it seemed, no more Airborne van. Now he had a shit-
brown Oldsmobile Cutlass 88. Boxy and ugly, it would
take us to our deaths or to our children. We piled in.

He passed out manila folders to us again, like
some sergeant handing out orders. Inside were black-
and-white photographs. A heavy man in a
button-down shirt — no tie, just suspenders. Tufts of
hair above the ears that supported wire-rim glasses.
He was standing beside a podium, talking to some


men in suits. Scrawled at the top in permanent
marker was a name: "Oliver Betts."

Pelhamstarted in. Betts wasa politician in Pennsyl-
vania, a fat-cat getting rich from taxing the middleclass
while letting the bigger boys and their bigger wallets go
free, provided they made "donations." Betts was crooked,
but not broken. Didn't have a criminal record, wasn't
known for cavorting with prostitutes or smoking crack,
and actually made some efforts to reform local educa-
tion. None of that was unique. The fact that he was on
some monster's leash was.

"What the hell are you talking about? You mean.
some people would actually help those things?" I asked.

Pelham just laughed. "Sure, why not? They have
power. Influence. Why not ride their coattails and
see where it takes you? Betts is one of them. Small-
time politician; he'll never be president. But he gets
anice cut."

"So what's this have to do with us?" Tommy asked.
Looking over at him, I saw that his eyes were gleaming.
Something had changed about the kid. | couldn't quite
say what.

"Betts funds the schools," Pelham said. "And
we're not talking paste-and-crayons schools. The
Red Schools. Overholt's little project. Betts puts
money in, gets influence, power and votes out of the
deal. On the surface, he looks like a friend to the
family, keeping kids educated. But scratch the paint
and you see the corruption underneath. This maggot
helps torture kids, not teach them. I bet he can lead
us to the top dog."

Sparks gritted his teeth. "That's what these Red
Schools do? They torture our kids? What the fuck for?
What do they want?"

Pelham shrugged. He turned onto a bridge that
crossed into Pennsylvania, and suddenly we were in the
land of antique shops and restaurants — some touristy
little shopping district. "I don't know exactly what the
Red Schools are about. I only know there's a lot of
money there, and that they kidnap kids. Ourkids. There
are at least seven of them — the schools, I mean.
Bankrolled across the country by pricks like Oliver
Betts. You boys don't mind paying him a visit, do you?"

Tommy was the first to speak up. "Hell, no. I don't
even think we should bother knocking."

"Good," Pelham said. "I like that. Betts has a house
about 15 minutes from here. I've heard that his wife and
three kids are up in the mountains, doing some skiing.
He should be alone. He's probably got files or records to
helpus get toone of the actual schools. Ifnot, we'll make
him tell us."

The words went through my head —wife, three kids.
Some small voice spoke up. "He's nota monster. He has

a family, like you." But I shoved that thought deep
down. That kind of talk wasn't going to do anybody any
good. Especially not Tracy. If Mother Theresa could tell
me where my daughter was, I'd do whatever to took to
her to find out

At least that's what I told myself.

CRIMEAND PUNISHMENT

Betts was outside salting the icy cobblestone walk-
way that lead up to his big-ass house. Again, that voice
piped up and asked me, "How do I feel about a man
who's willing to get his hands dirty with a chore like
that? Doesn't look like much ofa fat-cat politician, does
he?" I ignored it again.

The house was practically out in the middle of
nowhere. We'd taken a winding, slippery road up and
down some hills before finally turning down a long
driveway lined with pine trees. It was quiet — no traffic,
no sounds, only a few birds chirping.

When we got out of the car, Betts looked at us
curiously. We were probably a ragtag sight. I hadn't
showered in three days, but he just smiled.

"Need directions?" he asked, and set down his bag
of rock salt.

"Yeah," Pelham said, and as soon as Betts got close,
Pelham belted the old man right in the mouth. He
staggered back, blood flowing from a split lip, staining
his teeth. He didn't yell out, didn't call for help. Maybe
he knew it wouldn't do any good. Maybe he knew his
time had come.

Tommy was on the guy like flies on shit. He kicked
Betts and the old man went down like asack of potatoes.
Slush sprayed up. He kept kicking. In the kidneys, in the
gut. His face was twisted, and I wondered ifhe was doing
itto make up for what he hadn't done back in Charlotte.
Something had broken inside him, I figured. And I
didn't much trust it.

"Get him inside," Pelham said, pointing to both
Sparks and Tommy. They started to drag Betts away,
who kicked, and mumbled through his bloodied lips.
Then Pelham looked at me. "Will, you're a big guy. I
want you to do the workover."

"What?"

"You know. Hit him. Bruise him, but don't break
him. He'll be squealing like a pig with you doing the
work, don't you think?"

I couldn't believe it. My heart hammered in my
chest and my mouth felt like dry cotton. Torture. That's
what we were doing here. And he wanted me to do it?
Watching was one thing, letting someone else do the
dirty work, but with my own hands? I could make meat
out of that old man, I knew it, and so did Pelham. But
I didn't want to. I said as much.

4

3

You're not going to do it?" Pelham said, narrow-
ing his eyes like he didn't understand. "What about
your daughter?"

"What about my daughter?"

He rolled his eyes. "Oh, nothing, Will. 'm only
talking kidnapping, abuse, probably rape while they're at
it. Do you think these schools have nap-time? They steal
children. And that cocksucker puts money toward it! We're
talking fucking babies! Don't you want to see him hurt?"

Ina way, I did. I pictured the things I could do. He
wouldn't have a tooth left in his head if | worked him
over, I knew that. And once the anger started, it
wouldn't be content to go calmly back down. But then
there wasa part of me that doubted itall. The man had
a wife and kids of his own. He salted his own walkway
omething didn't strike me as right about it all.

"I can't," I said. "Maybe if you showed me proof

"Proof? There isn't time for proof. Christ. I thought
you'dbe into this. Fine. I'Illet the othersdo the work. You
wait out here. But if we get the information, you have to
decide if you want to be a part of this or not. I can't have
people who're afraid to do what needs to be done, you
hear me? Tommy's in the game. I thought you were, too."

"C'mon Pelham—" | started, but he was already
storming off. He went inside and slammed the door
behind him. I guess I wasn't welcome.

Saviors wvb Destroyers

CONFESSIONS

They came out about an hour later. I stood outside,
pacing most of the time, wishing I had a cigarette. I
hadn't smoked since I was a kid, but standing out there
in the cold, I could've used one.

When the door opened, the first thing Pelham did
was hand me a stack of money. A big stack. Hundreds
and 20s, it looked like. I saw the other two already had
piles in their hands, and both were counting it

" Lasked.

"Money," Pelham said like I was an idiot. "Bettshad
asafe in the wall. Along with everything else he told us,
it wasn't hard to get a combination out of him."

They started walking to the Old
of them an held up my hands.
now? And what happened to the politician?"

Sparks just stepped past me, staring at the marshy
snow off to the side of the driveway. "Tommy, uh, cut
him up a bit, and then—"

"[ slit his throat," Tommy said. It wasn't quite pride
in his voice, but it was something damn near. A cousin,
maybe. Like he had up and done something I couldn't
even get near, and he enjoy
Sparks looked like a wounded dog. Maybe he started to
realize that he was along for the ride
and he wasn't in control. Pelham

"What the hell is this

I stepped in front
hoa, we're thieves

ed rubbing my nose in it


Civerer Two.

just stood there next to the car, licking his thumb and
counting his money. The stack of bills felt heavy in my
hand. Then I saw it. Blood on the edge of the top bill.
Betts' blood.

Pelham grunted. Part of me hated the guy. It wanted
to take my fists to him for leading me into this nightmare.

"Royce," he said, "I know this isn't how you pic-
tured it. We got information. On the schools. One in
Detroit. One in Massachusetts. We'll check both out,
but in the meantime, we need money. There's no
paycheck, you got that? We don't even have steady
addresses. So, when we take downa rich prick like Betts,
and there's a chance to put some gas in the car and
maybe pay for an emergency-room visit, so be it. It isn't
for the money — but we do need it."

"Allright, then," I muttered. The son of a bitch had
a point. If one of us got hurt, what then? How were we
going to pay for craphole motel rooms night after night?
Nothing was free, but we sure as hell looked like
freeloaders. Ticks on a dog's back. Still, there was that
itty-bitty voice in the back of my head telling me there
was something wrong, something I didn't quite under-
stand yet, something... | shoved it back down again and
defiantly told the group, "Let's get moving, huh?" I
knew it would come to bear eventually. The sword over
my head would drop one of these days. I just hoped I had
my daughter back when it did.

It had been too long before we really had anything
else to go on or work with. Three long months of eating
when you had to, not when you wanted to. Damn near
90 days of sleeping in motel rooms, in people's living
rooms, of not brushing your teeth even when you were
worried your breath could knock a housefly out of the
air. Nobody laughed. Nobody told jokes. To get a smile
out of any of us, you would've had to shoot us, wait for
tigor mortis to set in, then mold a goddamn grin on our
faces. So many unspoken threats. Devils knocking
down your door. Bad dreams that you can't wake from.
Cops picking us up. A judge and jury putting us in
prison. We were criminals, after all. That thought alone
made my heart pound.

I'd never been to Detroit, and I'll never go again. It
was a festering sore on the lip of the country. They said
there were nice parts, but we sure as hell didn't see them.
We crawled like maggots up into the underbelly of the
city, where we talked to some real shitbag. The first
heroin dealer I'd ever met. That was fun. He was some
emaciated white guy with skin so pale I was surprised you
couldn't see the shit in his veins. Pelham said the guy —
Artie—knew things, and wasa lookout for Overholt. He
kept his eyes out for kids who could "get lost" easily,
potential "students" for the Red Schools I kept hearing
about. Pelham wanted information, and we got it

Artie didn't need any torturing. All it took was a
little green to get him talking. His allegiances were to
the U.S. economy, it seemed, not to Overholt. In some
back-alley that smelled like a dead dog, the dealer told
us that he didn't know what the Red Schools were
about, but that there had been one in Detroit. It had
moved. They always move, he said. Overholt wanted
kids who could get lost easy, and didn't mind if they
were stoned to the gills. Apparently it made them more
"pliable." I got angry at that. Were they shooting that
shit into my little girl?

"So yeah," Artie said, "I don't mind telling you
about that. I have interests elsewhere. There's some-
one else playing, you know? Someone as big as
Overholt. Someone just like him, if you know what
I'm saying. A drug lord in fucking Burma, starting an
army and a big trade in horse. I'm on his team. I don't
owe Overholt nothing."

Pelham said that was fine, and thanked him for the
information. We left the alley, and when we did, he told
me to go back in and kill him. I said I didn't understand.

"He may not be on Overholt's team," Pelham said,
"but he's still on the wrong side. A demon's a demon,
Royce." Then he reminded me of my daughter, but to be
honest, he didn't have to. I saw a hundred different
versions of her face in my head — battered, bruised,
drugged-out, screaming, smiling, crying, eyes torn out,
eyes torn open, eyes sewn shut. With every face, I felt
my gorge rising. Tommy started to speak up, to tell
Pelham that he'd handle it, but in the middle of him
talking] went back into the alley. When Artie asked me
what else I needed, I put my hands around his scrawny
little neck and strangled him. I left his body in a trash
heap. For a second, | felt better, but it didn't stop me
from seeing my daughter that way.

Iheard someone behind me and whirled. It was just
Pelham. He smiled and shook my hand like I'd just
completed some frat initiation. Then he checked Artie's
pockets, got our bribe money along with some other
cash, and we moved on.

MISTAKES

Isaw more of the country after that, butnot a whole
lot of it registered. | mostly felt numb, and that sort of
translated over to my eyes, too. What I saw, whether it
was the Poconos or the stinking swamps of Georgia, just
passed before me. It was just oil on water. It didn't stick,
didn't blend.

We talked to more and more "associates" of the Red
School. A banker in Framingham. An accountant in
Albany. A school teacher in Milwaukee, and a male
prostitute in Gary. All people who, according to Pelham,
fed off the monsters — either Overholt directly or
somebody who dealt with him. And when I say we


"talked" to them, it's a relative term. We talked with
fists and threats and blood. The only one who escaped
was the school teacher, who puta steak knife in Sparks'
hand before getting away through a patio door. It was a
shame, too, because she was one of the worst. She played
at being a nice, sweet lady. But she was a front. She
scoped out kids for the school. She even helped them
along a bit. Helped steal them from families and friends
and a normal life into... well, whatever it was that the
Red Schools "offered." She told us a lot, too. Said the
schools were growing, that there were more and more of
them. That we couldn't make a difference. All the
children gave Overholt power — they believed in him.
Anda select few could be made to be like him. As I said,
shame that one got away.

It was agony, never knowing, never finding just
what we needed. Every time we thought we knew where
a school was, it was locked up tight. Or burned down.
Every boarded-up window furthered my desperation to
get Tracy back. It made it easier to hurt people, too.
That disturbed me.

Sparks became more and more withdrawn, and I
talked to him about it one night in a motel parking lot.
He said he knew we were damned, that we'd gone too
far. But the weird thing was, he said he didn't really care.
It was a heavy price to pay, but he'd pay if it got him his
kids back. He'd take any bullet to see their faces again.

Tommy, on the other hand, came out of his shell
more and more. He seemed to not know how to deal
with me. Was it admiration for what I was willing to do
now? Or was it jealousy that Pelham asked me to take
care of the really important stuff? Back in that van,
which felt like so long ago, Tommy failed a crucial test.
He knew it, too. It was like a secret that we all knew but
kept quiet for fear of embarrassing him.

I suppose Pelham liked me for whatever reason. He
always pulled me aside to tell me things, for "chats" as
he called them. He taught me what he knew about the
demons, because he said one of these days we'd fight
another one — not one of their money-men or slave-
catchers — but another God-forsaken creature like that
limo driver. Or even Overholt himself. He told me that
there were books. With information, rituals, names.
Old books, like from the Middle Ages and stuff. He said
he could pass some of them along to me and I could help
him, but I told him no. I was too angry, too dumb to
figure that stuff out. The part where I shot Vig? That was
the part understood. The anger. Not the library books.

But our fearless leader seemed intent on teaching
me—orat least showing off how much he knew, which
didn't seem like much at all. But screw it. I'd be his ears
if that's what he wanted. And I'd be his hands, and his
gun. I'd be his nuclear bomb if had to. Anything to get
Tracy back. Anything.

Saviors 4Np Destroyers,

During those months, there was a lot of time to
think. A lot of questions needed to be asked, and
somewhere there were concrete answers. Where were
the Red Schools? What were they doing with our
children? Who were these monsters, really?

But there was always one question that could never
have a hard-and-fast answer. Why am I doing this? That
question sat in my brain on repeat. I had lost everything.
My wife was gone. I could never go back to society and
be asane or simple man. I had even foregone my status
asa regular citizen. I wasa criminal now, because human
law didn't figure in the existence of monsters. But told
myself that we were doing the right thing. I didn't
concern myself with God or Hell or any other mumbo-
jumbo. I let Pelham handle that. What we were doing
was the right thing. The moral thing. Justice, I guess.
Every time | thought about going up against another
one of those things, wondered if could go through with
it. It was easy to fake the bravado, to be all, "Yeah, I'm
gonna kick his ass a new hole," but when it came down
to it, I suspected it wouldn't be so simple. It would be
horrifying, and probably the last thing I would ever do.
But I told myself, as long as I got to see Tracy one more
time, it'd be okay.

Thad flashes of my old life —a life that, in the actual
measure of time, wasn't that long ago. By my calcula-
tion, ithadn't been more than six months, but it felt like
a lifetime. More than that, it was like I was looking back
on who | was as if he were an entirely different person,
aghost stalking the halls of my own head. Occasionally,
the ghost spoke up, asked me to call home and see what
Marjorie was cooking for dinner, but knew that couldn't
happen. She was lost to me just like everything else.
One day I'd have it back, I thought, one day I'd marry
my old self and my new self together, and then we'd
have areal goddamn party. Tracy would be there. It'd be
acelebration.

Expor THe Roap

We were in a Wal-Mart in Dayton when it hap-
pened. We were just getting supplies, ammunition
mostly, because Pelham assured us that we were close.
We had a lead ona Red School that had just opened up
in Chicago, and we were going to hit it like a hammer.

Sparks and Tommy were arguing over what to buy,
and don't think either one of them knew what the hell
they were talking about. | had no idea where Pelham
was, so I decided to wander off. I needed a new pair of
shoes. The soles were peeling like old band-aids off the
bottoms of mine, and since we had a little extra money
from the accountant...

Icouldn't find the shoe section. It didn't seem to be
with the clothes or the socks, but then I caught a
glimpse of a display with shoe polish, so I figured that


Cuvprer Two

had to be it. On the way, I passed a shelf of lamps, then
candleholders, then picture frames. I kept walking, but
something struck me as funny, though I didn't know
what — and not ha-ha funny, either. I backpedaled and
scanned the shelf with the picture frames on it.

Then I saw it — Pelham's daughter was in a few of
the frames. I was sure it was her. It was awful strange at
first. Why would Pelham's daughter be in the frames?
Was she a professional model or something? And it was
the same picture he had, too—

Then I realized. Jesus, that wasn't his daughter at
all. It was just the picture that came with the frame.
Or his fucking wallet. My mind went over it and over
it like your tongue on a bad tooth. Pelham didn't
even have a daughter. I felt angry and confused and
wanted to walk out and away from it all, but then [
decided I wanted to find him. So I looked. I went row
after row, past pillows and shower curtains and DVDs
until I found him.

He was in the toy department. He had a pack of
plastic water guns in his hand, the cheap kind you get,
three-for-a-buck. He saw me coming and looked up.

"Will," he said. "What're your thoughts on holy
water? You think if we get some priest to bless the stuff
that these could squirt it and hurt the bastards? I mean,
I know it sounds a little silly, but—"

I grabbed him and twisted his arm around his back
and marched him to the end of the aisle. Then I shoved
his face against a Monopoly box, crushing it.

"You don't have a daughter," I growled. "You
snowed us, didn't you, you shithead? That picture
came with the wallet!"

"Royce, get the hell off of me—" he started, and
struggled to escape, but I'ma big boy. I drove a jackham-
mer punch to his kidney, which put him to his knees.

"God! That hurts!"

"Good," | said, towering over him. "You better start
talking, Colin, or I swear I'll scatter your teeth all over
the floor. And don't lie. Tell it straight."

"OK, it's like this, Will," he said, panting. "You're
right. No daughter. Caught me red-handed on that one.
I'm after Overholt not because I had a child taken, but

because he screwed me over. I was an investor. I didn't
know in what, I swear. I gave him a lot of mon
of it to start up a business. You know, venture capital
shit. I was always up fora risk, you know? Takes money
to make money."

T reached down and wrapped my hands around his
neck, like I did Artie's. "Did you know what he was? Did
you know about the children?"

Gurgling, Pelham said, "I didn't know jack about the
kids. But I knew what Overholt was. That was part of it.
I just... gave him the money. He showed off to me,
showed me his, uh, his real self] guess you'd say. And was
sold. Atleast, | thought so." I let go of his neck when I saw
his face turn purple. "But ] wasbought instead. Lock, stock
and barrel. He cleaned me out, Will. Every penny. My
house had a for-sale sign on the lawn and I didn't put it
there. Every asset I had, drained. I started the Red
Schools and I didn't even know it. I gave him the start-up
and I didn't have anything. I'm trying to fix that mistake."

"Selfish prick," I said. "I'm out. Game over. | oughta
kill you right here, but I won't. I'm going to tell the
others, then I'm walking."

"Wait," he said, standing up and putting his hands
out. "The Red Schools are real, Will. They have your
daughter. It's not a joke. I can get us there. I'm sorry |
lied, but the game's still on. I'm still committed to this.
Together we can do it. You don't have to like me, but 1
know you wanther back, don't you? Stay with me. We'll
make this happen. Don't tell the others. They wouldn't
understand. Are you in? Tell me you're in."

My eyesnarrowed. "We're not the first group, are w

He swallowed. "No. No, you're the third. The rest—

"Shut up," I growled. The whole thing made me
dizzy. How many had come before? I wanted to die. I
wanted to kill this man, but he knew too much. What
were our chances if Pelham was dead? My head worked
overtime. Tracy. Demons. Red Schools. My hands
clenched hard enough to get blood from diamonds.
"They died, but we won't. We're going to see this
through, do you understand? I won't tell the others. But
if] learn that you're holding anything else back, I swear,
PIL kill you."



Let us go down to hell while we live, that we may not
have to go down to hell when we die.
— St. Augustine

BEARERS OF
7HE Worp

Dear Rachel,

There was no one I could talk to about my doubts.
I stayed in my room most of the time. I could not walk
the streets and meet the faces of my neighbors. To see
them going about their ordinary, daily business. They
were like mice unaware that there was a hungry preda-
tor being kept in their midst. | even began to resent
them. Why should they be permitted to live clean and
simple lives while I had touched corruption and been
forever stained?

The next time I saw Jacob it was the middle of the
afternoon. Rabbi Brown had bid me to wait outside the
door while they finished the latest round of prayers. In
a few minutes, the door opened and the four men
walked out. "He's weakening," Rabbi Kornfeld said to
Hershel Silverman. "I don't know," Silverman an-
swered. "I think we should call a doctor..."

Rabbi Kornfeld put a hand on Silverman's shoul-
der. "We will not."

"J don't think I want to be part of this anymore."

"But you are part of it. You are one of us, and if you
walk away, you walk away from the community and the
Rebbe. Is that what you want?" He smiled weakly. "I will
notbring your dissent to the attention of Rabbi Brown...

50

this time. He would not look kindly on it. And you
know what cards he holds over us all."

When they saw me listening, they broke off
their conversation, glaring at me as if I was a goy in
the Temple.

I spend the first hour straightening up the room. I
moved the old furniture into orderly rows and swept up
the breadcrumbs, bits of paper and clumps of dust. At
some point, Jacob began speaking to me from his cot, his
voice heavy with fatigue.

"Lt was easy to confuse this world for Hell," he said.
"The smell of blood and pain was much like the abstract
waves of anger and disgust I had known for so long.
Minds crying in pain and fear, the air thick with death,
oblivion and terror.

"I was on a battlefield. Slaughter was the order of
the day. The earthly paradise was gone. What was left
was not all that different from the world of shells."

I turned my back as Jacob spoke, and bent over to
try and wipe up a strange stain on the floor. "In 10 times
ten thousand years of imprisonment," Jacob whispered,
"[ had not wept, I had not prayed. But when I realized
I was standing on soil, I shook with tears and begged G-
do take this unbearable suffering from me.

"And I was answered, but not by the Creator. As I
stood among the dead and dying, with barely more
physicality than a stray thought, I felt a shadow fall over
me. A voice spoke, and though its words were soft, its
tone was one of malice and contempt. ‘You give into
despair too easily, brother,' it said. A kind of dark
whirlpool spun in the air before me and the voice
seemed to come from within. ‘I think what you need is
achange of scenery.' And I felt myself taken hold of and
flung through space."

"You've eaten your bread for the day," I said to
Jacob. "I can't give you any more, sodon'task." I wanted
to tell him to stop talking. But his voice wasso weak and
pathetic. It would be like cursing at an invalid. What
was the harm in letting him speak? When his story was
over, perhaps I could try to reason with him.

"When I came to my senses, | realized that I was —
different. | was folded up like a newspaper. [still feel that
way; parts of me are bent and compressed and inacces-
sible. My vision was clouded, my hearing muffled. And
the memories, they came flooding in. A man named
Jacob, his life spilled into my mind, everything happen-
ing in reverse. His last memory, the warmth of his own
blood flowing down the side of his head. Panic and
despair as the dying bodies of his comrades fell on top of
him. Terror and pain. Thunder, nails and shrapnel
tearing into his legs and chest. Gunfire in the distance.
An old woman screaming curses at him. A bombed
refugee camp, skeletal in the twilight.

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

"By the time they came for me, pulling corpses off
my body before realizing I was still alive, I was paralyzed
by memory and traumatized by sensation. It took weeks:
for my sense of self to return.

"And when it did, something was waiting for me.

"One night, I awoke to find him crouched at the
foot of my bed. The other patients in the ward
moaned softly. The air smelled of antiseptic and
piss. He spoke to me. I started to remember him from
the old days. I couldn't recall how long it had been
since I'd last seen him. He was far above me. Appar-
ently, he had absented himself from Hell long ago.
How, I don't know. But he had power over me,
absolute authority according to rules a thousand
times more imperative than the laws of physics. My
freedom was over. | had exchanged servitude in Hell
for slavery on Earth.

"How petty and insignificant my new master's
schemes seemed to me, Reuben. Yet | could not but
obey. And so I found myself arranging for Jacob's
convalescence in America, where | could take posses-
sion of a certain ancient book housed within a
community of religious literalists, only to find myself
unable to set foot on their consecrated ground. Imagine
my frustration, my anger, at being incapable of complet-
ing such a simple, demeaning task."

Jacob fell silent. I heard footsteps outside the door.
The rabbis were returning.

That night, | lay in bed thinking about what Jacob
had said. My memory, so well trained over the years, let
me replay every word. I came to realize that his prepos-
terous horror story was having the opposite effect from
what he intended. I was beginning to see that there was
no demon. Just a poor, delusional young man whose
mind had snapped under the terrible pressure of war.
That had to be the case.

But, | argued with myself, what about the evidence
of my own senses? What about the terrifying vision I
had? Surely that was a warning from G-d, a glimpse of
Jacob's true nature?

Was it? Or was it a delusion of my own, brought on
by stress and fear? The Chassidim are not a backward
people. Does it befit a trained scholar to believe in such
things, in this day and age? Do such superstitions honor
the great traditions and wisdom of our people?

I wrestled with these doubts all night, like Jacob —
the biblical Jacob — and the angel. The last delibera-
tions | had before sinking into sleep were about the
Rebbe. I could not hope to be right if my conclusions
were opposed to his. But was not the Rebbe very ill?
What if Rabbi Brown had misinterpreted his advice? Or
what if... what if Rabbi Brown had never spoken to the
Rebbe at all?


Ciaprer THREE

If these thoughts gave me disturbing dreams, | __ the colorseemed to have drained from his body. Hisskin
don't recall. looked like wax that would melt away at any moment.
Benno THe Mask He was too weak to raise his head.

Dear Rachel, "Reuben," he gasped at me, "I don't have much

time. I need to wa Pve told you everything s
When I saw Jacob on that last day, I was shocked. [#me,_ nEFE £O War Yous | ve toe yon yee ee
He had been getting steadily weaker, but this time all

...and so it is that G-d has not left you at
their mercy. For these are the tools given you
to rebuke the demon.

1. Prayers. For as it is written in the
Likkutei Etzoth ha-Shelem, "The main weap-
ons of a Jeware his prayers. All his battles he
wins through prayers." The sound of devout
prayer is anathema to the ears of Samael
and all his false deceivers. Pray in a loud
tone of voice, pray with concentration, and
let the evil spirit tremble.

2. The Name of the Lord: The Kaballah
teaches that the minions of Satan are subject
to the Name of the Lord. None may so much
as touch the union of the letters Yud and Yud,
nor break that which is sealed by the five
Heh, or the 12-letter name, or the 22-letter
name, or the Holy 72-triad name, which
should never be spoken except by the most
pure lest he be killed. 1.

3. The Names of the Angels: The 10
ranks of angelic powers are sovereign over all
creatures below them and must be obeyed.
Let the evil-doing spirit be commanded in the
names of G-d's angels to depart. Forget not,
in the litany of the good angels, the seraph
Kemuel and the seven archangels. 2.

4. The Name of the Enemy. One may
force out the enemy without extreme struggle
simply by compelling it to name itself and its
purpose. In doing so, the spirit heightens the
division between it and the soul to which it
has become attached. Once revealed, the
sprit will in time lose its grasp and leave of its
own accord. Be certain, once the demon has
fled, to instruct its victim on his duty to find
and fulfill the task for which G-d has placed
him on the Earth. It is failure to live an
engaged life and pursue one's responsibility
to G-d that creates an emptiness in one's
soul to which the negative entities of the
spiritual realm are attracted. 3.

5. The Fruits of the Earth: Scripture
tells us that demons cannot tolerate smoke,

you'd maybe understand what you're up against."

particularly that of burning hyssop or ce-
dar, nor the plants themselves, nor their
seeds, nor bread, nor salt.

Footnotes:

1. The importance of names, letters
and numbers is well known in Jewish mys-
ticism. The multiple significances of the
letters of the Hebrew alphabet allow for an
extremely complex system of numerology.
Ultimately, the writing of letters and num-
bers is a stand-in for God's act of creation,
since by writing one in a sense causes
something new to spring into being out of
nothing. Demons, representing the destruc-
tive aspects of the universe, would naturally
be repelled by such acts. — Marla Redner.

2. It's curious that many of the oldest
lists of angelic and demonic names over-
lap, with the same name or variations
thereof appearing on both lists. In some of
the oldest sources, the very roles of angels
and demons seem to blur. Demons are
sometimes sent on tasks by God and fulfill
them obediently; angels sometimes act as
obstacles that a pious man must over-
come. Clearly, in the minds of the faithful of
previous centuries, the distinction between
the two was not as well defined as it is
today. — M.R.

3. This last bit of advice resonates
curiously with modern psychology. Theidea
of being "unfulfilled" or not knowing one's
purpose in life, and as a result succumbing
to darker impulses, is a theme often ex-
plored in today's entertainment media. The
desire to find one's place in the world is not
as new a concept as we might wantto think.
It's no wonder that the confused, the des-
perate and the lost are vulnerable to
possession by dark forces, supernatural or
otherwise. — M.R.

From: An Annotated Guide to Jewish
Demonologyby Marla Redner, PhD, Nephilim
Press, 1990.


‘SAVORS AND DESTROYERS

"What I'm up against?" My own voice sounded
alien to me.

"The book I was sent to retrieve. In it is a single
word, one that creatures older than time would do
anything to possess."

"{ don't understand."

"A name, Reuben. A name. The name ofa... ofone
ofmy kind. Those who know the name know how to use
it, can command the power ofa fallen angel. My master
wanted that name to use against his rival."

"But he didn't get it."

"No." His chest began to quiver and I realized
he was laughing. "If irony is the proof of G-d's
existence," he rasped, "I became a believer today.
Because your Rabbi Brown entered the room this
morning carrying the very book I sought. He read
from it for hours. And just before sunset the name
ed his lips. I knew it as soon as I heard it. I
could feel its power. There it was, hidden in some
fragment of an ancient exorcism ritual. Do see
what I'm getting at?"

"{ don't know whose name it is and I'm too weak
to do anything with it, but never mind that. Word of
my failure will spread. The one whose name I sought
will find out what has transpired here. He will act to
keep his name hidden. All who heard it will be
eliminated. All."

[ realized then what he was telling me. I had been
in the room from noon until after sunset. I had heard
this name.

"Reuben," Jacob said. "I can't last much longer.
This body is dying, starving. You're my only hope. My
life is in your hands. I must get out of here. I need
medical attention. I need your help."

If he had threatened me, tried to frighten me or
offered me protection I would not have been moved. I
would have been suspicious. But he was begging me. He
claimed be an angel of G-d, but he was begging like the
poorest of the poor. And he didn't look like a monster.
He looked like my cousin. Like pictures I'd seen of my
Aunt Lisa. Like my mother.

"L... if 1 take you out of here, they'll never
forgive me."

"Reuben," he said, seeming to achieve a second
wind. "This isn't the place for you. I knew it the day
you told me about your travels to Jerusalem. You don't
want to spend your whole life wandering the 10 square
blocks of this neighborhood. Let's help each other. I
need your spiritual guidance, Reuben. I need your faith
to help me make my way in this changed world. To
make sure I don't do any more harm. Some part of me
is still your cousin. Your family. We'll be wanderers


CHAPTER THREE

together, exploring the world G-d made and finding
our place in it."

He was so weak. So in need of help

"Will you help me, Reuben? Will you believe that
Ican help you?"

Ananswer was on my lips when | heard a doorslam.
Then another door opening, closer. Someone was com-
ing up the stairs.

"Hide," Jacob told me. "Hide! I'll tell them you
went out for bread."

I ducked behind an old covered dresser, just as
the door opened. I could only see directly in front of
Jacob. Footsteps grew louder and a shadow stretched
into my view. And then I could see who had come
into the room.

It was the Rebbe.

Lalmost cried out in joy to see him there. He stood
tall and steady, not ill at all, bearing himself like a man
half his age.

I watched him in wonder. It was like seeing one
of the Prophets come to life. At first I did not reveal
my presence out of reverence. Then it was simply
because I had no thought but to watch and see what
he would do.

He stood over Jacob and did not speak fora full minute.

"Well," he said, his voice stern and unwavering.
"What have you to say for yourself?"

Jacob's voice, compared to the Rebbe's, was like a
housecat toa lion. "I needa doctor," he croaked. "I don't
understand why I'm here. I'm a soldier."

The Rebbe sighed. "Don't play delirious with me,
fallen one. I know exactly why you're here."

"I'm so hungry—"

"Enough!" The Rebbe's voice was thunderous.
"Don't waste your last minutes on playacting. You have
failed your master and fallen into the hands of your
enemy, and you have no servants to help you. Do you
understand what I'm saying to you, Slayer?"

Jacob's face flinched fora moment. Then he pushed
himself upright, into a sitting position. "You're more
than meets the eye, Rabbi, aren't you?"

"Forty nights ago he came to me," the Rebbe said,
slow ing to the foot of Jacob's cot and back again.
"In a dream the angel came to me. And again the next
night, and the next. For seven nights he whispered
secrets into my ear, each secret the soul of the secret
before it. My prayers to G-d answered at last. I would
become the miracle worker so many thought me to be."

"You're boring me, Rabbi. If you're going to be
boring, at least do it in Hebrew."

"He told me you were coming, that you would
try to tempt and corrupt my children. He bade me

watch for you, told me how to trap you. The angel
Mordiel, one of the 777 bearers of the shadow of the
throne of G-d. And now you are in my power as he
said you would be."

"Mordiel..."Jacob's eyesnarrowed. "Coulditbe...2"
And then he laughed. I had never heard laughter so
bitter, so pained, so close to weeping. "Oh Rabbi, if you
only knew... Mordiel. An angel. Can you hear me?
Whose name is it that you have tucked away here? Not
your own. You're too crafty for that. You need to keep
a better eye on your servants, though. They're trotting
out your hidden treasure while you're not looking!" He
laughed again.

The Rabbi moved so quickly that he was upon
Jacob before | could blink. "Laugh, then, creature.
Mazzikim. Laugh your way back into the pit!" Jacob
tried to fight, but he could not pull the Rebbe's
hands from his throat. He clawed at those mottled
and knobbed fingers, but he was too weak to so
much as scratch the Rebbe's skin. The sound he
made was awful. His gasps for breath seemed to echo
through the room like waves crashing over a rock. I
had to turn away, and then I heard a cracking snap
and a dull thud. By the time I looked up again, the
Rebbe was walking toward the door. In another
moment he was gone.

Thad a little money. I knew where Mrs. Brown kept
her household cash, and I took most of it with tears of
shame streaming down my face. I threw some clothes in
a bag. I was on a bus within an hour.

Warrinain THE Nicht

Ihaven't stopped running since. At first, I thought
to hide within some other courts. Though they were
courteous to me, I didn't belong. And I feared that even
though I used a different name, word would get back to
the old neighborhood and I would be found. I was
staying in a Lubavitch home, rooming with a visitor
from Israel. I stole his plane ticket and identification.
He wasn't planning to return home for weeks, so I knew
he wouldn't miss them. I cashed in the ticket and took
an earlier flight.

Ihave a friend in Jerusalem whom I met during my
visit there years ago. I'll mail this packet of letters to
him, and he will hold them and send them to you,
Rachel, when you are 14.

I've shaved off my beard. But it's not enough.
They are hunting for me. They have hollow eyes,
tired faces, but they know me. I've avoided them so
far. I've fled the city for the countryside. I stay at
hostels and inns. At night something scratches at
my door, sniffing like a dog. Somewhere in my head
is a word, a name, and the thing that it belongs to
wants it back.

Bb

Our forefathers had no difficulty
believing that demons walked the
Earth. Yet neither did a belief in evil
sprits behind every tree leave them
paralyzed with fear. To them, demons
were an aspect of creation, no more to
be feared than other dangerous phe-
nomena, like a storm ora plague. We're
bombarded daily by news of the ter-
rible things that can happen to us, and
indeed that do happen to many of us.
As result we develop ulcers, depres-
sion and anxiety disorders. What did
our ancestors have that we don't?

In a word, faith.

We laugh at the supposed supersti-
tions of those who came before us,
even aswe strive to preserve and honor
the traditions they left us. But an exami-
nation of the widespread belief in
demons and evil spirits of pre-indus-
trial Jews reveals that they were not
less rational than we are. Their super-
stitions enabled them to exercise their
faith ona daily basis, in a (to them) very
real and immediate way. If there were

[am trying to find someone to help me, a rabbi or
scholar, but they are chasing me and I don't know where
to go. I don't dare to make contact with family or
friends. | don't know which strangers to trust. Already
I have met so many liars and madmen.

1 am forever tainted by the touch of evil. The
world is no longer the same. I hear of murder and
warfare and I wonder if it is Satan's angels who cause
the suffering. Would our Holy Land be marked by
such strife if the children of Hell were not walking
the Earth? Some days it is all I can do to keep myself
from grasping passersby by their shoulders and scream-
ing the truth to them. Perhaps that will be my end.
Perhaps I will become one of the raving lunatics who
shout their tortured thoughts from the street corners
of Jerusalem.

I don't know what I'll do.

As] write this, you are too young to read. But when
you are old enough, you will want to know what hap-
pened to Jacob, your oldest brother. And now you know
the truth.

I've thought and thought about it, and I realize now
how I broughtall this on myself. It was my pride, you see

Saviors anp Destroyers

demons all around, then too there must
be the presence of God to keep them at
bay. If Satan was striving constantly to
destroy God's chosen people, and
failed, then certainly no mortal king or
potentate could do them harm.

Today, we can raise that kind of
faith in ourselves by recognizing de-
mons for what they are: externalized
aspects of the darker impulses in all of
us. If we imagined our pettiness, our
anger, our greed, our indifference to
walk the Earth in physical form, surely
it would be no less ugly than Asmodei
and his ilk are said to be. But they're
invisible, and they're inside us. Can
we exorcise them? Perhaps. The first
step is to know and name them for
what they are, like the rabbinic miracle
workers who demanded that possess-
ing spirits identify themselves.

— Introduction to Dybbuks, Dark-
ness and Divinity: Ghost Stories of
the Jewish People and what We Can
Learn from Them, by Marla Redner,
PhD, Nephilim Press, 1998.

The day I received Aunt Lisa's letter, | took it upon
myself to visit Jacob on my own. | wanted to perform the
mitzvah, the good deed, for myself, rather than to share
the blessing with the Rabbi and our community. I acted
on my own as if] was someone special. And blinded by
this arrogance, I started on a path leading to tragedy,
pain, exile and death. I was not expelled from G-d's
kingdom. I evicted myself.

Most likely, as you read this, I am no longer on
this Earth.

But forget what I wrote at the beginning. Pray for
me, Rachel. Please.

Broxen Bonps

About a week passed after the debacle at Jills
house. | hadn't heard from the others at all. The Daily
Disappointment ran an article about it, but they only
printed police illustrations of the two "burglars." Every
time police officers walked into the cafe, I feared that
they were looking for me.

That night, I went over the papers I'd stolen
from Jill's study. Most of them were financial, which


CuvTeR THREE

made for very dry reading. It seemed like she was
saving up money for something. I couldn't tell what
it was for.

Ididn't even know if Jay wasstill alive. He'd seemed
pretty sick, and when Bruce sent me home, I overheard
them arguing over whether to send Jay to the hospital,
because the doctor couldn't help him.

Around 9:00 P.M., the phone rang, interrupting my
reading of yet another balance sheet.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Paul," said a weak voice.

"Jay?"

"Yeah. How are you?"

"How am I? My God! How are you? You were
unconscious the last time I saw you."

Jay tried to laugh, but lapsed into a rattling
cough. "I may not sound like much, but I'm feeling
better. I guess they got someone to drop me off at
the hospital."

"How long have you been awake?"

"On and off, about a day, maybe less. [t's hard to tell.
They've got me on some serious antibiotics and pain-
killers. Sometimes it's all just a blur. I kind of prefer it
that way."

"l'm—"

"Paul," Jay interrupted. "I need to ask you some-
thing."

"Sure. Anything." I looked out the windows. "But
I think the cops could be, you know... the phone might
not be safe—"

"It doesn't matter," Jay replied, breathing heavily.
"They won't understand this, but you will. Have you
dreamed about Jill lately?"

I hesitated.

"Tell me the truth. Any dreams about Jill? Dreams
or nightmares?"

I closed my eyes, afraid of the truth. Afraid of what
Jay might think.

"[ have to know," Jay insisted.

"Yes." I whispered.

For a long time I heard only background noise on
the line. Then Jay finally replied. "Me, too."

My heart sank. "We were both very attached to her.
Imean, it would be unusual if we didn't dream about her,
right?" But the words sounded hollow, even to me. A
feeling of cold dread seeped into my chest.

Jay didn't reply. I felt myself shaking.

"Come on. If she were back, we'd feel the bond.
We'd have to. We don't because she's—"

"She wants to come back," Jay whispered.
"How do you know?" I demanded.

"Paul, shut up and listen to me," Jay said. After a
longsilence, he continued. "I constantly dreamed about
her while I was sedated. She spoke to me, and showed
me... things." He coughed. "She's trying to come back,
Paul. She's already escaped Hell once, and she thinks
she can do it again."

My hands felt cold.

"Paul," he said, "I'm going to leave. It's too danger-
ous for the others."

"They won't let you leave. They'll—" I
stopped myself.

"Yeah, they'll repossess my decoder ring," Jay said
bitterly. "You might want to think about leaving, too."

"You know I can't." I quietly replied.

"Paul, remember when we first met?"

"Yes."

"I was wrong. There are other paths to salvation.
With Jill coming back, the group might not be the best
path for us."

"Don't say that!" I yelled.

Silence.

"Jay?"

After a few seconds, he finally replied, "Can you do
me a favor?"

"What?"

"Jill still has... friends here. They're after a book.
It's more like a journal. It's really old. Jill told me to get
it for her friends. Paul, we can't let it happen."

"Did she tell you what it is?"

"No," Jay answered. "It's written in some an-
cient language. I didn't understand it or recognize
it." He paused. "Promise me you'll find it and keep
it safe."

"But I don't know what it looks like. How can I—"

"Promise me!" pleaded Jay. "Please."

I caught myself scanning the street outside the
apartment, though I had no idea what I expected to
see. Suddenly, the thought of armed cops bursting
through my door didn't seem all that frightening.
Funny how your perspective can change in the blink
of an eye.

"Okay, I promise. But if—"

"I'm not coming back. I'll explain it to Bruce."

"Bruce!" I cried. "There's no way—"

"I can be pretty persuasive," Jay said. "Just remem-
ber what I said."

My eyes burned. "I don't know," I said, trying to
lighten the mood, "taking advice from a pizza guy—"

Jay laughed. "Fuck you, Paul."

I chuckled. "You should—"

"Goodbye," Jay said, and the line went dead.


Saviors And Destroyers

I don't know how long I held onto the phone
before I finally hung up. I can't say that Jay and |
were close, but we were linked. We both had the
same mistress. Both of us were distrusted by the
others in the group. You could say that the adversity
bound us together

Now that bond threatened to take me down. Jay
felt so strongly that Jill was coming back that he was
running away. Now I had to decide how real the
threat was. No demon could reach out from Hell, I
told myself. Or could they? If she could get out once,
why not try again?

I wasn't prepared to quit. Not after our disastrous
run-in with those demons. To be honest, I wanted
another chance to earn God's salvation. The question
then became, would the others let me?

A PRAGER POR THE Daina

Three days later, Beth called me. I felt a chill when
I recognized her voice.

She gave me the address of a park not far from the
theater.

"Bring your gear and make sure you've finished your
homework," she said.

"What time?" | asked.

"Four. Don't be late." She hung up.

There's no way they'd kill me in such an open
place, I thought. Maybe they reasoned with Jay and
everything would be all right. No matter how many
times I told myself that, | still had doubts. My papers
were hidden in my room. A life-insurance policy of
sorts. If I'd had more time, I would have rented a safe-
deposit box.

I arrived 10 minutes early. A few kids were
playing on the swings and slides, while their parents
hung out in the shade. It must have been over 100
degrees outside.

Before long, I found Beth at one of the tables. Her
back was turned to me, as if she was reading something.
As] moved closer, I realized she was praying. Every once
in awhile, she'd wipe her eyes, and resume.

"Beth?" I asked

As she faced me, I could see that she was holding a
drawing done on a yellow sheet of paper. I made out a
red stick figure, maybe a blue sun, and some crude
printing. Beth quickly folded up the paper and put it in
her shirt pocket.

"You're early," she said.

"Are you okay?"

She wiped her eyes. "Sit down, Paul."

I sat down across the table from her

"Where are the others?" | asked.


CHapTER THREE

The sadness seemed to drain the life from her face.
"They're around," she said woodenly

1 looked around. No sign of them, but they could
have been hiding in the bushes for all I knew.

"have something to tell you," Beth said. "Jay is no
longer one of us."

I tried to act surprised. "What happened?"

"['ll be your contact from now on."

"You didn't answer my question," I said.

"It's better that you don't know."

I felt dizzy for a second. "I thought none of us
could leave."

Her eyes narrowed. "It's none of your busin

"Te

"Do you have the papers?"

I took a deep breath. "I can tell you what I found."

"You don't have them?"

"They're in a safe place."

Beth said nothing for a while. "Don't worry,"
she finally said. "If Bruce thought you were a
danger, you wouldn't be here." I felt her stare like
a steel weight.

"But—"

"Don't make this any harder," Beth snapped. The
sadness in her eyes hardened into resolve.

I didn't know how to respond. They must have
killed Jay. For the first time, I truly felt trapped.

"Bruce will be here soon. You can tell him what you
found," Beth said.

A few minutes later, a car pulled up and parked by
the side of the road. Lou stepped out of the passenger's
side. He motioned for us to walk over. I followed Beth
to the car, even though the doubts about my current
path had never been greater.

Beth and I got into the backseat. Lou stared at me
while Bruce drove.

"Do you have the papers?" Bruce asked, his eyes
locked on the road.

"Not with me," I replied. "I can summarize them if
you like." Without waiting for his approval, I told him
what I'd learned. Bruce looked ahead, never acknowl-
edging my words.

When I finished, he sat in silence for a while,
thinking things over.

"Tt actually makes sense. We've been able to
determine that she was trying to buy a book from a
church's collection."

"So where are we going?" I asked.

We were now caught in rush-hour traffic.
"Where—"

"We're going to the church," Bruce finally replied.

poke as we drove to the church. The
trip probably lasted about 20 minutes, but it felt like
hours. The dread over Jay's death suffocated the life out
of the car. Maybe it was the first time they had tokill one
of their own. Ifso, I hoped that it left scars they wouldn't
quickly forget.

LOoKINGINTOTHE ABUSS

What had we become? I'd joined this group to
strike back at the demons that were trying to enslave
humanity. So far we'd only succeeded in killing one
of our own. Despite Beth's reassurance, I feared that
Iwas next. Itdidn't seem like the path to salvation I'd
chosen. At that moment, | felt like I'd entered an-
other Hell. Had 1 made another wrong choice? I
didn't think so. I had to have faith that it was all some
sort of test, either from the others or from God, to
prove my worth. I looked out the window as we
passed a modern church. I silently prayed that this
book could provide the clues we so desperately needed
to strike back at the demons.

We eventually reached what appeared to be a small
Catholic church. It looked to be at leasta hundred years
old. Icouldn't really tell, but it seemed much older than
a lot of the others in the area. Bruce pulled into the
mostly empty parking lot.

"We have an appointment with the priest," Bruce
said. "Lou, you and Paul should stay in the car."

We waited for about 30 minutes. I was afraid to say
anything. Finally, Bruce and Beth returned. Bruce
held what appeared to be an old journal, its pages
yellow with age.

"Thanks to Beth, we can borrow this book for a
couple days," Bruce said. I didn't ask how they pulled it
off. I honestly didn't want to know.

We left the church and drove back to The Starlight.
None of us spoke for the remainder of the trip. 1 was
relieved no one died this time — especially not me.
Still, [ couldn't help but remember Jay's warning. Was
this the book he warned me about? Was it so important
that Jill would try to reach out from Hell to convince us
to get it?

We parked a few blocks from the theater by
some run-down apartments and walked the rest of
the way, our backpacks loaded with gear. Upon
reaching The Starlight, we crept in the back way
and turned on our flashlights.

"What now?" I asked.

"Follow me," Bruce replied.

We approached the stage. Lou and Beth moved
away from me, while I kept following Bruce. Once
Bruce and I were on stage, he knelt down and lit
the lantern.

ST

"[ have a few questions to ask you," Bruce said,
standing up.

Lou and Beth stepped into the light, now hold-
ing shotguns.

I dropped my backpack. "Yes?" My heart started to
race. Were they going to kill me?

"[ want you to tell me about your dreams."

I glanced back at Beth and Lou. Their guns weren't
pointed at me, but that meant nothing.

"If you're going to kill me, do it now," I said. "Don't
toy around with me."

Bruce smiled. "Paul, 1 don't believe you're
going to die tonight. But I have to be sure of
certain things. Unlike Christ, we can't afford a
Judas amongst us."

"P'm no Judas," I said.

"Then tell meabout your dreams. Have youdreamed
about Jill?"

"Why do you care about my dreams?" I asked. How
did they know about them? Had Jay told them?

"If you have nothing to hide, then you can answer
me," Bruce replied.

"Yeah, I've have dreams about Jill."

"How many times?"

"Twice."

"Tell me about them."

"She'd call out to me. That was it. Nothing—" I
stopped myself.

"Go on."

Icouldn't let them know that Jay called me. "Noth-
ing important."

Bruce approached me. "That's for me to decide."
Again, he smiled. "You have nothing to fear from us.
Or me."

"Js that what you told Jay?"

Bruce put his hand on my shoulder. "Jay knew there
was only one way out. Do you know the way out?"

"When Jill died, I was freed. I'm still free, and if you
kill me, you'll have to answer to God for your mistake."

"Are you sure you're free?"

"Jay may have had doubts, but I don't."

Bruce released me and paced for a few seconds.

"Are you sure you don't want to change
your answer?"

"No."

"T don't like the tone of your voice, Paul. It sounds
like you're hiding something."

My jaw dropped. Beth put a finger on the trigger
of her shotgun. Was he calling me a liar? "I'm telling
you the truth, Bruce," I said, surprised at the anger in
my voice. "I thought you could tell the difference. Or

Saviors ANd Destroyers

is that just a convenient lie to get people to do what
you want?"

"Am | interrupting something?" spoke a voice from
the darkness.

Beth and Lou pointed their guns toward the
seats. Bruce shined his flashlight toward the voice.
The beam revealed a man wearing a blue polo shirt
and black jeans. He had short, black hair and a
thick mustache.

"Put down the guns," Bruce said with a sigh, and
motioned to Lou and Beth. "He's with me."

"Who the fuck is he?" Lou yelled, his shotgun never
wavering.

"Someone | trust," Bruce

"Indeed," the stranger said. "He invited me."

"Come on up," Bruce said, beckoning to the man.
"Lou is just being careful."

Lou lowered his gun. I made my way toward my
backpack. With the others distracted, | pulled out my
pistol, holding it by my side.

"Sorry I'm early," the man said affably, "but I've got
a lot of things to do tonight."

Beth shot a warning look at Bruce. "What's going
on here? You know the rules."

Bruce nodded as he reached into his backpack.
"1 also know that he can be trusted." He looked up
at the man. "Though we were supposed to meet at
the restaurant."

"What can I say?" the man replied, spreading his
hands. "I guess | was never really good at following
directions."

Bruce pulled out the small book. "My friend here
has provided useful information about the enemy. I
thought he could help us with the book."

The man stepped on stage. "Cherokee is a third
language for me," he said with a smile.

"I don't give a fuck!" Lou yelled. "Why didn't you
tell us about him?"

"The less you knew the better," Bruce replied.

"Why?"

"In case you were ever captured."

"Enough!" the man said sharply. "You guys can
argue about this later. Right now, I need the book so I
can work on the translation. If] get it now, youcan have
it back tomorrow."

Bruce turned to the man and started to hand him
the book. It was in those seconds that I had to make
an important decision. Did I heed Jay's warning or
did I trust Bruce? To believe Jay's warning meant I
had to accept that I, too, was susceptible to Jill. To
trust Bruce meant that this man could help us find an
important clue.

id.


CuapTer THREE

The man reached out for the book and I raised
my pistol. I wanted to believe Bruce, but I had my
doubts. How had Bruce discovered the book's exist-
ence? Could I afford to take the chance that the
book wouldn't fall into the wrong hands? The man
was about to grab it. I had to go with my gut, for the
sake of humanity.

I pulled the trigger.

The bullet made a ragged hole in his shirt, just right
of his breastbone. The man staggered backward. I fired
again. Blood blossomed against his shirt and he stag-
gered closer to the edge of the stage. Another shot. It felt
like time was moving in slow motion. This time I hit
him in the forehead.

I felt a shotgun muzzle against my ear.

"What are you doing?" Lou yelled.

I was too stunned to answer. The man was un-
harmed, and the small wound in his head closed before
my eyes. Before I could say a word, he flew into the
darkness, vanishing from sight. Bruce staggered back as
if he were struck by a shock wave.

Bruce turned toward me. His mouth opened, and
out streamed flood of unintelligible words that seared
our ears like acid. Each word hit Lou and me like a
physical blow. | fell backward. Suddenly, the words
stopped. Bruce looked up and screamed in pain. As |
watched him, the memories came back. Memories
from the moment Jill drained my soul, feeding on my
trust as she fought to keep from being banished. Now
Bruce was experiencing the same pain.

"He's still one of them!" I yelled.

Beth, her eyes wide with shock and fear, fired at
Bruce. His chest erupted as the buckshot tore through
his body. Lou got off the next blast. Part of Bruce's head
exploded. I cringed as I watched his face disintegrate
What was left of Bruce crumpled to the ground, arms
outstretched.

"Oh my God," | yelled. I'd never seen someone die
in front of me before, and it was even more horrific than
I'd ever imagined. I don't know how long Beth and I
stared at the body.

"Beth! Paul!" Lou yelled. "Where did the de-
mon go?"

We shook off our horror. I reached into my back-
pack to pull out some extra clips and a hunting knife.
Louran offstage and returned with two more duffel bags,
and then we heard an inhuman cry coming from the
darkness. Beth stepped further back from the edge of the
stage, her gun ready.

"We've got to make our stand here!" She cried.

She was right, in a way. This was where we had to
prove ourselves. It was time to earn our salvation, even
if the odds seemed hopeless.

Scanning the darkness, | heard a familiar growl,
one that I'd heard only days before. I readied my
pistol, remembering the monster that broke into
Trent's home. Lou was wrong. There were two de-
mons in here with us.

Suddenly a shadowy form swooped toward me. I got
offone shot before the figure slammed into me. Its impact
sent me flying across the stage. As it pounced, the black
form transformed into the beast demon I'd seen at Jill's
house. It landed on top of me. My gun was several feet
away. I stared at its red claws, expecting to be sliced open.
Instead, it punched me in the face. The blow broke
several of my teeth. [ heard shotgun blasts going off. Each
hit shook the creature and it jumped off me.

I spit out teeth, then saw the demon land in front of
Beth. Terrified, she kept firing, each shot barely harm-
ing the beast.

I forced myself to get up and staggered toward my
pistol. Even with the room spinning, I knew I had to do
something. I couldn't let it win.

Beth started to turn, but the beast slashed at her
head. She flew through the air like a paper doll and fell
hard to the floor.

Ireached my gun and started firing, praying that
I wouldn't hit Beth. I managed to get it in the leg at
the same time that Lou shot it in the back. The
creature howled and I noticed it bleeding for the first
time. It leapt toward me as I kept firing. It landed
inches from me. Instead of killing me right there, it
picked me up and threw me toward Beth. My shoul-
ders and knees exploded in pain, but miraculously
nothing seemed broken

The thing leapt toward Lou. He swung at its face
with the butt of his gun. The demon dodged and then
swiped at Lou with its claws. As Lou fell to the ground,
the beast grabbed his shotgun and bent it in half.

A shot from Beth interrupted it. The creature
turned toward her and leapt into air. Before I could do
anything, it thrust its claws into her stomach. Blood
spurted from her mouth. I wanted to scream, but no
sound came.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something flying
through the air toward the beast

"Think fast!" Lou yelled.

The demon caught what | then realized was one of
Lou's pipe bombs. I dove for cover and felt the explo-
sion, followed by the creature's scream. It was holding
the bloody stump of its right hand. Another pipe landed
atts feet. I rolled away before it went off. The explosion
echoed through the theater. I barely saw the thing leap
up into the darkness.

Lou pulled out a pistol and started firing at the
ceiling. "Come on down and finish this!"

59

ano pjoy 01 pey asnf | MON "2! paputyg aoYs oy "uIEse
20UQ "pari pue av} s,Surya ayp ur Jorsid Aur yams
| ‘punoge unds 31 sv sayout Aq peay Aut yo dor ay
passiu sly s,uowap ay], °y9eq sit 01 squiog Jo 3eq
aya Suywurd ‘opry Yoryp si OUT aytuy 93 2A04p |
"poo pasgag Ajuayis | Ya8uans au aaig
uowWap ay? ye pasreyp | ‘YpSuans Surupewar
Auy Jo aduno 41949 UPI ‘aPe| pesodxe oy2 3 paxoo]
| ‘Burkeag "aay ayBne> pua yy ‘sowey ayp ul Seq ay
jonas | ‘ou premio pouana y>uq s,sunqwaro aya YI A
wry 1evaq 02
panes pur sawey ay joanono7[paynd uowep ay,|
a1J UO IYBNLd sayr0] sty sw AypeoTAIshY
SurySne] ‘paypad ay ,,j2ey2 VEYA 19129q Op e103 Nox,
sowey aq OU!
19} pue paddin noq "oxy oy preawor wry paaoys am
-e919 ati "UNI PNod ay d10jag ‘pardurs uN sno]
pauuuyjd | aya 10} ysNoud
pey | podoy | ‘apeq pasodxo aya ae Buryoo7] seaues aya
ySnomp ayrey aya paqqers | ‘seq ayp Jo auo SuIqqeID
2giuyy Aw ano palnd J se ways preasor ues pue dn padwnt
[ ‘squiog adid siy aday avy asnus no aya seq aya
aves | 2431] Suzy aya uy "uorndo ue ausem YL
"pal}>4 ay {494 Jo ano
399,, ‘Buty aday noq se 1940 padumnys ‘papuryq yseaq
ay] ‘20ey SI OU! Apoamp ary pauado noq ‘pawn

SUA AOWISAC] UNV SUOLLYS

pur aw yo pares a -yoeq s,3uryp oy Oru! Jopjnoys
S1y aacip pue saurey ayy yBnonp padeay noy
aatamns pj Ae Ou sem
au94]"Isy su Buster OWp ayp mes | ‘dn payoo] [VAY A,
aze]q e or! papofdxe ay ayy "punosd ay 02 ow 2a0oys
Buryrewios [94 | ‘Jare] puords y "yooq ayp Sunrust
‘ony ayBned Jary wIAIUR] ay], "YOO ap Uo a1 pauado
| ‘urderg "31 09 axou paioyyeYs WAIUE] ay] Yooq ay
pxemoy Wi9IUR] ay passa Udy} ‘2994 400 Ay V ULI |
"payod noq ,jBUIOp NOA are IY,
‘puey oay dui ysis
11 paqqesd | -paurewos ary yBnous rwyp Avsd A]UO pjnoo
] "Wn 02 Sunes Mops sy ‘WiaIUET OYA preMO} ULI |
Apog s,son1g woy
32} 30U YJoog ayA Puno} puke vase aya pouUeds APAoINb |
Agayes oy yo paddry pur pey ays jorsid ayp yoo j "awn
aaey 1upIp | Jay Wow o7 pauem | YsNoy] ‘Poojg
Jo [ood v ul ssayuorzow Avy ays ‘paseay | sy "Y2eg PreMod
pynoo | seasaq se ued | Bu108 daay or pey Jang ‘paqqonp
wef Aw pur Guny sue pur xoeq Ayy "dn jos por10} |
4qJ2q Sur zapun [pas sea apruy Aww ains SuPjeu sayy
‘ye 3.02 UORINUIUOD Au aq
pjnoa. aeyp aqdeyy "Yoog ayp 198 3,uprp Aap auns ayeut
01 pey | ‘MoYyaUOg "saoueYD sno 941] 2,UPIP | pue ‘peap
sem tag "smopeys oyp UL alsymawos BuUPpN] UOWAp
aYIOUR sea a19Y2 IY pur ‘Burpeay sear I MOU |

09


Ciarrer THREE

until the bombs went off. I was going to die, but I'd
take the demon with me. I kept shooting, knowing
that I was going to run out at any second. Did I have
enough time?

To my horror, I saw Lou move. He screamed in
pain, his body almost totally engulfed in flames.
Somehow, he made his way to the beast and jumped
on its back.

"Run!" he yelled, his burning body pressed against
the pipe bombs.

Iran as fast as I could, stopping only to throw the
other bag of pipe bombs at the demon. It reached back
and impaled Lou with its claws. After turning around,
I fled into the shadows backstage. Moments later, I
heard an explosion, followed by a shock wave that
knocked me into a hallway. I tumbled to the floor.

I looked back and could only see the burning
stage. I couldn't stand, so I crawled to the door.
When I looked back one last time, | saw Bruce's
demon floating above the flames. As it came toward
me, the fire seemed to trail behind like a comet. |
tried to crawl faster as the flames approached. It
picked me up like a mouse in its talons. After smash-
ing through a boarded-up window, we landed behind
a run-down apartment complex.

The demon shook its head gravely.

"After so many millennia, humans never cease to
amaze me."

"Go back to Hell where you belong."

He snorted. "I should send you there, little man. Do
you realize what you've just done?"

The pain from my wounds finally caught up to
me, leaving me gasping for breath. I could only shake
my head.

"We thought we could control your little group," it
said. "We used you to get the book from holy ground."

I heard sirens in the distance. "Too bad it's all
burned up," I said with a strangled voice.

The demon leaned closer to me. "That book was
going to help us free a powerful ally." It shook its head
again. "I'll never underestimate humans again."

I gritted my teeth against the pain. "You had Bruce
in your pocket the whole time, didn't you?"

The demon nodded. "Yes. We used him to orga-
nize you. All that childish talk about ‘good demons'
and ‘bad demons."

"But you needed the book," I replied. "And you
didn't count on us destroying it."

The demon tensed. I could see the anger in his eyes.
"No, we didn't." He took a deep breath, then relaxed
slightly. "I didn't expect you to be able to kill my
associate, either."

The sirens grew louder.
"{ doubt that you'll escape police scrutiny this
time... unless you want to make a deal?"

Though my hands ached, | still had the strength to
give him the finger.

The demon growled, then turned to walk away.
After a few steps, he looked back and said, "The being
you knew as Jill is coming back, you know. It's only a
matter of time. Say hello to her for me."

Then he left

Live Preeor Dir

After hiding behind some dumpsters for longer
than I can remember, I snuck away. I got to the conve-
nience store. The clerk remembered me and reluctantly
let me use the restroom to clean up. I eventually
managed to catch a bus back to my apartment.

Now I'm sitting at the Oklahoma City National
Memorial as I write this. I'm trying to make sense of
everything that's happened.

Jill appears in my dreams more frequently, and I
now believe she's coming back very soon. The worst
thing is that part of me wants her to come back. | know
I'll be hers again.

Why didn't | kill myself when I had the chance?
When I started writing this, | didn't know the
answer. Looking out at the reflecting pool and all
the empty metal chairs, I think I now know why. I
had to fight against the evil that's loose in the
world. An evil not that much different from the one
that drove Timothy McVeigh to kill so many inno-
cent people. I had one brief moment to do good, and
I took it. When I started writing this, I regretted my
choice. Not any more.

When 1 joined the group, part of me was in it for
my own soul. Now I realize that I was being selfish. I
had to take a stand. It didn't matter if my actions
someday outweighed my sins. Fighting them was the
only choice.

Now I hope the action I'm about to take is the right
one. I wanted to think I could keep fighting the demons
until Jill came back. Who was I kidding? How could |
know when the ‘right time' was? I could become her
slave again any second and undo everything I'd worked
for. I think this is the only choice I have

Tonight, I'm going to post on Usenet, and then kill
myself. I hope that maybe, just maybe, I'll inspire
someone to continue the fight. | realize most people will
write me offas a nut. But I have faith that someone will
be inspired.

How does the old saying go? As long as one good
man refuses to yield, evil will never triumph?

T hope it'll be enough.

61

62

FRIENDS aNp
NEIGHBORS

By August, Pelham was dead. I didn't know how to
feel about it. On one hand, he was a liar and a manipu-
lative prick. On the other hand, he was the only one of
us who had a goddamn clue. I think the others felt the
same way, at least a little. We were all scared as hell.
That's for sure. The way we found him, in our hotel
room — he was cut to ribbons on the bed closest to the
door. The three of us just stood there. Flies buzzed
around, landing on the sticky red pillows. Pelham's
fingers were curled like claws around a nice piece of
paper —cardstock, like a wedding invitation, bound up
with a soft red ribbon.

The other two just stared. I picked it up and un-
rolled the damn thing.

Infancy handwriting, like you'd get witha quill and
an ink dipper, it said: You're lucky I missed you. Begone.

And that was it. We took the keys, and got the fuck
out of Dodge.

Pickinaup THE PIncES

We'd been close, too. There was a Red School in
Dayton, and we'd been sniffing it out like good little
bloodhounds. It was somewhere nice. Oakland Park,
or maybe up by the University. It was hard to say, but
apparently we'd been leaving enough of a trail be-
hind us. We weren't careful about it. Definitely
messy. And because of that, our fearless leader got
himself carved up like a tender filet. We were lost, a
flock without a shepherd. Sparks had an idea that I
couldn't help but agree with — we went to a bar and
started drinking like it was the end of the world.

Sparks downed pint after pint of Black and Tans,
and Tommy had gin and tonics. I had scotch. A glass of
whiskey, ice and nothing else. A friend of mine used to
say that itwas "his favorite mixed drink." I couldn't help
but agree.

Weall knew why we were there and what we had to
talk about. So instead of sitting and watching the TV at
the bar, I pulled us away and plunked us down in a dark
corner booth in back by the pinball machines. And
then I said it: "We can't stop yet."

Sparks nodded. Tommy frowned.

"Goddamn right," Sparks said, gesturing with
the pint glass. "We don't need Pelham to do this
business up right. I'm fixin' to find these monsters
and kick their asses back to hell whether or not he's
around." I took some kind of comfort in what he was
saying, like a warm pillow. For a while now, Sparks
had seemed emasculated, like he was a zombie just

Saviors «np Destroyers

working his limbs by rote. Now he had a fire back in
his belly, which was the way he needed to be for
anything to happen right.

"I don't know," Tommy muttered. He had a
thousand-mile stare, just looking off at a point in
space that wasn't even there. "Did you see what they
did to him? Jesus. The flies. The smell. I can't have
that happen to me."

"So you're bailing on us?" I asked. I hoped he was
going to say yes. I didn't want Tommy on our team
anymore. While | wouldn't turn down any help,
there was just something about him I didn't trust. You
could never peg where his mind would be at any given
moment. He was too selfish, like he was worried
about what everyone was thinking about him. I
didn't need that.

He answered like I wanted. He just nodded and
started to get up. But Sparks' hand flashed out, caught
him just above the wrist and slammed him down against
the table.

"Bullshit," Sparks hissed. "Before now, you been
strutting around like a rooster. But now that Pelham's
gone, kinda took the air out of your tires, didn't it?
Little retard, always worrying about the wrong stuff,
aintcha? Well, I can't have you running off like a girl
and ratting on—"

"Sparks," I said. "Let him go." He shot me a
look, and I knew what it was. The question in his
eyes read: Are you sure? He was looking to me for an
answer. I nodded. He relaxed his grip and Tommy
jerked away.

"You guys don't get it," Tommy said. "You're going
to get yourselves killed. Not me. I'm a pragmatist."

Then he marched out, leaving that cloud of
bullshit behind. Tommy wasn't a "pragmatist." He
was a coward. He couldn't handle seeing Pelham like
that. And so he was abandoning his kid. But not me.
Not now.

"What the hell'd you let him go for?" Sparks whis-
pered. "That little ferret's going to up and run to the
police. Then what?"

I shook my head. "I don't think he will. Remember
— there's blood on his hands just like ours. He killed
that politician. He'll leave us alone. He's done. Worst
part of it is, he'll still get his kid back, because we're
going to find them, you and me."

Sparks pulled back on his glass, running the
last of the murky beer into his mouth. Then he
slammed the glass back down and licked his lips
"Amen, brother."

It was strange. That night, I slept the best I had in
months. Sparks and I got separate rooms using the cash
that was left over. 1 cranked the air conditioner,


Cuvprer THREE

listened to it hum and sank into sleep like a stone. I felt
good. Warm inside, like I had a soft-glow lamp bulb
tucked near my heart. I felt like the finish line was in
sight, and I had nice dreams of Tracy and Marjorie.
Dreams of us on vacation, driving down to Florida, to
the Keys. We'd always talked about doing that. The
dream went on and on, sweet and nice, never turning
bad like all the nights before. And then, somewhere
after the dream ended and I lay comfortably in the
darkness, someone put something over my mouth,
around my neck and across my eyes. I was rolled onto
the floor and my hands were held out while I was hit
and kicked. Someone was laughing. Something hard
—a board or a bat, maybe — cracked me across my
taped-up mouth. I felt a tooth go free and slide down
my throat. And then true darkness took over once
more as I slipped into the cold grip of oblivion.

CONVERSATIONS WITH THE DAMNED

"Mister Royce? Welcome to the Red School."

The words echoed in the hollows of my ears as
my eyelids fluttered like moth wings. For a minute
everything was white, but that slowly went away
and colors began shuffling in. The first color was
red. Red curtains over windows. Sunlight tried to
get in, but couldn't, and illuminated the curtains
like blood. Or fire. Or both. I tried to move, but
couldn't. My hands and feet were tied. I lolled my
head toward the voice and a jolt of pain went
screaming up my neck. But I managed. Standing
there in a sharp-angled black suit with his hands
clasped in front was the big, bald motherfucker I'd
been wanting to meet this whole time. Overholt.
The demon who took my daughter.

I said the first thing that came to mind: "I'm going
to kill you."

He just laughed, which disturbed the hell out
of me. "Oh, I can't imagine that's true, Will.
Certainly you don't mean the way you killed my
retainer, Mr. Vig? You killed the body, indeed, but
he's back and feeling quite energized. Sure, it took
some work and some good old-fashioned book-
learning, but at the end of the day you didn't do
much more than make a dent."

He was lying, I told myself. Had to be. You couldn't
bring someone back from the dead. You couldn't just
put them ina body like it wasa new suit, right? I couldn't
quite convince myself.

1 looked around, despite the nail-pain in my head,
to see how the hell I was going to get out of there.
There was a door behind him. There were rows of desks
for students, and a teacher's desk, too. A chalkboard.
The windows with their red curtains. Silhouetted
through the red I could see what looked like bars over

the windows. Goddammit. Idly, 1 tongued the hole
where my tooth had been and I enjoyed the pain a
little too much.

Overholt smiled. "Certainly you wouldn't be con-
templating leaving our hospitality so soon? I have so
many things to show you — one in particular that I'm
sure you'll like."

"I hate your voice," I said. "My grandmother had
a phrase for people like you. Slicker than goose shit on
a glass window."

"Very nice. Your grandmother must've been a
lovely lady. Now, on to our business." The door behind
him opened and a girl, maybe 14 or 15, with an auburn,
French braid hanging down the middle of her back
stepped into the room. She handed Overholt a glass of
yellow liquid. He took a deep drink and a broad grin
spread across his face like butter on bread. "Ah!
Lemonade. One of the single greatest things humans
ever created. Eden didn't have anything like this, let
me tell you." He reached out and stroked the girl's hair.
She looked lost in the sensation, like a dog scratched
behind the ears. "Sweet thing, this one. And I know
what you're thinking. No, I don't molest them. There's
nothing sexual about it. | merely teach them. That's
all. It's something like... taking children to church at
an early age. Makes better believers. A few prize
students can go on to teach the flock."

"Why am I here?" | asked. "Why not just kill me?"

He appeared thoughtful. "I'm a practical man,
but that's not to say I don't have my luxuries. Every-
one has a vice, and I have mine. It will thrill me to
break a man like you. Some men enjoy breaking wild
horses. Maybe this isa little like that." He cleared his
throat. "Ever had anyone worship you, Mr. Royce?
Not your daughter, for certain." He laughed, and I
told him again that | was going to kill him. The
bastard just dabbed lemonade from the corners of his
mouth with a red handkerchief, and then got up and
walked over to me.

Something happened then that will forever be
burned into the backs of my eyes. It was worse than
Vig, not because it was horrible but because, in its
own way, it was beautiful. Overholt widened his
arms in a cruciform position, and he seemed to grow.
Not necessarily in body size, but in stature, in the
appearance of size. A pair of dark-feathered wings
eased lazily out from his shoulder blades, long enough
for each wingtip to touch the opposing walls. All
around him were lights, dancing and shifting, each
one like a shard of black glass lit by a spotlight. 1
couldn't tear my eyes away. I hated him. I loved him.
1 felt myself biting my own tongue from telling him
everything I knew, everything I could remember


64

from the moment I was born to that very point in
time. He looked down at me and smiled softly as a
pair of horns, sculpted with the smoothness of ice,
extended from his forehead

"YOU WILL DO NO SUCH THING, MISTER
ROYCE." The voice was deep and wiggled straight to
my guts like a tapeworm. There was that feeling again —
the hate and the love. I started to cry. "SEE ME, AND
SEE ETERNITY. IN A FEW DAYS, YOU'LL SEE
WHATI''MCAPABLEOF. ANDI HOPE YOU WILL
APPRECIATE THE GIFT."

And then, like nothing had ever happened, he
was just a man again. I sobbed, baby-like. He left, and
I was alone

RiTuas

The next few days passed in a blur. Someone
brought me food, and I ate it eagerly, but sure
enough it must've been drugged because as soon as
I was done I started drooling uncontrollably, and
then passed out. The cycle repeated. My body hurt,
blossoming with bruises. At some point a few days
later — which felt like weeks, maybe months — a
handful of children came in, silent and wide-eyed
They picked me up like I was nothing and carried
me out of the room.

Saviors AyD DESTROYERS

I was held aloft, carried like a coffin gripped by
pallbearers, pulled through makeshift hallways of red
curtains draped over iron frames. It was like a laby-
rinth of blood-colored fabric, and after a while the
color started making me sick. I was still dizzy from
whatever drugs were coursing through my system. I
was brought to a room that looked like some sort of
college science lab. Inside, they had set up a metal
table, and faceless men in dark suits surrounded it
Overholt was there, standing in the corner, arms
crossed over in front of him, a smug, self-satisfied
look across his big goddamn face

The children propped me up in the opposing cor-
ner, and I felt hands grab me from behind to hold me
there. A woman's face leaned over my shoulder
was a big girl, cherub cheeks and hollow eyes, and she
whispered, "You thought you killed me down South,
didn't you, boy? Tough luck." The voice wasn't the
same but somewhere behind it I heard something famil-
iar. The limo driver was back and everything I'd done
was for nothing.

Overholt nodded and another door opened. A
man in doctor's scrubs led in a girl with a white hood
over her head. The doctor wasn't dressed in the
normal blue or green colors. His scrubs were all
black, dark as the night sky. He helped the girl up


Carrer THREE

onto the metal table and opened a metal case.
Overholt looked at me.

"Will, remember how I said some students are good
enough to lead the flock? This is one of them. It's time
to be proud."

I knew what was coming before it happened. The
black-garbed doctor took off the hood, and there on the
table was my daughter. Before I could scream, the
woman-that-was- Vig shoved a ball-gag into my mouth
and tightened the straps behind my head. Tracy looked
over at me with empty eyes, and she cocked her head
like she recognized me from a past life or from a movie
she once saw. Then the doctor pressed her head back
onto the table.

He drew a very small circular saw from the case.
He ran the cord to the outlet, plugged it in and it
began whirring. I tried to kick and scream, but
couldn't. [ was held tight and forced to watch. I tried
to close my eyes but children's hands were on me,
prying my lids up, practically tearing them off. As
the doctor cut into Tracy's skull, the room filled
with the smell of burning hair and bone. I began
throwing up, but even then they held my head up
and the vomit just gurgled out of my mouth like a
baby spitting up food.

They made me watch it all. The cutting of her
skull. The removal of the top of her head like a hat.
The doctor had long thin scissors, a tool that looked
delicate enough to cut string. He snipped away at parts
inside her head and she laid there coolly and calmly,
like nothing was happening. All the while, the faceless
men (who weren't really faceless — I saw that they
were wearing masks without features) had notepads.
They were reciting something in another language.
No language I'd ever heard before. It sounded like they
were just babbling like idiots. I watched itall. I wanted
to die. | wanted to kill. I'd finally found my daughter,
and this was my reward. Finally, the doctor completed
the "operation." He took a long thin syringe and
flicked the needle-tip with his finger. Then he shot her
up with whatever the hell was in there. Finally, he put
her skull-top back on and began working black sutures
through her precious hair. Overholt applauded. I felt
apinprick stick me in the side of my neck and then I
passed into darkness again.

LESSONSIN BLOOD

Tommy was there when I opened my eyes. He was
sitting on top of one of the student desks, looking down
atme. | think there wasshame in his eyes, but it was hard
to tell because I was still half-drugged, my head feeling
like it was full of cold soup. I still had the scene playing
in my mind's eye — Tracy, the doctor, Overholt, the
blood, and bone and hair.

Tommy told me that he was sorry. That he gave
Sparks and | up so he could get his own kid back. He said
that he couldn't take her away but that they let him live
there. They were sendinga car down to get his wife. | felt
sick. 1 told him he was a dead man, that as soon as I got
out I was going to tear him apart and throw away the
pieces. He just said he was sorry again.

"It is what it is," he explained with a finality that
cut right to the quick. Then he shrugged and left the
room. Overholt came in not long afterward. He stood
there, silent, and | didn't say a goddamn word. |
barely could. My lips felt swollen and dead, and I
didn't even know if I could conjure up any more
sounds. A boy, maybe eight years old, came in and
with shaky hands gave the bald man another gl:
lemonade. He nursed it casually, making s
smacking sounds with his lips.

"New student," he finally said, gesturing toward
the kid. "It's refreshing to see. The light in their eyes,
like a twinkling lantern, so easy to capture and hold.
I love the attention. The good news is, your daughter
is recovering quite nicely. The doctor is very good at
what he does — the best, I dare say. The other
members of my staff are confident that the prepara-
tions were right and the ritual went off without a
hitch. There is, par usual, bad news, though. I don't
think she'll want to see you again. She may not even
recognize you. At least, she won't after we're through
with her final indoctrination."

Ilaid on the floor, helplessand hurting, and Overholt
walked over to me and knelt down. He fed me some of
the lemonade. It was cool going down, but I had to
struggle to keep it from coming back up. He leaned over
and whispered in my ear.

"We used to love you. The Lightbringer taught
us to teach you, to dress you up and show you how to
appreciate the breadth of life that God had given
you. But now you monkeys have heads full of ideas,
and you've forgotten your place. You can't even
recognize your betters anymore. And so, we're tak-
ing over again. You've made a mess of the place —
fouled your own nest, as it were. So it's time to put
the sheep to sleep and repopulate the forests with
wolves. I'm sorry for all of this, Will, 1 truly am
Soon you'll believe. Soon you'll fall back into line
where you belong."

And then he stood. He finished the last swallow
of the lemonade and handed the glass to a child who
had appeared out of nowhere, almost as if the boy
could sense Overholt's need. 1 wanted to die. My
head took the complex ideas he had just offered —
thoughts about God and Earth and monkeys — and
ditched them in favor of thinking about my daugh-
ter. Whatever cosmic voodoo Overholt seemed to


66

think I should care about, I didn't. I just wanted
Tracy to be all right. | just wanted her to love me as
much as I loved her.

Though I tried not to, somewhere in the next hour
I fell back asleep, dreading the dreams that would find
me there.

‘THe Mau Our

My dreams were strange. In them, there was a
sound, a loud angry sound, a booming. There were
people yelling, I saw shadows pass by the door and
there were hurried voices. Children were chanting.
Or screaming. It was hard to tell. Sparks came into
the room and he had something in his hand, some-
thing long and dark. I smelled the acrid tang of
gunpowder, and then as I felt my bonds being cut I
knew | wasn't dreaming but that I was awake and
that this was really happening. Sparks hoisted me
up. My limbs protested, having been frozen in damn.
near the same position for days. He started to hobble
me out, draping my arm over his shoulders, and we
went for the door

"You escaped," I said, my words an unsteady slur.

"They never caught me, buddy," he said, wiping
blood from a cut. Outside, in the hall of red curtains —
which I noticed were now burning, fire cascading up
them —was my daughter. It was like a mirage, the heat
from the fire making the air blurry and smoky. Every-
thing rushed together like a bunch of jump-cuts in a
music video. | was there with Tracy and then Sparks
was behind us. His shotgun roared a few more times
and shadows behind us went toppling into flame. We
found one section that wasn't burning and we went for
it, to it, through it, and then there were steps down and
doors opening and the twilight almost-night. I felt
fresh air rush into my lungs and a small kernel of
strength was born inside me.

Sparks looked deranged, his eyes like moons as
he pushed more shells into the underside of his
gun. Tracy stared up at me like she only half-
recognized who | was. Beneath her hairline I saw
the black slashes of the sutures. But she was still my
daughter, alive, and I too felt alive all of a sudden
when a thought struck me like a brick and I turned
to Sparks.

"Your twins—" I s:

"Aren't here," he answered. Then he pointed to a
pickup truck, some lime-green piece of junk sitting on
the side of some back road surrounded by trees. We
weren'tin Dayton atall. The truck was running, and he
started to go to it, pulling me and Tracy along. Every-
thing was blurred together. Before I knew what was
happening, a big woman stepped out of the shadows,
looking at Sparks and smiling.

Saviors AND DESTROYERS

"I remember you," she said, and then I knew it
was the woman from the operating room, the once-
limo-driver who we thought was dead. Now, as then,
herskin started rippling and bursting from her clothes.
Her flesh danced with ugly goddamn tumors, and her
mouth opened wide like a snake's. She ran at us,
charging like a bull, and I heard Sparks tell us to go
just before he raised his shotgun and fired. But the
blast didn't matter. The Vig-woman was on him and
I felt a jet of warm liquid spray across my face. 1
numbly put my hands on my cheeks and, pulling
them away, saw them coated in red. Sparks was
screaming. I grabbed Tracy and ran for the truck.
Behind us, I heard Overholt yelling and heard the
tush of wings, but we were already in the truck, time
still stuttering as adrenaline shot through my body
like fire. I gunned the truck just as Overholt landed
in the road in front of us, his broad wings stretching
out like a falcon's. I closed my eyes and felt the truck
slam into him. The tires ran over something and the
truck bounded ahead.

I remember myself saying over and over again,
"That didn't kill him." Then I looked at Tracy, and she
was looking at me. I explained to her, "I think maybe we
better go back and make sure he's dead."

And then the strangest thing happened. Her hands
reached out and touched the dashboard, and a set of
black claws extended from her fingertips. Her eyes
turned white.

"Don't worry, Dad," she said. "We'll find him an-
other day. For now, just keep driving."

Better advice was never uttered.

‘THe Parane

We drove far and fast away from the school, which
was quite literally that —an unused building at the edge
of a liberal-arts campus in an artsy little tourist town.
called Yellow Springs. It was maybe 10 miles outside of
Dayton. I pushed the junky pickup to its limits, hitting
the highway and going south until we coasted into
Asheville, North Carolina, about eight hours later. We
got a room at a little bed-and-breakfast run by an old
lady with a cadre of cats. It was a nice change from the
countless cookie-cutter motel rooms I'd seen over the
past months.

Tracy. My daughter. I have her back. To be fair, she
isn't so much my daughter anymore. Even she isn't sure
what's going on, butshe's more certain than Iam, which
is all | really need.

She has her memories. She remembers playing on
the slide at McDonald's for her fifth birthday. She
recalls when she was stung by bees when she was I 1, and
when she was bitten by a dog when she was 13. She
remembers me yelling at her and her mother, and she


CHAPTE

has no problem recollecting why she ran away, only to
get picked up and taken to a place that would forever
change every damn thing in both our lives.

But there's other stuff in there, too, she says. She
doesn't seem to have a problem describing how the
flowers smelled in the garden so very long ago. I can
only assume what garden she's talking about, and
while normally I would consider that unbelievable,
she's my Tracy and I trust her like I trust my own
godforsaken heart.

In fact, it's more than that. It's more than just
trust. I believe in her. Everything she tells me, I
accept. Especially when she shows me how true it is.
She changes, physically. Sometimes it's barely per-
ceptible, but it's there. Sometimes there are wings,
black and slick like an oily crow's. Other times she
passes by the dresser in the motel room and not a
single inch of reflection appears in the mirror. For a
while there she just puttered around like a child,
touching things, picking them up and scrutinizing
them. When she picked up the TV remote and it
turned to dust in her hands, | knew then she was
something very, very special. Pride swelled in me
like a balloon.

I can't precisely say that I know what happened. I
know they cut up her head. (The sutures have fallen

out and the wound is all healed.) They did some roto-
rooter plumbing inside there. For a while I thought
they literally put something inside her, but Tracy
seems to think they were just preparing her, emptying
her out a little bit like when you clean out a room to
make it a nursery for a baby. Something like that. I'm
inclined to believe her. I have faith in my baby girl,
through and through.

Now that she's ready, the plan is this: We're going
to take that truck and pick up right where I left off.
Except I'm following her lead now. She says she can
almost smell the others on the wind. Better than
Pelham could ever do for us. She and Lare going to take
care of business, get out there and find the rest of these
Red Schools and bury them. Same with Overholt, who
Tracy calls Malphas. Sounds fine to me. I look forward
to seeing him again, thanking him for giving me my
daughter back, and then tearing off the top of his head
and pissing in his skull.

I miss Sparks. He was a good guy. Too fierce and
too rough around the edges, but solid in the end. Not
like Tommy, who I hope ate buckshot or fire ora little
of both. I miss Marjorie, too. But Tracy and I will get
back there. She'll see her mother again. And maybe
we'll get down to the Keys like we said. But in the
meantime, we have a job to do, and I won't rest until
we're done.

5

7


«if through my falsehood God's eruthfulness abounds to his
glory, why am I still being condemned as a sinner? And why not
do evil that good may come —as some people slanderously charge

us with saying. Their condemnation is just.
— Romans 3:7-8

This chapter provides tips and tools for you to
create exorcist characters to use as antagonists or
allies — or to even use as the main characters in your
story. Contained within are the means to understand
the mindset and motivations of such exorcists, and
how you can make them fully realized, three-dimen-
sional individuals with means and motive to step up
to the nightmare.

CastinG OUT
Unciean Spiers

What is it in a person that allows him to confront
a demon? It's not a relatively simple thing, like con-
fronting a bully or a parent. Demons are humans stuffed

with ancient souls, powerful beings from beyond our
memories who call to them a deep reservoir of emotion
from all who see them. They are great tempters, seekers
of worship, beautiful and awful in the same body. It isno
small move to go against one of these beings, as battling
the fallen requires a grim determination that most
humans simply do not possess.

DISCOVERY

It begins with the realization that the fallen walk
among humankind. In some fashion, the individual
comes across the knowledge that demons are real. The
knowledge need not be complete. There's nothing
that says a person has to fully understand the nature of
what she confronts. In fact, it's likely that she knows
very little about it, and may not even refer to it as a

70

MnoAne Tira?

Actually, let's first talk about who they aren'
The modern-day equivalent toexorcistsaren'tmem-
bers of some secret organization hell-bent on
ating demons from the face of the Earth.
They aren't the Knights Templar, soldiers of the
Huminati, or uper-hush-hush branch

erad

n some

of the CIA meant to deal with this stuff. They also
aren't the imbued, nor are they Demon Hunter X.

They are, however, everyday people. Plumbers,
accountants, desk jockeys, factory workers, florists,
whatever. Look outside your window and see who's
walking down the street. We're not talking mem-
hers of the Spanish Inquisition. We're looking at
real, honest-to-God members of our society who
have seen, dealt with or even been adversely af-
fected by something that leads them to believe they
have to take up arms against it. In creating an
exorcist character, focus on that "real people" el
ment — these are folks like us. Which, all in all,
makes it a bit scarier, don't you think?

demon at all (one might call it "monster," "beast" ot
even call it by its human name). Somehow or another,
the discovery of the fallen is key — it's up to you to
determine how and why it happens. The horror of the
situation is paramount in the discovery process — be
sure to amp it up. Does the character witness a de-
monic Revelation? Did a demon demand belief from
the character, or worse, total worship? If so, how did
the character escape the gravity of the fallen? How did
she resist the temptation to fall to her knees and begin
babbling adoration' It's also possible that the charac-
ter learned that someone close to her — a family
member, a husband, a best friend — was being used by
a fallen, or worse, became the thrall of such a being
(though remember that a potential exorcist knows
nothing of "thralls," per se). A woman may come
across strange records in a bank statement, or unusual
scribblings in her husband's journal that point to an
individual who would appear to be taking their money
and subverting her husband's mind — and that indi-
vidual would be, of course, a demon. The bottom line
is, you need to puzzle out how suchan encounter would
ur in the first place. How does the exorcist-to-be
realize that demons are real?

CHOICE

Upon the realization that there are monsters extant
in the world, that grand creatures of beauty and pain
stalk the waking and sleeping masses, the character is
faced with a choice. The primary question is, does she do

of

Saviors And DesTROYERS

something about it? But there's a second question con-
tained between the lines of the first —can she forger? It's
acase of action versus inaction. If the character chooses
inaction and decides to continue life as normal or
believes that she can simply push aside the memory that
demons are real, can she truly stay sane? While it's not
universal, most individuals who choose to do nothing
are haunted by their knowledge during the day and
suffer nightmares while they sleep. They may pretend
that everything's all right and they continu
work and playing with their children, but there's always
that unspoken thought running like a mantra through
their minds st, and I did nothing to stop
them." Their guilt is compounded further if their inac-
tion allows a demon to victimize a family member or
loved one. It becomes increasingly difficult to sit idly by
as the fallen temptand cajole (or even rape and murder)
someone close, someone important
usually lose their minds over time, bit by bit.

going to

"Demons e

These characters

Some characters choose action, however. There is
simply no other choice but to do something with this
knowledge. The motivation behind acting is impor-
tant. There are numerous reasons why a character
might begin such a personal crusade. One is the combi-
nation of hate and anger. A character whose family is
taken from her by a fallen (whether they're kidnapped,
murdered, ot just swayed by the divine temptations of
ancient splendor and immortal iniquity) is likely to
develop a strong foundation of hate and/or anger for the
fallen. Itboilsdown toa personal fight: "These monsters
hurt me and mine, so I have to hurt them back

Another possibility is hopelessness and guilt. A
character may not want to confront the fallen in any
fashion. Afterall, that's an intensely frightening propo-
sition. While a character is likely to only get a glimpse
into what the fallen really are, it should be enough to
show him that he is small and weak in comparison. But
still, when hopelessness and guilt come into play, a
character is likely to feel backed into a comer. In
practice, those who feel caged or without options are
likely to lash out, to attac

demon (or all demons) is probably the target. The
character thinks, "I don'thave any other choice. There
are no other options left to me now," and thus an
exorcist is born

, and in this instance the

Consider also religious or spiritual conviction. A
character who is strong in her own personal faith
(especially a character in a missionary religion such as
any of the paths Christianity offers) may take up the
"fight" because it's what her belief demands. The very
idea of demons is probably antithetical to any
character's faith, whether that belief is in Yahweh,
Allah or of pagan or Buddhist ideals. Demons repre
sent evil in most of the religions across the world


Curren Four

(though they occasionally represent enlightenment,
which adds an interesting twist on why a character
might hunt such a being), and a character may go after
the fallen with that very precept in mind. "These
monsters stand in the way of Heaven, and I will do
anything to guide my flock to the Promised Land," a
character may say, and then take up the cause against
such a threat.

Alternately, insanity itself may provide the nec-
essary impetus. Many exorcists lose their minds before
they begin their dismal battle. Sometimes the mind
snaps when faced with a demonic Revelation, but
there are even those zealots who were lunatics long
before they crossed paths with a demon. These exor-
cists are most frightening in their motivations. They
may see demons as any number of things, and will be
driven to deal with them in extreme fashions. Theit
motivations don't often make sense, not even to
themselves. Their derangements (often schizophre-
nia) drive them to go against the fallen with sick
strength of mind, no matter who gets hurt in the
(including themselves).

proces

Dimonsina New Licht

How do the exorcists identify the fallen? Ifyou
were to see the fallen in a display of Faith, would
you automatically identify them as a demon from
Judeo-Christian myth? If you were of Eastern lin-
eage, would you see the creature as a demonic Oni,
a malevolent trickster come to wreak havoc on
man? Every exorcist is likely to see the
something different. This is important to know
because not only will it be how they identify
demons in the future, but it is likely to form the
basis of their research into discovering how to
understand and fight such beings. If they se
demons as just that, they may take the Bible, the
cross and other such Christian elements into ac-
count. If they see itasadybbuk, a demonic creature

len as

out of Judaic lore, they may read the Talmud or
Qabbalistic texts to learn how to fight the crea-
ture. Is the demon an expression of Lilith, the dark

woman of the Garden of Eden? Or is the demon a
follower of Lilitu, the dark owl-woman of Sumerian
lore? Insane exorcists may see a demor
as something out of a fictional book (an H.P.
Lovecraft story, perhaps) or as a genetic experi-
ment gone horribly awry. The bottom line is, a lot
of exorcists won't see the fallen and automatically
identify them as "demons." It's crucial for you to
know what label exorcists apply to these beings,
because it may define their entire way of thinking
to confronting the fallen.

asanalien,

when it comes

CONFRONTATION

Once the "why" is determined, a character must
also decide "how" he goes against the fallen. One way
or another, whether it's conscious or not, an exorcist
character must determine the blueprint he will follow
in this plan, working out all the "rules of engagement"
by which he will operate. Again, this need not be
something an exorcist literally outlines point by point,
but somewhere inside his head he must delineate the
variables of the coming struggle. There are multiple
questions you can answer to help determine this direc-
tion. Does he go against one specific fallen, or does he
take on all of demon-kind? (Does the character even
know there are other demons, or does he believe that
stopping one will be enough?) Is the plan to actually
destroy the fiend, or is another less violent approach
possible? A character could hope to simply convince a
demon to leave him and his loved ones alone, perhaps
even trying to entice the demon witha bribe or force its
hand with a display of religious devotion. There are
even a rare few exorcists who seek to "experiment"
upon the fallen to learn more about them, what they
are, and what makes the monsters tick. Is the character
one of these? Perhaps he's not brave enough to take on
the demon directly and decides that a path of recon-
naissance is the best bet. Or maybe he takes a
behind-the-scenes approach and sabotages the demon!
affairs — hacking into bank accounts, kidnapping
mortal thralls or even going so far as to blow up the
being's limousine. Most exorcists have a plan of attack;
sometimes it's vague, sometimes it's precise. The plan
can change on a whim, but at least it's a place to start.

Example: Clark Hennessy is an antique dealer. His
wife died years ago, leaving him alone with a five-year-old
daughter, Stacy.

Clark gets a lead on an old Victorian home in a
neighboring town. All the previous owner's antiques are
going up for auction. Clark often brings his daughter to
such affairs as he doesn't have the money for a babysitter
so Stacy tags along.

During the auction, Clark encourages the little girl to
stay off to the side and play with her dolls, but at one point
Clark turns, looks and doesn't see his daughter. He goes
to find her and after a long search discovers her upstairs,
in an empty and unused room. There is a woman with
her, and they are holding hands. Both stare into a mirror
that is dazzling with a display of orb-like lights, beautiful
and strange, and the woman whispers something to Stacy
Upon being interrupted, the woman turns toward Clark
and he sees that she is not quite human. Her skin flickers
with a silvery corona, and her eyes are pits of darkness
and starlight. The woman gasps and Clark is left reeling,
clinging to sanity by sheer force of will. By the time he
recovers, the woman is gone and his daughter is left


re

‘Saviors AND DestRovERS

behind, unconscious. He leaves the auction, calls the
police, but nothing comes of it.

Stacy never properly recovers. She has trouble
sleeping, suffers nightmares when she does sleep, and
her temper increases so she has to be taken out of school
and put onto medication. All the while, she keeps talking
about dreams in which she meets a woman with "stars
for eyes." Clark is ripe for stepping onto the exorcist
path. He is afraid of what's happened to his daughter,
and is angry. And so he decides to research more about
this woman. He interviews those who were at the
auction to see if he can get a lead on who she is and where
to find her. When he finds her, he plans to confront her.
He will hurt her only if she won't stop "bewitching" his
daughter with whatever hold she has over his daughter.
And so, his quest begins.

Resisting REVELATION

The Revelation is a demon's expression of its an-
cient self to the world at large, in which the being
eschews its mortal bearing for all who stand near to
witness. Whether the fallen reveals a side of beautiful
glory or grisly malignance, most mortals are at least
caught unawares. Some merely stand, jaws agape, while
others curl up in a fetal position, ranting nonsense. The
characters we're talking about, however, here do not
stand rapt. They do not crumple. In fact, they're usually
left with their memories of the scene intact. But how is
that possible?

One way is to boil the event down to a simple
Willpower roll. If the roll is successful, the character's
mind is strong enough to withstand the vision, and
that's that. This course is especially appropriate for
characters with a high Willpower (7+), as they are most
likely to resist the depredations of a Revelation. It's
encouraged that other factors be considered, though. If
acharacter sees that a loved one is about to be harmed,
or is merely being "used" by a fallen in the display of
power, the character could benefit from a lower diffi-
culty in the Willpower roll. Or you may allow him to be
unilaterally unaffected. The same goes with a strong
spiritual foundation. If the character has powerful reli-
gious convictions (and it need not be a Christian
underpinning), he could receive a decreased difficulty
for any Willpower rolls, or again may be allowed to
forego the roll altogether.

Some demon hunters don't resist the Revelation at
all, and may be the ones who stood by, motionless in awe
or who fell to their knees in babbling worship. These
characters can be mentally "broken" after the fact, and
may become exorcists in retrospect. Their lives may be
haunted by that single moment in a demon's presence.
The dreams and hallucinations that follow could lead
them to a martyr's lifestyle of hunting that which they
don't understand.


Cuaprer Four

Creating Exercists

When it comes down to putting pen to paper and
building an exorcist, there are a few things to consider.
Putting the dots on a character sheet is easy. Exorcists
don't have any special Traits or Backgrounds, and you
can follow the standard point spread for Abilities,
Attributes and Willpower outlined in Demon. What's
more important than the points on the page are the
answers to the questions that define who an exorcist
really is, and what allows her to confront the darkness.
Demon provides a good guide to these questions and
answers in the prelude section, but there are some
specific exorcist-driven possibilities that you might
want to consider.

MHOWAS SHE BEFORE
SHEBECAMEANEXORCIST?

People aren't born hating demons. Most people
pass through life without ever even glimpsing proof
of the fallen working among humanity. The exor-
cists in your game do gain some proof of this reality,
but it's not the sum total of their being. So who were
they before? We encourage you to think of normal
people in moderately mundane professions. Web
designers, mechanics, bike couriers, graphic artists.
You're certainly welcome to make them ex-Green
Berets or secret spies working for some subsection of
the Vatican, but we don't recommend it. That
approach can diminish the real-world feel that comes
with the World of Darkness. Yes, demons exist, but
even they are tempered by the souls of mundane
citizens. The fallen don't always jump into the
bodies of modern-day dragon-slayers or clandestine
government agents.

WHAT MADEHER CONFRONT THEPALLEN?

Something happened, some seminal event in-
volving a demon, to give an exorcist the wherewithal
to battle demons. Some of this motivation is dis-
cussed earlier in the chapter, but it's worth repeating.
Some event occurred and your character decided
that something had to be done. Did something happen
to her family or friends? Did a demon attempt to
influence her directly? Did people have to die to
make her see how truly real the fallen are — or was it
even more sinister, with a loved one falling prey to
mental, physical or sexual predation? It could be
anything. Maybe your character lost a limb in a
demon's Revelation, or maybe the fallen cleaned out
her bank account and now she's pissed. Just make
sure to come up with a reason why your character
dedicates herself to dealing with the supernatural
Exorcists don't do it for fun or profit. It's not a job.
They do what they do because it's personal.

OHATAREHER GOALS?

By goals, we mean hopes associated with demon
hunting and regular life. Did your character want to be
an artist? Did she just want to marry Prince Charming
and have 2.5 kids? Do her normal goals continue to be
attainable after she sets foot on the exorcist's path? As
far as her demon hunting goes, what does she hope to
gain from it? Is it just a twisted form of payback? A lot
of exorcists lose sight of their "old lives" and seek
nothing more than the eradication of demons—which,
in their minds, often translates into physically destroy-
ing the enemy. Some take a religious approach and seek
to undermine any spiritual subversion that demons
commit. But always remember that not all exorcists are
shoot-em-up types, and may not even seek to harm
demons directly. "Exorcist" is a loose term. Some hope
to "cure" demons' souls, restoring the beings' "angel
wings and halos." Or an exorcist might contend with a
demon who was once her own child (or friend, or
father) and seeks to quite literally exorcise the spirit from
her loved one.

The point of this question is, everyone want some-
thing different. Goals, plans, blueprints. Someattainable,
some so farfetched as to never be accomplished in a
single lifetime. It's your job to sketch these out so you
make the exorcists in your game full-fledged characters
and not just hastily penned caricatures.

Exorcists ToGeTHER

Going it alone against the fallen typically leads to
a short-lived crusade. One man against demons? He
won't last long. One man against the darkness? It's a
sure-fire way to get killed — or to lose one's mind.
Exorcists therefore tend to collect in groups. This is
partly due to simple protection. You can't circle the
wagons for defense against invaders if you only have one
wagon. Forging bonds also provides a network of sup-
port. Other exorcists know what you do, who you are
and what you've seen. They believe you. You can tell
them what you've experienced and they won't mock
you or divorce you or have you committed to a mental-
health ward. It's the same principle behind the fact that
a lot of CIA officers marry one another. They're in the
same fight and no one else is capable of (or allowed to)
understand what they really do.

To get down and dirty with a group of exorcists, it's
important to know a lot about them, which can be
discovered by answering a few questions.

Howpo THEU COME TOGETHER?

There are no support groups for demonic victims
like there are for cancer patients. You can't walk down.
to the community college and take a class on demons.
It'sa lonely, paranoid pursuit. So how do these hunters
find each other? Could be that they were all present


during the same infernal event — or, at the least, all go
after the same demon. These people come together
under the banner of a "common enemy." It's not un-
usual for several people who are under the spell of a
demon (or who have passed mostly unharmed through
ademon's Revelation) to band together, not under the
auspice of demon hunting, but under the umbrella of
understanding. It's only later that the need to hunt the
demon grows out of multiple sit-downs with one an-
other, when group members realize that they're the only
ones who have a clue that infernal horror exists. But
there are other ways to come together. Seasoned exor-
cists may devise means to bring others together. Signs
posted around town or cryptic classified ads might draw
in helpers, as might stopping by the local church or
temple and simply "asking around."

WHATIS THEI PURPOSE?

Slaying demons is only one approach. There are
multiple ways in which exorcists can deal with demons:
understanding them, healing their victims, or even
"curing" the demons themselves. And yes, another
option is banishing them, putting them in the ground,
Hell, the Abyss or wherever the infernal came from.
The point is that a group of exorcists is likely to have a
general, unified purpose. One member who wants to kill
and torture demons is unlikely to get along with others
who want to learn about and "save" the beings. Al-
though such contrasting ideals are an option for creating
drama within an exorcist group, consider what happens
when their purposes deviate, either from the beginning
or over time. Group members may come together under
acommon banner, but once they start traveling sepa-
rate paths, can they remain together as a group? And if
they do, will it cause them to be killed, enslaved or
worse? And that leads to the next question...

ZARE THERE ANUINNER CONPLICTS?

Purpose brings individuals together, but conflicts
can drive a group apart. No social unit is complete
without conflict; it's a simple fact of life. Even living
with other humans causes conflict, so imagine what
happens when you have a bunch of half-crazed demon
hunters banding together. Disagreements happen. Do
ideological rifts separate members? Half the group might
decide that purging the demonic plague is the only sane
approach, while the other half may still see humanity in
demons and seek to stoke that glimmer to aid in the
creatures' "salvation." It's possible that one exorcist
simply goes mad and believes the others are "demons"
and must be "punished."

And that leads toa whole other possibility: Demon
hunters stare into the Abyss, metaphorically speaking,
so how long is it before the Abyss manifests in them? In
other words, when you're that close to demons, it's easy

Saviors AND DestROYERS

tofall prey to their temptations. What happens when an
exorcist secretly sells her soul toademon? Or what if she
was a demonic thrall from the very beginning? Sud-
denly you havea group that acts very much like the men
in John Carpenter's The Thing — never totally trusting
one another, always waiting for a buddy to prove a
traitor. Internal weakness is a source of dramatic ten-
sion for a group. When demons sniff out such fractures,
the infernal might drive wedges between exorcists.

GoINGIT ALONE,

As stated earlier, it's the rare demon hunter who
can survive night after night all by his lonesome. If he
doesn't get killed, he goes nuts before long. Without the
support system of a group (supplying money, morale,
weapons), a lone exorcist just doesn't last

But that doesn't mean you don't want to use one as
an adversary for demon characters. A lone exorcist is
likely to be extremely dangerous in the short run —
probably crazy, willing to do anything to get the job
done. And introducing single antagonist allows you to
concentrate on his identity alone. If there are a dozen
different plot threads running through your chronicle,
you may not have the time or energy to create a whole
group of hunter adversaries. So, feel free to work with a
single individual — a lone gunman, as it were — to
throw against the demons. Just remember that the
individual exorcist acts differently than does a group of
them. Lone wolves burn the candle at both ends, flaring
like a supernova. By contrast, groups act in moderation,
balanced by different personalities. A single exorcist
has no voices (except maybe the three or four in his own.
head) to temper his activities, and he often displays a
lunatic approach to "the hunt."

REALITUSUcKs

This should be obvious, but it's worth stating any-
way: Being an exorcist is not an easy or simple job. In
fact, it's not even a job. There's no paycheck, no
vacation time. No timecard to punch, no boss from
whom to take orders. But there are countless, real-world
pitfalls that an exorcist might come across.

‘THe AUTHoriviEs

Demons have powers. Any demon that shows its
apocalyptic form is dangerous, because it can draw the
attention of other supernatural forces (demons, hunt-
ers, whomever) — but rarely do demons worry about
mortal authorities. The fallen often have powers of
command — a lure in their voice, a preternatural
demand allowing them to dominate the weak-minded.
Just "acquired" Faith in a nightclub and left an acciden-
tal body count? Asademon, there will be complications,
but you'll probably be free to go by the end of the night.


Civerer Four

DLAUINGAN Exorcist CHARACTER

What happens if someone wants to play an
exorcist characterin your Demon game? Do you let
them? What are the advantages — and disadvan-
tages — of doing so?

"irst, the disadvantages. Crossover games don't
usually work. Characters with wildly different men-
talities often clash too often to make the story
worthwhile. Consider it — a demon hunter and a
demon fighting together? Not a likely occurrence.

ditional enemies are likely to try to kill
each other by the second or third session, which
tends to interrupt the narrative flow that you as
Storyteller hope to create.

But let's remember the old adage: opposites
attract. Itcan be true for your game. An exorcist may
work with a group of Redeemer fallen in hopes of
learning from them, or even to aid them against a
greater, darker, common enemy. There is also the
possibility of forming an alliance here as the two
opposing sides come together to find a greater goal
that outweighs their differences. Maybe they go
after a particularly cruel Earthbound or maybe an

xorcist seeks to aid a fallen in her "salvation."

Another adage rings true: The enemy of my

"ve said before, not all
exorcists seek to destroy demons. There's potential
for hunter-demon interaction. The advantages to
this approach are simple — it fosters diversity in
your stories and creates dramatic tension. Provided
it doesn't self-destruct your plot, having two semi-
opposing character typesiin a group can create some
really clever moments in your game and make fora
larger, more powerful story.

Alwar member that, as Storyteller, the op-
tion is up to you. If your chronicle doesn't support
such crossover, then don't allow it. But if you think
it's worthwhile, try it out.

Demon hunters aren't so lucky. E
mortal men and women. They have no special pow-
ers. They can't explain to the officer-in-charge,
"Sir, I was merely avenging my husband's death at
the hands of a creature who may have been around
since the dawn of time." That kind of story will get
the exorcist thrown in jail (or a padded cell). As a
result, one of the most common pitfalls to active
demon hunters is mortal authorities. Cops, FBI
agents, even the CIA and police in other countries.
Nobody likes a lunatic armed with a crossbow and
an iron cross, no matter what "holy battle" he claims
to fight. So how do your exorcists manage to avoid

xorcists are

the long arm of the law? How covert can they get?
Do they have allies on the police force? Is one of
them a cop (or agent) herself? If they're going to be
successful antagonists, you need to know why they
haven't been arrested already, and how they might
avoid it in the future.

Hravrntazanps

Exorcists get hurt. It's a natural result of fighting
demons. The fallen are much stronger and quicker,
with body modifications straight out of horror mov-
ies. Exorcists are bound to get beaten up — anything
from a gash across a cheek to a broken shin to a
sucking chest wound. How do exorcists get medical
attention? Sure, a job provides medical insurance,
but can an exorcist manage a full-time job along with
ademon-hunting habit? Ifhe can't, he can always pay
for his health insurance monthly — but that's costly,
and if he doesn't have a job, where the hell does he
get money? But we'll talk about that one in a mo-
ment. Medical problems pose another glitch in an
exorcist's plan. Say a demon hunter is shot and has to
go to the hospital. Now we have to bring in the
previous problem, the authorities. Hospital workers
are required to report violence-induced injuries such
as gunshot and stab wounds. And if an exorcist has to
be driven from the scene in an ambulance, remember
that the remnants of demonic carnage are unlikely to
be pretty. Linking the demon hunter with that mess
is a sure-fire guarantee that the police ask some very
pointed questions.

Tr CIAL PROBLEMS

We've already stated that it's not exactly an
thing for an exorcist to hold down a 9-to-5 job while
hunting demons. It may be possible to manage part-
time or freelance work. (There should be downtime in
their crusades, as fighting the fallen isn't a moment-
to-moment struggle. Demons don't exist in cockroach
numbers, and months could pass before a hunter gets
another solid lead.) But still, once the demon hunt-
ing gets back into motion, the "old" job is likely to fall
by the wayside, getting the exorcist fired or black-
listed. Still, the question remains — how does he get
money? An exorcist's resources are exhaustible. Food
only lasts so long. Hotel rooms are only for a night.
Nine-millimeter bullets aren't re-usable. Then there
are those medical expenses mentioned earlier. So
how does he do it? If a job doesn't work, maybe he
steals from the fallen or their thralls — or even from
normal citizens. It's not a far cry for a long-standing
exorcist to adopt the mindset, "I'm battling things
that normal people can't, and they owe me." Once
you steal and kill demons (who look like humans),
the criminal mindset may come easily.


097 "d ‘uowag
908 ‘s1oaya slay puL sjuataSuesap Jo sada quad}
-JIP Uo VOR WUTIOJU! axOU Jog "tse 40 UOIS! A
pug ‘sowlayy Jaa] se Yons suoMeD0Aa Jo 8199}J9

ay Bunsisar 10 (7¢7 "d ‘uowag das) yaBuang Jo

qa, WSU} "UONL|PAdyf Jos199}J9 94 ISIS91 01
sidwane are ]Jor anod}]14\ & SuuINbar suopenas
jo saduexg "uonarssip s.layjarsoig aya aw quaU

-asiueiop Aavroduiay & ures Av Ja.gETeYD ay {YD10q
¥ SE ansou oy pue |Jor Jomody]A\ v saunas yey
uoHeENas & YALA pare] s} ISIDIOXo UL JBAIUIY
-ainssaid ssapudjar op zapun
yeauq_ udyp ‘pudg 02 surBaq purw asosuons oy
UD JOAQ "ISPIW A}oyp UF Suypry suowap ay.
asurese saajasuiaya id Aaya se uonvauidap pur yINs
"avaj Jo a1vas WLISUO-1vIU & UT IAT] SISIDIOXT,

SENUWHDN I DNININD)

uoAd

1uop siaquN}Y jsiersuow! 1YyBy 02 EWA JBA0 asn pue
dojeaop Aaya op sonoea pur sjoor IY (AJoreIpowrUT
Surdp anoypIM ssauyLep dY2 TOAFUOD 8ySTDI0Xa OP MO}
{aE oge 08 NOK op MOY Og "aN]> BU UAAd 198 3,UOp NOA
oR} Uy ‘sapaeq auesUT INOA YS 02 paou NOA sap! pue
swiaiy ayp ]]e SurureqUOd Xog]oo & 398 3,UOp Nox -uoK
-dyiosap gof e yal awio> 2,usaop as1o10x9 Ue BuTEg
TIGNY) 2 YOO] "TTA
"ssauisng jo are aye 02 quinjd Aew auoawos retp syadap
atp dsex3 Ayn q]Aayp pue Asiosoxe atp jo UoMNJoas
-aparp ssountm sronoeeyp s1oAejd ayp 97] Bupwuysoq oy
Ur ou asea] 12 — Kem BYP 7, US! OY ISIOIOXa Ue TUAsaId
02s} wWa}qoud avy? 02 UOHINJOS BUG "WHY 10} APpoInb awoo
Aeut a1 pue istuoseque ap 10} rey ApUO arp aq Aews ypeacy
"duo SUNT] Y]NY v 9q OU Ae IT ANg ‘s1dAepd oy 01 oBUaTTEYD
e quasaid eur aue3 Mo 0 au SulonponuT
pue udu uayo1g Iso] 214, "yeqded Jo aser aI]
8 a8 02 (UaIpP]IYD UMO Hot SuIpnput) SurypAraaa soy
-uoes 1ys1w Ady] "IYsy Adyp dAdt]aq Aatp siaysuOW oy
ueyp snonsuiour axour aq wed siauNy jo sadia asoy_L,
a8e1 JO]PPL-]eHIAs & Ur AUT
pue spuary ‘sare syayoereyo e siopanw pure sainqi07
Ajpeoneuiarsds ay 10 ‘UoULap ap 7e 198 02 stUapnas No
Suryer sureas qof-anu siya pue — Jooyps yBry Jed] ay
Je spperyp argy B sey stax deIeYD Uay]ey s,dno3B Ino jo auO
age "U2zZa¢ Jo 20] UYOL 10 moKy asdepoody Jo zany,
JaUEIOD ay!] 9g PROD sisiou0x9 9UOS-Avm asdUyL
ayp s8urp op o2 Suypa soya rayuNY euENxe oWos
YUM [Rap 02 sdIOXa ODM OND e WY dA18 ‘A]OI],
Asea Anaad 91 pey aavy siaoereyd uowp J] "JoIDeIeYD
Jo 9142s quaIayIp Boys v 103 a4,NoA mou "Ta; [EYAL
aya — Aryuesur Yo pjoy 2,Wed $3s}910X9 SWTIaWOS

UaTOM

SUA LOMLSAC| ANY SHOLNG

‘ssoupettt OU! SuOTpeay,
SurSunjd woy day o1eypoa anjosqy pue xeuey dn3duyq
-qo8 sv aqeiadsap sv 10 1ystesis uo peay s,9u0 daay 01
dure s,Sepung yorem or Suraey se Az se Suryacue aq
pafayy sio1dvIWYD BuNAsoxO7UI 10y soyeUU I 9sNVIIq
ogye ang ‘siaideIeYyD UOWSp YIM UONDeIOIUT ATOY JO}
{oy $31 asne9aq <qUO 10U ‘a\oUy 02 IULIZOdUUT s,3] ;AaTHES
02 Sur]2 02 a]doad asayp soy 29]INo wy A "IySIU 9p Jo
sinoy Yep ayp Ur BuNUAaUO? aq UeD ssaULEUO] asuAIUT
jo Surjaoj ayy ;Aovuny Yo davis sony op MOF

ued 2:

-apisut Aeave pay9o] 1
day Aatp jt Aem due papeay ar Aaup arayar ag 1ystU ey
ang "Jyehrens SuNay- |]! we wt sey dn punog 193 01 ons
a1Aatp Jo asuas jespoydeiour & URYp Jetpo SunpAue
ur suowsp Sununy anoge y]er pue uorssas Adesoyp
& WUT 08 2,URD ssioIOXa Ing "dn BuTyPAraAa Bu1P10q
Jou ‘swa]gord areys 01 Anjiqe ayp st aues ajdoad sdaay
yeyp sBuryp ayp Jo auE "Aarues s,astosoxe Ue JoYe#02
spjoy 2eyp anj3 oy Aeme yea 01 areas Ae UDT]Ey yp YALA
s1aqunodtia TUarsIsuOd IU 118804 5,3] "Uapy jo wapIeO,
ay) WoY Ysayy aim Soy A]IIaNP suoWAp YW Yeap
suewiny aun ae] ay] ‘PuEYyardutos or UEAUE I,UATe
sjeuour 19y20 IweyA sBuIYA saz1UB0daI SDIOXa UY
DLINVG

-sisiouoxa BuIpnpur
‘Apuney sey Apoqdaeaa reyp roquiowios ‘suaddey 1949
ARYA S|EAGA OYA Jo auO (JayLOW 10 apm 10) JIYBNEP
sasiouoxa ayp aye vada Aoyp sdeyrog {yim pay
Butaq areisaidde 3,uop Aay IeYp asOIOXa aya Moys
on Aiuey aya wey Ady og jsoruNY ays asuIese drys
SurureBieq & se Ayruey ap asn Aay og jop siaisereYD
auf op 2ey A) "sINOquaxoYA s,ueLE dU UF parsazIUT 449A
soya Cnunf e sey apis sit UT WOU IUaasisiad e U99q
soya sovuny ayp ey? Ino puy siordeIeYD UOWLAp UoYar
suaddey rym auyseuy "awed ano uy oor ¥ aq mou
ued Aqruey ay ‘Apueuodun soy "Butoq uBWNY [ead
‘ajqupaud ese gaz dere YD atp Yst}qeIso NOK "(9UIOAq P|NOD
Ayrurey ay 2eYA a]Deasqgo oYp puw) AyrWEY sasiorOXe BY
yal Burpeap Ag "St astoz0xa ue oyn Uo disB snag & Nod
Soat a Usury "Aseq j19]Ja1d40Ig aU ‘Nok 40} IURBOdUIT
StS} MOP] "TIPpe Ue 10 xuNgp & Aprasdasst as1D40xe ay JT
se ,UORUaAIOIUT,, Ue BUIBeIS se 4zy Os BUIOS UdAd aqAvu
‘paajoaut 198 soul ‘parsezaqurUN Jo JURIOUBT UTEWIET
01 1UaIUOD aq [Noa soHURJ oWOS oY Puy

sua] Surdjusewi e sapun
azam squawidopanap JI se saas Apruey ay "(moJaq sty UO
d40uL) Aze19 SUIO$ s1seIS 10 NY S1—B as!IIOX aU Jt SN]q
[00g A8ojOUOWIAp YALA JaysYOog Woorpreg ap 9401s
pure aun & ae siYBIU pe19Aas JO} INO S903 ,pep,, Udya
seoniou pur dn spied ou Jo Wun WUy-aso]9 v JYPAYyA
‘Apureg zy} 10 JBYIOW ‘Spr{
a,Us90p 3sIoU0xe ue Bulag "AsoSaIwd ,wa|god,, ay. UT
wiaya UND ;AjuTey s,la7UNY UOWAp B Inge YA

NUWV I

‘ayia ayp Aq apyps asnf


Civrrer Four

know demons' true weaknesses, but demons sure as hell
know the weaknesses of mortals. Still, over time, exor-
cists may actually manage to gather some ideas, whether
by stumbling across them through sheer luck and good
fortune or by learning them from other more "seasoned"
exorcists. Here are a few tricks and tools an exorcist may
harness to combat the denizens of Hell

CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS

Crude and requiring little finesse, conventional
weapons (anything from a baseball bat to a double-
barreled shotgun) are probably one of the first tools to
which a zealous hunter resorts. After all, if you were
confronted with the evil of a demon, what would you
turn to? You might try to kill the damn thing. Shoot it.
Stab it. Smash its head. After all, it looks human most
of the time. Maybe it has human weaknesses. Novice
exorcists are likely to grab for the .38 snubnose in the
closet or even a standard kitchen knife.

Ofcourse, hunters eventually learn that there are a
few problems with such plans. One, they just don't work
a lot of the time. Demons are hardy. Should they
choose, they can heal pretty fast. They also have myriad
powers at their disposal to make themselves strong, fast
and resistant to damage.

Two, fire rounds off and youattract attention. Sure,
this is the World of Darkness and squeezing off a few

shots in the inner city doesn't bring a SWAT team
down on you (in fact, the cops probably stay the hell
away). Anywhere else, however, and you may just put
up a big, red flag screaming, "Hey, I'm a criminal!"
That's bad news. An incarcerated exorcist isa useless —
and vulnerable — one

Three, an exorcist who gets involved in a firefight
learns the hard and fast way that she doesn't have
superpowers. She's utterly vulnerable. Unmitigated vio-
lence is a sure-fire way to not kill a demon and to get
yourself hurt in the process.

ReELiGious DEAPONS

The concept of fighting "demons" is one rooted
soundly in the religions and mythologies of the
world. One may turn — knowingly or unknowingly
— toward the tools used in these religions to fight
such beings. There are some basic tools an exorcist
might grab for — a Bible, holy water, a cross. Many
exorcists, faithful or not, seek out these tools be-
cause... well, it just makes sense. But the tools of a
Christian exorcism may not be the only ones to
which a demon hunter can turn. Any symbol of
faith might be sought out — a Star of David, Bud-
dhist prayer beads or even the New Age exorcism
ingredients of a Bell, Book and Candle. And some of
these weapons are effective.

~


Some exorcists may grow too reliant upon such
tools, though, overestimating their value. These items
are only so useful against a demon. While they may be
one component used in defeating the enemy, they alone
do not stop a demon. Luring a demon into a church or
holding a crucifix toward the creature doesn't banish
the thing back to the Abyss. The effort may cause a
demon to falter, but that's about it. For more details on
the effects of sacred or blessed items as weapons against
the fallen, see Demon, p. 254.

Nonx- VIOLENCE

There are many times when direct confrontation
with the fallen is not the best course of action for an
exorcist. Even exceptional mortals are often hopelessly
outclassed by a demon in its apocalyptic form, and few
demon hunters live to regret underestimating their oppo-
sition. When challenging and banishing the fallen is out
of the question, there are still a variety of indirect and
non-violent tactics that demon hunters can use to hinder
or derail demons' activities. Ifa demon depends heavily
on her thralls for interaction with the modern world,
those pawns can be reported to the police for real or
imagined crimes, be harassed mentally with phone calls
and emails, or be physically threatened. Ifan exorcist has
connections with local or federal government, she can
wreak havoc on the demon's mortal life, subjecting him
to IRS audits, criminal investigations or the loss of vital
records. ("Sir, my computer says your driver's license is
expired. Please step out of the car.") Not every demon is
able to influence mortal minds at will, fix a broken car or
rebuild a burned-down home. Virtually none can address
all of these situations at once. Even small obstacles
thrown in a fallen's path can accumulate to the point
where the demon is too busy sorting out its personal
affairs to trouble innocent people. While such tactics
might not result in a glorious victory by any standards,
demon hunters often take what they can get.

REDEMPTIO

In this day and age, we constantly try to shift blame
and fault away from individuals, creating a veritable
culture of victims. We don't fight drug addicts, we help
them with therapy. Even with criminals, we walk a line
between punishment and rehabilitation. These same
tactics can be applied to demons as well. Some believe
that the fallen (and their thralls) aren't in control of
themselves. They didn'task to become monsters, and as
such do not need to be punished so much as they need
tobe helped (ina manner that doesn't include shooting
them). Some hunters actually try to talk to demons, to
ask questions and try to offer a degree of salvation — or
even just a willing ear or shoulder. This approach may
work in some cases. Not all demons are infernal mon-
sters hell-bent on corrupting the world (in fact, players'

Saviors anp Desrrovers

characters probably aren't). Many demons are willing
to talk, listen and learn. Offering redemption is a hard
and dangerous road for an exorcist, however. It makes
them vulnerable to temptation. They may not even
notice that they are being taken advantage of in their
expressed "sympathy." Or they may simply make the
mistake of trying to be too touchy-feely with a real
infernal son ofabitch. The "therapy" angle ends harshly
as the exorcist's head goes bouncing across the floor.

Wrarons oF Farrit

There are, of course, ways for a mortal to really hurt
ademon: blessed items, prayers, sacred ground, binding
rituals. The problem with these weapons is, your aver-
age human doesn't know diddly about them— and
hence, neither do most exorcists. It's not exactly com-
mon knowledge that possessing a demon's True Name
gives you power over the beast.

That's not to say, however, that an industrious
exorcist couldn't get a glimpse into these weapons. A
hunter who really digs into demonology —be it through
the library or the Internet — may find out that, sure,
knowing a demon's actual name might give you power.
Or that a certain ritual or prayer might hold a demon at
bay or even cause it to run from you in fear. But then,
how the hell does one discover a demon's True Name?
Where do you find one of these banishing prayers? It's
true that a high Occult score indicates that a character
knows where to start, and might allow him to gather a
few effective weapons. But most exorcists are normal
people (cab drivers, accountants, housewives), and
normal people don't often have any inkling of what
"occult" means, much less possess dots in the Occult
Ability. A scant few (clergy, professors, librarians) may
holda point or two, butonly enough to have afew pieces
of the puzzle.

Yet some exorcists have access to holy items, special
prayers or blessed ground. It's uncommon, and many of
these individuals have come across these "true" weap-
‘ons accidentally or by a stroke of good fortune, but it
happens nevertheless.

RESEARCH

A good exorcist doesn't come upon the "true weap-
ons" by force of luck alone. While it's possible that a
good tool or tactic will land in an exorcist's lap, finding
a blessed arsenal of prayers and weapons ultimately
takes research. Exorcists, whether antagonists, allies or
players' characters, should never automatically bearmed
with the "tools of the trade." Acquiring them is a long,
slow process that involves lots of time in the library
poring over dusty books, interviewing old clergy and
performing reconnaissance on the fallen themselves.


Cuarter Four

Researching information on prayers and blessed
relics, and sifting through myth and legend for reliable
dataon combating demons is performed with a standard
Intelligence + Research roll (or Intelligence + Occult,
at the Storyteller's discretion). The difficulty is depen-
dent on the degree of access the researcher has to
sources of potentially useful information. A demon
hunter with religious connections and access toa wealth
of literature about demonology would face a difficulty of
6 or less, based on the quality of the information
available. A hunter with access toa large secular library
in a major city such as London or New York would face
a difficulty of 7. Access to a modest town library or the
personal collection of one or more individuals might
present a difficulty of 8. Sifting through the morass of
lies, distortions and urban legends on the Internet poses
a difficulty of 9 or 10.

Even with access to sources of useful information,
the challenge of unearthing the right knowledge is
tedious and time-consuming, often requiring hours,
days or weeks to track down arcane references and
sources. Depending on the specificity and obscurity of
the information the exorcist seeks, set a target number
of successes that the player must gain in an extended
Research roll. Asa rule of thumb, a Research roll can be
made for every four hours of uninterrupted research the
character performs, although you can adjust that rate
depending on the circumstances. Constant interrup-
tions might call forone roll every day, while investigation
into very basic information might justify rolls every
hour. Willpower points can be spent to gain automatic
successes if the player wishes. Additionally, if more than
one character searches for the same information, the
successes of any Research rolls are combined.

Searching for a short prayer to help fortify an
exorcist's faith in her mission may call for a relatively
small number of successes — 10 to 15 perhaps, which
can be gained in a few long days' searching through
library archives. By contrast, learning the location of an
ancient arrow said to be able to pierce the heart of a
demon to "send it back to Hell" might require an
enormous research target, perhaps 50 or even 100,
which could only be achieved through weeks or months
of hard-core investigation. (Note that players, whether
their characters are exorcists looking for tools or fallen
looking for the vulnerabilities of their own existence,
should never be told the number of successes they need.
Itshould be a mystery. You can give them a clue so they
don't feel like they're spinning their wheels, but know-
ing a specific target number takes some of the mystery
out of the process.)

Keep in mind, however, that the research process
should never be watered-down to tedious dice rolling.
As the Storyteller, you should be willing to do a little

invention or research yourself so you can throw out bits
of information and "flavor" (perhaps parts of an actual
prayer or descriptions of a real holy object that existed
in the Middle Ages) to help give the players a sense of
richness and mood. For instance, don't just tell them,
"Okay, you've achieved seven successes, so you're closer
to finding that prayer." Describe it to them. "Seven
successes? You find a scrap of old parchment tucked
away in a witch-hunter's manual written in the 17th
century. It contains a broken translation from an apoc-
ryphal text called The Gospel of the Presence." Then you
can go on to provide the actual bits of broken text.

SACRED OBJECTS

There are many objects spread across the globe that
may aid in the war against the fallen. Some may be
small, simple items such as fragments of the True Cross
that help to repel demons. Others might be massive
weapons to turn against the infernal — perhaps a
Nepalese kukri blade inscribed with sutras (prayers) that
is capable of doing aggravated damage to any fallen.
Learning the location of holy objects, as outlined above,
requires a specified number of successes gained in ex-
tended Intelligence + Research rolls. Very few objects
require less than 25 successes. Below are two sample
holy items

Nansta Mepacor St. Benepicr

At the turn of the millennium, AD 1000, the
Italian town of Nursia was beset by a sorcerer who
conjured demons. Many were tempted into darkness,
and those who would not fall sway were murdered in the
town square while the rest slept. The townsfolk prayed
for some kind of abjuration of darkness. One morning,
after the people of Nursia felt that all was lost, small,
coin-sized medals appeared hanging inside doorways on
thick twine. Each medal had two inscriptions. The first
was CRUX SANCTI PATRIS BENEDICTI, ot "The
Cross of the Holy Father Benedict." (St. Benedict, a
renowned miracle-worker and exorcist, was born in the
town in 480.) The other was NON DRACO SIT MIHI
DUX, or "May the Dragon never be my guide." The
image was the same on both sides, featuring a man in
monk's robes wielding a cross to ward off bodiless
demons (only their faces could be seen). Those who
wore the medals were immune to demonic powers and
could not be swayed or harmed by the creatures afflict-
ing the town. It is said that of the approximately 100
medals that "blessed" the households of Nursia, only 13
remain in the modern age.

System: Those who wear a medal have no auto-
matic protection. Spendinga Willpower point, however,
creates a specific effect that lasts for a single scene. The
medal confers the ability to ignore all mental effects of
ademon's Revelation and allows the bearer to ignore all


80.

lore powers that have mind-controlling effects. The
medal does not stop any form of physical damage or
bodily harm caused by a demon. A Nursia medal has a
research target of 60.

Kia Corn Prur Ba)

Thekilaisa ritual dagger used most often in conjunc-
tion with liturgy and prayer spoken from the Tibetan
Book of the Dead. Most of these objects reside in muse-
ums, but there are a few in the hands of private collectors
—and exorcists. It's a dagger with a handle longer than
the blade. The blade itself is a wide, short "arrowhead" of
steel with gilded snakes (ornagas) winding to the tip. The
handle is decorated with crocodiles (or makara). At the
pommel is the frightening head and face of the deity
Vajrakilaya, whose eyes are inlaid with bright turquoise.
The blade was used in "cutting" ceremonies, which rarely
involved actual bloodletting, but was waved over those
who felt they were possessed by demons or afflicted by
evil. The item was a real weapon when used against
demons (and thus is to the fallen today). Demons struck
by the dagger howled in pain as the weapon "stole" part
of their divine nature.

System: The dagger is heavy to wield; using it
requiresa Dexterity + Melee roll, difficulty 8 to hit. The
dagger inflicts lethal damage equal to the wielder's
Strength +1. A Willpower roll (difficulty 7) can also be
made on behalf of the dagger's wielder each time the
weapon inflicts damage on a demon. Each success
removes one temporary Faith point from the wounded
fallen. Willpower cannot be spent to diminish a target's
Faith. A kila has a research target of 35.

PRAUERS AND RITUALS

There are many abjurations, oaths, prayers and
rituals that have multiple effects against the fallen —
repelling them, confusing them, even doing physical
harm to their mortal shells. The trick is in uncovering
these prayers and rituals. Each abjuration has a research
target associated with it — some are easier to find than
others. The Catholic Rite of Exorcism is a fairly com-
mon prayer, and hasa research target of 10. Meanwhile,
the Sumerian ritual of the Surma Masu (the origin of the
scapegoat premise, in which a goat was sacrificed to
draw a demon's soul away) has a target number of 50
And that doesn't figure in the task of translating
Sumerian. Below are two sample abjurations to help in
the fight against the fallen.

Pragenor Sr. MICHAEL THE ARCHANGEL
This prayer, often used in conjunction with actual
exorcisms, can be found in abbreviated form to aid
exorcists locked in spiritual battle with the fallen.
"O Most Glorious Prince of the Heavenly Armies, St
Michael the Archangel, defend us in the battle and in our

Saviors And Destroyers

wrestling against principalities and powers, against the rulers
of the world of this darkness, against the spirits of wickedness
in the high places. Come to the aid of men, whom GOD
created incorruptible, and to the Image of His own Likeness
He made him; and from the tyranny of the devil He bought
him at a great price.

"Fight the battles of the Lord today with the Army of the
Blessed Angels, as once thou didst fight against Lucifer, the
leader of pride, and his apostate angels; and they prevailed
not: neither was their place found anymore in Heaven. But
that great dragon was cast out, the old serpent, who is called
the Devil and Satan, who seduceth the whole world. And he
was cast unto the earth, and his angels were thrown down
with him.

"Behold, the ancient enemy and murderer strongly
raises his head! Transformed into an angel of light, with the
entire horde of wicked spirits he goes about everywhere and
takes possession of the earth, so that therein he may blot out
the Name of GOD and of His Christ and steal away, afflice
and ruin into everlasting destruction the souls destined for
a Crown of Eternal Glory. On men depraved in mind and
corrupt in heart the wicked dragon pours out like a most
foulriver, the poison of his villainy, a spirit of lying, impiety
and blasphemy; and the deadly breath of lust and of all
iniquities and vices

"Be present with the people of GOD and against the
spiritual wickedness which are bursting in upon them; and
bring them the victory."

System: Upon reciting this prayer, an exorcist may
regain any temporary Willpower points lost, thus re-
storing up her pool. This invocation can be used in this
manner only once per week. The research target of the
prayer is 15.

Zan RivuaL

In some third-world countries, the modern "en-
lightened" mind has yet to brainwash the masses to
cease their belief in the supernatural. Some African
cultures, for instance, still purport that wizards and
demons act in accord (or in opposition) to their every-
day lives. One ritual was developed over time by a group
often called the Zar cult. It was used by abused and
estranged females to cast demons out of husbands. The
ritual, which originated in Somalia and was later found
in Egypt and Haiti, involved capturing the possessed
(ie. a fallen) and binding him physically so he was
unable to move. A variation could involve wounding
the "demon" to the point of immobility.

The woman fasted for 12 hours, and then danced for
12 more. These 24 hours of abuse culminated in a
trance-like state for both performer and possessed, with
the intent of casting out spirits from the subject.

System: The dance need not be performed by a
woman, but the dance muststill be preceded by 12 hours


Carrer Four

without food and sleep. That first 12 hours is broken
down into three Stamina rolls, each roll representing
four hours of deprivation. The first roll is difficulty 6, the
second difficulty 7, and the third is difficulty 8. If any of
these fail, the performer succumbs to desire and either
eats or sleeps (unless a Willpower point is spent). Ifany
of the rolls result in a botch, the exorcist passes out.

The dance itself is broken down into three Stamina
+ Athletics rolls — the first is difficulty 7, the second 8
and the third 9. Failing any of these rolls indicates that
the dance fails and the whole process must begin anew.
Botching any of these rolls incurs two levels of bashing
damage from exhaustion. The ritual does not exorcise a
demon precisely, but it guarantees that fora period of 12
hours following the dance, if the demon's host body is
killed, the demon cannot jump to a body or object and
is thus automatically banished back to the Abyss. This
ritual has a research target of 85.

Extremes Lactics

How far are exorcists willing to go? In the begin-
ning, they probably don't know the answer to that
question themselves. They may go gunning forademon
and find out the hard way that they'll either get their
asses handed to them ina paper sack, or may not be able
to track down their adversary at all, always staying one
step behind. But when they do catch up, when they
realize that it's not going to be a cakewalk, how far are
they willing to go to take care of business? Figure it out,
because demon characters are the ones who will bear
the brunt of exorcists' "devotion."

Are hunters willing to murder? Torture? How mon-
strous can they become without sacrificing their own
souls? Or do they view such commitment as the end
justifying the means, believing that damning their own
souls may be the only way to save countless others? Do
they capture a demon's thrall — or even just an ally or
loved one? Do they torture the victim mentally and
physically to find out where the demon is? Are they
capable of going so far as leaving a trail of bodies for a
demon to follow, the bodies of individuals whom the
demon considers important? It's also possible that exor-
cists won't go these lengths at all, and consider
themselves moral and upstanding people who refuse to
start down that slippery slope of ethical destruction. But
if these hunters won't use extreme tactics, how long can
they truly last?

Savina Sous

Is it possible to save the human soul of a demon's
host body? Is the human soul even there anymore, or is
it just the memory of the mortal's mind clinging to the
skin? As Storyteller, this is something you need to

consider. If in your chronicle a mortal soul still exists
inside a host, submerged deep below the demon's clearly
dominant persona, or if you decide that it's possible to
call the soul back into the vessel and evict the demon,
then you might want to consider the possibility of an
actual exorcism in your game. This is not an easy task.
It's not something that can be handled with a few dice
rolls and some game time. This is a serious endeavor,
and it should be handled with as much gravitas as
possible. This is a battle for a being's soul — both
demonic and human. While systems are involved (see
below), the gain and/or loss should be played out with
intense and serious roleplaying.

CHrisTIAN Exorcism

Exorcism in the Christian religion is largely a Catho-
lic affair — the other branches of Christianity do not
tend to include "exorcism" asan actual ritual. A Catholic
exorcism is long, sometimes requiring a whole night or
occasionally even days of ritual. It's typically performed
byapriest or bishop and involves the recitation of certain
prayers in repetition (these are actually different for every
priest, but they usually include readings from the Gospel
of John, the Prayer of St. Michael the Archangel, and
Psalm 67). The ceremony can begin with, "In the Name
of Jesus Christ, our God and Lord, strengthened by the
intercession of the Immaculate Virgin Mary, Mother of
God, of Blessed Michael the Archangel, of the Blessed
Apostles Peter and Paul and all the Saints (and powerful
in the holy authority of our ministry), we confidently
undertake to repulse the attacks and deceits of the devil."
It can continue on with an echoed prayer (answered by
a secondary priest or by the single priest) exhorting the
Devil to leave the body through the invocation of the
name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

Jupaic Exorcism

Technically, the act of exorcism in Western tradi-
tion began before Christ, with wandering Jewish men
called exorkistes who traveled and cast out demons for
money, favors or recognition of their "holy status." The
chief characteristic among Jewish exorcisms was a rep-
etition of the names of all the good angels. Names were
key in the mythology and magic of early Judaism, and
the act of exorcism was no different. It was also believed
that Solomon had crafted certain formulas in his mas-
tery of demon banishment, many of which were based
on numerology, language and Qabbalistic writings. It
was believed that demons could sometimes be extri-
cated from the possessed and cast into mundane objects
or simple animals. Then the objects could be destroyed
or the animals killed, thus harming the demons in the
process. Other elements of this style of exorcism were
readings from the Talmud and other books such as the
Sefer ha-Razim (the Book of Secrets).

81

Easterns Exorcism

Discussing all of the exorcistic rituals of the East
could fill 10 books; the practice is common among the
primary and splinter religions and philosophies of East-
ern thought. Buddhist exorcisms alone are myriad in
style and ritual. Korea has the kubyong shishik, an elabo-
rate and lengthy ritual that involves the causing of pain
to the possessed in an attempt to cast the demon out. In
Tibetan Buddhism, shamans perform the Manu Rimdu,
achoreographed mask dance to frighten demons aw
In Japanese Shinto, it is believed that demonic posses-
sion involves an angry ancestor spirit who needs to be
scared away, and a heavy staff decorated with metal
rings called the shakujo is shaken (it makes a loud noise)
to get the job done. In Hindu lore, there are countless
methods of exorcism, from beating the possessed to
offering him gifts of wealth and candy, reciting prayers
or mantras, or even blowing smoke from burning cow
dung into the lungs of the haunted.

PERSONAL EB: XORCISM.

Probably the primary way fora character to help "save
the human soul" of the possessed might be an intensely
personal ritual, designed for the identity of the possessed or
from the identity of the exorcist. It may involve something
along the lines of psychotherapy, imprisoning the demon
and attempting some form of question-and-answer session
to "remind" the demon of its human soul and to bring it to

‘Saviors ANd Destroyers

the surface. Such efforts could go so far as "cule
deprogramming," depriving a demon of food, water and
other necessities in an effort toshock the demon out of the
host's system. Or this approach might take on the guise of
a very intimate ritual — readings from the host's favorite
book (be it the Bible or Alice in Wonderland), sex with a
loved one o a forced drug trip. Anything is possible in
craftinga personal, unique exorcism ritual, and roleplaying
in this instance is highly encouraged.

SusTem

In essence, all exorcisms, regardless of the spiritual
or personal foundation, follow the same basic system.
The following rules are an optional expansion of those
provided in Demon, p. 255. You are encouraged to use
the system that best serves the needs of your chronicle.

First, the exorcist must find a way to confine the
demon so the potentially lengthy exorcism can be per-
formed. A prayer of binding (Demon, p. 255) is the ideal
choice for holding one of the infernal in place, but
requires one or more assistants to maintain the prayer
while the exorcist performs the initial examination and
determines whether to proceed with the rite. More
mundane means such as heavy chains, incapacitating
drugs or crippling physical injury are also options. Given
the physical prowess and stamina of a typical demon,
however, these alternatives are also highly risky.


CHAPTER

Next, an examination of sorts must be conducted to
determine if there is even a human soul within the
possessed body that can be saved. This stage consists of
aseries of personal questions and a Perception + Aware-
ness roll, witha difficulty equal tothe demon's Willpower
+2, up toa maximum of 10. If the roll fails, the exorcist
can make the effort twice more. If both subsequent rolls
fail, or any roll results in a botch, the examination is
judged a failure and the rite cannot be performed. If the
examination is successful and the exorcist is confident
that the human soul can be found and brought to the
surface, the long process of exorcism begins.

The exorcism rite consists of a long litany of prayers
admonishing the demon and commanding it to surren-
der its hold on the mortal body. Ultimately, it boils
down toa clash of wills between exorcist and fallen. The
exorcist must remain in close physical proximity to the
demon for the duration of the rite, never straying farther
than the distance his normal speaking voice can carry
For each hour the rite is performed, make a resisted
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) between exorcist and the
demon. If the exorcist knows the demon's True Name
(Demon, p. 256), she gains a distinct advantage over
the demon, lowering the difficulty of her Willpower roll
t06. Losing the roll costs one Willpower point, and rolls
continue until one side runs out of Willpower or the
exorcist abandons the rite. [fat any point the roll for the
exorcist botches, the exorcism fails automatically and
may not be repeated. The trauma of the failed attempt
mightalso afflict the exorcist with a derangementat the
Storyteller's discretion. If the roll for the demon botches,
the exorcism is immediately successful.

If the demon runs out of Willpower points, the
exorcism ritual succeeds; the demon's soul is cast out,
banished back into the Abyss, and the mortal's soul
resurfaces. The restored human has a Willpower score
of zero, and suffers a temporary derangement deter-
mined by the Storyteller. Later, with each Willpower
point the person regains, a Willpower roll (difficulty 7)

INANE,XORCISM
together to per-

Mavripce Exoncists
Multiple exorcists can worl
form the ri cism if desired, joining in even
after the rite has begun. If multiple exorcists per-
form the rite, make a Willpower roll for each one
and total thei
the demon. If the e:
then each individual loses a Willpower point. If
any exorcist's roll results in a botch, the rite fails
and every participant risks suffering a temporary
derangement. Participants to the rite can opt to
drop out at any point, but once they have bowed
cannot return.

e of exor

suiccesses against those generated for
oreists lose any resisted roll

can be made to overcome the derangement. One suc-
cess is enough to restore the person's grip on sanity. If
such a roll ever botches, the effects of the derangement
are permanent and no further rolls may be attempted.

RePERCUSSIONS

As Storyteller, you may decide that an exorcism is
impossible. A demon taking a body has murdered the
host's soul or that soul is absent forever. But that doesn't
stop exorcists from attempting an exorcism, does it? If
they make the effort and have some degree of "success,"
multiple repercussions may result. You may decide that
the demon is cast out, but no human soul can return.
The body is either in a comatose state or simply dies on
the spot. Or, it may be that the human soul is actually
the one "cast out" and the demon's Torment comes full-
flood upon the character, creating a far worse monster
than before. It's even possible that the demon "simu-
lates" the mortal soul, tricking the exorcists into thinking
that the ritual has succeeded!

‘
SUMPATHUFOR THE DEVIL

Exorcists don't have to be antagonists. Not every
demon hunter is going to kick down a demon's hotel-
room door withan AR- 15 assault rifle and start shooting.
Obviously, asa reader of Demon: The Fallen, you know
that demons aren't the good guys, aren't the bad guys,
and exist soundly in the shades-of-gray region. Exorcists
are the same way — their complexities don't allow
anyone to wear the white or black hat. It's therefore
possible that from time to time exorcists and demons
will ally with one another instead of trying to tear each
other to pieces.

Don't misread the situation — an exorcist meeting
any demon is likely to lump the fallen in with any other
unrepentant creatures she has encountered. It's preju-
dice, sure, but when you see a demon stalk the halls of
your family home, reaping Faith through grisly acts of
depravity, it's a good bet you're not going to be happy
with any demon you meet. It's guilty until proven
innocent all the way. That doesn't mean every exorcist
has to go whole hog in attack mode, though. There are
many reasons to establish meaningful, non-violent re-
lationships with demons.

Common ENEMIES

One thing's for sure: Very few humans can match
up toa demon, especially to one with apocalyptic form
in full effect. Any exorcist who goes in with guns blazing
isn't going to live long. Hunters can forge temporary or
even lasting alliances with demons who share their
desire to banish or destroy a mutual enemy. Demons
belonging to the Reconciler faction could easily find
common ground with a group of exorcists that hopes to
banish (or possibly even redeem) a more monstrous

8

3

84

being. The relationship has a number of mutual ben-
efits: The exorcists gain valuable muscle or access to
powers that offset their opponent's, while the demon
can take advantage of the exorcists' knowledge of
mortal society and its laws.

"THE SEARCHTFOR ANSWERS

Exorcists need information. Demon hunters pursue
their impromptu calling with no instructional video to
help them. They're deaf, dumb and blind to what
they're dealing with. Sure, they just saw some tumor-
ridden, malodorous monster break a person's neck. But
that'sall they get. There's no moment of weakness, nary
a hint as to what may harm the demon. Yes, they may
eventually turn to the basics of exorcist lore (as detailed
above) to fight the fallen, but more often than not
they're dead wrong about how to battle these monsters.
And so, if they can find a demon who's willing to share
evena tiny scrap of information, exorcists might take it
If they don't they're left in the dark. Cunning demon
hunters might agree to spare a victim they have on the
ropes in return for a steady stream of knowledge about
fallen abilities, powers, strengths and weaknesses.

By the same token, the fallen can use demon
hunters to acquire information from which both parties
can profit. A Cryptic seeking clues about a mystery or
about the whereabouts of an enemy might enlist a group
of exorcists to investigate the matter and could share
the results equally. Demons might be willing to barter
their freedom for the namesand locations of their rivals,
or trade knowledge of ancient times to mortal scholars
in exchange for research. All the celestial power in
Creation is useless when trying to comb a library for an
obscure reference to a Sumerian god.

Pasr Ties

Demons are people, too. Sounds strange, but re-
member that the mind of a fallen is left with the
remnants of human consciousness. A demon's body and
mind tempers the invading spirit's Abyssal fury. The
fallen therefore have the whimsand motivations —and
relationships — of people. It's entirely possible that a
person became an exorcist because she witnessed the
frightening change that came over an old friend, former
lover or family member. Those long-held bonds of
friendship or affection could allow for an uneasy rela-
tionship between demon and would-be demon-hunter.
Can an exorcist overcome her feelings for the person
she once knew and forego any hope of saving him? A
demon can hold out that thin sliver of hope (and
possibly even intend to fulfill it), in the meantime
gaining a potential ally against her enemies. The risk, of
course, is that as the demon succumbs to Torment,
forcing the exorcist's hand and creating an enemy who
knows the creature's every weakness and frailty.

Saviors ap Destroyers

PAWNS OF THE FALLEN

Exorcists are 100% Grade-A human. They aren't
monsters, they don't have powers, and they damn well
don't have much ofa clue about the truth. All they have
is a drive and desire to hunt something that they
consider wrong, an intense will to succeed over what
they perceive as some sort of unholy tyranny. But one of
the crucial characteristics of human beings is fallibility,
and it's no different with demon hunters.

Exorcists are capable of falling to the dark side —
becoming tools in the hands of the things they hate.
Becoming the pawn of a demon, even while fighting
them, is a constant threat of an exorcist's reality. It's
usually unwilling —the fallen have an array of capabili-
ties both supernatural and natural at their disposal to
turn an exorcist to their "cause." There's always the
mind-control of many of the lore powers (such as the
Lore of Radiance), and many demons in apocalyptic
form are capable of such feats as Inhuman Allure and
Unearthly Glamour. Any of these will-bending capa-
bilities help ewist an exorcist into an infernal lapdog.
Outside of that, there's always torture. When some
beast with oily black wings and a gaping maw breaks
your fingers one by one, it's easy to give up everything
and become a pawn of those you hate.

The flip side of the coin is that there are exorcists
whoare willing to give themselves over to one (or many)
demons. They consider it a necessity of getting a job
done. A hunter may think, "I'm fighting these demons
and I need to destroy them, but I don't have what it
takes to get the job done. This other demon has offered
to help me in return for something." And so it begins.
The exorcist enters a voluntary pact (possibly becoming
the fallen's thrall) in hopes of gaining the strength she
needs to fulfill her personal mission. Most exorcists who
are willing to enter into such bargains seek revenge
against specific demons andare willing to sacrifice every-
thing to get it.

So, what happens then? An exorcist gives it up,
offers Faith, enters a pact. Well, the good news is that
the exorcist has a direct line to all things "demon."
Probably the most important element of that is informa-
tion. Where she was once figuratively blind, now she
has a lamp to light the darkness — though, that's not
necessarily always the case. Remember that the fallen
can be kings and queens of manipulation and have little
to no problem lying to their thralls. A demon might
convince a hunter-thrall that her personal enemies are
more extensive than the exorcist knew, and the demon
creates a weapon to turn against its own rivals. Sti
likely that the demon gives up enough information to
enhance the exorcist's capacity to get the job done,
which may be all the exorcist wants.


Cuvprer Four

Beyond information, there are also the powers that
are conferred with the pact. Whether these powers are
granted in the form of physical enhancements, evoca-
tions or just a tweaking of an exorcist's Attributes, it
doesn't matter. The point is the exorcist gains and
becomes stronger in the bargain.

But the exorcist loses, too. Let's not forget that she
becomes the demon's willing pawn. She's not only a
servant in whatever capacity was deemed in the pact,
but she is a walking, talking Faith battery that the
demon can drain any time it wants — from anywhere
in the world. Enough abuse and the exorcist can
become a shell of what she once was. Sure, she has
information and supernatural powers, but she's also a
sycophantic slave who's bent to the demon's need:
becoming more and more malleable in the process. It's
the price one pays.

In your Demon game, it might be interesting for
characters to vie to convert an established exorcist.
Perhaps the exorcist has known enemies. If only the
characters had something they could offer him (without
getting shot or exorcised in the process), they might
gain a new ally.

Drama

Exorcists don't just happen. A motel clerk doesn't
one day gain magical knowledge of demonic influence
and decide to hunt fallen angels. They have reasons for
being who and what they are — often very personal
ones, since only the most intimate of reasons could
tear someone out of their normal life and pit them
against otherworldly beings. Maybe a demon mur-
dered someone a hunter loved, or a loved one is a
demon's thrall. Perhaps an exorcist was hurt or abused
or almost killed by one of the infernal. Maybe an
exorcist was simply a bystander in the way of a demon
wreaking havoc in a shopping mall, and watched as
innocent children were cut down or enslaved. One
way or another, every exorcist is driven by a motive
and that motive defines him.

It's possible to come up with a pretty cool backstory
for exorcist antagonists before your players have even
created their fallen characters. But if you really want to
hook the players into these antagonists and make them
something really special, then the secret is to make the
exorcistsand the players' characters somehow entwined.
It then becomes more personal to all parties involved.
What if one of the characters in your game succumbed
to her Torment, lost control of one of her evocations
and a passerby died in the process. What becomes of the
innocent's family, loved ones or friends? Could they
become demon hunters, motivated by a need for re-
venge? (Perhaps the exorcists only perceive that the

fallen were the ones who murdered family members,
andare motivated by an misdirected agenda.) Consider,
too, that exorcists are the family/friends/loved ones of
the characters themselves! What happens when a
demon's wife (or at least the wife of the host) comes
knocking on the door with a .45 ACP and a vial of
blessed holy water?

The point is it becomes personal to players and
characters when exorcists are more than faceless drones.
Ifyou link exorcists' backstories with those of the fallen,
your players begin to love, hate and even fear the
hunters, as opposed to just considering them an irritat-
ing thorn in the side.

THE OUTCOME,

What's the end result of using exorcists in your
game? All stories have a certain ebb and flow, usually
leading to a climax and the end of the story (which
may lead into another, and another). How do exor-
cists figure into the overall story of your demon
characters? A lot of what's written here helps you
figure that out, but it's important to know where
hunters fit into the narrative flow of the story as
much as who they are and what they're after. Are
they a part of the ending? Do you want them defeated
quickly and handily early on, or do you want them to
pose a hard-won victory?

The end result of an exorcist's story arc can be
drawn from many sources. They're diligent and vigilant
when it comes to their calling, but that doesn't mean it
won't get them killed or locked away or thrown so far off
the deep end that they're lost no matter what. It's even
possible that an exorcist just up and quits, throwing in
the towel, determined that she'll never defeat that
which is "immortal and evil." But can a person really
walk away, knowing what she does, and be happy and
content in life? Probably not.

Every story has an ending and you have to deter-
mine where your exorcists fit into it. Maybe you don't
want them to be a part of the ending of this story, and
hope that they carry on into the future of the
chronicle. It could be that they shift from enemy to
ally and back again before the series is over. Are they
always loose allies or adversaries? And, of course, it
doesn't need to be said that the best-laid plans can
fall apart. The primary characters of your game are
controlled by the players. They may not follow your
trail of breadcrumbs. They may turn to enemy hunt-
ers for help, or betray exorcists who've become allies.
So, be prepared to improvise. But at least have a plan
from which to deviate. Make your exorcists a part of
the overall blueprint. With that in mind, you'll come
toa more satisfying outcome whatever the exorcists'
desired role might be.

85

| A \" af
A RN


Any body of men who believe in hell will persecute whenever
they have the power.
— Joseph McCabe, What Gods Cost Men.

This chapter contains five character profiles of
exorcists intended for use as antagonists in your De-
mon chronicle, either as individuals or operating
together as a team. These character profiles cover a
broad range of concepts and capabilities, and are
meant to highlight the wide spectrum of possibilities
open to you when creating exorcist characters. Not
every demon hunter has to be a Catholic priest, a
wisecracking government agent ot an oddball occult
ist. In fact, truly interesting antagonists tend to be
entirely normal, ostensibly mundane individuals who
are determined to defeat the demons who walk among
them. Exorcists are anonymous faces in the crowd,
individuals that the fallen might pass on the street and
never notice. The neighbor down the hall, the old

man sitting on the park bench or the homeless person
panhandling for change. Any of them could be a
potential exorcist, spurred into action by their knowl-
edge of the fallen.

Storytellers are encouraged to use the following
profiles as sources of inspiration to create their own
colorful and challenging antagonists. These profiles
are general guidelines — embellish, alter or dismiss
any of the details provided to better match the needs
of your game. Ina pinch, the profiles can also be used
as sample characters for players if you want to try an
exorcist-only story, or to add a demon hunter as one
of the main characters in your ongoing chronicle.
Overall, the Traits listed on each profile are higher
than a typical beginning character's, but they are in

88

no way comparable to the powers and capabilities of
the fallen. Exorcists prevail by wits, courage and
luck, not by direct confrontations with the angels of
the Abyss!

Evin Suuivan

Evie Sullivan knew she wanted to be a police officer
when she was six years old. She made the momentous
decision on the day that her father, himself a decorated
veteran of the Chicago police force, received his pro-
motion to captain. Later, as her father and his buddies
celebrated over beerand cigars in the Sullivan'skitchen,
she put on his hat, strode proudly up to the big, burly
men seated around the kitchen table and declared that
she would be the city's best detective ever. The crusty
old cops laughed until they cried, and Evie fled the room
with tears of her own. In later years, when she pulled an.
all-nighter studying for a test, faced a 10-mile run in icy
rain or hada police instructor screaming in her face, she
remembered that afternoon in the kitchen, gritted her
teeth and paid whatever price in blood, sweat and tears
that was necessary to get the job done.

By the relatively tender age of 26, Evie was well on
Ther-way-to proving those old cops wrens: Joining the
police academy right out of high school over the angry
objections of her then-retired father, Evie struggled
with the physical demands of police training, but her
sharp mind and exceptional memory won her praise
from her classroom instructors. After graduation, Evie
was offered several administrative positions within the
force, but declined in order to become a patrol officer
like any other rookie cop. Finally, Evie found herself
assigned to Chicago's Organized Crime Task Force,
with a promise of a promotion in six months if she
performed well.

Saviors avd DESTROYERS

Evie's superior on the task force was an experi-
enced detective named Larry Donegan, a "lifer" who'd
worked on the task force for decades. Evie found
Donegan to be aloof and cynical, dismissive of her
abilities and smugly certain that the mob in Chicago
was there to stay. With characteristic stubbornness,
Evie vowed to prove Donegan wrong. But the more she
threw herself into her investigations, the more she
realized that the mob was always one step ahead of the
cops. Not only were they strangely prescient about the
police force's activities, the city's many gangs seemed
subtly coordinated. Obviously, someone inside the
force was tipping the mobsters off — possibly someone
on the task force itself. After six months of hitting one
dead end after another, Evie started watching her
fellow police officers. It wasn't long before she nar-
rowed down alist of likely suspects, and Larry Donegan
was at the top. She worked with her boss by day and
started tailing him by night. What she learned sur-
prised and frightened her.

Donegan made no effort to disguise his movements.
She followed him to meetings all over the city and
watched him sit down with major figures in every mob
outfit. She expected to see money change hands, but
Donegan seemed to be issuing orders rather than sup-
plying information. When he spoke, hardened criminals
hung their heads like dogs. The sight unsettled her in a
way she couldn't put into words. What worried her more
was that it seemed like Donegan knew he was being
watched and didn't seem to care.

Evie spent four months taking photos, making
notes and building an ironclad case she could take to
Internal Affairs. Then, just as she felt that it was time
to go public, Evie woke one morning to find the
dossiers, tapes and photos missing from her apartment.
Her home-security system was still armed, and there
were no signs of an attempted entry. Then, that
morning, as she sat alone in the precinct breakroom,
Donegan paid her a visit.

Looking back, Evie thought that the conversation
must have taken only a few moments, but at the time
it seemed as though they spoke for more than an hour.
Time seemed to stand still. Donegan complimented
her on her persistence, her attention to detail and her
integrity. He told her how much he looked forward to
working with her directly in the future, and promised
her great things if she proved to be a team player. He
never mentioned the evidence she'd gathered, much
less her months of surveillance, but he knew. She
could see it in his eyes. Donegan knew, and he wasn't
afraid. He was untouchable. And when he talked to
her about opportunities and close partnerships, she
found herself nodding, even excited about the pros-
pect. Evie never even noticed him leave the room.


Cuapren FIVE,

When she finally returned to her senses it was all she
could do to make it to the bathroom before the shakes
took hold.

Donegan wasn't human. She didn't know how
she could be so certain of such a bizarre notion, but
there it was. It was in his eyes and the way his voice
left her feeling like a rag doll. Somehow, he was
controlling the gangs, and she was never going to
make a case against him.

Donegan left her alone for a few days after the
evidence vanished, letting her wallow in her own de-
spair. There wasa pointat which she seriously considered
taking Donegan up on his offer — after all, when the
game was rigged, why fight it? But then she remembered
that summer afternoon in her parent's kitchen and
knew she had to make a terrible choice.

Arranging the bust was simpler than she'd
thought. Donegan was a creature of habit, and it was
simple enough to tip off the narcotics squad when he
was set to hook up with a particularly vicious set of
Latino drug traffickers. The shootout claimed the
lives of three officers, including Larry Donegan, a
long-time veteran of the police force. Evie went to
each and every funeral and prayed to God that she'd
done the right thing.

Appearance: Athletic and attractive, Evie
Sullivan cuts a noticeable figure, but her abominable
social skills guarantee that most people find her cold
and standoffish. Not that Evie would notice. She is
more comfortable with a book than with a person,
and would rather spend Friday evening studying old
cases than meeting new friends. Single-minded and
intelligent, she is a master of interpreting data and
unraveling mysteries. (Think Clarice Starling from
Silence of the Lambs).

Roleplaying Hints: Evie is haunted by the thought
that she might have made a mistake in arranging
Donegan's death. Since then she has devoted every
spare moment to investigating other possible instances
of strange or unexplained phenomena, an effort that
could easily place her on a collision course with the
characters of your chronicle. Depending on the charac-
ters' actions, it's not a foregone conclusion that she will
react to them as enemies, and she could be willing to
initiate a truce of sorts in hopes of gaining information
about the fallen.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 4 (Crime Scene), Intelligence 4 (Analysis), Wits 2

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 2,
Awareness 2, Brawl 2, Computer 1, Dodge 1, Drive 2,
Firearms 3, Intimidation 2, Investigation 3, Law 3,
Medicine 1, Melee 2, Research 1, Science 1, Security 1,
Streetwise 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Conviction 3, Courage 3
Willpower: 8

Faith Potential: 2

Equipment: Heavy pistol, Kevlar vest, collapsible
baton, handcuffs, SUV

Marsia HAmpLa

All Marsha ever wanted from life was to marry
someone with enough money to take care of her and to
raise a family. It was an ideal instilled in her by her
mother, an embittered woman who hated her middle-
class existence and who felt that the world somehow
owed her more.

It all came down to picking out the right hus-
band. Marsha learned from her mother's mistakes,
getting good grades and going to a college that was
nationally renowned for its medical program. While
there she met her future husband George Hambly, an
aspiring neurologist.

The wedding took place six months after Georg
graduation. Ac first, things were incredibly tight — th
would be paying for George's school bills well into their
40s — but Marsha had long since learned the value of
patience. By the time she was 34, Marsha's life w:
looking up. George was a resident neurologist at a local
hospital and they lived in a nice two-story house in a
fashionable Maryland suburb. She drove their two kids
toschool ina Ford Explorer that got terrible mileage but
that fit their image well, and the days were spent
shopping, getting beauty treatments and flirting with
their landscaper. It was the perfect life.

She didn't notice when George began to change. It
was as if one morning she looked up from her morning
grapefruit and realized that her trophy husband had
become moody and itritable. He spent long hours in his
office and complained bitterly about the money she
spent each month. There were problems at the hospital
— shakeups in the department, and a scandal about
drug use among the doctors. George looked like he
hadn't slept in weeks, and jumped out of his seat every
time the phone rang. When she suggested he get some
Valium from the hospital to calm him down, George
exploded, calling her a bitch in front of the kids and
storming out of the house.

When George came home that night, Marsha ex-
pected a fight. But there was something very different
about her husband. He was calmer, more self-possessed
There was a fire, a hunger in his eyes that she'd never
seen before, and the look he gave her when he stepped
into the den sent shivers of desire coursing through her.
That night he ravished her. She never in her life
expected that word would ever apply to anyone outside
acheap romance novel, but there was no other way to


90

describe it. He bent her to his will, body and soul, and
she was helpless to stop him.

That was when Marsha Hambly's dream became a
living nightmare.

George's attitude never changed. If anything, it
became far worse. He looked at her and the kids as
though they were nothing more than animals, mere
chattel that existed for his amusement. At dinner he
would stare thoughtfully at one or the other of their sons
and describe how he could open their skulls and cut out
pieces of their brain to make them better children. Only
once did Marsha try tostop him. He hada way of making
her scream for hours on end without a single sound
passing her lips.

Months passed. The children stopped going to
school, hiding in their rooms. Marsha didn't dare
call the police, because he'd made it clear what
would happen if she did, and she no longer doubted
that George was capable of literally anything. In the
evenings she served meals for her husband and a
procession of guests — doctors, nurses, med stu-
dents and administrators from the hospital who
fawned over George as though he were royalty. She
gathered from their conversations that they meant
a great deal to George, as well — they were his
source of power, she often heard him say after a long
night of adoration.

It was Marsha's idea to host a dinner in George's
honor. She'd learned that he'd recently been promoted
tohead of the hospital's research department, and when
she meekly suggested a celebration George agreed at
once. Marsha spent weeks planning the event and
making the house presentable.

She didn't expect many guests. In fact, there was no
one except George's circle of beloved attendants, which
Marsha counted on, but just to be sure she put enough
strychnine in the dinner meal to kill three times that
number. When her guests began to convulse she charged
from the kitchen like a harpy, brandishing a butcher
knife. She had every intention of plunging it right
between George's eyes, but her husband lurched from
the chair, lips blue and clutching at his throat, hatred
blazing in his eyes. There was a sudden gust of wind and
aclap of thunder that threw her across the room, then
everything went black.

When Marsha awoke, George was nowhere to be
found, and the kids were gone from their rooms.

Appearance: There are remnants of beauty about
Marsha, but the harshness of her recent life has depleted
her, and her physical inactivity has left her rather out of
shape. She has the outward manners and dress of a
soccer mom, but the haunted look in her eyes betrays
the horrors she has witnessed.

Saviors ANd DestROYERS

Roleplaying Hints: Marsha would make an excel-
lent sub-plot antagonist. Her zeal to hunt and destroy
the fallen, and her organizational skills make her a
perfect leader of a small group that could hound and
harass the characters. Marsha's role in such a scheme
would not be that of the field commander, but of the
charismatic leader who sends the field agents out to kill
or harm the fallen. Remember that while she is no
physical menace, Marsha is very adept at understanding
people and getting them to do what she wants, and she
is completely comfortable manipulating people on any
level toachieve her desires. For Marsha, the ends always
justify the means.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 1, Alertness 2, Awareness 2,
Computer 1, Crafts 3, Empathy 3, Etiquette 2, Expres-
sion I, Finance 2, Leadership 2, Medicine |, Performance
1, Politics 1, Religion 1, Research 1, Subterfuge 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 1, Conviction 3, Courage 3
Willpower: 6
Faith Potential: 2
Equipment: Minivan, expensive wardrobe

Drew tags

Growing up in white middle-class America, Drew
was bored with life. He suffered no hardships and had no
interests except skateboarding. He spent all of his spare
time — and most of the time he was supposed to spend
onschoolwork —outat the park orin the mall's parking
lot trying to master various tricks and hanging out with
his friends. When he grew old enough to drive, he
discovered the joy of mountain biking and backpack-
ing. By the time most kids his age were talking about
college, Drew knew that academics held nothing for
him. He found work ata local record store and spent his
weekends camping in the hills outside of town:

Drew met Lisa on the slopes of Bear Valley, where
he was learning to snowboard. The two immediately hit
it off and were soon inseparable. The only odd part
about the relationship was Lisa's strange obsession with
death. Drew had never contemplated his own mortality
and never quite understood what it was about death
that so fascinated Lisa, but their happiness together in
every other aspect meant he didn't spend too much time
worrying about it

They were together for almost a year when the
accident happened. The two had awakened before
first light to reach the top of the mountain at dawn so
they could be the first to enjoy the fresh layer of
powder that had fallen in the night. While descend-


Aeniag sada sty AUG "paosaid pue paoonea Apravay st pue
‘poaeys 298} pur peay sty sdaay ayy "Jnemod pur ued}
‘Buo] s1 Apo SIP] "[es9UA8 Ut pom ayp yan passoudustun
{jBurwisas pue wer ‘per suewsuods auanxe 10 apnp
soans IssepD aya aq 01 steadde auc] :aourmwaddy
poeq esr] Surg 01
31 Jadwioo pue ou0 puy or spuarut ay pue ]jJa\ 18 wear
EY OUT sor ULD Peap ay Jo sjadue ay IYI sMOW
ose 2p] IUaWApNL jeUy sy aeMeE 01 OF peap atp Jo
cunids ay ax9ya wear e Jo pouzea] ay Jaryaqy 02 2914108
SY U1 10} "VOTSsTUT B YIEM UL e St 9H "UaTTey aA Jo 9DuNp
-IA9 Jo} BuNUNY ‘AUNOD ay stHROI MAI "MON
"ayt] Jo ploaap
{joys Aadwis ue sem yay sem ieyp [Je Ing ‘1our eUO
aBowo plnom ands s,s] ‘9UOS sem UOUIap at aDU0
rewp padoy pey maug "Ieaamoy ‘ato rang e sea A029}
DULL ‘sshqy atp Oru BurpuNy quas puke Apog s,es17] Wo
UAALIP sem JAETg dtp YauYs v YIM pue ayoug Aypeuy
JE suowep ayp Ssea ay or AYs oy payed uaep sv
‘Ayjeuly "uo passaad ay ang ‘paao] ay UeLIOM at Jo a10A
ayp ul WiY YarM papeofd "wry paSBaq ays "UNyS §.est]
210M ey UOUTap ay] UO WsIoI0Xy Jo aITY tp pauuopiad
marc] ‘Isarad pedo] & Woy djay tI, ‘are] O01 Apeasye
sea 31 srodead sty Jo punos ay2 01 pauayeme ays voy
pur ‘days jarpqy aptyas ayes Jo aout oyp Avy aug]
duo Ystueg 0) Moy SuIpnyou! — sjasue ud|]ey
jo aunyeu ay anoge Jeap ead e paused] ay ‘AqyermuaAg
ua|[2j atp anoge paouaziadxa ay Buryrdsoae paquosqe
mag] ‘O[Ya ayp [TY "pasoddo jarpgqy woym suowep
asoyp Jo s[jery? ay Suppene ‘JIpjos v se Sunde Aye
-NYUDAD PUL ‘ss.9STUT STY JO} spEHIaIW JaYIO Puke s400q,
Bunoysed ‘spues uo wry quas UOWAp ay], *2]q!
peaaijaq 199 pay UeYD Jaisey pue Ja8uONs euresaq
MIG, PUR ‘prom JOY O2 ony sea jaTyAqY ‘ua UT

Pinos ay qye Suwa]
sem mai] ‘a]1YauRayy "uoRsanb anoyaia UoReIOpe
ay2 paadsooe — pajje> aq 03 pasiayard mou ays se
‘"anaqy 10 — esr] "ples 10 pip uowap ayy Suryasz8so
02 uoIuane des BuLAed ‘opis 19y Woy 32} pacers
29a du dy PamoTfoy IYI shep ayp UT ‘O]TYAs oy [Ie Sup
-pou ‘pauarsty moug] "urese Addeytn oq zea0u pjnom
s SPM Op 02 peY ey []Y ‘Suons wry,
aye pynom ayg "WIY Jo a1e> ayer pjnom ayg "Ys
Te aq pmnow Buryadraae reya wry Suyyor "Wry PpEY
dys pur ‘sinoy 10} dam apy ‘souoas Jats se paystjod
pure pjoo se adioa e& YM WY SuTYIOOs ‘sWe Joy
o2uy wry pay]nd pue payruss ayg "wry 10} SuATEM sem
— Apog s,esr] 210m yp Burys ayp 40 — es] -awoy
Kem sty apew mai azojaq umep Ajreau sem a]
2y811 a1 92 pjnoo ay AyUO puke 4yNej
s1y [Je sNoyswuoos seat ay "pouaddey pey rey 104 JjasuTy
poure|q ay ‘a8ueyp say joamaeu ann ay puayarduoso1
2]quul) "Aarperuow s9yDeIs s1y pue oa sty paraneYs UOIS
-sossod s,esr] "pawuoysuen sea moaq Gysru IY
"Burwieaios ues oy pur ‘puey paraduy-8uo]
¥ YM UNY O2 INO paysear aYg "sade p10]09-apel
Joy puryaq auadies v ay!] pa[!oo ‘urysa paplsar
yey? aids oy aes ay ‘aug Uo sada soy pain
aYs UaY A JAS YY ay ueyp JOpjo o2}0a v ul
pazaaan punos weyduinrn ‘py e ‘paysne] pue peay
Foy YeRG MTYA aI] Sty Jo acy ay? JOLLY s,n21q
02 pur ‘esr] pozruvayes Burpy Jo 19e oY] "punoas
aya IY ay a10jaq peap ‘deay ssa]auog k ut asde]]oo 01
wiy Busnes Quejresse ay2 poyonoy Ajdunts esi] pue
‘aqruy SHY YIM pasuny JOyxVIE oy] "OUUTP Woy
yoeq dem aya uo pasanw aq 01 sunasoysiw ayy pey
a]dnoo ays vaya sare] syaom oWKD YN ay]
umn) ast ay? 10}
pliom ays Buses seas ays YSnoyp se ‘ayy wowe
awosaq pey 19y Jo ued awog "pamoyjo} rey shep
dup ur Joyposor sui quads Aayp se aaug] 02 ayqeaonou
auowr auMed9q I] "TUAIEyIP sea Joy INoge SuIyLoWIOs
{Mg "Fea se Ayppeay se Jey puny Suyusow ay Ing
‘uoneasasqo 10} 1YS!UJAA0 Pjay ag 02 jJasiay panied
esr] ‘2ouarsisul s,aiaug] ay ‘adeutep uresg Jo Aupiqissod
dua no pay sues [YO Jo punor v pur ‘yesisyd
Joy yaa Suoim SuIyIOU pul pjnos sio1v0p ay,
jendsoy ysareau
ayp 02 19y dAoup puk UIeJUNOW ay UMOp Sem tp Jo
3so1 92 19Y opin 01 padeuwur aouq] WOH yr py "Avs
02 8u1An sea ay Jey puRrsiapUN a, UpIp ays Ysnoyp se
wiy av Bunvad ‘suorysonb o1yuey sty 01 aarsuodsazun
sem ays ysnoyi ANYyUN Ase] sem ays ‘suors
-eaqe pue sino aytdsap ‘Aysnopnses1yy *OmI UL U2x01G
sea ‘3994 J9y 02 paddeaas |]!as ‘prvog 1}] 7pooyg ya
paseaoo eovy J9Y "opnog v asureBe Burd] est] punoy
aH "OY JO} paypseas maaq ‘uaxotas-oyuRg "pays
-uva put 1YZIs Jo ano pa]ue vst] ‘UreyUNOW ayp But

ay pue ‘ay ease

MLV)

92

the horrors he witnessed in his service to Abthiel, and
when confronted by the fallen or their servants, his
slacker attitude vanishes, replaced by the wild-eyed
decisiveness of a true zealot.

Roleplaying Hints: Drew is a tragic figure whose
outward appearance lends itself to underestimation
Behind the dull speech and surfer attitude is a commit-
ted exorcist with a body of knowledge about the fallen
that most demon hunters (and indeed, some demons)
would envy. He is absolutely, pathologically driven to
hunt down the fallen wherever he can find them and
performs any deed necessary to banish or destroy them.
If he can find another Slayer with the potential to
return Lisa to the land of the living he attempts to bind
the demon to his will, regardless of the cost.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
(Hiking), Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3,
Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4 (Climbing),
Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Computer 2, Dodge 2, Drive 2,
Firearms I, Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Medicine 2, Melee 1,
Occult 4 (Demonology), Streetwise 2, Survival 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Fame 1, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Conviction 3, Courage 2

Willpower: 5

Faith Potential: 2

Possessions: Various occult tomes containing a
number of summoning, binding and banishment ritu-
als, shotgun, beat-up VW van

KENNETH WILSON

Every moment of Kenneth Wilson's life was a
struggle for survival. Born in Harlem to a woman who
financed her drug habit with prostitution and petty
theft, Kenneth was put into state custody when he was
less than six weeks old and spent the first eight years of
his life bouncing from one institution to another. He
learned to be a survivor at a cruelly young age, trusting
no one and adopting a certain degree of ruthlessness
when it came to getting what he wanted. Kenneth
wasn't afraid to lie, cheat or steal — or worse — if that's
what he had to do.

Ateight, Kenneth's already hard life took a turn
for the worse when his mother successfully peti-
tioned to reclaim custody. She presented reams of
documentation to the judge that she'd undergone
years of incarceration and rehabilitation, and was a
changed person. Kenneth's mother brought him home
toa housing project in Harlem where he was quickly
put to work as a lookout and runner for his mother's
boyfriend

Leon, a

young, powerfully built man had his eyeson
the local drug trade and a supernatural charisma to

Saviors ANd DestROYERS

match his ambitions. He treated Kenneth little better
than a dog, using him to ferry messages to rival gangs
and to watch for the cops when Leon met with the gang
leaders. Twice, the meetings went violently awry —
each time Leon escaped injury, but Kenneth once
caught a stray bullet in his arm. There was blood
everywhere, and he was certain that he was going to die,
but Leon wrapped his powerful hands around Kenneth's
arm and beneath his grip, Kenneth felt flesh and muscle
bunch and writhe before he passed out from the pain.
When he awoke, the wound was healed. After that, a
bond of sorts existed between the two. Leon still treated
Kenneth like dirt, but Kenneth never forgot that Leon
had saved his life. When they'd come home from the
firefight his mother hadn't even noticed the blood
covering his shirt and pants.

From that point on Kenneth covered Leon's back,
looking for a chance to repay him. As time passed, he
learned that Leon wasn't interested in the drug trade so
much as someone who was running the operation —a
demon, he heard Leon say to one of the gang leaders
Whoever the person was, he was Leon's enemy from a
long way back, and Leon had a score to settle. Kenneth
figured that made Leon an angel, but if so, the Bible had
really gotten its facts wrong somewhere along the line.
Still, he liked the idea of fighting on the side of the
angels. It gave him a sense of self-worth he'd never
known before.

Leon was powerful, of that there was no doubt, but
he didn't know the street. He needed someone who
could pass unnoticed, who could ask the right questions
and know where to look to find a quarry. He needed a
hunter, and Kenneth needed him.


Cuvrrer Five

Appearance: Kenneth isallight skinned black youth,
very slender and almost delicate looking. His eyes are a
striking hazel color. His bearing demonstrates his years
of being abused. He startles easily and dislikes loud
noises. Upon meeting Kenneth, many people find them-
selves thinking of a young deer. His mind is excellent
and inquisitive, though. His speech is soft and difficult
to hear, but his words are clever and insightful.

Roleplaying Hints: At the moment, Kenneth is
fiercely loyal toaRabisu named Leon Waters, a Luciferan
demon who once saved his life but otherwise thinks of
himas little better thana trained pet. For now, Kenneth
is happy to help Leon hunt down and banish his old
enemies and rivals, believing that he's doing the work
of angels. His childhood of abuse has left him with no
sense of self-worth, so he follows anyone who pays
attention to him. If a demon hunter should figure out
how easy it is to control Kenneth, said exorcist would
find himself with a ruthless, streetwise soldier in the
body of a 15-year-old boy.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3,
Chatisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Drive
1, Security 2, Stealth 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2,
Sutvival |

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 1

Virtues: Cons

Willpower: 4

Faith Potential: 2

Possessions: Light pistol

Donnir. CAHILL

Guthrie, West Virginia was a mountain town
where a son was expected to follow in his father's
footsteps — usually working the week in the stygian
depths of the coal mines, and praying in the old
clapboard church each Sunday morning. There, the
Reverend Earnest Cahill would preach for hours about
the fiery hell that awaited the souls of those who failed
toheed the word of the Almighty Lord. The Reverend
was the bedrock on which Guthrie's 250 souls rested,
and noone doubted that in time his son Donnie would
take up his father's calling and continue to tend God's
flock for another generation.

But the Reverend's son wanted nothing more than
to shake the black dust from his shoes. Donnie had too
much of his mother in him. She was a well-educated
woman from Raleigh who was lured into the mountains
by a charming young missionary, and trapped in a
cheerless, abusive marriage that ultimately destroyed
her. She died of pneumonia when Donnie was 14, and
he swore to God that he would get away from Guthrie
before the Reverend destroyed him as well.

nce 2, Conviction 2, Courage 2

Four years passed, and as Donnie grew into a man,
the anger toward his father increased. Beatings were
common as the Revered reacted brutally to the slightest
sign of disobedience, but the older Donnie grew, the less
afraid he was of Earnest Cahill's calloused hand or his
leather shaving strap. Where he was once as devout and
God-fearing as any resident of the town, Donnie now
felt nothing but contempt for the tirades of fear and
loathing that his father spewed from the pulpit. The
things Earnest Cahill said were a corruption of the
Bible's teachings, a stream of poison that sickened
rather than saved the souls of Guthrie. The more
Donnie thought about his father's behavior, the more
he saw himas truly evil, a monster who fed on the souls
of everyone around him. It was a realization that would
prove frighteningly prophetic.

Two weeks before Donnie's 18th birthday, as he sat
in the front pew of the town church, he watched his
father pause at the height ofan apoplectic sermon about
Sodom and Gomorrah. The Reverend's face wentslack,
and his knobby hands trembled. For a moment, Donnie
dared to hope that God had finally seen fit to give the
Reverend the stroke he so richly deserved, but then a
look came into Earnest Cahill's eyes that Donnie had
never seen before. [t was a look of exultation, a gleam of
triumph, and it made his blood run cold. The Reverend
threw back his head and laughed, a rich sound like
rolling thunder, and he changed. The congregation
shrieked in fear and wonder as Earnest Cahill blazed
with golden light and spread eagle's wings that reached
tothe church'srough-hewn rafters. The men and women
of Guthrie fell to their knees, babbling and raising their
hands to Heaven, but Donnie's hatred kept him safe. It
shielded him from the power reverberating through the
room and allowed him to see the Reverend for the
demon he'd long believed the man to be.

The nextday it was obvious that a change had come
over the town. Where the Reverend once held an
indirect influence, now he was regarded as nothing less
than its lord and master. What was worse, Donnie could
tell by the people's cold stares that they sensed he did
not share their love for the town's newfound tyrant.
That night he resolved to escape, but even as he made
his plans to free himself, his conscience gnawed at him.
Ifhe left, what would become of the people of Guthrie?
Noone else saw the Revered for what he truly was. Once
Donnie was gone, what manner of hell would he con-
sign them to? Finally, he realized that if he didn't at least
try to save them he would never forgive himself.

Summoning up his courage, Donnie marched into
Guthrie's only general store, the one place other than
the church or the mine where he knew that many of the
townspeople routinely gathered. Without preamble, he
stood in the doorway, cleared his throat, and told a

93

sermon of his own. He warned them of the demon who
hid among them and of the danger to their immortal
souls. Donnie called on every oratorical trick he'd
learned from years of watching his father preach, shak-
ing the walls with his plea to open their eyesand cast out
the evil that threatened the town.

They beat him to within an inch of his life, finally
tying his hands behind him and dragging him to the
church where they offered him up to their new lord.
The monster who hid behind Earnest Cahill's eyes
commanded that his misbegotten son be stoned to
death after that night's service, as a lesson in the
dangers of disobedience.

Donnie was taken outside and tied to an old oak
tree while the throngs of the faithful gathered in the
church to sing praises to their god. At that moment he
wanted to die, but as he heard the Reverend's voice
over the cries of the worshippers, Donnie felt a depth
of hatred that burned righteous in its purity. His
captors had paid little attention to the fact that they'd
dislocated his thumb during their relentless beating.
Biting his lip until it was bloody, he silently worked his
hand free from his bonds, then made his way back to
the general store. He took a stout hammer and a
handful of iron chisels, wedged the church's doors
shut, then set the old building alight. The flames
reached like an offering to heaven, and he com-
mended the souls of those trapped inside to the Lord's
stern mercies. As the town of Guthrie died, Donnie
Cahill realized that he was following in his father's
footsteps after all

Appearance: Donnie is average in appearance:
brown hair cut short, brown eyes and ordinary features

Saviors wp Destroyers

— the sort of person who blends effortlessly into a
crowd. People tend not to notice him, and those who
talk with him rarely come away with much of an
impression. Only discussions of morality and religion
reveal the fanatic within.

Roleplaying Hints: Donnie Cahill is a tormented
soul, haunted by the specter of his "father's" memory
and the mass murder he committed to "save" the people
of Guthrie. Now a fugitive who moves from town to
town in an effort to stay ahead of the law, he gravitates
to places of worship, seeking solace and attempting to
redeem himself by "saving" victims of demonic influ-
ence. The more he learns about the fallen, however, the
more he begins to wonder if a mere church fire could
have killed the demon that wore his father's skin. The
possibility of failure, and the fear that he will one day
cross paths with Earnest Cahill again drives Donnie to
learn all he can about demons and how to wipe them
from the Earth.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 1,
Dodge 1, Firearms 3, Intimidation 1, Leadership 2,
Medicine 1, Melee 3, Occult 2, Performance 2,
Religion 4 (Preaching), Stealth 3, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 2, Survival 4 (Mountains)
Backgrounds: Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 1, Conviction 5, Courage 1
Willpower: 8
Faith Potential: 2
Possessions: King James Bible, pickup truck


SESY 1 ORS

aS Ore Ale

ty I

A Prayer for the watiag

Demons walk the Earth. They hide in the hearts of the tormented
and the depraved, hungry for théifaith of mankind. In an age of cynicism
and science, they believe themseles forgotten, free to work their wiles
without fear of reprisal. But there are those who recognize the signs of
the infernal in the world, men and women who see the spirits of the
Abyss for what they truly are and realize what must be done. For the
sake of the world, they confront the fallen and return them to the Pit
of Hell, no matter the cost.

A Carse apon the Damned

Demon: Saviors and Destroyers details the origins and desperate
struggles of the world's demon hunters, men and women who place their
lives — and souls — on the line to pull the Earth back from the brink of
ruin. Character creation guidelines included in this book present these
exorcists as an Optional character type for players and as.a new breed of
antagonist for Storytellers to use in their Demon chronicles.

www.white-volf.com
