# File: Shadow Lords (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

(

)
KK:
d fOGDS

ya"

WR Lorde o


the Gatheri ng Storm

From te Fournat of Daftecthre Sear Aguohe

June 14, 2002

Man oh man, it's been awhile since I last wrote. Last
entry was, what, sometime in May? Yeah, May 25th. Three
weeks. An awful lot can happen in three weeks. But the shit
that's gone down here in the last few days is big even by LA
standards, and somehow I wound up in the middle of it all.
I guess that's not surprising, really; half the department's
gunning for me because they think I'm a dirty cop, and in
some ways I guess I am. So you kind of have to expect that
I won't be far away when things go south. But I swear toGod,
this blood war hit me by surprise as much as anyone else. I
may be dirty, but there are some lines even I won't cross.
Hanging dumb-ass Silver Fang pups out to dry is one of
them. But it seems the rest of my pack didn't have the same
reservations, and now a lot of people are dead because of it.

It all started a couple of weeks ago. Things run pretty
smoothly around here, especially in the neighborhoods I
control. We have better luck on the streets than most
precincts do because we know we can't deal with every
crisis that comes down the pike. So, we don't even try; we
just try to minimize the damage, take out the most danger-
ous threats, and keep things safe enough that people can
function on a basic level without getting killed just for
crossing a street. I guess you could call it a sort of triage,

because that's how it works. It isn't an ideal solution, but
it works. It keeps the body count down, and it keeps the
product on the streets to a minimum. That make me dirty?
Tell it to the finger, pal. When you start getting better
results, you let me know and we'll talk.

Anyway, the dealers and the bangers and everyone else
all know the drill, and most of them are smart enough to
stick to it. But every once in awhile we get someone new in
town, some dipshit who thinks he can get away with what-
ever he wants and not face the consequences. It's usually a
vampire of some sort, someone who thinks that his power
gives hima free ticket to Easy Streetand makes him immune
to the cops. But I got news for you: It don't work that way.
Me and my kind have been dealing with vampires for
centuries, and we know how to take 'em down. And we will
take them down, make no mistake — it's just a question of
when and how. Before we can pound that into their skulls,
though, they manage to set up shop and really start tearing
into the locals. That messes up the whole system, and that's
when the shit hits the fan and I get to clean up the mess.

So, about two weeks ago things started going bad. We
started seeing a huge increase in product on the streets,
pretty much overnight. Not just a bit here and there, either

Shadow Lords


— I'm talking about tons of crack, meth, you name it,
showing up all over the place. At the same time, the bangers
were getting riled up, and we had some ugly shootings —
again, all over the place. It's like someone turned up the
insanity meter all over the city, and after the second or third
case I began to wonder just what the fuck was going on. And
of course I wasn't the only one. Our beloved captain crawled
onto my back like the monkey that he is, and started harping
on me to find out what was happening and fix it. Guy's a real
piece of work; Silver Fang Kin, if you can believe that, and
he wanted my badge more than anyone. But who does he
turn to when things get nasty? Yeah, that's right, he turns to.
me. Fucking asshole. So there he is, telling me over and over
again that he wants this dealt with, that he wants things
cleaned up before they get any more out of hand. The guy
wanted a good track record for his runas lieutenant, since he
planned on running for city council come November. Yeah,
right. Good fucking luck. But I told him the things he
wanted to hear, and headed out to shake some folks down
and see what was what.

Naturally, we started with the rest of the sept. I gotta say
here, we have a pretty cool sept. Chris and I are cops, and we
head up a strike team who does most of the ugly work in
town. Good people there, and they're all Kin. We don't run
the city by ourselves or anything, but we do a bang up job of
organizing Kin networks on the street, keeping tabs on
what's going down and setting up the bad guys so our sept
can take 'em down. That's just us, though; rest of the sept
operates a lot differently. Some of them sideline as bangers,
and use their buddies to sniff out vamp and Wyrm activity
before the rest of us even get wind of it. Others work
freelance (mostly bounty hunters, but also Pls), and some
are just what you might call concerned citizens. But they all
do a great job of keeping the peace, most of the time. It's
kinda funny, really. You'd think that urban sorts like us
would be Glass Walkers or Bone Gnawers, but it isn't so.
We're Shadow Lord all the way, doing the same thing here
we've been doing for centuries in Europe: helping our Kin
survive, and doing what we can to keep the power brokers
from getting too drunk on their power. We do know a few
Gnawers, but they're mostly involved in things like shelters,
detox programs, stuff like that. I don't know any that are
cops, though. Probably harder to pull the right strings to
cover for the Curse. But that's okay; we do our stuff, they do
theirs, and we get along okay.

Anyway, we meet up with the rest of the sept, and they
tell us they've been hearing about new players in town. They
have premium product, and an inhuman ability to market it
just where it'll hurt the most. Doesn't take a genius to figure
out that there's something supernatural going on; humans
do some bad shit, but even the best of them aren't organized
enough to cause this much chaos in this short a time. mean,
I guess it could happen, but in practice is just doesn't. I
figured it was probably a vampire setting up shop, and the
bangers in the sept agreed. So I told them to sniff around, get

some details, and hopefully we'd find a way to nail this guy
before he became too much of a problem.

Well, no such luck. Couple hours later, I get a call from
Ice Pac, a wannabe rapper and member of the Glorious
Lords. The guy's originally from Jamaica, but once he
Changed he found he really dug the whole Balkan look, so
he's basically this black guy who thinks he's Rasputin or
something. Fucking hilarious, but since he can back up his
lingo when it counts nobody gives him any shit. Anyway, he
tells me our vamp friend is part of some undead serpent cult,
some sort of "serpent's sabbat" or whatever. We never
learned too much about the details, but it didn't really
matter — he was a real badass, heavy into all that voodoo
shit, and he was packing some serious heat. Strong mojo, lots
of lackeys, solid product. So I asked Ice where the hell this
guy came from. Leeches with these kinds of resources don't
just spring up overnight, you know? I mean, what the fuck?

Ice tells me the guy's in exile from Miami, and that he
came here to hide out while the heat cooled down back
home. Dumbass way to hide out if you ask me, drawing
attention to yourself like that, but maybe he thought he'd be
dealing with a bunch of norms. I dunno. It's a reasonable
assumption, | guess; this place isn't exactly high profile, and
punks like us normally don't do the city thing. But his
reasons for coming here were pretty much a moot point; he
had to go down, one way oranother, and we had to figure out
how to make it happen.

The main problem here lay in the fact that our new
dealer friend was a vamp. That wouldn't normally be a
problem, but man, this guy knew how to cover his tracks. His
distribution network was a nightmare, and we couldn't get
past the first couple of layers without hitting brick walls.
That meant that even if we knew who he was, most of the
evidence we had couldn't be used in court. And that meant
we couldn't use standard police resources to bring him in.
It'd be nice to knock his door down witha bunch of uniforms
at our backs, but good luck getting a warrant to do that when
all you have to go on is the word of a bunch of Gifts. Good
enough for us, but not for the DA. That meant we'd have to
take him down off the books, and one pack just isn't enough
to make that work.

So while we were trying to separate our heads from our
asses, we heard from the other packs in the sept that things
were getting nasty on the street. The police were pretty
much powerless to stop the vampire's activities, because he
just had too much going on. The clever bastard actually used
that to his advantage, and managed to trigger a gang war and
incite a riot. The uniforms moved in to break it up, but
before it was all done we'd lost a lot of people. The vamp had
used the riots as cover to take out some of our best guys,
including Ice Pac. It was a mess, and didn't show any signs
of getting any better.

Now, here's where things start to get ugly. There are a
number of Silver Fang packs in the greater LA county area,
and they'd be more than enough to help us out. So I talked

Legends of the Garou: The Gathering Storm 3

RES:

tothe chief about getting their help, andhe basically toldme
to piss off. I looked at him like he'd grown three heads or
something; tribe rivalries were all well and good, but we had
a real problem here, and we needed their help. Thinking
back on it, I know that he couldn't have helped me much if
he'd wanted to; when you're Kin to the Silver Fangs, it takes
some really serious fuckups to get stuck ina pisshole like this.
Ifhis relations with the tribe were all that good to begin with
he'd probably be living it up in some place like Beverly Hills
or Santa Monica. So, he was no help at all.

This meant we were basically at a standstill, and had to
fight this bloodsucker a bit at a time, chipping away at his
resources until we could take him down. That's a really
messy way to go about it, but it was all we could do — the
Fangs weren't about to listen to me, since they'd just assume
it was a trap. Fangs and Lords don't get along well in the best
of times, and the current situation sure as hell didn't qualify.
Beyond that, we didn't have much of anything else to work
with. That meant we were basically up a creek, unless a gift
from God dropped out of the sky.

It wasn't until later on that I realized that that's exactly
what happened.

It turns out that the Silver Fangs had some ambitious
young bucks in their sept at the time, and one of them, a
Wyrmfoe Ahroun by the name of Justin Phillips, saw what
was going on here and decided to havea look around. He was
a prodigy of sorts (great klaive duelist, by all accounts), and
had a reputation for being pretty nasty when it came to
hunting bloodsuckers. If he'd come straight to us, we prob-
ably could have arranged something. Plenty of glory to be
had for all, given how fucked-up things were. But he wasn't
interested in that — he wanted to take out this vamp
himself, so he could rub it in our faces afterwards.

Somehow — I still don't know how, and probably
never will — Chris found out about this, and got in contact
with Phillips. He gave Phillips the names of some choice
lackeys, people whose absence could shut down the pipe-
line permanently if they were taken out. See, tribal lore
says that these snake-cult vampires only operate via inter-
mediaries, and are too chickenshit to handle most of their
deals themselves. So, take out the footsoldier Renfields,
and you're all set. We couldn't do that — they were too
well fortified, and they had their own sorts of immunity on
the street. If we moved in, the riots we'd dealt with the day
before would look pretty tame by comparison. But Phillips
thought he had a chance, so he took it.

It was a bad move. A really bad fucking move. The
vamp got wind of what Phillips was up to, and was waiting
for him when he showed up. This guy had some real potent
blood, and the underlings he had with him were all forti-
fied on it, making them enough to let him burn Phillips
like he was a little old lady. Killing the guy would have
been bad enough, but this vamp had a sadistic streak, and
decided to take things a step further: he tried to turn the
Fang. Gives me chills.

Well, you can guess how well that worked. Phillips
didn't take to the turning, and wound up just dying out-
tight instead. From what I can tell that's a really shitty way
to go, and the insult of it was enough that the Fangs got
really pissed when they found out. Now, keep in mind that
I still didn't know about any of this. As far as I was
concerned it was still business as usual, or at least as close
to it as can be expected when you're dealing with rioters in
the streets and a city that more or less looks like a war zone.
So when the Fangs showed up on my doorstep, demanding
to know how I could let this happen, I didn't have a clue
what they were talking about. When I said as much, they
called me a liar, and tried to pull some Litany shit on me
insulting my honor, calling me a traitor, blah blah blah.
They told me the cub had been here, that he was chasing
"my" vampire, and that I'd let him get killed. And I told
them that, gee, it might have helped things along a bit if
they'd bothered to clue me in about it, because good ol'
Justin didn't see fit to keep me in the loop.

When they finally figured out that they weren't gonna
get anywhere with me, the Fangs got bored and continued
on their merry way. But they were out for blood, no question.
They demanded to know everything | knew about "my"
vampire (calling the shitstain mine was really getting irritat-
ing at this point), because they were intent on cleaning
house. I figured hey, why not? That's what I'd wanted from
the beginning, and if the goddamn lieutenant hadn't been
such a sanctimonious prick when this started we might have
wrapped all of this up a week ago. The Fangs didn't have
much to say about that. But they were on board, more or less,
so long as we followed their lead.

Well, I mentioned this to Chris, saying that losing their
dear little rising star seemed to get them a bit upset. And
Chris smiles a bit, and he says, "Yeah. Looks like that phone
call really paid off."

So I sat there staring at him like an idiot, and said
"What are you talking about?" I knew at that point that
something was very wrong. Something clicked in my head,
and I said to him "Holy shit. What the hell did you do?"

Chris got a bit defensive and said, "Look, the Fangs
weren't going to get involved, remember? You remember
that?" I nodded. "So I figure, how do we make that happen?
Well, Phillips was right there, just begging me to use him. He
thought he was so goddamn smart, remember?" Chris was
right about that. Phillips was always an arrogant prick, and
thought he knew everything about operating in the city. "So
he gets a call from a concerned sept member, saying that all
of this vamp business might be a good way to gain a bit of
prestige. Score a coup for the Fangs, you know? Prove they
live up to the hype, that they're still the mighty Garou they
want us to think they are, and rub our faces in the dirt in the
process. He wanted it so bad, Sean, you should have heard
him. He would have done something stupid even without
my prompting; I just pointed him in the right direction."

Shadow Lords


This part didn't freak me out. I figured Chris had pulled
something like that, because we do it all the time. If
someone's gonna be stupid, might as well have 'em be useful
about it. But that wasn't what he was talking about, and |
knewit. Itwas the next part that really chilled me. "Anyway,
I didn't just want him involved; the Fangs would just leave
him be if he went off on his own. He'd kill some ghouls, the
trail would run dry, and that'd be it. But if something
happened to the guy, if the vamp made an example of him,
that'd be different. Take out their glory boy, and the Fangs
would take notice."

Now I was freaking out, because I had a really bad
feeling about this. "Jesus Christ, Chris, what the hell did you
do?" I was shouting now, and other cops were staring at us.
Chris told me to keep my voice down, and then let the other
shoe drop.

He said, "Look, all I did was drop a few hints to a couple
of the vamp's boys, alright? I told them what the Fang was
doing, and how to stop him." Chris grinned. "It was s0 easy,
man! Phillips couldn't have been any more predictable, and
he just waltzed right into the vamp's hands!" I couldn't
believe it — Chris was actually proud of himself.

I started wondering how this could have happened, but
it wasn't surprising. Chris knew I would have vetoed this
plan if I'd known about it, because that's a type of politics I
justdon't wanna play. Butas my beta, he could get away with
it—as longas I didn'tknow about the plan, I could deny our
involvement all the way to hell and back, and there wasn't
a thing the Fangs could do about it. And to be fair, it was a
perfect plan — assuming I wanted the Fangs to suffer. But 1
didn't want that. I didn't want them coming down on us like
aton of bricks, and I didn't wanna see a Garou get torn apart
just because he was young and stupid. But it was too late now
— the deed was done, and whether I knew about it or not |
had to keep it quiet; blabbing wouldn't accomplish any-
thing, and if] ratted him out I'd get burned just as bad as him
So I kept quiet. But I also made damn sure that Chris knew
that this just wasn't acceptable behavior, and that there'd be
hell to pay if he pulled any shit like this again.

Once the Fangs got organized, the rest of us split up to
help them hunt the lack
vamp to begin with was pretty tricky; the little bastards

down, one by one. Finding the

didn't want to talk — they never do — and it took some
potent Gifts to loosen their tongues enough that we began

Legends of the Garou: The Gathering Storm


to put together the Leech's movements. When those fal-
tered, I stepped in; I have no real qualms against getting
medieval on a suspect, providing he's rotten enough to
deserve it, and these punks definitely qualified. After they'd
gone a few rounds with a blowtorch they were singing like
canaries, and it didn't take much before we had a good idea
as to where the vamp was hiding out.

As we worked, we slowly began to realize that taking
this guy down wouldn't be easy. He was pretty high rank by
vamp standards, and like all the older sorts he had a lot of
contingency plans in place to deal with situations like
these. But these were mainly meant to deal with human or
vampire threats, not Garou ones. With the Fangs leading
us, we had the resources we needed to dismantle his power
base piece by piece, to the point where we eventually
locked him down in a basement somewhere until we could
deal with him during the day. That's when things really
began to get hopping.

Unfortunately, finding the vamp was the easy part.
Most bloodsuckers go up like kindling during the day, but
this one had built his crypt so that he could act during
daylight hours without exposing himself to sunlight; that
made fighting him difficult. Making things worse was the
fact that he had some well-armed lackeys working for him,
and it took us awhile to deal with them since they were firing
Uzis filled with silver bullets. You'd think he knew the area
or something. While they kept us busy, the vampire himself
used his own Gifts to hide himself in the darkness. He would
snipe at us while we tried to deal with his ghouls, and that
made every inch of ground we gained cost us big time. But
it was only a matter of time before we finished the cannon
fodder, and the vamp knew it. His fear made him sloppy, but
that didn't make him any less dangerous: He had some really
potent gifts working for him, and he took a couple of the
Fangs down before the fight was done. The worst part, the
part that really freaked us out, was the fact that the bastard
had removed his heart! The Silver Fang sept leader thoughthe
had the battle in the bag when he staked the guy through the
chest; that should have been the end of it, really, since that
usually stakes the bastards outright, letting us dismantle
themat leisure. But the vamp just laughed at him and gutted
him like a fish. We were all in Crinos by that point, so the
rest of us swallowed our fear, grabbed him, dragged him into
the sunlight, and watched him go poof. It didn't take long for
him to go up.

Once the vamp was killed, things settled down pretty
quickly. The underlings were all gone, so it didn't take long
for us to spread out and restore some semblance of sanity to
the streets. We managed to round up most of the product

he'd dumped, and that made me relax a bit. There was a lot
of that shit floating around, and no way to control it once it
hit the major distribution points. We also got some lines on
other vampire activities back east. The Fangs took care of
that end of things, since it wasn't really our jurisdiction.

Even though we'd managed to quiet things down, the
battle with the vamp still cost us. We'd lost a few good sept
members on the street, but the Fangs had lost more — and
their losses were major. They'd lost their golden boy, which
hurt them, and they also lost the leader of their sept. That
crippled them as far as Garou politics were concerned, so I
guess that Chris' call was the right one to make. We got a
bigger say in how things are run here, and the new regime
doesn't revolve around kowtowing to the Fangs every time
something happens. Now we're basically the first among
equals — everyone does what we say, but they do it because
we're showing them itcan be done, not because we're telling
them what to do. And I tell myself that, because of that,
things are better. The old regime is out, and now we're all
about getting things done instead of standing on ceremony.
And that's the whole point, isn't it?

I say that, but it doesn't change the fact that it's damn
hard to look in the mirror these days. Things may be better
now, but they were paid for with innocent blood, and |
can't believe that's okay. That can't be what Gaia wants.
I know we're in a war for survival here, and that we
occasionally have to do things we may not be proud of,
but... that just doesn't excuse it. That's not a free pass to
whack anyone we care to just because it's convenient. We
still gotta remember that we're human beings, at least in
part, and we have to act like it. If we can't manage that,
then maybe we don't deserve to survive.

We Lords have always been kinda out there, doing
questionable things in the name of the greater good. And
Chris' actions were classic Shadow Lord behavior — do
what needs to be done so your alpha doesn't have to, and
worry mainly about fixing the problem at hand. If there are
consequences, so be it — suck 'em up and deal with em,
assuming anyone calls you on your actions. But we gotta
keep some perspective here. All we really accomplished
these last few weeks was to take down some glorified crack
dealer, and at the cost of a lot of Garou lives — and I can't
think of anything short of wiping out an entire Hive that
really justifies that many Garou dying. What's the point?
How does that serve Gaia? I don't have any answers, but 1
do know that something's gotta change. We can't keep
going on like this; if we do, we won't need the Wyrm to
drag us into the Apocalypse — we'll do a fine job of
bringing it on ourselves.


Sdemesames SN

BY CHRIS CAMPBELL |
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN
NS


Seer rere sere arene rca Arvo SP remnamrensenerenareh

Gude

Author: Chris Campbell. Werewolf and the World of
Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen.
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Leif Jones, Steve Prescott, Alex Sheikman, Ron
Spencer, Melissa Uran

Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

Cover Design, Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

1554 LITTON DR.

b STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Trinity, Tribebook Shadow Lords, Werewolf the Dark Ages and Werewolf Players Guide are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA

8 Shadow Lords

FLL PS LL DE AT TT IT


Confort

Legewdt of thé Capoy. 7 Pe Catbartag Spore

Chapter Tbe foroseant Eye (Seabaty)

Dapper VTree:] Vurders Phasing (Character Creation)
Dapper Four: Cirardfapters Chavon (Timplatar © Legend)

LO

60
S4


If you don't like us, don't accept our invitations,
and don't invite us to come and see you. Whether you
like it or not, history is on our side.

— Nikita Sergeyevich Kruschev

Well now, you seem to have survived your Rite
of Passage relatively intact. No serious injuries, I
take it? No acts of shame to disgrace the tribe so
early into your tenure as one of us? No? Good. That
is no doubt why they have sent you to old Pavel, so
that they can keep the shifty Galliard off their backs
by saddling him with a cub. No matter; in doing so
they give me power, so it is of no real consequence
tome. Hmmm? No, never mind. I was just thinking
out loud.

So, what you need now is a bit of history, so
that you can effectively situate yourself in the
tapestry of Shadow Lord affairs. You've already
heard the basics, I'm sure, but you still need to

have them fleshed out a bit so that you can under-
stand why we are the way we are. What you should
remember here is that a dozen histories of our tribe
are recorded in various places, and few of them
agree on the details of our past. We are meticulous
scribes, but we are also a pack of liars, so take
anything you hear from me with a grain of salt. It
doesn't really matter if this detail or that is per-
fectly accurate, anyway, since it's the meaning of
these sorts of things that is important.

Ah, distant thunder. It is the sweetest sound in
the world, with all the things it whispers to us. That
is where we begin — in the fires of creation.

Chapter One: The Winds of History 11

N > ES A NY


The Beylontng

You hear much talk nowadays about the first
times, and what the Garou were like when Gaia
made the world. In truth, I suspect that the Garou
weren't much like anything at that time, since we
weren't around. The world went through many,
many ages before Gaia felt the need to create us.
There were no Garou during the time of the dino-
saurs, nor even when the great beasts of Gaia's past
ruled over the Earth. The past was a time of spirit
and balance, and all was as it should have been.

As time rolled by and Gaia's creative persona,
the Weaver, took to creating newer forms, two
beings began to take prominence. One of these was
the wolf, which proved to be one of the most
adaptive of Gaia's creations. It was soon found all
over the world, or at least in all the places worth
noting (that's not entirely true, but I'll get to the
why of that later). Gaia was pleased with it. It was
a rapacious predator, but fiercely devoted to its
family. The other animals of the world adjusted to
accommodate it, and all was well.

Soon, however, another of Gaia's creations be-
gan to rise in importance. These were humans, who
were smart and strong and resilient, and could make
tools, and learn. They had a weird, extended soci-
ety, and so they were very greedy. They needed to
be, to gain any status and do well by their offspring.
So they used all of their gifts to bend Gaia to their
will, and they proved to be quite successful. Their
success was such that they learned to reach beyond
the shackles their environment placed upon them,
and this gave them a degree of freedom and security
undreamed of by other living things. This was a
grand thing for humans; it was not, however, par-
ticularly good for Gaia. It was in fact quite awful for
Her, and the machinations of humanity changed
the world forever. I'm sure many Theurges would
disagree with me, but am convinced that this is the
point where the Severing occurred — the point
where Gaia was separated into a physical realm
(that is, the world around you) and the Umbra, a
realm of spirit. Many animals and spirits alike felt
the loss keenly — I don't think the humans ever
really noticed.

That is why Gaia created Garou to control the
humans. She gave us the form and temperament of
wolves, and the minds and hearts of men, and bade
us walk among both. This was an error on Her part,
since wolves that are not with their families are just
as wicked and domineering as any humans are. But

12 Shadow Lords

[POE Ps ET DL ET ley / 2

then, perhaps that was Her intention all along —
perhaps the only way to control the humans was to
loose upon them a predator whose cruelty and
ferocity were that much greater than anything hu-
manity had to offer. If that is so, then the results of
Her little experiment cannot have surprised Her.

The many Garou Gaia created obeyed Her
wishes to the best of their ability. Some of us made
war on the humans, seeking to crush them under
our heels. Some lived with the humans in peace,
becoming advisors and counselors so that humans
might go about their business wisely. Still others
became a part of human society, and ruled them
from within. All these things and more we did,
because it was Gaia's will that it be so. But She was
not the only one watching. There were other
beings of power that served Her interests, and
some of these took it upon themselves to mold us
in their image.

The Garou that would become the Shadow
Lords settled among the peoples of the great plains
of Asia. That was a wild land, and it was teeming
with endless multitudes of people. We quickly real-
ized that it would be impossible to control them
directly, so we did the next best thing — we con-
trolled their dynasties from within, making our-
selves invaluable to whomever happened to be in
charge at the time and moving on to better pros-
pects when newcomers took their place. It was in
this way that we maintained our place, ruling hu-
manity from the shadows through guile and treach-
ery. We became masters of hidden power, and in so
doing attracted the interest of the mightiest of
Gaia's Incarnae, the one we know today as Grand-
father Thunder. He saw in us the essence of himself:
the rumblings of distant thunder, the smoldering
anger that explodes in a summer storm, the hidden
darkness that turns day to night. He came to us, and
bade us serve him so that we might better serve
Gaia. We could not refuse; while others might look
upon Thunder's dark rumblings with suspicion, we
saw only guile and cunning and wisdom. By accept-
ing his blessings, we became a political force in our
own right. In forging a bond with us, he gave birth
to our tribe just as Gaia had given birth to our
physical forms in centuries past.

Tehbet and the lmperglor

Just as Grandfather Thunder chose us, so too
did other, lesser totems choose other factions of
Garou. This was the birth of the tribes as we know
them. Some Galliards claim that the tribes were

|


formed first, and that they were strengthened by
the patronage of totems later — but that is insult-
ing to the great Incarnae who have offered their
might to our people.

There are always factions there always were,
and there always will be. Thecamps oftour tribe and
others, the secret cults and alliances that attempt to
keep themselves hidden, all of theseyare gatherings
of like-minded Garou that seek a common end. But
those are not tribes. You will hear some Galliards
claim that the tribes arose from factions formed by
the Impergium, that the Children of Gaia were all
objectors or that the Black Furies were those who
insisted on culling only males. These claims are
worthless. The tribes were formed at the beginning
of the Impergium — the task we were created to
perform — not towards the end. The role each tribe
played in the culling was an evolution of their tribal
goals and beliefs, rather than the other way around.

It would be a mistake not to tell you of the
Silver Fangs in those earliest times. With Falcon
the oh-so-noble as their patron, they claimed the
right of leadership. And they were well suited to the
task; they bred well, they carried themselves with
dignity, they had clear voices and they could stir the
emotions of those that lived under them. As with
the humans, we looked at the Silver Fangs and we
saw that it was best not to vie with them for control,
but to reinforce — and subtly guide — their rule for
the good of the newly forming Nation. They were
not perfect, but they were fitting alphas, and we
forged a strong alliance with them. While they
spoke, we acted; while they led the vanguard, we
struck from the flanks. We dirtied our hands so that
they could continue to gleam silver, the seemingly
flawless leaders. We made sacrifices of blood and
honor so that they could shine; it hurt, but it was
worth it to see the Fangs rally the tribes into unity.
Ours was a good partnership... which made it all the
more frustrating when it went sour.

The War of Rage

Now, we Garou were not the only instruments
Gaia made to enforce Her will. No, there were
many, many other Breeds, the Fera, looking to do
Her work, and as we encountered them we made to
tule them as well. It was our pride that drove us to
this, and in its way it was the way of the wolf made
manifest. Each of these different Breeds had gifts
bestowed upon them by Gaia, and we knew that we
had to make use of those gifts if we were to control

Chapter One: The Winds of History

Nl

the humans effectively. We had to see the world
with Gaia's Eyes, to see the past with Her Memory,
and to hear of distant wonders from Her Messen-
gers. We could not appreciate these things for their
own sake, so we tried to take them for our own.

The other Fera were incensed at the very idea
of submitting to our will, and they responded by
turning their backs on their duties to Gaia alto-
gether. After all, we were Her favored children. If
this was how we acted, why should they respect
anything She had to say? But in reacting this way,
they committed the same sin we had. In our pride,
we tried to control them. In their pride, they
sought to defy us. Do not let the apologists mislead
you: The Fera were as guilty of wrongdoing as we
were, every last one of them. What came next
might have been our responsibility, but by Gaia,
we were provoked. If you bait a bear and it attacks
you, you have only yourself to blame. And if you
defy a creature of rage, you have to expect that
you'll be forced to pay the price.

And yet... and yet; When we declared war on
the other Feraj I do not think even we understood
exactly what sit was that' we were doing. We de-
stroyed many of them outright, anddamaged others
such that they wouldnot recover for centuries. Did
you know that there used to be werelynxes here in
Europe? They were sagacious folk, much like their
American kin, but they,had a tradition steeped in
mysticism and/contemplation that we have never
seen the like of before or since. And there were
others... so many others. Children of Falcon, to
hunt the skies, and whispetsof Bat to sing the songs
of Gaia to us at‘night. There were werelynxes to
teach us wisdom, and great old werebears to heal
Gaia's wounds. All of these and more lived among
us, until we destroyed them. If they would not bow
before us, it was obvious that they had turned their
backs on Gaia. Thus, they had to be destroyed.

We did not understand what we were doing, not
until it was too late to stop it. But then, we didn't
really want to think about it too much. We were the
betas of the Garou back then, and we saw it as our
duty to carry out the will of our leaders. It was they
who found the attitudes of the Fera unacceptable.
As such, it was their pride that destroyed the other
Fera, not ours. We were just their executioners.

The Concord

While we were busy fighting the other Fera, the
humans we ruled were chafing under our oh-so-

3

manne :

 —— emma:

Seer era ere rea nares Arvo a rumen aren)

To listen to the other Garou, you'd think the
Lords have been plotting to usurp control of the
Garou Nation for millennia, for as long as we've
called ourselves Shadow Lords. You'd think that
we' ve hated the Silver Fangs forever, and yet haven't
ever managed to supplant them. In a word, you'd
think we're incompetent.

Let's be real. If we had truly been looking for
the perfect opportunity to supplant the Fangs for
that long, don't you think we would have found it
by now? We're not idiots, and we can call in a lot
of favors if we have to. If we'd really hated the
Fangs for this long — and been willing to replace
them — we wouldn't be sitting here a million years
later still playing second-in-command. We would
be in control.

But there are two things to remember. One is
that we don't all hate the Silver Fangs, nor have we
hated them for millennia. But we don't like what
they've become. In the old times, we let them have
first choice of breeding stock and hunting territories.
We became their scapegoats, committing our treach-
eries so they could rule efficiently without being
associated with the shame of dishonorable conduct,
no matter how necessary. We did this so they could
lead well, so they could play their part. They aren't
playing that part any more, and most are too soft

The Cfernal Crvdge

and weak in body or head. Do you see where the
resentment might come from? Our ancestors sacri-
ficed so much for theirs, and they aren't even grate-
ful. Many of us see a grave injustice in that, and we
aren't afraid to act on it.

The second thing is that for all their weaknesses,
they are still the Silver Fangs. Their name has been
associated with leadership for as long as the People
have known tribes, and no matter how many young
homid cubs revolt against the idea of traditional
leadership, their knees still tremble in the presence of
a Fang. Gaia has not denounced them yet, and
Falcon still flies above them. If we were sure that they
were now useless, that the Nation would be better off
with them toppled from the summit, then we would
take action against them — but as longas they are still
the Silver Fangs, and still show the signs of the
chosen, we can never truly be sure.

That is why so many of us resent the Fangs —
because we trusted and relied on them for so long,
and we feel betrayed. And that is why we have not
acted yet — because there may yet be hope for them.
But I tell you this: The feelings of resentment aren't
getting any weaker, and the hope of their resurrec-
tion is fading day by day. We are running out of time
to wait.

— Viola the Knife, Shadow Lord Philodox

gentle touch. After three thousand years of subser-
vience to our rule, they thought they were entitled
to an opinion. They thought they had the right to
challenge us, and to overthrow our authority. We
who were children of Thunder found this to be
laughable; while we did not view leadership as a
right, as the Silver Fangs did, we nonetheless were
not prepared to relinquish it under any circum-
stances. But the humans nonetheless began to take
up arms against us, and we had to bow before the
realization that the whole situation would get a lot
messier than we might care to deal with if some-
thing wasn't done soon.

Each tribe tried to deal with the threat of war
in its own way. The Fenrir wanted to crush them,
while the Silver Fangs wanted to legitimize their
tule using legal precedent. The Children of Gaia
wanted to negotiate a truce, and the Warders
wanted to rule them from within. As for our-
selves, we wanted to use humanity's own pen-

14 Shadow Lords

/ aia ier 2/2

chant for politics and violence against it, using
humanity to control humanity.

Ultimately, we all failed to put the wretched
creatures down. They had grown beyond our ability
tocontrol, and the only options left to us were to let
them go or to simply annihilate them. Some tribes
found the latter option acceptable, but most of us
did not. And so, each tribe shifted the blame for our
failure to the others, and in so doing the tensions
between us grew until we exploded into open con-
flict among ourselves. We, who were created to
pacify the humans, ourselves fell victim to the
portions of ourselves that were human.

Eventually, we more or less came to terms on
how we'd deal with the situation. We agreed to live
in peace, and we agreed to end the Impergium.
Never again, we said, would we make war against
one another, or the other Fera, or the humans. We
would only do as Gaia commanded, and do our best
to control the humans from within.

It was the worst mistake we ever made.


The Rebte of Homanhty

As our pressure on humanity began to ebb, the
humans became free to develop their culture and
their land as they saw fit. We thus saw the begin-
nings of civilization several thousand years ago, in
places like Southeast Asia, Mesopotamia, and
tered regions throughout Africa. Human civ
tion was no place for us, at least not yet, and so we
stayed away. We hoped that the Warders and the
Ratkin (who we didn't manage to kill during the
War of Rage, despite our best efforts) would keep
the humans in check, but both proved to be rather
pitiful when it came to doing their jobs. It wasn't
terribly surprising, but it was disappointing none-
theless. Even then, it was hard to find good help.

Human civilization continued to grow and
change, and they began to develop technology at an
alarming rate. It was bad enough when the apes
went and developed agriculture, but soon they were
coming up with innovative new irrigation tech-
niques, new and better metals for use in tools and
weapons, We watched the rise and fall of many
civilizations, and tentatively began to get involved
in the development of each. Sumeria, Egypt, the
Hittites, Greece, Babylon — all were fascinating
experiments in the development of humanity. But
things didn't really start hopping until Rome rose to
power. That was when the game we Lords excel at
was refined to a high art, but it was also when the
world went straight to hell.

Rowe

What was that? Ah. No, Nero wasn't a product
of our influence. Neither was Caligula. None of
Rome's emperors were, actually. Everyone thinks
they should be, but the truth of the matter is that
the emperors weren't really that interesting to us.
Sure, they had the power to control the empire,
but they were too high profile. No, the ones who
were intriguing from a Shadow Lord viewpoint
were the senators. Human and Shadow Lord alike
refined the fine art of politics during Rome's early
days, and as the Empire neared its end we'd turned
it into a science.

Now, the Romans weren't our people. Our Kin
lay with the barbarian tribes farther north, and so
didn't make it to the Empire until shortly before its
collapse. In point of fact, our Kin were the indig-
enous people who resided in Central Asia before
the barbarian migrations began, but things got so
mixed around that the people who would become
the Slavs became our de facto Kin during the later

15
AD OE TON,

iN

Sere er rene ee ener ener ener

stages of the Roman Empire. But we still took an
interest in the Empire, as it was filled with men who
thirsted for power and were willing to do all the
politicking and warmongering necessary to take
and hold that power. So we found them to be
fascinating folk, and made sure to follow their
activities as best we could.

In addition to politics, we learned a heck of alot
about tactics and military strategy from the early
days of the Roman Empire. Of particular impor-
tance were the Punic Wars, where such notables as
Hannibal, Scipio Africanus, and a number of others
made their names and taught us lessons which are
still quite useful even today. We played both sides of
the fence there, instigating battles here and there
just to see what the humans would do. Anyone who
could come up with the idea of massing elephants in
northern Africa, marching them through Spain and
Gaul and into Northern Italy, and then using them
for an attack on Rome just has to be admired.
Anyone who could defeat someone with such a
brilliant idea should practically be worshipped as a
god. And so, we stuck with them, because they were
fascinating creatures.

Sadly, our understanding of the inner workings
of human politics didn't do much to help us to
control them. We had to rely increasingly on Kin
intermediaries to get results — it was never a city
that was easy on a werewolf's nerves — and predict-
ably, those Kin were not as efficient as we would
have been ourselves. The Empire continued to
expand, and there wasn't much we could do about
it. Assassination helped a lot, though. If not for
that, which we practiced regularly, the Empire might
have expanded far beyond its already significant
historical size. As things stood, we had to be con-
tent with forcing the Empire to crumble somewhere

in the middle of the 6 century AD.
Oritthavtty, or
Fiow fhe World Went to -loff

On the subject of Anno Domini, one of the
most important developments of the Roman era
was the rise of Christianity. This faith marked a
turning point in the development of human
thought, and it had a massive impact on our way of
life for three main reasons. First, it developed the
monotheistic deity concept to a point where it
gained widespread acceptance among all of West-
ern humanity. While Judaism introduced the idea,
it was Christianity that truly popularized it and

A ee

Shadow Lords

made it accessible to humans of all ethnic back-
grounds. As its influence grew, the influence of
other faiths necessarily decreased. Further, its ex-
clusivity made its more zealous adherents prone to
acts of extreme violence, both against their fellow
humans and against supernatural entities like us.
As the faith's power grew, life in Europe became
extremely unpleasant for us.

Christianity was also important because it
represented the early roots of institutionaliza-
tion, where a religious or political idea becomes
an entity with power beyond the people that
adhere to it. Christianity wasn't just about the
Roman Empire; it was about the Church. This
was a concept we were utterly unprepared to deal
with, just because of the sheer scale of the thing.
The world was a much smaller place at the time,
and it was difficult for us to understand that a
non-political institution could exercise such great
control over so significant an area. If we control
an aristocrat, we might control a house or a town.
If we control a senator, we control a region. If we
control a king, we control all the lands he counts
as his own. This is straightforward enough. But if
we control an institution like the Church... we
control everyone who is a part of that institution.
It reaches beyond political boundaries, beyond
cultural barriers, beyond everything we know of
and touches everyone in the world. If we could
control that, the power at our disposal, the power
to influence humanity, would be enormous. Sadly,
someone beat us to the punch.

You see, the third impact Christianity had on
our way of life lay with the vampires that quickly
sprang up within it. These foul beings were steeped
in human culture toa degree we couldn'teven begin
to duplicate, and they realized the potential the
Church had to offer just as quickly as we did. The
fact that they could create progeny at will gave
them numbers we couldn't match, and so of course
their influence spread like wildfire.

We had dealt with vampires before, of course.
They were all over the place in Rome, but they had
to be careful since they couldn't very well control
anyone important — senators can't restrict their
activities to nighttime, after all, which meant that
we maintained an edge of sorts in Rome itself. But
the Christians were not centralized, and that made
them much easier to control than the nice, cen-
tralized Roman government was. Something had
to be done.


The luyportance of a Ciood Sackthag

Well, as it happened plenty was done. There
were quite a few ambitious individuals in the bar-
barian tribes running around beyond Rome's bor-
ders, and it didn't take much prompting to get our
Kin to start invading the Empire like it was a
mandate from on high. The invasions came in
waves, hammering away at the Empire's defenses.
The Visigoths kicked things off by invading Italy in
about AD 400 or so, and the Vandals followed it up
by sacking Rome fifty years later. A half-dozen
other tribes got involved in the fray over the course
of two hundred years or so, giving the Romans
trouble everywhere from Britain down to Carthage.

During the course of the invasions, the Van-
dals, Visigoths, and Huns wound up migrating
through much of what would become Germany,
France, Spain, Italy, and Eastern Europe. We went
with them, toa greater or lesser extent, both to keep
an eye on them and to see just how much they might
be able to accomplish. The upshot of all of this is
that our Kin, and we along with them, wound up
pretty thoroughly distributed throughout the Em-
pire and all of its holdings, at least in the west. This
is the first reason why we now have caerns scattered
across North Africa, Spain, and parts of France and
Italy, in addition to our tribal homelands. Most
Garou are surprised to find that we're so diverse,
but, well, there you go. The idea that results were
more important than ethnic "purity" has been im-
bedded in our tribe forever, and this was simply one
of the larger pieces of evidence.

Asa side note here, I want to point out that the
Huns weren't really involved in taking down the
Empire, and that they never sacked Rome. The
farthest they got, in fact, was Northern Italy, and
that was long after the Visigoths and the Vandals
had been making life miserable for the Empire for
the better part of a century. Some Glass Walker
once told me that Attila marched into Rome on a
bunch of elephants, which is utter nonsense. I'm
not even sure where the Huns were supposed to
have gotten the elephants, seeing as how they came
from Central Asia, and never got much father than
Turkey in the south and France in the west. You'd
think with all their access to technology that the
Walkers would open a book now and then.

Anyway, what's important to note here is that
these weren't just a bunch of crude barbarians; on
the contrary, they were enormously sophisticated
people, and they gave rise to a number of kingdoms
which have matured into the European countries

CC aaa

a

Chapter One: The Winds of History

we recognize today. We saw the potential they
represented even this early in the game, and turning
them loose on a crumbling and rotten empire to
fracture Christianity and give the tribes some power
just seemed like a win-win situation from our point
of view. What we didn't count on was two things:
first, that the empire would go and split into two
parts shortly before the invasions, thus leaving at
least part of it intact; and second, that another
religion would spring from Judaism, this one cen-
tered in the Middle East. This new religion was
Islam, and it became the next big thing in the world.

The So-Called Dark Agat

Perhaps I am simply thin-skinned, but I happen
to take exception to the notion that the period
following the sacking of Rome was a particularly
"dark" time. It wasn't dark. It was, in fact, one of the
most fascinating periods in all of human history.
With the fall of Rome, a number of competing
kingdoms rose up to take its place. In Iberia (which
would become Spain), the kingdom of the Visigoths
was rising to power. The Vandals retained their
hold on the northern coast of Africa, and the
Ostrogoths took over what remained of the western
Roman Empire. The northern regions were consoli-
dated under the Franks, which gave the Fianna a
home. Britain, for its part, was just sacked, and it
actually was pretty dull. But in the east... oh my.
Exyzantoe

The eastern Roman Empire became the Byzan-
tine Empire, and this would recapture much of
Rome's lost glory. The most notable of its emperors
was Justinian, who was Shadow Lord Kin. He was a
guileful sort, but not very bright. His wife Theodora,
however, was another story, and she was one of ours.
She encouraged him to recapture much of Rome's
past prominence, and he did a fair job of it. He also
codified Roman law, turning it into one of the best
legal codes ever developed, and did a fair job of
bolstering the eastern branch of Christianity, which
never became as ambitious or as problematic as its
western counterpart. Sadly, he couldn't hold his
territories against the Germanic tribes to the north
or the Persians to the east, so the empire was
eventually worn away. Oh well. Nobody's perfect.

The Balkans

One of the reasons we took such an interest in
the Byzantine Empire lies in the fact that its primary
power centers were for the most part right on our

17
mene

[nn nn rrr rn

front doorstep. It never quite made it to the Visigoth
homelands, but it was pretty close. This made the
Byzantines nice and accessible to us, and that made
it one of our fondest memories. Sadly, it was in-
fested with vampires, and they did a fine job of using
the Empire's power to crush its citizenry. I think
that Justinian and his Shadow Lord wife were the
only people in power that weren't bloodsuckers.
When the Empire faltered, the vampires retreated
to the Balkans, and as I'll explain later they became
quite problematic there.

li

As I said awhile ago, the growth of Islam soon
became the next big thing in the world. It began in
the Middle East, but soon grew to encompass terri-
tory from Afghanistan to, believe it or not, Spain.
Throughout the middle of the 8th century Islamic
power continued to increase, and for the most part
we just watched it grow. It didn't seem to be fettered
with the same vampiric woes as the Christian states,
and with the exception of the Spanish and North
African regions (particularly those west of Tripoli)
it wasn't a setting that was rich with our Kin. Many
of us traveled through the area just to see what it
had to offer, but the few Garou in the area were
mostly Silent Striders, and there was no real place
for our Kin throughout the Eastern Caliphate. The
West, however, was another matter.

The Arabs proved to be quite successful in their
conquest of Northern Africa, which was rather
unpleasant for us. Their military might was all but
unstoppable, and they managed to handily destroy
the kingdom the Vandals had established there
some two hundred years before. As they consoli-
dated their power they also destroyed Carthage,
along with a good many of our own Kin. Years later,
they invaded the Iberian Peninsula, which they
would hold for many years, and in so doing de-
stroyed the kingdom of the Visigoths as well; what
Kin we had there were either assimilated by the
Arabs or forced to flee northward into the Kingdom
of the Franks. While our homelands were safe, at
least from the Arabs, our extended Kinfolk network
was being crushed.

Despite the destruction visited upon our Kin,
some of the Lords in Spain couldn't help but admire
the invading Arabs. They had come all the way
from Mecca, grinding all that stood in their way to
dust, all for the glory of their faith. While Chris-
tianity sought to unify the world and bend Gaia to
its will, Islam seemed content to destroy their hu-
man opponents, learning about the world around

|


them only to the extent that it furthered their
religious goals. The strength and ambition they
displayed could win the affection of even the most
hardened Lord, and many chose to remain in To-
ledo or Cordoba just so they could learn more about
this new and alien culture.

While the Islamic Empire initially seemed like
an unstoppable juggernaut, a number of key defeats
at Tours, Constantinople, and Cyprus halted their
forward momentum. The empires would persist for
several hundred years, but they would never regain
their forward momentum on Western European
soil. This left our Spanish Kin free to return to their
territories, and the Lords from that region (and
their descendents in the Americas) yet retain a
Moorish cast to their features.

Oarlermagpe

The last great stab at an empire in Europe came
at the hands of Charlemagne, a Frankish king who
sought to unify lands from Iberia to the Slavic states
containing our homelands into a renewed empire
on the scale of classical Rome. It was a noble effort,
and much of that empire's former glory was re-
stored. In the meantime, the Slavic peoples that
now populated the majority of our homelands had
to deal with invasions from the Bulgarians in the
east and the Scandinavians from the north. These
latter people set up trade routes between their
homeland and Constantinople, and in the process
created permanent settlements along these trade
routes. These three influences — Slavic, Bulgarian,
and Scandinavian — created the culture which
now dominates Eastern Europe, and the Scandina-
vians themselves gave rise to Russia.

Unfortunately, the only thing holding the em-
pire together was Charlemagne himself. When he
died in 814, the empire fractured into three parts,
one of which was the Holy Roman Empire. This
particular state is noteworthy due to the fact that it
was not particularly holy, wasn't Roman, and cer-
tainly wasn't an empire. It was, however, a potent
political force in Europe for several centuries, and it
was ultimately responsible for creating one of the
most horrific individuals the world has ever seen.
I'll get back to Vlad a bit later, though; plenty of
history between now and then to get through first.

The Crysadet

As the proto-nation states of Europe began to
vie for power, they sponsored some fairly silly
endeavors. One of these was the conquest of the
Middle East. It wasn't enough that they'd managed

a

to halt the Islamic advance into Europe — no, now
they had to force the Arabs back to Mesopotamia,
and retake the city of Jerusalem. There was no
point to any of this, really. It was just Christian
zealots throwing their weight around, and in all
likelihood it was also a way to give fighting men
something to do so that no one would raise an army
and go threaten the ruling families. And of course,
our homelands became their stomping grounds,
since we were right there on the way to the Holy
Land. I mention this because it explains some of
the things that happened later, which I'll get to in
a short while.

There were eight Crusades in total, but only the
first one could really be called a success. Unfortu-
nately for the Christians, the Muslims were much
stronger than their opponents, and had no trouble
whatsoever retaking the Christian conquests once
they finally got around to it. For all the Crusaders'
self-glorification, the Muslims didn't seem to even
notice their efforts.

Interestingly, while the Crusades were going on,
ahuge amount of information and trade was reaching
Europe from Islamic sources. This included a fair
amount of the knowledge Europe lost when Rome
fell, which had been preserved and expanded by the
Islamic heirs to Rome's power. This sparked the
infamous Renaissance, which hit Europe right about
the time the Mongols started seriously kicking the
crap out of Asia.

The Mongol Vlorde

The Mongol influence in Asia was nothing
new. Our own ancestors are not too far removed
from the Mongols themselves, and they'd been
sending incursions into Europe for quite some time.
The Golden Horde took and held Russia for much
of its history, and the Bulgarians who invaded the
Slavic states during Charlemagne's reign were an
offshoot of that Tartar invasion. By the time the
12th century rolled around, the Mongols held nearly
all of Asia, and they had their eyes set on points
farther west. It wasn't long before they sacked
Baghdad, crushing the power of the Islamic Cali-
phates, and Hungary felt their power soon after. We
and our Kin were right in the thick of the invasion,
and if the accounts are even half true the Mongols
were the most terrifying military force ever fielded.
What's more, they were, for the most part, entirely
human.

While we fought the Mongols as best we could,
many of us nevertheless had to admire their sound
grasp of tactics and their unrelenting ferocity. This

Chapter One: The Winds of History 19

CE ES Ae EN


The Mongol Lordt

The Shadow Lords were not the only ones
who admired the Mongols' ferocity. Their spiri-
tual brethren, the Hakken, were enamored with
them as well, to the point where some groups
assimilated themselves into the Mongol cul-
ture. These Garou, children of Grandfather
Thunder just as the Shadow Lords are, ruled the
battlefield like no others, and many rose to
positions of power and prestige as the Mongols
embarked on their quest to rule all of Asia.

The Mongol Lords reside in a strange middle
ground between east and west; they are descended
from the Hakken, but have little in common with
the Beast Courts of the East. They are culturally
similar to the Shadow Lords of the West, but have
no real ties with the tribe. They are truly a breed
apart.

If you are running a chronicle using the
Werewolf: the Dark Ages setting, it is quite
appropriate to include the Mongol Lords if you
feel that doing so will enrich the story. For game
purposes, treat the Mongol Lords as you would
the Western Shadow Lords; their gifts, rites, and
general social structure are very similar. Always
remember, however, that they are not Western
Shadow Lords. They have very different roots,
and view the Western Lords as distant cousins at
best. Despite the similarities between their cul-
ture and that of their Western brethren, the
Mongol Lords identify with the Hakken to a

much greater extent.

was a people whose idea of diplomacy included
razing resistant cities to the ground and slaughter-
ing all who dared oppose them, with no thought
whatsoever to mercy or compassion. We hated them
with a passion, of that there's no doubt, but at the
same time we learned a great deal from them, and
the hatred and resolve they taught us would prove
to be extremely useful in the years to come.

The Offerman Enyphre

The fallout from the Mongol conquest of Asia
was enormous. Many of the effects of such a cam-
paign are obvious, but one of the most significant
developments was the flood of refugees that in-
vaded Asia Minor, then called Anatolia. Most of
these were Turkic speaking peoples, and in the
wake of the fall of the Islamic Caliphates a number
of Turkish warlords made bids for power within the
region, turning it into a war zone. It was inevitable

Sere ere rene ene ener eer ener

2

ee

that one ruler or another would eventually gain the
upper hand, and the resulting unification of the
Turkish tribes gave rise to the Ottoman Empire.
Capitalizing on much of the ideology and infra-
structure of the Islamic states, the Ottomans be-
came one of the more enduring empires in Asia
Minor, and their influence on the development of
our tribe was incalculable.

In response to the threat posed by the Otto-
mans, the Holy Roman Emperor created the Order
of the Dragon, a semi-military and religious society
operating along the same lines as the Teutonic
Knights or the Hospitalers of Saint John. The man-
date of the order was to repulse the Turks in Eastern
Europe, and the knights inducted by the Emperor
did so to the best of their ability. One of these
knights, of course, was Vlad Dracul — the father of
the being the world would come to know as Vlad
Tepes, or Dracula.

During this time, our Kin decided that they'd
had enough of being kicked around. They had to
deal with invasions by the Bulgarians, the Scandi-
navians, the crusading knights, the Mongols, and a
host of lesser threats over the course of centuries.
We Shadow Lords thought this was all quite inter-
esting, since ambitions ran high during the course
of every invasion and the opportunities for digging
our claws into human politics were many and de-
lightful. But even we had to feel sympathy for our
Kin when the Turks began their campaigns. These
were a people who, like their Arab forebears, were
completely alien to us, and their penchant for con-
quest and bloodshed were such that we simply could
not stand by and watch our Kin be slaughtered. We
had to get involved somehow, even if it meant
allying ourselves with a monster.

Dracula didn't begin life as the beast legend
remembers him as. He was initially a fairly unre-
markable man, who followed his father to the throne
of Wallachia (a portion of Hungary that would later
become the heart of Romania) in 1437. For political
reasons, however, he was kidnapped by the Otto-
mans five years later, and held by them for another
six years beyond that (when his father was assassi-
nated). Seventeen years old, Vlad's thirst for ven-
geance led him to join with the Turks ina campaign
to hunt down his father's assassins, and for a time
the son of Dracul seemed to be satisfied.

At this point, our Kin thought they might
finally enjoy some peace under a strong ruler. As it
turned out, however, this was anything but true. In
fact, Dracula proved to be a man of incalculable
cruelty, one who delighted in devising all manner of

Shadow Lords

ier / 1


tortures for the people who opposed him. His favor-
ite punishment was impalement, which of course
led to his title of Vlad Tepes — Vlad the Impaler. It
is assumed by many versed in supernatural affairs
that Vlad's vampirism was the source of his cruelty,
but this is not the case. Far from it — the son of
Dracul only attracted the attention of the fiends
that plagued our Kin because of his cruelty. After six
years of rule, he was finally taken in and turned into
acreature of the night. It was then that he chose to
turn on his Turkish allies, and it was then that we
had to support him.

I'm sure it seems odd that we would throw our
support behind one of the cruelest and most mali-
cious vampires the world has ever seen. But you
have to remember that our goal as Garou isn't to
protect humanity — our goal is to protect Gaia from
humanity. While we had no particular desire to see
our Kin suffer, we nonetheless had to do what we
could to undermine whatever human empires were
prevalent at the time. There are two reasons: one is
that because such empires allowed humans to con-
solidate their power, and the other is because they
gave creatures like vampires a means to embed
themselves in institutions in ways which protected
them from our claws. And so, oddly, it turned out
that in this place, at this time, it made sense to ally
ourselves with the Impaler simply because he was
fighting against the newest and most successful of
the Islamic empires, and undermining the stability
of human society in the process. Most importantly,
however, was the fact that for once it wasn't our
people who were being trampled upon for a change.

Vlad's early campaigns were quite successful.
He managed to score many victories along the
banks of the Danube River, and forced the Turks
back into Bulgaria. However, he was hardly pre-
pared for what came next. The sultan Mehmed II's
anger was such that he mounted a full-scale inva-
sion of Wallachia, and it was only then that we
realized the depths of our stupidity. You see, Vlad
was forced to retreat to the Wallachian capital of
Tirgoviste, and it seems his vampiric progenitors
had taught him a thing or two about terror. In his
efforts to stem the tide of the Turkish invasion he
left thousands of people impaled in the wake of his
retreat. Most of these were Turkish prisoners, but
Vlad had no qualms whatsoever about impaling our
Kin just as readily. And so, by allying ourselves with
Vlad, we managed to compromise our principles,
aid an invasion of our lands by the Turks, and
ensure that our people suffered more than they ever
would have under Vlad alone. We could hardly

Chapter One: The Winds of History

Cana

ee

have failed more spectacularly if we'd read a manual
on the subject.

But we are Shadow Lords, and we learn from our
mistakes. Though Vlad escaped the siege of Poenari
castle mounted by his brother, who had chosen to
join with the Turks, he did not escape the grasp of
the new monarch of Hungary, Matthias Corvinus.
Corvinus threw Vlad in prison, where all the vam-
pires in the world could not help him. You see, the
monarch knew of Vlad's true nature, and was care-
ful to bind him carefully so that the vampire could
not cause any more trouble. We had some hand in
that; we may be lacking in judgment at times, but by
Gaia we do fix the messes we create.

Ultimately, Wallachia became a vassal state of
the Ottomans. We didn't care for that much, but it
was a damn sight better than dealing with the
Impaler's madness. He came back for a brief stint in
1475, but he was a shadow of his former self. We
eliminated him fairly easily at that point, and ended
his madness forever... or so we'd hoped. This is
where the tale gets a little strange. Centuries later,
some hack writer named Stoker decided he was
going to tell the tale of Dracula, and in the process
turn the guy into the poster child for vampires.
What's strange about it is the fact that he focused
almost entirely on the guy's vampirism, leaving out
his campaigns against the Turks altogether. So
while we saw him as a hero/tyrant who stood against
our mutual enemies, the world sees him as this
tragic figure who's defined by his vampirism. It's
rather absurd, but that's the human writer's per-
spective for you.

The Renabeance

The massive increase in trade among empires
precipitated by the growth of knowledge in the
West led to the Europeans' acquisition of three
inventions heretofore known only in China: gun-
powder, the compass, and movable type. Gunpow-
der allowed the Europeans and the Muslims alike to
make firearms, which were responsible for much of
the Ottoman Empire's successes (including the tak-
ing of Constantinople in 1453). The widespread use
of firearms took war to a whole new level, and it
made humanity that much more difficult to control.
Movable type made widespread printing of books a
possibility, and this led to Europeans becoming
more and more educated (when they cared to, that
is). It also broke the stranglehold Christianity had
on Western Europe, placing the fates of its king-
doms in the hands of monarchs instead of priests.
And the compass... well, that was the most influen-

1

ere

na nn array

ll

a AA

tial invention of all, since it allowed for the easy
navigation of seas even far away from land, which in
turn led to the age of exploration. The world was
about to become quite a bit larger, and the Garou
were about to discover all new battlegrounds on
which to fight the forces of the Wyrm.

On the upside, however, our homes in the
Balkans stabilized to some extent under Ottoman
tule. The people chafed under the leadership of the
Turks, and there was near-constant internal strife,
but from our viewpoint it worked out reasonably
well. The Ottoman Empire was stable up through
the 17th century or so, and things didn't really start
to break down until about the early 19th century.
That meant that even though we were an occupied
state, we still had relative peace to console us — and
that meant that the vampiric bastards who contin-
ued to try to take our lands and feed on our Kin were
kept in check to an even greater extent than we
were. For awhile there, before the technological
advances of the Industrial Revolution made the
very thoughta fairy tale, we actually believed things
might be okay. Silly us.

The Age of Exploration

As Classical knowledge and scholarship flooded
back into Western Europe, the continent saw a
flourishing of sorts, kicking technological develop-
ment, the growth of the arts, and nation-building
into high gear. While this era represents a remark-
able period of growth and development for human-
ity, it also represents one of the Garou's greatest
failures. This is when the genie was fully loosed
from the bottle, and once it was there would be no
going back. Any illusion of control we still main-
tained over humanity was crushed, and we com-
pleted our transition from lords of humanity to
guerillas doing the best they could to fight off the
ever-growing presence of the Wyrm in the world.

The New Worf

The discovery of new lands to the west of the
Atlantic Ocean came as no surprise to us. Like all
the Garou, we had long known of the existence of
these lands. Many people did, as it happens. The
Scandinavians had known of these lands for quite
some time, and it doesn't take a genius to figure out
that since the world was round (which was accepted
as fact since the time of Classical Greece). It stood
to reason that there might well be something be-
sides water between Europe and Asia. For our part,
a quick peek into the Umbra is all that was needed
to tell us that moon bridges existed which went
beyond European caerns. We just had no reason to

22


use those bridges, since our protectorates were right
here in Europe. We assumed that the rest of Gaia's
lands had their own protectors, and left them to
their own devices.

Imagine our shock and dismay, then, when we
learned our confidence was so horribly unjustified.

Eastern Europe didn't make much of an effort to
get into the colonization business. Most of our lands
are landlocked, after all, and exploring the world is
something best left to nations with actual ships
available to do the exploring. But our Spanish
cousins were right in the thick of it, and while the
Silver Fangs and the Fianna colonized North
America it fell to us to accompany the Spaniards in
their exploration of points farther south. What they
discovered changed the Garou world forever.

As you learn more and more about the Garou,
you will sooner or later come into contact with
those who bemoan the loss of the "Pure Lands," or
the Americas, to the avarice of the West. You will
hear us labeled as Wyrmcomers, and you will see us
painted as rapacious invaders who would not settle
for anything other than the complete extermina-
tion of the peaceful natives who inhabited these
lands. Before you get taken in with this line of
thetoric, let me tell you this: everything you'll hear
is a load of horseshit. The "Pure Lands" weren't
pure, not bya long shot. The details get muddy, but
the gist of what I'm getting at is that most of the
Mesoamerican tribes of humans had practices which
were every bit as bad as anything Vlad the Impaler
ever managed to dream up. The Toltecs, for ex-
ample, practiced ritual cannibalism, and I've heard
theories recently that an offshoot of their tribe
made its way up to the lands of the Anasazi and
turned them into some of the most twisted humans
ever to grace Gaia's world with their presence.
Another branch turned into the Aztecs, who en-
gaged in wars just so they could gather captives for
use in religious sacrifices. The Mayans were no
better, and they actually believed that without a
human sacrifice the sun would stop shining and the
world would end. Even today, their altars and pyra-
mids are so stained with blood that a sense of evil
permeates the ruins of that civilization.

What's that? Well, yes, that's a good point. I
have made it a point of order that we aren't terribly
interested in protecting humanity, so I suppose that
on the face of it there's no real reason we should
have been horrified by what we saw. What you have
to remember, however, is that it wasn't just the
killing of others that horrified us. We see that all
the time, and it's no big deal when all is said and

Chapter One: The Winds of History

Ne

Speer semen mes amwasere reese Ne ame

done. No, what horrified us was the institutional-
ization of human sacrifice, and the use of religion to
justify it. Vlad Dracula was an instrument of the
Wyrm, even before his embrace by vampires. Our
failure to handle that situation at all well made us
paranoid about avoiding the same mistake in the
future, so when we saw it here — the slaughter of
human beings as a matter of religious orthodoxy,
rather than just the whims of a tyrant — we could
not tolerate it. The Spaniards felt the same way
(although I imagine their sense of morality was also
stirred by the copious amounts of gold that these
empires "wrongly" possessed). There is a difference
between war and butchery, and we could not stand
by and allow this to happen.

Making things worse for the so-called pure tribes
was the fact that these humans were not simply
living in harmony with their environment. They
were rather sophisticated in a technical sense, and
they were actively transforming the environment
around them to support their growing numbers and
their own decadent desires. Yes, | know this seems
a bit (more than a bit!) like the pot calling the
kettle black, but the truth of the matter is that we
just failed in our duties to Gaia in Europe, and we'd
be damned if we failed Her again here. The Fera of
the New World had failed to keep humanity in
check, so it fell to us to do it for them. Few of us
knew how far that would go, though, and to be
honest I think it's quite possible that even fewer of
us would have cared if we did.

The Second War of Rage

If an empire is corrupt, is the empire to blame,
or are its leaders? When I look at regimes like the
Nazis of Germany, or the Maoist regime of China,
or Stalin's purges in the USSR, the answer is obvi-
ous to me. And that answer gives the lie to what |
said just nowt was clear the religious hierarchy of
the Mayans and their related tribes was thoroughly
corrupt, and acting in accord with the will of the
Wyrm. There were Fera who were affiliated with
these humans; indeed, some of them even held
ranks of power within the Mayan hierarchy. The
stink of the Wyrm was everywhere, and it was so
horrifying to us that we did'the only thing we could
think to do: we killed them all.

It was the wrong decision, of course. Had we
thought things out a little more carefully, we would
have realized that these rituals and customs couldn't
have been practiced by all the people and shifters
in Mexico. That was, in fact, perfectly obvious.
But we didn't pay any attention to that disturbing

3

i .

|

It's worth taking a moment to consider why
the Shadow Lords were so repulsed by what they
found in the Americas. To do so, we need to look
at the native shifters of this land, and understand
why their activities might have fanned such in-
credible hatred in the Garou from across the sea.

First, consider the Balam. Under their watch-
ful eye, humanity did a fair job of keeping itself in
check via terrible wars of annihilation. From a
human perspective this is pretty cold, but from a
Gaian one it's Fera doing what is,méc@8Sary to
ensure that humans do not become a problemillt's
likely that things got a bit ourof control, and that
the results went far beyorid what the Balam in-
tended, but that's neither here nor there. The
point is that the Shadow Lords encountered a
society ruled by priests, some of them Balam, who
practiced blood sacrifices so that they could con-
trol their people via terror. Despite the cultural
differences, these practices must have seemed to
the Lords to be disturbingly similar to those of
their old foes, the Tzimisce vampires. Given the
whole mess with Dracula a mere century before, it
is no surprise at all that the Lords reacted so
violently to seeing the same sorts of things prac-
ticed by the Balam.

Also reinforcing the Tzimisce imagery were
the Camazotz, strange bat-shifters that looked for
all the world like the most powerful vampires did
in their war forms. Of course it's true that the

Why Se Nuch Haprod?

Camazotz were the most harmless of Gaia's chil-
dren, but the Lords didn't see that — they saw
humans who transformed into bats, just as the
vampires did, and who consorted with other Fera
who sacrificed human beings in bloody rituals.
That will push even sane Garou over the edge,
especially given where the Lords were coming
from at the time.

Making matters even more tense was the
presence of the Mokolé, a Fera breed totally ab-
sent fromethe Lords' oral history and culture.
They might have heard legends of the crocodile-
shifters now and then, but they were still ex-
tremely foreign creatures that transformed into
reptiles. What really damned them in the Shadow
Lords' eyes, however, was the fact that their hy-
brid forms were highly varied, and usually huge.
The overall effect, then, was not unlike what the
Lords remembered from an earlier, much more
dangerous period in their history: fighting the
Zmei, long before the Impergium ended.

These three things — Balam blood sacri-
fices, the bat affinity of the Camazotz, and the
reptilian nature of the Mokolé — are what
damned the native Fera of the Americas in the
Shadow Lords' eyes. This does not by any means
excuse the behavior of the Lords during this time
(and isn't intended to), but it does offer insight
into the misunderstanding that sparked their
genocidal rage.

little fact. We saw enemies, and we remembered
the Impaler, and we made a snap decision to make
sure this sort of thing just couldn't happen ever
again. An entire people paid for that decision with
their lives.

The Second War of Rage had many casualties.
The Balam were nearly completely destroyed, for it
was they who were closest to the heart of the Mayan
Empire. The few survivors retreated to their forests
in South America, where they have been recover-
ing ever since. The Ananasi, always unnerving to
us, were killed on principle — they were so fond of
bloodletting, so it was obvious to us that they
couldn't be favored children of Gaia. The Mokolé,
so silent and unforthcoming, were the very visage of
the Wyrm. What clutches they had in Mexico were
eliminated, but they didn't put up much fight. That
stemmed the flow of our rage a bit, at least against
them, but it would be awhile before we understood
why they did that. The Nuwisha, the werecoyotes,

Seen eran ere enna APU sn AF-S SPL ana senerenarv

24
hh —_—

didn't suffer much, but that's because they just up
and left for the Umbra as soon as things went to hell.
The native Garou, the Uktena, suffered for their
secretive ways. We felt they had betrayed us by
allowing the Mayans to rage unchecked, when in
reality they were doing the best they could to fix the
crises that did come up. They were just one tribe,
after all, and the other Fera really weren't much
help (and some, like the Balam, were part of the
problem). That left the Camazotz...

The Camazotz. Of all the Fera in existence, the
Camazotz were the ones who were closest to Gaia.
They were Her voice, and when the war started they
spoke to Her and asked Her what they should do.
But what could She tell them? What could She say
when Her children were set on fighting one an-
other? There was nothing She could say, and so the
Camazotz didn't know what to do. This is why they
allowed the Mayan perversity to continue: the Balam
were at the heart of it, and how could any of the Fera

Shadow Lords

iy /,


change things without going to war against the
Balam? Nobody wanted that, and yet when we came
in and did just that —started a war — they knew there
was nothing they could do to stop us. And so they
did nothing. They did nothing, and they said noth-
ing, and we killed them all, one by one.

When the last of the Camazotz died, something
changed in us. The werebat's cry tore through us,
roaring so loud as to make the greatest thunder a
mere whisper. But it wasn't the death cry of a single
werebeast, oh no. Instead it was the horrible cry of
extinction, that hollow sound that accompanies
the final breath of a species who will never see the
world again. And with that sound all of us, every
Shadow Lord in the world, fell to the ground as one,
weeping in grief. It was too late, of course, but I
think we finally recognized the enormity of what we
had done. Gaia was never quite the same after that.
It was quite a while before She forgave us, and even
now there's a sorrow in the Umbra that will prob-
ably never go away. Recently, though, we've taken
steps to help redress the issue. That's a more recent
topic, though, and there's a lot to talk about be-
tween now and then, so bear with me.

The Sporn Caper

No one knows where the Storm Eater came
from. Well, that's what most Garou will tell you,
anyway. We know exactly where it came from: it
was loosed upon thé world by the death cry of the
last Camazotz, and itis our punishment for embark-
ing on another War of Rage.We, should have
known) better the horror of the act the first time
around should have been enough. But we Were
stupid, and the'Get of Fentisand the Silver Fangs
and the Glass Walkers were stupidhin parts farther
north. They didn't see the things we saw in Mexico,
but theywere happysenough to jéin inon the;fun.
They're Garou,fter all; they're stupid like that.

We're not sute exactly how the death of the
Camazotz and the Storm Eater are related, but the
prevailing theory. is thatthe death cry shook the
Umbral world a bit, and caused!Gaia.to convulse.
Many of the'wards laid downsby the Croatan, and
maintainéd by the Uktena, were loosened'that day.
Most,were patched up easily enough;'the Uktena
are good af that, which is why wedon't bother them
much. But the Storm Eater was just too powerful to
deal with, and it got loose. In the process, it put the
"wild" in the moniker "Wild West."

The Storm Eater ravaged the Umbra for de-
cades, making life difficult for Garou and Wyrm
alike until the Two Moons pack (led by a Silver

CC aa

Sesame ee arwesere cree ee

Chapter One: The Winds of History

Fang, no less; who would have thought it?) finally
discovered a way to defeat it. As it turns out, the
method they discovered required a great sacrifice
from each of the extant tribes of Garou — thirteen
of our greatest warriors would have to sacrifice
themselves to bind the great Bane forever. Most of
the European tribes scoffed at the idea, but to
everyone's surprise (including, I think, our own)
one of these heroes just gnashed his teeth and told
the rest to get on with it. That hero was Darkness
Rising, Shadow Lord, descendant of Dark-Claw-of-
Vengeance — the executioner of the last of the
Camazotz. No one knew why he accepted the
Uktena's solution so easily, but his voice swayed the
Europeans' minds and they all eventually agreed to
do what needed to be done. But it's no surprise to us,
really. As I've said, we Shadow Lords aren't perfect
by any means. But by Gaia, we do clean up our
messes, no question.

Rutan Papronage
Vatththiat to fhe Palka

As the OttomamBimpire began to fall apartythe
various regions im the Balkans began to také shape
as independent nation statés#Ottoman influence
had kept the region relatively stable for several
hundred years,/but the Gonstant undercurrent of
unrest and/aggression kept tensions,high until con-
fliots between Russia and: the Ottomans began to
radically reshape European politics. Unforttinately,
our territories became pawns in that game, and'-we
found /ourselyes shuffled from one patron to an-
other, occupied first by the Turks, then by the
Russians, then by the Austrians, and round and
round again. There was Garou influence here as
well, make no mistake. The Crimean war in the
mid-1850s was mirrored by aconflict between houses
Austere Howl and Crescent Moon of the Silver
Fangs, prominent in Britain and Russia respec-
tively, and they made a mess of Garou politics just
as surely as the kings of those nations made a mess
of human politics.

House Crescent Moon overextended its reach,
and made to "liberate" our lands from the corrupt-
ing influence of the Wyrm. On paper they were
quite successful; they liberated the Sept of the
Night Sky, which had been overrun by the Tzimisce
vampires in the 15th century, and they dida fine job
of stirring things up among the various vampire
sects in the region. However, they also destroyed
the tenuous status quo we'd managed to arrange,
and as a result we weren't able to keep the blood-

25
manne

|

Sennen mere rue anus an naren sn. a7vs ann san rm snsrrensen arena

suckers from locking things down once the Russian
forces finally made peace with the Brits and Austri-
ans and pulled out. In the end, our lands became a
bona fide nation state, for all the good it did us;
because of the Fangs' meddling, the vampires were
in control, other Garou occupied our home territo-
ties, and we and our Kin were pretty thoroughly trod
upon.

The Circat War

As the Silver Fangs put more and more effort
into micromanaging our affairs, the various aggres-
sive overtures from the remnants of the Ottoman
Empire and the kingdom of Hungary kept the Balkan
nations in a state of near constant war. Ethnic
conflicts became more and more intense, and be-
fore long practically every nation in Europe was
spoiling for a fight. When Archduke Ferdinand of
Austria was assassinated, they got it. The Great
War dragged every country on the continent into it,
as well as several others such as the United States
and the various other colonies or former colonies of
the European powers. As for us, we were the stomp-
ing grounds once again as we proved to be a conduit
by which Austria could attack Russia. We had no
love for the Fangs at the time, but we didn't want to
drop the war on their doorstep, either. No matter
our desires, though, that's the way it worked out.

The Great War was the bloodiest and most
unpleasant war we'd seen for centuries, and it put
everyone out of the mood for fighting for a good
long time. Unfortunately, the victors of the conflict
made it their mission in life to carve the losers into
tiny pieces, and that led to the resentment and
general bad feelings which would resurrect the con-
flict two decades later.

Revolihion

With the war more or less over, the Silver Fangs
in Russia found themselves forced to deal with a
new threat: the Bolshevik uprising, backed by the
Bone Gnawers, effectively toppled the power of the
Russian Tsars, and created enough chaos that ty-
rants could step in and take control of the country.
As it turns out, the uprising was also used to mask a
shadow war between different vampire sects, with
one wealthy elite falling prey to a disenfranchised
underclass — a relationship which apparently mir-
rored that of the Bone Gnawers and the Silver
Fangs. As far as we can tell, the Bone Gnawers were
ignorant of the larger pattern of events they helped
set in motion; that does not mean, however, that
the Russian Garou forgave them for their transgres-

26 Shadow Lords

——— ay

sions. The Bone Gnawers quickly lost control of the
situation, and the vampires who used them fell prey
to their own internal struggles. Several assassina-
tions later, a vampire elite was in control. When all
was said and done Communism held sway in the
country, and the monster Stalin ruled with an iron
fist. He had the firm support of a number of influen-
tial vampire clans, and that pretty much sealed the
country's fate for the next 70 years.

There were two septs of Lords in the country at
the time, and a handful of individual Lords scat-
tered around the country. They were avaricious
folk, and made no secret of their desire to take the
power of the Garou from the Fangs and use it to
forge the Garou into a weapon that might free
Russia from the new menace that plagued it. As is
typically the case, however, nobody trusted the
Lords enough to see the wisdom of their position,
and asa result the tribes dithered until the vampiric
elements of Russia's leadership fell apart of its own
accord. That didn't happen until just this last de-
cade, so you can see the importance of learning to
manipulate the other tribes and forcing them to
work in tandem, even if they don't know they're
doing so.

World War

With all the indignities heaped upon Germany
at the end of the Great War, I suppose it's no
surprise that the period following the close of that
conflict and the beginning of WWII in the late
1930s were more of a respite and a period for build-
ing various national war machines than anything
else. It was obvious to most everyone that a new war
was all but inevitable, and that it would just be a
continuation of the last one. Unfortunately, hu-
mans became alot more adept at killing one another
in the short 20 years between wars, and that ensured
that we would be left with plenty of fallout when all
the killing was done.

As the war hit its height, we found ourselves
ready to admit defeat. Hitler and his allies con-
trolled most of Europe, and if they managed to
prevail there'd be no real way we could stop them.
Humanity's control over the world would be so
absolute that there'd be no place left in it for Garou,
and that meant we all might as well go the way of
the Nuwisha and just hop into the Umbra and be
done with it all. But fortunately, Hitler proved once
again why it's a very bad idea to let a diplomat run
a war, and he managed to botch a perfectly good
strategy. He invaded the Soviet Union in the middle
of winter, which no one save the Mongols has ever

|


managed to do successfully (and them because the
chill of Siberia made the Russian winters seem
tame). That was mistake number one. He also
pulled his troops back from the Normandy coast,
leaving that area poorly enough defended that Al-
lied troops could get a foothold and undo much of
the damage he'd done. When the German Get
crushed their traitorous brethren (who'd joined the
Nazi armies in a misguided attempt to grind human-
ity under their heels), the German war machine just
wasn't long for the world.

This left Eastern Europe in a pretty neat state
from a Garou perspective. Much of it was razed to
the ground, and there was little chance of the West
recovering well enough to actually regain its former
glory. That was good, since it meant we'd have a
chance at regaining control in the region, albeit not
without some darn good politics on our part. On the
flip side, however, we also saw the emergence of two
superpowers the likes of which the world had never
seen, and the birth of a terrible weapon with the
potential to destroy the entire world. Ironically,
that weapon was made by men and women who
were for the most part quite peaceful, and who
feared a world of tyranny far more than they did a
weapon capable of destroying the Earth.

The Untied Siafat Atandavt

It's hard to explain our role in the United
States before World War II. The simple truth of
the matter is that we didn't consider it a particu-
larly important place. It was, for the most part, just
another colony as far as we were concerned, and
we were trying to focus our attention on the part of
the world that dictated policy for all the rest —
Europe, and to some extent Asia. The U.S. was just
this upstart country a world away, and hence be-
neath our concern.

This is not to say, however, that we knew
nothing about what was going on — far from it. Our
Kin had settled in and around Mexico when the
Spaniards came, and some wound up in Texas
when it joined the States. They were close enough
to events in New Mexico to know what was going
on with the bomb, and when that bomb went off in
Japan we knew we had to pay a lot more attention
to what was going on in the USA. Fortunately, we'd
been paying attention to the ways the wars around
us were waged over the past several decades, and we
knew something about how the post-war politics
worked. That allowed us to plant some seeds in the
post-war governments, and to influence policy once

we had.

Nu

Ve
uv f
"

Fad
>

5 een meee rune eaves an naven ssn arvs- cum san rumpsnsrensenerena

Te Cold War

The post-war era in the United States was
marked by the rise of big government, big science,
and incredible bureaucratization. The democratic
world has always been characterized by the fact that
it's ripe for exploitation by those with staunch
political mindsets, but in the post-war era this
tendency was magnified a hundredfold. Agencies
were created for virtually every function imagin-
able, and the extent to which we could capitalize on
this and turn it to our advantage was just mind-
boggling. This marked a turning point of sorts for
the Shadow Lords. While we have always been
intensely political animals, the Cold War era United
States marked the first time we could afford to be
alphas purely in the political sense, abandoning the
ways of the wolf and embedding ourselves in an
entirely human culture. Many of the elders in our
tribal homelands frowned on this, but it was, at least
at the time, the wave of the future, and there was no
stopping it.

Fortunately, this worked out reasonably well. A
fair number of Lords decided that it would be a fine
idea to become intelligence operatives working for
the United States and other Western nations, and
Lords within the USSR took up similar positions. It
wasn't for everyone, certainly not for those with a
goodly share of Rage, but it was a lot more conve-
nient than trying to maintain a desk job somewhere
important. Thus it was that some of the most influ-
ential agents, and those with the most critical tasks,
wound up working for the Shadow Lords, and the
Garou Nation as a whole. Thus, we managed to
orchestrate elaborate schemes that ultimately kept
tensions between the two superpowers from over-
flowing. While the other tribes continued to bicker
and cast blame hither and yon, we were hard at work
ensuring that there would be a future to fight about.
Pity they were never terribly appreciative of that
fact.

Jotket Ceupafton

With the failure of the Silver Fangs to hold
power in Russia, and the subsequent chaos of World
War II, there was no real way to oppose the Soviet
annexation of much of Eastern Europe. The western
nations, particularly the United States, tried to
push for democratic governments in the east, but
Soviet occupation made that an impossibility. The
U.S. just didn't have the bargaining position it
needed to make free governments a reality, so our
fate was ultimately swept aside in favor of larger

Shadow Lords

issues. In other words, it was business as usual as far
as our homelands were concerned.

The fact that vampires now controlled Russia,
and by extension the Soviet Union as a whole,
made our position quite precarious. The fact that
Stalin was purging the country of undesirables and
making a huge push for the industrialization of the
Union didn't help matters any. With our Kin being
gutted, our homelands occupied by Soviet troops,
and our lives in danger as never before, this was
quite possibly the darkest period in our history. The
scale of things was just so immense that we didn't
know how we could even begin to deal with it, and
so we went into hiding and sought to consolidate
our power in hopes that we'd be able to act more
openly later on.

Stalin's purges ended with his death, and for the
most part so did the real horrors of Soviet occupa-
tion. The environmental disasters were still a huge
problem, and the vampires yet retained control of
the Union, but things stabilized for our Kin and we
knew where things stood, more or less. Some Garou
managed to infiltrate the government, and as I said
we did a fair job of weaving our way into the
intelligence community. It wasn't an ideal situa-
tion, but it was one we could adapt to and turn to
our advantage.

Jodtependence

Soviet occupation may have been harsh, but
the stability it brought us allowed us to tend to some
business that needed to be addressed: we had to
retake the Sept of the Night Sky from the Silver
Fangs. They'd occupied it since they liberated it
from the Tzimisce during the Crimean War, and
we'd been so off-balance since that the only thing
we could do was bide our time and wait for an
opportunity to take back what was ours. That time
came when Stalin died. With the immediate horror
of the Soviet Union abated for the moment, a
Russian Lord named Boris Thunderstrike decided
to visit the ancestral home of his tribe. While there,
he ingratiated himself with Heart of Fury, the local
sept leader. After some skillful politicking and a fair
bit of patience, Thunderstrike was able to force the
Silver Fang leader to abdicate his rule, leaving the
sept in control of the Shadow Lords once again.
Freedom from the Soviets wouldn't come for an-
other half century, but that was just fine with us.
We learned to work around their occupation, and to
turn it to our advantage. We reap the rewards of
that hard work even now.


The Cortate Fale

Many people don't fully understand just how
much we lost when the iron curtain fell. It's true
that the vampires who ruled the Soviet Union at
the time were some of the most active agents of the
Wyrm that the world has ever seen, and it's true
that their machinations created environmental di-
sasters unmatched before or since. But as far as our
Kin were concerned, things were relatively stable.
It was the sort of uneasy peace you have when you
know you aren't safe, but at the same time you know
what to expect. You know there will be food avail-
able, even if it isn't very high quality or terribly
abundant. You know the military will put a stop to
uprisings and demonstrations, so you avoid those
areas and you're mostly okay. You know the military
is in charge, so you don't mess with them. You learn
how the system works, and how to survive in it, and
you get by as best you can.

None of us wanted to be ruled by the Soviets.
We aren't fools, and we knew full well how that
kind of police state worked. But at the same time,
we took a certain comfort in knowing that everyone
had to scrape by, same as we did. We took pleasure
in the presence of our Kin, because the hardships we
faced created a sense of community we hadn't really
felt in years past. Communism itself was a joke (at
least in practice), but it did manage to forge our Kin
into fairly tight-knit groups. Most importantly,
however, was the fact that soviet occupation kept
the vampires in our protectorates on a tight leash.
We knew the vampires that ruled Russia were of a
different sect than those in our homelands, so the
control the Soviets brought was welcome in that
respect as well.

So it was that when the Union broke up in the
late 1980s we weren't exactly jubilant. The Sovi-
ets, for all their failings, brought order to our lives.
Our protectorates were as stable and peaceful as
they'd ever been under Soviet rule, and we looked
on the loss of that stability with fear and trepida-
tion. We saw what was coming, even if our human
associates saw only freedom from the yoke of So-
viet oppression.

Te Vortern Ga
Exba Vaya, and the War for Rusa

In retrospect, it's really not terribly surprising:
once the iron curtain went down, the Shadow
Curtain went up to replace it, and that's when
things really started going to hell. We thought

Sesame ee amrwesere eee ee

Stalin's purges were bad, and they were, but having
vampires and demons moving around openly in the
country, draining our caerns and slaughtering people
in the chaos that follows any breakup, was an order
of magnitude worse. Stalin's purges and Soviet op-
pression were directed against many politically un-
desirable groups, including our Kin, but we could
handle that. His industrialization was disastrous
(and the lack of any sort of sane control of that
growth even worse), but it was ultimately about
helping turn the Soviet Union into a power capable
of competing with the United States in a military
and industrial capacity. It was unpleasant, but at
least we could understand it and adapt to it. But
this... the forces unleashed behind cover of the
shadow curtain were more horrible than anything
the world has ever seen. Great supernatural beasts
were given free reign to do as they willed, and Baba
Yaga now targeted us specifically for elimination.
The Sept of the Night Sky in Wallachia was spared
the worst of her attentions, but the Thunderstrike
Sept and Sept of the Brooding Sky were not so
lucky. Forced to watch the Silver Fangs fall to
pieces (and take the rest of the Garou with them),
the Lords there were bitter and petulant individu-
als. And as such, they did little to help the Russian
Garou in their plight until the other tribes had
already organized a counterattack against the hag's
forces. I don't defend their actions, but... well, the
Silver Fangs had paraded their dominance in front
of the Russian Lords for centuries, so it's not terribly
surprising that those same Lords couldn't care less
about the Fangs' plight.

Whatever it was that ended Baba Yaga's rule,
and we suspect vampiric conflict, the death of the
Hag was shrouded in secrecy. We know there was
another sect of vampires involved, and that they
terrified all of those we knew about to date. Their
activities involved mysterious forces we don't pre-
tend to understand, and most of us would be just as
happy if we never find our exactly what happened
on the day she died. But with her death, Russia was
free — and Heaven help us, because that's when
things started to get hard.

Fibout

People don't understand how difficult things
have become in the wake of the Soviet Union's
breakup. Once we were poor, but there were certain
things we could rely on. Now, we supposedly have
the opportunity to do whatever we want to do, but
we have no certainties whatsoever. And now, with
no strong government to keep things humming

Chapter One: The Winds of History 29

|

a AA

along in a fairly orderly fashion, there's nothing to
stop any crimelord or petty despot who cares to from
taking over a region and terrorizing the people
therein every bit as effectively as the Soviets did.
We have traded security for freedom, and lost both
in the process.

With the fall of Soviet rule, we are vulnerable
once more to some of our greatest vampiric en-
emies. Fearing the wrath of the Turks up through
the 19" century and the various powers that con-
trolled Wallachia and its neighboring regions in the
years thereafter, the greatest of the fiends have kept
their distance up until now. With the Soviet take-
over, they didn't dare return for fear of running
afoul of the vampire sects firmly in control of Russia
and her possessions. But now, with the empires
crumbled and the Soviets' influence non-existent,
there is nothing to stop them from returning to
their ancient ways and taking revenge upon us for
past slights. The Impaler is no more, but others of
his ilk, including the dread count Vladimir
Rustovitch, are looking on the area with hungry
eyes. We have endured the Soviets, the bitch-
queen Baba Yaga, and our own internal civil wars,
but in the end the final conflict will come down to
one between us and our ancient vampiric foes. That
battle may prove to be more than even we can bear.

Yugetlatha

It is continually amazing to me that the worst
foes we ever have to fight are not Wyrmspawn, but
rather human beings themselves. I have spoken at
length about vampires, internal strife, and ma-
levolent Wyrm spirits, but none of them could
even begin to compare to the horrors that were
unleashed once Yugoslavia broke up and the vari-
ous ethnic groups therein started going to war with
one another. As it turns out, the bulk of that
hatred was due to one man, known to the world as
Marshall Tito. He proved to be quite an able
leader during the Second World War, and we
supported him in his efforts to keep Yugoslavia free
from Axis control. The problem lay in the fact that
he led these people not by inspiring them, but
rather by playing them off against one another to
enhance his own status, and thence solidify his
control over them. We have to respect him for
that, since that's a very Shadow Lord sort of thing
to do, but the man had no foresight, so his country
only managed to hold together until he died. His
son tried to maintain the peace, but unfortunately
he just didn't have the charisma to pull it off. Civil
war was the inevitable result.


The Wyrm had a fine, fine day when the war
broke out. The war crimes committed during that
time were on par with any in human history, and
ranged from the murder of innocents (and non-
combatants) to torture to rape, with everything in-
between. The power of hate can produce some truly
spectacular results, and in this case it resulted in a
feast for Banes, a dramatic increase in the power of
Urge Wyrms, and a veritable feeding frenzy for the
resident vampires in the region. A number of Garou
tribes responded to the carnage, binding the most
troublesome of the Banes and slaughtering the
Wyrmspawn out of hand. Among the tribes that
participated here were the Black Furies, the Red
Talons, and a scattering of members of other tribes
such as the Children of Gaia, the Silent Striders,
the Glass Walkers, and the Bone Gnawers. We had
some serious questions for these last two, as we
wanted to know how they could have let things get
so out of hand. The cities are their turf, after all, and
after all the trouble in Russia you'd have thought
they'd have learned their lessons by now. Nowa-
days, if it doesn't involve a computer or a cellular
phone the Glass Walkers don't want anything to do
with it, and the Bone Gnawers are so busy covering
their own tails and sifting through garbage that they
don't know what's going on until they're in the
thick of it. It's said that people never learn, but I
suppose that applies to Garou as well.

Anyway, the big pushes made by Garou forces
in the regions that broke apart from Yugoslavia
were made by the Black Furies, to the south, and the
Lords to the north. Several of our packs ran into one
another, and after a few tense moments they just
shrugged and went on about our business. Shortly
thereafter Margrave Konietzko met up with a num-
ber of highly influential Furies, and we've been
getting on well ever since. The Margrave had the
foresight to treat the Furies in exactly the same
fashion as he would any other Garou, and his gra-
ciousness has borne fruit — no other tribe has such
as good working relationship with the Furies these
days as we do, and this is the power of our philoso-
phy in action.

The Amazon

As things settled down after a couple of world
wars and humans got on with the business of re-
building, they began to think about all of the things
they were losing when they focused so intently on
fighting one another and getting the upper hand in
statecraft. Specifically, they began to think a bit
about the non-human world around them, and how

a

they thought they might want to interact with it.
What they found, of course, surprised them — they
discovered that the natural world was a genuinely
remarkable place, and that they ought to do what
they could to protect it. Far too little, far too late,
sure, but they finally got involved, and that's what
counts. The question now was, what were we gonna
do about it?

Some places seemed almost beyond help. Once
the Black Spiral Dancers were forced out of
Chernobyl, we had to figure out how to clean the
place up and make it habitable again. Still working
on that one. But at the same time, we had to deal
with several decades of industrial waste on a truly
massive scale, and by about the 1970s or so we
started figuring out how to do that. We gave the
humans some direction, and soon they were doing
stuff like cleaning up the Black Sea (you donot want
to know how polluted that place was), designating
areas throughout Europe and North America as
national parks, and labeling others in the undevel-
oped world as World Heritage Sites. These were just
labels, but they carried with them a certain amount
of power that made humanity sit up and take notice.
This, of course, brings us to the Amazon.

When we were busy killing all the native Ferain
the Second War of Rage, we managed to miss the
fact that one of the greatest monuments to Gaia's
power was sitting right in the middle of their terri-
tory. In the 1970s, though, things had settled down
enough at home that we could turn our eyes to itand
see what we could do to protect it. Unfortunately,
Pentex had seen it long before us, and was doing
everything in its power to either corrupt or destroy
the place. When Garou started showing up to do
something about this, we ran into trouble on three
fronts: first, we didn't know who was going to
coordinate our efforts down there. There weren't
many Lords who could be spared to help organize
our contributions there, and most of the other tribes
were ina similar position. The second issue we faced
was the fact that, aside from Pentex, the native
humans in the region were also destroying the
forest. They weren't doing it out of malice, though;
they were doing it because they were so poor that
they didn't have much in the way of other options.
Slash and burn agriculture doesn't get you much,
but when your choice is that or starve you take what
you can get. The third obstacle we faced was, of
course, the native Fera. They remembered the War
of Rage, better than we might have liked, and they
hadn't forgiven us for it. Can't blame them, but that

Chapter One: The Winds of History 31

|

Serena ere rena APU se Arvo a rumen seearenv

didn't change the fact that their opposition was
rather inconvenient.

Well, each of these issues has been addressed, to
a greater or lesser extent. The leadership issue was
resolved when Golgol Fangs-First showed up,
whipped every last Garou who felt like challenging
him, and formed our people into a formidable fight-
ing force. He didn't get any opposition from the
Lords in residence, mostly because he was so set on
getting things done that they had nothing to com-
plain about. They were so happy to see real leader-
ship for a change that they happily played the role
of loyal beta, watching for the inevitable plots
which would challenge Golgol's rule and playing
their role in the Garou war machine.

Now, the unfortunate part about all of this is
the fact that Golgol didn't see any need whatsoever
for the other Fera. As far as he was concerned, the
Garou were the warriors of Gaia, and they weren't.
Simple. So until Pentex is gone, the warriors fight,
and the others get out of the way. What that means
for us is that we basically cleared the way; if the Fera
interfered, we found ways to remove them from the
picture so that they'd stop interfering. If that in-
vited reprisals, so be it — we'd find a fall guy to take
the blame and let the Fera chew on him a bit while
we got on with our business. This was a messy way
of doing things, but we weren't about to stand in
Golgol's way when he was making such wonderful
progress. Let the Fera complain all they liked — as
long as Gaia was protected, that was all that counted
as far as we were concerned.

Well, after some years of this back and forth
business Golgol decided he had to do something to
make peace with the natives. Gaia would hardly be
best served by just eliminating them all, and we had
to agree with that notion — some of us remembered
the loss of the Camazotz, and none of us wanted to
see that happen again. So, Golgol made nice with
them, more or less, and now we've all become one
great happy family.

Well, perhaps not.

We get on better with the surviving Fera than
we have in the past, but they still don't care for us
much. They do, however, listen to us, and that
makes them outstanding tools. This isn't true so
much with the Mokolé, but it's very true with the
Balam. Got a rival? Use a Balam to eliminate him
and blame it on Pentex. Know something about
Pentex? Turn a Balam onto it and save the lives of
a few Garou. Got a problem with a Balam? Find out
what other Balam hate him, and spark a turf war
between them. We couldn't have asked for a better

32
hh —_—

setup, and as a result Pentex is going down. Now's
the time to get involved, since the opportunities are
great to cut down rivals on all sides and make a
name for yourself.

Appeatng Bat
As the Amazon war rages to the south, a differ-
ent sort of war was raging to the north. In northern
Mexico, the Shadow Lords of the Sept of the Earth
Mother found themselves locked in,combat with
the vamipires,swho were doing,their level best to
turnyMexico into a feeding ground. It's basically
Middle-Ages Wallachia all over again, and what
few Lords live there are pretty upset about it. So you
can imagine their surprise and irritation when one
of their most promising up and coming Theurges
winds up channeling the life of none other than
Dark-Claw-of-Vengeance, the Shadow Lord respon-
sible for the extinction of the Camazotz. The
Theurge, a homid named Miguel Gutierrez, took
the revelations he received quite seriously, and he
began looking for ways to put his penitent ancestor
to rest for good. What he got, though, was enough
to shock the Garou Nation as a whole, and catapult
his pack into the international spotlight.
Dark-Claw-of-Vengeance drove his descendant
ona mad quest around Mexico, learning the secrets
of the Camazotz and of Bat so that he might ulti-
mately do... something. No one was quite sure what
he wanted, but people just didn't channel past lives
this strongly unless Gaia had something specific in
mind for them, so everyone just went along with it
as best they could. The quest took a turn for the
insane, however, when it led the pack to the heart
of Malfeas, a suicide quest if ever there was one. The
old spirit led the pack throughout the labyrinth of
the plane, until they finally came upon Bat in all his
insane glory. By rights, that should have been the
end of things — tussling with a Wyrm-corrupted
Incarna is just not a winning proposition. But Dark-
Claw-of-Vengeance managed to get through to Bat
somehow, or at least a portion of Bat, and the
Incarna sent them packing without killing them.
Weeks later, Gutierrez discovered he could com-
municate with that small part of Bat that hadn't
given in completely to hate, and his pack took the
Incarna as their totem. Their sept was convinced
the pack had fallen to the Wyrm, but none of the
pack members appeared to be carrying even the
slightest trace of Wyrm taint on their person. Even
the Judges of Doom couldn't find any reason to
destroy them, and in fact found them to be some of
the more honorable Lords in recent memory.

Shadow Lords

ier 2/1

|


As you might expect, this incident has gener-
ated tremendous controversy within our tribe. Tak-
ing a Wyrm totem as your own violates every rule of
common sense, and yet the power exhibited by the
pack shows that they are very much Gaian Garou.
And if their lack of taint were not compelling
enough on its own, the fact that the tribe uses its
unique gifts to tear through the Sabbat in Mexico
and aid the Get of Fenris to the north in Texas is
compelling evidence in and of itself. The Sept of
the Earth Mother harbors no minions of the Wyrm,
and yet the members of this pack are doing what
cannot be done. How they are doing this, and what
this means for Bat and the Wyrm, remains to be
seen.

The Wargrave on foe ove

Meanwhile, back in Europe, a German Shadow
Lord of great power has taken control of the Sept of
the Night Sky. The name of this Garou is Yuri
Konietzko, and his will is such that no Garou on the
continent can resist his edicts. From an old family of
the German nobility, Konietzko came to Wallachia
after the fall of the Soviet Union back in 1991. He
saw, as the Lords in Wallachia saw, that the loss of
the stabilizing influence of the Soviets would lead
to chaos, both because of the ethnic strife which
was sure to follow and because of the vampiric
influences which would come back to haunt the
land. His predictions proved to be correct, and over

a

the course of the next ten years he led the sept in
battle after battle against the expansionist-minded
bloodsuckers that invaded our land like it was open
season. Some of them have proven impossible to
fell, but we have made it clear to them that we won't
give an inch so long as the Margrave is in charge.

It isn't just our sept that's making progress in
this fashion, either. Anatoly Masaryk, the succes-
sor to the seat of leadership in the Thunderstrike
sept in Russia, was put in place largely thanks to
the Margrave's efforts. It seems that old Alexander
Volkov had outlived his usefulness, and Konietzko
decided to put a more liberal and open-minded
Lord in charge of the sept in Father Night's stead.
The support the Shadow Lords gave to the Russian
Garou proved decisive in ending the war against
Baba Yaga, and as a result they have a position of
respect (if not trust) among the Russian
werewolves. And since the Margrave has Masaryk
in his back pocket, that means he has clout in
Russia at large as well.

The Margrave's guiding philosophy seems to be
relatively straightforward: dominate the packs you
must, treat those who are capable as equals, and bow
before no one. The Silver Fangs hate him, but they
can go hang. He's accomplished more in the battle
against the Wyrm in ten years than they have in the
last hundred, and when all is said and done that's
what counts.

Chapter One: The Winds of History 33

CC na



I have seen tempests when the scolding winds
Have riv'd the knotty oaks, and I have seen
Th' ambitious ocean swell, and rage, and foam,
To be exalted with the threat'ning clouds;
But never till to-night, never till now,
Did I go through a tempest dropping fire.
Either there is a civil strife in heaven,
Or else the world, too saucy with the gods,
Incenses them to send destruction.
— William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar, Act I, Scene iii

Siitrdly

Mara glared at the cub before her with a mixture of
irritation and disdain. She never cared much for cubs to
begin with, and the prospect of educating one was doubly
annoying. Still, she supposed it had to be done; the only way
the younglings could become something more than mewling
babies was to show them the spirit ways of the Lords, and
Mara was better equipped to do that than most anyone else.
That didn't mean she had to like it, however.

How is it that I got lucky enough to baby-sit a
whelp like you? Never mind, that was a rhetorical
question. So, it falls to me to tell you what is expected
of you as a Shadow Lord, eh? Very well, then. Listen
carefully, because I'm not fond of repeating myself.
You already know where we came from, yes? Good.
This is where you learn where we are, and what we

mean to do with the world before us. It is not ours, not
all of it at any rate. But by Gaia, we will shape it as
though it were. Here is how we do it.

Gata

Gaia, of course, is everyone and everything around
us. She is pliable, yet enduring. She is strong, yet
vulnerable. She is eternal, yet ephemeral. She is the
concrete world before us, and the abstract realm just
beyond us. She is, in a word, complex. It is utter
foolishness to think one can understand Gaia. She is
not a thing we may simply seek out and address
directly; She is too far beyond us for that. As such,
while we have many ways of thinking about Her, these
are simply models we use to make Her easier for our

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye 35

Ca

mene

Sennen ere ern ea EAPO AF-S a ume seerensw

feeble minds to comprehend. In the end, the truth of
things is unimportant. We see what we want to see, in
this matter as in all others. So, when I tell you what
Gaia is, | am not telling you the truth. I am simply
telling you how we choose to look at things.

We see around us three maimraspects to the whole
of reality that,is'Gaia. We see the substance of the
world, whichis hard and earthy, living matter like you
and me; or the stuff of spirit. This is the first of Gaia's
aspects, the Wyld. The Wyld is limitless possibility,
butit needs direction to take on form and substance. It
is Gaia's second facet, the Weaver, which gives the
Wyld form. And of course, the things created by the
Weaver must eventually be broken down, so new
things might be formed from the refuse of the old, and
thus keep the system self-sustaining. This third force is
the Wyrm, and for reasons described below it is now
the enemy against which we fight.

The Wf

The Wyld is theessence of reality. It represents the
limitless potential'of Gaia's existence, but it is mean-
ingless without a mind, a/will, to'shape it. Itis.the
aspect of the Triat.that.we Garou can most easily feel
within us, singe it is primal and unbound. But at the
same time, it is the only member of the,Triat that
cannot be said to have a mind. It is as it has always
been, and even the insanity of the Weaver and the
corruption of the Wyrm cannot change that. The
changes wrought by the Wyld's brethren are ulti-
mately,transitory, and that is whatgivesus the strength
to continue our fight. The world as it is not the world
as it must be, and we know full well that we canbe the
instruments of its reshaping. ;

We are not the guardians of the Wyld— not the
Lords. As Garou, we must protect it, yes, so that the
Weaver and Wyrm cannot unbalance the universe by
destroying their sibling utterly. But there are the Furies
and the Talons to bother with the spirituality of the
Wyld, and we are happy to leave them to it. Our tasks
lie elsewhere.

The Weaver

Where the Wyld is possibility, the Weaver is the
force that gives it substance. Human thought and
rationality, and the society they have created, is a
product of the Weaver's influence. Many Garou claim
the Weaver is the one ultimately responsible for the
sorry state of the world we live in, and that may indeed
be so. Her awakening, her burgeoning awareness,
seems to have driven her to insanity, and the frenzy of
construction that is the modern world is the result. But
the part of us that is driven by the Weaver has its

3

i —_——

positive side as well. It is our will that letsuscontrol our
rage, and is that same will that lets us force the world
around us to conform to our desires. That is the
Weaver's gift to us, and it gives us comfort even as it
traps us in a'cage of our own making.

The Weaver is notour business, either, at least not
asa tribe. We fightagainst her insanity as we must, and
we refuse to either rely on orutterly avoid her trappings
—but the Glass Walkers and the Stargazers have their
hands full trying to unravel her webs, and it is not our
place to instruct them. We do what we must to oppose
her excesses, and we use her tools wheniit is necessary,
but her lore is not ours,

The Myr

The Wyrm began as a force of balance, a way for
Gaia to sustain and rejuvenate Herself. A part of that
original incarnation of the Wyrm persists in us, in the
form of our Rage. Now, however, we know this being
better as a force of corruption and decay, particularly
in the form of the vampires that plague our homeland.
Trapped in the Weaver's web, the Wyrm was driven
insane by its confinement. Now, the Wyrm corrupts
what.it can no longer destroy openly. It works to
similar effect within our hearts and minds, pushing us
toward stagnation and self-destruction instead of con-
fronting us in forms that can'easily be combated. This
is why we must act decisively in our effort to preserve
Gaia — only then will we evade the Wyrm's attempts
to lay claim to our souls.

The Wyrm is our business. It is the business of all
Garou, but our Theurges have delved deep into under-
standing its ways, justas the Uktenahave. Wedonot offer
ourselves to it, of course, and neitherdowe acceptits acrid
taint as a tolerable quality. The Wyrm is the key to
strengthening the Wyldand pruningback the Weaver—
if its Corrupter aspect can be sliced away from it, leaving
the Balance Wyrm behind, then it will be able to set
things right once more. It will perform its function. That
is why we devote the majority of our resources and efforts
to opposing the Corrupter Wyrm, rather than dividing
ourselves equally. This is the battle that must be won.

Cravifafber TPmder

As Gaia is our mother, and the mother of all that is,
soalso does our tribe havea father. The chaos of creation
gave rise to the Incarnae which guide us to this day, the
most powerful of which is Grandfather Thunder. Like
all things, he is of Gaia. He has since taken on a life of
his own, however, and now watches over and protects
his consort in the only way he knows how. The Lord of
Storms is feared by many, but understood by few. Most
see only fury and ambition, and overlook the traits that

Shadow Lords

iy ¢/


SN Ns ee

drew Gaia to him in the first place. While Thunder's fury is
indeed great, so also are his passion and his desire to protect
those he finds worthy of his attentions.

Grandfather Thunder is a harsh master, but his rains
bring life as well as death. It is easy to look upon the power of
the storm and see only violence, but that same power washes
away corruption and decay and calls forth life in once-barren
lands. So it is with the society of the Garou. The fury of
Grandfather Thunder will clear away the sickness which
plagues our people, letting us rise to prominence and lead
them to a brighter future. Doing so will carry a heavy price,
but always remember that the ends, in this case, very much
do justify the means. If the other Garou cannot see that, they
will simply have to live with the consequences.

Grandfather Thunder demands much of his children,
but his demands are not unreasonable. You are to under-
stand fear, and use it to dominate
those with weak minds that can-
notor will not protect Gaia to the
best of their abilities. Atthe same

time, you must also understand
respect, and bestow it upon those
who are deserving of it. But most
importantly, you must be an instrument
of change, sweeping away the tethers of the
past as you build a new and better future. This
last duty is difficult for most Shadow Lords,
since we have such a regimented and unforgiv-
ing society. And yet, this is the essence of what
Grandfather Thunder represents; to ignore it is
to ignore him, and that is unacceptable.

Thunders Hilden

Grandfather Thunder has two main
totems among his brood: these are Crow
and Raven. In addition, he has a number
of minor spirits serving him — you would do well to learn
all their names, although I have time to name only a few.
Crow is often looked upon as a lesser spirit, but you
should never forget that the structure of Shadow Lord
society is based in large part upon that of crows. They are
highly social animals, and Crow's nature reflects that.
He rewards obedience and cooperation, and his
children are often underestimated. This is a mistake,
for they are capable scavengers and seekers of knowl-
edge, and they often find value in the things others
throw away. Crow's children also have good relation-
ships with the Corax, and thus bring yet more information
of value into the tribe. It may seem odd that Crow's children
are closer to the Corax than Raven's children, but remem-
ber that Crow is garrulous and gregarious, and drawn to
urban areas. The raven-skins are, in this way, more like

|

Sees meer ere ea APU sn AF-S ramen seerensv

Crow than Raven, and they find the children of Crow
closest to their hearts.

Raven is the stronger, and he is clever and re-
sourceful. He is a dangerous spirit to follow, for he is a
spirit of trickery as well as one of creation. He is much
like Thunder himself in that way, though he is much
more refined and urbane than his more powerful pa-
tron. Raven is also demanding, as he expects his
children to be utterly self-sufficient and partial toward
independent thought. If they win his favor, however,
Raven grants his children insight and vision, and these
are powerful gifts indeed.

Remember, too, that you may invoke our
Grandfather's name when dealing with those of his
brood; every Shadow Lord should know the proper
forms of address when dealing with Stormcrows, night-
spirits, spirits of pain and the others who offer allegiance
to Grandfather Thunder. I advise you to offer your
services to a Theurge and learn as much as he or she is
willing to teach you. But don't expect a free education;
our time is worth much more than yours, unless you're
as much the prodigy as we expect you to be.

Augppheet

Your relationship with Luna does much to define
your expected role, and it may influence your personal-
ity, but your birth moon does not define you. I have seen
New Moons who were vicious warriors, Crescent Moons
who were powerful leaders, and Full Moons who have
never participated in a battle in their lives. Still, it is
important to understand what the auspices mean to us
and how they are important, so listen carefully.

New Noon — Regabath

The hidden moon is all about secrets, and Garou
born during. this time are obsessed with them. This
makes them excellent spies, but do'not think their
talents end there — while many Ragabash are sneaky
and conniving, an equal number are fierce if subtle
fighters. Though rarely leaders, the hidden moons
often use information to wield power far beyond their
station. In many ways, the Ragabash captures the
essence of what it means to be a Shadow Lord — they
typically exhibit an insatiable curiosity and are thor-
oughly relentless, uncovering the hidden plots of their
peers and exposing the misdeeds of all around them.

In the main, Ragabash are the crows of Shadow
Lord society. If they assault our honor, we must prove
capable enough to defend it. If we're found wanting we
reveal weaknesses that allow others to tear us down,
that we may be replaced by other, more capable lead-
ers. The Ragabash also bring levity to our moots,
reminding us of the things we fight for, and they force
us to question our motives at every turn. Be wary of the

Ragabash, particularly the one who plays the role of
loyal beta. He will support you if he finds you worthy,
but he will see you destroyed if he does not.
Craters Moon — Theurge

If it can be said that Shadow Lords are obsessed
with power, it can also be said that Theurges represent
the core of that ambition. All of the rites and mysti-
cism of our tribe-fest in our capable claws, and we are
born closer to Grandfather Thunder than any of the
rest. While the Crescent Moons are relegated to sup-
porting roles in many other Garou tribes, such is not
the case with the Shadow Lords. Indeed, within our
septs Theurges prove to be capable leaders more often
than not, intimidating the strong with mystical power
and controlling the weak with the same. One need
only look at the Margrave, the greatest living Theurge
of our tribe, to see how potent Garou born of this
auspice can be, and how dangerous they are when
roused to action.

Though we may be touched with ambition,
Theurges play a central role in Shadow Lord society.
We keep our brothers and sisters in touch with the
Stormcrows and the rest of Grandfather Thunder's
brood, and we channel the spirits who have eyes and
ears that go far beyond our own mystical and mun-
dane talents. We are pathfinders and seekers of truth,
and our power comes from our ability to show the
tribe the truths that go beyond the simple concerns of
the Garou. We walk the sharp sickle of Luna's cres-
cent, and although we may be cut, we bleed willingly
for our knowledge.

Mall Moon — Plo

Even beyond our.tribe, our Philodox — our
judges — are well known. It falls to them to weigh our
souls and deeds and pass judgment on us, and to
punish us if they find us wanting. Some abuse this
power, using the Litany as a weapon to lash out at
political rivals. Most, however, take their role quite
seriously, and would sooner die than see their vision
corrupted by petty ambitions. It is the vision of such
individuals which keeps our tribe ideologically pure,
and which makes us fit to lead the other tribes in our
battle to crush the Wyrm.

Though rarely leaders, our Philodox often take on
the roles of counselors and arbiters of disputes within
individual packs. While they rarely exhibit the ambi-
tion typical of Theurges and Ahroun, they are none-
theless coldly efficient when it comes to judging the
behavior of their packmates. It's true that few take
their role so seriously as do the Judges of Doom, but
most are quite willing to cut their fellows down if they
feel such individuals threaten a sept or tribe.

38 Shadow Lords

i —_——

tie ¢/


Chou Noon — Ciefard

Garou born under the gibbous moon are taught to
be taletellers and historians, the ones who remember
the great deeds of Garouslong gone.and who act to
inspire us in the here and now. This is as true of the
Shadow Lords as it is for the Garou of any other tribe,
but our Galliards also take great pleasure in reminding
us of our past misdeeds. If ever a clever Ragabash
exposes the plots of an overly ambitious pack leader,
you can be sure that at least one Galliard will never let
any of us forget the fact. Call them muckrakers if you
will, but they nevertheless have an important role to
play within the tribe — to a greater or lesser extent,
they do a lot to keep us honest. We are a tribe who
knows the value of secrecy, and the Galliards serve to
emphasize that point.

Within the pack, Galliards often serve as a means
of keeping pack members united and working to-
gether. They inspire us, tell us how even the most
insane-seeming plans just might work, and show us the
failures of those who have come before us. They are
valued allies, so longas youcan keep them on your side.
Should you fall from their graces, however, they will
become the worst enemies you have ever known.

Fit Noon —Abroun

The warriors of our tribe, Ahroun are the least
subtle of the many weapons in our arsenal; but remem-
ber that "least subtle" does not necessarily mean "un-
subtle," particularly where we are concerned. Whether
an opponent is Wyrm or human, Ahroun will keep it
at bay until the rest of us can put it down permanently.
Filled with passion and rage, there is little subtle about
the Ahroun. This does not mean, however, that they
need always be physical in their conflicts. Many are
masters of political maneuvering, and they use their
great strength to terrify others into bowing before
them without ever lifting a finger in violence.

Within the pack, Ahroun are Garou of great
emotion and energy. While Ragabash and Theurges
might favor trickery and deceit, Ahroun have no
patience forsuch tactics: Whether itisa battle of words
or klaives, they prefer their victories in the here and
now, and to Malfeas with the consequences. This
makes the full moons quick to anger and often overly
ambitious, which can lead to catastrophe if their
packmates do nothing to reign them in. Managing a
young Ahroun isa tricky task, one requiring a balanc-
ing act between restraint and action. Let them act too
soon and we tip our hand; hold them back too long,
however, and they will destroy us from within. But the
Ahroun who has seen many battles — there is a wolf
that has learned the art of striking when the opponent

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye

NS nl

Sesame ameaiere reese Nn oe

is off-guard and staying his hand when the foe is too
strong. Many an enemy who knew of our reputation
and prepared himself against indirect action has been
overthrown by a perfectly timed direct assault with an
Ahroun at the head. It is said that fortune favors the
bold, and it seems that Luna feels similarly.

The Ripe of Paage

When a new Garou is found and brought into our
tribe, we must determine his capabilities and, ulti-
mately, his net worth for the tribe. We have to deter-
mine how he will express the traits drawn in broad
strokes by his breed and auspice, and from there we
have to determine his general level of competence and
ability to contribute to thetribe>Thus, in a very crude
sense, the Rite of Passage is not a little like an aptitude
test of sorts, where we see how the cub performs under
pressure and Chart the course of his life with the
Shadow Lords.

As werewolves go, we Shadow Lordsiare highly
adaptable people. Even for Garou our'‘traditions and
culture vary tremendously from place to place and the
tésts we use to determine the mettle of new recruits are
no exception to this rule. Typically, they involve a
number of exercises designed to gauge the cub's deci-
sion-making capabilities. We favor reason and guile
over physical prowess, and so tests involving games-
manship — or even actual games — are fairly com-
mon. In such tests, the goal is to outthink the people
around you, be they Garou or humans or whatever else
happens to be in the area.

A second common test seeks to gauge the loyalty
of the subject, and the extent to which he can be
trusted with secrets, responsibility, and, most impor-
tantly, power. This test is nearly always administered
without the cub's knowledge, and it does much to
determine the eventual role he will play in the politics
of the tribe. The tests might last for weeks or months
of time, sometimes even before the individual is ap-
proached by the tribe. We are not interested in initi-
ating fools or blunderers into our mysteries, so the
rituals of testing are sacred both to us and to our
Grandfather. Take pride in your success, in your wor-
thiness to be initiated into the tribe. You are a Lord

now, and we expect the very best of you. Otherwise...
heh. Best not to ask.

Src

The hulking black Hispo paced quietly around the
seated cub, carefully staying just enough within the cub's
personal space to establish his clear dominance. Finally,
satisfied, he sat on his haunches and shed his fur, taking on
the Glabro form. His eyes glittered as he began.

9

mene

|

5 eens cera rue crea are se Arvo a re smserenseeerensv)\

You have learned of our history, yes? And the way
we interact with the spirit world? Mara taught you that
as well? Good. What you have learned thus far centers
around what the homids have to say about our tribe.
You look at our history, and you see what humans see.
You look at where we live and what we have done, and
you see human geography, human migration, human
thinking. It is homids who do the telling, but do not be
deceived: They are still human, in all the ways that
count. But what they forget, what most Garou forget,
is that we are not simply werewolves sporting human
cultures. We are a conglomeration of human culture
and wolf custom, of human learning and wolf instincts.
Your breed determines which of these hold promi-
nence, and it means more than how you speak and the
place you call home. It determines how you think,
where your priorities lie, and what your role will be in
Garou society. So listen carefully, you ingrate, for 1am
Roar-of-Storms, and I will tell you how the wolves
among you think.

Tbe Woffhores: Lypus

The history of Europe, the politics of humans —
these mean nothing to a lupus. A lupus knows only
that humans fear himy/thatwwampires hunt him, and
that Gaia/loyes him. The wolves yoti'see around you
delve deeply into Garou,tradition, drawing upon the
mysticism of the Umbra and théiteachings of Gaia and
Grandfather Thunder to sustain themin a world that
is not their own, They gravitate toward the camps
more than the other breeds, particularly the Children
of Crow and the Judges of Doom. These are groups who
live on the fringes of Garou society, just as the lupus
themselves do.

We wolf-born are much less interested in politick-
ing than are homid Lords, and in some ways this
removes us from the heart of Garou society. But at the
same time, we are much closer to the will of Gaia than
homids will ever be, and this gives us a power that
offsets our political disadvantages. Even the great
Margrave bows before the wisdom of the great lupus
Theurges of our tribe — and if he does, you had better
do so as well. Despite our power, however, our influ-
ence within the tribe is diminishing. There are few of
us left nowadays, and while our wolf Kin are regaining
some of their former strength it will nevertheless be
quite some time before we return to a place of promi-
nence within the tribe.

The Phorwan-Lore: Prorbgt

Homids form the bulk of the tribe, and as such
their perspective does more to shape the tribe's meth-
odology and goals than any other. Their history is

40
i —_——

human history, and by default that becomés'our his-
tory. They. weave themselyes.into human cultures,
learning to manipulate them to our advantage, and
they take the lessons learned in the process and apply
them to the politics of the Garou Nation. In this sense
they define us, making us a twisted reflection of hu-
manity even as we lose the wolf within ourselves.
Homid Shadow Lords are often Lords of the Sum-
mit, thirsting for power as they try to define themselves
within the context of the tribe. They are intensely
political animals, and are particularly well suited to the
task of dealing with the other supernatural entities in
the world. Where the lupus amongus'l6ok on vampires
and mages with loathing and disgust, the homids can
negotiate their way through these beings' social circles
and destroy them from within. For better or worse, the
way of the homid seems to be the way of the future, and
we must hope that their political acumen will be enough
to offset the widening rift forming between us and Gaia.

The Caroy-lore: Wop

Denied the connection to Gaia known by the
wolf-born, and much less able to move unnoticed in
human society, the metis are doubly cursed. Be that as
it may, however, they do have an advantage the rest of
us cannot match: they were born in Garou society, and
thus are more familiar with it than either lupus or
homid Lords. They know all the traditions, all the
customs, all the intricacies of our moots and rites in
ways that the hastily inducted homids and lupus can-
not fully comprehend. If the lupus share a special
connection to Gaia and homids share a similar con-
nection with humanity, we might say the metis have
the same sort of connection with the Garou. They are
both more and less than the rest of us, and'that gives
them a unique role within our society that can be used
or exploited to great effect.

Metis Garou know the faults ofall our many camps,
and hence tend to avoid them where possible. They are
often persecuted, though not so much as in some other
tribes, such as the Fianna. They use the resentment
generated by this ill treatment to fuel their.resolve to
find their'place in the tribe, and they are easily as
manipulating, conniving, and inventive as any of us.
Though often underestimated, more than one grand
plan has hinged on the favor ofa metis. While they may
never rise through the ranks of the tribe to become
leaders, they may nonetheless prove crucial elements in
the battles to come. This is the reason the Margrave has
worked to reduce the stigma attached to the breed, at
least in his own domain, and why our policies toward
them are changing accordingly.

Shadow Lords

ier 2/1


Speers me anrresere ree Ne ee

Dorwloance

Some time ago, a young cliath found herself
vexed by a troubling question: why dominance?
Why is itso important to the Shadow Lords, and why
does it so define our tribe? Her confusion is perhaps
not surprising, seeing as how she was a lupus by
breed. She was also a New Moon, a Ragabash, and so
she could not simply let the question go. She needed
an answer, and she set out to get one — no matter
how unsettling her curiosity might be to others.

Her first victims were her own packmates. They
did not understand her confusion, for they were
homids. Of course there was a dominance hierarchy
within the tribe! Why would there not be? That's
just how large organizations work. The Lords were
particularly cutthroat about it in some ways, but
many human societies were like that. But of course,
the cliath wasn't a human, and did not particularly
want to be human, and so this did not satisfy her. So
she did the only thingshe could think to do: she went
and pestered an elder. This was perhaps not the
wisest course of action available to her, but it is what
she chose to do nonetheless.

The first elder she approached was a homid of
great renown. She had been among the Lords for quite
some time, and was known to be a severe and unfor-
giving personality. Some said that was because she
was born under a full moon, but others figured it was
just because she was mean. In any event, the cliath
posed her question to the elder: Why are we so
concerned about dominance? The elder told her
much the same thing her packmates had, and added
the following: "Is this not the way it is among wolves?
Do they not have alphas and betas, omegas and
outcasts?" The cliath was surprised the elder knew so
little about wolves, but even one so impertinentas she
knew how disrespectful it is to correct one's elders,
and so she said nothing. She thanked the elder for her
time, and went elsewhere in her search for answers.

The second elder she spoke to was not much of
an elder, on account of the fact that he was a metis.
But he had lived among the Shadow Lords all his life,
and so the cliath was certain he would be able to
explain why the Shadow Lords were the way they
were. She was thus quite surprised when he said he
could tell her nothing of the sort. "It is all I have ever
known, you see. So far as I know, we are this way
because it is the way we have always been, and hence
the way we ought to be. It works for us, and it is
necessary, so is thatnot enough?" That wasn't enough,

and he could tell by the expression on the cliath's
face that she was not satisfied with his answer. And
he told her to speak to the oldest lupus in the sept, for
he was certain that Garou would have the answers
she sought.

The cliath did as the metis bade her. She found
the grizzled old lupus, the most revered Crescent
Moon in the entire sept. She said to him, "Why are
we so concerned with dominance?" He understood
her question — dominance is quite important to the
Garou, but it is an alien concept to a wolf, and the
cliath was still thinking like a wolf. The homids
think that wolves have dominance hierarchies, but
this is not true. Wolf packs are families, and the
dominance they exhibit is that of elder to younger,
not alpha to beta. And the homids ask how that can
be, when only the alpha pair mates. How egalitarian
can they be when only one pair in the pack mates?
But what they forget, or perhaps never bothered to
learn, is the fact that the wolves in the pack who
aren't alphas are the children of the alphas. How
could they mate, when incest is as taboo among
wolves as it is among humans? It is nonsense.

But the lupus reminded her that the Garou are
not like wolves. They are nota family, and they donot
live for the sake of their Kin. They are forced to realize
that there are more urgent matters than hunting for
one's family, and chasing crows, and listening to the
songs Gaia sings to us, and raising our cubs. There are
vampires that stalk us, Wyrm-things that try to cor-
rupt us, and humans that want to exterminate us. We
cannot survive these things unless we fight, and we
can only fight if we are of one mind. We have to think
and act as one, because otherwise our divisiveness will
tear us apart. Look at the state of the Garou Nation,
he said, and you can see the truth of these words. We
need one voice, and the only way toachieve that is via
dominance. That is why it exists. That is why it is so
important to us. That is why you must learn to use it
toyour advantage, so that you may be the voice of your
pack, or sept, or tribe.

As the lupus finished his lesson, he scrutinized
the young Garou before him. He could see that the
cliath had found her answer, and the look in her eyes
told him that she was not pleased. But he also saw in
her a mixture of understanding and resolve, and he
knew that his tribe had not seen the last of her—she
and her questions would continue to test the tribe,
and that pleased the old lupus greatly.

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye


Speers ewes eran aoe a aren se. arve anny sn ann rump ansrrensmn arena

Kifohe

Tf you ask the typical Shadow Lord whom we tend
to pick as mates, he will no doubt tell you we seek out
people in power. Visionary types, princes and minis-
ters, generals and magnates, and let the peasantry be
damned. A moment's thought will tell you that things
are not as simple as this; since most of these powerful
individuals are men, our breeding stock would soon be
quite limited, even given that the sex ratio within the
tribe is fairly even. Additionally, lupus Lords couldn't
care less about humans one might label as being
politically powerful. So, one would expect our criteria
to be a bit more complex, and that is indeed the case.

First and foremost, we demand intelligence in our
Kin. Be they human or wolf, they have to be more
aware, more capable, more insightful than others of
their kind. But there's more to it than that. We want
our Kin to be as cunningas they are intelligent, so that
they might be subtle enough to hide their ambitions in
addition to being clever enough to develop them in the
first place. Perhaps most importantly, we expect our
Kin to be ambitious, to thirst for change, and to be
willing to do whatever it takes to make it so. If they are
not willing to be disobedient, patient, and clever, we
want nothing to do with them.

We have no particular cultural interest in the
selection of our Kin. While we have traditionally
chosen from Eastern European breeding stock (both
human and wolf), that's simply because those were the
choices available to us. As the world has become more
interconnected, we have expanded our options ac-
cordingly. Now, we count among our Kin individuals
of every race and ethnicity in the world, and of every
wolf population in existence. From Siberian humans
to Mexican wolves, we take the best and the brightest
the world has to offer and make them our own.

Jbaow [ook

When you look around youat a moot, what is it that
yousee? A collection of Garou, surely, but what else? Let
me tell you what I see. I see Garou of many tribes, with
many agendas, and with many ideas of what needs to be
done to fight the Wyrm. I see more people with opinions
than I care to name, and none with any real idea as to
how to turn the tribes into a force to be reckoned with.
Isee discord, where everyone agrees on the need to fight
the Wyrm, to control humanity, and to do what needs
to be done, but no agreement on who should lead that
effort, or when or where it should take place. I see chaos
disguised as order and progress. I see stagnation, and lam
not alone in my observations. Indeed, many other

42 Shadow Lords

a /

Sacoming a Sbasow Lord

Roar of Storms offers some advice: Feeling
overwhelmed yet, pup? Don't get discouraged.
Few Lords take to the tribe easily, mainly because
our way of life is so different from anything humans
or wolves have to offer. We start with adominance
hierarchy, as I'm sure you're aware. This is some-
thing you see in wolves, but only when they are
unrelated — it's alien to most wolf packs, since
they're mostly just family units. But you see, we
Shadow Lords are ourselves mostly unrelated, so
the dominance instincts of the wolf are brought to
the forefront of our dealings with one another, and
they serve to give us clarity and order even in the
midst of utter chaos. A wolf introduced to a
stranger must establish who is dominant, so that
he understands the relationship between the two;
so itis with us. These instincts may seem harsh, but
we need them to function in the extreme environ-
ments we protect. Learn the importance of domi-
nance and submission, and you will adapt to life
among us more easily.

But it's not just the dominance that bothers
you, is it? No, I can see it in your eyes — you're torn.
because, in addition to dominance, we also force
you to deal with politics. This is something we
inherit from the human half of our ancestry, and
it's just as important to us as dominance is. We
need politics to survive within the Garou Nation,
to trick our opponents into working against one
another, and to use our enemies' own ways against
them. We take politicking to extremes, and even
the homids are intimidated by our ways. But you
have to get used to it. If you don't, you'll never get
anywhere within the tribe.

What's that? Heh. Yes, | know what you
mean. Politics does run counter to a dominance
hierarchy in some respects, and vice versa. That's
part of the problem for cubs like you — you're
getting pulled in two directions, and you need to
learn your place and learn how to exploit others at
the same time. But it's a balancing act; once you
find your center, you'll learn how far you can push
on the one hand, and when not to push on the
other. It takes time, and effort, and above all
thought. But that's fine; you're a smart cub, so I
think you'll do okay.

Shadow Lords feel as I do, and a number of them chose
to act on those feelings generations ago. Thus was born
the shadow moot.


So, what are shadow moots? In simplest terms,
they are strategy sessions wherein high-ranking mem-
bers of the tribe hash out ways in which they can
manipulate other Garou — and occasionally, other
supernatural entities — into doing the work that needs
to be done for the good of Gaia. Since the tribes will
not come to a consensus on what must be done, and
since the Silver Fangs will not offer us the leadership
needed to accomplish our goals, the shadow moots are
all we have left to us. That is, at least, the way they
work in theory. In practice, many are corrupted into
vehicles to advance the ambitions of individual Lords
and their packs, which of course undercuts the effec-
tiveness of the moots to begin with and turns them into
yet another way to let high-ranking Lords bicker with
one another. This is one reason why the Silver Fangs
have risen to prominence in America. Thankfully, the
same is not true in our homelands, where the Margrave
has used shadow moots to great effect, and even now
brings the Garou of Europe together in ways the Silver
Fangs have never been able to.

As your time with the tribe increases, you will hear
much about shadow moots. Some of it is true, but most
is not. The details vary from place to place, but any you

hear which are "true" most likely are not. Some leaders
like to name all of the positions in the moot, talking of
crows and ravens and such, and many practice rituals
of various sorts which might seem odd to other Garou.
But just as many skip the rituals altogether, and instead
get down to the business at hand. This is particularly
true in septs outside of Europe, where traditions are not
so important as they are here.

Should you ever be invited to a shadow moot, be
aware that the invitation itself is a great honor, and
conduct yourself accordingly. Remember that the ritu-
als practiced at the mootare absolute, and that they are
not open to negotiation except at the whim of the
moot leader. Remember also that a different set of rules
applies at these moots, and you are on your own when
you attempt to negotiate them. Renown is not impor-
tant, and neither is rank. Only ideas count, along with
the will to act on them when need be.

Caine

A slight woman with a crooked smile joins the small
group of instructors, carefully choosing a seat neither too
near nor too far from the others. She takes a final drag on

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eve 43


5 eens cera rue crea are se Arvo a re smserenseeerensv)\

her cigarette, then extinguishes it on a nearby rock, paying
no attention to the low growl from Roar-of-Storms.

I imagine I should take over from here, Roar-of-
Storms. You said it yourself; lupus are less interested in the
politics of the tribes than homids like me are. Pity, too; you
miss out on some interesting things that way. Hello, child.
Tam Alexandra Longest-Shadow, and I know things.

We Shadow Lords are unique among the Garou in
the fact that we share a clarity of purpose unmatched
by any other tribe. This is, of course, a lie. While most
of us are aware of that purpose to a greater or lesser
extent, the hard truth of the matter is that we are more
interested in our personal agendas than we are in any
higher goal. All of us lust for power, but most have
forgotten the reasons why we pursue such ends, and
why the ends we seek most certainly justify any means
we might employ to achieve them. All we're interested
in now is our own, personal glory, and the camps are
the result of such ambitions.

None of the camps are actively opposed to one
another, but all pursue the path to power in different
fashions. In the eyes of the elders, this diversity only
serves to strengthen the tribe. Competition makes us
stronger, and divergent philosophies yield opportuni-
ties missed by other, simpler credos. In the end, it
doesn't really matter if you throw your lot in with one
camp or another, or even none at all; one way or
another, all of the camps serve the ends of the tribe,
and that is why they are tolerated.

The Bragert of Light

The Bringers of Light have been and continue to
remain some of the most selfless Garou on the planet.
They also put the lie to the image of Shadow Lords as
conniving schemers interested only in advancing their
own status and power. Like all Lords, the Bringers of
Light seek information. They wish to master the ways of
the Wyrm, so that they might destroy that entity's
influence from within. They run with vampires, mas-
querade as Black Spiral Dancers, and walk among fomori
so that by understanding the Wyrm's power they can
better subvert it, using it to advance the goals of the
tribe. Many fall, of course; the path they choose is quite
dangerous, and they risk death at the hands of those
around them as well as corruption from the touch of the
Wyrm. But those who survive are among the greatest
the Garou have to offer, and they use their knowledge
and their status to stage some of the most devastating
raids on the Wyrm's minions the world has ever seen.

While the Bringers of Light are technically a
camp, it might be better to call them a brotherhood of
sorts. They don't usually run in packs, and they don't
hold shadow moots as most of the other camps do.

en

JSurtteal to the Bolly of the Nyro

Bringers of Light often work alone, which
exposes them to great risk on a regular basis. To
cope with this risk, Lightbringers often take on
personal totems, earning the enmity of many Garou
septs in the process. This is one of the few cases
where it is appropriate for a Garou to take on a
personal totem. Totems chosen in this fashion are
typically Crow, Fox, Grandfather Thunder, and
Raven, but other choices are also possible with the
Storyteller's permission. Additional guidelines for
using personal totems in a chronicle are given in
the Players Guide to the Garou.

They have no secret agenda to speak of, and as a result
they speak plainly whenever the need arises. In place
of Shadow Moots, then, the Lightbringers forge infor-
mal networks with one another, sharing tips and
strategies for fighting the Wyrm. These networks also
allow them to search for up-and-coming Lords who
might share their interests in subverting the Wyrm
from within. Potential students are approached when
it is safe and convenient to do so, and they study for a
short while with an established member of the camp
before setting off on their own.

The bien of Crow

While the Bringers of Light sacrifice themselves in
a very personal sense for the good of the tribe, the
Children of Crow do so in a more traditional fashion.
Always sticking to the shadows, they are in many ways
the epitome of what it means to be a true Shadow Lord.
They are not interested in personal power for its own
sake, nor in leadership of any sort. Rather, they work
their magic in secret, catching details in their environ-
ment and uncovering secrets buried in the hearts and
minds of others, using this information to destroy the
enemies of the Garou and to free Gaia from the
Wyrm's clutches, bit by bit. They are more than willing
to debase themselves for the sake of others, and their
actions free many of us to bring other, more potent
schemes to fruition. They are loyal betas, and most
Garou could learn much from their dedication.

The Children of Crow have close ties with the
Corax, and hence are among the most well informed
Garou in the world. Though they will not (usually) use
this information for personal gain, they have no com-
punctions against destroying an unfit leader so that
others might take his place. Many a Lord has dismissed
a Child of Crow, knowing he has no ambitions for
power, only to find a knife in his back as the Child
opens the ranks for another, worthier successor.

Shadow Lords

ier 2/1

|


SS me
The Jonges of Doom

The Judges of Doom are quite possibly the most
feared camp in the entire Garou Nation, and with good
reason. They seek out and destroy those Garou who
flagrantly violate the tenets of the Litany, and they
pursue their agendas with ruthless zeal. They are
pitiless and remorseless, and cloaked in an aura of

mystery that only adds to their fearsome reputations.
Fearsome as they are, however, some more observant
Lords have noticed that there seem to be two factions
of Judges in the world —and they are at war with one
another. The factions are unnamed, but center on a
basic ideological rift. Many Judges destroy Garou be-
cause they can, and use such activities to demonstrate
their power over other werewolves. These beings are
simple murderers, using the Litany as an excuse to
destroy their enemies. The other Judges, the "true"

Judges, as it were, are much more circumspect in their
activities. They have been known to hunt down and
destroy entire septs of Garou, eliminating them quickly
and quietly so that the rest of us can go about their
work. That's the most extreme example, of course, and
tends to apply only when the entire sept has done
something like allowing a caern to be violated — by
inviting human magi within the boundaries, or some-
thing similar. When possible, the "true" Judges elimi-
nate their rival Judges as well, and for the same reasons.

Within the tribe, the Judges of Doom are a
controversial topic. Some feel the secrecy they
guarantee is necessary for the proper functioning of
the tribe, and by extension the Nation as a whole.
Others, however, feel that the killing of Garou is
something to be avoided if at all possible, and view
the Judges as extremists who act without the sanc-
tion of the rest of the tribe. Both views have merit,
but it is the first school of thought that predomi-
nates in the tribe today. The fact that the Judges
have the tacit support of none other than Margrave
Konietzko himself doesn't hurt their image a bit.

Pray you never encounter a Judge. It is difficult to
earn their wrath — contrary to popular belief, they do
not hunt Garou for trivial transgressions of the Litany.
Only the false Judges are so hidebound and impracti-
cal. Be that as it may, however, they have eyes
everywhere, and they are watching. And if you make
their hit list, they will be the last things you ever see in
this world. Remember this, and let it encourage you to
treat the Litany as the sacred thing it is.

Te Lora of the Sammbh

The most populous Shadow Lord camp, the Lords
of the Summit typify the modern Shadow Lord — for
better or worse. The lure of power intoxicates them,

45

5 eens ere arena APU se Arvo a rumen arena)

and they will do anything in their power to bring it within
their grasp. The rationale behind gaining power is lost on
them — they no longer care for the reasons why we seek
to manipulate other Garou, and they do not understand
why competition within our tribe is so fierce. Power is the
end for them, not merely a means to an end, and as such
dominance and control are their meat and drink. They
often find themselves victims of either the Judges of
Doom or the Children of Crow, since their desires have
little to do with the tribe and everything to do with their
own self-aggrandizement. Avoiding this camp is impos-
sible these days, but you would be wise not to join it. Few
of its members come to healthy ends.

That said, however, the Lords of the Summit do
have one worthy goal: to unify the tribes under their
leadership, and (theoretically) crush the Wyrm there-
after. This goal is used to justify the camp's existence,
and it is why young Lords are drawn to the camp. It is
also how established Lords of the Summit secure and
maintain their position; by demonstrating theirstrength
and ability to rule, they can quiet dissent before it
becomes a problem. This puts the higher-ranking
members of this camp ina position to accomplish quite
a bit, when all is said and done. Pity so few of them
make good on their rhetoric.

Jecret Jockos

As with any large society, there are a few Shadow
Lords that choose to follow paths unsanctioned by the
tribe. Unlike the camps, which are recognized and
politically significant factions within the tribe, the
Garou of these societies operate in secret, hiding their
true allegiances from their allies and even their
packmates. It is thus entirely possible for a Shadow
Lord to be a member of one of these groups even if he
is also a member of one of the true camps. Circles
within circles. It's how we work.

The Pakken

It is assumed by many, even within our tribe,
that the Eastern Garou known as the Hakken are
Shadow Lords of some sort. This is, in fact, far from
the truth. Though they are children of Grandfa-
ther Thunder, as we are, they are not the whelps of
our tribe's progenitors; rather, they trace their
ancestry to Grandfather Thunder himself, just as
we do. Thus, they are not merely an Eastern
branch of our tribe, despite our common roots and
practices. They are Hakken, from start to finish,
and they are a tribe of Garou unto themselves.
Thus, since we have no special ties with them, we
will not discuss them in any great detail here.

46
Lh — _—

The Uilloen of Bat

No longer a real secret of any note, the Children of
Bat are defined by the fact that they suffer from a guilt
complex. Most have ancestors who participated in the
second War of Rage, andasa result they look to the partial
redemption of Bat asa sign of hope and absolution. They
are, for the most part, fairly deluded individuals, pretend-
ing theyare responsible for the sins of their forefathersand
letting their sense of guilt guide their actions in the here
and now. It should be obvious that the time has come to
put the past behind us and move forward, even as we learn
from our mistakes to tread more carefully in the future.
But these fools wallow in the pain they feel they've
caused, and hope to undo it and make things right again.
What they fail to understand is that, even if they're
successful, it won't help us in the here and now — at best
it will appease the souls of the dead, and we don't have
time for that now. Their hearts might be noble, but their
intentions are misplaced, and that might cost us dearly
when all is said and done.

The Lazartte ovement

The Lazarite Movement, a sort of solidarity move-
ment among metis Garou of all tribes, has lost most of
its forward momentum among the Shadow Lords since
the Margrave rose to power. Simply put, the tribe
cannot afford to discard any Shadow Lords in the fight
against the Wyrm, and the more pragmatic leaders of
our tribe have reduced the stigma attached to metis
Garou accordingly. The acceptance these shamed
ones now find in the septs of the tribe has all but
crushed support for the Lazarite Movement, and in a
very real sense it is no longer needed within the tribe.
Fragments remain, but even the most vocal of the
movement's members have become relatively silent,
since they have no real political footing to speak of.

The Make

Until recently, a highly secretive cabal of Shadow
Lords calling themselves the Masks terrorized many of
our lower-ranked members, as well as any humans
unlucky enough to cross their path. They lived on the
fear they caused, and their perverse fascination with
that emotion led them to commit acts of depravity that
matched even the foulest acts of the Wyrm. Iam happy
to report that, with the rise of the Margrave's star, such
nonsense has been fairly thoroughly stamped out.
While some Masks may yet remain, the vast majority
have been given the punishments they so richly de-
served — sometimes at the hands of the Judges of
Doom, but more often by whole packs of Garou who
simply refused to tolerate such lunacy for even a
minute longer. Good riddance, I say.

Shadow Lords

ier ¢/


wy

WY ANS sy

INN es
The Jockety of Nidboyg

Aswith the Masks, these Lords once wielded a fair bit
of power within the tribe. They worshipped the night,
made sacrifices to Grandfather Thunder, and even made
unholy alliances with some of our most hated vampire
allies. Some claim they hoped to plunge the world into
eternal darkness, while others go so far as to indicate they
wanted to hasten the coming Apocalypse. Either way,
Gaia was the least of their concerns, and they were a
blight upon us all. As the Lords became more organized
in the wake of Russia's liberation and the Margrave's rise
in status, we crushed this society beneath our feat, stamp-
ing it out utterly. Those few who escaped public condem-
nation faced the wrath of the Judges of Doom, and those
worthy scions of our race destroyed the society utterly.
From time to time we hear that someone or other has
started practicing those dark rituals once again, but none
of these reports ever proves to be substantial. If you
encounter any such beings, alert your elders immediately
so that we might send them exactly where they belong.

The Litany

Alexandra stretches. "Have you talked about the
Litany yet, Mara?"

The Theurge bares her teeth in reply.

Binding nobles and peasantry alike, the Litany is
our most sacred code. All Garou, no matter their tribe,
bow to the tenets which have bound us to one another
and the world around us since the birth of our kind, oh
so many years ago. However, while none may flaunt
their disregard of the Litany with impunity, it is none-
theless true that different tribes and, indeed, different
septs within each tribe choose to ascribe different mean-
ings to the letter of the laws on which we all agree. These
are matters of obeisance and tradition, and you must
understand them if you are to prosper within the tribe.

Garey Sha) Not Mafo U6 Garoy

The cardinal rule, this law of the Litany may never
be broken without severe consequences. None are
immune to this, no matter their station. From Gaia we
were created, to preserve the wolf and guard the
human, and we must never forget this. The Garou are
your pack, but it is to humans and wolves that you must
turn when siring children. We do this to continue our
lines, to fortify our hold on humanity, and to ensure
that we may walk among them unnoticed.

Alexandra adds: Note that "mate" here does not
merely refer to the production of offspring; it refers to sex
as well. The purpose of this law isto keep our attention on
the humans and wolves we are charged to protect, not to
prevent the production of metis. They're a by-product,
the proof that we've fouled things up, nothing more.

|

|

Combat the Wyrm Wherever 4 Duel
aod Whenever It Brocat

Another of our most sacred tenets, and one that is
often forgotten or ignored by the young or the foolish. Far
too many Lords place their own personal gains above the
needs of the tribe, which can only weaken us. Be that as
it may, this law is one whose influence is heavily colored
by interpretation. Remember that strength is more than
physical, and that the battle with the Wyrm is fought on
many different battlefields. Do not be afraid to use other
tribes to obey this law. Any fighting force needs strategists
as well as warriors to be effective, and you must always
remember fall into the former camp. If you are clever, you
will find that you can use the other tribes to destroy the
Wyrm and also advance your own position within the
tribe. If you are foolish, however, you will only be con-
sumed by your own ambition. Tread carefully.

Roar-of-Storms disagrees: Bah! An excuse for
cowardice! It is of course a given that we are to manipu-
late the actions of our alphas for the greater good; that
is Thunder's mandate, and we carry it out. But this
"interpretation" business is nonsense. If what we're
doing doesn't involve directly fighting the Wyrm at
some point or another, we're doing something wrong.

Reppedt the Territory of Avotber

Itisagiven that we must be mindful of the fact that,
as a mix of wolf and human instincts, we Garou tend to
be quite territorial. While it is a wise thing to respect the
boundaries of such territories, you should always re-
member that itis only overt displays of aggression which
are typically frowned upon. Do not let this law restrict
your activities overmuch; we are, after all, in a war for
survival, and trivialities such as this one need only be
respected in the broadest sense of the term.

Alexandra cautions: Do not lure the cub into a
false sense of complacency, Mara. Disobeying this law
could get you killed as quickly as it takes to tell the tale,
so it must be observed whenever possible. It is mostly
a matter of courtesy and ceremony, which means
observing it is no great bother.

Accept an Hovorabje Surrender

While all the tribes agree that this law is reasonably
important, it is of particular relevance to our tribe. Only
other Garou or, infrequently, other Fera, can offera truly
honorable surrender; Wyrmspawn do not warrant such
consideration. This means that accepting an honorable
surrender leaves your opponent beholden to you, which
gives you a tremendous advantage over that individual
and all that are allied with him.

Roar-of-Storms adds: Always turn a surrender to
your advantage; use the power it grants you to advance
your position, and thus better enable you to orchestrate

4

i —_——

battles against the Wyrm. Alsoremember that not every
surrender is honorable. If you suspect an opponent is
being dishonest, you may feel free to kill him on the spot.

Alexandra agrees: This is particularly relevant in
Klaive duels, which are sometimes fought to the death.
An opponent who surrenders in this instance is either
attempting to trick you, or not very honorable to begin
with. Dispatching him is thus perfectly legal.

JSubutelon fo hate of Migher Station

Heh. There is submission, and then there is submis-
sion. Always bow to your betters, but do not let them cow
you into submission unless they truly are your betters.
Remember that your ultimate goal is to strengthen the
Garou Nation, and orchestrate its battle against the
Wyrm and its minions. Do not allow others to impede
that goal, no matter their rank or supposed capabilities.
By thesame token, however, you must swallow your pride
and bow before those who are executing their duties in
good faith. You must never interfere with plans or opera-
tions which directly harm the Wyrm, unless your own
would do so more effectively.

Pavel adds: Remember that Grandfather Thun-
der himself tells us that we should only follow those
who are worthy of our obedience. This means we can
essentially ignore this law so long as we are acting in
good faith. Many a Lord has tried to defend treachery
using that excuse, though, so be sure you know what
you're doing before you disobey an elder.

The Piest Sbare of the Kit
jr the Creatatt lo Staton

Many of our laws are of cardinal importance to us,
but this is not one of them. It is a holdover from older,
simpler times, and has little application now. The kill is
to be divided according to the guile and cleverness of
those who make it, and if the highest ranking Lord is not
clever enough to take what he desires, that isno concern
to the rest of us. So long as you act with proper decorum
and do not endanger the other laws of the Litany, you
need not bother yourself with such trivial concerns.

Roar-of-Storms disagrees: Not so fast, Mara!
This law is important, since it reinforces the pack's
structure and reminds us to respect a worthy leader.
Elders must be respected, and you can bet that they're
worthy if they've lasted long enough to become elders.
Do not dismiss this law lightly.

Ys Iba Not Cat the Fytath of Homans

The wisdom of this law should be obvious. Even
the wolf-born must not violate it, for doing so will only
undermine our already tenuous relationship with hu-
manity. It is the corruption of the Wyrm that con-

Shadow Lords

iy ¢/


sumes human and beast alike, and it is that corruption
that we fight with all the tools at our disposal.

Roar-of-Storms points out: The intent of the law
may be obvious, but the fact remains that we are
creatures of Rage, and hence have the potential to sin
even if the consequences are obvious for all to see. This
law exists to ensure that we keep humans away from
our battles, so that they do not become unfortunate
victims of our frenzied ways.

That said, I hear they're rather tasty, from a wolf
point of view. I wouldn't know that myself, of course.
Just something I've heard, here and there.

T hate Beveath Yo —
Atv of Cala

Many of the other tribes, and not a few of the Lords,
take the "beneath ye" in this law to refer to other Garou,
and treat themaccordingly. Thatis, of course, the farthest
thing from the intent of this statute. The interaction of
Garou is dealt with in other laws; this one refers to the
relationship between the Garou and the other living
things in the world. Itreminds us to tread lightly upon the
Earth, and that the people, and animals, and spirits of the
worldare significant, even if they do not figure strongly in
ourplans. These thingsare not trivial; indeed, they are the
very reason we fight. Always remember this, lest your
ambition cloud your judgment. Many a Lord has fallen
when the Garouaround him realize that he cares nothing
for the world beyond his petty schemes.

Alexandra clarifies: Of course, this applies to prey
as well — even though you eat them, you still have to
show them the proper respect. Some Garou get all
mystical about this, but that isn't necessary; all you
have to remember is that respect and killing aren't
exclusive concepts, and shouldn't hamper your deci-
sions as though they were.

Tie Vat ball Not Ex Lifer

We respect this law due not to any particular
veneration for what it represents, but rather out of a
healthy sense of pragmatism. Humans have always
feared us, and with the advent of an industrialized
civilization they now have the tools to turn that fear
into hatred and persecution. What's more, new threats
such as hunters with strange powers are showing up
every day, and it is only through secrecy and prudence
that we can manage to stay astep or two ahead of them.
Remember that most of the other supernatural entities
in the world seek to pervert or consume it in some
fashion. The vampires violate it by their mere exist-
ence, the mages twist it to suit their whims, and the
ghosts resist the most basic dictums of Gaia Herself.
These are our enemies, and they are legion; we must

a

work against them in secret if we are to have any hope
of destroying them.

Alexandra speculates: It's possible that Gaiacreated
the Veil to remind us that we are not truly a part of the
world. In the natural scheme of things, there would be no
Wyrmspawn, no vampires, no maddened Weaver to
throw things out of whack. But these things do exist, and
soGaiacreated us to deal with them. Be thatasitmay, She
still wants to keep the world as "normal" as possible, and
tothatend she gave usa curtain to hide behind. Whether
that's true or not, it's something to keep in mind.

Do Not Suffer Thy Fa
fo Tend ' "Mela

This rule stems from the ways of the wolf. Roar-of-
Storms, if you would?

Roar-of-Storms: Mmmm. Ifa warrior, to say noth-
ing of a leader, is not fit to pull his own weight within a
sept, then he is not fit to live. That may sound harsh, but
it's the truth. We have limited resources, and we can't
waste them on old or feeble Garou. If you cannot
continue to contribute to our cause, you must have the
presence of mind to step aside and let other, more
capable Garou take your place. Remember that our
survival is atstake here; we can't afford to be lax when it
comes to honoring this law.

Alexandra responds: At the same time, however,
you also have to remember that this is not a club you
may use to remove leaders you happen to find incon-
venient. Even an old and frail leader can prove to be
surprisingly fit in mind and spirit, and if he is capable
of performing his duties you damn well better mind
your business and leave him be. Challenge the unfit,
but do remember that it takes more than being old to
qualify. Pick your challenges carefully, lest you yourself
— —— for the good of the pack.

22 Chaberged
ae Time tm Bay Ton"

This isn't just an option for us; rather, it's a
mandate. Our leaders must be continually tested to
keep them in fighting trim, and that means making
power plays when you can get away with it. Any leader
worth his position won't let you get away with much,
and they'll expect you to keep things interesting on a
fairly regular basis. A common problem with this law,
of course, is that many of the leaders who should be
challenged are far more powerful than those intrepid
Garou who realize their pack leader must be removed
from power. Should you find yourself in this unfortu-
nate position, do not be concerned; everyone has
enemies, and those enemies will be in your debt if you
choose to help them topple a corrupt pack leader. This

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye 49

 )

nee

|

Seer er ence rene rena are ener emmrenanerear

isa dangerous ploy, however, so be sure of your motives
and allies when you pursue such a course of action.

Alexandra cuts loose: Okay, that's the party line.
Now, remember this: many Lords think it's okay to
embarrass or undermine their leaders for their own
personal gain. Most of these Lords will be dead by the
year's end. Don't be a fucking asshole. Don't sabotage
plans that work to combat the Wyrm or its minions.
Don't let innocents or, worse, Garou get killed just to
make a leader look bad. Remember that you're a
champion of Gaia, and act like it. Yes, we manipulate
the other tribes when our plans call for it. We even
manipulate other Lords, if they're so stupid that they
don't see it coming. But always remember why it is
we're doing this: to fight the Wyrm. This isn't about
you, you little shit. We're fighting for a cause, and that
comes first. Make your challenges accordingly. If you
don't understand that, you will be dead within a week
of taking control of your first pack.

The Leader Ntay Not Bs Challenged]
Daurlag Wartime

Some Lords will tell you that we are always at war,
and that as such they cannot be challenged at any time.
This isa lie. While some areas are constantly under siege
from vampires, Banes, or other minions of the Wyrm,
the fact is that this law only applies during battle. Never
challenge a leader during battle, but should he prove
unfit you are obligated to challenge him as soon as the
battle ends. You must do this not only to advance your
own status, but also to maintain the integrity of your
pack and, ultimately, the tribe as a whole.

Pavel adds: This doesn't just apply to battle,
either. The leader shouldn't be challenged so long as
the pack is trying to accomplish something. Basically,
this law isn't just a law — it's a way of life. Stay on
target, get your tasks done, and deal with any problems
in leadership only after your immediate task is com-
pleted. We have to do it that way, because if we don't
the result is chaos.

Ys Shall Take NoAaflon TF
bat Cawset a Crern fo Be Violated

Roar-of-Storms snarls: This law is unquestioned,
even by the most ambitious Lords. Violate this law,
and you will not merely be punished. You will die.
Painfully. We cannot afford to lose, or even endanger,
any of the few caerns we have left, and you are not to
allow even the possibility of a threat to their sanctity.
There are no exceptions to this rule — even if you act
in good faith, actions that cause a caern to be violated
are punishable by death. No exceptions. Ever.

50
hh —_—

ee A ee

Alexandra resumes the narrative.

What we should stress here, of course, is that
everything we tell you should apply, more or less, to the
way the tribe works wherever you find it. But in
practice, things are different from place to place. We
have aunity that no humans can ever hope to share, all
bound by our oaths to the Mother and to Grandfather
Thunder. But distance and local culture can change
things, to say nothing of how dramatically local con-
cerns can differ from place to place.

Sorope

Nowas never before, Europe is the stronghold of our
tribe. With the fall of the Iron Curtain and the disinte-
gration of the Silver Fangs, the Garou of Europe look to
us for leadership, and we are more than willing to
provide it. We have forgeda union so powerful thateven
the Fenrir and the Black Furies are working side by side
with no complaints. We are bringing order to the
Balkans, slaughtering the vampires, which infest our
homelands, and punishing the humans that think they
have aright to persecute the weak and pollute the Earth.
In many ways, it seems as though we have passed a
turning point. As the European Union grows in power,
its stabilizing influence lets us push back the influence
of the vampires that have plagued us for so long. The
wars among humans are ending, and we are finally
taking back what is ours. Even the wolves are finding
their fortunes on the rise; once all but extinct in Europe,
they are spreading west into their former territories, and
as humans learn to tolerate them they are even coming
into the cities, living their lives without malice or fear.

We have the Margrave to thank for this. A pow-
erful Theurge of great renown, he looked upon our
tribe and saw the backstabbing and the politicking, the
vile secret societies and the abominable alliances, and
by sheer force of will crushed it all beneath his heel. As
Europe's fortunes began to rise he rode the wave,
taking the opportunity to unify the disparate elements
of our tribe into an organized fighting force capable of
destroying our enemies and bringing hope to the
Wyld. Most Garou fear the Margrave, and all respect
him. They might question his ethics, his motives, and
his methods, but they cannot question his results — he
has stolen power from Garou and vampire alike, and he
is using it to bring the world to its knees. For decades
we've watched the destruction of Gaia spiral out of
control, and it's time we did something about it. For

Shadow Lords

ier // 1

|


UN,

i?
ROY fe
2} cm

the Margrave, that something goes beyond pissing and
moaning about the sorry state of the world today. He's
going to change the world, if he has to kill every man,
woman and child on Earth to do it.

Aftea

Africa is not a home to us, and we are not particu-
larly welcome there. Few Garou are, really — only the
Silent Striders have truly overcome the opposition
offered by the local Fera, and even they are merely
tolerated. We have no real wolf Kin there, and while a
number of human regimes might interest us there are
just too many Bastet, Mokolé, and other Fera calling the
shots for us to truly get involved. This does not mean,
however, that events in Africa cannot be turned to our
advantage. A number of vampire sects rely heavily on
African elements, particularly those related to the drug
trade. You can use that information if you're careful,
even if you never set foot on African soil. A number of
other Garou groups — most notably the Black Furies,
Silent Striders, and Glass Walkers —also have interests
here, and so you would be well advised to keep abreast
of current events on general principle.

Ata
Asia remains a land of fascinating opportunity for
us, if we can navigate our way among three potent

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye

y /

MW)

supernatural groups: vampires, the Beast Courts, and
the Asian Glass Walkers. All have their own plans in
motion here, and an ill-prepared Lord will be hard-
pressed to keep his head abo er if he runs afoul of
Asian power factions. If he can, however, he'll find that
the structure of the Beast Courts provides him with
wonderful material for manipulation. You can make
these people do just about anything, provided you can
make it a point of honor for them to go along with your
plans. Do your homework before coming here, though,
because you'll be skinned alive if you don't.

Atria

Whataridiculous place. We have no business being
there, and it has little to offer us in any event. There are
Lords in the area, but there's not much for them to do.
Leave it to the Mokolé and the souls of the Bunyip.

North Amerlea

Given its current role in world affairs, it is of course
necessary that we maintain a strong presence in North
America (and specifically the United States). We play
the political spectrum as best we can, and use various
commercial and corporate interests to support many of
our efforts in Europe. It is not our homeland, though,
and we tend to operate there out of necessity rather
than preference. The combination of a stifling and

51


Seer re ere ere ren cae arvana rem cmnarwrensmnarenv

inefficient political system, the numerous and diverse
interests which are difficult to control, and the stron-
gest Silver Fang protectorate in the world make America
a place we'd rather avoid if possible.

You would think that the politics of America
would make it a place where Shadow Lords would
thrive, but in fact the opposite is true. The ruthless
politicking would be worth the trouble if the oppo-
nents were worth our time. Sadly, however, American.
politicians are so limp and uninspiring that we can't
see the point of bothering with them. The place where
we truly shine, that redeems America in Shadow Lord
eyes, is corporate big business. This is traditionally
Glass Walker turf, but it is also intensely political, and
is thus a magnet for Shadow Lord politicians. We have
alliances with the Glass Walkers in a number of larger
cities, and we were made for the corporate arena.
Between the bloodsuckers playing the corporate game,
the Glass Walkers, and the various Bane-manipulated
humans running around, it all makes for great sport.

Our greatest ally in North America is probably Eve
Constantine, a Shadow Lord who wields considerable
power in both the business and political arenas. She can
squash news stories pretty much at will, and does what she
can to make sure our activities in the States remain as
clandestine as we'd like them to be. She's in the process
of expanding her interests to Europe, to help support the
Margrave's efforts, so she's definitely a Garou to watch.

Netoo

Since the colonization of the New World, we have
always had a fair amount of influence in Mexico. Many
of our tribe were lost here during the Second War of
Rage, but some few still remain. They have taken the
remnants of the Mexican wolf population and made
them their own, and they maintain a few septs scat-
tered throughout the northern parts of the region. One
of the most interesting, and perhaps most disturbing, of
these is the Sept of the Earth Mother. The leader of the
sept, a Theurge named Miguel Gutierrez, has the
dubious distinction of being the only Shadow Lord in
recent memory to make contact with Bat, the fallen
patron of the Camazotz tribe. Though once a powerful
totem of Gaia, the destruction of Bat's children drove
him to despair, and he fell to the Wyrm's embrace.

Gutierrez is a powerful Theurge, and seems to be
particularly well connected to the spirits of his ancestors.
Among these is the Lord who killed the last of the
Camazot, and it was this individual's guilt and remorse
that led Gutierrez to seek out Bat in the first place. His
efforts seem to have met with some measure of success, as
he claims to have found a part of Bat that has not been
fully corrupted by the Wyrm's taint. This is a claim most
of us find to be patently absurd, but it is nonetheless

52
hh —_—

ee A ee

difficult to deny the evidence Gutierrez presents to sup-
port his claims. His sept has taken Bat as its totem, and
they benefit from anumber of potent gifts granted by their
patron. Further, Gutierrez now has a powerful connec-
tion to the spirits of the land around him, and can call
upon them for information and aid. What's astonishing
about this turn of events is that Gutierrez and his sept
appear to be completely free of Wyrm taint, despite their
connection toarecognized Wyrm totem. How thiscan be
is anyone's guess, and it is a secret that we have not been
able todecipher—and for his part, Gutierrez doesnotseem
to be inclined to share. As Lords near and far learn of
Gutierrez's story, they flock to his side hoping to learn
from him. These so-called "Children of Bat" seek to
subvert the Wyrm from within, putting past deeds toright
and atoning for the sins of our ancestors.

Gutierrez's influence even extends beyond our
tribe, and has attracted the attention of at least one
sept of Get of Fenris a few miles away, across the Texas
border. The Sept of the Earth Mother has worked
closely with these Fenrir to destroy a number of oil
interests along the Gulf of Mexico, using the voice of
Bat in tandem with the battle prowess of the Fenrir to
achieve impressive results. The Fenrir, in turn, occa-
sionally come to Mexico to vent their rage on the
vampires that infest the place. While the results so far
are impressive, the future of such endeavors is unclear,
and we are watching this sept very closely.

South Atwerlea

South America is a battleground, and it's become a
lot more interesting since Golgol Fangs-First opened up
peace negotiations with the Bastet in the area. I wouldn't
say they're making nice with us, but their kind and ours
are becoming more and more interdependent, and that
means the opportunities here are staggering. South
America is also a waypoint for traffic coming into North
America from Africa, which means many vampire plans
cross through here. Between the Garou, the vampires,
and the Balam there are many, many factions to play off
against one another, all with the goal of curbing the
Wyrm's influence in the region. We all have the same
goal, and that means there are many opportunities for
personal glory and consolidation of power if one plays his
cards right. This place is a gold mine, so don't ignore it.

The Cfber Tribet

Mara sighs.

There are eleven other tribes in the Garou Nation,
and an abundance of other shapeshifters and super-
natural entities in the world. Any evaluation of these
groups and individuals is a matter of personal taste, and
so you would be wise to treat any estimation of their

Shadow Lords

ier // 1

|


worth accordingly. Speak with other Lords on the
subject, that you might be better able to make your
own judgments concerning these groups.

The Black Fisphar

It is easy to dismiss the Furies due to the rhetoric
of their youth, but you would be foolish to do so. They
harbor traditions steeped in mysticism, and that gives
them ties to Gaia thatwe simply do not have. They can
shed light on spiritual mysteries, and they're also
extremely pro-active when it comes to defending the
rights of the helpless. Their insight and fervor tend to
produce favorable results, which reflects well on you if
you point them in the right direction.

Alexandra: The Furies' rhetoric can prove to be
quite tiring, but it does leave them open to manipula-
tion by female Garou of other tribes. Since they also
tend to be idealistic sorts, the merest word from a
careful female Lord will send them scampering off on
allsorts of fools' errands. They do hold grudges for quite
awhile, though, so don'tabuse this vulnerability unless
you've been careful about covering your backside.

Roar-of-Storms: The Furies' sexual politics are
ridiculous. They actually discard their male children,
solely because they are male! It's a stupid practice, and
one their lupus barely understand. It does work to our
advantage, since we can often adopt the most promising
male progeny, but it still makes them a tribe hobbled by
the absurdities of homid thinking. I'm sure some Lords
out there can use that, but I just find it pathetic.

Bone Craners

You know, I have always found it somewhat aston-
ishing that so many Lords — indeed, so many Garou in
general — think so poorly, of these Garou They are, of
course, social outcasts, butthatonly enhances their utility
in many respects. Theysee all thathappens around them,
and no one notices themyas they scurry about their
business. They are so eagerto please, and so willing to talk
to peoplé who take the time to notice them and treat
them like human beings —or even simple dogs. Call
them mongrels if you will, but donotdiscountthe wisdom
they have to offer. More than one glorious agenda has
hinged on the actions of one lowly Gnawer.

Pavel: Remember, too, that the Bone Gnawers
have all sorts of interesting ties to other supernatural
groups, particularly some castes of vampires and tribes
of Ratkin. Both of these groups tend to be extremely
well informed about the goings-on in the cities they
inhabit, so this makes paying attention to the Bone
Gnawers even more critical.

fren of Cala

It is easy to write the Children off as foolish
dreamers, largely because that's what most of them

Chapter Two: The Hurrieane's Eye

Nel

Se

seem to be. Some, howeverj/areysurprisingly capable
social engineers, and they can be useful go-betweens
when negotiating agreements with other tribes. The
others seem to view them as beings with good inten-
tions, ineffectual methods, and a generally harmless
demeanor. You should not ignore them, but do not
expect much from,them, either.

Pavel: Do not discount the Children's fighting
ability. While they aresuncharacteristically slow to
anger, they are incredibly passionate Garou, especially
when their packmates or those under their care are
threatened. Indeed, under such circumstances they fight
better than any Garouother than theFenrir themselves.

Farva

Fianna are of little use on the battlefield, but they are
veritable fountains of information. They are also prone to
drink, which makes them much more willing to part with
said information than other knowledgeable Garou (such
as Silent Striders) might,be. Witty conversationalists,
they are useful when one needs to create a relaxed
atmosphere at a moot: They do have some unavoidable
hang-ups, though, particularly about metis. Avoid them
if such individuals figure heavily into your plans.

Pavel: The Fianna's reputation for partying aside, do
be aware that they can be some of the most offensive
bastards known to either man or beast. I have met several
that make the Fenrir seem pragmatic and positively
urbane, and as far as I can tell these are not the worst the
tribe has to offer. The lupus don't seem to be as bad as the
homids in this regard, and the metis tend to look on their
homid relatives withiembarrassment and shame. Use this
to your adyanitage, as the metis.in particular are often
eager to drive their brethren into the ground (right where
they belong, by my way of thinking).

Alexandra?Yes, their treatment of metis is dis-
graceful, and it does quite a bit to hobble the tribe.
Still, the Fianna are strong traditionalists, and that
quality can be used both to motivate them and as a
source of leverage against the tribe. It makes them
easier to manipulate than just about any other tribe.

Cet of Foor

They are fierce warriors, if a bit single-minded. Do
not think them mere brutes — they can be surprisingly
astute, and they are absolutely paranoid when it comes
to dealing with other Garou, and us in particular. If you
can gain their trust they are fierce allies, uncompromis-
ing warriors, and gloriously predictable. Some of them
fancy themselves canny politicians, but this is a delu-
sion. Be sure to indulge them, however, as they do not
take insults lightly. Never, ever think of the Fenrir as
mere shock troops — they are far too valuable for that.
You must handle them with care, and use them spar-

3

ria

nn nn a rrr rn

Nana enmenr rene ermansrmameremansemenanrmaeerara

Mobility there, and T have
hakable dedication to
‘can remember that, your

d go smoothly.
it matters about the Get is

They are also one of the more cosmopolitan tribes, and
show up just about everywhere Garou exist. That

fine traits in any tool!
whenever you make th
kindly to being manip
reach than you migl

Gat

These Garou
operate within thi

re to cover your tracks
fer — they do not take
, and they have a longer

ely essential if you plan to
[Che world belongs

di manipulate them, if you
often so absorbed

approach them wit
in human affa
Nation, and hae
control to fund

finesse resources they
fojects. This can be a

and with itd
ous, they are:

nothing to change the fact that
more human than Garou.

they are moréin tune with the Wyld than any of us.

7mm

They know the wilderness as the Bone Gnawers or Glass
Walkers know the cities, and they make superb scouts
when they are within their element. Further, they are
fierce warriors, and experts at using the land around
them to best advantage. If you face the Wyrm in such a
setting, they are excellent allies to have at your side.

Sent Sirtders
Oh, if only we could make them talk... The Silent

S - world more
c it. They

€ athetic
e: F —

However, if you speak plainly to them and make y your
needs known, they might agree with your goals — and
in that case, they can prove to be quite helpful. Like
the Children of Gaia, they are also great arbiters, and
useful for resolving disputes among tribes.

Alexandra: Be sure to talk to a Strider before you
travel toa new territory, as they tend to make great travel
guides if youcan get them to give you the time of day. Also
remember that they know a thing or two about just about
everything, meaning that at the very least they'll be able
to tell you who to go to for more information.

Pavel: This i is, of course, easier said BA done,
particularly in America. This is the Fangs' new home-
land, and their power is quite strong there. If we are
to make any headway in this country (and we must,
since it has more economic and political power than
any other country in the world) we must work with
the Fangs, or at least not antagonize them. We can
afford to be aggressive in our homeland, and even in
Europe at large, but in America we must be much
more cautious.

Roar-of-Storms: The fact that the Fangs are actu-
ally accomplishing things in America does much to
advance their cause there, and indicates that we should
support their schemes so long as it is productive to do
so. Keep your own ambitions in check when dealing
with them in this context, as undermining them not
only makes you vulnerable but also hinders our fight
against the Wyrm. That fight must take precedence
over all other concerns, even the advancement of the
tribe's interests.

Shadow Lords

iy ¢/


kena

The Uktena traffic in secrets, but they are not the
sort of secrets, which interest us. Be mindful of them,
and give them a wide berth —if they are in the area,
it is because they are up to something important. They
tend not to be useful to us, so:there is little point in
trying to manipulate them.

Roar of Storms: The Uktena are most helpful in
the wilderness, mainly in the Americas. They know
where powerful Wyrm-spirits até bound within the
Earth, and that can help you gain an advantage over
the Wyrm's minions in those regions, or at least
understand why they operate as they do. As with the
Silent Striders, howeyer, you must speak plainly to
them, and never try to manipulate them. Politics isnot
their way, anda misstep with them will spell disaster —
for you and the world.

Alexandra: I happen to like the Uktena I've met.
They take a lot of flak for their so-called trafficking
with Banes and willingness to value the clever ap-
proach over the glorious approach, but to me that says
"kindred spirits." They think a lot like we do, only their
political struggles happen in the spirit realm. Valuable
allies, if you ask me.

NWendgo
The Wendigo are of no concern to us. They are
bitter, hateful individuals who would rather wallow in
their self-pity thansactually do anything productive for
the world. Additionally, they have next to no power or
influence in either the human or the wolf worlds, and as
such are ofno value to us. Even the Red Talons have more
to offer, as they at least understand the wolf better than
any other tribe, The Wendigo'don't even have that.
Roar-of-Storms: They are stupid and hateful, and
do not act on their convictions. | do not even think
they have convictions. The Uktena may be strange,
but at least they work. The Wendigo just complain,
and hack at those who come near them. Pitiful.
Pavel: | wish I could disagree, but my experiences
have only reinforced this opinion. Just avoid the
Wendigo if at all possible. Remember that they hold
grudges for a long, long time, and that they have no
interest in reconciliation or putting differences aside
to accomplish more important goals. Do not cross
them if you can avoid it, and avoid their territories
unless you have some special reason to deal with them.
Alexandra: You're all forgetting that they're the
chosen tribe of a spirit who's tied to the storm and wind
almost as muchas ourown Grandfather. Great Wendigo
could in fact be the younger, wilder brother of Grand-
father Thunder, save that he substitutes anger for
cunning. If the patronage of Falcon proves that the

Ca

She nmmor mr eareesermn reese Nene

Chapter Two: The Hurrieane's Eye.

Silver Fangs are not yet completely hopeless, then the
patronage of Great Wendigo should prove that his
children still have strength and purity borrowed from
the storm and the north wind. That might prove very,
very useful in the time to come, if we could just get over
the fact that they don't respond well to being manipu-
lated in all our favorite ways.

The Fara

In addition to the other tribes, there are a variety
of Fera in the world around us. Most have little to no
influence in the world today, and those that do are rare
enough that you'll likely never encounter them. It
does pay to be informed, however, so here is what you
can expect from them.

Atala

Official word says that the hyena-people are extinct,
butrumors to the contrary continue to crop up. Their Kin
are highly social creatures, so I suppose it's possible that
Gaia originally intended for them to take on the role of
the Garou in Africa. Weaklings that they were, however,
they fell to the Wyrm, and were destroyed shortly there-
after. If some few remain, no matter; they aren't terribly
important, unless they have some involvement in the
Ahadi movement in Africa. That bears watching, but is
not of primary importance to us.

Anarath ‘

These spider shifters can be found all over the
world, but they keep to themselves and are not terribly
useful tools. They seem to be disconnected from Gaia,
and are very alien creatures. Avoid them if possible.

Roar-of-Storms: No! If you encounter one, you
must destroy it. These creatures drink the blood of
living things, just as vampires do! That makes them
creatures of the Wyrm, no matter how they try to
justify it. Destroy any you encounter, at once!

Alexandra: Though I don't feel as strongly about
itas Roar-of-Storms doesylitend to agree. I suppose the
Ananasi cull the humansin their own way, but they are
far too alien to be of any use to us. We're better off
without them.

Saft

The Bastet have no influence in Europe, and
precious little in the States. They are, however, a fairly
potent force in the Amazon, so you should learn about
them if you plan to influence events in that region.
This is especially important in light of the concessions
Golgol Fangs-First has granted them. They are also
reasonably important in Africa, but again, that region
is not terribly important to us.

55
mere

|

Sere ee ence ee ener ere mer een rs mmm

Alexandra: It seems as though the Bastet are
divided into tribes, as we are, and that some of these
tribes are filled with especially potent warriors. They
have managed to resist Garou attempts to claim their
territory, and it is not in our best interests to fight with
them. Be that as it may, they can be quite aggressive.
Only the Silent Striders seem to be able to maintain a
consistently productive relationship with them, so use
these Garou as intermediaries if regions under Bastet
control are important to you for some reason.

Cora

The Corax are our strongest non-Garowi allies.
They Raye lived with us in Europe for centuities, if not
longer, They,like to talk, and don't cate much if the
informationis valuable; be careful, though, for they are
clever and guileful beastssand know all the tricks to
make a dull mind talk. On theflip side, however, they
often let slip valuable nuggets of information, often
with no strings attached. Merely talking to one can
prove enlightening,so do not pass up the opportunity
if it presents itself,

Alexandra# The close ties that exist between our
tribe and the Corax are not surprising, as it has always
been the case that wolves and ravens share a special
bond. Remember, too, that these are creatures of
Helios, whereas we are creatures of Luna. That is an
important distinction, for it means the Corax can be
great allies in Umbral quests, assuming we can con-
vince them that such activities will be entertaining
enough to be worth their interest.

Roar-of-Storms: Bah! I don't care how useful the
little beasts are! They dare to mock us, to nip at our
tails, and to lead us on infernal chases all for their own
amusement! Valuable or not, I say we fit the bastards
for golden legbands and be done with them.

Gordf

We've heatd reports that Gurahl have recently
surfacedsin North America, but it's hard to picture
them being of much importance at the present time.
Certainly, finding offé and gaining influence over it
might net you renown, and ina broader sense they are
quite important to Gaia; it woulajbe well to see that
they are protected if possible. It is inadvisable to play
games with thém, However, both becaliséithey have no
real part to play in Garou affairs and because the
backlash of a failed plan would be disastrous.

Roar-of-Storms: The,Gurahl are staunch allies
who take theif tole as Gaia's healers very seriously.
They do not appreciate being manipulated, and they
are wise enough to see through suth schemes in any
event. But if you need them, they-willleome.

5

a

Pavel: What? How do you know this, Roar-of-
Storms?

Roar of Storms: If it bore mentioning, you would
have heard the Galliards sing of it. Be silent and let
Mara continue.

Nokefé

Mokolé are only of real interestin South America,
and even there theysténd to keépito themselyés. They
are theoretically the Memory of Gaia, but capitalizing
on thepossibilities this presents would tequire gaining
their trast —~an unlikely occurrence at best. Talkto'a
Theurge about them if they become important to you,
but otherwise leave them alone.

Alexandra: Other tribes seem to have better luck
with the Mokolé than we do. The Uktena in particu-
lar are good intermediaries, as they have strong septs
in the American southeast, the Amazon basin, and
Australia — all sites of significant Mokolé activity.
Additionally, the Silent Striders seem to have re-
forged ties with the Mokolé in Africa, which is good
for Gaia even if it's of little interest to us. These tribes
are thus your best bet when it comes to dealing with
the werecrocodiles. And do I need to reinforce the
importance of/dealing through intermediaries? |
thought not.

Nagab

You... héar things, listening to the Stormcrows.
You hear that the cobrapeople are dead, but that they
are not dead. You heat that they were beautiful danc-
ers, and you hear that they are assassins who have a
particular hatred of those who have transgressed against
Gaia. I would think they'd get on well with the Judges
of Doom, were any still alive. We presume that all of
the Nagah are dead, and that's likely for the best. But
just in case the Stormerow gossip is true, if you discover
one, do not antagonize it— rather, leavé it be and let
it continue to do its work. We need no more enemies,
particularly those that can rise from the dead.

Nwttha

The Nuwiéha are also dead, or might as well be.
The Stormcrows pass onstoriesoficoyote spirits in the
umbra, so perhaps they dwell there. Either way, they
havelittleyto offer us.

Alexandra: It is my understanding that the
Nuwisha ‘played the role of Gaia's Laughter, and as
such they might be more important than our esteemed
leader hete lets/on. Mést have left the world for the
deep Umbra, and that is where any.role they have in
the future ofthe world willibe played'out. They also
have strong ties to Raven, so yowxneed to keep them in
mind if you are undertaking quests in the spirit World.

Shadow Lords

ile // 1


Ruthie

Like the Boné'Gnawers, the Ratkin know quite a
bit about the world around them. They are not quite as
sociable, however, and are harder to manipulate. Use
them if you can, but only if the opportunity just drops
in your laps

Roar-of-Storms: Hah! You'forget, Mara, that the
Ratkin are consummate survivors, and utterly devious.
They hold fierce grudges against' both Garou and
vampires, and they have extensive contaéts with both.
They are wondrous sources of information, and ulti-
mately disposable. They ate ideal,tools.

Alexandra: If you say so. Mé, I say they're vermin,
and deserve to be steppedion aécordingly.

Pavel: | agree. Gaia createduus to.keep humanity
in check, so the Ratkin must have served some other
purpose, despite what the Gnawers say. What purpose
was that? Well, if we don't know, then they can't have
been dedicated to it, eh? Probably traitors to the
Mother, every last one.

Rokea

The weresharks are quite possibly the most useless
Feraon'the planet. They are tiedst6'thé Séayinot the
Earth, and they are' by all accounts quite aliensThey
are of HO Concern. to you.

Alexandra: Agteed. Do note that they seem to
have some presence in South Africa and Australia, so
if you ever find yourself in these areas (though Gaia
knows why you would) you should keep them in mind.
They are not friendly, and might as well be Wyrm
creatures for all the help they'llgive us.

Syargazert

Ah, the wayward sons. They are nice and cryptic,
and have a reputation for doing nothing (and doing it
well). Their defectioniwas no great l6ss:

Pavel: It is, however, significant. The Fera of the
Far East are becoming important a8*°we approach the
End Times, and we'cannot simply ignore them. In-
stead, it would bein our best intérests to try to under-
stand why the Stargazers left us, and what that means
for the future. While this may not seem like a critical
project, it nonetheless deserves our attention.

The Beat Courkt

Strange beings, these "beasts." They are Fera en-
slaved to a particular human culture, and hence are a
mystery to the rest of us. Our spiritual brothers, the
Hakken, are part of this group, and they are as alien to
us as any other shifter. Nonetheless, they are tremen-
dously important when navigating the affairs of the

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye

Ca

SS

East, and you would do Well to learn of them should
your travels take you t6 this region.

Alexandra: Also, with the advent of the Ahadi,
the ties between Garou'and other Fera are increasing
in strength. The Beast:Couitts.may be criticized for
their reliance on humamsocial norms, but it is none-
theless an interesting model showing how Fera inter-
actions might be productive. The Ahadi seems to be
built on the Beast Courtmodel, and something similar
may soon develop in South America. As such, it is very
much in our interest to study and understand the Beast

Courts' ways of doing.things.

The Yer

Gaia's children compriseyonly a fraction of the
supernatural creature§ populating the world. Most of
the others are both dangerous.and more numerous
than we are, so you must exercise extreme caution
when dealing with them. Do not assume they think
like you do, or that they are motivated by the same sorts
of goals. These are alien beings, and you must treat
them accordingly.

Vamprrar

Vampires are our'éternal foes;!but we often para-
doxically find oufselves making alliances with them
more than any Other supernatural group — including
other Garou. Itis of course true that we would happily
see them scourged fromi the planet, and the Margrave
does his level best to make this vision aireality, but in
the meantime the Leeches are filled with information
about alksorts of things we find important..They tell us
what's goingon in the various branchesof Pentex, how
things are going in the cities, and/so on and so forth.
They're also plentiful and disposable, soa good way to
eliminate an enemy —ora hive of Wyrm taint — is to
get a bunch of vampires mad at him. You eliminate
your foe, and don't havesto sacrifice Garoil to do it.
Everybody wins!

Roar-of-Storms laments: I have heard, on occa-
sion, of Garou and vampires running together as allies,
or even friends. This disgusts me. Use a vampire as a
pawn if you must, but do not delude yourself into
thinking such an abomination can ever be a lasting
ally. They are dead. They are the antithesis of every-
thing we represent, and to call one a friend is to mock
Gaia in the worst way possible.

Waget

Mages are quite subtle, and in the right circum-
stances quite powerful. You don't want to make them

7

ame

|

angry, but if you can get one in your pocket they can
prove to be a terrific ace up your sleeve. You do have
to treat them as equals, though, since they're filled
with thoughts of "ascension" and other such nonsense.
But if you approach them right, they'll eat out of your
palm just like any other human will.

Roar-of-Storms: Bah! Your humanity is showing.
Mages take the beauty of Gaia and crush it, forcing it
to submit to their wills. There is no good to be found
here, even in those who think themselves friends of
the Earth. They are abominations, and must be treated
in exactly the same manner as a nest of vampires or a
hive of Wyrmspawn.

Wille

These beings hold secrets, and secrets hold power.
It is typically not our way to truck with the dead, but
they are a resource, which is easily exploited if you
know what they seek, and how to get it. Often, the
dead are put to rest by simple things, so it is worth our
while to devote some time to learning about them
when the opportunity presents itself. Still, the walking
dead violate the natural order of things, so make laying
them to rest your primary order of business should you
encounter one.

Pavel agrees: I've encountered ghosts inanumber
of places, typically sites of horrific acts or great battles.
They are somber creatures, and quite disturbing. Some,

however, are extremely hostile, so exercise care when
dealing with them.

Dangelagt

Their time is gone, it seems. We hear of them
every now and then, but their influence on the waking
world has diminished, and they have largely been
forgotten. It is a sad thing, I suppose, but they are
ultimately of no consequence to us.

Alexandra wonders: I've never understood why it
is they're here to begin with. What is their purpose?
How could such bizarre and trivial creatures play into
Gaia's plans for the world? I suppose we'll never know,
given how rapidly they're dying from the world, but it
is curious.

Hiuyupert

You have to give the humans some credit — it only
took them a few thousand years to get around to doing
something about all the supernatural critters preying
upon them. Now, they seem intent on getting payback
and cleaning the world up, which isn't an entirely bad
thing from our perspective. Unfortunately for them,
they are clumsy, disorganized, and more often than not
incompetent. They have no real community to speak
of, no formal training to fall back on, and no coherent
agenda. They just want to kill supernatural things —
typically vampires. This makes them fantastic tools,

since they never know what to expect from us and are
just looking for targets which often coincide with our
own. So, a little push here, a little nudge there, and
they do our work for us, all without us dirtying our
hands or wasting other, more valuable resources on the
job. Great opportunities, there, so long as we can keep
their attention far away from us.

Chapter Two: The Hurricane's Eye 5!

NS

a

Roar-of-Storms snorts: I suppose that's true, but
they're a pretty pathetic group regardless. They are
uninformed, disorganized, misguided, and utterly inef-
fectual without aid from other sources. This makes
them fine pawns, I suppose, but don't count on them
for too much. And do watch your back around them —
their pathological view of the things they don't under-

stand makes them somewhat unpredictable.
9

Pi


Am I a god? I see so clearly!
—Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust

Grandfather Thunder bestows anumberofbless- think them mere politicians or schemers are in for
ings on his children, all designed to propel the a rude awakening. Shadow Lords are planners par
Shadow Lords to dominance among the Garou. The excellence, and they move with a purpose lost on
traditions of the Lords are their own, and any who __ most other Garou.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 61

CLL, ED A LON

|

|

Zackgrowd

Backgrounds are arguably the most important
traits a Shadow Lord possesses, for they define his
access to resources and information as well as his
ability to influence the world around him. While
it's true that a number of Shadow Lord Gifts and
rites are quite powerful, they are all highly personal
in nature. Backgrounds, by contrast, involve the
world around the character, sometimes to an enor-
mous degree. Here are some ways to use the influ-
ence Backgrounds provide, as well as ways to make
them unique.

Abt

It might seem rather odd at first that Shadow
Lords find no use for allies, given the highly politi-
cal nature of the tribe. Individuals in such a group
would surely have great use for allies. However, the
mercurial nature of Shadow Lord politics ensures
that no allies will remain as such for long, and that
no friend to a Lord can ever be fully trusted. Thus,
Shadow Lords may not take this background. They
may, however, choose to invest in Clout instead
(described below), which is a more appropriate
Background given the ruthléss nature of Shadow
Lord politics.

Antitport

While not terribly interested in lineages and
such, Shadow Lords nonetheless place great stock
in gaining the favor of their ancestors. Ancestors
bring with them knowledge and an awareness of the
mistakes of the past, which living Garou can use to
inform future decisions. More important, however,
is the fact that ancestors. represent a potentially
powerful resource, one that most Lords are unwill-
ing to overlook.

Gout

While Shadow Lords may never begin the game
with ranks in the Allies background, they can begin
with Clout. Clout is an important Trait, for it indi-
cates both the degree of influence the Lord has
within the tribe and the extent to which he can call
upon that influence in times of need. Shadow Lords
never work alone, and this is one reason why Clout
is so important. It represents the Lord's ability to
gather allies when making a risky political move, and
the degree to which the Lord's words are respected
when he is trying to sway others to his point of view.

Shadow Lords

It is effectively a hybrid of Allies and the Influence
Background found in other World of Darkness games,
but it is both more flexible and more limited than
either Background alone.

Clout is important to all Shadow Lords, as it
affects their ability to influence the tribe at large
and their ability to remain effective when working
alone. Thus, even apolitical Lords often have some
degree of Clout, as it gives them the power to break
from the pack without losing Renown in the pro-
cess. Of course, Clout works both ways, meaning
that a Lord is expected to support those who have
done favors for him in the past. This makes Clout
useful in a story sense as well as in a character sense.

Contact

Contacts are a Shadow Lord's meat and drink,
for it is from them that they gain the information
they use to turn ambition into reality. Generally
speaking, there are two broad groups of contacts
the character may make over the course of his
career. Individuals in the first group are similar to
allies, save for the fact that the character just
doesn't have the time to invest in them as he
would an ally. He thus maintains ties with them as
best he can, and calls on them for information or
a favor from time to time. These operate as normal
contacts in all respects.

A less savory sort of contact is one that pro-
vides reliable information to the character, but is
of no personal interest to him. Such individuals
are little more than tools, and may be discarded
when they no longer prove useful. The relation-
ship between these contacts and the character is
always strained, but it is nonetheless reliable. Con-
tacts of this sort may include adversaries who share
a common goal with the character, other super-
natural entities, or.even Wyrmspawn of various
sorts. See the section on camps and Backgrounds,
below, for ideas on using contacts in this fashion.

Fifth

Generally, Shadow Lords have comparatively
little interest in fetishes, or at least in the more
obvious ones ‘suchas Fang Daggers and Monkey
Puzzles. Relianceon trinkets is considered a failing.
However, any fetish favoring the Lord's affinity for
guile and subterfuge will definitely get his atten-
tion. Further, while most)Lords do not typically
confront the Wyrm directly, many are nonetheless
accomplished klaive duelists (largely because they


find themselves challenged on points of honor more
often than they'd care to admit). Some also use
fetishes for purely utilitarian purposes; a Bringer of
Light, for instance, might find a Baneskin to be
particularly useful, even if he has no interest in the
fetish for its own sake. Similarly, Lords who often
interact with Corax find that fetishes and talens of
all sorts do much to loosen choice nuggets of infor-
mation from their feathered allies.

Shadow Lord Kin.areshuman more often than
not, but shi@yydo- have ‘@ sutprisingenumber of
wolves their midst. These wolf Kin are'spread-
rou Europeasthat tegion's wolf popu-
Tecover from their near collapse, while the
humans the Lords call their own continue to keep
to themselves and providéa foundation the Lords
may use to conduct their/battles) no matter what
form they may take§Whether wolf or human,
Shadow Lords havé.close ties with their Kin, and
tend to keep them close to the tribe. Ethnicity is of
no real concern to the Lords; they have a penchant
to breed with those humans who demonstrate the
greatest personal acuity and strength of body or
character, which has given them Kin groups of
remarkable diversity.

Pare Breed

Shadow Lords have little interest in the breed-
ing of their fellows, and Garou who have it gain
little status within the tribe. All that concerns them
is the intelligence and temerity of their fellows, and
Garou who do not exhibit a preponderance of both
cannot count on their breeding to assist them in
Lord society. Shadow Lords with Pure Breed still
receive bonus dice for their social roles, but it won't
help them much unless they use it in conjunction
with other skills. But for those who have it all... the
only word for them is "magnificent."

Pure Bred Shadow Lords are often dark-haired
and of stormy countenance in Homid form, with
striking features and solid, wide-shouldered build.
In wolf form, they are larger and deeper-chested
than many wolves, a characteristic that is all the
more imposing in Hispo form. The most notable
quality of Shadow Lord Pure Breed, however, is a
coat of darkest black in Crinos, Hispo and Lupus,
often matched with bright, intense yellow eyes.

 )

a

Ruowrcat

While many Shadow Lords would like to have
high levels of Resources, the simple fact of the
matter is that relatively few do. They and their Kin
have historically dwelled in economically depressed
regions, and the greed of their vampiric antagonists
only exacerbates the problem. Those who escape,
however, or who are descendants of those who do,
manage to amass an impressive array of resources in
relatively short order. It isnot uncommon for Lords
in the United States or other wealthy countries to
funnel monies to allies in Shadow Lord strongholds
in Eastern Europe.

Of course, most Lords rely heavily on their
Kinfolk for monies, and it is here that their
choosiness in the selection of mates bears fruit.
Many Shadow Lord.Kin are easily as clever and
resourceful as théir brethren, and they use
these wits to support them even in the
leanest of times. r

iat

than that of any othet Garou . This structure
extends into the complicated dealings they have
with the spirit world, bas a result, they seem to
have a rite for every mn. Most of these come
from Grandfather Thi
Lords are skilled in
rudimentary rites. High ng Theurges are mas-
ters of the craft, and ft-eontributes in no small
measure to their successes

Tofors

As a general rule of thumb, Shadow Lords tend
to be fanatical about following Grandfather Thun-
der or one of his
tradition, as sticking clo
maintain tiéS within
wise be torn apart by i
it is also the fact! that

‘the Le

a irits simply
Te in the
bo cant, Lords i in
n't jal coop-
eration by insisting Ofa,pack totem of Thunder's
court, but packs and septs madeup largely of Shadow
Lords are on the average more exclusive.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 63

manne


5 eens -eerar en era area nave se arvana rm amsewrenseeerenav)\

Not all septs choose this path, however. Some
invest in other totems as a way to curry favor with
Garou from other packs and septs, and others do so
to bring a totem's influence to an area, strengthen-
ing pack and totem alike. The Children of Bat, for
example, have effectively restored at least a portion
of Bat by virtue of their faith alone, and some Lords
wonder if other fallen totems might be restored ina
similar manner. While this is unlikely, it would not
be the first time a Lord has undertaken such an
unusual course of action.

Camps avd Backgrowat

Members of various Shadow Lord camps and
societies tend to focus their efforts in specific
Backgrounds. These details are only typical, how-
ever, and should not be taken as concrete rules
that govern the camps as a whole. Even within a
camp, the important thing is what works — not
what is "usual."

The Brbagers of Light

The Bringers of Light test themselves by expo-
sure to the horrors of the Wyrm, and as such their
Backgrounds often reflect a fetish arsenal suited to
achieving this goal. Many favor Baneskins, as these
allow them to walk among the Wyrm's minions
undetected without necessitating the use of a Gift.
Similarly, more than one Lightbringer can count a
fomor or a Black Spiral Dancer amongst his con-
tacts, each using the other to gain a foothold in
Wyrm society. Like all Lords, Lightbringers have no
real allies or mentors to call upon. They do, how-
ever, tend to have considerable clout, if for no other
reason than the fact that they have managed to
survive things that would put other Lords down
permanently. They tend to be loners, and have few
Kin to call upon in times of need. Finally, the
clandestine nature of their missions ensures that
they rarely have a relationship with totem spirits, at
least until their quest is completed. Their other
Backgrounds are as varied as those of any Garou.

The Cifdren of Crow

These betas tend to have enormous pools of
contacts, as well as quite a few strong allies both
within the tribe and a rare few associates among
other groups of Fera (typically Corax). Since Shadow
Lords cannot take the Allies background, however,
these allies are typically represented using Merits
(or rarely Clout, though it's uncommon for Garou
so strongly inclined to play the role of betas to have

Shadow Lords

any real influence within the tribe). Their Kin
relations are also often strongly developed. The
Children don't tend to have much in the way of
rites or fetishes, as these things are often reserved
for pack leaders. There is no real stereotype about
the Children and Resources — some have quite a
bit of tangible wealth that they use to get things
done for their superiors, while others join the Chil-
dren precisely because they have little enough re-
sources to make a bid for alpha status themselves.
The Fuget of Doom

As with the Children of Crow, the Judges often
have extensive networks of contacts and Kin to
help them pass down their judgments. Their inde-
pendence means they tend not to have strong allies,
but their secrecy and need for versatile tools and
weapons make a number of rites and fetishes quite
attractive to them. They almost always have men-
tors, as these are the Judges who bring them into the
fold to begin with. (These are, of course, repre-
sented using Merits of Mentor or Feared Mentor at
the end of this chapter, not the usual Background.)
Finally, the Judges' mysticism and close scrutiny of
the Litany makes them favored children of Thun-
der, and he often acts as patron to them in ways that
vary from individual to individual — personal to-
tems are more common among the Judges than they
are among many other Garou.

The Lorde of the Suwmtp

Lords of the Summit tend to have massive
resources at their disposal, be they monetary, politi-
cal or otherwise. They rely heavily on contacts to
keep them informed of events in the world around
them, and they are adept at manipulating Kin rela-
tions, both their own and those of other Garou.
Many are accomplished klaive duelists, as they
often find themselves surrounded by enemies eager
to take their hides in a duel. They also tend to have
many other fetishes at their disposal, for use as both
gifts and as weapons against their rivals. Most im-
portantly, they are often extremely skilled in the
practice of rites, using them to crush their enemies
and ensure their allies remain in power.

New Exckgroond

Shadow Lords are denied access to the Allies
and Mentor background, as described above, but
this does not mean they have noallies or teachers to
speak of. Far from it. It merely reflects the fact that
the Lords are manipulators, and cannot count on


aid from these sources for long. The following back-
ground is designed to address this issue, allowing
Lords to interact with others in a way that guaran-
tees them support but still exhibits the ephemeral
nature of most Shadow Lord relationships.

Gout

"Look. It ain't my rule, hon," growled the heavy-
set werewolf, his Glabro form exaggerating the impres-
sion of a seedy, hairy bouncer at a biker bar. "The
Momma says no Shadow Lords get to enter less'n
they're invited. You weren't invited. Now maybe you
could beat the hell outta me and get past, but they ain't
gonna listen to you if you got the blood of a Gnawer on
your claws."

"I wouldn't have to fight you," said the dark-eyed
woman in a low, slightly accented voice that made the
sentry shiver. "I could pull rank on you, and force you
to grant me entry. But I would rather ask you to give me
an invitation, as a... favor to a friend."

His eyes widened, and he looked at her as if for the
first time. "Yeah? Really? Well... uh... well, in that
case, Miz Kliminski, maybe I could... ah, heck. Lemme
call for someone to spell me, and I'll see what I can do."

You have influence within the tribe, and you
can use this influence to occasionally gain favors or
rally allies when making a push to accomplish a goal
of value to the tribe. This Background both repre-
sents your ability to influence events within the
tribe and your ability to sway others to your way of
thinking, counting on their talents to bolster your
own when staging a coup or trying to win support for
your ideas at a moot. While the Background can be
used to gain allies, the people gathered do not
remain so for long and have no special affection for
you. Rather, it happens that your goals and theirs
coincide for the moment, and so they will support
your while they find it convenient to do so.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings


Sere nce re ener ere er een rs mmrmmnere

For each level of Clout you possess, you may
exert your influence one time per story. This may
net you a nugget of information, or it may gain you
an ally for one endeavor. The Storyteller deter-
mines how likely it is for any particular request to
be granted; you can propose that you can wrangle
a boon out of an elder, but the Storyteller may well
decide it's more likely that you can draw on some-
one of your own Rank. You may use Clout to win
favors from non-Shadow Lords as well, but the
likelihood of doing so successfully (again,
Storyteller's discretion) is further reduced. How-
ever, the downside to this is that Clout carries
with it a cost: As you draw upon others for aid
during the course of a story, they will also call upon
you for aid in equal measure. Accordingly, each
dot of Clout you possess leaves you open to a
request for favors from others over the course of
the story; you won't automatically receive as many
requests as you have dots in the Background, but
the possibility is there. Note that refusing to give
a favor may damage your Clout, especially if the
request is not entirely unreasonable.

. One favor/ally per story
Two favors/allies per story
Three favors/allies per story
Four favors/allies per story
eee Five favors/allies per story

MET: This new Background allows you to exert
your influence and "persuade" others to see your
way of thinking. In return, you owe someone some-
thing for their assistance. It can best be thought of
as a combination of Allies and Influence — you
have people you can call on, but only if you do
something to keep them on your side. This quid pro
quo is expected. Clout can be used against non-
Shadow Lords, but it works most effectively against
Shadow Lords (particularly of your own Rank),
Shadow Lord Kin and the local scene.

X Can't get the time of day.

One Trait One favor/ally
Two Traits Two favors/allies
Three Traits Three favors/allies

Four favors/allies
Five favors/allies

Four Traits
Five Traits

tiffs

Garou are social creatures, and Shadow Lords
are far more social than most. How else could their
society be so regimented, so orderly and disciplined,

en

a 27 a

if the social interactions between Garou were not of
vital importance to them? So it is that a Lord's
Backgrounds and rites are much more significant to
them than are their Gifts. Be that as it may, how-
ever, the Lords nonetheless have some potent Gifts
at their disposal.

For most Lords, Gifts are a spiritual birthright,
not the be-all, end-all of Garou existence. Though
they are not trivial items by any means, the Lords
value them more for their social and spiritual sig-
nificance than for their potential as weapons as war.
Typically, the Lords use Gifts to gain an edge over
their opponents, or to maneuver around their en-
emies such that other, more telling blows may be
used to finish the battle.

The spirits who teach the tribe's Gifts are thus
much more concerned with issues of character and
intent than they are with other Garou. Merely
having the requisite renown is not enough, nor is
simply performing the proper rituals. Lords who
would learn their patrons' Gifts must show that
they are fundamentally worthy of receiving the
Gift, and that they will use it properly in all
circumstances.

Shadow Lords may technically teach any Gift
they possess to anyone who cares to learn it. In
practice, however, this is almost never done. To
them, this is like giving the petitioner a gun loaded
with silver bullets — any Gift they teach may
ultimately be used against them, and they figure
that anyone who comes to them seeking the Gift
couldn't get it from the usual source. Circumstances
are, of course, the final arbiter of such decisions, but
most Lords will respond to requests for instruction
in a maddeningly predictable fashion: "If you want
the damn Gift, go find the right spirit and learn it
the same way I did!"

Toba Coffe

These are common Gifts, and may be learned
by any Shadow Lord who can convince a spirit to
teach him.

© Whisper Catching (Level One) — Secrets
are an important commodity, and those who strive
to keep their secrets may very well be hiding some-
thing dangerous. This Gift was developed to root
out potential traitors or plotters against the Garou,
but has been open to... certain abuses ever since.
The Shadow Lord may supernaturally eavesdrop on
whispered conversations nearby, giving her an edge

Shadow Lords

iniemay // 1


over those with something to hide. This Gift is
taught by a crow-spirit.

System: The player spends a Willpower point.
For the duration of the scene, any whisper within
earshot is as audible to the Shadow Lord as if the
speaker were speaking loudly and clearly. The
player may still have to make Perception checks to
hear whispers within earshot if obstacles or dis-
tance would make even an ordinary conversation
difficult to hear. The Murmur Rite (pg. 74) blocks
this Gift; the Shadow Lords are not willing to
violate the privacy of a shadow moot, even for
their own personal gain.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait. For the rest of
the scene, the Shadow Lord may choose one whis-
pered conversation to listen in on, which he can
hear quite clearly. This is best done by having the
player sit in the location out of play to listen. Ina
place such as a dance club, this will require Mental
Challenges to interpret the sound around all the
other distractions. This Gift has no effect on a
place protected by the Murmur Rite. The Story-
teller may choose to disallow this Gift due to
logistical concerns.

* Cold Voice of Reason (Level Two) —
Shadow Lords are skilled manipulators, and are
renowned for their ability to both stall for time and
talk their opponents into going about their busi-
ness. This Gift gives that character trait supernatu-
ral force, holding assailants at bay while the Lord
himself either escapes or calls on others for support.
It must be used strategically to be effective, but it
can be powerful when used in this fashion. This Gift
is taught by a crow-spirit.

System: When the Lord is attacked in combat,
or even merely threatened, the player may spend a
Gnosis point and roll Manipulation + Subterfuge
(difficulty 8) as a reflexive action. The Lord must be
able to speak in a language his opponent can under-
stand, although he needn't express concepts more
difficult than "Are you sure you want to do that?" or
the like. The attacker may not initiate hostile
action against the Lord for one turn per success,
provided the Lord and his allies do not, in turn,
engage in hostilities against the attacker. If the
victim is herself attacked, even by someone other
than the Lord, the effects of the Gift end and she
may resume her attack. A botch with this Gift
drives the attacker into frenzy.

MET: If you are attacked in combat or threat-
ened, you may spend a Gnosis Trait and make a

 )

a

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings

Social Challenge (retest with Subterfuge). You must
speak in a language your opponent can understand,
but it need not be much more than "You're starting
something you're going to regret..." For the next
three turns, your attacker cannot initiate hostile
actions against you, provided you and your allies
don't initiate hostilities against your attacker. If
your target is attacked by anyone, the effects wear off
and he may resume his first course of action.

© Icy Chill of Despair (Level Three) — The
Shadow Lord with this Gift can appear to grow
larger and more imposing, becoming a terrible,
shadowy version of herself. This change in aspect
can severely intimidate any onlookers. A Stormcrow
teaches this Gift.

System: The werewolf concentrates for a turn;
the player spends one Gnosis and rolls Manipula-
tion + Intimidation, difficulty 7. Anyone who
means the Shadow Lord harm must make a Will-
power check, difficulty 8, and score more successes
than the Lord does in order to act normally. Fail-
ure means that the victims must spend Willpower
to attack, take action against or even verbally
oppose the Shadow Lord. This Gift doesn't give
the Lord actual control over her intimidated vic-
tims — they're simply too spooked to actively
oppose her.

MET: Spend one Gnosis Trait and make a
Social Challenge (retest with Intimidation). With
success, any who mean to do the Shadow Lord harm
must succeed in a Willpower Challenge to act
normally against her; those who fail must spend a
Willpower Trait to do anything that would oppose
her — attacking her physically, verbally sparring
with her, calling on others to rally against her.

* Raven's Wings (Level Three) — A Lord
with this gift is especially close to Raven, and may
manifest a spirit avatar in the form of a raven to spy
for him. The raven may see and hear, but may not
affect the physical world or, in turn, be affected by
attacks of any sort.

System: To activate the Gift, the Lord spends
a Gnosis point and rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty
6). The raven may be sent up to five miles away
for every success rolled, but is cancelled if it goes
beyond this range. The Lord must concentrate to
see through the raven's eyes, but need not do so to
maintain the raven's existence. Although the
raven is visible in the Penumbra, it cannot be
seen in the physical world; by default it sees its
Penumbral environment, but can peek across the

7

nee ;

|

Sees ere area nae se Arvo se rm umsewrenseeerenav

Gauntlet to the material world. The effects of the
Gift last for a scene.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental
Challenge (retest with Occult) to manifest a spirit
avatar to spy for you. The raven can see and hear,
and may travel up to five miles away from you. You
must concentrate to see through the raven's eyes.
The raven exists in the Penumbra and sees the
Penumbral environment, but may peek into the
material world. The spy lasts for one scene. This can
be difficult to simulate in MET, and the Storyteller
is within her rights to disallow it if the logistics are
too much hassle.

¢ Shadow Cutting (Level Three) — One of
the more cunning tactics of the Shadow Lords, this
Gift allows a Lord to maim or kill her opponent by
attacking the shadow he casts. This tactic makes
her attacks difficult to dodge, and can provide a
great advantage in situations where the shadow is a
larger or more accessible target than the opponent
himself. A night-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The werewolf must activate the Gift
by spitting into her opponent's shadow and spend-
ing a Gnosis point. For the remainder of the scene,
she may injure her opponent by striking his shadow.
Only fetish weapons, silver or natural weaponry
(claws and teeth) will work in conjunction with
this Gift; firearms or other mundane measures can-
not transmit damage across the spirit-link. The
victim has two fewer dice to dodge attacks aimed at
his shadow, and cannot parry such attacks at all.
The Storyteller may even give the shadow's at-
tacker extra dice in certain situations, such as dur-
ing sunset or when the victim is a few stories up, but
his shadow falls at the Garou's feet.

MET: Activate the Gift by spitting on your
opponent's shadow (please don't actually spit —
how gross!) and spending a Gnosis Trait. For the
rest of the scene, you may injure your target by
attacking his shadow. Only silver, teeth, claws and
fetish-weapons will affect the target; firearms and
mundane weapons like swords have no effect. Your
target cannot parry attacks to his shadow and suffers
a two-Trait penalty to dodges. The Storyteller may
adjudicate other benefits or penalties, such as fight-
ing during sunset or early morning when shadows
are long or attempting the attack near noon. This
Gift need not be performed outside — any shadow
cast by any light will do.

¢ Call the Storm (Level Four) — As the
Wendigo Gift: Invoke the Spirits of the Storm, save
that only thunderstorms may be called and an ava-
tar of Grandfather Thunder teaches it.

MET: As the Wendigo Gift, Invoke the Spirits of
the Storm (see Laws of the Wild). Only thunder-
storms may be called.

* Seeds of Doubt (Level Four) — Talented
tricksters, Shadow Lords with this Gift may con-
vince a listener of one false idea, no matter how
absurd. The Gift only works if the lie told is not
obviously harmful to the listener. It is taught by a
Raven-spirit.

System: The Lord spends a point of Gnosis
and makes an opposed Charisma + Subterfuge roll
(difficulty 8) against the listener's Wits + Subter-
fuge (difficulty 8). If the Lord succeeds, the lis-
tener will believe the lie until somehow
"deprogrammed." If he fails, however, the listener
sees through the Lord's argument and recognizes
the lie for what it is. If the Lord botches, the
listener goes into frenzy (unless normally inca-
pable of such, like a human).

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Static
Social Challenge (difficulty is the target's Wits-
related Mental Traits and Subterfuge Ability). With
success, the target believes one lie the Shadow Lord
tells him, provided it is not directly harmful to the
listener. Acceptable lies would be: "You've already
seen my passport," "It was a Mokolé that killed your
mother," "Mike is smart and funny." Unacceptable
lies would be: "It won't hurt to stick your head in the
oven," "These mushrooms aren't poisonous." The
target will believe the lie until he is somehow
convinced otherwise (direct evidence or even psy-
chological deprogramming).

© Wounding Lies (Level Five) — For all their
ability to prevaricate or misdirect when the need is
there, few Shadow Lords — particularly elders —
like being lied to. This Gift is the ultimate expres-
sion of that conceit; it forces those whom the Lord
is interrogating to speak the truth or suffer the
consequences. A person that lies to the elder
suffers great wounds that mystically appear across
his body with each untruth. A pain-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty of target's Will-
power). If he succeeds, the power takes effect; for

68 Shadow Lords

hh _—~

ier 2/2


the rest of the scene, each fib the subject tells
inflicts one level of aggravated damage on the
subject, which cannot be soaked. Even half-truths
open small, stinging wounds (no actual damage, but
painful and obvious). A Garou targeted by this Gift
may overcome the effect by spending a number of
Gnosis points equal to the interrogator's successes.
Most others usually begin telling the truth after the
first wound or two (the Storyteller may call for a
Willpower check, difficulty 8, to keep silent). Some
Shadow Lords heighten the effect by claiming that
silence will wound the target just as surely as lies
will—an untruth on the Lord's behalf, but one that
gets results.

MET: Spend a Gnosis and make a Static So-
cial Challenge against a difficulty of the target's
Willpower (retest with Intimidation). With suc-
cess, your target's lies rebound on him — for the
rest of the scene, each lie he tells inflicts a level of
aggravated damage. Half-truths open small wounds
but do not inflict levels of damage. The Storyteller
may require the target to succeed a Willpower
Challenge to keep silent in the face of such treat-
ment. A Garou targeted by the Gift may overcome
this effect by spending five Gnosis. Omissions
(such as giving a description about someone's car
by giving the color and model but not the make)
are not detected.

Boinger of Lilt life

These Gifts are poorly understood, and are not
known to most Shadow Lords. Indeed, few high-
ranking Theurges outside the Lords, and not many
even within the tribe, even know of their existence.
Hence, a Lightbringer must speak with another of
this camp before he learns of these Gifts. Only then
can he seek them out and discover their secrets.

¢ Purify Scent (Level One) — Masters of
stealth, the Bringers of Light use this gift to mask
their true identity from other Garou. Its effects
apply to other supernaturals as well, but they are
typically not interested in learning the information
masked by the Gift. It is taught by a night-spirit.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis
and rolls Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty
7). Each success raises the difficulty of discover-
ing the Garou's breed, tribe, or auspice (by any
means, natural or supernatural) by one, to a
maximum of +3.

SS

MET: Spend a Gnosis and make a Mental
Challenge (retest with Primal-Urge). Success means
the next attempt to learn your breed, tribe or
auspice fails. Once the attempt fails, the Gift's
effects end.

¢ Pure Identity (Level Two) — As Purify
Scent allows the Lightbringer to mask his tribe,
breed, and auspice, so this Gift allows her to mask
her race. She may appear as a vampire or a change-
ling, or even as a hunter or a normal human. In
shifted form, she may appear as a Black Spiral
Dancer, and perhaps even as a fomor of some sort.
This Gift is taught by a chameleon-spirit.

System: The Lightbringer spends three Gnosis,
and remains masked for one full day. If scrutinized
carefully, the Garou must make an opposed Ma-
nipulation + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 8) against
the opponent's Perception + Subterfuge roll (diffi-
culty 8) to maintain the deception.

MET: Spend three Gnosis to activate this Gift.
If you fall under intense scrutiny make a Static
Social Challenge (difficulty is the investigator's
Wits-related Mental Traits and Subterfuge Ability).
Failure reveals the imperfections in your disguise.

© Wyrm Taint (Level Three) — This exceed-
ingly rare Gift can only be learned from Grandfa-
ther Thunder himself, and he is generally quite
reluctant to teach it, given the possible side effects.
In essence, the Gift allows the Lightbringer to call
abit of the Wyrm into himself, so that he might pass
even the closest scrutiny deep within a Black Spiral
Dancer hive. Excessive use of the Gift risks corrupt-
ing the user, such that only the bravest of
Lightbringers even dare to learn it.

System: The Shadow Lord spends a Gnosis
point and rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty
8). If successful, she appears for all intents and
purposes to be Wyrm-tainted, and will appear as
such to any Gifts or fetishes that detect such taint.
If she fails, she may try again until successful (at
the cost of one Gnosis per attempt). The effects
last until the user chooses to dismiss them, which
requires another Manipulation + Occult roll (dif-
ficulty 6). Failing this second roll indicates that a
bit of taint remains, decreasing the difficulty of the
activation roll for the Gift by one and increasing
the difficulty to dismiss the taint by one. In addi-
tion, the number of successes needed to fall into

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 69

Ca

mane

enema

Seren eer rue area are se Arvo a rm umsewrenseeerensv

the Thrall of the Wyrm on a frenzy check is
reduced by one.

If the Garou maintains this Gift for more than
a day, the difficulties to activate or dismiss the Gift
shift as described above, as though the Garou
failed her check to dismiss the Gift. The difficul-
ties continue to change until the Gift is success-
fully dismissed and a Rite of Cleansing is per-
formed on the Garou. If the difficulty to dismiss
the Gift ever rises above 10, the Wyrm-taint is
permanent and may not be dismissed by a Rite of
Cleansing, or by other means short of a trip to
Erebus. In this case, the Garou is in serious danger
of falling to the Wyrm.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a So-
cial Challenge (retest with Occult). With suc-
cess, you appear to be Wyrm-tainted, and Gifts
and fetishes that detect such will name you to be
tainted. You may continue to attempt activating
the Gift until you succeed, with each attempt
costing one Gnosis. To dismiss the effect, you
must make a second Social Challenge (retest
with Occult). Failing this means testing again, at
the cost of one Gnosis Trait per attempt. Failure
to dismiss the effect successfully on the first at-
tempt results in a bit of taint left behind. The
taint left behind means only one lost Simple Test
is enough for you to fall into Thrall of the Wyrm
during your next frenzy check. If you maintain
the Gift for more than a day, you begin to suffer
penalties to your challenges to dismiss the Gift,
gaining a one-Trait penalty per day after the first
that you maintain the Gift. The threat of falling
to the Thrall of the Wyrm will continue to follow
you until you have successfully dismissed the Gift
and undergone a Rite of Cleansing. If you allow the
Gift's effects to remain until you have a five-
Trait penalty or higher, the Wyrm-taint is perma-
nent and it will take a trip to Erebus to fix you. If
you haven't already gone the way of the Wyrm,
you're well on your way.

¢ Purity of Blood (Level Five) — The
Lightbringer's ability to resist the Wyrm is such that
he may overcome the blood bond of vampires. This
Gift is taught by an avatar of Grandfather Thunder,
and has been responsible for the downfall of many
a nest of vampires.

System: After spending 10 minutes in deep
meditation, the Lightbringer spends two points of
Gnosis and makes an Intelligence + Meditation roll

7

lh _—

(difficulty 8). Success indicates that the Garou may
spend a Willpower point at any time during the
following 24 hours to break the blood bond of a
vampire, making the infiltration of vampire nests a
trivial exercise. The Garou need only glance at the
affected blood thrall; physical contact is not needed.
The Gift works as well on Sabbat Vaulderie as it
does on normal vampiric blood bonds.

MET: Spend 10 minutes in meditation, fol-
lowed by spending two Gnosis Traits and making a
Static Mental Challenge against eight Traits (re-
test with Meditation). With success, the Garou
need only spend a Willpower Trait during the next
24 hours to break a vampiric blood bond. The target
only needs to be within line of sight, and requires no

physical contact. This Gift will also work on the
Sabbat Vaulderie.

These highly specialized Gifts are taught by
members of Bat's brood, and may only be learned
with permission from Bat himself. If a Lord actually
joins this camp, this permission is implicit.

¢ Ears of the Bat (Level One) — As per the
Black Spiral Dancer Gift, save that it is taught by an
uncorrupted bat-spirit, and that the Shadow Lord's
ears do not actually change form.

MET: This allows a Garou to act in complete
darkness without penalty, as he uses sonar like a bat.
It requires no special expenditures. A means of
generating ultrasonic or extremely high-pitched
sounds can confuse the Garou, negating the Gift.

¢ Patagia (Level Two) — As per the Black
Spiral Dancer Gift. This Gift is taught by a bat-
spirit, but it may also be learned from a flying
squirrel-spirit.

MET: This Gift allows the Garou to produce
large flaps of skin under her arms like a flying
squirrel. The Garou may only glide, not fly like a
bird, and her top speed is 25 mph. Once the Gift is
taught, the membranes are always present, but they
shrink into the Garou's arms and sides when not in
use, becoming undetectable. To glide, the Garou
stretches her arms and leaps from a height.

© Song of the Earth Mother (Level Two) — A
more powerful version of Sense Wyrm, this gift
allows the user to sense the presence of Wyrm
activity within a broad area. Essentially, the Garou
communes with the earth and listens to what it says.
The Gift is taught by an earth-spirit.

Shadow Lords

ier 2/2

|


NN ee

System: The user spends 10 minutes commun-
ing with the earth, during which time she may take
no other actions. She then spends three Gnosis and
rolls Perception + Occult (difficulty 7). Success
indicates that the earth tells her about any super-
natural presence within an area of 100 meters per
success. As with Sense Wyrm, this Gift does not
offer specific information about the being or beings
detected. It does, however, indicate whether or not
the presence is Wyrm-tainted.

MET: Spend 10 minutes communing with the
earth; no other actions may be taken, not even
speech except to ask questions of the Narrator.
After the communing, spend three Gnosis and make
a Mental Challenge (retest with Occult). Success
indicates the presence of supernatural creatures up
to 100 yards away. While the Gift will tell if the
presence is Wyrm-tainted, it will not give more
specific information.

¢ A Thousand Eyes (Level Three) — The
Child of Bat melds his consciousness with that of a
swarm of bats, and may see and hear all that they see
and hear for the duration of the night. Using this
Gift requires a swarm of at least a thousand bats
(easily found in most temperate or tropical areas). It
is taught by a bat-spirit.

System: The Garou spends three Gnosis and
rolls Perception + Primal Urge (difficulty 8). Suc-
cess indicates she slips into a deep meditative trance,
and can see through the bats' eyes and hear through
their ears for one full night. With one success, she
cannot control the bats' movements; they go where
they will, and she sees and hears what they happen
to see and hear (generally lots of insects). With
three or more successes, however, the Garou can
subtly direct the movements of the swarm such that
they are guided to a general area of interest to the
Garou. She still cannot control individual bats, but
they will show mild interest in whatever area it is
that the Garou wants them to see.

MET: Spend three Gnosis Traits and make a
Mental Challenge (retest with Primal-Urge). With
success, you slip into a trance and can see and hear
through the senses of a swarm of bats for one night.
You have no control over the bats, seeing and
hearing only what they are interested in. By spend-
ing three additional Mental Traits, you can subtly
direct where the bats go. You have no power over
individual bats, and you need a swarm of at least
1000 bats in order to use the Gift.

|

ibtten of Cron Cif

¢ Perceptive Servant (Level One) — Ever
the loyal betas, Children of Crow make a career of
fading into the background whenever anything
important comes up — and then using the infor-
mation thus learned to destroy anyone they care
to. This Gift is taught by a Crow-spirit.

System: When eavesdropping on a conversa-
tion, noticing details of various sorts, or engaging
in any other sort of information-gathering activ-

ity relying pri-

marily on

sight orsound

(evenscanninga

nearby building with binoculars),

a Child of Crow may spend a Gnosis

point to reduce the difficulty of gleaning informa-
tion from such activities by 2.

MET: Engage in some nefarious activity of
gathering information using sight or hearing.
While doing so, spend a Gnosis Trait. For the rest
of your gathering time, you gain a two-Trait bonus
for any challenges necessary for gathering infor-
mation. You may not use this bonus to augment
Gifts such as Whisper Gathering.

© Hidden Secrets (Level Two) — Children
of Crow are terribly fond of blackmail, and this
Gift does a lot to help their natural tendencies
along. The Corax know this Gift as Dark Truths;
the Shadow Lords learned the Gift from the raven-
folk, and improved on it a bit. The Gift is taught
by a fly-spirit.

System: To use this Gift, the character rolls
Perception + Manipulation (difficulty 7). Success
indicates the Garou learns one of the target's
deepest and most embarrassing secrets. These se-
crets are of no use in combat, but make excellent
blackmail material. Of course, not everyone has
secrets of equal value.

MET: Make a Static Mental Challenge against
seven Traits (retest with Subterfuge). With suc-
cess, your target must reveal one of his most
embarrassing secrets (e.g., she got a risqué tattoo
when drunk, he sleeps with a teddy bear). The
secret has no combat value, but the blackmail
potential is great.

© Dark Aerie (Level Three) — As per the
Uktena Gift Spirit of the Bird. The Child of Crow
is enveloped in shadows while using this Gift,

|

making her easier to spot during the day but harder
to spot at night. It is taught by a crow-spirit.

MET: As the Uktena Gift: Spirit of the Bird (see
Laws of the Wild). The user is shrouded in shadow
while using the Gift, making her nearly invisible at
night but easier to spot during the day.

Sulyat of Doom Ciffe

¢ Interrogator (Level One) —This Gift is used
to terrify victims into confessing their crimes. It
may be used only infrequently, but it is nonetheless
a potent edge when used at moots and other gather-
ings of high-ranking Garou. The Gift is taught by a
fear-spirit.

System: The player spends a Willpower point
and rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge or Investiga-
tion (difficulty 8) versus an opposed Willpower
roll (difficulty 8). If the Judge succeeds, the de-
fender is paralyzed with fear and must confess the
gravest crime she has committed in the last lunar
cycle. The Gift may only be used once per target
per lunar month.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a
Static Social Challenge against a difficulty of the
target's Willpower (retest with Subterfuge or Inves-
tigation). With success, the target must confess the
gravest crime she has committed in the last lunar
cycle out of terror of the Judge. She will not confess
to things she has not done, and sometimes the
gravest crime committed was sneaking from the
cookie jar. Interrogator may only be used once per
target per lunar month.

© Executioner's Privilege (Level Two) — As
the Get of Fenris Gift: Halt the Coward's Flight.

MET: As the Get of Fenris' Gift: Halt the
Coward's Flight; see Laws of the Wild.

¢ True Fear (Level Two) — As the Ahroun
Gift.

MET: As the Ahroun Gift; see Laws of the
Wild.

¢ Assassin's Strike (Level Four) — Like the
Ratkin and the Nagah before them, the Judges of
Doom have learned to quickly skip into and out of
the Umbra so that they may surprise their prey.
When using this Gift, the Judge disappears for a
moment and reappears behind his victim, where-
upon he may attack his victim with complete sur-
prise. This Gift is taught by a cobra-spirit.

SS ee

System: The character spends one Gnosis and
one Rage, then uses the Umbra to "skip" up to 50
feet and reappear in the physical world directly
behind his target. The Judge may then attack his
victim at -2 difficulty (minimum 4). This attack
may not be dodged unless the victim has bolstered
his senses with supernatural aid.

MET: Spend one Gnosis and one Rage (this is
one of the few times when you can), then step
sideways. You may "skip" up to 50 feet to your target
and reappear directly behind him. Your next attack
will gain a two-Trait bonus. Unless your victim has
supernaturally sharpened senses, he will not be
aware of your presence until you attack.

Find the Transgressor (Level Five) — With
this potent Gift, the Judge calls upon the might of
Gaia Herself to determine the exact location of any
one named individual that has violated the Litany
in some fashion. Use of this Gift is never a trivial
undertaking, and those that abuse its power usually
suffer dire consequences. An avatar of Gaia Herself
teaches this Gift.

System: The user spends two Gnosis and two
Willpower, then invokes the will of Gaia to help
him find a Garou who has violated the Litany in a
particularly foul fashion. If Gaia would agree with
the Judge's assessment of the situation (which is
left entirely to the Storyteller's judgment), he
learns the exact location of his quarry. No method
of obfuscation, be it supernatural or mundane, can
keep the target hidden. The Gift does nothing to
help the Judge reach the target, and it does not
work on Wyrm-creatures (who are shrouded by
their patron).

If Gaia disagrees with the Judge's opinion, or if
the transgressor has violated the Litany in only a
trivial sense, the Judge instead suffers one aggra-
vated level of damage per Rank of the targeted
Garou.

MET: Spend two Gnosis and two Willpower
Traits, then invoke the will of Gaia to help you find
the violator of the Litany. If Gaia agrees with the
decision (and that's at the Storyteller's discretion),
you learn the exact location of the target. Nothing
can keep the target hidden, whether it's supernatu-
ral or mundane. You still have to physically hunt
down your quarry; this won't bring you together.
This Gift has no effect on Wyrm-creatures (the

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 73

Nel

mene

|

5 eens ere arena APU se Arvo a rumen arena)

Wyrm takes care of them). Should the violation be
a trivial one, or if Gaia disagrees with the Judge,
the Judge suffers one level of aggravated damage
per Rank of the targeted one. Obviously, Judges
tend to be very sure of themselves before they
target high-ranking Garou.

Lord of the Summ life

¢ Interrogator (Level One) — As the Level
One Judges of Doom Gift.

MET: See the Judges of Doom Gift, above.

¢ Paranoia (Level One) — Lords of the Sum-
mit don't remain such for long unless they can see
their enemies coming. This Gift gives the Lord a
heightened sense of awareness, and also reveals a
few details about the enemies he's about to face. A
Stormcrow teaches this Gift.

System: The Lord rolls Perception + Aware-
ness (Difficulty 7). A single success is all that's
needed to determine the number of opponents in
the area. Two reveals the type(s) of opponents,
while three or more reveal progressively more
detailed information. The effects of the Gift last
for a scene.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with
Awareness). Success reveals the number of oppo-
nents in the area. By spending further Mental
Traits, you may learn more about your enemies
(such as what kind they are, if they bring weapons,
and so on).

¢ True Fear (Level Two) — As the Ahroun
Gift.

MET: As the Ahroun Gift; see Laws of the
Wild.

¢ Roll Over (Level Four) — As the Philodox
Gift.

MET: As the Philodox Gift; see Laws of the
Wild.

iat

Intensely social, Shadow Lords focus on rites
even more than do most other Garou tribes. It seems
they have arite ora ritual for nearly everything they
do, at least in the older septs. Many of the newer
ones, particularly those in the New World, are less
concerned with rites and traditions than their el-
ders back home are.

Shadow Lords are obsessed with keeping their
rites secret, more out of principle than any real

74
Lh — _—

pragmatism. The rites given below tend to be mostly
useless for Garou not of the tribe, but the Lords
don't much care; these are secrets of great import,
and they will kill anyone who shares those secrets,
no matter the circumstances.

Corn Ret
Normr Fhe

Level Two

Developed by the Lords of the Summit, this rite
is one of the many ways Shadow Lords keep their
activities a secret. A Lord needs to know the Mur-
mur Rite if he plans on leading a Shadow Moot,
since it is used to open the moot and keep the
discussions therein private. Though normally used
to mask the conversations of many werewolves, this
rite can be performed with as few as two Garou.

System: Each of the Garou taking part inthe
rite contributes one Gnosis at the ritemaster's
prompting. Once the Gnosis is collected, the con-
versations of all of the rite's participants are masked
for the duration of the scene. Any Gifts, technol-
ogy, or supernatural abilities that allow an indi-
vidual to eavesdrop on private discussions auto-
matically fail. If the eavesdropper botches what-
ever roll she was using to try to listen in, she
actually gains some piece of misinformation that
serves to mask further the activities of the rite's
participants.

MET: The participating Garou each contribute
one Gnosis at the ritemaster's direction. Once the
Gnosis is collected, the ritual masks any conversa-
tions the participants have. No Gifts, technology or
supernatural abilities can pierce this, and they fail
if attempted. At Storyteller discretion, the nosy
Garou trying to eavesdrop might gain a piece of
misinformation.

Thunders Blaiog

Level Three

This rite is used to draw Grandfather Thunder's
favor upon a particular caern, investing it with a
portion of his great power. In addition to bolstering
the Gnosis of Shadow Lords who visit the caern, the
rite also allows those affiliated with the caern to call
down bolts of lightning upon their enemies, so long
as they are within the confines of the caern.

System: Performed during a raging storm, this
rite requires an extended roll of Charisma + Rituals
(difficulty 8). The ritemaster must accumulate 10

Shadow Lords

ier ¢/

|


successes to successfully complete the rite, and may
attempt this roll only once per 15 minutes (though
for every three Garou beyond the minimum re-
quired to complete the rite, the difficulty is reduced
by one). If the rite is not completed in one hour, it
fails, and the thunderclouds above send down bolts
of lightning to punish the offending Garou (inflict-
ing five levels of aggravated damage). If the rite is
successful, however, the Garou performing the rite
must give up 25 points of temporary Gnosis. Once
they do so, a bit of Grandfather Thunder lingers
around the caern, granting an additional point of
Gnosis to all Shadow Lords so long as they remain
within the caern's boundaries.

MET: This rite must be performed during a
raging storm. The ritemaster must make a Static
Social Challenge against eight Traits (retest with
Rituals), but every three Garou beyond those neces-
sary to assist the rite will lower the difficulty by one.
The ritemaster must make three successful chal-
lenges for the rite to succeed; failure means an
irritated Grandfather Thunder punishes the Garou
with lightning bolts (these inflict five levels of
aggravated damage). With success, though, the
Garou give up 25 temporary Gnosis to the caern and
Grandfather. Once this is done, a bit of Grandfa-
ther remains around the caern, granting one addi-
tional Gnosis to all Shadow Lords as long as they are
within the caern's boundaries.

Myshe Ropar

Compirwton wtth fhe Store

Level Two

It is easy to lose oneself in the intricacies of
Garou society, and to forget that the ultimate goal
of all the politicking of the Shadow Lords is the
defeat of the Wyrm and the restoration of Gaia to
her normal state. Many Shadow Lords thus turn to
this rite to remind themselves of why they're fight-
ing, and of what it is that they're supposed to be
fighting for. In the process, they focus their Rage
and their ambition so that they may more effec-
tively accomplish their tasks.

This rite is always performed in the midst of a
heavy thunderstorm, but that is its only constant. It
may be performed singly or in groups, at any time of
day or night, and in any part of the world. So long
as Grandfather Thunder's touch is present, that is
all that matters.

Sesame ee amrwesere eee ee

System: Standard roll. While this rite is in
effect, all Enigmas rolls have difficulties three lower
than normal (minimum 4). In addition, the
ritemaster may bring any single problem (usually
nominated beforehand) to the attention of Grand-
father Thunder in an attempt to seek his counsel. If
he is invoked with a successful Wits + Enigmas roll
(difficulty 8), Grandfather Thunder presents them
with an appropriate course of action and girds their
resolve with either a point of Rage or a point of
Gnosis, depending on the nature of the problem.

MET: Make a standard rites challenge. While
the rite is occurring, Enigmas challenges receive a
single free retest (the second result stands, regard-
less of whether it improves the original results).
The ritemaster may also attempt to bring a single
matter before Grandfather Thunder (after a suc-
cessful invocation and a Static Mental Challenge
against eight Traits, retest with Enigmas). If suc-
cessfully invoked, Grandfather Thunder presents
them with a course of action and bolsters their
resolve by granting either a Rage Trait or a Gnosis
Trait to all participants.

Rs of the Porrlaane

Level Five

Used almost exclusively by the Shadow Lords of
Mexico, this rite is a more potent version of the
punishment rite Calling the Storm. Whereas that
tite is used to rebel against a corrupt or unjust
leader, this rite is designed to focus the fury of the
Garou into a powerful storm, which may then be
used to shatter the grip of the Wyrm upon the land.
It is used to destroy nests of vampires, to sweep oil
refineries out to sea, and to attack other artificial
structures throughout the storm's area. Most Garou
frown on using this rite in all but the direst emer-
gencies, for it is quite destructive to the land it
scours clean. The counter-argument is that Gaia is
resilient, and it is better to let Her heal Her wounds
than suffer in the coils of the Wyrm. Even so, the
questions raised by the rite ensure that the Rite of
the Hurricane remains a last resort, to be used only
when the need is dire.

System: This rite may only be performed in a
tropical area, and even then only during the storm
season. If these conditions are met, a single day is
enough to call up a storm cell in the general region.
Manifesting hurricane-force winds fora single scene

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 75

NS

rs

|

Sennen eran ere ea NAPE AF-S a ramen senrensv

is easily done, but maintaining the storm is another
matter. Doing so requires the expenditure of three
points of Gnosis per day, which may be paid by any
number of willing participants. Once the cost is not
paid, the storm dissipates normally.

MET: Provided the conditions are right, a single
day of working the ritual calls up a storm cell in the
region. Three Gnosis per day are required to main-
tain the storm; anyone may pay this cost. The storm
dissipates when it is no longer supported with Gnosis.
Additional thunderstorms may spawn naturally from
hurricanes at the Storyteller's discretion. The
ritemaster has no control over these.

be of Piawkl ment
Cbng foe Siorm

Level Three

Given the rigors of Shadow Lord society and
emphasis on goals, it is inevitable that some become
corrupt and put their own selfish desires over the
good of the tribe. This rite was developed to counter
fallen Lords with Shadow Lord justice. When a
leader within the tribe has fallen to the Wyrm, the
Garou ruled by him may use an outside agent to
announce his transgressions to the tribe at large. If
the accusations are true, the Garou may enact this
rite. Stormclouds gather above the moot, and the
Garou invoking the rite gain the strength they need
to destroy the one who has turned his back on Gaia.

System: If the charges leveled against the cor-
rupt Garou are true, the storm that gathers above
the moot empowers those who conspire against
him. They gain two points of Rage, and if they are
Shadow Lords they also gain a point of Gnosis. In
addition, Primal-Urge rolls are made at a difficulty
two lower than normal. If the charges are untrue,
however, the gathering storm punishes the offend-
ers, striking them with lightning that deals five
health levels of aggravated damage.

MET: If the charges are true, the storm empow-
ers those who array against the corrupt one, and
they gain two Rage Traits. If any are Shadow Lords,
they also gain a Gnosis Trait. All against the cor-
rupt one gain two temporary levels of Primal-Urge,
which can be used normally for retests. Grandfather
Thunder does not punish without cause, though. If
the charges are false, the storm punishes the accus-
ers by striking them with lightning that inflicts five
levels of aggravated damage. Any bonuses granted
dissipate when the target has been dealt with.

7

hh —_—

Ret of Revonn

Rites of Renown are extremely important to
the Shadow Lords, perhaps moreso than any other
aspect of Garou life. Lord society is often regi-
mented and intensely hierarchical, and any time a
Garou shifts position in that society he or she must
undergo a rite to do so. Most such rites are minor
variations of the standard Rites of Renown, having
a myriad of different social functions but being
otherwise identical. The Lords have a number of
unique rites, however, and these are described
below.

Rte of Domsoance

Level Two

No matter how true they remain to the ideals of
Gaia, Shadow Lords still live in a society where
dominance over others is the rule instead of the
exception. A Lord uses this rite when she has ousted
a corrupt leader, or when she has dominated those
beneath her and forced them to submit to her will.
By coercing them into taking part in this rite, she
ensures that their loyalty to her is strong and that
they will be loath to work against her in the future.

System: During the course of this rite, all par-
ticipating Garou except the ritemaster lose one
permanent Willpower, which are given to the to-
tem of the pack for safekeeping. So long as the pack
members remain obedient to the ritemaster (who
must be the pack's alpha), they may use the lost
Willpower normally. Should they ever act against
her, however, they will lose the Willpower perma-
nently. The effects of this rite can be undone using
a variety of punishment rites, presupposing the
ritemaster has acted inappropriately or abused her
position as pack alpha.

MET: During the rite, all participants except
the ritemaster lose one permanent Willpower, which
goes to the pack totem. Should the pack members
act against the ritemaster (who must be the pack
alpha), they will lose the Willpower. If they remain
loyal to her, they may use the Willpower normally.
Punishment rites can undo this, particularly if the
pack alpha has abused her position.

Pe of Conguutt
Level Five
More celebratory than it might seem from the

name, the Rite of Conquest is performed to wel-
come back a Bringer of Light who has successfully

Shadow Lords

ier ¢/ 1

|


endured an extended stay in the presence of the
Wyrm (and emerged unscathed, both physically
and spiritually). It is similar in many respects to a
Rite of Cleansing, but it is far more powerful. Re-
cipients of this rite are true paragons among the
Garou, and even Garou of other tribes bow down
before them in respect, as they have accomplished
things few others would even dare to attempt. This
rite may only be performed by one who has himself
received the rite, and it is only performed under a
sky filled with storm clouds, under Grandfather
Thunder's watchful gaze.

System: To receive this rite, a Shadow Lord —
typically a Bringer of Light — must endure the
horrors of the Wyrm for a period of no less than six
months. He must interact with fomori, Banes, or
corrupted Garou during this period, and he must
successfully resist their influence without falling to
the Wyrm, or even being tainted by its presence. If
the Garou survives such an ordeal, he may receive
this rite and be recognized as one of the strongest of
Gaia's warriors. Truly, he has conquered the Wyrm.

The Garou performing this rite, who must be a
Theurge, expends a number of Gnosis points equal
to the recipient Garou's rank. The recipient pours
forth all of his Gnosis points, giving them up to the
storms above him. Once this is done, the ritemaster
makes a Charisma + Rituals roll (difficulty 10 - the
target Garou's Rank) and draws the power of Gaia
into the recipient's body. On receiving the rite, the
recipient gains one of several possible benefits
(player's choice). Possible benefits are as follows:

The recipient becomes highly resistant to the
thrall of the Wyrm. He must roll eight or more
successes on a Rage roll to enter a frenzy, and 10 or
more successes to enter the Thrall of the Wyrm.
Further, the character may spend a Willpower point
to halt the frenzy normally, even if he would nor-
mally fall into the Thrall of the Wyrm.

¢ The Lightbringer becomes highly resistant to
Wyrm toxins. He receives no penalty from super-
natural radiation, balefire, Wyrm elementals, and
the like (although he does still suffer damage from
such attacks). He is likewise immune to Bane pos-
session.

¢ The character is immune to Harano.

¢ The character's sanity is absolute. He be-
comes immune to any and all circumstances that

CC aaa

a

might inflict him with temporary or permanent
insanity, and will maintain his sanity even if forced
to dance the Black Spiral (although he is not pro-
tected from any other aspect of this gruesome ritual).

MET: Only a Theurge who has received this
rite himself may perform this ritual. The character
must first endure six months of close contact with
the Wyrm, interacting with fomori, Banes and Black
Spirals and other Wyrm-corrupted shifters, and
resisting taint and temptation. If he is still strong at
the end of six months, he may receive this ritual.
Under a stormy sky, the Theurge expends a number
of Gnosis Traits equal to the recipient's rank. The
recipient then offers up all his Gnosis to the storms.
With the offering made, the Theurge makes a Static
Social Challenge with the difficulty being 10 minus
the target's Rank (retest with Rituals). With suc-
cess, the recipient receives the power of Gaia into
himself and receives one of several possible benefits
(player's choice, Storyteller's approval). Below are
just a few possibilities:

The character enjoys a high resistance to Wyrm
toxins, such as supernatural radiation, Wyrm
elementals, balefire and similar substances. He will
suffer damage from them, but not take penalties due
to simple exposure. He cannot be possessed by
Banes.

The character becomes immune to Harano.

The character's sanity becomes ironclad. Cir-
cumstances that might inflict derangements (tem-
porary or permanent) will not affect him, and he
can maintain sanity even if forced to dance the
Spiral (this is not necessarily a mercy when one
considers the other aspects of the ritual).

Wed

Most Shadow Lords refuse to follow totems they
do not respect; it takes a very open-minded Lord to
agree to follow a totem like Unicorn (whose pen-
chant of favoring mercy to pragmatism is well-
known) or Stag (it is considered galling to bow toa
prey animal). Grandfather Thunder is the patron of
most Shadow Lord packs, but a few others are
notable for earning favor among the Lords. Of the
following, Crow and Typhon are considered mem-
bers of Grandfather Thunder's spirit brood; Bat is
an outsider, but is closer to the Shadow Lords than
to any other tribe.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 77

nena

|

Background Cost: 2
Followers of Crow are, first and foremost, survi-
vors. This does not mean they are selfish or uncon-
cerned with the affairs of others, however. Quite
the contrary — Crow's followers take a keen inter-
est in the world around them, and many of them are
the humblest and most self-effacing Shadow Lords
in existence. Crows make poor warriors, but they
are intensely observant and quite loyal. They do not
take betrayal lightly, however, and will go to re-
markable lengths to gain revenge in whatever fash-
ion they see fit.

Traits: Packs of Crow gain two points in Alert-
ness and Subterfuge and one point in Etiquette.

Ban: Crow asks that his children remain loyal
to those they serve. He does not expect this from
children whose leaders treat them poorly, however,
or whose leaders are corrupt. In these instances,
Crow asks his children to find a way to remove those

leaders from power, and to replace them with others
who are worthy of his children's respect. If this is
not possible, Crow never punishes loyalty.

MET: Crow's children gain two levels of Sub-
terfuge, a level of Etiquette and the Mental Traits
Alert x 2.

Cypher

Background Cost: 5

Typhon is a raging storm-spirit, the dragon that
spits thunder and lightning. He is one of the more
violent aspects of Grandfather Thunder, and his
children reflect his tendency toward violence. They
are aggressive and furious, just like their totem.
Most Garou look on Typhon as a mixed blessing; he
grants prodigious ability in battle, but he also makes
his children thoughtless and temperamental.

Traits: Packs dedicated to Typhon may share
three additional points of Brawl. Each pack member
also receives three temporary Rage points per story.
Typhon's children gain two temporary Glory but
lose two temporary Wisdom.

Ban: Typhon demands that his children never
pass up a fight with a worthy foe. He also expects his
children to spend time communing with storms.

MET: Typhon's children gain three levels of
Brawl to share. Each pack member also gains three
temporary Rage per story. They gain two temporary
Glory upon joining with Typhon but lose two tem-
porary Wisdom at the same time. Rumors that some
vampires revere Typhon occasionally reach his
children's ears, but these are generally dismissed as
the misunderstandings of the dangerously confused.

Tope of Widow
Saf

Background Cost: 5

Bat is an unusual totem, and a rare choice — as
far as most Garou know, he has fallen entirely into
the thrall of the Wyrm. Until recently, this was a
very accurate summation; the fall of the Camazotz
centuries ago destroyed Bat's sanity, and in his
hatred he turned against Gaia so that he could help
to destroy the Garou who drove his children to
extinction. Recent events in Mexico, however,
have partially redeemed Bat, or at least a portion of
him. Like the deity revered by the Mayan cultures
so long ago, Bat now appears to have a dual aspect
— in some respects he is still of the Wyrm, but in
others he has come back to Gaia. Most Garou don't
know what to make of this, and look on Bat's
followers with great suspicion. None seem to be
corrupt, but that doesn't make them innocent.

For their part, Bat's children have deep ties to
the earth unmatched by those of other Garou. They
listen to the voices of the Camazotz, and are making
a sincere effort to continue that lost Breed's work.
The voice of Gaia sings through them, and they
listen to Her voice so that they can find Her en-
emies and destroy them.

Traits: Bat's children gain three dots of Enig-
mas, and each may use the Gift: Ears of the Bat once
per day for the duration of a scene. Each pack
member's Perception increases by one permanently,
even if this would raise the rating above 5. Pack
members also gain two points of Wisdom.

Garou with this totem are well regarded by
many Fera, particularly those in Central and South
America. However, Garou look upon Bat and his
children with suspicion, meaning that all pack
members lose five points of temporary Honor (if
they have that many) and subtract one from any

SS

temporary Honor Renown awards they receive. The
pack members must work harder to prove that they
are honorable.

Ban: Bat demands that his children never fight
with Gaia's other children — including other Gaian
Garou. Even ritualized or honorable combat is for-
bidden. His followers simply need to find other ways
to resolve disputes.

MET: Bat's children gain Enigmas x 3 and may
use the Gift: Ears of the Bat once per day for one
scene. Each gains the Mental Trait: Observant and
two Wisdom. Because Garou still believe that Bat is
of the Wyrm, any who follow him lose five tempo-
rary Honor and subtract one from any Honor Re-
nown awards given them.

Fiptthet

Tokger Dagger

Level 2, Gnosis 4

These jet-black blades are used exclusively by
the Judges of Doom. They are feared weapons, and
with good reason — many a target has fallen to a
single strike from such a blade. Before they can be
useful, however, they must first be attuned to a
target. Two things are required before this may
happen. First, the target must be guilty of violating
the Litany in some fashion. The specifics are not
important, but the dagger works much more effec-
tively if the transgression is a serious one. Equally
important is the need for an item of significance to
the target or (preferably) his blood. If the target is
guilty and the item is available, the dagger may be
properly attuned.

To attune the blade, the wielder must make a
Charisma + Rituals check (difficulty 7) and invest
anumber of Gnosis points in the dagger equal to the
target's Rank. (Those without Rank are exempt
from the law of Litany, of course, although Black
Spiral Dancers may still be targeted — they are,
after all, criminals against Gaia.) This Gnosis re-
mains in the dagger until the victim is slain, and
may not be recovered until that time. Once the
dagger is attuned, however, the wielder may learn
the direction of the target relative to herself simply
by placing the dagger in a pool of water. Any pool
will do — some Judges have even used rainpuddles.
If there's room for the dagger to move, it will
unerringly point out the target's location (assuming
the victim isn't using Gifts or other supernatural
powers to mask his true location).

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 79

Ne

manny

|

Once the Judge has found the target, the second
benefit of attunement becomes apparent. Any suc-
cessful strike by the dagger inflicts a number of
levels of aggravated damage equal to the number of
Gnosis points stored within it, in addition to nor-
mal dagger damage. Only the intended target may
be damaged in this fashion — the target's allies are
not affected. Once the target has been eliminated,
the wielder's Gnosis returns to her and the dagger
may be attuned to a new target. To create a Judge's
Dagger, a spirit of vengeance or retribution must be
bound within the weapon.

MET: The dagger must be attuned to the target,
first by determining that the target is guilty of
violating the Litany and then by acquiring some-
thing personal of the target, preferably blood but
anything personally significant to the target will do.
Make a Static Social Challenge against seven Traits
(retest with Rituals) and invest the dagger with the
same amount of Gnosis as the target's Rank. Cubs
without Rank are considered exempt from the law
of the Litany, not to mention some find it rather
crass that a Judge is hunting a mere cub. In the case
of something without Rank (such as a human, a
vampire or other supernatural creature), the Story-
teller may decree that no Gnosis is necessary or
some taken expenditure is required to put weight
behind the task. No more than six Gnosis may be
added to the dagger. Any Gnosis spent remains in
the dagger until the victim is slain. The attuned
dagger may be placed in a pool of water big enough
for the dagger to turn, and it will point in the
direction of the target. The target can mask his
location by using Gifts or supernatural means. Any
successful strike using the dagger inflicts levels of
aggravated damage equal to the amount of Gnosis
stored in it, in additional to the normal lethal
damage the dagger itself inflicts. Only the attuned
target may be slain in this fashion. Once the target
is slain, the Gnosis returns and the dagger may be
attuned again.

Aah Kidde

Level 5, Gnosis 5

The weapon of choice for Theurges who need to
see a rival eliminated, these bone-colored blades
are also used to quickly and quietly destroy those
that prove to be difficult to attack directly. Sleek
and deadly, assassin's klaives are easily hidden un-
derneath clothing, and are quite innocuous if ob-
servers don't know what to look for.

ier ¢/

|

The snake-spirit within the klaive allows the
possessor to expend a point of Gnosis to activate
one of the following abilities: surround himself with
an aura of absolute silence for a scene, mask his
scent for one hour, or eradicate his footprints while
he walks for one day. The blade is not actually
silver, but inflicts the wielder's Strength in aggra-
vated damage, and the difficulty to soak wounds
from an assassin's klaive is raised by 1.

MET: The spirit in the assassin's klaive allows
the holder to do one of three things, after spending
a Gnosis Trait — mask his scent for one hour, erase
his footprints when he walks for one day or surround
himself with absolute silence for one scene. These
effects are noticeable by others and bound to cause
comment. The klaive inflicts aggravated damage
with a successful attack.

TPurwderd Bracers

Level 6, Gnosis 9

This mighty fetish is exactly what its name
implies it to be — a pair of armor plates for the
forearm which are tied to the storm, infused with a
portion of Grandfather Thunder himself. There is,
to date, only one set in existence, and the Margrave
Konietzko wears them. The bracers appear to be
made of a deeply stained metal, set with the teeth of
an unknown creature. They are a symbol of his
power, but not the source of it — the Margrave was
crushing his opponents long before he created these
bracers, and he will continue to do so should they
leave his possession.

Thunder's Bracers have many powers. They
increase the wielder's Strength by 4 points, and
the wielder may make claw attacks normally. If
the wielder uses the bracers to block an attack
made with a metal weapon, or with an unarmed
attack, the assailant automatically suffers two
levels of lethal damage due to the electrical dis-
charge generated by the armor. Additionally, the
bracers provide up to four Gnosis points to the
wielder per day, which may be used as he sees fit.
Finally, the wearer of the bracers may spend three
Gnosis points to call forth a bolt of lightning to
smite his foes. If there happen to be storm clouds
overhead, the lightning comes from them; other-
wise, it comes from the bracers themselves. In
either case, the lightning deals five levels of
aggravated damage to a single target, which may
not be soaked by any means.

NS

Sesame ee amrwesere eee ee

MET: Thunder's Bracers grant the wielder the
Physical Traits Ferocious x 4, even if they put him
over his maximums, and do not interfere with his
ability to fight with claws. If the wielder blocks an
attack made with metal weapons (even silver) or
with bare hands using the bracers, the attacker
suffers two levels of lethal damage caused by electri-
cal discharge. The bracers grant the user four Gnosis
Traits a day, which may be used normally. Lastly,
the bracers can call forth lightning against a single
target, after the wielder spends three Gnosis Traits.
If there are storm clouds overhead, the lightning
comes from them; otherwise it comes from the
bracers. This lightning inflicts five levels of aggra-
vated damage.

Talent
Lech Food

Gnosis 3

Many Garou wonder how the Shadow Lords
have managed to persist in Eastern Europe despite
the vampiric strongholds which seem to dominate
the area. While much of the reason has to do with
the guile and tenacity of the Lords themselves,
talens like this one help ensure that the Lords'
Kinfolk will survive even when surrounded by
Leeches. They survive because vampires learn not
to feed upon them. The vampires never know, after
all, one might have Leech's Blood on her person.

This vial of syrupy liquid is useless to Garou, but
quite valuable for their Kin. Any human may drink
the blood with no ill effects. Any vampire drinking
the human's blood, however, suffers one aggravated
wound for every blood point drained from the hu-
man. The talen's potency takes approximately one
minute to make itself manifest, so the vampire may
drink quite a bit of blood before she realizes she's
been poisoned. Making the talen requires a vial of
normal human blood and a fire-spirit, but is other-
wise fairly simple. Its potency lasts for one night
after being drunk.

MET: Vampires who drink from a human that
has consumed Leech's Blood suffer one level of ag-
gravated damage for every Blood Trait consumed.
These can be healed normally. Leech's Blood's ef-
fects last for one night after a human consumes it.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 81

rs

ran a rn

Sesame ere enna APU se. SPO uns resenrenav

Werits and Fin

Nenfor{Feared Mentor (2-3 pohut Mortf)

While Shadow Lords cannot take the Mentor
background, most nonetheless need to receive in-
struction of some sort before they can learn to be
effective manipulators. For two points, you gain a
mentor as described in the main Werewolf rules, but
no matter his Rank you will never receive more
than occasional instruction from him. He will never
come to your aid, nor will he ever take responsibil-
ity for your actions. You will find yourself serving
him more often than the reverse, but if you are
canny and clever you may learn more than you ever
dreamed possible. For three points, your mentor is
particularly well known and feared within your sept
(and perhaps within the tribe at large). His influ-
ence is such that you gain one additional die to all
social rolls with members of your tribe, but you also
inherit at least one enemy from your mentor's past.
In this case, as is the case with a normal mentor,
your mentor doesn't do much to come to your aid,
and can't be called a friend or ally. He is simply
terrifying enough that others fear you, regardless of
how your mentor himself feels about the subject.

MET: For two Traits, you gain a Mentor, but his
instruction is only occasional and you often end up
serving him far more than he assists you. For three
Traits, your Mentor is exceptionally feared, and
among other Shadow Lords, you gain a bonus Trait
during Social Challenges (it's the "We have power-
ful friends — you're going to regret this!" boost),
but you also gain at least one of your Feared Mentor's
enemies. Your Feared Mentor is not likely to teach
you much or come to your rescue — his mere
presence in your life ensures that most folks don't
mess with you, though.

TPowders CHE (5 potot Mark)

You are especially close to Grandfather Thun-
der, to the point where even the Theurges of your
sept look on you with envy. You gain one temporary
Gnosis point when you are exposed to a thunder-
storm, which lasts until used or until you leave the
storm, and you take one less die of damage from any
storm- or electricity-related effects (even if these
effects cannot normally be soaked). You also gain
one additional die to any Social rolls with storm-

spirits or members of Grandfather Thunder's brood
(including Stormcrows, Raven- and Crow-spirits,
totem spirits, and avatars of Grandfather Thunder
himself).

MET: If you are exposed to a thunderstorm, you
gain a bonus Gnosis Trait, which can be spent
normally. If you leave the storm or it finishes before
the Gnosis is used, the Gnosis simply goes away.
Storm- or electrical-based damage inflicts one less
level of damage than normal. You also gain a bonus
Trait when in Social Challenges with Grandfather
Thunder's brood or storm-spirits.

Conotver (2 potot Flaw)

You are a known liar, and nobody trusts you any
farther than they can throw you. Whether earned or
not, you have a reputation for deceit and treachery,
and you lose one die from all Social rolls with other
Shadow Lords.

MET: You gain the Untrustworthy Negative
Social Trait, but gain no bonus for it. You also suffer

a one-Trait penalty on any social interactions with
other Shadow Lords.

Shadow Lords are drawn to storms like fish to
water, but you can't fathom why since you are
terrified of storms. Lightning, thunder and forbid-
ding totems like Grandfather Thunder give you the
willies, and you just can't keep your cool when
exposed to such things. You lose one die from all
dice pools dealing with interaction between you
and other Shadow Lords, and two dice from all
pools when interacting with storm-spirits and mem-
bers of Grandfather Thunder's brood. Shadow Lords
tend to think you're weak and cowardly, and they're
not far wrong. Players should think long and hard
before taking this Flaw, since it will dramatically
affect their character's interactions with the en-
tirety of her tribe.

MET: You suffers a one-Trait penalty to all
challenges between you and other Shadow Lords and
a two-Trait penalty when dealing with Grandfather
Thunder's brood (Storyteller's discretion how big a
penalty you'll take if you actually encounter Grand-
father — you may just pass out altogether). This will
make for some very long and difficult times with your
tribe, so think hard before you take this Flaw.

82 Shadow Lords

lh _—_—

iy 2/,


Coble (2. polot Fin)

Maybe you're a couple of bricks shy of a load, or
maybe you just never learned how to separate truth
from fiction. Whatever the cause, you're particu-
larly susceptible to subtle lies and half-truths. You
lose three dice from all dice pools relating to guile
and subterfuge (not stealth), whether perpetrating

SS ee

your own feeble lies or attempting to penetrate
someone else's words to find the truth.

MET: You suffer a three-Trait penalty on chal-
lenges related to subterfuge, such trying to discern
if someone's lying or making your own attempts to
lie. You may never possess the Subterfuge Ability.

Chapter Three: Thunder's Blessings 83

Nu

mene

|


Knight of Swords, Divinatory Meaning: A dark-
haired, brown-eyed young man strong and domineering,
typifying skill and bravery. Someone about to rush head-
long into the life of the seeker. The card may stand for skill,

bravery, defense or war, conflict, and destruction.
— Eden Gray, The Tarot Revealed

As a general rule of thumb, the Shadow Lords are
a tribe bent on getting things done, for better or for
worse. Their goals vary tremendously from individual
to individual, of course, but most have the interests of
Gaia at heart in one way or another. One constant
among them, however, is the fact that each is taught
from her induction into the tribe that the ends justify
the means, and that a suitably noble goal can justify
nearly any sacrifice. Thus, Shadow Lords have no true
friends — those they know are either allies of conve-
nience, or simply pawns. This gives the Lords a foul
reputation throughout the Garou Nation, as no one
trusts them to keep their word and most think it likely
that any given Lord would sell out his mother for the
tight price. While this is not the case, many Lords use
it to further their own ends — everyone knows a Lord
won't do something unless there's something in it for
the Lord. But on the other hand, if you know what the
Lord wants you can trust him to act according to type.
So goes the theory, which in turn gives the Lords power
over others.

>

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen

It should come as no surprise that the truth of the
matter is much more complex than the stereotype
indicates. Most Lords will sacrifice just about anything
for the right cause. That much is true. But they are
finicky about their causes, and it is typically the cause
that is important to them — the ambition to further
one's own glory or power is not as common as others
might expect. Shadow Lords accept this fact about one
another, and are able to function as a tribe because
they recognize the fact that they are ultimately ex-
pendable in the fight against Gaia. Many Garou are
willing to sacrifice themselves for Gaia, but the Lords
are willing to sacrifice others for Gaia— sacrificing bits
of their Mother to save the whole. The Lords pre-
sented below exemplify this trait, and are archetypes
and icons that may serve to inspire the Cliaths among
us. It is easy to condemn the Lords and their ways, but
when all is said and done we have to ask ourselves one
simple question: reprehensible though they may be,
what if they're right? This is the question these worthy
Garou seek to answer.

85
manne

a an a nr rr nr ar

ae AA

Loyal Bata

Quote: Don't worry aboutit. I've taken care of everything.
Prelude: You were always the curious type, ever since
you were a pup sucking at your mother's teat. You always
wanted to know how the world around you worked, why
things were the way they were, and what everything you saw
meant in the grander scheme of things.
Your siblings didn't seem to care, and
your parents didn't, either. To
them, life was about hunting food
and raising a litter, and per-
haps chasing a crow or two
when they got a spare mo-
ment. Nothing else mattered
to them, and they didn't
understand why you
seemed to want so
much more.
When your First Change
hit, things began clicking
for you. You began to un-
derstand why you felt so
different, so much more
interested in the world
around you than the
rest of your family.
Your packmatesare
envious of the fact
that your Change
was so mundane;
they all had to
\ deal with great
trauma when
theyentered the
world of the
Garou, but for you
it was just the fi-
nal piece in a
heretofore
maddening
puzzle.

Garou
society gave you
» the opportunity to
ask many, many more
questions. There's so
much to learn, and you
won't liveforever. And
even your packmates
have to admit to feel-

ing a perverse sense
Sof satisfaction when
you manage tostump
an elder or two with

Shadow Lords

Glory Boat a
00000000 000099000 hye 1a
Q90990000 9900000000 ind 1 Oo
Aes Wounded 2 0
oon —at Male 20
E ©00000 Cried 5 0
Wisdom 99990999000 = Inapecimed

——Wifponer ae Tried Naat te
‘ @000000000 —— rarunesnaccen
if —* gogagaagag Nominations

—
one of your questions. Your innocent curiosity, however, has
uncovered some things young Garou aren't necessarily
supposed to know, and asa result you've made a few enemies
within the sept. But it's of no real concern to you— curiosity
is what drives you, and if some people can't handle that you
aren't going to lose any sleep over it.

Concept: You have no real interest in gaining or
exercising power over others, which makes you a bit of an
oddity among your tribe. You're content to remain the loyal
beta in your pack, always asking questions and seeing what
the others tend to miss. You've learned that some things are
amiss in your sept, though, and you have to wonder how
they'll affect your pack's future. It's not in your nature to
undermine the positions of others, but you'll make damn
sure that your pack won't suffer just because some elder
wants to advance his own agendas.

Roleplaying Notes: Tradition means nothing to you,
and ceremony irritates you. Question everything, both
because you want to know why and because you can get
away with asking. Your curiosity irritates your packmates,
but it has proven useful enough that they don't complain
about it — much. Stay close to your packmates, but be sure
they deserve your confidence and trust. If they don't, you
might have to rethink your place in the pack, and in the
sept at large.

Equipment: Beaten up human clothes (you tend to
gnaw on them when you're in wolfform and lost in thought),
pencil, notebook filled with trivia.


Seer nemee
JSiboerttee Ntyshle

Quote: Itis pointless to throw ourselves against the Wyrm from
without. Our only hope is to become a part of it, and to defeat it from
within.

Prelude: For as long as you can remember, the world has
felt off to you in some fashion. You could never quite put your
finger on why or how, but you always suspected there was
something else moving around beneath the skin of the world
everyone seems to take for granted. When your First Change
came upon you, you met it with something approaching relief.
Nowat last you understood why you'd always felt so different. To
your dismay, however, that surreal sense that something was out
of place still didn't go away; the poor fit between you and the
people around you was explained, but the strangeness of the
world continued to gnaw at you.

Itwas only when the others took you in that you were able
to finally understand what it was you'd been sensing all this
time. The taint of the Wyrm was on everything around you, and
you could sense it even before your First Change. The Garou
around you spoke endlessly about fighting the Wyrm, about
destroying corrupted beings and fixing the damage the Wyrm
caused, but thisisallnon-
sense toyou. The Wyrm
cannot be defeated in
direct battle. It
can only be
fought

SN Ns ee
Se Snswowfoans a

Name: Breed: Homid
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Subversive Mystic
mre A il hiifet
Phas reid? Mantel,
_eeee0
eee00
Arpeanace e000 W see00
rrr ALS Nii iffas mrrnmvmrvnamventLar!
Tints Sele tna
A Ai canpagst wnmmmmmmwnt(lort
a
Fetish e000 Aura of Confidence aad
Rites eee Persuasion _
00000 Sense Wyrm.

Rivewe

7 ae
a Rage Moab
Glory

VWicooodooe CPCCCLCoCO
ga0Q090000a9 99009990000
Honor linc

0000000000
2999999004 °°°
gogg9990u0

Wisdom
Nibpenir ae

e@ee0000000
99999999494 eee0000000
gagg99guu40

tea

from within, and that means you need to enter its midst before
you can effect any lasting change.

\ orletensiieteiieeraiee

0000

a

Your packmates think you're crazy. Hell, your whole sept
thinks you're crazy. But you're recently learned that you're not
alone in your opinions. There are other Garou, other
Shadow Lords, who think as you do. Crazy or not, the time
is coming soon when you'll have to make a decision
about how to proceed.

Concept: You have no interest in manipu-
lating the affairs of the Garou Nation. You're set
on descending into the depths of Malfeas and
seeing what comes out the other side, and noth-
ing and no one is going to stop you. The things
you're contemplating scare you a lot, butas far as you can tell
there's just no other way to fix the terrible things that are
wrong with the world. You have no wish to drag your
packmates along with you, however, since this is a

quest best undertaken on one's own. So you bide your
time, waiting for the opportunity you need to split
from your pack and embark on your quest.

Roleplaying Notes: You're somber and moody,
but skilled in the mystic arts and fiercely dedicated to
your packmates. You tend to ponder the spirits around you,
and often seem to be lost in thought as a result. Political
games bore you, but that doesn't mean you have no under-
standing of power or how touse it. Keep your more outland-
ish ideas to yourself, as they tend to worry your
packmates and your elders. Your goal is to

conquer the Wyrm, not fall to it, and you

have to be sure that they understand that.
Equipment: Backpack, fetishes and

talens, items of chiminage for spirits.


rr at

kecufloner

Quote: No, I'm afraid it's quite too late to make your pleas to Gaia
now. You have sinned against Her, and your judgment is now at hand.
Time to atone.

ae AA

Prelude: All your life, you've lived within the sept. In fact,
you've never known anything else. All the politicking, all the lies,
all the rationalizations — you've heard them all a thousand times
before. You always thought there had to be some better way of
doing things, but this was the way life was. It was simply yout lot,

so what could you do?

Alll of this changed one day when you came upon an old
Theurge burying the remains of a human woman. You knew
enough about the man to guess exactly what had happened: One
of his pet Cliaths had killed the woman by mistake, and the elder
was covering his pupil's tracks. Disgust welled up within you, and

you demanded to know what was going on. He con-
firmed your suspicions, and spoke of keeping this
matter your little secret. Atthat moment, some-
thing inside of you snapped, and you an-
swered his plea by punching your fist through
his chest. Now, ironically, you found your-
self disposing of his body, as you vowed to
punish all who would so grossly violate
the law in such a fashion.

Your passion has caught the
attention of a number of elders,
who mostly want to see you
kept busy so that you cannot
interfere with their own in-
discretions. But some have
begun to look on you with
You have been
placed with a pack of

favor.

Cliaths, many
whom have only re-

cently undergone
their First Change,

and they look to

you for
ance

support.
Though it

pains
admit

t guid-
and

you to
it, the

truth is that you

are no

perienced than
they are when
it comes to
fighting the
Wyrm.

more ex-

While

you are as pas-
sionate as any
Garou about fight-

ingthe Wyrm, however,
your main interest is in
the other Garou youen-
counter. Fewareasdedi-
cated as they ought to

of

be, and many are im-

pure in some form or

88

Ou

HH

AN

29000 Mangan

Seif
A Arhanes womammnmmmeelot

eeeeec0000
gggga99900
nat)
@ee0000000
aooggu00g00
——Nifjenw =
@ee0000000
aoaggg9ga00

Huath

Beutel a

13

njuesd 1

nel 2

a)

Croll 3

Incapacieted =
Tithe! Nnabnats

Equipment: Klaive.

another. There is much work for you
to do, but that's fine. You are eager
to get on with it.
Concept: The Garouaround
you have forgotten the intent of
the Litany, and you aim to re-
mind them in the worst pos-
sible way. Minor transgres-
sions of the sacred tenets do
not bother you much, but
you will not overlook
crimesagainstGaiaforany
reason. You try to keep
your activities separate
from the rest of your pack,
since you do not want to
cause trouble for them, but
your memory is long and
yourstrength great, and you
aim to use both to punish
anyone who escapes the justice of the sept.
Roleplaying Notes: The law is everything

to you, and you will not tolerate any sort of
deviation from that law. Assert your author-
ity in any way you have to; just make sure
that no one, human or lupus, Cliath or
revered elder, escapes the justice of your
claws. Speak harshly when it comes to
matters of Gaia's will; you know the
right of things, and if others do not
recognize that fact it falls to you to
make them understand.


Sesame

Power oker

Quote: I don't think you understand, chum. See, all
those allies you think you have are in my back pocket. All
the resources you depend on belong to me. I'm the one with
the power, and I'm the one in charge. So let's talk again
about that favor you're going to do for me.

Prelude: Some people are just born to rule. It's the
way of things — those who are alphas rise to positions
of power, while those who aren't inevitably become
servants. That's how it's always been, and that's how
it's meant to be. You are a Garou, one of the ruling
elite, and nothing would please you more than to see
your tribe rise to dominance in the Garou Nation and
start putting every non-Garou in their proper place.

The elders of your sept don't much care for your
attitude. That's not surprising, since they know you're
athreat to the power they possess. If they were as good
as they thought they were, they would have dealt
with you a long time ago, and their failure to do so
gives you all sorts of ideas for how things ought to
change in your sept. But although you may be think-
ing of ways to oust the elders, your primary concern is
still fighting the Wyrm and keeping your Kin safe.
The powerful don't remain so if they don't attend to
their responsibilities. Your pack also views you with
suspicion, but that's just because they don't like
feeling inferior. You often suspect that your talents
might make them feel like prey, but you haven't
confirmed this theory as of yet. It's of no real conse-
quence, though; so long as they obey, you're sure all
will remain well.

Privately, in that little part of your mind that you
se to acknowledge, you know that a good portion
of your talk is just that — talk. You're not quite as good
as you pretend to be, and you know it. Someday, if
you're not careful, that seed of doubt might catch up
with youand destroy you. This is your greatest fear, and
you constantly pray to Gaia that no one discovers it.

Concept: You were born to rule, and you're damn
good at it. You watch the world around you and seize
every opportunity that comes your way, exploiting
others in every way you can imagine so that you can
cow them into submission. Your tribe is filled with
such people, however, and many of them are far more
skilled at the power game than you are. Some have
taken it upon themselves to teach you a lesson or two
in an effort to see that you learn humility. It hasn't
worked yet, but you're beginning to get the point.

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen

CL ED

NN ee
Se Snavowfoans

Breed: Homid
pice: Galliord

Name: Pack Name:

SMe

Concept: Power Broker

armen AL Afar pages mmm,
| Resources Mindspeai
Rites ecco Persuasion.
‘o0000 Seizing the Edge
aA

Glory
e000000000
gag999900u

Honor

0000000000 ggoooo00000
goggguguuga ° : .
googagg99u

Wisdom
2000000000
gagggggua00 |

1 +f ——e gausaaaaar

Rakphying
Notes: Many
Lords find

gg99990000

Shpower aie

amusing, but
you haven't yet
learned to respect
your betters. As far as
you're concerned, the best
a person can manage is to
be your equal. Treat ev-
eryone around you as
though they are inferior and
incompetent — it's a safe bet
they probably are. Remind your
packmates and your elders of
the power you wield at every
opportunity, as it's important
that they always realize who it
is they're messing with.
Equipment: Tailored suit,
expensive car, mobile phone, lists
of contacts, datapad with lots of
dirty little secrets in it.

Ayn Howfer

Quote: Oh, donot worry, my little friend. Soon you will be back
in Malfeas, where you belong.

Prelude: The spirit of the storm sings in your veins, and it's
made your life fairly hellish. You've had... anger management
issues, let's say, since you were a child, and they only became
worse as you grew into maturity. Things got easier when others of
your kind found you after your Change, and explained to you who
youare and why you feel the things you do. You learned that you
were an Ahroun, a warrior, meant to fight for Gaia and destroy
those who would prey upon Her creations. You learned that you
wereachild of Grandfather Thunder, and that his fury commands
your blood. Most importantly, you learned that you were among
the greatest of yourkind, a warrior who's tasted power and learned
how to use it to crush others.

When the Garou of your sept saw the power at your com-
mand, they took it as a sign that things were looking up for the
sept. You justified their confidence in you during your Rite of
Passage, when you led the charge to destroy anest of vampires. No
one had ever taken tobeinga Garou quite so well as you have, and
your eagerness both gratified and frightened your elders. You had
tasted power, and it only served to fuel your ambition. Soon, you
had your eye on the leadership of your pack, and who knows
where you'll go from there?

Your elders see your potential, and it frightens them. They
hope you will remain a useful pawn, but they fear that you'll
quickly grow too powerful to effectively control, and this leaves
them feeling vulnerable. They're thinking small, though. Why
bother with asept when entire regions can be yours for the taking?
If you're going to crush the Wyrm, you have to get cracking and
do it. The politics and the bickering can go hang as far as you're
concerned — you have Wyrm things to destroy, and everyone
else around you can either follow you or get
the hell out of the way.

Concept: You are the
will of Gaia and the
fury of Grand-

20000

00000
ee000
eee00

Primal Urge

fe

Fetish yoo
Resources eee00

Ronen

Glory
@200000000
aggqgggga00

Honor
€000000000
aQ9g9g00a00

Wisdom
0000000000
9999999999 eee0000000

et —* gogoga9090

FN SS IY
father Thunder made manifest, and nothing can stand in your
way. The Shadow Lords you've met think you have more in
common with a Fenrir than with "true" Shadow Lords, and they
aren't far wrong. Your strength and rage are frightening, and they
combine with a truly devious mind to produce a raw force of
nature that even veteran warriors find impressive. With strength
and power come arrogance, ho' and you have little
respect for those you deem unworthy (which is just
about everyone). This has made you enemies, so
you'd best watch your step.

Roleplaying Notes: Your pack fears you,
but they also respect you. Your rise to the
position of pack alpha is a
certainty, and people follow
you because you're very good
at getting things done. Sitting
around and strategizing bores

g999999999

nner)
eee0000000
gugouuggua

Nilpenur——tee Tria Niakonaty —te

cocecoo

| t
Subeerfuge te = nce 09000
at |

you; you're much more comfort-
able in taking action now, and
trusting in Gaia to give you the
inspiration to deal with any un-
expected complications as they
come up. It's not like any plan ever
survives contact with the enemy
anyway, so why get bent out of
shape over the details?

Equipment: Backpack, fangdag-
ger, flak jacket, flame-thrower (no
‘one's quite sure how you got this; all
they know is that
vampires cook up
real good), shit
eating grin


Spee samee
Steed on Lords of Note

Pavel begins his final tales of the evening:

T Ponder? Roar

The birth of a metis is always a tragedy,
but sometimes it heralds the coming of
something far, far worse. Such was the case
with Thunder's Roar, a metis so large that
his birth killed his mother. Though he at
first seemed fairly unremarkable for a
metis — he had no apparent disfig-
urements and, apart from his size,
appeared normal in all respects
— the nature of his curse made
itself apparent later on in life. He
wasacalm child, and had superior
control of his rage, but was prone to
fits of madness with no apparent cause.
Some suspected him to be a creature of
the Wyrm, but it was not so. He was simply
a metis, and one who frightened even th
fiercest Ahroun in his sept.

Thunder's Roar had, at most times, a
remarkably calm persona. He was said to
be difficult to provoke, even under condi-
tions of extreme duress, and saved his sept
from Wyrm invasion on more than one
occasion. His control had a flip side, how-
ever; the control he exerted can be unleashed at
will, resulting in frenzies that made him frightening
indeed. Some Garou are at the mercy of their rage,
but not Thunder's Roar; his rage was firmly under
his control. It was just his mind that evaded his
grasp on occasion. You see, he suffered from a
madness that fosters obsession in the victim, and it
was only a matter of time before that obsession
found a target.

The pain of knowing he killed his mother was
the start of the obsession; no one takes well to
being responsible for a loved one's death, and
Thunder's Roar was no exception. Butas he learned
of the circumstances leading to his birth, and of
the Litany law that forbade it, he began to under-
stand the blasphemy that was his existence. He
could have ended it, of course, but that was far too
simple. It did not address any of the harm he had
already done, and it didn't benefit the world as a
whole. No, Thunder's Roar would have to choose
a different way to atone for his sins. He would

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen

make all that transgressed as his parents had pay
the ultimate price for their lack of vision. He
would, in fact, destroy those who dared to violate
the tenets of the Litany.

Of course, even in the 12th century the world
was a big place. Thunder's Roar knew he would
have much to do. But that was fine; it gave him a
mission to focus on, and put things in the proper
context. He began by learning all he could about
Litany law. This was a difficult task, both because
the information he sought was typically reserved for
elders and because of the ignominious status of his
birth. But he persevered, and his genial nature
eventually won his elders over. They did not know
why he was so eager to learn these things, but they
paid it no mind; they simply attributed it to his
Philodox nature.

Thunder's Roar learned other things as well. He
used his great size and his ability to walk among
humans to learn all the arts of smithing, so that he
could make for himself a great silver axe. It was

Seer ere ence ene area re ener ean remanremnererd

surely a painful task, but his obsession kept him at
the forge until his work was completed He used it,
at first, to strike down his enemies, vampire and
Garou alike, and few could oppose him. It was only
when he had completed his more scholarly pursuits
that he turned the axe to its true purpose.

When the giant Garou turned on his fellows,
their shock and horror left them ill-equipped to
appreciate just how wondrous an executioner a
twelve-foot tall, one-ton Crinos wielding a great
silver axe can be. Quoting passages from Litany law,
he tore through his sept, cutting down all he found
unworthy. With the survivors quaking in horror, he
moved on, visiting other Garou septs so that he
could sniff out the unclean among them. None were
safe from his scrutiny, and he soon became one of
the most feared Garou in all of Europe.

Even when in the grip of his derange-
ment, Thunder's Roar was always scrupu-
lous about maintaining the integrity of the «
Litany. He always protected the Veil, and never
harmed a Garou who had not willfully violated °
one tenet or another of Litany law. It was this
steadfast adherence to an ideal that eventually
saw Thunder's Roar saddled with followers, other
Shadow Lords who appreciated his zealotry. Some
sought to use his ideals to further their own ends,
but he would have none of it; these selfish indi-
viduals met his axe as readily as any other. Only
the pure were allowed to remain at his side, and
many Shadow Lord scholars surmise that it was
the threat of their vengeance that kept the Shadow
Lords, and indeed all the Garou of Europe, sane
during many of the twelfth century's most trying
times.

Thunder's Roar's zealotry did not die with him,
of course. His followers preserved his ideals and
continued his work, and continue to do so to this
day. They are, all of them, Philodox, and they are
known around the world as the Judges of Doom.

The bron Vater

The wars and chaos associated with Vlad
Dracul's reign in 15th century Wallachia led to
many unexpected events, but some were shocking
even by Garou standards. One such event was the
rape of Celestina Gregoras, known as Celestina the
Brave, Warder of the Sept of the Night Sky. It is
difficult to imagine one Garou raping another, but
these were crazed times, and Celestina's assailant

succumbed to his madness utterly, committing this
and many other depraved acts before he was finally
put down. To Celestina's dismay her attacker's
crime bore fruit, and she gave birth to a metis
several months later.

Like all metis, Celestina's child was far from
normal. However, in stark contrast to most metis,
the babe had no physical deformities; she was, in
fact, quite beautiful to behold. The problem lay in
her presence. All Garou unsettle humans to a greater
or lesser extent; the effect is magnified in those who
are blessed with a prodigious amount of Rage. But in
young Sonja's case, the effect on human and Garou
alike made even the fiercest Ahroun seem tame by
comparison. The sept voted to destroy the child,
but Celestina was resolute: she did not care that her
daughter's mere existence was a violation of the
Litany, nor that her septmates looked on in terror
every time the child was brought into the room. She
would raise her child, and if anyone tried to take the
babe away she would tear them to pieces.

92 Shadow Lords

lh —_—

ier ¢/ 1


Despite Celestina's best efforts, Sonja had a
miserable childhood. Nobody trusted her, and even
her mother feared her. Small wonder, then, that she
developed an insular and severe personality. Miser-
able as she was, however, she still had no desire to
die at the claws of vampires. So it was that she
proved her worth, fighting off a half-dozen attack-
ers during one of the vampires' incessant raids.
With the bodies of the Leeches all around her, her
critics had no choice but to accept her; she was too
valuable to ignore any longer.

That grudging acceptance was the foot in the
door Sonja needed to join Shadow Lord society.
And join it she did: while she'd already proven to be
a competent warrior, she also discovered she was
quite an effective leader. She learned to use her aura
of dread to her advantage, combining it with her
silver hair and coal-black eyes to create an impla-
cable persona. Her septmates feared her, but they
also obeyed her, particularly once her tactics against
the Leeches proved sound. Fear gave way to admi-
ration as she proved herself skilled in the art of
fetish creation as well; the Shadow Lords have her
to thank for the talen Leech's Blood, which has
saved thousands of Kin lives in the centuries since.

In her later years, Sonja became the Warder of
the Sept of the Night Sky, and her iron hand
managed to keep it safe during some of Wallachia's
most difficult times. She eventually fell in battle
against the Leeches, struck down by one of their
unholy wizards, but not before she destroyed some
of their most powerful warriors. She is remembered
today with the highest honor a metis can receive,
and serves as an example of what can be accom-
plished even when the world is arrayed against you.

Ziakfong

When humans prey upon wolves, whether they
kill them because they're threats to livestock or
simply out of spite, the wolves are typically unable
to respond. They either run, or fall prey to human
malice. When the wolf in question is a Garou,
however, he has a third option — he can attack.
This is what the great lupus known as Blackfang
chose to do, and he reigns in infamy as one of the
greatest Shadow Lord butchers of all time.

Blackfang was born in Vivarais, Auvergne in
France in 1762. He and his pack were constantly at
odds with humanity, since they ate the humans'
livestock, which led to the humans in turn hunting
the wolves. When Blackfang underwent his First

Nn

a

Change, however, and learned of his Shadow Lord
heritage and what it meant, he learned to think of
humans as more than simple predators. He learned
to think of them as his prey.

It's no secret that many Shadow Lords were
among the Garou least satisfied with the terms of
the Concord. They were, in fact, strongly in favor of
continuing the Impergium unabated, of ruthlessly
controlling humanity and limiting its spread. While
most Lords were smart enough to realize that at-
tempting such a task was a fool's errand — both
because it was against Gaia's will, and because
doing so would only worsen relations between hu-
mans and wolves — Blackfang suffered from no
such inhibitions. Humans were vermin as far as he
concerned, and he vowed to exterminate them just
as they were trying to exterminate wolves.

Blackfang's path of bloodshed began in Vivarais,
where he slaughtered a dozen humans in the span of
a week. He was not alone in his debauchery; two
great Kin accompanied him, huge black wolves that
were steeped in hatred and knew no fear of humans.

|

5 eens cera rue crea are se Arvo a re smserenseeerensv)\

Two months after their killing spree began, the trio
moved to Gevauden, and it was there that the pack
took to hunting humans with a zeal that would do
Red Talons proud. Over the course of the next three
years they killed well over a hundred humans, mak-
ing them some of the greatest serial killers the
Garou Nation has ever known.

The Shadow Lords, of course, had no choice but
to hunt him down. His actions threatened to tear
the Veil to pieces, and the humans already had
plenty of reasons to hunt and kill Europe's wolves.
But Blackfang knew the area well, and proved to be
elusive quarry. Further, he was not alone in his
work; a number of other Garou, both Shadow Lords
and Red Talons, aided and abetted the rogue lupus,
giving him shelter so that his pursuers would fail in
their mission. Of course, the fact he could walk as a
man helped; after all, his pursuers were looking for
a wolf, not a human.

Clever as Blackfang was, the bloodbath he'd
triggered couldn't go on forever. Humans have their
limits, and once they choose to fight back they
make clever and dangerous foes. King Louis the XV
sent out dozens of men to find the man-eating
wolves, and in September of 1765 one of Blackfang's
Kin was killed by Antoine de Beauterne, a great
wolfhunter and game warden for the king. Thinking
it was Blackfang himself who was killed, people
around France erupted into celebration. As the
news spread, however, Blackfang's killing spree con-
tinued unabated. Two long years later, on the 18th
of June, 1767, a local farmer named Jean Chastel
planted a silver bullet in Blackfang's chest, ending
his reign of terror forever. Chastel was Kin to us,
and he and a number of other locals organized a
hunting party to track down the last of Blackfang's
Kin. The party's efforts were successful; Blackfang's
mate was killed one week later, ending a legend that
has haunted the Shadow Lords ever since.

Loelyn Contfariive

Born to a wealthy media mogul in New York
City, Eve Constantine became a power broker of
admirable ability long before she knew anything of
her Shadow Lord heritage. She cultivated a taste for
subterfuge while earning her MBA at Harvard busi-
ness school, and managed to use a combination of
business acumen, physical charms, and political
ruthlessness to put all of her father's business asso-
ciates in her back pocket. A further bit of clever
manipulation led to her brothers falling from grace

in their father's eyes, leaving her sole heir to his
considerable fortune.

Eve became even more intimidating once she'd
undergone her belated First Change. She took to
Shadow Lord society like a fish to water, and quickly
managed to amass a considerable power base for
herself within the tribe. Unimpressed with what she
considered the overemphasis on "spiritual non-
sense," Eve focused all of her attention on grabbing
more and more power for herself, the better to crush
her rivals and make her enemies suffer. She became,
in essence, the archetypal Lord of the Summit,
consumed by her lust for power to the point where
everything else in the world around her was mean-
ingless to her.

If this were all there was to her tale, I would not
bother to relate it. But some things begin small.

This story began with an old rival, a vampire
Eve had humiliated years before. We do not choose
to remember his name, for that would grant him
unearned respect. This vampire entered the tale by
setting in motion an intricate plan of revenge de-
signed to utterly destroy Eve's family and way of life.
To start, he set about corrupting one of Eve's few
real friends in the world, a woman who had stood by
her despite Eve's callous nature. Eve was forced to
destroy her closest friend in the world, and she
vowed revenge ten times over. But her rival, the
vampire, had already chosen to raise the stakes. He
called on one of the oldest enemies of our tribe, a
fiend and butcher of the Old World, an elder vam-
pire of great cunning and cruelty —Vladimir
Rustovitch.

Rustovitch entered the game by murdering
Constantine's father, even as the lesser bloodsucker
sabotaged one of her most lucrative companies.
Unprepared to face two fiends of such power at
once, Eve turned to her sept for help. That was
when everything changed. Eve was used to betrayal,
and it was not unreasonable for her to expect it
here; many of her septmates would have found her
fall delightful, but the chance to take out centuries'
worth of grudges on the hated Rustovitch was too
much for them to pass up. They stood with her,
giving Eve a much-needed chance to redeem her-
self. It was an opportunity she didn't pass up.

Individually, Shadow Lords are master manipu-
lators. They are not at home among humans as the
vampires and Glass Walkers are, but they are still
capable enough that they can exert considerable

94 Shadow Lords

lh

ier 2/1

|


‘dase,

influence in the human sphere. But when they work
together, it is a thing of wonder to behold. Eve's sept
called in favors left and right, calling in allies from
all over the state in their quest to destroy Rustovitch
and the lesser thing that had summoned him. The
war claimed the lives of half a dozen Garou elders,
heroes all, but Rustovitch the Butcher was dead at
last, so much dust on the wind.

And the would-be aristocratic vampire who
started it all? He now abides in Eve's basement with
a stake through his heart and no blood in his
stomach. His killing's going to take a long, long
time, and Eve will savor every minute of it.

Eve's motives and goals have changed substan-
tially in the wake of her war with the pair of
vampires. In addition to shifting her attention to-
ward thwarting vampires specifically, instead of just
amassing power for herself, Eve has also begun to
investigate the activities of Pentex and its subsid-
iary companies. What she has discovered disgusts
her, and she is doing all she can to build her capital
to the point where she can confront the Wyrm's
business dealings directly. Her star is rising in

INN ee

Shadow Lord circles, to the point where Margrave
Konietzko has contacted her in hopes of enticing
her to shift some of her business interests to Eastern
Europe. That isn't practical enough to be useful as
of yet, but Eve is working on making it happen.
When it does, the Margrave might well become
unstoppable.

Whiypers to Darkvatt

Most Garou recognize the need to combat the
Wyrm in some fashion or other, and do what they
can to hold the beast at bay. Most Garou also think
their way of doing things is the right way, and seek
to convince or coerce other Garou into following
their lead. Very few Garou, however, have the will
to stab into the heart of the Wyrm alone, bereft of
pack and Kin, unknown and unappreciated, doomed
to be forgotten even if they succeed. Whispers in
Darkness is one such Garou.

Whispers first made his presence known several
years ago, when he walked right into a Black Fury
sept and described the structure of a nearby Black
Spiral Dancer Hive in intricate detail. He said he
planned to destroy the Hive, but that the plan
would have a greater chance of succeeding if the
sept would consent to help. As the stunned Furies
listened, he told them how he would sabotage the
Hive's security, leaving the Furies an opening to
destroy the Dancers who had plagued them for some
years. After some deliberation, the sept elders de-
cided to check the visitor's story out. True to his
word, Whispers knocked the Dancers' Hive out of
whack, setting them up nicely for the Furies to take
down. To their consternation, however, the myste-
tious Garou who opened the door for them was
nowhere to be found. One of the Furies caught a
glimpse of him during the battle, but he could not
be found in the aftermath of the Hive's destruction.
He had moved on, his task completed.

In the months that followed, Whispers fol-
lowed the same pattern with other septs around the
world. He would show up, relate some critical infor-
mation about a threat the sept was facing, infiltrate
the enemy's stronghold, and tear it down from
within. When the deed was done, he disappeared
without a trace. As Garou around the world began
to investigate the elusive Garou's activities, they
found only one thing to be certain: He was Thunder's
child, and that made him a Shadow Lord.

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen 95

|


As the evidence started flowing in, Shadow
Lord investigators began to put the pieces together.
The mysterious Garou appears at night, and usually
speaks in subdued tones, prompting one investiga-
tor to give him the moniker "Whispers in Dark-
ness". He favors the Lupus form, which suggests he
is of the wolf-breed, and his tactics can only be
those of a Ragabash. He appears to be a master of
disguise — one Bone Gnawer pack claims that he
took the form of a Wyrm Abomination (complete
with taint) to infiltrate a fomori nest, and there's no
reason to doubt their word since the rest of their
story checks out. Finally, his modus operandi indi-
cates that he is likely a Bringer of Light, which
explains his independent streak. What it does not
explain is the infernal secrecy surrounding his every
move; the Gifts he uses are only available to those
of significant rank in Shadow Lord society, and yet
this Garou is so secretive that no one even knows
his name! The spirits must know of his exploits, but
for them to be so close-mouthed about such a topic
is unprecedented.

His mysterious activities aside, few can deny
the impact Whispers in Darkness is having on the
tribe. Many Lords feel shamed by his actions, as he
is clearly not interested either in personal power or
renown throughout the tribe. It is likely that he has
support of one sort or another, as no Garou, not
even a Bringer of Light, can operate independently
and learn the tricks Whispers has learned. This has
the Judges of Doom wondering how to deal with the

issue; it's nice that Whispers is setting up the de-
struction of enemy strongholds left and right, but
the fact that he's doing it unaided is somewhat
troubling. Further, if he can get by without aid from
the rest of the tribe, what's to stop a rogue Shadow
Lord from doing the same thing — with much more
malevolent intentions? The Judges can't afford to
be blasé about the issue, and how they choose to
handle it could have serious repercussions for the
tribe as a whole.

Miguel Coutfhorrez

The mantle of power associated with being a
Shadow Lord Theurge is difficult to wear. Leaders
expect you to foretell the future, packmates ask
you for mystical advice, and everyone views you
with suspicion and a keen eye for treachery. This
is the way of things, and Miguel Gutierrez under-
stood this. He was, however, quite unusual among
Shadow Lords in that he had no real appreciation
for the rewards power could bring. To him it was all
stuff and nonsense, and this made him a social
misfit even before his life really began to diverge
from the norm.

The youngest of six children, Miguel was born
in Guadalupe, Mexico. In addition to being a
suburb of Monterrey, Guadalupe is also a stone's
throw away from Mexico's largest national park,
Cumbres de Monterrey, and it's here that Miguel
spent much of his time while growing up. He was
very poor, but that never stopped him from appre-
ciating the world around him and his place in it.
This perspective tempered the rage associated with
his First Change, which was much less violent
than that of most other Garou, and he emerged
from the ordeal as one who had experienced a
spiritual awakening. This unusual circum-
stance, along with the even
temper that accompanied it,
was enough to make Miguel
a Theurge worthy of some at-
tention. It was his ability to chan-
nel his ancestors, however, that made
him both a pawn and a revolutionary
within his own sept.

The spirits speak in many tongues,
and Miguel found it difficult to under-

stand what it was they wanted of him.
One spirit in particular, a Garou with
dark fur turned white with age, was
particularly disturbing. This Garou forced Miguel


to witness a scene from ages pa
beast dismembered a large bat, over and over again.
The guilt associated with this vision was over-
whelming, and Miguel could make no sense of it.
Driven to the brink of madness by the spirit's
visions, the young Theurge undertook an Umbral
quest to find the source of his ancestor's guilt. He
investigated ruins throughout Mexico, and he
learned everything he could about the people in
the vision. What he found surprised him: the spirit
was a Garou named Dark Claw of Vengeance, and
he was the Garou whose claws had killed the last
of the Camazotz.

Miguel's elders were stunned at this turn of
events, as no one in Miguel's family line had ever
had contact with Dark Claw of Vengeance's spirit
in the past. That alone made the event portentous,
and the leaders of the sept bade Miguel investigate
the matter further so that he might determine how
best to handle it. On reflection, Miguel found only
one way to settle the issue: he had to seek out an
audience with Bat, the fallen patron of the
Camazotz, and put his ancestor's spirit to rest once
and for all. The only way to do this, of course, was
to travel to Malfeas itself, a journey that was
perilous indeed.

Miguel's pack, to say nothing of his sept, dis-
missed the idea as absurd. Such a journey was
plainly foolhardy, and they would have to find
another way to quiet the restless spirit. But Miguel
was made of sterner stuff than they had realized;
the force of his will was staggering, and his ada-
mant refusal to shift his stance even in the slight-
est ultimately overwhelmed his septmates' reser-
vations. The elders washed their hands of the
matter, but his pack stood by him, such was their
faith in his visions. And so it was that they trav-
eled to Malfeas.

None in Miguel's pack will speak of their jour-
ney, nor of their audience with Bat at the journey's
end. All that is known is that Miguel emerged from
the experience a potent Theurge, that his pack was
battered and broken by the experience, and that Bat
now serves as the pack's totem. The pack's sept has
been renamed the Sept of the Earth Mother, and
those who could not accept Miguel's revelations
have been asked to leave. In the meantime, Miguel
has turned his patron's unique gifts against the
minions of the Wyrm, tearing into the Sabbat

vampires that stalk the cities and the corporate
interests that plague Mexico and the southern
United States with equal fervor.

What has happened to Miguel and his pack, and
what it means, is a matter of great controversy
within the Shadow Lord tribe. Miguel does not
smell of the Wyrm, nor is his scent somehow masked.
He is of Gaia, as he has always been. However, Bat
has not been redeemed; he is still a fallen totem, yet
now seems to have aspects of both Gaia and the
Wyrm. The ultimate significance of this turn of
events, both for Miguel and for the Garou in gen-
eral, remains to be seen.

Image: Miguel is a fairly nondescript Mestizo
youth, seventeen years in age. He dresses as well
he can, but given his limited funds that's typically
not terribly impressive. Miguel usually wears a seri-
ous expression, as his harrowing experiences in the
Umbra have made him take his role as Theurge and
petitioner of Bat very seriously. He is a gangly
Mexican wolf in wolf form, and is rather short in

Crinos form — a mere seven feet high, and under
300 pounds.

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen 97

Ne.


|

Roleplaying Notes: You used to be a kid who
was high on life, intoxicated with the world around
you. That part of you still remains, but it has been
muted by your quest to restore Bat as a totem of
Gaia. Now, you are a serious and powerful Theurge,
and you act the part. Look to your packmates for
support, but do not let them sway you when you
believe something must be done. Gaia's plan for you
has been made plain, and while you regret the pain
your pack has endured on your behalf you cannot let
that regret sway you from your current path.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Rank: 3
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Expression 3, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 4,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 1,
Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Ancestors 5, Fetish 3, Resources 2,
Rites 4, Totem 5

Rage: 3; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 9

Gifts: (1) Ears of the Bat, Persuasion, Seizing the Edge,
Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Patagia, Song of the
Earth Mother, Sight from Beyond; (3) Direct the
Storm, Pulse of the Invisible, A Thousand Eyes
Rites: Miguel knows all minor rites, and all rites of
rank 3 or lower. Bat has also taught him the Rite of the
Hurricane.

Nargrave Yor! Xowtelcko

Even from the beginning of his life, shortly
after World War II, great things were expected of
Yuri Konietzko. His father, a Shadow Lord of
great renown in Germany, expected him to bring
together the Garou tribes in the aftermath of the
tragedy of the war, and his mother hoped her
status as Kin to the Silver Fang House of the
Crescent Moon would help heal the rift between
the two tribes. But, it was not to be. The politics
of the human world and the tumult of the Garou
world made such a reconciliation impossible, as
did the fact that the Silver Fangs yet retained

98 Shadow Lords

POEL ES OT ST ee TY

their hold on the Sept of the Night Sky. But the
elder Konietzko refused to give up hope: he clung
to the idea throughout Yuri's childhood, and
always instructed his son to keep the Shadow
Lords strong and do all he could to bring the
tribes of the Garou Nation together, that they
might tear the Wyrm from the world and end the
horror of war forever.

Konietzko took his father's words to heart,
and trained relentlessly to become the powerful
leader his father wanted him to be. He became a
ruthless politician, inherited his father's title,
and began battling the Wyrm in Germany even
before his First Change overtook him. He was a
legend by the time he was twenty, and resolved to
bide his time until he got an opportunity to battle
the Wyrm directly.

That opportunity came in 1991, shortly after
the fall of the Berlin Wall. The Lords in the
Margrave's sept cheered, but Konietzko knew this
was only the beginning of their battle. The cold war
had kept the world in a sort of stasis, and it stifled
the Wyrm's attempts to expand its hold on Gaia.
But once the war ended, there was nothing left to
keep the Wyrm in check. The Margrave moved
quickly, securing Shadow Lord lands in Romania so
that vampires could not overrun them once again.
Athome in the Sept of the Night Sky, Yuri Konietzko
had come into his own. Now, however, his world
was about to go to hell.

The vampires that infested Carpathia were a
serious threat, but the Shadow Lords had been
dealing with them for centuries. Now, however, the
Margrave also had to deal with Wyrm-tainted eco-
nomic interests seeking to capitalize on the chaos
that followed in freedom's wake. And as Yugoslavia
tore itself apart, Konietzko also found himself hav-
ing to deal with more Wyrmspawn than the region
had seen in decades. While most Garou would say
the situation had gone from bad to worse, the
Margrave found that things were humming along
perfectly: They were now horrible enough that the
tribes might actually come to their senses, demand
proper leadership, and get on with the process of
taking their world back from the monsters. Several
years of fighting, careful negotiation with tribes
such as the Black Furies, Red Talons, and Get of
Fenris, and a fair bit of utter ruthlessness allowed
Konietzko to forge a coalition of Garou dedicated to
stamping the most overt Wyrm threats out of East-


‘dass

ern Europe. Just when he thought he had every-
thing under control, though, the Shadow Curtain
around Russia dropped, and with it the Margrave's
plans changed.

Konietzko had expected the Silver Fangs to
weather the war in Russia quite a bit better than
they actually had. House Wise Heart is gone, and
House Crescent Moon has been gutted; the Silver
Fang leadership in Russia is thus all but gone,
leaving only the House of the Gleaming Eye to
handle affairs in mainland Europe. This is simply
not enough. While Konietzko would love to take
command of the Garou Nation as much as any
other Shadow Lord, the fact remains that there
are simply not enough Shadow Lords to manage
all of the Garou in Europe. Fortunately, however,
other tribes have risen to the occasion, and are
now serving as capable betas in the Silver Fangs'
stead. The Fenrir and the Black Furies have proven
to be capable of working closely together in Rus-
sia, first to prop up the Silver Fangs and now to
prop up the fragile coalition of tribes that has
replaced them. Those two tribes have similarly
taken steps to work with the Lords in Eastern

INN ee

Europe, and along with the Red Talons are mak-
ing admirable progress in cleaning up Yugoslavia
and the other countries thrown into chaos by
communism's fall. Things are looking up for the
Margrave, but only time will tell if his bid for
power is ultimately successful.

Image: In Homid form, the Margrave is a sav-
agely handsome man in his late 50s. He wears a full
beard and long, straight hair, and he is surrounded
by a predatory aura of great intensity. He dresses
with a sort of raw elegance, tempered by the needs
of the moment. In Lupus form he is lean and pow-
erful, and his fur is jet black.

Roleplaying Notes: It wasn't your idea to usurp
control of the Garou Nation from the Silver Fangs.
Indeed, you were perfectly content to leav
ship of the Garou to them if they proved capable
enough to do it. But they weren't up to the task, and
asa result you have had to step in and clean up their
mess. Now, nothing matters but winning. Winning
against the vampires, against the fomori and the
Banes, and against anyone who dares to get in your
way. In lesser Garou, this would be an obsession —

ader-

in you, it is vision.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Rank: 6

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Ap-
pearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge
5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3,
Klaive Dueling 5, Leadership 5, Melee 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 4, Law 3, Lin-
guistics 4, Occult 5, Politics 5, Rituals 5, Wyrm Lore 4
Backgrounds: Clout 5, Contacts 5, Fetish 5, Kinfolk
5, Pure Breed 3, Resources 4, Rites 5, Totem 5
Rage: 8; Gnosis: 10; Willpower: 10

Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw, Master
of Fire, Persuasion, Seizing the Edge, Sense Wyrm,
Spirit Speech; (2) Clap of Thunder, Cold Voice of
Reason, Command Spirit, Luna's Armor, Name the
Spirit, Sight from Beyond, Staredown; (3) Curse of

Chapter Four: Grandfather's Chosen 99

|


|

Corruption, Disquiet, Exorcism, Paralyzing Stare,
Pulse of the Invisible, Summon Stormcrow; (4)
Call the Storm, Grasp the Beyond, Open Wounds,
Raven's Wings, Spirit Drain, Seeds of Doubt, Spirit
Ward, Strength of the Dominator; (5) Malleable
Spirit, Obedience, Part the Veil, Shadow Pack,
Spirit Vessel

Rites: Konietzko is a Rank 6 Theurge, and as such
knows every rite not restricted to a specific tribe or
region.

Fetishes: Thunder's Bracers, grand klaive. As one
of the most powerful Garou in the world, the
Margrave can get his hands on just about any fetish,
given time.

100 Shadow Lords

———_—

iy ¢/


\Z

SHADOW [loans SMe

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:

Phiytlonf JSootaf Nevfaf
Strength, @0000~ Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 = = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina. @0000 Appearance___——@o0o000 : «== Wits__ COO
Talewtt Ske Knonsedgar
Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken OO0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 Crafts. 00000 _ Enigmas 00000
Brawl, 00000 __ Drive. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge. 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000 | Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Melee 00000 = Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance. 00000 Politics, 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth. 00000 §$Rituals___—————— 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival 00000 | Science___ 900000
Sackgroundt Gift Gift
00000
OOOO0O
OOO0O0O0
OOO0O0O0
00000
"Renown a Rage ~ Veaffh
Glory Bruised a
o00000 oo
O000000000 dons Hurt -1 a
QoonoOnO0o00000 OOO0O0O00000 Injured -l Q
aules =
BE98883888 ecesccocee Sm 3 3
Wisdom OQ000000000 Incapacitated Qa
o000000000 MNifpower THtbal Weakwatp—o

OQO000000000
2 Rank

lh ———

90000000000
NOO0000000

ily ¢/

FAILURE'S DAGGER:
-1l RENOWN FOR FAILURE

|


Me Sisnowfo woos g- SE

Howl
AY Soe ae pe Strength as +3) Strength(+1)____
Stamina (+2) Dexterity (+1). Dexterity (+2)__ Dexterity (+2),
Cidlce Appearance (-1), _ Stamina (+3)___ Stamina (+3)___ Stamina(+2) > 3S SX
Manipulation (-2)____ Appearance 0 Manipulation(-3). _  Manipulation(-3)__
Manipulation(-3)_ ~~ +1 DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
ee DELIRIUM
HUMANS
—————- Your Tritt AS if hth f mmm nnn
OOOOO, Item: Level Gnosis,
OOO00O0 Power:
OOO00O Item: Level, Gnosis,
OOO00O0 Power:
OOO00O Item: Level, Gnosis.
OOO00O Power:
OO0O00O0 Item:, Level, Gnosis,
OOO00O Power:
00000 hat
OOO00O0
OO000
30008 N
OO0000
00000 |
OO0O00O0
OO0O00O0
OOO00O
OO0O00O0
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage [Range| Rate | Clip Brantag Chart
Maneuver Roll Diff. Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength+ A
. Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 Special/B
Claw Dex+Beawl 6 Surength+I/A
Grapple Dex+Beawl 6 — Surength/B
Kick ——Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1/B
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
|A=Aggravated Damage
B-Bashing Damage AN

AtII0r:.

ria

Nel

Se SuDowfo pene swe

| Nature: Demeanor: _|
Wert Lye Caf = Fw
et Expanded, Background: -ansintmicmmie ag?
Ancetport Pure Breed
Confault Reourcat
| Knfolh Totem
A GO Cf wenmem amano — A Ceperlect wmmemnanemnto
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
Gained From:.
Equipment (Owned): i
ALAA Sofif armavrnmemnnamnent ao
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:.
Level: Type: SpentOn:
hy Totem:
Leader:

LLLP SST PT A IT

peeunow vfanos » Gg SE

ips pit"
RS
ee I , Daypcrh tition serninemrecmneemnitie
Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:
Sex:
Height | Weight
Homid:
Glabro: Battle Stars:
Crinos:
Hispe
Lup Neh Defer WAY:
AAA
PLT EY
Pack Chart Vitwalt Character reenact |

Cane

 & mowhans

Ld

: MOO fit: DJOGMS

4

For' iitless is tu S bet have enticed the rule ua
They ha have sacrificed t
ae

Shutinee by the here and have contacts ar (
dangerous places

. newest. Revised Ti ribeBook — Tribebook'S

Pie

FEAPOCAL YPSE. ne

thas

GM irda Alcea

WWW. ce nee com
ISBN 1-58846

m Mm
sé I

PRINTED IN USA

CAME STUDIO