# File: Shadow Lords.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook*for Werewolf: The Apocalypse™
Tribebook 8

JANTED IN CANADA.

O MUCH BLOOD
"ILLED, ANDO THE
OLO WOUNDS
NEVER HEAL.

WRITTEN BY: BRIAN CAMPBELL
ILLUSTRATED By: ALEX SHEIKMAN &
LETTERED By: MATT MILBERGER

{ COLORED BY LAWRENCE SNELLY

WHEN
WILL THE
FAIN
STOP?


1
- S CATHERINE! YOU BOW
YOUR HEAD BEFORE ME

WHENEVER A
SHADOW LORD.
OF MY TALENTS

HAS TO BOW HER
HEAD, IT'S
DEFINITELY AN
INSULT.

S

VW YE CUT YOUVE StL
‘a4 DR 1 L
£46.02" BROUGHT OUR

\Y REWARD, THE
TRUE SWORD

OF VLADMIR.

OURS? THREE OF MY
GYPSY SPIES DIEO YOUR PACK DID

GETTING THIS SWORD, NOT COORDINATE
WITH MY TROOPS...

CATHERINE
fA SHOULD KNOW
BETTER THAN TO}
NOT FOLLOW A
BATTLE PLANA


HAVE A
NICE VIEW...

i

AHROUN
LEADING THE
SKIRMISH, |
CLAIM MY
RIGHT. OR

CATHERINE! HOLD
YOUR TONGUE.
REMEMBER, THE
GREATEST SHARE OF
THE KILL SHOULD GO
TO THE_GREATEST IN.
STATION...

NIKOLAI CHERNENKO.
| ALMOST DION'T KNOW
YOU WERE ON THE
BATTLE FIELD.

| WAS DIRECTING
THE TROOPS. IF
YOU DOUBT MY
SKILL AS A
SWORDSMAN AY

NIKOLAI!
LADY 4
CATHERINE
IS NO
AHROUN.
SHELL ONLY
FIGHT WITH

ANDO AS SUCH
YOU SHOULD GIVE
SIR CHERNENKO

HIS SWORD.

WHAT? IS?
CHERNENKO
ONLY SET UP THE ¢
DIVERSION!

NO! PLEASE DON'T FIGHT.
THERE'S BEEN TOO MUCH
FIGHTING ALREADY!


OF COURSE, MY.
LOVELY CHILD OF
GAIA, | WOULD
NOT FORCE YOU
TO SEE BLOOD
SPILLED.

THAT WILL BE ALL,
LADY CATHERINE.
WE WILL NOTE
YOUR RENOWN AT
THIS BATTLE...

BUT THE SWORD
IS RIGHTFULLY
NIKOLAT'S.


—_

THEN WE WILL
BE TOGETHER
SOON. BE
CAREFUL, MY

THE VOIVODE'S
TROOPS HAVE

EXCELLENT?
HOW MANY OF
My PEOPLE HAVE SEPTS FOR
DIED FIGHTING YOURSELVES...
FOR YOu? \

IT 1S IN THE NAME OF
CHIVALRY. THE TURKS
AND THE TZIMISCE
MUST BE ORIVEN FROM
THESE LANDS!

_—,

SUCH IMPUDENCE! WHAT
WOULD A BONE GNAWER
KNOW OF HONOR?

—


LADY CATHERINE. HE.
HAS THE SWORD?

OF COURSE, VOIVODE. ve)
HE DOESN'T EVEN
REALIZE ITS POWER.

WHY DOES HE
WANT A FETISH
THAT HOLOS SO

MUCH RAGE?

HE DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT THE SWORD.HE |
JUST WANTS THE
FALSE HONOR.

==

WE WILL GIVE HIS
CASTLE BACK TO YOU,
VOIVODE... IF YOU CAN

ORIVE THE TURKS
FROM THE SOUTHERN

BORDER. 6

SHADOW
LORD. YOU \ ; "Reta
AND | HAVE i y FOOLS

HAD_OUR... ‘ ANO THEIR
f SILVER

FANG

".DISAGREEMENTS...

.BUT NEITHER OF
US WANTS THE
SULTAN'S FORCES
HERE...


————
LATER THAT NIGHT... | 5
a . cA &
|| iy My LIEGE... ;
f
| Ss «YOU LOOK weary. \—
\ = PERHAPS | MAY ly SSS
COMFORT yOu? A >
!

S KA! WHAT
— ARE YOU DOING? §

HAVING AN
AUDIENCE WITH
HIS HIGHNESS...


SOMEONE!
HELP! THE
KING IS IN ¢
DANGER! @&

YOU! GET OUT
OF HERE! AND &
YOU! DRAW
YOUR SWORD! T
wail

AND
HERS!

CENTURIES OF FIGHTING, ANO
A SILVER THE BLOOD STILL FLOWS. WHEN
FANG LIVES WILL THE WOUNDS HEAL?
ANDO DIES By
HIS ACNOR! &

FOR_NOW,
THIS ONE
HAS.


By Brian Campbell

iin

Credits

Written by: Brian Campbell
Development: Bill Bridges and Ethan Skemp
Editing: Ronni Radner

Vice President in charge of Production: Rich Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly and Aileen E. Miles
Layout & Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Comic Book Art: Alex Sheikman

Art: Andrew Bates, Mike Chaney, James Daly,

Matt Milberger, Steve Prescott, Dan Smith

Back Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

Cover Design: Matt Milberger

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
Gee. Suir 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse and
Shadow Lords Tribebook are trademarks of White
Wolf, Inc. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Sere ere ene ere eres. ve ry ma rem mrwrenamnarensoh

10 Shadowlords

Special Thanks To:

Aileen "Evil Christmas Cave" Miles, for her honorable
mention.

Larry "One Hundred Thousand?!?" Snelly, for facing the
intimidating might of Axis Mundi.

Matt "Jedi Master" Milberger, for not giving in to hate and
the Dark Side when the changes came from the West
Coast.

Katie "Abu" McCaskill, for her production monkey.
Kathy "Rincewind" Ryan, for having to keep the hintbook
in the Parsnip.

Josh "Two Shotguns" Timbrook, for giving Kyle a quick
schoolin' at Durandal.

And, of course,

Bill "If Ya Can't Beat ‘Em..." Bridges, for three years of
dealing with miscreant freelancers.

Author's Dedication

Too many people have dedicated books to their
cats, so this one is dedicated to my first two rats.

When rodents get opposable thumbs, rats will con-
quer the world!

For Scarlet and Patsy.

Word from White Wolf Game Studio

Well, if you picked up Red Talons, you already
know the somber news. Bill Bridges, longtime Alpha
of the Werewolf line, has left the pack in search of
other deeds of glory. Howl of Farewell, Bill —we miss
you already.

Now it's my job to follow in those extra large
pawprints, guiding the Garouand their allies as well as
ferreting out the secrets of the Wyrm. So I'm already
abusing my power to commandeer this box and say
hello. Bill cooked up a few surprises for you before he
left, and needless to say, I've got some of my own to
spring. I hope you all have as much fun as I'm going to
in the times to come (heh heh).
— Ethan Skemp


Chapter One: Beautiful Lies

The history of the Shadow Lords

29
41
The Shadow Lords aroun
Appendix One: Hid 49
New Gifts, rites, fetishes an
55

Five ready-to-play characters

Appendix Three: Masters of Shadows 66

Famous Shadow Lords of the past and present

Contents ll

Se ee

ll ————



Sit down, kid. I'm going to tell you some lies.
I call them lies because that's how the other tribes regard
them. They're actually truths that the others will not belie'

Our family is built upon these truths. We are the keepers of
dark secrets, the guardians of beautiful lies that no one else
would dare speak. You'll never gain glory by espousing(fhigim,
but then again, we aren't motivated by pRiise, honor of glORy,
outside of our tribe — those rewards are fijithe shallow,
We're muckrakers, deceiversand villains, everylatone of us.
That'sourrole in the Garou Nation, and it'sthe Oty ay we
can fulfill our destiny.

Evena oyna al Ra gabe ash Uke me know Don' think

own sept. The Garoucan he here $
gloryhounds who would sell out theigpftkmatgsfor a chance
to be immortalized in sagas, prideful warrigf$ who can only
prove their own worth by humiliating their septmates, and
weak leaders who would sacrifice scapegoats for the sake of
furthering their own power.
The Apocalypse is coming, and "trust" has no place in it

Watch yourself. Skepticism and mistrust are the best defenses
you have. When the other tribes gather before the leaders of our

Introduction: The Gathering Storm

sept, they'll endlessly posture in their pompous ceremonies, but
their moots are used to hide the deception that they practice
themselves. We know all about that deception. If you want to

ain respect in our tribe,
their own game. By our rules, that game is called politics.

ou're going to have to beat them at

TheLords have always been masters of politics. Although
ouftole in the Garou Nation has changed, our skill has never
dimihished. The welféest members of our tribe are diplomats
= mediators asf counselors, advisors and facilitators who
keep-ordepgifi the sept. That's how we earned our status as
Lords,asid our priyilegéth the political arena. The strongest
ofsis are leadet$!Over the millennia, we've seen what works
‘and what doesn't, Thehoner"¥évered by the other tribes

doesn't workffand so we follow a different path.

We follow the will to power. Far too many Garou who

| have tried tg triumph Witletheic pretense at "honor," their

Concepts UP"nObility" and "chivalry." Their weakness has
brought ab@yt our downfall. The Wyrm will not fight an
honorable fight, The situation is desperate, and so we have to
overcome the Wyrm by any means necessary. In desperate
times, only ingenuity can win over the Wyrm, and only
strength can be respected. Only through absolute power can
we attain absolute victory.

But who are you to believe me, anyway? I'm a Ragabash.
lie. By twisting truth and lies, I survive. And if you follow my

advice, you'll survive, too.



this is to be asserted in general of men: that they are
ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as
you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood,
property, life, and children... when the need is far distant; but

when it approaches, they will turn against you.
— Nicolo Machiavelli, The Prince

Before youcan be accorded status, cub, you must receive
instruction. As such, I will retract what I have said about
the bitch that whelped you. I will acknowledge that the
claw marks you have raked across my face and the tempo-
rary loss of vision in my right eye are sufficient redress for
my remark. Asa Galliard, I caution you that] did not desire
a duel. Rather, I would test you in other ways.

If you did not lash out at me in response, I would have
had doubts about your eminent rise to the rank of fostern
within our tribe. In fact, if you had not retaliated, I may
have doubted that you were one of the Lords

Ah! Sheath your blade. I -" You will note
that I choose my words carefully, a quality that you have

said "may hav
not yet cultivated. You also lack patience. A Shadow Lord

Chapter On

EE Ee

cub — or a Garou of another tribe — will often demand

immediate redress to an insult by resorting to an immediate

retaliation with physical violence. You see? | have manipu-
lated you into your outburst of rage. Thus, you have shown
me your weakness. Your own prideful rage leads you astray.

Our rage is not an anger that forces us to lash out at the
slightest provocation. It is hidden deep within us, like our
t builds; it waits, sometimes for

truest secrets. It burns;
days, sometimes for weeks and sometimes even for genera-
tions. A Shadow Lord carries his pain with him always, like
a stormcloud that surrounds him. Only justice can ease
that pain. Throughout our history, the Lords have burned
ase of our suffering.

with the need for revenge, the surc

Beautiful Lies


Why do you think I have taken you to this lofty
mountaintop? You watch the bleak clouds that roil above
you— I know your affinity to that gathering storm. I know
you carry that feeling in the deepest part of your heart.
Your seething anger has made you one of us. Stormclouds
gather slowly; so let it be with your anger. Lower your
blade. Let the wisdom of your reason stay your hand. The
darkne:

s in the skies serves as a warning to all who are
beneath it. It is a warning that the tempest is coming.

So has it been with our tribe. The tempest is coming. We
have hidden in shadows, and the darkness protects us.
When tears fall like rain, when darkness gathers, when the
pain and shame becomes unbearable, that is when we are
strongest. Our anguish renews us, and thus, we are powerful.

Our pain goes back a long, long way. It began even
before we became Lords of Shadows. Sit, child, and as the
tempest gathers, I will tell you our story.

The Earliest Lies

You know, I read a lot. Especially about things about
history. I find that shit fascinating.

— Cliff, True Romance

It is said that any legend, no matter how outrageous,
contains an element of truth. Let me tell you a legend,
then... a fairy tale, if you will.

Shadow Lords

Long ago, before the rise of mankind, Gaia was in
balance. As it was with our sacred mother, so was it with
our Garou Nation. Each knew his role. The warriors
exalted in the thrill of the hunt, running togetheras wolves
and men. Those warriors would one day form the Get and
the Red Talons. The passionate Garou regaled us in song
and story, bringing understanding and healing. Those
artisans would later become the Children of Gaia and the
Fianna. The mystics followed older gods then, and even
among the Uktena and Stargazers today, many of those old
. And the noblest of Garou inspired us
with their majesty. Our rulers bore the burdens of their

onesare still revei

duties with equanimity, and their pronouncements dem-
onstrated their sagacity. The Garou who were the most
esteemed among us would one day form the Silver Fangs.

I said it was a fairy tale, didn't I?

For the sake of our story, then, I will say that there was
a time when our rulers were worthy of great admiration.
Moreover, they were worthy of support. Let it not be said
that we are without humility, for the Lords have humble
origins. Our role in the order of things was to support and
advise our leaders. A strong leader is worthy of any sacri-
fice, and the wisest leaders surrounded themselves with the
best advisors and counselors. The sept leaders were our
kings, and we, their advisors, were their court of lords.


ae AA

A good leader will not be above sharing the same tasks
as his followers. So it was with our rulers in those early days.
When the warriors would hunt, their leader would run with
them to see if the hunting was good. When the masters of
song and story would recite and perform, their ruler would
step from his throne to discuss his praise or criticism, and
thus learn the value of the arts. And as the advisors studied
and debated, our leaders would occasionally take part in the
debates, showing their cunning and ingenuity.

There are some tasks, however, that a ruler cannot
practice. A noble man often decries the need to take an
unfair advantage over his rivals. He will not spy on the
conversations of his detractors or detain those who voice
fair criticisms against him. Nonetheless, he may give in to
the temptation of using such tactics occasionally andi
turn, pass the deed on to someone else. When.
receives such a request, it becomes a true te:
your esteemed sept leader asked you to steal
who hasstolen from him, you would thus becomea thief for
the good of the sept. If your honorable leader asked you to
kill a man who was plotting to murder your superiors, y;
would thus become a murderer for the good of your,

So it was with our leaders. We were loyal.
In the earliest days, the different social circl
septs developed their own distinctions, an
evolved into a system of castes. Warrior
toplan the defense of our caerns, set traj
the septs well-fed. Mystics found deey
ceremonies became more elabora

with the spirits of our caerns. A:

rate arts, and we admired the;

caste of messengers and
progenitors and those
Striders. So it was
distinctions of caste an

tulers formed their own

As they rose to the challenges before t
the discourse of leadershai

subjects happy by sa'
and believing both Z
we, the diplomats, wei eak on their behalf, our Half-
Moons quickly learned that any proposition and its opposite
could both be true, and we understood instinctively that a
sept leader could be an ally of one sept one moon anda dire
enemy the next. We did what we had to when we kept a
ruler in power, for this task was beneath him and ignoble,
but that task was justified because it had to be done, so we
did both. Our reward was the approval of the king, the
awarding of status, and our recognition as Lords.

As the caste system grew, we came to understand it, for
our Half-Moons had to mediate between all of the castes.
The Lords were the keepers of law and the advocates of
civility. Just as the artisans valued passion and the mystics
praised insight, the Lords revered reason. If a sept leader
had difficulty understanding his "subjects," our Half‘ Moons

Chapter One: Beautiful Lies

were the ones who would speak on his behalf, regardless of
whether it would make us appear to be untrustworthy.
When the sept leader wanted to find out what his subjects
were really saying, our No Moons would stealthily observe.
And when a member of the ruling class did not want his
champion to declare a duel before a gathering of a sept, it
was our Ahroun warriors who would set the ambush.
"Yes, my liege. No, my liege. By your word, he shall die,
my liege." Such was our honor. None carried out these tasks
as well as the Lords, and the ruling caste gave their blessing.
They would not soil their hands with such dishonorable
deeds. Our honor was a secret one, just as a loyal man will
nefits the safety of all.

this truth has become taboo.

as the earliest form of civility. The
was not as clear then. If you needed a
e to a Lord; if you required a Theurge,
the mystics. Since our tribes descended
, you may begin to understand why the
wn for their Galliards, the Uktena for their
Theurges, and so on. The finer distinctions were not
until our Garou Nation tore itself apart.

you went
from the:

tinctions between us became more pronounced
lers took the privilege of maintaining their own
e standard histories, the ones you may hear told
emed Fianna Galliard or a noble Silver Fang, tell
kind became a threat, the Garou
ind, protecting them from
we learned from their

\d we chose the brightest and the best of them as our

g stock. The lie is somewhat more cynical than this.
retakers, and they were more

oman or wolfas his or her mate. Rare were the cases
0 would vie for the same lover, but as the ruling
placed themselves farther above their subjects, they
detflanded the finest slaves. To ensure this, at the behest
of the ruling caste, it was decreed that each caste would
have its own separate breeding stock.

The most regal rulers valued majestic beauty, and so the
"nobility" claimed the privilege of choosing the most beau-
tiful humans and wolves for their mates. After all, they had
eared it, hadn't they? Each wise decision (that we coun-
seled) showed their nobility. Each resolution of troubles
(that we assisted with) proved them worthy of privilege.

In the privacy of their chambers, their slaves submitted
to their desires. "Yes, my master. No, my master. If that is
what you wish, my master." When slaves were killed in
orgiastic passion or a jealous nobleman killed a slave who
loved another, we were still the ones who buried the


|

a 2A

bodies. We kept the truth from the subjects who wor-
shipped their "noble" rulers, and their "nobility" was
preserved. Such was our duty: to preserve the body politic.

The most successful leaders strengthened their caste by
using their slavery to justify primogeniture. They had the
choice breeding stock, and thus they bred the children
most "worthy" of leadership. A beautiful child with asilver
coat, a regal child with a noble bearing — clearly such
cubs were of the ruling class.

Did you think they survived the opposition of their rivals
because of their honor? Certainly not. Honor lies in sacrifice,
and we were the ones who sacrificed ourselves for the keeping
of the ways. They feigned their honor, and we hid their
shame. This is also how the tribes began: with slavery and, as
the humans would say, carefully cultivated genetic purity.

Does this trouble you? Pay your misgivings no mind. It's
only a fairy tale. Consider it allegory. Tell me I'm lying.
Tell me the wonderful preaching you've heard about the
noble origins of the Garou.

And I'll tell you how some of us were led astray...

The Jmpergium

As we herded our breeding stock, humans began to form
their own societies. Their villages became more organized, and
the restrictions that we placed upon their wanderings forced
them to form communities that were different from ours. The
easiest to maintain were communal farms. As mankind settled
into its agricultural ways, we were able to control their popu-
lation. Curiously, the very decision to herd our breeding stock
resulted in the beginnings of human civilization.

The Garou, the masters of mankind, carefully controlled
humans. They learned to fear us. If they were to stray into
the wilderness, they knew we had the right to do with them
as we pleased. If they did not, it made little difference —the
Garou would still take what they desired and punish those
who opposed them. This practice continued for millennia.
And the most horrific part was this: Itsucceeded brilliantly.
It was a pure age. The world was in balance, and humanity
was subservient to the will of the Garou.

Old Gods

Although we were once as one, each caste began take
to its own customs and its own gods. When we were truly
one, we followed all of the totems together, but the ruling
caste defied that. Such was their privilege. The rulers
isolated themselves more from the commoners by taking
their own totem, Falcon. He served only them, and they
served only him. They followed his ways, for Falcon was
regal and majestic as he surveyed their domain.

As it was, the other castes followed their example. Such
was the will of the ruling class. Children of Fenris and
Griffin followed the way of War, holding their own cer-
emonies on battlefields and hunting grounds. Children of
Uktena and Unicorn stayed far away from these violent

18
me

places to practice their mystic arts. Artists would listen to
no muse but Awen, travelers would comfort themselves in
theircommunion with Owl, and the lowliest Garou gnawed
the bones left over from the hunt each day and fought to
survive with the assistance of Rat.

We were forever beneath those whom we served as we
lived in shame and degradation. Our rage began to stir deep
in our hearts, but we would not abandon our honor as Garou.
Honor is the serving of all above the needs of the one, is it
not? They told us we were not worthy of Falcon, and in those
early days, those who served followed the way of lesser god.
Those of us who served as Lords were as the Crow. Our totem
was not strong, but his children watched and listened, gath-
ering scraps and anything bright. That was what obeisance
brought us. We watched and waited... and the storm gath-
ered. The Children of Crow, the Lords, cultivated patience.

Yetas the ruling class became more removed from their
people, there were Lords who envied them. Within their
hearts, they felt ambition. These Lords abandoned their
honor in search of power and became more than kings.
They were the Tyrants: leaders who sought out weak septs
filled with discontent and used them to further their will.
These Lords not only approved of the Impergium, they
reveled in it. They fought to create dynasties. A darker
power drove them to their fate. And we, the Children of
Crow, watched in horror as they were corrupted.

The Carefully Bred Elite

In those early days, most Lords did not wish to rule.
There are more valuable talents required to maintain a
sept. Rulers are often valued for their charisma, wit, beauty
and sagacity, but they cannot do everything. As a sept
grows larger, the rulers become more removed from their
responsibilities. They delegate their authority. The tasks
that were beneath our leaders, the risks that they would
not take, became ours. We shamed ourselves for the good
ofall, for the most loyal Lords would not betray our leaders.
If we were to take on the most difficult duties ourselves, we
would gain praise among our equals, although ultimately
our leaders would take credit for our efforts. *

Our rage grew, yet reason stayed our hand.

For those of us who remained quiet, obedience and
sacrifice were our cardinal virtues. Each society — the
warriors, the artisans, the mystics — has its own secret
knowledge and alliances. So it was with us. Crow circled
slowly. And those few who sought power disgraced them-
selves for the sake of attaining it.

Nonetheless, the Tyrants led the way for other ambi-
tious Garou. It had always been possible for those who were
not of the carefully bred elite to become a ruler, but it was
never easy for them. A warrior or artisan may lead a tribe,
but he then becomesa leader first. So it was with the Garou.
A leader needs statesmen, diplomats and intermediaries.
Without the support of this caste, he can never fully
succeed. The ruling caste had our support, and the Lords

Shadow Lords

a eae -


kept civility. The elite had the most privilege, but we, the
honorable Lords, made it possible. As the elite gained
privilege, they began to acknowledge this fact less and less

Diplomacy
among wolv

and eloquence are human traits, but even

s, the hierarchy is always preserved. The alpha
must appear strong, and so the beta must aid him, watching
behind him as he leads. And in the depths of our hearts, our
lupine instincts told us the value the beta has. In our
discontent, we still retained our instincts. The beta would
always have power... even if the alpha changed. In the septs,

we maintained our careful civility. "Yes, my liege. No, my
liege. How very brilliant of you, my liege. How very good of

you tocompose such a brilliant plan." We bit back our anger.

The Rise of Man

The rulers became more elitist in their choices of slaves.
In the ceremonies at moots, Garou developed a great
contempt for mankind. Breeding with them wasn't enough.
Homid Garou hunted them and harried them for amuse
ment. Those of the lupus breed were the most disdainful,

and in their frenzied bloodlust, they would often kill and

devour humans to sate their more bestial appetites
Whether these victims were "Kin" or not was of little
concern. And even worse, the privileged class, especially
those who bore the privilege of an esteemed lineage,
became even more disdainful of the humans who were not

worthy of sating theirsexual appetites. They hunted them,

captured their loved ones and created more slaves.
Away from these atrocities, men continued to form their
own tribes and develop their own civility. Gaia, who provided
uswith such bounty, considered Man to be one of her creatures
as well. As such, there were men that were not ruled by our
Nation. They lived apart from our breeding stock, in their own
homes and villages. We paid them little mind, for Gaia, in her
beneficence, provided us with far more than we required.
The Garou underestimated Man. How tohandle the tribes
of men became one of the most delicate subjects of discourse.
This fragmented us even more. Although the Lords tried to

preserve unity, the political boundaries over the issue grew

more pronounced. The well-bred elite, the Silver Fangs, once
again asked for the support of the Lords to resolve the dispute.

We did

Jn Shadows

Accunning Beta can control his Alpha. A group of elder
statesmen can easily frustrate the designs of their leaders.
‘Those who keep secrets can turn against the secretive ones
they protect. While the overt structure of the Lords worked
to presetve order, we formed a more elaborate hierarchy
within our private moots. What could not be said before the
said when assembled for our own purposes.

other tribes was

The summit of a mountain, the privacy of a cave, the
hidden island within aswamp— these were all secret places
for our true moots, our shadow moots. We had no need of


the other castes, and we feared our leaders. Away from their
madness, we would make are our own law. Far from their
divisiveness, we would follow our own reason and speak
openly of the disaffection that stirred in our hearts.

This was the true beginning of the Shadow Lords.

Our Gaffling crows were our eyes and ears, gathering
information. So too were our No Moons, who knew the ways
of theft and trickery. We formed our own group of Shadow
Mystics, who used the spirits to benefit our conspiracy. The
bards and storytellers who secretly worked for us docu-
mented the law and would discuss our own interpretations of
it. And should the need arise, those with prowess in battle
studied their own violent methods of political reform.

We were the kingmakers. We were the masters of
politics, the finders of secrets, and the most eloquent of
diplomats. And though our strength in the public eye was
great, our hidden strengths were even greater.

The End of the Jmpergium

Man made war against the Garou. He had no claws, but
he had the weapons he used while hunting. He had no Gifts,
but his armies grew larger and his tactics more cunning

You've heard the truth about what happened. Those who
were to become the Red Talons organized the lupus Garou as
one and swore to wipe out this inferior race. The peacekeepers
tried to unify all Garou in the name of peace, no longer
exclusively regarding themselves as Children of the Unicorn,
but as Children of Gaia. The artisan caste and the warrior
caste, the messengers and the Gnawers of Bones, the outraged
women who formed the Furies and the isolationists who
formed the Stargazers each had their own political opinions.

The Lords prepared to wage covert war against mankind
Thus we would support the body politic. While the Gaians
would negotiate peace, we would stealthily eliminate the
human leaders. Our Stormerows would watch the maneu-
vering of their troops, our tricksters would infiltrate their
villages and report to us, and our human Kinfolk would assist
us in our campaigns. We knew what really occurred between
our two races. If we failed, our leaders would denounce us,
but as Lords, as Children of Crow, we would gain honor:

The Silver Fangs still debated the issue. At Silver Fang
moots and convocations, sept leaders discussed their poli-
cies. Aswas their habit, they publicly postured and said that
they would pursue honorable dealings with mankind, but
they covertly supported the efforts of the Lords. Openly,
they spoke highly of how eloquently the newly formed tribe
of the Children of Gaia formed their treaties of peace, but
quietly, they told the leaders of the Red Talons and the Get

to defend the septs and retaliate if we were attacked.

Thus they continued their tradition: saying this to one
group and that to another, and believing both and neither.
Thus the Silver Fangs failed to take decisive action, and the
other factions demanded a decision. The Get and Talons
wanted war, and yet they had a compromise. The Children of
Gaia wanted peace, and yet they had no way to enforce it. The


Silver Fangs wanted to appear wise, and yet they were made to
look weak. Andas our part of the compromise, we... were loyal.

The Garou formed their political factions as a way to
resolve the issue. The result was the Great Concord, the
most important decision in history.

The Concord

Those who spoke of peace worked quickly. The Gaians
sided with the Furies, who in turn sided with a group of
mystics who had become so removed from the political furor
that they had lost themselves in contemplation. This third
tribe, the Stargazers, sided with the Furies and Gaians and
took their grievances to the Silver Fangs. In one sept, then,
the home of one foolish Silver Fang King, the issue was to
be decided in an "honorable" way: by Gamecraft. The future
of our world was to be decided by a game. The Silver Fangs
were mustering troops for our "defense" and covertly autho-
rizing the shadow war of the Lords, yet one Silver

He lost, and in so doing, conde
death.

ably with men, they in

In return, the trib

our breeding stock, and a vig
The Concord was thé
manded. We had divided into tribés. The Lords were to be
the keepers of the ruling caste's law, called the Litany, and
within each tribe, the castes became auspices. There was no
more need for a warrior caste, for each tribe had Ahroun;
there was no more need for a mystic caste, for each tribe had
Theurges, and so on.

Along with these distinctions came the earliest form of the
Veil. The Silver Fangs, believing in their own lies of "honor"
and "respect," decided to let mankind prosper. We would
keep our flocks and watch over our herds, but the civilization
of the Garou and civilizations of men would exist side by side.
We were to learn from them. The Gaians, preaching love and
trust, would help them form their earliest civilizations.

Their rivals felt betrayed. The Red Talons were furious.
They prowled around our septs and flocks, hoping for war.
Since their activities were quite overt, their rivals quickly
maneuvered against them. The Get were outraged. They
wanted battle and instead had a treaty of peace. Yet they
would not openly fight their brethren, because they did not
want a civil war against the other tribes.

Chapter One: Beautiful Lies

Jai

eae SS Ao EM EAP CE

And the Lords were... loyal. We attacked.

The Silver Fangs were quick to denounce our activities.
In fact, they were quick to deny any involvement, accusing
us of betraying their wise plan. From moot to moot, the
pronouncement was made. The Lords had disobeyed and
betrayed the Silver Fangs. They formally denounced our
conspiracy against them.

Our rage was boundless.

No longer would we openly support the fools that
deigned to rule us. We espoused that a Garou of any tribe
could become king, for the Silver Fangs were no longer
worthy. We challenged the law, cursed our rulers and
openly declared ourselves to be lords of the shadows, that
we were forevermore to be Shadow Lords.

Divided
The Garou set upon a great journey, and each political
alliance tore itself from the others. The loyal tribes were to
the various cultures of, an, some with the blessings

ers, and some with their disdain. The tribes
— each tribe foll6wed its own way and found its

Transylvania lps. Our Alphas
entrol of the various human trib

Nation. This camptook to the Far East, where one society
of Shadow Lords would isolate their culture from the
western world. They were to form the Hakken Garou, a
society of Japanese Shadow Lords who would reject the
ways of their western brethren. Their story is much like
ours, but our story remains in the West.

The Tempest

In the midst of this, those of us who had followed Crow
discovered the bliss that had led the Tyrants astray. Our
discontent, our disaffection, and the hatred we had gained
through countless generations of pursuing the honor of
the Garou fueled our anger. We had been civil, reason-
able, restrained and... loyal. Our mystics set forth on their
own path to power. Though our Stormcrow Gafflings were
useful, the Shadow Mystics wanted to serve a greater force.
In studying the elements, they gained an affinity to the
anger and turmoil of the storm. In studying the ways of
battle, they took upon themselves the aspects of thunder

21

|


ae AA

and lightning. In their journeys through the Umbra, they
sought out that which Crow served.

There was an older god that dictated where Crow would
travel, a darker god. His was the way of discontent. His was
the way of anger, the way of vengeance and the will to
power. The renegades of our tribe who became Tyrants
and served their own glory had known of him, but now
their totem called to the rest of us as well. Thus began our
glorious ascension under Grandfather Thunder.

See now the tempest that stirs above you. Darkness is your
way, the way of shadows. Thus shall you hold discontent as
your ally, fear as your friend, doubt as your weapon and the
respect that comes from power as your destiny. You burn, and
the heavens answer your anger with the sound of thunder.

The Lie is Complete

We formed our alliance to prevent weak leaders from ever
taking power again. Those of us who supported the ruling class
showed complicity with their ways and shamed ourselves. The
Shadow Lords renewed their study of the ways of politics. The
Tyrants of the Impergium were pure, for they had followed
both Gaia and a darker god, the Lord of Thunder. Our insight
came from discontent, and the anger of generations stirred our
emotional tempest. We no longer supported the weak, but
instead built up the strong. The ways have changed.

And every last word of my fairy tale isa lie, for it must
not be spoken. The open way, the revered story is the way
of truth, but we deny it, and thus we follow our beautiful
lie. Now you can begin to understand.

Finally... the rain. I thank you for carefully listening to
my tale. I would also ask you to leave the way you came. You
will find that your blade is no longer with you. While you
listened, my ally took the klaive which you in turn acquired
from the caern warder of our sept. Such is your punishment
for striking me. You must learn to respect your elders.

Ah! Don't get up! The scratches on my face are now
healed, and I feel my vision returning in the eye you slashed.
I have defeated you, and you are shamed. You would once
more raise your claws against me? Would you dare follow me
as I leap from this precipice? I am a servant of Crow, and he
would carry me to safety. Know now that you have been
defeated by Vaclav Stormcrow, Galliard of the Shadow Lords.

The ‘Civilized'
Western World

There are 17 different things a guy can do when he lies to give
himself away. A guy's got 17 pantomimes —a woman's got 20,
aguy's got 17 — but if you know them like you know your own
face, they beat lie detectors all to hell.

— Coccotti, True Romance

Okay, kid, so where's the klaive that you were supposed to
bring me? Perhaps you should tell me the truth this time. Let's
go over your story again. You were supposed to fetch me the

klaive of the Fianna caern warder as part of your Rite of
Passage. Instead, you tell me that you met with a Shadow
Lord Galliard named "Vaclav." He set up a diversion by
telling you lies, and a Ragabash stole the klaive from you.
Although I am acquainted with all of our allies in this sept
and the surrounding country, I've never heard of this name.
Vaclav? I don't know of a Shadow Lord named Vaclav.

Are you taken with fever? Perhaps you should lie down.
Let me pour you something soothing to drink.

I should tell you what really happened: You never met
that Garou, and you did not hear that story. In fact, you
never stole that klaive, and its owner has obviously mis-
placed it. I have not seen it, and you have not seen it.
Therefore, we are both innocent.

Absinthe? No? Perhaps later. You shouldn't worry so
much. I'm sure you have the makings of an Alpha. If you
succeed, you will seek out a caern, begin the slow process
of stirring up dissent and seize power. Of course, if you
choose the way of Crow, you can begin to serve someone
in the tribe who is stronger than you. You will learn these
things. You will learn the triumph of becoming an Alpha
or the honor of becoming a Crow and serving one.

A Pure Worle

Recognizing true leadership is what the Shadow Lords
are all about. Before human history began, the Alphas of
our tribe, the Lords of the Summit, were unfettered by the
human concept of civility. Wherever there was discon-
tent, the Lords seized power and ruled without restraint.
They had their rightful place among the creatures of Gaia
— at the top! They ruled with absolute glorious tyranny,
much to the envy of their fiercest rivals, the ones who
would become the Silver Fangs...

You look perplexed. Have you been listening to lies
again? The Earth wasa glorious place during the Impergium,
a world where a Shadow Lord could create a dynasty that
would last for centuries. Then the Silver Fangs ruined it
all. They had this ludicrous idea called "chivalry." Yousee,
we were all "unchivalrous" because we wouldn't let the
lesser creatures, the humans, have their own civilization.
They listened to a lot of nonsense about forming a civili-
zation alongside the humans, a coexistence based on
"love" and "mutual respect."

Look where it got us. The humans have polluted the
Earth, destroyed Gaia, and fed the Wyrm until the coming
of the Apocalypse... that's what trust will bring you. That's
the story of human history. Humans are far more mon-
strous than the Garou ever were. You look skeptical. Do
you doubt me?

Start sipping that absinthe, kid, and we'll get drunk on
history together.

22 Shadow Lords

Uff IF

C etiiemeny 7 /


uy "

Contesting Cribes
ano Contesting Joeas

After the Concord, the Lords established their own
homelands and contested with other tribes for portions of
Eastern Europe. The Get sided with the most barbaric
tribes to the north of us, while the Furies watched over the
Grecian lands to the south of us. The Lords were caught
between them. In those: days, our Alphas fiercely con
tested with each other for everything they could get. In our
homelands, the Thracian and Illyrian tribes were the most
successful. They thrived by contesting with other tribes
and launching into wars against their neighbors.

While the tribes to north fought, the Lords in the south-
emmost part of the continent were able to infiltrate the
tribes that would establish Ancient Greece. We thrived on
politics as always, and so we learned a lot from the humans.
There are some who will tell you that Ancient Greece was
oh-so-noble because it developed democracy. Nonsense.
The most fascinating innovation in Greece was the concept
of despotism. The word has been twisted around in recent
times. In the beginning, despotism required (or at least
implied) the consent of the people living under it. A despot
watching over his people was like a master being kind to his
slaves. And Garou know all about slaves. Many of us yearned

for the days when we were closer with our Kinfolk. While the
Furies take credit for the culture of Ancient Greece, but we
were there to learn from Athenian despotism at its finest
Mankind had so much to teach us.

Just as there were despots, there were conquerors who
advanced human civilization through brilliant politics
and military strategy. Greece would never have attained
glory if it wasn't for Alexander the Great. Our Kinfolk
from Macedonia and surrounding areas— who had learned
military tactics under Alexander's father, Philip — rallied
behind him. His conquest of the Persian Empire led to the
beginning of the Hellenistic Age. More importantly,
Alexander served as a paragon of human leadership. Over
1500 years later, Machiavelli was to use Alexander as one
of his finest examples of statesmanship.

Alexander's death at the age of 33 was followed by civil
war, yet because of him, Greek culture spread throughout
Europe and beyond. On his deathbed, he gathered his

generals around him. Eager to follow his example, one of his
generals wanted to know who his successor would be. "To
whom," he asked, "do you leave your empire?" Alexander
responded with his last words: "To the strongest." His words
proved to be prophetic, and history has echoed them

In the Hellenistic age, an age of Greek enlightenment,
philosophers formed the earliest treatises on politics. If
you want to innovate, begin by studying the classics.
Aristotle, for instance, began to predict the evolution of
human politics. He spoke of three kinds of government:
monarchy, aristocracy and polity (a type of democracy).

|


Seer rw renee caren nave are er rem smarrenseerenrh

Each depended on the size of the ruling class. If any of
these forms of government became selfish, they would
evolve to tyranny, oligarchy or ochlocracy (a type of mob
tule). Yet our motives were never selfish. We knew how
strong leaders made their countries strong, and so did the
humans. What Aristotle disdained, humanity practiced.
We honored the Veil and watched Ancient Greece fall.

If only Aristotle had the wisdom his teacher, Plato. He
understood us better. Shadow Lord Kinfolk listened to his
lectures about the need for philosopher-kings. Men could
not govern themselves, and so a few pure leaders had to rise
above the dross of humanity and rule through reason. Of
course, we learned to be eminently reasonable. We were
told by the Silver Fangs to learn from human civilization,
and we were avid scholars. We learned that Ancient Greece
wouldn't have given way to the Roman Empire if they had
been stronger. By 146 B.C., the Romans had conquered the
Greeks. The Furies have never forgiven us, but we will not
hesitate to give humanity the credit for its own evolution.

The Glory of Rome

While Ancient Greece was in decline, some Lords of the
Summit sided with the tribes that established Ancient
Rome. The Glass Walkers are eager to take credit for the
Roman Empire. Ifa Glass Walker Goodfella sticks a gun to
your face and tells you his Sicilian ancestors were part of
the Roman Empire, it's best to agree with him, but the
Glass Walkers didn't follow the political developments of
Rome like we did. The vampires like to take a great deal of
credit as well, but you don't honestly think the senate
always met at night, now, do you? The Shadow Lords
continued to study the classics. Nero, Caligula, Trajan —
it wasn't hard to learn from the human varieties of tyranny.

While Rome grew, our Alphas were in fierce competi-
tion with each other in septs north of the Roman Empire
and throughout Eastern Europe. Behind the scenes, we set
one sept against another, conquering territory one genera-
tion and losing it to a competing Alpha the next. It was
glorious. Rather than remaining content to keep our Kin-
folk as one people, we bred with many rival tribes. We were
evolvingasa people, and in the true spirit of the Impergium,
the tribes of humanity set themselves against one another
to evolve as well. Of course, in accordance with the
Concord, we preserved the Veil, but each rise and fall of a
rival political power was the subject of endless debate in
Shadow Lord moots. We continued to study them.

Then, in the second century A.D., there was a shift in
power. The Roman Emperor Trajan showed us his humanity.
The Geto-Dacian Empire in our homelands was growing strong,
and so Trajan sent his troops north to prove he was stronger.
Though his rule was tyrannical, he used his strength to conquer
the tribes to the north of the empire. Never before or since this
time period have our homelands been more unified. While the
Roman Empire was never able to fully subjugate our culture,
their strong leadership united our lands... for a while.

Weak leaders who were to follow him undermined the
stability of Rome. When the Roman Empire withdrew
from our lands in the third century, we could see the
beginning of the empire's decline. Strong leaders ex-
panded the empire and grew stronger; weak leaders allowed
their territories to break into factions and destroy them-
selves through rivalry. When Constantine created a second
capital in 330, the empire was divided once more, and we
were saddened at the decline of a great civilization. As
Rome declined, another powerful civilization grew.

The Dark Ages

At first, the Byzantine Empire held just as much promise
as the Roman Empire. We were content to leave them to
their own devices. They slowly formed a civilization that
glorified a corrupt bureaucracy. The proclamations of their
government were held as representative of the will of heaven
on Earth, but the rulers of the empire had little control over
the ‘corruption that spread. The administration of their
empire profited greatly from the taxation and subjugation of
their people. The vampires who controlled the Byzantine
Empire profited as well. It is said that the Ventrue and
Assamites both helped this system prosper. Still, as long as
the vampires exploited their people in the Middle East, we
were content that they chose to ignore our Kinfolk nearby.

The Garou who remained separate from the great em-
pires of the ages watched other aspects of humanity's
evolution. Up-and-coming Lords had a variety of contest-
ing tribes from which to choose. We developed a wide range
of Kinfolk — Alani, Goths, Huns, Slovenes, Croats, Serbs,
Bulgars — we became "cultured." Our tribe has never been
based on the "racial purity" that others espouse. We could
see how that was already destroying the isolationist Silver
Fangs. Alphas gained favor and lost it as their herds con-
tested. The Bulgars chose to establish their own political
state, while the Slavs sided with the emperor in Byzantium.
Their Turkish allies were to become a threat later on....

Conquerors — and their lesser known advisors — de-
fined the politics of our homelands in the Dark Ages that
followed the Fall of Rome. Shadow Lord Galliards have
been known to tell elaborate stories about these leaders.
Countries were founded by men who had the initiative to
conquer. There was Stephen the First, who conquered the
region of Moldavia in the early 11th century. Radu Negru
crossed the Transylvanian Alps in the early 14th century
and established the sovereign nation of Wallachia. Our
people were becoming strong, and at the behest of the
Garou Nation, we let them prosper on their own.

The Rise of
the Ottoman Empire

All great things come to an end, and in the mid-15th
century, Constantinople fell to the Turks. The Ottoman.
Empire replaced the Byzantine bureaucracy, but the vam-

24 Shadow Lords

Y (ff EPUB. LP) CLL ELT EET ED, NEPAD LS


pires still kept power. There are young Lords who dutifully
recite that the Fall of Constantinople in 1453 brought the
end of the Dark Ages. We suspect that the true forces
behind this may have involved the vampires, but then
again, who are we to say? We had other interests. The
many cultures of our homelands were enough to keep us
occupied.

Yet the Turks in Constantinople soon contested with
our people for our territory. The same armies that spread
across most of Europe took our lands from us. Around
Wallachia, nation-states fell to the encroaching Ottoman
Empire. We were told that the "blood taxes" of human

children they took were for their Jannisary troops, but

undoubtedly some children were used for other purposes

The Ottoman Empire was the greatest threat that our
homelands faced, much greater than the two centuries of
Roman occupation. We understood the Romans, but the
Turks had no sympathy for our people. There were Lords
working in the midst of the Roman Empire, but the
Ottoman Empire was a mystery to us. It would take heroes
to respond to their cruelty. The peoples of Wallachia and
the neighboring strengths wanted justice, rulers who could
drive back the Turks. Again, humanity confirmed what
we already knew: Only the strong survived. Not surpris-

ingly, the strongest leader at this time wasn't human at all.

Dladimir Draculea

His name was Vlad Draculea, but the people knew him
as Vlad Tep
little part of history. Tyrants often do best for themselves

— Vlad the Impaler. I'm sure you know this

when the people of their countries are unhappy. So it was
with Vlad. For some, he was a national hero. After all,
wasn't he merely trying to bring our great nations together
again? Didn't the people of Wallachia want to reunite
with their Moldavian and Transylvanian cousins?

Vlad Tepes of Clan Tzimisce was ruthless in his ascen-

dancy. Of that, there is no doubt. Yet among the Lords, there
was controversy. Most of the Wallachian Lords supported
him, but Lords in neighboring regions were horrified. The
actions of Crinos shock troops who were at his disposal
resulted in even more horrific rumors of his fearful cruelty. Yet
in neighboring septs, other Lords were appalled to see their

tribemates resort to such extremes. Siding with an agent of the
Wyrm? How could they do such a thing?

The Lords who sided with Vlad Tepes did it because
they respected his power. Vlad the Impaler was a prime
example of a tyrant. The people were desperate to side
with anyone who would liberate them. The Lords who
supported him preferred his sense of style to the less
elegant methods of the Ventrue and Assamites. He re-
fused to pay their blood taxes, he butchered the emissaries
who tried to convince him otherwise and he made his
message to them quite clear. If words were not enough, his
deeds spoke stronger. Fields of human heads on wooden
stakes were just one such method of expression.

Sere rm en caren eer er rememnrwrenamnrenrh

a AA

The Lords of the surrounding regions were outraged.
Wallachia's Sept of the Night Sky was continually responding
to accusations from surrounding septs that their alliance with
such an obvious agent of the Wyrm was a blasphemy even the
Shadow Lords could not endure. The surrounding septs uni-
fied against the sept, and the supporters of Vlad Tepes of Clan
Tzimisce fell under the claws of their Shadow Lord rivals.

Without the support of the Shadow Lords, what would have
been the dynasty of Vladimir Draculea fell before the onslaught
of the Ottoman Turks. The Sept of the Night Sky fell to the
Wyrm, and our homelands fell further under the subjugation of
our oppressors. The Tzimisce assaulted us as well out of re-
venge, and the epic battles between our two societies were
fought openly in our homelands. We lost any semblance of
control that we had over our lands and our people.

The Veil was shattered. The Lords any
fought without restraint. The two exei
respective races — the truest of vampires a1
werewolves — began centuries of bloody warfare. With
the Veil so precariously thin, accounts of our epic bat
in the Balkan lands were twisted by the Delirium in:
classic legends of our respective races.

The Madness Contin

Our war against the Tzimisce cot
faced opposition from a much str
Ventrue found other allies, aband,
Assamites to form the Camaril]
Soon, the Tzimisce were
against them to fight as fi

ties with ¢
- 15th centu
busy crusadit

destroyed. Michael th
century, achieved so:
lands. Under his rule,
were all one country agaift,
other puppets to oversee these areas. We tu
other in our frustration
Our lands were
oppressors chang
tury later, the agents' toman Empire in the Balkan
States were Grecian princes known as phanariots. The
feudal lords of the region, the boyars, kept local control, but

the aristocratic leaders of the region required the support of

the phanariots. This continued until 1821, when an Anti-
Phanariot revolt, led by a Shadow Lord Kinfolk named
Tudor Vladimirescu, convinced the Ottoman sultan to
appoint native governors. The people were ready to side
with anyone to throw off the yoke of oppression, even
though the Turks still held control. Humans never learn.

Russian Influence

‘The'Silver Fangs laughed at our miserable fate. They
desired to gain one more chance to humiliate our Lords
and our land, and so they contested with the Ottoman

Empire for control of our territory. Under the pretense of
"rescuing" us, they used our lands asa battleground against
the Ottoman Empire. As we were divided and spiritually
defeated, they reclaimed the Sept of the Night Sky from
the Wyrm in the late 19th century and began to campaign
against the Ventrue alliance to the south. By this time, the
Ventrue and Assamites had formed the Treaty of Tyre,
and the additional backing of the Camarilla had changed
the crusade of the Silver Fangs into a futile cause.

Once again, the people were hungry for tyrants to liberate
them, and by a cruel twist of fate, this time they had the
backing of the Silver Fangs. The Russians could not destroy
lentless in their efforts against
cond was one of our liberators.
nd the court of Catherine, for de-
Silver Fangs, she wasan "enlightened
y other. In public moots, the Silver
rebirth of chivalry, yet we knew better.
e Russo-Turkish War of the early 18th.

fighting our enemies in our own lands as we
in power struggles against each other.

venge against them. By the end of the 19th
century, ilver Fangs and their Russian aristocracy had
sufficiently entertained themselves by fighting the Ottoman
Empire in our homelands. We made reparations to both
e Balkan War of the early 20th century repelled the
d as for the Russians, we decided to meddle in their
evolutionaries, with a little bit of help, brought
he royal family, and in true Machiavellian fashion,
m. The Bolshevik Revolution brought an
and the eminence of the Silver
' continued by Brujah vam-
nd Bone Gnawer werewol¥es — with a little bit of
assistance — as they overthrew the aristocracy and
ht about a new form of oppression: Communism.
t up in age-old disputes to
munist takeovers of the Balkan nations.
ide of our homelands, our infiltrators were in septs
ughout the world, but within our tribe, our Alphas
Id not find a leader. The political theatre of the Balkan
states was as tumultuous as ever, as the people were eager
for more powerful leaders. They found them. The Com-
munist powers that came from the failed homelands of the
Silver Fangs corrupted our lands as well.

Without unity, we were powerless. Shadow Lord tyrants
who seized power as individuals could not stand against
their myriad enemies. We had fallen to the same foolish
temptations that had defeated the people of our tribal
lands. Repeatedly, outside forces kept us divided, and the
hostility and rage that were an integral part of our souls kept
us apart. The humans knew this practice as "balkanization."
Without central authority, without a strong leader, and
with interference from outside forces, petty fighting made
unity an impossibility. We had to learn stronger methods,
and so we once again learned from the humans.

Shadow Lords

A ———

een



Movern-Day Evolution

During the 20th century, the science of tyranny contin-
ued to evolve. In the failed country of the Silver Fangs,
Joseph Stalin perfected dictatorship, a way fora tyrant who
has quickly gained power to keep it by repeatedly waging
war. The Communist Nations taught us crimes and horrors
we would have never conceived in the Impergium. Totali-
tarianism kept corrupt rulers in power by denying people
even the most rudimentary of freedoms. Sexual oppres-
sion, religious oppression, cultural control, media
propaganda — we were relics of the past, for humans had
learned methods that far exceeded our old ways.

History has taught us that only the strong survive, but
it has also taught us the value of unity. We are still
learning, and one victory in the 20th century has given us
hope. We turned to our oldest rivalry to renew our strength.
As part of his infamous "shadow campaign," Boris
Thunderstrike, Lord of the Summit, conspired and con-
quered against the Silver Fangs who ruled the Sept of the
Night Sky in Wallachia. His call to unity inspired us.
Once we were unified, we began to ascend once more. His
victory inspired us, and in the face of the Apocalypse, our
tribal alliance has brought our age-old glory back to us.
Our homelands are still divided. Humanity is still waging
war against itself, just as we did in the wake of our war with
the Tzimisce. The butchery of Ceaucescu, the genocidal
crusades of the Serbs and Croats, the hatred and bigotry and
pettiness of our people has remained after millennia of
oppression and subjugation. Our rage comes from a land
where humans have been continually divided. We learned
from the humans all too well. Now we are desperately
fighting for tribal unity. If we cannot heal our homelands,
then we will exact our rage on the world as one tribe.

Shame

No, I'm just quoting history. It's written. It's a fact...
Now, if that's a fact, tell me: Am I lying?

— Cliff, True Romance

Ten thousand years ago, the noblest and most chival-
rous Garou trusted humanity with civilization. The renegade
Lords who became tyrants were a threat to them, and so

a 7 ee

they preferred to uphold the virtues of humanity. The idea
that humanity would uphold civility was the greatest lie of
all. In our homelands, we've learned all about humanity.

As the Wyrm grew stronger, and as the Apocalypse
drew closer, humanity revealed itself as the bestial race it
truly was. The divisiveness of our homelands was only one
small part of humanity's corruption. No supernatural
entity needs to take credit for humanity's horrors —
they've evolved the science of tyranny on their own. The
20th century has shown us Batista, Castro and Marcos;
Stalin, Mao-Tse Tung and Deng Xiao Ping; Hussein,
Hitler and Mussolini. The real beasts of the 20th century
have been all too human. No Wyrm spirits possessed
them, and no demons controlled them.

There are those who would look back on the Impergium
in horror. The monstrous race of the Garou subjugated
humanity. The renegade Lords who took up tyranny
conquered and plundered. But the Earth was pure, obeying
Gaia's will. Human civilization has brought horrors far
greater.

Our rivals claim that we wish to subjugate all of cre-
ation. Suppose we did decide that and succeeded. Suppose
we wanted to bring the Impergium back. Could our meth-
ods possibly exceed what the humans have already done to
themselves? The human race has shown us its hunger for
tyranny, just as the failure of the Silver Fangs has shown
us the folly of chivalry. The Lords who speak of the
Tyrants of the Impergium know of the glory of a purer age.
Our conspiracy brings unity, and the Apocalypse brings
the chance for a new age. You, my drunken friend, are an
agent of that conspiracy. The world is filled with corrup-
tion and deceit. It requires a warrior like you.

And by the way, kid, here's your klaive back. Perhaps
you should take it back to its owner before you get caught.
You've learned a fair amount about history, but you've got
a lot to learn about watching your back. Did you like the
absinthe? In about 10 seconds, you're going to pass out.
Know that you have been defeated by Tongue-of-Acid,
Ragabash of the Shadow Lords.

Chapter One: Beautiful Lies 27


esteemed, being often forced, in order to maintain the state, to
act contrary to fidelity, friendship, humanity, and religion
Therefore, it is necessary for him to have a mind ready to turn
itself accordingly as the winds and variations force it, yet... not
to diverge from the good if he can avoid doing so, but, if
compelled, then to know how to go about it

Machiavelli, The Prince

Hey! Wake up! You should know better than to fall asleep q otems

ina rainstorm! Damn, you're pretty messed up, aren't you?
Get up. I know you're in pain, but you have to get on your I'm not running.

feet. If you don't get up and fight, this is all life will give you. Lm-not scared

You're covered in mud and shivering. This is what you are

Big black monsoon,

Take me with you

— PJ. Harvey, "Meet Ze Monster"

The very forces of the Earth conspire with us. You
require the truth, and the truth you seek can be found in the
center of a raging tempest. The way of shadow and the

without your tribe: alone and in pain. This is all the world can
give you. It wants to bend you to its will. Your world was once

apure world —Gaia's world — but now, it'sa world where our

And you have to understand this: that a prince, especially a
new one, cannot observe all those things for which men are |

race is dying.
It's time for you to fight back.
The strong rule. The weak die. If you walk with me, and

; ame, an" power of the storm are as one.
learn the ways of your tribe, I'll show you how to fight. I'll POWSF ¢ sp CBE

The storm calls to you. The sacred places of the Earth that
we take as our own are holiest when the tempest rages. The
winds that howl are cold, cold as our hearts when our prey

show you who yourallies really are. Know that you have been
aided by Veil-of-Darkness, Theurge of the Shadow Lords.

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics


pleads for mercy. The driving rain surrounds us, just as false
accusations and imprecations are relentlessly driven against
us. The skies are bleak, bleak as our future once was when the
nobles placed us beneath men and surrendered our world to
them. The growing tempest heralds the storm's fury.

As a Shadow Lord, you are at the center of that storm.
Just as Gaia is your spiritual mother, the Lord of Thunder
is your spiritual father. You are caught between the Earth
and the heavens above. In the distance, my child, you will
hear the sound of thunder.

Walk with me, child.

Grandfather Thunder

Grandfather demands respect and exacts fear. These are
the two elemental forces of the world. All else is diversion.
The Lords of Shadow feel that in their hearts, and each peal
of thunder echoes with the purity of that power.

Those who would make their souls one with the fury of the
storm have risen above shame. When our destiny was sacri-
ficed for a world of men, when the Great Concord brought the
pure age of the Impergium to an end, we called to the heavens
for succor. When we were first cast out and betrayed, we
howled to the skies to answer our cries for vengeance. Grand-
father answered, He answered then, and he answers now.

His is the path of patient vengeance. The storm does not
gather quickly. A fool will ignore it, but a wise man will sense
it coming and either prepare for the assault or set it to his
purpose. The darkening sky is a warning, and the anticipation
in the air heralds the inevitable. The foolish man thinks that
the storm only brings destruction, but the wise man under-
stands its true purpose. Those who are weak, those who cannot
endure it, must hide from the fury of the storm.

His way is the reason hidden beyond pain. In the greatest of
tempests, Grandfather's wisdom will come to you. As you find
yourself on the field of battle, where all is madness awash in
blood, the fury of the tempest will give you guidance. In the

raging storm, when all fails and you grasp at the heavens and

scream, Grandfather will answer you in the depths of your
anguish and despair. The truths you seek lay in the darkness of
your heart, and if you can answer your passion with the wisdom
tounderstand it, there, in the purity of pain, you will find truth.

Grandfather does not soar through the skies — he domi-
nates the heavens. Higher than Eagle, higher than Falcon, he
is the gray sky that chills the soul, the wind that tears at the
heart. Nothing stops the storm, and if you follow Thunder, you
must stop atnothingas youascend. In the gathering storm, and
in the aftermath, you hover above your servants. Seeking the
greatest heights, wreaking vengeance on those beneath you,
the way of Thunder is the will to power.

Crow

The greatest of us are one with the storm, yet not all of us
can reach such ambitious heights. Our servants aspire for what
they can attain. Those who would not follow the path of their


ne A Ae

own ambition must serve those who can. Grandfather has sent
his children, his Stormcrows, to watch over these errant ones
as they aid him. These loyal Garou are the servants of Crow.
Crow is not regal, nor is he proud. He is a scavenger, an
opportunist, a lowly creature who seeks out that which glitters.
Value is not a concept he understands. If something catches
his eye, he will take it. His superiors will then show him the
value of things. He must scavenge and scour the Earth, but he
must bring what he finds to the wise ones who guide him.
That is the role of Crow in the order of things, and if his
followers understand that, they understand their role in the
world. Donot think that they are weak. On the battlefield, Crows
circle to torment the very spirits of the dead — that is hardly
weakness. Their honoris the sacrifice of the one toward the many.
By lowering themselves, our servants of Crow serve the ultimate
ascension of their tribe. They are undeniably loyal, and their
unquestioning obedience of the Lords gives makes us stronger.

Raven

Raven is the trickster and keeper of secrets. Raucous and
boisterous, self-confident and mocking, he follows his own
way. His triumph comes from understanding deception. Yet
even he must watch the changing of the wind. In his positive
aspect, he is a protector. He knows the ways of deceit and will
protect those who scheme against you. In his negative aspect,
he is the force of katabolism, the bringer of change through
destruction. Those who follow Raven taken both of these
aspects. Treat them well, and they will aid your triumph.

Camps

Your spirit is reflected by the dark skies above you, but your
allies are found in the camps around you. Although the Lords
are the most unified Garou, there is a wide range of philoso-
phies within our tribe. The different camps of the Shadow
Lordsall serve one ultimate goal—theascension of our people
over any who would oppose us — but their methods for
attaining this goal vary widely. Some misled Garou think that
the Lords are little more than a group of tyrants who would
readily betray each other for the slightest chance of gaining
power. This misconception serves our cause well.

Allof the camps of the tribe share acommon philosophi-
cal ground: Power is more respectable than personal honor.
In the public eye, personal honor is viewed as a diversion
from the goals of the tribe, since "sacrificing the self for the
good of all" is the best way to promote our people. Any
power gained by an individual serves the whole of the tribe.
We cannot repeat the mistakes made in our homelands. We
shame ourselves when we turn against each other, but we
glorify our tribe when we engage in conspiracy.

There is an old saying among the Japanese Garou: "There
are many paths to the summit of a mountain." The different
divisions of our tribe, the camps, follow different paths. Not
every one leads to the summit, buteach one leads ona different
journey. Each camp is watched from the heavens.

Lords of the Summit

The greatest Lords act as leaders. In desperate times, the
Garou Nation cannot be weak, and so any action that will
promote strong leaders is justified. Most Shadow Lords belong
to this camp. They will proudly proclaim that only the most
worthy leaders can lead the war against the Wyrm. Invoking
the Litany, Lords with authority will state that since the
Apocalypse is at hand, there are no longer any illusions of
peace. Their continuous states of "martial law" promote their
tyranny. A Lord of the Summit will do anything to achieve
power, and once he achieves it, he will not sacrifice it for any
reason. These Lords usually hold office until their death.

There are rumors that the most powerful Lords of the
Summit are rewarded by Grandfather with a Gift enabling
them, if necessary, to mask the taint of the Wyrm. Loyal
members of this camp realize that a Shadow Lord leader who has
risked his soul for the sake of his people may have "lapses" in
judgment, butwill ultimately prevail. Sometimes even the taint
of the Wyrm may not be enough to stop such a valiant Lord.

Andrei Night-of-Cerrors,
A Lord of the Summit, Proclaims:

The divisiveness of the tribes is pointless! They must be
unified as one Garou Nation. We have watched the failures of
the other tribes, but now, in the Final Days, the rapid ascension
of the Shadow Lords heralds a new age. The Wyrm will be
extinguished for all time... and our justice will purify the world!

The Bringers of Light

Not all Lords follow the call of ambition. The Bringers
of Light followa different path of conquest. They seek inner
strength by continually testing themselves against the taint
around them. They know that they must become pure, and
as such, they continually place their souls in spiritual
danger. Repeatedly, they seek out the temptation of the
Wyrm and overcome it.

Following the ancient Shadow Lord credo of "sacrificing the
self for the good of all," they undertake hazardous quests to
prove their worth. They have been known to seek out pro-
longed cooperation with Camarillaand Sabbat vampires, lengthy
stays in Black Spiral Hives, and extended journeys through
corrupt realms, such as Malfeas and the Atrocity Realm.

Many Shadow Lords have fallen to such corruption by
following the Bringers of Light, but those who survive such
quests are said to be far more resistant to the lure of the
Wyrm afterwards. These loyal Garou are often awarded
with positions of honor, sometimes even as mediators with
Wyrm-tainted enemies. Some Lords have been known to
forsake their camp or status to become a Bringer of Light.

It is also rumored that leaders within this camp have a
secretive alliance with the Serpents of Light within the
Sabbat. The truth of this is highly dubious.

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics 31

EE ES ay)


:

ae AA

Rage-of-Darkness,
A Bringer of Light, Reasons:

Surely you: would nol: deny iutyour. enemies il have the
capacity to reason. Would you deny yourself the chance to betray
them? Allow me to employ some... reconnaissance on your behalf.
Tama master of my craft. I can obtain for you information about

their numbers and possibly their strategy before the night has passed.

The Children of Crow

Obedient Lords consider serving strong leaders to be an
honorable course of action. Children of Crow follow an
ancient tradition: foregoing the call of ambition for the sake of
political expediency. They gain power by serving those more
powerful than themselves, even if this destroys their public
esteem. Yet Crow gives them powers of detection and percep-
tion other Garou do not possess. Such servants will never
attain positions of authority, but instead sacrifice chance to
gain power for the sake of their own tribe. These Garou are also
fully cognizant that Crow ultimately serves the will of Grand-
father Thunder, yet they trust in Crow's guidance.

Itisrumored that there is anal
of thi

Carol Graycoat,
A Child of Crow,

There are three of them,
Gaffling has tracked them to a mee
city where they received payment from,

The Hakken Garda

These rulers of the Eastern Garou eschew most Western
beliefs regarding politics. A strong ruler in this camp must be
a strong warrior first and foremost. Much of this camp's
philosophy comes from bushido, the code of the samurai.
Western Lords would place personal power over public honor,
but the Hakken place personal honor above power... or even
publicly defined honor. Since this code is different from the
code of honor of the Western Garou, they are considered
Urrah. As such, only the Shadow Lords would extend an
alliance to them. Grandfather Thunder is also sympathetic to
their condition, and thus Hakken possess many of the same
Gifts as their Western Shadow Lord brethren.

Hakken Garou harbor a hidden contempt toward Western
Garou for their failure to oppose the Wyrmas well as they have.
Until the end of the Tokugawa Era in the late 19th century,
theircountry had remained isolated from the corruption of the
Western world. When Japan was first westernized (during the

32
ll ——

Meiji Restoration period), they discovered the true extent of
Wyrm taint in the West. Their adherence to traditional bushi
honor gives them strength. The Hakken are still skeptical of

Western Shadow Lords, but their affinity to Grandfather
Thunder and their hatred of both the Silver Fangs and the
Concord give them common ground.

It is well-known that the Hakken have a strong alliance
with the Kitsune and other hengeyokai shapechangers of Japan.
It is also rumored that there is a group of fallen Hakken who
pursued their own version of the Black Spiral in the 16th
century as part of their service to Lord Nobunaga and his
undead armies.

Inui Storm-of-Kyoto,
A Hakken Garou, Demands:

Your ways are wrong. I will not be bound by your Litany, submit
to your arrogant posturing, or fight in your ludicrous manner. My
honor is not the honor of the Western Garou. I will assist you, but
my role in assisting you must be defined by my rules.

Secret Societies

in their practices. Each tribe has its
, and the Shadow Lords are the most
ret societies. Lords of all camps are aware
critical of Garou cannot

avenue to power: instilling fear.

¢ hideous nature of falsehood is so fanatic

lation upon themselves to inspire

eir dark'arts seek a form of unholy

g foes not through violence, but by

d terror. Shadow Lord Galliards know many

tales of the Masks, and it is whispered that some of the most

nefarious Lords of the Summit have been taught Gifts by the

same spirits that obscure the activities of the Masks.

It is rumored that the Masks have also formed alliance

with a few of the remaining Nictuku, but as only a few

superstitious Nosferatu vampires believe in the presence of
such creatures, the charge is extremely doubtful.

Skin-of-a-Chousand-Cuts,
Acolyte of the Mask, Whispers:

Yes... I taste your fear. Your heart is slowing. I can smell
your adrenaline. The toxins pollute your musculature, but I
prefer my meat that way...

The Society of Nidhogg

This mystic society gains power by studying the elemen-
tal forces of darkness. By their study of weather magic, they
gain a greater communion with Grandfather Thunder.

Shadow Lords

eieeiemney //


However, their fanaticism is so extreme that they also claim
that sunlight itself is a threat to the forces of Thunder. As
such, they gain a gradual revulsion to sunlight and may
ultimately seek to plunge the world into eternal darkness.

It is rumored that this Society secretly works with the
Lasombra clan of the Sabbat, yet others claimed that they
worked against their Shadow Lord brethren in defense of Vlad
Tepes of the Tzimisce. As there are many conflicting accounts
of what transpired between the Shadow Lords and the armies
of the Dracul, this rumor is even more suspicious. The Bringers
of Light detest the followers of Nidhogg, and many Lords who
value their Balkan homelands are disgusted with these traitors.

Force-of-Silence,
A Follower of Uidhogg, Intones:

A sacrifice... to Lord Thunder! Your blood is spilled in his
name! Let darkness descend and obscure the light of your false

honor. By His will, so is it done.

The Lazarite Movement

Though most metis bear their shame quietly, some will not
deny their own ambition merely because of their lost birth-
right. The Lazarite Movement began as an obscure attempt to
Just as the Red Talons are composed solely
of lupus, the Lazarites sought to bring political unity to the
metis Garou. While the movement began with the efforts of
ametis Child of Gaia Theurge, ambitious Shadow Lord metis

form a new trik

have since formed splinter groups of the original Lazarites.
Their roving bands of the "unclean" have been known to
descend on septs and either recruit metis into their religious
movement or turn them against their homid and lupus breth-
ren. As the Apocalypse draws near, the Lazarite Movement
has suddenly gained a great deal of support from the desperate

metis population. Whether the Shadow Lords are behind this
is a matter of debate.

Lost-Son-of-Gaia,
A Cultist of the Lazarites, Announces:

Unclean! Unclean! I will no longer be ashamed to be
unclean! Your sins have made us, and I will no longer bear your
sins. Gaia will still show her love for me, and your hatred shows
nothing but the taint of the Wyrm within you. Yes, you are of the
Wyrm, and so I must oppose you!

Moots

Do you understand? There are hidden truths and public lies.
The moots of the Garou represent their society, but our truths
are held in secret, and so our tribal gatherings glorify that
secrecy. Before you can revile the truth, I must teach you more
of the lies spoken againstus. Public lies protect our secret truths.

Some rivals espouse that each Lord desires to attain as
much power as quickly as possible. We've had millennia to
learn that doesn't work. Seizing power can be done quickly,

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics 33

[FOL PT TE, AT TL IY


Ceased).

Oijremae —— UY.

S

?

SoH

but if a Lord hasn't made preparations for what he's going
to do afterwards, holding on to power is near impossible.
Taking over a sept requires far more than just assassinating
a sept leader. Tyrannies that occur overnight don't last.

There's also the false belief that any Lord would readily
betray any other Lord. Some of the highest ranking Lords,
including the Alphas and the Lords of the Summit, have
always had free reign to compete with each other, but that
doesn't always hold true throughout the lower ranks. Lords
who hold the same level of status may fall into rivalry, but
when our tribe is threatened, we have to get organized quickly.
We understand betrayal, but unifying ourselves against our
rivals is far more important.

We have our own moots for developing our plans.
Shadow moots are the means by which we organize our-
selves against those who would oppose us. They're always
held in secret, as they sometimes involve assistance from
co-conspirators. It's not uncommon for a shadow moot to
actually consist of several lesser moots, as gathering all the
members of a conspiracy in one place can be an extremely
reckless maneuver. Just as there are hierarchies within the
tribe, a "hierarchy" of shadow moots can be arranged to
maintain communication between conspirators. How that
hierarchy is built depends upon the relative status of the
conspirators. The members of a shadow moot ultimately
serve the plans of the tribe, and status keeps them in place.

Status

Status dictates which moots can be attended by which
Shadow Lords. The leader, known as the Grand Master, is
sometimes the only participant who knows which allies are
involved in which moots. He is sometimes assisted by a
Shadow Lord Theurge, or High Priest, who makes sure that the
proper rites of each moot are obeyed. The primary goal of these
meetingsis to pass information from one "cell" of Shadow Lord
sympathizers to another. Each meeting may survive a different
purpose within the overall shadow moot. As long as the
obligatory ceremonies are performed at various meetings, the
other requirements of the overall moot have been satisfied.

Not all of the participants have to show up at the same
time or even in the same place. The term "shadow moot"
also refers to the elaborate social structure of the tribe's
conspiracies, both within the tribe and between the Lords
and their allies. If a Philodox meets with a group of Alphas
and then proceeds to a covert negotiation with a coterie of
vampires, technically, his complicity with the vampires is
an extension of the shadow moot. It is said that "the enemy
of your enemy is your friend," but since nearly every other
tribe despises the Shadow Lords, it is possible for enemies
of the Garou to briefly work as allies of the Lords.

There are also times when a Shadow Lord will make a
sacrifice for the Garou that only other Lords would under-
stand. Shadow moots acknowledge these sacrifices. A Shadow
Lord may gain recognition within his tribe that may not be
revealed to the Garou Nation. This recognition may even


result in temporary Renown, but only if the Rite of Shame is
involved. (For more details, see Appendix One.) This shame-
ful rite is also used when a Lord rises in status within the tribe.
Understanding the levels of status within the tribe can
help a Shadow Lord understand the elaborate methods of
organizing a shadow moot. Who defers to whom at which
time depends on who is held in esteem at that gathering and
who is not. Away from the eyes of those outside the tribe,
this may lead to a series of Facedowns, although it is far
more clever to indulge in a Gamecraft to figure out who is
more devious than whom. Actual duels are extremely rare,
as the tribe values cunning and power far more than
physical prowess in combat. Once the shadow moot is over,
however, the members are unified in one purpose: triumph-
ing over their rivals by any means necessary.

Alphas

Extremely promising Lords are considered worthy of
becoming Alphas, and as such, they have the privilege of
attending any shadow moot. An Alpha would be reckless,
nonetheless, if he chose to attend every one. For one thing,
arival of the Alpha would only have to track or shadow her
to various meetings to find out with whom she is associated
and how the shadow moot is organized. It is more common
for a Lord to assign deferential "proxies" to attend gather-
ings for her. Lords of the Summit are almost always Alphas.

Betas

Although it would be tempting to consider a Beta to be
weaker than an Alpha, that deception often works to their
advantage. A Beta may be more powerful than an Alpha if
he can influence a more powerful Garou. The Shadow
Lords understand that an individual who takes credit for
the success of an operation is not necessarily the individual
who made it succeed. An advisor who can control the
leader he advises can wield a great deal of power.

Ifa Beta is ina sept where the sept leader is not a Shadow
Lord, other Shadow Lords will still secretly treat him as one
of the leaders of the sept. A "second-in-command" can
perform many activities that a leader cannot, since the
leader is usually under greater public scrutiny.

If a leader from another tribe is powerful, a Beta may
choose to support him. If the leader has the approval of the
Shadow Lords, they may also work to aid him (as long as
this ultimately benefits the Lords). If the leader is strong,
the tribe will then gain influence without overthrowing
him. If the leader is weak, the Beta will turn against him,
working without restraint to put an Alpha Shadow Lord or
a "puppet" from another tribe in his place. A Beta who
successfully deposes a sept leader from another tribe may
choose to undergo a Rite of Shame and become an Alpha.
Shadow Lords have a reputation as outstanding mediators
and advisors, and even the greatest rulers know how valuable
it can be to have a Shadow Lord advisor as an ally. Betas can
produce valuable information without revealing their sources

a fe

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics

(and placing the leader in danger) and can protect their
chosen Alphas from conspirators. Nonetheless, the assistance
of a Shadow Lord can also have its price. If the leader falls out
of favor with the Lords, they will move against him. Of course,
the former advisor will then have all the right information at
his disposal to assist with this change.

Crows

Crows hold a level of status below Betas. They perform
similar functions, but always serve as lackeys to Shadow Lords
of higher status. Their loyalty to the tribe is absolute, as their
totem demands such servitude. They care little for status,

instead preferring to measure their own worth by the success

of the Lord they serve. In facts, Crows regard each other based
on who has been more deferential to whose Lord. Ata shadow
moot, a Crow usually stands two paces behind the Lord he or
she serves. If the only individuals present at the shadow moot
are Crows, then the "murder of crows" will defer to each other
based on "whose Lord is more powerful than whose."

Ravens

Ravens are typically tricksters and spies. They value
their personal independence very highly, and as such, are
accorded lower status within the tribe as a whole. A Raven
gains respect by succeeding in covert tasks. The most
successful Ravens either aspire to become Betas or rise toa
position where they control several Ravens at once. This
level of status is a very risky one, as a Raven who is
discovered knows that he must accept personal responsibil-
ity for his actions and may be abandoned by the tribe
temporarily if he gets into too much trouble.

These Lords often tend to spend a great deal of time away
from their tribe. Periodic shadow moots are required so that
the Raven can report to a "higher flying" Raven or Beta.
While they are not regarded with as much reverence as the
other Lords, they don't usually demand it, either. As some
of these Lords associate with individuals who are tainted by
the Wyrm, Bringers of Light make for excellent Ravens.

Cubs and Shadow Moots

It is rare for cubs to gain admission to a shadow moot.
If they do, they are accompanied by a Garou of higher rank
and usually remain fearful and silent. Soon after a cub
completes his Rite of Passage in a sept, the Lords of a
shadow moot may choose to place him through an initia-
tion culminating ina test of his loyalty ora Rite of Shame.

Cultists

Secret societies within the Shadow Lords are viewed
with great suspicion. They will never be eradicated, and
their interpretations of how to best serve the tribe are often
somewhat deviant. A Lord who reveals himself to be a
member of a cult or secret society without good reason
immediately risks losing face within the tribe.

|


Dultures

Though this term is not used among anyone but Shadow
Lords, it is used to refer to Shadow Lord allies who are not
Garou. The secrecy of their involvement with Lordly activities
is even more important than the "deep cover" of Ravens. They
also stand the risk of being rejected by their own people if they
are caught. Gangrel vampires (of both the Camarilla and the
Sabbat), Dreamspeakers, Hollow Ones, and Unseelie chang.
lings have been known to gain respect for holding this level of
status. A vulture attending a shadow moot must have an
"advocate" present to advise him on proper etiquette and speak
for him at times. A vulture may make demands, but they are
entertained at the whim of the highest ranking Shadow Lor

Outcasts

An outcast Garou may still have recourse to gaining audience
with a Shadow Lord, and as such, may temporarily be granted
marginal status. If hecan serve the tribe, he may resume contac!
This is extremely risky, as harboring an Outcast is a very set
offense. If an Outcast is brought before a shadow moot,
with his issue at hand is usually the only agendum,

Shame can dedicate him to a task within the sha

A Word on
Hakken Shadow

There is one "wild card" in the hig
They claim the privilege of being,
Western etiquette, and thus are'
anyone. They will usually respect
will never lead one of their own. They willalways act
sense of honor first, but will rarel
Toward other Garou, they at :
Hakken are known for being uch gatherings
unless enraged. They do have on other advantage within the
structure: They reserve the right tosettlea dispute with a Western
Shadow Lord by trial of arms. It is also acceptable (if suspicious)
for a Hakken Shadow Lord to leave part of a Shadow Moot if his
personal honor prevents him from taking part.

Defying Status and Camp

While the system of status within a shadow moot
strongly reinforces the political unity of camps, a few
exceptional Lords defy the conventions of status. A
Bringer of Light, for instance, could make for an ex-
tremely fanatical Crow, a very dangerous Beta or a
recklessly adventurous Alpha. A Lord of the Summit
would feel shame at being anything other than an Alpha
(and couldneverbecomeaCrow), but couldstill function
asa very ambitious Beta ora very high-flying Raven. Any
Lord drifting outside the expectations of status had best be
damn good at what he does, but ifhe succeeds, the rewards
can be commensurate with the risks.

36 Shadow Lords

a fA ee

Ascendance

The term "shadow moot," then, can refer to the actual
activities of a secret moot or the members of its conspiracy.
The boundaries of where it begins and ends can blur. This
ensures the absolute loyalty of the participants. So is it with
you. Walk with me a little further, child, and I shall show you.

You have been chosen, and you are now in the midst of
your first shadow moot. You have heard elegant stories of
the Impergium and deceitful lies about the history of
mankind. You have matched wits with a Ragabash, taken

‘ge, and conspired with our allie:

arou who stands in the shadows? He
na. Attend closely. He has shamed his
ept. Of course, he would never fight such
efore a moot, and so we have left his
lows. The caern warder wasn't able to fight

and now someone

laive in hand. Observe. The Fianna caern

bound in this clearing. Look! His shieldmate
will even act as a witness to a "duel," if you so desire. Shall
Luntig him for you? Or should I keep him bound? You have
him. How will you use it? This is the test I set
. You have a choice to make. Who will you serve
} Raven or Thunder? Iskilling the eas

solution, or

eart, and answer it. This I give to
at you have been chosen by
Darkness, Theurge of the Shadow Lords.

"tanybody see
"ve got a war to fight,
lever find our way,

Regardless

Of what they say.

How can it feel this wrong?

From this moment, how can it feel this wrong?

— Portishead, "Roads"

My Lord! Come inside. I see from the blood on the sleeve
of your cloak that you are truly one of us. Congratulations. My
Theurge brother has chosen well, even if your solution was a
bit... unusual. Sit before me, and I will complete your instruc-
tion, | am Voice-of-Reason, Philodox of the Shadow Lords.

You have begun your journey. Only by logically outma-
neuvering rivals can will you ensure your continued
ascendance. Fury drives you, but cautious reasoning will
save you. While the more headstrong will readily rush into
battle with the slightest provocation, a Lord will take the
more sensible role: evaluating their efforts. If they will not
overtly support you, you must secretly guide them.


they had fora teacher one who was half beast and half man,
and ois itnecessary for a prince to know how to make use of both
natures, and that one without the other is not durable.
— Machiavelli, The Prince

Blood follows blood. Among the Garou, werewolves of
the same breed develop an understanding that can defy
barriers of culture and tribe. Use this to your advantage
Maintainingunity of the Garou by developing unity among
the Lords is a practice that has served us well. You may very
well work with Lords of all three breeds; you must then
understand how to use this to your advantage.

Many septs are reluctant to have more than one or two
Lords in attendance. Once we gain sizable membership in a
sept, our unity of purpose allows us to slowly seize power. If you
only have one or two Lords to aid you, remember thatalliance
toone's breed can make one powerful as well. By coordinating
the efforts of the various breeds, you build upon this principle.

Lupus

Lupus Lords have difficulty gaining rank in our tribe. Their
ability to fully exploit human language gives them a decided
disadvantage in manipulating many of their comrades, but as
loyal members of the tribe, they still do their part. Their
instincts make them highly valuable in hunting down, track-

ing, andshadowingour prey. Lupuslords overtly shy away from
our tribe, yet covertly, the alliances that they form with other
lupus Garou work to our advantage. They also remind us that
the Garou must understand both wolves and men, a fact that
has been forgotten in the Garou Nation.

Metis

Do not overlook what others might reject. Our lessors have
praised the malformed in times of need as an easy way of gaining
political support, but this tactic has been inexpertly used. The
metis now harbor the same resentment towards lupus and
homid Garou that has been openly shown toward them. Dis-
content is always our ally. Taking control of a sept takes time,
and thus you must cultivate the sympathy of the disaffected in
a timely manner. You may hear of the efforts of the Lazarite
Movement to build upon this. Disavow your knowledge of it,
and leave it to the shadows. Metis Shadow Lords employ the
same tactics as the lupus: declaiming the homids while covertly
serving the tribe. Divided, we deceive. United, we conquer.

Homid

The highest positions in our tribe are usually held by homid
Garou. The loyalty of our lupus and metis brethren make this
possible. The homids' facility with human language, under-
standing of human ways, and exploitation of human resources
strengthen our tribe. Though we would never breach the Veil,

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics 37


working among humans has taught us many of their most
efficient tactics of subversion. Humans have a talent for
destroying their own kind, especially in the arts of blackmail,
betrayal and political obfuscation. Fortunately, we can use
these human tactics for a greater good.

The Litany

You must know that there are two ways of contesting, the one
by the law, the other by force; the first is proper to men, the
second to beasts; but because the first is frequently not sufficient,
it is necessary to have recourse to the second.

— Machiavelli, ibid.

You have the aid of your shadow moot; without it, you
are nothing. You are aided by allies — lupus, metis and
homids — and without them, you are nothing. Alone, you
will feel naught but emptiness and discontent, but allied
with your tribe, you will find your place in the world. We
can give you the tools to further your own will to power.
The greatest of these tools is the Litany.

In the midst of our disagreements and disrupt b
traditions of the Litany have held the Garou Natio
gether. Our less patient brethren have little patience for
complicated legalities, but because our culture values tradi-
tion, we still uphold a code of law that was first adapted
millennia ago. As part of the agreement of the Grand
Concord, we were to solidify our laws into a form that was
acceptable to the ruling class at the time. We will never
relinquish our advantage in the arts of legality.

The traditions reflect the purer worl"
where rule by absolute tyranny and the subjugation of nia

kept the Garou Nation strong. Codifying these laws was a
necessary compromise when we had to submit to the Concord.
On the one hand, the Silver Fangs spoke of a "new age" where
an accordance would be formed between wolves and men; on
the other, we were to not dispense with our old traditions...
merely the ones that did not suit the elite. The Silver Fangs
(and their allies, who demanded the Veil) knew that mediators
would be required to adjudicate the situational a

law. From the beginning, the law has always been our strength.

Garou Shall Not Mate With

Garou

Finding more warriors in the campaign against the
Wyrm is difficult, yet Gaia and Grandfather have provided
us witha balance between the tribes and maintained purity
within those tribes. There are those who would disturb that
balance, claiming that they do so because warriors are too
rare. The greatest burden of shame is placed on the off-
spring — the innocent victims. The law is upheld in
persecuting the metis, but for the most part, it has been
weakened by those who spawn them.

38 Shadow Lords

, tae 1

ee SA Ae

Combat the Wyrm
Wherever Jt Dwells
and Whenever Jt Breeds

The Shadow Lords have upheld this dictum in a more
precise matter than the other tribes. "Combating" an
enemy does not require a physical assault. Gathering infor-
mation is essential to organizing our campaign ave
the wisdom to integrate the information we, e
informedidecisions. We wage war by unco' bo
that we act based on reason.

espect the Cerritory
of Another Wm,

Mutual respect for ft
reality. The rapid expansiot
marking territory unfeasible, ¢
threat to the Veil. Clearly, then,

extend to other nec S.

and our efforts to protect th

to claim immuni
Diploma rivilege many
demand in s. Those
the intricacies ai of prec&
our campaigns have saved
the law claim we have breacl

an Honorable

Garou is no longer a
Merritories has made
of howls poses a
pterpretation,

gainst

I
Shadow Lords?
mediation, andourextensives
has been developed °
Silver 4

Tage instead of
claws to subdue your foe
iffice; do not use a knife at the

in simple words will suffice.

ich we.
Son. Never use a
a knife at the throat
oat to best your foe,

Submission to Those
of Higher Station

By keeping strong leaders is positions of power, we uphold
the duty history demands of us. This portion of the Litany has
been exploited often by those who would place their own
personal estimations of worth above traditional measures of
renown. We must therefore break this down into situational
meaning. To a Shadow Lord, a weak leader must be ques-
tioned, but a strong leader, such as a Lord who upholds the
intricacies of the Litany, must demand obeisance.


The First Share of the Kill
to the Greatest in Station

Misinterpreting this dictum has led many would-be tyrants
astray. Too often, one group of disaffected individuals has
seized power believing that their ascendance would solve all
their problems. They believed victory would immediately
guarantee that conditions would improve, and then, after
uncovering new problems, discovered their condition had
worsened. bsolute power is a privilege that requires years, or

jen generations, toearn. When seizing powerand

e swiftly so that your offenses may be forgotyg
fairly reward those who have supported
continue to earn their support.
tulers do not eam this privilege
's rewards, his weakness will invite
eak ruler is therefore not the "great
those who are more fit to lead ang
seize the first share instead,

> Shall
the

son
G, so

Ardless of a
ion. In fact, a
a sept or pack, and
gated by this law to

E civility.

at men inspire

font of reason, we

Bver, devouring humans
ites investigatior

a Veil was
Place in the world; now that
se, we must keep it for

justifies a
out those who would
ePve our ownsafety.

(Do Not Safer Thy People
to Tend Thipgickness

How are we to respond to this KNowing that the Silver Fangs
are diseased? How much more proofdo we need of their wide-
spread mental illness? Why do we suffer to tolerate their presence?

The Leader May Be Challenged
at Any Time (During Peace

Asone would expect, a strong leader will define what the
word "peace" means. If he needs to revoke this definition to
protect a strong government, he will not hesitate. Declar-

——

Chapter Two: Tribal Politics

ing war demands unity. In fact, this portion of the Litany,
when taken in the context of the present day, demands that
a strong leader must continually be at war.

If a leader is strong, he will be relentless in his efforts to
battle the Wyrm without and indefatigable in his efforts to
secure his sept within. If he fails in this task and fails to
overcome, it is the duty of the loyal Garou who follow him
to bring his leadership into question. A strong leader will
use whatever physical or intellectual means necessary to
counter this. But if the members of a sept find that a leader
is weak, they must put him to the test and depose him if they
find that he is not to the mark.

The Leader May Not Be
Challenged at Any Time
(uring War

You may ask, then, what a Lord is to do when a sept is
triumphant against its enemies and the leader is strong,
nopwigh$tanding his membership to a rival tribe. Strength
6 be respected above all else. If you find a sept leader who
can rule through absolute power, you would do well.to ally
with him. You gain his sympathy, and even if you are not
the Alpha of that tribe, you gain control. The tyranny and
absolute power of the Impergium made our race pure.
Supporting a leader who can return to those traditional
values make ation stronger.

all Cake Mo Action That
auses a Caern to Be Violated

This dictum is inviolate. Those who threaten the secu-
rity of a caern must face the strictest penalties of our law,
and for the safety of all, the Shadow Lords will do whatever
is Necessary to preserve our safety.

Private (Discontent

We use the law against others; they would then use the
law against us. A Philodox has pledged to keep the Sacred
Ways, and so, when any who are not of our tribe stray from
the law, the Half-Moons must enforce it. At the same time,
expecting us to hold to the same law others breach is
hypocrisy. Privately, we mock their law, we revile their
Concord, and we await the time of retribution. Once we
have attained absolute victory, we will remake the law in
our own image and ascend to the purity we once had. We
will be just, irrefutable and absolute. Until then, this
destiny lies before you as a path for you to follow as you
journey into the world.

39

oar at ce

|



Here we may reign secure, and, in my choice

To reign is worth ambition, though in Hell:

Better to reign in Hell than serve in heaven
— John Milt@n, Paradis@yhost

Salutations. I see that you are readystoueravel. As an.
Ahroun of the Shadow Lords-frustliiow atm you with
your weaponry.

Here is your blade, my Lord. You have eftned it. At the
next moot, we will speak of your defeat of the caern
warder, and you will have won your place asa fostern of the
tribe. Even more importantly, you will have earned your
position in the shadow moot.

Chapter Three: Renown and Shame

A Lordieamnpaign.against weakness unfolds gradually,

and desigiiSused to overtake a sept have been known to take

generafigns to realize. Your morale may falter, but the
stories of ott triumphs can sustain you. The greatest of these
have been in our Balkan homelands. The recent triumph of
Boris Thunderstrike over his sept leader, Heart-of-Fury, is
an example of this, and his victory speech is taken by many
young Lords today as an inspiration. Listen and learn.


Perfection and Dissent

A Eulogy at the Passing of Heart-of-Fury,
Upon the Occasion of His Forced Abdication,
Spoken within the Shadow Moot of Boris Thunderstrike
of the Sept of the Night Sky, Wallachia,
and duly recorded by his Most Humble and Obedient Servant,
Ynosh Snatch-Talon, Scribe and Scholar
Children of the Night Sky! Our victory iscomplete. As we
gather here on this pinnacle, those beneath us acknowledge
our ascendance. The body of our former sept leader awaits
interment, and soon his followers will surrender the Sept
. of the Night Sky to his rivals. We will seize the night,
7 +" "and what was once ours will be ours once more. We
1+ have acted as One, seizing power for the honor and

;
"glory of our tribe, our race and our world. That, my

children, is our destiny. Oursacred duty is to wage war
"against this Wyrm as no others can, and from this, our
latest conquest, we will also move onward in our
"shadow war and purify the septs of our homeland.
Thus, before we part under cloak of darkness to take
, tothe field of battle, let us understand what it is to be
: a warrior in this shadow war.

As the Apocalypse draws near, nothing less than
perfection will suffice. The Final Days threaten to
+ destroy everything we hold dear. This is not a time for
weakness. Our lessers hold the concept of "self" above
all else, but we are as One. The Lords are selfless in
devotion to their tribe. The survival of our race requires us to

act without restraint and to act in unison.

Inourhearts, we harbor eternal discontent. Our pain drives
ustodoubtand reject. This is part of the order ofall things. The

creatures of Gaia may curse the storm, but they know its
coming is part of the ways of the Earth. We know that
Gaia is eternally discontent with her creation — the
lesser creatures die and the strong survive. That is the
way of all things. Testing the weak is an essential part of
nature. Harsh adversity makes for strong survivors. You
will be tested, and in turn, will test the world.
As it is with wolves and men, so it is with ideas. We
criticize the ways of others, and they either evolve or die.
Skepticism and doubt are essential elements of this evolu-
tion. Without continually questioning what others hold
\ dear, our race will never evolve to face the challenges
before us.

The same may be said of the the body politic. The Garou
trust their leaders to surmount impossible tasks. If we are to
face the insurmountable and survive, we must do so with
leaders who can overcome any opposition. The weak hesi-
tate, but the strong conquer. If our leaders are weak, we will
harry them, questioning their authority. Without such
opposition, we take on faith that they are strong, and thus
risk our own destruction. We will be stronger than them and
overcome, as we have proven tonight.


a AA

Go forward with this strength. Increase your power by
testing yourself against opposition. Each Garou, by rising
to meet the challenges before him, seeks to improve

himself so that he may better serve his race. You, my Lords,
must question what is held as essential as you journey
again into the septs of the Garou. Our morality, our ethics,
our legalities— each in turn must be put to the test. While
others may hold this as sacrilege, we hold it as sacred. You
must profane that which is held dear, for if it cannot
withstand such opposition, you must reject its worth.

You must take this upon yourself as well. Look to the taint
within yourself and question its worth. Revel in
your true nature, and then seek to overcome.
Rage is seen asa taint of anger, yet the Garou."
holditasessential. Thuseachofus—Lord  -* "7
and lesser — holds a taint within our- 4° 44

selves. The idea that we ourselvesaretainted °/ «+

by the Wyrm by our own ra

is seen as
blasphemous, but we must question what B
others have taken on faith. The world has rae
given us pain and rage, but those who are
consumed by it have begun their descent ";'..
into the way of the Wyrm. Let us be *¢
stronger than them
Thetaintwithinyourselfhasconsumed 5°
the world around you. The worldseeks to" f
bend you to its will; instead, you must
master the world around you. By overcoming the
taint of the Wyrm around us, and facing its opposition, we We x] uf"
are tested to the verge of destruction. Westrengthen our souls ne
by coming into contact with evil and overcoming it. Those | Whe
who are weak would hesitate at this task, but those who are
strong will set themselves to this with great vigor.
We are also driven by our ambition. It is a raging torrent

The

ascendance of each of us brings the ascendance of our tribe.

within us, yet to deny ambition is to deny ourselv

We must rage at the weak who would confine us and deny
our rise to power. Know that your ambition is essential.
This will to power tests one's self, just as you would set your
might against your rivals. Defying the status of rank is called
disloyalty, but your scorn and disobedience should be culti-
vated carefully. By following the path of turmoil, within and
without, and conquering it, we become more powerful. Thus,
through wisdom, our taint makes us stronger.

Do not deny the tempest within yourself. When you
the

strength you have gathered here to move ever onward

leave this sept to do battle in our shadow war, use

The storm calls to you. Answer it, and ascend to your
glory.

Answered by Houls of Triumph and the desecration of the
body of Heart-of-Fury, Ahroun of the Silver Fangs. Know
thaton that night, Boris Thunderstrike took the Sept of the
Night Sky and, in reconsecrating his Caemn of Will,
advanced the cause of our campaign. In the name of
purity, thus has it been recorded. \


ne A Ae

The World Before You

That which does not destroy me makes me stronger.

—Neitzsche, Thus Spake Zarathustra

Here is your cloak, my Lord. May it protect you from the
cold winds of fortune as you travel through the lands of the
Garou. The cloak does more than protect — it conceals.
Know that wherever you travel, your truest secrets and
your truest lies are carried with you. Your honor and
wisdom are not shamelessly carried for all to see. They are
hidden within the depths of your heart, just as you carry
yourself under the folds of this, your cloak. If you are to
travel, keep this in mind.

lal America

conflicts. Therea are isa wh
glorifying their victories over

The War in the Amazon is thg/most important battle-
ground in this part of the world. The death toll is high,
which means that opportunities for advancing quickly in
political status are there. Surviving in the Amazon is
difficult, but for Garou who know how to convince others
to fight, it makes for an intriguing intellectual challenge.

The phrase "South American Dictatorship" has be-
come a cliché, but many still exist today. In Central and
South America, banana republics rise and fall, but an
observant Garou can learn a great deal from humans who
succeed and fail in such enterprises.

Europe

Our primary concern in Europe is the protection of our
homelands. The Balkan Nations are forever caught in
their political conflicts, and so we still debate which
factions will triumph over the others. Multinational forces
still intervene in the resolution of these conflicts; until
they understand the origins behind them, they will never

44 Shadow Lords

[PP ED ae: aimee 7.

be able to bring an end to the fighting. Other nations have
forced their laws upon our homelands for too long. The
resolution must come from within or it will never succeed.

Africa

Third World nations within Africa are waiting for more
industrious and powerful nations to subjugate them. While
there are Lords who closely watch the powers that threaten
the nations of Africa, there are just as many Lords wanting
to support the peoples who are to be oppressed. Wherever
there is dissent, there isa call for tyrants. When you travel,
you will have ample opportunities to answer this call.

Asia
In Asia, we are usually the guests of the Hakken Garou.
These lesa Lord prectien are civil to us, yet always

ACPEarefully after-

Balance of power in any

¢ way it appears at first glance.

D erstanding the reasons behind

8 ‘o the amount of

ious young Lord, but unless you

¢ in seizing power, you can be controlled by

the true po behind any conflict just as easily as you

would control the overt powers. Once you understand

that caveat, you will see the opportunity for conquest
wherever you go.

The Rivals Who Will
Oppose You

Your hatred has made you strong...

— Anakin Skywalker, a.k.a. Lord Vader

Here is your pride, my Lord: You belong to the most
despised of all tribes. Any who seek power must overcome
that, but first, you may take that as a mark of distinction.

Throughout the world, our infamy has spread. The
tivals of the Twelve Tribes publicly scorn us and hold us
in contempt. You cannot blame me, then, for privately
holding them in contempt as well. | know my views upon
this subject are not popular ones. | would respond that
these views are mine. Your rivals are not your equals. They
are your tools. When you go out into the world, you will
evolve strategies for using them well.


Black Furies

Any man who tries to reason with a Black Fury is
immediately at a disadvantage. They fabricate and exag-
gerate any perceived insult to justify their sexist views.
This clouds their vision. It is indeed fortunate that the
Lords are more egalitarian. Our female Lords can be just as
deadly as any Black Fury, yet their cautious ways make
them far more dangerous. Also remember that many men
of other tribes harbor resentment against the Furies for
their sexist views. Do not neglect the opportunity to
harness this when it suits you. Again, discontent is always
our ally.

Bone Gnawers

The Twelve Tribes often degrade and insult the abili-
ties of the Bone Gnawers. In fact, overtly siding with a
member of this tribe is sometimes seen as a foolish gesture.
Do not forget that their lowly station often leaves them
underestimated. The Bone Gnawers are outstanding at
gathering secrets, and in any city, they will usually do a
more thorough job of gathering information than any
other tribe (except the Lords, of course). Yet their shame,
poverty and decrepitude perpetually places them in need
of aid. The members of this tribe are often desperate for
warmth, food and companionship. If you can covertly aid
them, they may in turn covertly assist you with valuable
information. Who would dare say that we are not chari-
table? I have seen the results of this kindness. It is not
uncommon for one desperate Bone Gnawer to sell out his
friends, pack and tribe fora warm meal anda place tosleep.

Children of Gaia

1 am astounded that this pitiful tribe has not yet met
with extinction. They have preached peace, as they did
during the Concord, and it has failed, as it did during the
Concord, and yet they openly celebrate, reveling in wan-
ton sexual depravity instead of acknowledging their failure.
The Final Days have rendered them woefully inadequate
in dealing with reality. Their ways of "peace" and "civili-
zation" have weakened humanity and served the Wyrm
This is not a time for peace.

Fianna

What charming little Irishmen these Fianna are. I have
borne their jeers and insults in silence. For years, their
drunken imprecations and stilted witticisms have tor-
mented me. They revel in their emotions, and thus deny
reason. A Fianna is useful when you need a bottle emptied
or a melody composed, but their drunken ways,
sentimental romances and their quaint customs are not
enough for them to be of more than marginal use.

|


|

Get of Fenris

Simplistic fools, but excellent shock troops. If you wish
to motivate a Get, exploit his pride and offer hima chance
to fight something. They are more than eager to die for
false glory. In fact, nothing humiliates a Get more than
acknowledging that there is something in the world he
cannot fight. If you can exploit this, they will be more than
happy to die for you.

Glass Walkers

The members of this tribe are referred to as Urrah, or
"tainted ones." Their affinity to the Weaver and commun-
ion with the city earn them disdain. Therefore, they are in
need of allies. We are more than delighted to assist these
outcasts if it serves us. Since their tribe has access to
resources the others do not, having the assistance of a
Glass Walker will give you an advantage over the elitist
Garou of the other tribes, who denounce them. And, of
course, if one betrays you, you can always expose him later
for what he is: a freakish abomination of Gaia who aban-
dons the Wyld to follow the dangerous path of the Weaver.

Red Talons

Wonderful allies — simple-minded and pure. Their
unrelenting hatred of humanity makes them excellent
collaborators. They are not just tools, they are carefully
crafted weapons. Feign sympathy for their views when
assisting them; denounce their narrow-mindedness if you
need to oppose them. Many Red Talons harbor mistrust
for any Garou who is not a lupus. This also increases their
need for "friends." Don't think for a moment that their
reliance on non-human communication implies that they
are fully inferior. They are only partially inferior. It merely
makes their interpretation of the world inadequate. They
need others to do their complex thinking for them.

Silent Striders

Watch them. One who remains in your pack or sept fo
a prolonged period of time can slowly be brought under
your influence, but the gadflies who wander from caern to
caern are pernicious. They will spread rumors, harming
you for the most minor of transgressions. They will solicit
allies and organize your rivals against you. When you
encounter a Strider, ask yourself three things: "Where has
she come from?", "Where is she going?" and "How long
will she stay?" Then begin to take precautions.

Silver Fangs

Stop me if I begin to ramble.
Their tribe is dead. It staggers, it poses, it occasionally
babbles, but their days of glory are gone. They deserve the
Harano that takes them and the mental illness that has

46
i ——

ne fA 7A ee

Shadow Lords

ravaged their minds. Some may sympathize with them, regard-
ing them as noble or tragic, but their days of leadership are
gone. The world will be ours. Millennia of failure and the
death of the world around us show us that their ending of tl
Impergium was a mistake, following them was a
ever trusting them again would be a gra
stand, they will wear their crowns and
nies. When they lie interred, I will d
I will not belabor the point.

Stargazers

These Garou are so removed from reality that they pose
little threat to your political ambitions. Their wisdom is
useful, but they do not understand the call of passion,
Understanding their motivation can be somewhat dif
cult, as they are as cryptic as the mysteries that fasci
them. They rarely seek power, however, and
rivalry is somewhat minor.

Uktena

How often have the Uktena bi
They obviously wouldn't hide th
they didn't have good reaso
industrious efforts to uncovei
Pity. They are almost mi;
Stirring dissent agains}

6 often fail.
as we are.

tivations are easier to
ir priorities clear. Sympa-
ish to exploit them, and
of foresight if they get in your
es one appear weak. If on
ieir own grief 7 eir 0}

Again, tho
manipulate.

thize with
denoynce

feast they are on your

peak. Their mutual hatred for

each other is leverage you can exploit. Should you require

further leverage, one need only set them against othe
It is convenient that hubristic Ga

the Garou? Refer to history. The Garou Nation worked to
eradicate the other shapechangers in the War of Rage. We
are sympathetic to those who have long-standing grudges.

NT <


Owever. Bastet are

ey would sooner

Corax are thieves,

tribe have learned to

are unpredictable, and

erations. Ratkin can be

ell you out to Nosferatu

ou to Bone Gnawer rivals.

on this issue, however. The

arou Nation after the end of

waron the Béte. The Hakken

ed to deal favorably with the

igers of their land. Although you

¢ Kitsune werefoxes, it is known

the Hakken. The Hakken Garou

vorably with their Western cousins,

ld negotiate with other shapeshifters
ave a Hakken mediate.

may never see
that they

do not ¢

but si

woul

indoctrinated into "fighting the Wyrm,"

but launching into all-out war against the Kindred with the

slightest provocation isa suicidal maneuver at best. No Half-

Moon is as capable of communing with darkness as well as a

shadow Lord Philodox, and so, in many septs, a Lord will
covertly maintain relations with the Camarilla.

‘hough this has prevented much bloodshed over the

centuries, it is, curiously enough, generally re-

as treasonous. If you develop contacts, then, and

are caught, do not regard your punishment to be in

irds to your efforts. Rather, your punishment is de-

ved because you were foolish enough to be caught. Your

or as a Garou will ibe destroyed, but your honor among

icks is admirable, even if every last one of them is
and completely tainted by the Wyrm. They respect strength
and prowess, and as such, the Lords must negotiate with
them from a position of strength. The weaker tribes are
completely unsuited to this task. Of course, should they
ain, and if any of should notice
ia. 0 Moldavia,

If you should ally with a mage, you are to be congratu-
lated. Mages are able to strike at their adversaries in ways
that cannot be easily detected. If you are opposed by a

mage, she can be quite dangerous, as she can then strike at
you without revealing her involvement. Remember this:
They are mortal. Mages one can see face-to-face tend to
shred quite easily under one's claws. Even their greatest
warriors tend to be quite weak in direct combat. There-
fore, if you encounter difficulty with one of their orders,
employing to meet them face to face will greatly benefit
your attempts to overcome them. Heavy blood loss and
rent flesh do tend to interfere with subtle spellcasting.

Wraiths

If only we understood them. Interacting with the physi-
cal world is difficult for the Restless Dead, but as spies they
would be extremely useful. Who is to say they do not
already do this for the Silent Striders? Were it not for our
well-defined senses and sharp claws, we could easily be
infiltrated by the ranks of the dead. Communicating with
them is indeed difficult, and the elaborate nature of their
politics makes developing relations with them nearly im-
possible. Such a pity. The end result is merely further proof
of your need to distrust their allies, the Silent Striders.

Changelings

The Fianna are quite delighted to have relations with
the fey... in more ways than one. Like the members of that
amusing tribe, faeries will often delight with their outra-
geous and amusing antics. Most of them pose little threat.
The followers of the Seelie Court are especially weak, as
they have a thorough dependence on such weaknesses as
"chivalry." As we have seen with the impotent Silver
Fangs, chivalry is an easy weakness to exploit.

We have been increasingly diligent in developing rela-
tions with the Unseelie fey, who usually respond favorably
to our overtures. Nonetheless, their reckless natures pre-
clude ever developing a long-term alliance with them.

The Path of Villainy

Iknow you, my Lord. We are of the same family. You are
driven to desperation by the anger in your soul. That pain
must be either healed or purified, both within and without.
Within, you must master yourself; without, you must
master the world. Until that taint has been driven from the
world, your pain will be with you always. Use it as you will.

You are one with your spiritual mother, and so youmust
feel her suffering. You are as one with your spiritual father,
and so you must survive through conquest. You have been
chosen, and your destiny lies before you. Know that you
are one of the Shadow Lords.

Chapter Three: Renown and Shame



Yond Cassius has a mean and hungry look;

He thinks too much: such men are dangerous.

— William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

Evolution is a part of nature, and as such, Gaia has
gifted the Lords with talents to allow them to play their
role in the way of all things. The Lords are formidable
because they gain strength from the dark powers that they
serve. The hidden strengths that they employ are even
more dangerous when they remain unseen.

Tribal Weaknesses
(Optional)

An optional rule was introduced in the first Werewolf
tribebook: tribal weaknesses. These are quirks that each
member of a particular tribe possesses, usually due to the
social or even genetic nature of the tribe. Weaknesses
should not always be enforced. There are some situations

Appendix One: Hidden Strngths

in which a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher difficulty
on Social rolls. These situations may be rare, but they can
occur. For instance, Black Furies suffer from an inborn
anger against men, but a Black Fury may not feel anger
toward a man she trusts.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
appropriate situation arises in the game. After all, a player
may be unwilling to remind the Storyteller that her
Uktena's curiosity may get her into trouble.

Shadow Lord Weakness

Failure's Dagger: -1 Renown for failure

Most Shadow Lords prize winning above all else, and
they scorn losers. Whenever a Shadow Lord fails to carry
that would normally gain him Glory, Honor or

out a t
Wisdom, he will lose one point of temporary Renown in


|

that category. (If he would have gained Renown in more
than one category, subtract only from the category that
would have rewarded the most.) This is in addition to any
Renown normally lost.

This does not affect the normal Renown process in any
other way; if the Shadow Lord succeeds in the action, he
then gains the normal amount of Renown.

New Abilities (Talents)

Interrogation

You are able to extract information by fair means or
foul. Using a mixture of threats, trickery and persistent
questioning, you ultimately learn the truth.

. Novice: Galliard cub
Practiced: Ahroun thug
Competent: Philodox legal expert
Expert: Theurge Judge of Doom
Master: Ragabash executioner

B ackgrounds

Cultist Allies

Although Shadow Lords cannot begin with the Ally
Background, cultists can depend on their associates to ally
with them. The drawback is that you must keep this
alliance a secret. Belonging to a Shadow Lord cult is a
disgrace that even fellow Shadow Lords will not tolerate.
A cult will still be devoted to a cultist without this
background, but a Lord with Cultist Allies will find them
to be even more useful than normal.

This is in most respects identical to the Allies Back-
ground. The only notable difference is the cult's fanaticism.

Gifts

* Cold Voice of Reason (Level Two) — A cunning
Shadow Lord can talk his way out of just about anything.
If a Lord is attacked by another Garou, the Shadow Lord
may invent aclever remark that will detain his attacker for
at least one round. This gift is taught by a Crow-spirit.

System: The Garou spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty 8). The attacker is
detained one round for each success as long as he, in turn,
is not attacked. If the target is assaulted, the effect of the
oratory wears off, and the victim may resume his attack. A
botch with this Gift will cause the attacker to go into
Frenzy.

* Raven's Wings (Level Three) — The Garou with
this Gift may send a portion of her spirit out of her body in
the form of a raven. The raven can see and hear, but it
cannot affect the physical world. It is invulnerable to
attacks, however. This Gift is taught by a Raven-spirit.

50
a

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Occult (difficulty 6). The raven may be sent five miles
away for every success on the roll. If it goes past this range,
the Gift is canceled. While this Gift is in use, the Garou
must concentrate to use the raven's senses and may take
no other actions in the same turn in which he is commun-
ing with the raven.

Seeds of Doubt (Level Four) — By careful delibera-
tion, the Shadow Lord may convince a listener of one false
idea.

System: The Shadow Lord spends one point of Gnosis
and makes an opposed Charisma + Subterfuge (difficulty
8) roll against the listener's Wits + Subterfuge (difficulty
8). If the Shadow Lord succeeds, the listener will believe
the lie, as long as it is not actively harmful to him (i.e.,
"You can walk on air" or "Fire is easily digestible.") If the
listener succeeds, he will realize that he is being tricked. If
the caster botches, the listener will frenzy.

Lords of the Summit Gifts

* Interrogator (Level Three) — This Gift was origi-
nally discovered by a cult of Shadow Lords known as the
Judges of Doom. A Garou may use this Gift to terrify his
victim into a confession. This Gift is taught by a Fear-
spirit.

System: The interrogator rolls Manipulation + Subter-
fuge or Interrogation; the defendant resists with an opposed
Willpower roll. If the Garou succeeds, the defendant will
be paralyzed with fear for one round and confess the
greatest crime that he has committed during the last cycle
of the moon. This is long enough for a one sentence
confession, but may only be used once per moon cycle.
Judges of Doom may learn this as a Level One Gift.

* Mask Taint (Level Five) — A Garou with this Gift
may completely hide his Wyrm-taint from all senses,
including Gifts that detect such taint. This Gift is taught
by a Puppeteer Bane.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Appearance + Subterfuge (difficulty 8). The effect lasts
for one scene. Every time this Gift is used, the Garou must
roll one die. If the number is equal to or less than her
Corruption Trait, she adds one to her Corruption, gaining
more Wyrm taint. This Gift cannot be used by Garou with
Corruption 10.

Children of Crow Gifts

* Perceptive Servant (Level One) — Children of
Crow are consummate eavesdroppers, and combined with
the perceptiveness one gains by serving Crow, this Gift
can be extremely useful. It is taught by a Crow-spirit.

System: By spending one point of Gnosis, a Child of
Crow can reduce the difficulty of overhearing a conversa-
tion or witnessing a secretive activity by 2.

Shadow Lords

aaa rrrerina /,


' a fe

1 "OBA SS
Ge (ata i Dehn SLA
Mn CU Pe)

| AAS

¢ Dark Aerie (Level Three) — This is the same as the
Uktena Gift, Spirit of the Bird (Werewolf, page 135), save
that the roll is against Dexterity + Stealth (difficulty 7).

The servant of Crow is enveloped by shadows as he
escapes.

Bringers of Light Gift

¢ Purify Scent (Level One) — If another supernatural
} creature attempts to determine the breed, tribe or auspice
of a Bringer of Light, the target may use this Gift to retain
her secrets. A Night-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Shadow Lord spends one point of Gnosis
and rolls Perception + Primal-Urge. The difficulty of
d by 1 for each
success (up to a maximum modifier of +3).

discovering the information is incre:

© Pure Identity (Level Two) — A Bringer of Light can
alter his appearance to suggest he belongs to another race.
If he remains in homid form, he can appear as pallid as a

vampire or as glamorous as an Unseelie changeling. If he

desires to keep his "scent" as a Garou, he can affect
cosmetic changes and appear as a Black Spiral. This Gift
is taught by a Chameleon-spirit

System: The Lord spends three Gnosis, but need make
no roll. The duration is one day. Close examination
requires a Subterfuge roll to maintain the deception.

¢ Purity of Blood (Level Five) — The disc
become so resistant to the Wyrm that she may overcome
the Blood Bond of vampires. This Gift is taught by an

| avatar of Grandfather Thunder himself.

le has

; System: The Shadow Lord must expend two points of
Gnosis, spend 10 minutes in meditation and make a
successful Intelligence + Meditation roll. Until the Garou
uses Purity of Blood, he will be aware that he is Bound, but

/ may nonetheless spend a Willpower point to break his
conditioning and use the Gift. Also note that this allows
an infiltrator of the Sabbat to shatter the effect of the
Vaudelaire.

Rites

Rite of Shame (Renown)

Level Two

There are tasks a Lord performs for his tribe and his race

that could never be acknowledged at a public moot. The
Rite of Shame is a way for Shadow Lords to secretly gain
temporary Renown at a shadow moot without revealing
their activities to the rest of the Garou.

The spirits summoned during this variant of the Rite of
Accomplishment are the same as the spirits summoned in
a public moot. They will acknowledge successful tasks
performed for the Garou Nation, but only other Lords will

know of the actual events. The spirits are the great

equalizer in this; they understand the darker truths behind
the Garou. In this same sense, the Storyteller must ensure

Sere rare ne ere ern. re rem a remmnrwremne arene

ne AA

that this additional Renown has been earned. Pleasing the
Grand Master of a shadow moot is not enough to earn
Renown; the Lords must answer to "higher authorities" as
well.

These temporary points cannot be used to gain perma-
nent Renown until the Lord advances in Rank or gains a
political position within the sept. In other words, once the
Lord has succeeded in furthering his ambition, he may be
able to justify his activities. Before his ascendance, only
other members of his shadow moot will know of and
respect this renown, but once he gains power, he will
receive further accolades.

System: Depending on the Shadow Lord's deeds, the
Storyteller may grant him temporary Renown for tasks
that would not be deemed "honorable" by other Garou. If
the end arguably justifies the means, the Storyteller may
award the Lord a fitting amount of temporary Glory,
Honor or Wisdom. Let common sense be your guide — no
Gaian spirit will acknowledge Renown for deeds worthy of
the Black Spiral Dancers.

Communion with the Storm (Mystic)

Level Two

Grandfather gives guidance to those who stray from the
path of wisdom. In the midst of the raging storm, a Garou
can come to terms with the dark ambition and hatred that
dwells within his soul by focusing his suffering as a weapon
against his enemies.

This rite can only be performed in the midst of a heavy
rainstorm or thunderstorm. As an incidental effect, the
storm will become stronger in the area in which the
titualist is performing. The ritualist must perform the
ceremony alone if it is a personal rite, but a group can
perform it if they are united in one task. If successful, the
ritualists may face the heavens and speak of that which
troubles them. Grandfather will respond with the sound of
thunder, and the purity of their task will be felt within
their hearts.

System: For the duration of the rite, any roll involving
Enigmas has a difficulty of three lower than normal (as
long as it is not less than a difficulty of 4). The ritualists
may bring their grievances to Grandfather. If the solution
to the problem requires violence, each ritualist will gain
one point of Rage. If the solution to the problem requires
wisdom, each ritualist will end the ceremony with one
point of Gnosis.

Calling the Storm (Punishment)

Level Three

This rite is a declaration of war against a ruler who has
been tainted by the Wyrm or who has committed a major
transgression against the Litany. The accusation of trans-
gression must be pronounced at a moot by one who is not
a Shadow Lord. The crime does not have to be substanti-
ated, but it must be true. The rite begins with a gathering

of stormclouds. The amount of time required for this to
occur depends on the weather at the time. If rain is
incipient, the effects may only require one scene to mani-
fest; if skies are clear, the effects may take a full day. (The
Gift is nota "rain dance." It may not be used with impunity
in the Sahara Desert or Death Valley. Storyteller's judg-
ment — or Grandfather's judgment — is required.)

System: Once the tempest begins, each individual who
has conspired against the ruler over the course of the last
two days gains two points of Rage; each Shadow Lord also
gains one point of Gnosis. The animal instincts of the
Garou grow stronger: Any roll involving Primal-Urge
(including Tracking) is performed ata difficulty two lower
than normal. This will only occur, however, if the charge
is true. If the charge is not true, lightning will strike, and
each participant in the ceremony will take three levels of
aggravated damage.

Cotems
Totem of War

Crow

Background Cost: 2

Followers of Crow, like most scavengers, trust the
strong to do their killing for them. To survive, they follow
opportunity, and they excel at finding it. Once they find
powerful allies, however, they will patiently and loyally
support them. Servants of Crow are typically humble, but
if they are betrayed, they never forget the offense. A Crow
who has been betrayed will seek out more powerful allies
to carry out retribution or go about his or her own revenge
with remarkable subtlety.

Traits: Crow teaches his followers Alertness 2, Subter-
fuge 2 and Etiquette 1.

Ban: Crow asks that his children remain loyal to those
whom they serve. Some children extend this to tribal
loyalty, while others will interpret this as fanatic affection
or loyalty to an individual.

Totem of Wisdom

Raven

Background Cost: 5

The children of Raven survive through trickery and
deceit. They typically survive by their wits and love
"living on the edge." They seek out danger and risk, but
they also know themselves well enough to resist corrup-
tion when they see it. His children surround themselves
with chaos and change, yet they also know how to protect
themselves from it. Raven is especially fond of lupus
Garou. He is also known for always being hungry, just as
his children continually seek ways to satisfy their desires.

52 7 Shadow Lords


"FY ‘

iss

MM oo:

Raven teaches his followers Survival 3, Subter-  @lo92 Chalice

nd Enigmas 1. Each pack member gains a bonus of
emporary Wisdom point. Children of Raven are also
favored by the Corax wereravens.
Ban: Raven asks that his children never carry wealth,
trusting instead in him to provide for them:

Fetishes
Cloak of Darkness

Level 2, Gnosis 2

Cloaks are fashionable among Shadow Lords, and for
good reason. In addition to their ability to help hide
weapons and to protect against the elements, they can be
ions. The Cloak of Darkness is
one type of cloak that magnifies these effects. Wearing the
cloak incre Pool involving Stealth by 3, and, as
an incidental effect, deci es the difficulty for hiding an
fetish or talen that is pri ly used as a weapon (and can
normally be hidden under a cloak) by 2. They are created
by binding Night-spirits.

helpful in stealthy op

Level 2, Gnosis 4

Merely owning this unholy item is a transgression
against the Litany, yet Grandfather holds the Blood Chal-
ice as sacred, Only the most twisted of Lords would dare
use it, and the mere possession of a Blood Chalice may be
punishable by banishment or execution.

Shadow Lords have no qualms about manipulating
humans against their Garou rivals or creatures of the
Wyrm, yet there are also humans who are used by the
Wyrm to harm the children of Thunder. Lords of the
Summit, who value justice above all, may decide to
"dedicate" such a creature to Grandfather.

The human is brought to a shadow moot so that he may
see what he has opposed. The only purpose of the meeting
is to dedicate the human. The Lords then shift into Crinos
as a Half-Moon declares the human's crime against the
Garou. The human may fight to defend himself, but if he
is subdued, his blood is drained into the Blood Chalice. In
a distorted interpretation of the law, the Garou have
"spared the flesh of the human" by only draining his blood
and have kept the Litany intact.

Appendix One: Hidden Strngths


|

(a

His blood is then drained into a chalice, which is
consecrated to Thunder. A Shadow Theurge holds the
chalice to the heavens and then consumes the human
blood. The soul of the transgressor is obliviated, and the
heart of the victim shatters as a peal of thunder echoes
throughout the land below. The victim is then interred
under a layer of urine and feces. In the process, honor is
satisfied: The Theurge gains three points of Honor, the
Philodox gains a point of Wisdom and each assistant
receives one point of Glory. Only other Shadow Lords will
recognize this shameful Renown, but if any of these Lords
gain the favor of a Shadow Lord sept leader, he will honor
this renown for the purposes of acknowledging permanent
Renown.

Ifa consecrated Blood Chalice is used in another type
of ceremony, it will automatically supply one point of
Gnosis to the ritualist. Note that the conditions of the
ceremony of dedicating a soul to Thunder may be carried
out against any human. A ghoul, acolyte, psychic or mage
will also suffice. Such is the consequence of acting against
the Children of Thunder.

Assassin's Klaive

Level 5, Gnosis 5

Legendary Shadow Lord Theurges have been known to
dedicate klaives for the purpose of destroying rivals of the
Lords. These weapons are more like slender daggers than
large knives and are designed to be hidden under clothing.
By burning a point of Gnosis, the possessor can also
surround himself with absolute silence for one scene, mask
his scent for one hour or eradicate his footprints while he
swale far one day:

Calens
Whisper Feather

Gnosis 5

This black feather is used to gather a small wind, which
the feather then rides. The user can control where the
feather travels. As it drifts, the user can perceive where it
travels. He closes his eyes (as the player rolls Perception +
Occult) and, for the duration of one scene, can see, hear

a A eee

and smell anything within 10 feet of the talen. The effect
lasts for one scene, and the wind cannot carry the feather
at faster than a walking p:

Merits and Flaws

Political Mentor (2 pt. Garou Ties
Merit)

Although Shadow Lords cannot take the Mentor Back-
ground, some politically talented Lords are mentored in
the arts of their craft. A political mentor can give general
advice, but will not intervene in your personal affairs. He
will not take responsibility for your actions, but can be a
valuable aid in figuring out the political intricacies of a
sept. Storytellers who wish to build the political dimen-
sion of their campaign will find it easier if one of the
characters has this advantage.

Diplomatic Jmmunity (3 pt. Garou
Ties Merit)

The Garou Nation holds you in esteem as a mediator.
You may travel where you please in the furtherance of your
duties. No one may search you, and you are welcome at any
moot. Of course, should you abuse these privileges, word
will spread. The Shadow Lords have worked hard to build
up the few Garou entitled to this privilege, and if an elder
of your tribe has found out that you have abused this right,
you will be cast out from the tribe. (In other words,
whatever you do, don't get caught.)

Original Sin (1 pt. Garou Ties Flaw)

You are the child or student of an infamous Garou.
Galliards have spread legendary stories about him from
caern to caern, and the same infamy is extended to you.
Within the Shadow Lords, this may work to your benefit,
as few would dare betray you, but outside of your tribe, your
reputation precedes you. It is assumed that you will resume
where your parent or mentor left off. Wear your scorn with
pride. This cannot be taken with the Political Mentor
Background.

e.

Shadow Lords

arena


"Mad, bad, and dangerous to know.

— Lady Catherine Lamb, speaking of Lord Byron;
Journal, March 1812

No Lord can gain power withoutassistance.Sometimes required in any conspiracy. The diverse talents of the

that aid comes from allies in other tribes, but the best Shadow Lords are continually refined as they work to
assistance comes from other Shadow Lords. Spies and _ frustrate and overcome their rivals.

mystics, warriors and leaders — a wide range of talents are

Appendix Two: Conspirators 55

Egotistical Spy

Quote: Guess what a little Stormer
wu're going to die for your crimes

h

Prelude: You've always been curious
people were really doing. As a small child
in finding places to hide where
other people's conversat
Daddy started fightin,
listening. Holding a glass against

salone with her "friend," carefull

‘our fathe ng to his "friend"

arsenal of little tri to use. And when the
with rand lied t about what was really g
you learned that the only way to find out the truth was
toun

When you ran away with your new famil
the Change, you were eager to learn more
finding out the truth. From the time
nine years old, the spirits were eager t
perfect the art of silently spying on oth
When you were 14 and you caught one
elderskneeling before her Black Spiral lover
you really weren't surprised. Now you're I¢
indas long icarefully watch the people
iround you, you can make sure they never
leceive you with their lies again

Concept: You've grown up not trt

ind you've lost all respect you've

vith power. The only way the

fo with this inf

Roleplaying Hints:
ing to realize ty w thir
t. That's the way itshould be. The
en more. Don't take anyone

u have left for
ind you know it,s
uild really respec
Equipment: Leather jacket (t
yourself look rougher than you fui
y are), Swiss army knife (perfect for 7

ind butterfly knives.


—— HHADOW LORDS —S

Name: Breed: mid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ragoloas\, Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: eg Spy
Physical Social Mental
Strength, e@@000 Charisma @@000 Perception.
Dexterity____ ss @@@00 Manipulation. e@@000 Intelligence
Stamina. @@0@00 — Appearance @@000 Wits________
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. Animal ar Computer. @e@000
Athletics Drive. Enigmas 00000
Brawl. Etiquette. Investigation, e0e@e00
Dodge Firearms, Llaw___________00000
Empathy. Leadership. Linguistics, 00000
Expression. Melee. Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, Performance. Occult. 00000
Primal-Urge. Repair. Politics. 00000
Streetwise. Stealth. Rituals. 00000
Subterfuge. Survival. Science. 00000
} .
| Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Resunces "__@@000 Aura o€ Condiderce
Toten ee0e00 ) = Br of The Milky Exe
00000 Fatal Flaw
00000 = esuasion
00000
Renown wamloctenar AL Rage ammvmtlotene 1 Health am
Glory Bruised a
@e@eo0oooo0oo0o0 ised
e [0] 00
Baeeeeeeed oooooooooo =, 8
Injuu 4
Honor w77 j 5 emma locas
0000000000 4 Gnosis Wounded 2 =
USiHhICch ete op 0 06S 0 Maid 2 0
Wisdom ooooo00o00o0o0 sis
saaeaaadad otha:
"Willpower —A—~ "Weakness am

ran ec ace ie" 7:00 00-0 0 FAILURE'S DAGGER:
-1 RENOWN FOR
Oooooooo000 = ee
Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

EE TE


Cryptic Shaman

Quote: Heh! Looks like rain. See those birds civeling over there? That means it's
Prelude: You've always been a loner, a misfit who neve quite fir in. Since
the time you were a metis cub, you've been shunned by others, Your twisted
leg only brought stares, and the sifest thing to do was spend time alone. In
the dead of night, you felt comfortable with the darknessaround you, Ithid
your deformity. Sitting in solitude, as you descended into your morose
Ineditation, you realized the Gift you had. You had an affinity with the
night. The spirits of Raven treated you with respect, and you found
communing with them to he quite easy

Borne aloft by spirits of Raven, your journeys through the
Umbra eventually led you to people of a similar disposition
My They also loved the night, and your talent with the darker
"W spirits made you one of them. They called themselves the
Society of Nidhogg, and they sought revenge against those
who dared to follow the ways of light and beauty. When
you hobble in front of your sept, you're a disgrace, but

is part of the cult, you've found glory
Concept: Any pack will nodoubtdeign to accept
youas a member. After all, you're a very capable
Theurge. The simple tasks of your art come
quite easily ro you, You don't need to reveal
how you obtain your information since it's
easy to pass off your methods as your own
"mystic ways." Occasionally, though, a
member of the Society will contact you
foraid, and your loyalty to them precludes
inyalliance you have to your pack. Ifyoudo
well by them, they'll do well by you. Your
complete lack of concern for your appearance
makes you look like hell... bur then again, you

know all about hell, don't you?

Roleplaying Hints: Act humble around
those who don't know your secret affilia
tions. It throws them off guard. For some
reason, those who aren't metis consider

ur breed to be hopeless as well as de
formed. Raven laughs at your deception
ind admires your talent. When you're with
your pack, feign complicity with what they
lo. They'll expect you to be cryptic when you
youcan follow yourdarkerinstinets,and when,
wt the end of time, darkness falls upon the

Metis Deformity: Twisted leg. Your difficulty in

walking reduces any Dice Pool involving movement
by two dice

Equipment: Walking stick (usable as a club),

black trench coat (to cover the extent of your

j deformity), black candles, white chalk and your

"last resort": a 45 caliber pistol


- Stuvowforns —~

Name: Breed: "eTs Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Treurse Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp:SneTy of Nidvoss Concept: Crypts Sharan vA
Physical Social
Strength. @@000 Charisma. Perception,
Dexterity, @@000 Manipulation. Intelligence.
Stamina @@000 — Appearance. Witsit — 1 = _~s
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer, 00000
Athletics, 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. @0ee00
Brawl 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge 00 Firearms______—@@@00 Law 0
Empathy. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression, 00000 Melee. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, @@000 Performance. 0000 Occult, e0000
Primal-Urge. e000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth, @0000 Rituals ee0e00
Subterfuge eeeoo Survival o0000 Science. OanuG
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
RWes ee e00 Create Elemear
Trem ee000 = Fatal Faw
00000 — Spi' Speecln
00000
00000
———— Renown mw 4A Rage mnie 1 Health ———aa~
a ey Tice ee00000000 Bruised a
Absseeeeds oooooooooo 3M, 4g
njui Af
Honor 4 Gnosis mater
0000000000 7 Gnosis Wounded 2
HOOOOUOOOOO eeaeeevoo000 aan 2 a L
Wisdom oooooo0o0o00o0 eal
atalateltelatelate ion
Willpower ——~ Weakness hm

OOOOOOOO0OO FAILURE
Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

I TS ET aT

Diplomat

Quote: What, yor

eager for danger. In fact, the more youget into the thick of things with

the Wyrm, the better, Taking on one mission after another, you've

found that you geta kind of sick thrill from coming into contact with

of the Wyrm, or Black Spirals, you've been just as violent as any

other Garou in defeating them. It feels good. But when y il

with vampires orthe Unscelie, you feel a certain... affinity

toa Sabbat Pack crusading against the Camarilla

ind you'vealsohelped coordinate alliancesagainst 4

fomori by running with cliques of Unseelie inti

hack to the sept with your skin intact. It's great t

have friends in low places, and ciation has a 4

talents still make the rest of your packmates nervous

You're usually the Beta of the pack. When the sept sends

you to help them in hunting parties against the Wyrm

the others ike rurns as the Alpha, When they're in

charge, you work with the team, but when the pack is

sent to help you f your missions, you're the one

in charge. Who e yoing to get them into and out ot

in Unseelie freehold or a Sabbat stronghold alive
Roleplaying Hints: Overconfidence isa virtue. If you

weren't ambitious enough to volunteer for the dirtiest,

much glory so quickly. You're proud of your ability t

help you rise in the Shadow Lords, all the better

Equipment: Mirrored sungl black silk shirt
black vest, black slacks, polished shoes, IMI Eagle with

incendiary rounds and a big, friendly smile


Name: Breed: 43 Pack Name:
Player: Auspice:P\vilodx Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Tv 5 Brags o€ Ligh mond ra
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @@000 Charisma. Perception.
Dexterity. e000 Manipulation. Intelligence
Stamina @@000 Appearance ece0eoo = Wits___________
Calents S ills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics____—— 990000 Drive 0000 Enigmas___ 0000
Brawl. 00000 Etiquette. @e0e00 Investigation. e0e0e00
Dodge___________eeooo  Firearms________eeeoo lav_________eeeoo
Empathy. 00000 Leadership. @@000 Linguistics 00000
Expression. @e@000 Melee. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. e000 Occult, 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair. 00000 Politics. @00e00
Streetwise, 00000 Stealth, @0e000 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge__e@oo00 Survival____ 9000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Alacts @e0e00 Aura 0€ ConSiderve
Resumes @@@00 §=— Resuasion
00000 Teath o€ Goa
00000
00000
——— Renown a ane YA Rage "/ Health =——A—
Glory Bruised a
co00dD0000 88889090000 a fe
Bbbaeeddead oooooooooo =f 4G
y -l
Honor oy Cypsigu— ane
eee0000000 7 Gnosis Wounded 28
OOOOOOOOOO eeoovoooo000 rea ann L
Wisdom ooo0o0000000 Saat
afaetelatalatelate ee ae
Willpower —A~ "Weakness Am
ooooo0o00000 ne
Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

EE TE EE

Romantic Poet

Quote: How be
Prelude: You've always known you

wer to tell you howattractive j
it. You're the epitome of grace and
style. The poems you art
reflections of

your own

MANE Rie

er

Sos:

verse,

beauty. While you're modest
ahour your poetry, you revel in
your true talents
OF course, it would be a
«shame if you didn't put that
* talent to good use. Asa Shadow

wt Lord, you know how to take

idvantage of the weaknesses of oth:
ers, and loneliness is the worst weakness of
ill. How many people have shamed them
selves for the sake of one torrid love affair?
Whether the object of your praise or defa
mation is Garou, Kin or human, afew kind
words and "meaningful" glances is all it
takes to win someone over to your side... or
condemn them to their own shame
Concept: Let the others worry
about what happens in war. You
have different weapons. In
yourown sept, youare acutely
uware of the real balance of
power. Let them play poli
tics you have a keen
insight to others that you
gain from stories of their ro
mantic dealings. You're not
weak or cowardly — in fact
you ean hold your own on
the barrlefield hur your
real talents count on the only
battleground that matters. The polities
of disgrace require far more talent than
the strategies of warfare
Roleplaying Hints: Flatrer members
of the opposite sex to keep them off
guard. You can feign any emotion to
manipulate their weaknesses: remorse,
shame, envy, adoration. Your mas
terworks draw from a vast
palette, and every color is a
shade of gray. You quickly
evaluate what others desire and
you can easily pretend to have
what they want. Alone with
one lover, you can be demure
and innocent, yet with an
other, you can be forceful and
demandi And, of course
like any | Shadow Lord,
you understand the intricacies
of dominance and submission. You
have power — use it
Equipment: Leather and silk, a book of
a single rose and a pair of handcuffs,


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength, e@0000
Dexterity. @@000
Stamina 00

wruerrmarre A LSA Abi

Calents
Alertness, 00000
Athletics. @e000
Brawl. 00000
Dodge. @0000
Empathy.
Expression,
Intimidation.
Primal-Urge. 00000
Streetwise, 00000
Subterfuge____eeece

a 0000

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

aaa

a

Breed: pid
Auspice:Galliar3

Social Mental

Charisma, Perception, @@000
Manipulation Intelligence_____——— @e@e@00
Appearance________e@e@eeo = Wits_________eeeoo

ities snevtiaissintoninmmnlt oma

iit Knowledges

Animal Ken. e@@000 Computer. 00000
Drive. 0000 Enigmas. 00000
Etiquette. @e0e00 Investigation. 00000
Firearms, 00000 Law. 00000
Leadership. 00000 Linguistics, 0000
Melee. 00000 Medicine @0e000
Performance. ececeo Occult 00000
Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Stealth, @@000 Rituals___og9000
Survival, Science.

—————00000

Gilts

Rura o€ Conkidence

Pack Totem:

Concept:RomaA} Z Post

ages mar mete

Pack Name:

——$_ —_—_ 00000,

Rersvasion

@ee7eeo00000
OOOOOOOoOoOO

4 Gnosis nme
e@000000000
OOOOOoOoOo0o00
"Willpower ——~

@eeee00000
OOOOoOoOo0O0O00

Bruised oOo
Hurt 4 O
Injured 4 8
Wounded 2 O
Mauled 20
Crippled +5 O
Incapacitated O
"Weakness am
FAILURE'S DAGGER:
-1 RENOWN FOR
FAILURE


Wandering Swordsman

Quote:
here to

the Hakken Garou, and he taught you the b +. You were destined to follow him and

take his place, but he was disgraced by his riv cast out from the Eastern Concordiat. When

w that he's gone, you've vowed to follow in his footsteps and learn what he could not teach

ries against the Wyrm.

Roleplaying Hints: You may be tempted to bear your pain stoically, hut try to understand thos¢
similar d 1 you can confide, Although you ar

a side them in bat While you are ren from the
"

~~ )) _ intricac nd hierarchy, you feel the

end, your honor is your own

ss

Equipment: A black coat, blue jeans and a white T

ly the strength of your spirit


Name: Breed: yd Pack Name:
Player: Auspice:A\Wwoun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:\Wonderigg Swordsman
Ue I LST

— VS Attributes ete Lint

Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma. Perception. @@000
Dexterity. e00ee0 Manipulation Intelligence____—— ee 000
Stamina @0000 | Appearance. @@000 Wits_______eeeeo
efe,e
er A LSA Abilities ome onto
Calents Skills Knowledges

Alertness. @e0e00 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, Drive. 00000 Enigmas. @0ee00
Brawl, Etiquette. e@0000 Investigation. @0000
Dodge. e0ee00 Firearms. 00000 ~—— Law___________o00000
Empathy, 00000 _ Leadership 00000 _Linguistics. @@000
Expression, 00000 Melee. eece0 Medicine. @e@000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult @0000
Primal-Urge. @0@000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, @e000 Rituals. 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival. @0000 Science. 00000

— MF Advantages sername Lratrnar

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Fath e000 Cp of Thunder
Pure Breed __@@e00 = Swell 0€ Mn
00000 The Falling Toudn
00000

00000

2 a ae

——=— Renown a ene

ne

fe

te

Ho x Oe

lo jo
Het Gee

Oo

Oe

Le

De

ce
Ge
Ce
Oo
Oo
me)
Oo
Oo

ce
oe
Ce
Oo
Ce 8
Lo ¥
Do
Oo
Oo
Oo

en a

4A Rage mmm Aontme "/ Health
eeeee00000 i. =
jurt -l
OOOOOOOO0O0O Injured ras
S44 Gnosis mmo Wounded 2 O
@e@e0000000 ait ae
OOOOOOOOoOO Incapacitated O
"Willpower —a~ Weakness —a~
Vin wislewercann FAILURE'S DAGGER:
-1 RENOWN FOR
OOOOOOoOoOo00 FAILURE

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Seer rar ern career coer SP a remanoremerensre

ee io

acenturion serving under Emperor Trajan, Septumus Dio
oe the arts of war and the way of conquest. His army moved
into the northern territories of the Geto-Dacian Empire in A.D.

122 and subjugated the remnants of the Illyrian tribes in north-
ern Macedonia. After these lands were conquered, he stayed
behind with the local praetor to establish a Roman settlement.

The local proconsul was sent to this far territory because of

his open criticisms of Emperor Trajan. While Seprumus was a

loyal soldier ofthe empire, henonethelessadmired his praetor's
rebellious streak. Yet at the same time, as he continued to
spend time with the local people of the tribe, he gained an
admiration for their ways. Soon, he had begun a furtive affair
with a young woman belonging to one of the local tribes. He
was unaware that she was Kinfolk, yet she was notas innocent.
A Kin-Fetch spirit had brought him to her, and she knew of his
heritage as a Lord, even if he didn't.

Septumus grew increasingly disaffected with the proconsul's
treatment of the local tribesmen. On the dawn before a raid
was to take place against a religious ceremony in the hills
outside of town, he underwent his first Change. Taken with
the fury of battle, he stormed into the tent where his proconsul
was drawing battle plans and savagely killed him. He never
suspected that the caern they had raided was a Shadow Lord
temple, and the troops he led never realized the true circum-
stance behind his taking power.

66 Shadow Lords

[EE oe

scendance was successful, and he ruled over

YetSeptumu
a Roman settlement caught between the demands of the
Empire to the south and the needs of the Shadow Lord Kinfolk
he watched over. His son then became proconsul after him,

and as the son of a Garou and a Kinfolk, bred true with his

father's gift. The Sept of Balance in Albania today is the result.

Alexandru ThunderRage

In the shadow of the Transylvanian Alps, Alexandru
ThunderRage led a campaign to force the rulers of the neigh-
boring septs under his will. While the Ottoman Turks and
Russian armies contested over his homelands, Alexandru ex-

panded his sphere of influence. By treachery, assassination and
subterfuge, he united five septs under his tyrannical rule. By
repeatedly turning his would-be successors against each other,

he maintained his power. He took the title of king, largely in

mockery of the Silver Fang's traditional use of the honorific.
lida-
» much power in one place attracted the attention of

As his power grew, his problems increased. The cons

tion of s

a Tzimisce voivode in a neighboring district. Mikhail

Dombrescu statesman among his people, and the power

he had gathered in the north was centered in the territories of
Transylvania. He proposed an alliance to solidify power, yet

beneath his offer was the veiled threat of war.

Alexandru knew that forcing an alliance with the servants
ofthe Wyrmon the septs under him would tear his lands apart.
While he bargained for peace, he prepared for war. In the hills

|


ae AA

of Carpathia, he met privately with a group of emissaries from
Mikhail's camp. As they negotiated, two of his Betas sur-
rounded their meeting place with three packs of warriors and
slaughtered almost all of Mikhail's negotiators. One survived
to carry the ashes to the court of the voivode.

As his battles against Mikhail's armies raged, so did the
hatred of King ThunderRage. Alexandru became known for
his violent frenzies in the midst of battle. He began to see
conspiracies against him everywhere, and Lords who were
openly critical of his tyranny were known to mysteriously
disappear. At the culmination of his victory at the Battle of
rymny, he tore the throat from one of his Betas, the former sept
leader of the Sept of the Brooding Sky. Garou whispered that
Alexandru had been tainted by the Wyrm. Though none

could prove it, the rumors remained.

Ashe continued his campaigns against the Wyrm, he found
himself taken by the same madness and corruption that he
himself fought. At the behest of his High Priest, he journeyed
into the Umbra to seek wisdom. Alexandru's spiritual journey
revealed to him the true source of his suffering. It was never the
result of the conflict around him. As a Shadow Lord, he was
well-acquainted with thriving in the midst of the tempest. The
true torment came from within himself. The visions he expe-
rienced taught him that until he cleansed the taint of the
Wyrm within himself, he would never purify the lands he ruled.

Alexandru returned a changed man. He forsook his rage for
the pursuit of wisdom. By allowing his sept leaders to fight their
own battles against Mikhail's armies, Alexandru gained their
respect. While his reputation for cruelty ensured that none
would dare betray him, his rewarding of the sept leaders who
served him increased his power. He abdicated his position as
King, and the five septs under him renewed their campaigns
against the Tzimisces, the Turks and the Silver Fangs.

Alexandru ThunderRage journeyed alone into the Umbra
one more time and never returned. He is said to have estab-
lished another kingdom within the Legendary Realm. The
epic poem of his journey through the Umbra and the
wisdom he found there has since been passed from each
generation of Shadow Lord Galliards to the next.

Rasputin

Rasputin was asemiliterate peasant who rose to political pre-
eminence in the court of Czar Nicholas II through a curious

mixture of religious fanaticism and sexual stamina. His alleged
ability to "cure" the hemophilia of Nicholas' heir apparent gave
him power over Czarina Alexandra Feodorovna, who helped
him become courtier to the royal family. In turn, his influence
over the czarina affected the political decisions of the czar.
As Rasputin hovered around the royal court, his allies
carefully maneuvered themselves into political positions within
the Russian government. Just as Rasputin served others, his
political pawns were useful to Setites, Malkavians and others
in the years that followed. When Rasputin's rivals finally
unmasked part of this conspiracy, they began to plot his
assassination. Shadow Lords claim that Rasputin would not


have been able to infiltrate the court of Czar Nicholas without
theassistance of Gaiaand Thunder, whilesome vampires posit
that the clumsy assassination attempts that followed were
merely a cover-up for his Embrace. Few actually know the
truth of the matter. Nonetheless, Shadow Lord Galliards (and
Ragabashes) have been known to tell and retell the elaborate
legends and conspiracy theories of the true story of Rasputin.

Boris Thunderstrike

The Thunderstrike Sept in Russia has been a stronghold of
Shadow Lord alliance for generations. Over 25 Lords gathered
there in the late 19th century as part of their resistance against
the encroaching troops of the Russian Empire. Originally de-
scended from emissaries to Catherine II, the dynasty of Shadow
Lords who ruled there were a continual threat to the Russian
Silver Fangsnearby. This was the heritage of Boris Thunderstrike.

While his family heritage would have ensured him a high-
ranking position within the moots of his sept, Boris demanded

the right to test himself through adversity by returning to the
homelands. His wandering eventually broughthim to the Sept
of the Night Sky in Wallachia, where the Silver Fangs had
held a tenuous hold over the caern for almost a century.

The local sept leader, Heart-of-Fury, was well-known for
his hospitality toward traveling Garou. To his great amuse-
ment, he was even more well-known among the Shadow Lords
for gloating to his guests of how the Silver Fangs had brought
stability to the region, justas the Soviets had brought theirown
"stability" to the region.

Since Heart-of-Fury was powerful, Boris Thunderstrike
petitioned toactas his Beta. While this public display instantly
earned Boris Thunderstrike shame within his tribe, Heart-of-
Fury knew he would be a fool to refuse the offer. In private
meetings with the local shadow moots, Boris argued that it was
his duty to support a strong leader. By convincing these
disparate conspiracies to support him, he built an elaborate
shadow moot that stretched across four countries.

Heart-of-Fury was certain that it was only a matter of time
before he unmasked the treachery of his Beta. Ego, nonethe-
less, continued to motivate him to show off his position of
power to visiting Garou. His egomania grew even stronger,
and more powerful and promising visitors to the sept were
recruited into the shadow moot. Soon, under the very nose of
the esteemed Silver Fang, the sept became the center of an
elaborate shadow campaign. From this vantage point, the
success of the campaign was assured.

Heart-of-Fury's forced abdication marked a turning point
in Shadow Lord history. The rewards that this Lord of the
Summit received after acting as a Beta to a Silver Fang were
well worth the risk. The Sept of the Night Sky is now a focal
point in Shadow Lord politics, and the shame served to the
Silver Fangs is now celebrated as an elaborate act of revenge.


|

"= MHADOW LORDS —S

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
rer A. Attributes mam—mmemeLoatrnar
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. e@0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence___e0000
Stamina____e0000 oe ree eoooo => - Wits__________eoo000
Calents shill Knowledges
Alertness, 00000 Animal aa 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl. 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge___________ooo000 _ Firearms________o0o0000 Law___________00000
Empathy) 9000 Leadership_____———s ) 7.000 Linguistics____————s )>7.000
Expression. 00000 Melee. 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair. 00000 oe 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, 00000 Rituals______————s 799900
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival_______o9900 Science____o9000

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
———=— Renown ——aw AA Rage mmm 1 Health mw
=e 00 990909000000 Bruised Oo
AAseasass oooooooooo =H, 4g
njured -l
0000000000 4 Gnosis moter Wounded 2 O
DOOUOOOOOOO goovoo000000 sane 2 =
tippled 5
Wisdom oooooooo00o eae el
bodaceadaaa nee
Willpower ——~ "Weakness
oooooo0o0o000 preted

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: | Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


wen Other Traits mime

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

i
)

Item:

Power,

—Lupus
= Strength (+1)

Item:

Power.

Item:

Power.

Item:

Power,

- gy
~eAA ee i ee
[Dedicated Level _____ Gnosis
Dedicated Level ____ Gnosis
Dedicated Level _____ Gnosis
DDedicated Level _____ Gnosis
wl ff tan Rites wenavernenrenCLratomar

Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage

Bite Dex + Brawl 5 Strength + If

——————___ 00000
————————. 00000
—————__ 00000
—————___ 00000
———————_—__ 00000
—__—___—___, 600090
——————___—. 00000
—————_—___ 00000
———————___ 00000
—————___—. 00000
—"— 00000
—————_—____—-. 00000

Body Slam Dex +Brawl 7 Special
Cw Dex + Brawl Strength + 2¢
Grapple Dex + Brawl Strength
Kick Dex + Brawl Strength + 1
Punch Dex Brawl Strength


Nature: Demeanor: {
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus
women Expanded B ackground oun iodine
Resources Pure Breed
Contacts Past Life
Kinfolk Pack Totem
A Zs Possessions mmmrabflrdmar At Experience wmmmrearmar
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:

Name TOTAL SPENT:
Caern Location Spent On:
Level Type

Totem
Leader.

lh —_—

a eee C7.

Age
Hair
Eyes.
Race.
Nationality
Sex,

Height | Weight
Homid_ | «Cattle Scars

Hlispo «NE Metis Deformity

Pack Chart Character Sketch

ET TE

A Weillobscures yoilr memory by day.
Béhold a@ shadow of what'Gnce was frees
Betrayed by ernaiiit children led astray,
We still revilethei# false nobility.
Our rivalsthavecondemned us to their. fates
Butldyedifis now dead to them inspive Us still
Weguard our memories in cloaks"of hate
/hile vengeangeystill awaits, through force of will
The datk,surcease of memory's refrain:

The sound ofLhunder echoes thydugh the rain

"Memory's Veil", Dark-Heatt-of- Thunders
Shadowll6rd:Galliard

Shadow Lords Tribebook includes:
© The history and cultiine of the Shadow Loris

Legends of the Garou" comieibook

© Five ready*toxplay character, templates

seecsentnsnren SHIT jc

780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
B SUITEAOD
RKSTON, GA 30021

WW 3058 $10.00
51000
