# File: Shadow Player's Guide.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ty) i
eee pn EAC py ( 3,

By Tim Akers, Andrew Bats jackie Cassada, Trevor Chase, Ben Chese, tf Combos, chard E. Darky, Eizabeth
bid Beth Fisch, El Huang james A. Moore, Lawrah Norton, Nicky Rea, Ethan ee and Cynthia Summers i

a3 ——, oo gee ene — —
eGo ee 7 ee i =
A Gr YP Ea iy Pe i


I AM NOT MORE CER'
TAIN THAN I BREATHE,
THAN THAT THE ASSUR'
ANCE OF THE WRONG OR
ERROR OF ANY ACTION
IS OFTEN THE ONE UN'
CONQUERABLE FORCE
WHICH IMPELS US, AND
ALONE IMPELS US TO
ITS PROSECUTION,


NOR WILL THIS OVERWHELMING
TENDENCY TO DO WRONG FOR THE
WRONG'S SAKE, ADMIT OF ANALYSIS,
OR RESOLUTION INTO ULTERIOR ELE'
MENTS. IT IS A RADICAL, A PRIMITIVE
IMPULSE — ELEMENTARY.

— EDGAR ALLAN Pog,
"THE IM? OF THE PERVERSE"


Writers: Tim Akers, Andrew Bates, Jackie Cassada, Trevor
Chase, Ben Chessell, Jeff Combos, Richard E. Dansky, Eliza-
beth Ditehburn, Beth Fischi, Ed Huang, James A. Moore,
Nicky Rea and Cynthia Summers

Developer: Richard E. Dansky

Editor: Ronni Radner

Additional Editing by: Anna Branscome

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: Guy Davis, Vince Locke, Andrew Ritchie, Fred
Hooper, Eric Lacombe, Michael Gaydos, and Chuck Regan

Front Cover: Henry Higgenbotham

Cover Design: Matt Milberger

Layout and Typesetting by: Matt Milberger

739 PARK NORTH BLVD.
& SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro

duetion without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character

sheets, which may be reproduced tor personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the As
sof White Wolf Publishing, Ine. All
rights reserved, A2on, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Shadow Players
Guide, The Risen, Wraith Players Guide, Dark Kingdom of Jade,

cension are registered trademark

Guildbook Artificers, Sea of Shadows and Love Beyond Death are

trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc, All rights reserved. All

characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference to any company or product in

these pages isnot a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned

This

themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and in

tended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised
Cheek out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.trp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA

4 Shadow Players Guide

‘
Special Thanks To:
Jane "Hurricane" Palmer, for getting stranded by Mother
Nature.
Tan "Ker-thump" Lemke, for all those strange noises in his
office ar 2 A.M.
Diane "Kill, Cujo!" Zamojski, for showing us the world's
droopiest ghoul
Rob "32A" Hatch, for getting in touch with his feminine
side — and wearing her clothes in the office.
Fred "Demolition Man" Yelk, for being the mightiest mage
in the world.
Extremely Special Thanks to the members of the Shadow
Defense Force Crack-Suicide Squad, for their last-minute help
and ideas: Phil "Wheeze'n'Hack" Brucato, Ash "House
Aspnes Lives!" Ganesan, James A. "AOL A.M." Moore,
Laurah "One Goth Joke Per Day" Norton, Clayton "Wolver-
ine Chow" Oliver and Ethan "Big Heads, Tiny Feet" Skemp.
Thank you all. You were lifesavers


Table of Contents

Ghost Story: Whispers ]

Chapter One: Shadows: The Big Picture BB iy)
Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks Bie
Chapter Three: The Dark Kingdoms 0
Chapter Four: Spectres and Risen 01 \ .
Chapter Five: Eidolon and the Lighter Side IIT
Chapter Six: Roleplaying 129 4

Contents

KO" GY a <a, Spy! (E


6 yay oe
20D eee


Ghos

Ory.

Whispers

gO) have to give credit where it's due; he does
242.4;| his best to ignore me. When he first de-
Se AI cided to wander the Shadowlands in
search of his beloved Melissa, | was less
) subtle than Iam now. I suggested thar the
easiest way to find Melissa might simply
he to throw himself into the Tempest.

I was young and naive. | hadn't been allowed the free-
dom to speak with him before. He disregarded me at first,
then demanded that | leav ic him alone; then he got abusive.
To be honest, | did not appreciate his attitude in the least.

He still doesn't understand that | have no choice in this
matter, no more than he does. We are, after all, only one be-
ing. Two sides ot the obolus, as It were.

1 used to shout, but now I've learned to whisper. Now he
listens without understanding that he Is following my sugges-
tions. I've even discovered when to stay quiet. When he found
his beloved Melissa at last, | kept my rongue. I didn't point out
what he already knew: If she'd loved him as deeply as he remem-
bered, she never would have killed him in the first place.

They'd made sweet, passionate love. He was feeling good
about himself and about his life. He was feeling warm and
comfortable in the afterglow. On impulse, he asked her to
marry him.

He'd expected warmth and happiness as a response. In-
stead he got confused silence. You'd think the fool would have
caught on then, wouldn't you?

I wasn't completely aware then, but I gave what warn-
ings | could. I sent butterflies to whir madly in his stomach
and increased his pulse rate until it was a thunder in his ears.

"Jerry," his sweet Melissa said in a quaking voice, "I can't
marry you. I don't love you."

Too late. Far, far too late to heed my warnings. Even when
he was alive, | tried to protect him from the things that would
hurt him the most. Even then he ignored me.

He calls me a monster, but | wasn't the one who flew
into a rage. I wasn't the one who accused Melissa of loving
another.

| wasn't the one who beat the truth out of her, though he

prefers to blame me.

Ghost Story: Whispers 4


MOT

It wasn't me she was aiming for when she climbed

from the floor and found the scissors in her second-from

the-top dresser-drawer. It wasn't my heart she wanted

to destroy when the cold, steel blades ripped through

his chest, Still, | should thank dear, sweet Melissa

for freeing me.

It was not that long after that we watched to

gether as she drove like a demon through the night.

Pursued by guilt, perhaps — we shall never know.

We sat beside her while he spoke to her

of his love and how he forgave her
for her transgressions. He longed to
touch her again, to hold her in his
arms. Did I stop him? No. | made
the task easier. | reached out with
his hand and I concentrated. It was
my strength that yanked the steering
wheel hard to the left and drove the
ear into the oncoming tractor-trailer,
even as she tried in vain to counter
me. | did that for him, so that his pain
would go away. Leven made sure that
he could not find her when she fell
into the Shadowlands. She should
have been easy to spot, but | worked
my subtle miracles and he over-
looked her completely.
He always has been easy to fool
Then he wasted time seeking het
7 out in the Shadowlands, looking for
Melissa in every place that might be im
portant to her. The bastard luck of it was that
he found her eventually. Before | knew what
was happening, they were reunited
Was he satisfied? Of course not. In his ig
norance and blind devotion to sweet Melissa,
he forgot that she did not love him. She hadn't
forgiven him, either. He forgave her for his
murder, but she could not forgive the repri
mand he'd given her. That's gratitude for you
For months I endured his constant whin
ing. | put up with his endless chasing after
Melissa and his ever-present requests for my
aid in getting her. | helped him, of course. I'd
do anything to ease his grief. Still, he could
« not understand that she was bad for him, and
so 1 was obligated again to take matters into
my own hands.
J admit it. Why would I deny it? I just waited until
he Slumbered, then used the body we share to track down
her Fetters and destroy them. It was not easy, but nothing
worthwhile ever is. I'm even the one who helped her
Shadow walk her to the edge of a Nihil and plummet into


oe
the great beyond. Sweet Melissa even thanked me. aha 8 > —
Well, at least some part of her did. I'm the one yd ahs - £& "
who turned a deaf ear to her screams as she ¢
was drawn down the end of her miserable
existence.

When he awoke to find her gone, he
blamed himself for her disappearance
Fool. He hadn't the strength to do what |
did. Still, who am I to claim all the glory
when he wants it for himself?

I listened to his endless prattling for
a while, and then | spoke again. |
pointed out that she had not wanted
to be with him, and that the ungrate-
ful bitch was unworthy of his affections \
and deserved whatever she got. She had
left him, after all

And his thanks for all I did for him?
He cursed me. He damned me toa thou-
sand years of suffering and wept his an-
ger out into the dark winds of the
Shadowlands. There are times when |
don't know why | bother.

The things I do for him are endless.
When he recovered from her loss and decided
to join with the Hierarchy, it was | who
averted that mistake. | was the one who
showed him the chains of servitude locked ‘
around the necks of so many. | pointed out
the errors of the Deathlords' ways and spoke
with his voice to make sure the butfoons in Stygia 4
heard my complaints. And when the barghests AN
came for him, he turned to me for aid in escaping,

My sacrifices for him know no bounds.

When he once again climbed to the Skinlands,
secking the comfort of his mother's arms, | warned him eS
that it was a mistake. She did not wish to know that her poor,
missing son was not only dead but still suffering. Did he lis-
ten? Of course not. He approached her anyway. When he
could not make her see him, | once again granted him help.

I let her see her precious son.

I did warn him, I told the fool that she would not want
to see him as he is. Still, he did not listen and T refuse to
take the blame he assigns me. It is mot my fault that
he still hears the his sears of his fatal wound for any-
one to see. That was entirely his choice, not mine. If
anyone deserves the blame, he does, or perhaps his
mother. Hers was the heart that could not take the
sight of him. Hers was the foot that missed the first
descending step. Perhaps he should blame gravity for ~
doing what it has always done to foolish people. Or
maybe he should blame the floor below for stopping her
fall, Not I. Lam as innocent as a lamb.

2
a
ghd

D


gear POOLE VIN I oP ee Ge
= = 7 hy e ai
At : x "3B i ie yi git ek a a
= M : =m ae Ooo Se i
"oa ata Aas Rane mart

"HOR INSAP UNO Sty JO spas ay pamos
pue Surat ays jo spnos ay2 padvas ay ‘spuvy syoo]> ays jo urds
ams duo JO "dove ye Adour YapmMur Joye Jopanut parr
WOd ay Spuyy pynoa oy suodvam s9A97vYA PUL YIoOI ‘spuLY YLA\
"HAS JOA0 MO} MT osedues {UDO! At uo Abp |[Pyauo juods °H

"parton Tang
‘ABM AU SOUTYR das WEY aYLU OF L95UG] YOO) I ‘SOUL pow
wos ‘oor Mout taduy aspey SuLyo Ag, -pooyss Aupung Arava
UL SIoYouad Aq pjor sal] Dusipes *pormstayy YI OW UHIEA [JF WUD
OUUT ISOUL OYI Uda ‘yao AIAG *PoTILAd 1A ay UY ASIOAL
qontu sey taygoud aya sdeysoag "aoejduourtuios se Mouy avou
SY SOMUOAL AYA paiNpud savy JAIL Poa oY ‘pla ye os] ey
b JO SAL YA payyy uaaq you pey purus sty yi sdeyrag gywap
wafn paar} oy IY) AUuUPstT oy) 4of paapdoad Waay OY PPE] Zaft pe 100
DY pray OU ey pig] Bunaf{ns sry fo 100.4 aya spar myA\ "210A Auu
PUNY | WOJoq Pasopisuod JoAoul ay SUOL San wary payse ]
AL Udas J9A9 P,P ISMHUO.NS UI SUA DUH ASISAL sty pue ‘pers
-NUOUL sea ysea APY "Adofay Uday JOA pey | Wey djaqns pur
[Myorws arOW se | "ads? O2 panunuos oy pur ‘suonsasons
AW panunuos | Zoary 7 ppHoys AY AY "4941 dows OU pp |
"HORNY LOS YO epuoae sty
jo aed v auesaq [pe Aoya — suvsiog uaa ‘sipaydoys ‘siaya0d
"Yq (001 *spoUIUUAL d4dM Koy? Ka.oig "wUITY payse | * Zs1si.Lp wuYas
ay? pun saszoyn oy2 fo mY A\ ‘A4oOUL atUOS parodsryM [| OS
ssTHOIYA JOYys UO
spury sno YAN LMOp 19 []u — sdddopanuu ‘sasides ‘siasanyy
‘pawsuew aeyA ssuryy Apuo ayy atesdsg uted puke adua]olA
*poojg "WAY aOJag [J] EY S[EUTLELD Yd 998.0) SEA JLOR TULALIP aos
SIP] doy ase sry punoy oy pure paueasuos TY OF d9Ud]
-O1A pu UoHdAwdOS yo soungoid padrjdsip smau ay_p ‘apesnas
(yoy B UO YO sea ay SurYy ol dadsiyM O12 UBBa|G | dye yoo
¥ UbYL ssoTq "UPI puk sUbLsaBSNs AU YOO OP] "Ast SBA 4]
(Cotnseayd UM soy Joy
JOYNS SHOYIO 2YLU PyHOay OYA soy jo Aq 91US 94a PL dou
AUA\,, POYSE | .ZUOISTAIpns auo ae doas Aq Ay, "Yeap sty oatds
"op ‘ppeay aya OF quULIOdUI seay AY geya Surroad yo poyiou
E papeou Aparesodsop apy ooUddayIP & BuryeUr seay oy aeya
aos 04 Ae BJO pao UL YN Os ‘pagezasnsy Os Apyagye seas of]
YNIYyIP Aida duseay IP Posodsiya | Spagsoa oy UayA puy:
Ara POOLE ayp paypeas ApTEpNGos OY spepuesr oya
WOd Wot) SULDAION FesstaYAy JOOMS PUL FOUIOUWU Sty JO SOAuD
OY) dvsosaid ppnoar oy puke ‘vase YI OUT paroyI]s OYA WINDS
Mopar ays wos dyes pooysogysiau Po sry aye ppHoar op]
"AULAT) OU) DUOUE OW SIY Woy Padaquioload oy Burp Asad
AAS Pphoa ay II paploop opp "WAY UIA Sugye Joyns
AU AYLI OF poou sty Ul Judasisiod su oy HUY UEC "SU
"SINS ONULUOS OF UOSBAY MOU EB YLOR MOLL B PUNGY AY OS
saneulep YSNUL os Op PyHod YI
peupeun tosou 7 ‘Ayeayy away puw ured yo syouiys aya yay
SUOTE AYSIU 94) Po|POMs L9BHUB SNOIYSL JO S|MOY STEP IUA]OLA
pue poojy seay assay ‘aydood yo aos sty Aporxa youressa1aM
Agu wy paoase oy pue "owoy peyes oouUo pey ay asnoy oy

UL SIOyBap BHP ay wnoge potodsryay [ ‘sada Ay ‘sada Mou Yala

apiny stakeid mopeys Ol

yy aya puke Avsop oud aves aty vou dng "Yon posoaye dupey
HW ‘ppor oq yanay sade sty UL sway ae aig e aarnb payesouasap
aavy or pauvodde pooqsogysiou Wy oy UPeIOD apeELut |
"yan Apsn aya aos ay 'pasoy
"WOW OY SBUIUD [AYIA od Jo peaysuy sparujoddesip sev
DIDATEU SIYAOSUNOD JO) "HATE SEAL OL MOLY pey AL se OABIE OU
WO SOI OY UdYAr SUES at YOO] OF PPO ays poweadxa ap]
*PeoIsAUOY PO oy Mes oY UOtAr AzeID ap] B IOAN O]]
{suolshy|!
SIY daueys OF 7 skay OY AY ‘MWOY Poyye pey ay aoe aya un
SATp aysiu aydoad aoyio Wey LLY OF pasns.0 daaou ay "Yeap
SIU DOUIS passed pry sivad OMA SOLUTE WIP, YULYD JOU PIP ap]
"wiry dows Jou prp | pue ‘awoy spy Or uNgas OF pasUoy af]
"WHY [PH] 02 Pasn Poys WE? stossios oy Pey [tou soy
sy ‘umo Aur yO 9UO pey | OUT Isayp oy top puw Apog sty pey
9} "Younes duos NOY A sOUW]e seAY SpUePUTYS aya OF Wands
sty ‘Apog sty OWL AND IWwYY solay parySiom ayy Wor apisyy "sil
stu 9 ays apisino Aienb ayes pauopurge aya yo siya
ay) OyUT asduoo BunKopY SHY Paypor p,oys ‘Agayauias e UL Wty
poling jou pey esstpayy omg "oIeUNIIOY sear ay asoddns |
DY pphoay oy Moun | se gsnf Addey os sean op]
poaise | ‘pua aya uy
"djay sea op o2 parueay 7 [fe Uoyar atu Woda Aeave pouiny pey
ay dW aaa Joy dayns wiry apeud | "[aAows wy opeur yp ‘op
OF HUIYD OYA svar siya dey) atu japensuad,, wy day 7 adesues
aya Aq sear [ paysoys MOY arouDy LUTY Id] J "Ysayp aya jo pure]
AYA O GANA OF ayqissod aaa IL JL payse ay Uayar aoULIOUTT
SULUSID) IOA AW UT ssatuadva op yorq ppay | sey "YO
"Pap! sIy sky dt yaya ary aye oo pry |
"BUY [PUOTILL
B OU SE OH ‘Soop LUG CEM AyeuOL et SHUTUA sshosip OF BULAIy
AqpeNIDL LYN Udas AALY | LOZ SOPAYNs dq Or peY TUN Jo yap
JOG Be YOO YC) Wey OF poruvay oy Tey ApoPXO UULY PpOI |
‘povad puy o2 edoy ay ppnoo urese yey ayy paypeay ay uayar
Ajuo deya Wry Pyor 7 "Apoy sty Ui Sunsoas Apyxy sew sto]
-qoad siy [pe yo oor aya wey padadsiyar | spasadsrya | oS
BUMOYNS SN JO YIOg oy
sdoay wey st aaeyd papYsi sty Ajap or poau yuvasuos sty wey
40 "]POH Uy Apeagye si oy deus pueasiopun oy autos you sey ey
‘Aup stys OF "OW pauttiapuos Wing sly UL oy paw ty Mopywos
OV asog At pip | ‘sdvaype sy "Os Joyns OF opeut sem oy Ayr ut
yse Apurjsuod Gnoge surdout awn sty quads ay urn
"PAAMasoap oYs Jeu 105 WOM POUL
"poysney | BAYOU paaopag sty fo ssoy oy ae AjpLonayaed paqyos
JH OUULD | ‘SHUN asoYA BIO} IOU OP | ‘sapess peg Tuya
1Of PUL SOYOOD GULYLA LOJ podtadas dy SHULLOY dy ae 00)
"HONODIOT "LSSIOYY OMS Sty SuYEP WY TURN JOU PIP ays
IVY IOAIOY O4 SLUDDS DEP AY Porsadsey sdodvay, aya se posod
=I AUYPOU PAAO]aq, SIE] SUBS TPMYS ‘poyorued ays soy jpias
sddom ap] LOY punowr pplom aq aas aysiu ays wy? os [Nes
Jot AAOUAL SEM PIP | [PY ‘SPuepMWOpEYS ayy OIUut [Joy ays se TOY,
POUTELS OYM SUdALTS OY AOy oULTG ays Adddoe | PPA\ JON

SS EL ee eS
z eee Cc. ay
i} (HX


When the rage finally left him, he was torn and battered.
He'd destroyed everything in his path and survived to remem
her the carnage he had left behind. In ruins of the "crack
house" he once again called his home, he stared at the televi-
sion and heard the tales of mass murder and yiolence. The
national news gave the story a five-minute report, and during
that time, he patted himself on the back,.pleased with what
he had ac mmplished., Then the newscaster moved on to other
abominations.

Exhausted and badly wounded, he listened with growing
horror, Slowly he realized that his actions made not the least
bir of difference to the world at large. The crime rate had not
changed, and drugs still were bought and sold. People still
suffered, and graves were still vandalized. Outside in the street,
he could hear vuntire, Nothing had changed, despite all that
I'd goaded him to do.

Say
ere MS
f

Seu"

He wept at the futility, and in that sweer moment, he was
mine. With just the slightest push, | made him surrender his earthly
form for the second time. Reunited again, we moved into the
Shadowlands and met the deluge of Enfants he had delivered into
the death realm, We saw the Hierarchy in all its glory, soldiers Reap-
ing those poor souls who never had a chance ¢ against his anger.

Numbed and shocked beyond his ability to cope, he was
easily guided to the edge of a Nihil. Together we stared into
the darkness of Oblivion.

We stand but one step away from the peace | have de-
sired for so long. Below, my brothers await to take us to the
mouth of the Void.

He no longer has the will to fight

My foot moves.

He screams

If Thad the capacity, | would weep with joy.

Ghost Story: Whispers iW



elcome to the Shadow Players Guide
Shadows are an integral part of Wraith,
and good Shadowplay is a sine qua non for
any good Wraith chronicle. However,
| that's about as far as current agreement on

Shadows goes, What exactly Shadows are,

what they're after and what tactics they

these are all topies of intense debate. [s the

should use

Shadow pure evil, or is ita laughing Buddha teacher figure? Is
Catharsis a necessary psychological tool or merely an excuse
for playtime? How ean a troupe balance Shadowguiding and
gameplay without giving cither Psyche or Shadow short shrift?

These questions, and others like them, are the raison d'etre
for this book. While innumerable roleplaying campaigns have
revolved around laying waste to the rest of your party of ad-
venturers (triple damage on a backstab, was it?), playing a
sanctioned role dedicated to another character's destruction

is something a little different. No longer is annihilating an-

Chapter One
shadows —
The Big Picture

other character a jokey part of gameplay; in Wraith this con
flict becomes deadly serious. It is an integral part of Wraith,
and yet it is one thar many players have great difficulry un
derstanding.

Of course, everyone can understand a basic character,
more or less. The key to understanding this conflict berween
Psyche and Shadow, then, lies in understanding the Shadow
This means coming to grips with what it wants, what it needs
and where it wants to go, Once the Shadow becomes a real
personality, then suddenly it becomes a character who can be
played — and played well

That's where this hook comes in. Ir attacks the problem
of what the Shadow is and how to play a Shadow properly
from several angles. There are cultural, strategic and philo:
sophical approaches to these ticklish questions contained in
the pages ahead. Not all of the answers are here, but at least
the following chapters have asked the right questions


How to Use This Book

The Shadow Players Guideis-aisopt of tour guideto:
thly existence, hy here you ll find:

the darker side of wre

— An introduction to what exactly,a Shadow is, more
or lessi(We're still working on it ourselves, to be honest.)

—= New Archetypes, Thorns, Merits and Flaws for
Shadows not tomhention some dirty,c#ieks and information
on whaf.a,SWadow actwally dogs@luring a Harrowing.

— Tiformation onthe Shadows of wraiths from Dark
Kingdotns besides Seygiat,

— Help with playing Spectres in Wraith games, tid-
bits on the Shadows of Risen, an' introduction to
Dootiislayétsand ‘mote, peripheral information.

Fer all of yoti goody-tworshoes types out there,
nded information on Eidolon and Gastigation.
—®And a few short essays Of assorted Shadowy topi
This book isn't' be-all and end-all Instead ehin

Of ivasa buffet of Shadowy delights" Pickand hoose at
yout leisure (but g@light on the Bidolon: Too many Sweets:
can be bad for y6u)9

What is the Shadow?

=o) magine death. I'm not talking abour the

| afterlife here, bur rather the act of dying
A, itself. No matter how accepting of death
¢ | pop culture makes a given society our to
be, dying is still an event loathed and
| feared in some way by damned near every
~ human being on this planet. While there
are many stories written and told about how people hav ie Te-
turned from the precipice thar is dying, few of these tales de-
scribe what having your life slip away actually feels like. More
importantly, none of these near-death monologues describe
the formation of the Shadow
[t is known that every wraith has a Shadow. It is known
that there must be a Shadow in order for the wraith to exist at

all. It

Psyche''s part,

is also known that withour eternal vigilance on the
a Shadow will slowly corrupe and destroy the
wraith's Passions and Ferters until the wraith succumbs to
Oblivion. Complicating matters, it is taken as gospel that
while it may be possible to weaken the power of the Shadow,
After all,

»
part of the wraith as the Psyche is; to destroy that aspect of a

to destroy it is suicidal the Shadow is as much a
wraith's personality would be to lobotomize the wraith's soul.

Bur these are all facts about Shadows. Thus far, no one

has asked: What is a Shadow?

There is an undeniable duality ina wraith. One side is
represented by the Psyche, the other by her Shadow. These
two aspects of a single wraith are always in conflict from the
moment of their transition across the Shroud, Ir is an eternal
struggle that these two personalities engage in, and more im

portantly, the struggle is a personal one. But whar do these

struggling aspects of a single soul stand for? How can one play
a Shadow without knowing what a Shadow is?

One cannot deny that the Psyche rules a wraith's actions
if nothing else, it's stated clearly in the rules. Yet one of the core
themes of the World of Darkness games is astriving to challenge
one's perceptions of good and evil. Theretore, a Shadow cannot
just be the evil side of a wraith. That's too easy.

Everyone knows that wraiths can be just as corrupt and as
evilas living humans in the Skinlands. Why should death change
thar? There's no moral component to dying. More importantly,
how can an aspect of a wraith's personality be so neatly catego
rized as her "evil side" when she might already be evil by society's
standards? How can one represent the repressed emotions of a

sociopath as better or worse than her conscious desires? Not all

who become wraiths are angels. In other words, the genesis of
the Shadow is far too complex a moral conundrum to reduce toa
ease of "good wraith, bad wraith."

Sim

So ifa Shadow isn't.a wraith's "evil" side, what is it

ply pur, a Shadow is the part of the wraith that wants the
wraith to fail, the part that wants the wraith to be damned

This,

with every other Shadow. The Psyche may struggle for self

and this alone, is what every Shadow has in common
actualization, Transcendence or personal power, but every
Shadow has the same end in mind for its other half

The Shadow embraces the darker emotions of the wraith,
feeding upon and strengthening them. It revels in ideas that
represent excess and personal weaknesses, exploiting any that
the wraith may have. While this sort of exploration of excess
can be subjective, depending on the wraith's personality, back
ground and beliefs, everyone has chinks in their armor (and
Shadows are very good at finding them), Common vices are a
good start for a Shadow, as are societal values that may not
hold up under the harsh light of the Underworld. Greed, ad
diction, arrogance and prejudice are all good places to begin

an assault on the Psyche, but they only serve as starting points

Developing the Shadow

A good way of defining a Shadow archetype for a pat
ticular character is through an exercise adapted from those
sel-improvement tapes advertised via direct-mail campaigns
and infomercials. Complete this sentence: "This character
would have been both satisfied and successful in life (and
death) if only he hadn't been so ss

The word thar you fill into that blank should give you a
general idea of the tenor of the underlying emotional dark-

ness and telling flaw of the character. You should choose a


*

weakness the Psycheguide understands and recognizes as an
essential part of his character's persona, and work from there
to bring depth to the Shadow. Key incidents in the character's
life should be gone over, with the player and the Shadowguide
explaining to cach other their different perceptions of the
formative events.

One of the most important roles of the Shadowguide in
volves blurring the delineation between the Shadow and the

Psyche. A Shadow's job is to reinforce the perception that it is

«4

not a separate entity, that all of its foulness comes from within

«*

the wraith. It should appear to be part of the whole that is the
wraith, not an external opponent who is casy to objectity and
combat. Not every action or suggestion the Shadow makes needs
to be directly corrupting, only self-serving

Why? Because as a Shadowguide you are in essence rep
resenting a different agenda of the same entity as the player
While these two agendas will and must conflict on occasion,

they don't have to butt heads all the time. Both Shadow and

For Example...

Sister. Mary Margaret's player and-her Shadowguide ‘dis?
cuss,her Shadow. They discuss Mary Margaret's backorditmd ane
agree that the bést aspect of her personality to work upon is the
fact thar while she has complete faith iin God, She has-always
had absoltirel), no\faith in humankind. Bearing betrayal, she
finds it diffiddteto talk to, trust or askefopassistance from othetS:

With this established, the playerand Shatlowguide céntinue
brainstorniiig td figure out what made Sistér Maryidevelop that
way. Mary's playeh explains that the teasén sheitirmed to Ged
of her priests in Catholic School; Aicerttain
Father‘Kiley. FathenKiley was kind to Mary, who had been some-
thing' df 2 social recluse. He fectuited her ita ithe choir, where
she leathed\tOove being in the relative stillness and serenity of
the chutch, \Aénvoice jaining othets' in worship and praise.

was because of

Hearing this)Mary's,Shadowenide géts an idea. He
suggeststhe Shadow Axchetype: Paraneid 1ovreflect Mary's
distrust of othets. He alsydecidestthiat whife\Mary ‘has ‘al-
ways had genuinely fond memories of Father Kiley, Mary's
Shadow nighe hayésSomé"doubthas topkather Kile~Surve
motives. Playing up'theicharacter'stears, he twists ‘the af-
fection and Kindness *that'Father Kiley showed, Mary-itito
somethif? unpleasant and depraved/ 7 he Shadowguide cah
how use theseviléeted memories ‘to color future interactions
inyelVing trust of other pedplé,When-Mary's Psyche, in ati
attempt to ovéerddime her féar of trusting others; tries to re-
fer.to Father Kileyyas ‘an example of a tristworthy person,
thé Shadow,can pétvert this thought, as well as. thémemoty
from which Mary draws strength.


<3—F

so

Psyche can work toward a given goal; the Shadow is just likely
to be a bit more open about the selfish nature of the benefits
to be gained. Also, by confusing issues and every so often
working toward the Psyche's best interests, the Shadow posi-
tions itself as reasonable, helpful and useful. Once this is done,
the wraith will nor blindly disregard the Shadow's urgings and

westions quite so reflexively ifter all, last time around

he turned out to have some great ideas

A Shadow must compliment its Psyche. If a character is
cold and calculating, as a Shadowguide you must have ele
ments of thar personality even if you decide that the Shadow
is more primal in nature. The Shadow shouldn't necessarily
be unrecognizably different than the Psyche, but it should
represent another path that the core personality could and

still might take

Shadow Themes

The role the Shadow plays in illuminating the ramifica
tions of "the path not taken" answers many questions about
After

Shadow does demonstrates a choice the Psyche might easily

why the Shadow seeks Oblivion. ill, every thing the

have made and an action the Psyche might very well have
taken. Every driving motive the Shadow has could well have
fueled the Psyche at some point. With that in mind, here are

some of the basic themes of Shadow existence

 Self-Hatred — You know you have done many things wrong
in your life; you've committed horrible deeds that you should pay
for. While your Psyche has either forgotten or forgiven herself for
ul these misdeeds, you have not. You feel the need to destroy
yourself to make proper atonement for all you've done wrong. You
will nor allow any sort of rationalization or weaseling to deter you
from paying for your crimes the delay just makes it worse
© Indulgence — All your lite you were told not to do this
and not todo that, All your life you did what everyone considered
tobe the ight and proper things. You always chose right over wrong,
in hopes of achieving salvation or at least a favorable karmic bal
ince When you died. That was what made the denial of pleasure

worthwhile: the notion of the reward at the end of the road

So you denied yourself many thrills and pleasures, and
ll for what? An afterlife? This afterlife? Isn't it time to live a
little, to say to hell with right and wrong? There is no tinal
salvation, there are no just desserts, and it's time for you to
ger what's coming to you. Take your pleasures and live

¢ Denial

vaguely remember images of yourself dying, but ir wasn't you;

You are not dead. You have not died. You

it couldn'r be. Perhaps you are unconscious, perhaps you are
After all,

still around to be having this conversation with yourself

dreaming, but you are certainly not dead you're
The weirdest part of this dream is that there seem to be
two parts of you. One part apparently moves you from place

to place, as a dream would, and that guy takes this stuff way


ts Thee

too seriously. Come on, a society of ie dead? Charon? Le

gionnaires? The wonders that a subconscious can come up
with. It is a bit interesting, but hardly reality. You can't help
but treat this like a game, and games don't have consequences,
do they?

© Fear — All your life you've been taught to fight death
ind to fear death. You've been taught how life is the most
precious thing in creation and now you'ye just lost yours. And
you are afraid. Very afraid. You are afraid that this is all there
is. You're afraid thar this isn't all there is, and thar you might

have to die-again. You're afraid to form bonds here, because
you might lose them, and you're afraid to let go. You're afraid
tocommit. You're afraid ro run, to fight, to die, to Transcend,

heeause any action can be the wrong one.

Shadowguide Strategies:

Now thar you have fleshed out the Shadow you'll be guid-
ing, and know both who the Shadow is and what it wants, it
is time ro think ahourt session-to-session play. While the
Shadow's primary goal is gaining Angst (with causing Catharsis
ind crafting Harrowings neck-and-neck for second: and third
most-important goals), the relentless quest for Angst shouldn't
be the sum and total of the Shadow's in-game presence. There
ire plans to saboraye, allies ro alienare, snide comments to
make and hearts to break. If you can pick up Angst by doing
these things, it's a bonus

The role of the Shadowguide isa difficult one. Remem
her thar the Shadowguide has a greater responsibility to the
flow and balance of the game than the Psycheguide does. At
ter all, the Psyche is the star of the story. The Shadow is merely
the villain, and therefore, part of the supporting cast

In this matter you should be assisting both the Chronicle
and the Storyteller. This may mean opting for silence when
speaking or acting would otherwise interfere with the diree-
tion and pace of the adventure. It means resisting the urge to
try for Catharsis at a moment of crucial emotional delicacy,
simply because doing so wrecks a month's worth of caretul
buildup. It means knowing when to pull back for the sake of
the story and the other players.

Whereas the

Shadowguide must be aware of the story at large, the Shadow

And here we hit a contradiction.
is basically selfish and self-serving. Its entire existence is that
of a prisoner in a being under the control and whim of the
Psyche. While a Shadow's existence is a harsh one (watching
the Psyche do everything wrong), its secondary position al-
lows the Shadow to plan, plot and prepare numerous surprises
for the Psyche to encounter
This is where the fun starts — but be careful not to have
too much fun. After all, the game has to come first. Good old

sadistic, self-serving fun is merely a close second

cee Success:

One of the primary. goals of a Shadow is to discourage
the suecess of the Psyche, primarily because success builds up

Angst

good idea to allow the Psyche the occasional bit of success to

the ego and isn't conducive to either angst or Itisa
creare a false sense of security that you can take away at any
moment, bur nor such a good idea when the successes give
the Psyche a solid foundation to build upon for future con
quests

Success is relative. While it is not always possible to cor-
rupt the Psyche per se, it is possible to corrupt its actions or
even the perception of its actions until the Psyche's success

becomes your own

for Examples.

Orel Rooneyza Puppeteer, takes conteakofanioral and:
uses this pawi's-abjlitiesixamsavehis (still-livingwitetrom @
Sanwotmuggers who-have been failing her. Erustrated by the
Psyehe's success; @fel's"Shadow uses the Thorn: Freudian
Slip-toamake:the "heroic" mortal ask-Orel's wife to dinner.
This is done-just before Orel leaves the body to head back
actoss.the-Shioud, so it's too late for him to make a counter*
movyeandenullity this gentéel offer ffom the, charming res-
cuet As Orel watches imnpotently, his wife accepts the invi-

tatior-and 4 relationship is bomthat may end up displacing.
him in his widow's affections,
While Orel did succéédeinefreeing his wife from the

muggers, Orel'S;Shadow' quickly subverted that-triumph.
Orel'sShadow has-Given him a series of unpalatable
choices: Destroythe pudding relationship and inflict pain
On his widow; lefthe relationship-develop-but continue
to-Skinride the-mortal, making thé¥omance the worst
Sort oflie;orsit and watcK as his.widow falls inlove-with
somedne.elsé-No matter whaefpath he*chooses, all the
whilé@relwittheseéthingwith the sort of negative emo-
tionshis- Shadow knows /exactly-how to use.

Exploit Weaknesses

\ Shadow knows some, if nor all, of a wraith's most inti-
mare secrets, More importantly, ir knows exactly how the
wraith works mentally. It knows best how to adapt its actions
to greatest effect, as a Shadow is a tormentor with but one
victim itself, If the Psyche has flaws, exploit them. If he
has poor skills in a particular area, make it so that his exist-
ence depends on those skills, and then harp on his fepeated
failures. If he has prejudices, get into situations where those
prejudices come up. Don't be afraid to complain to the Story-
teller if your wraith conveniently forgets his flaws (and Flaws)

No doubt your own Shadowguide will do the same for you

Ff But don't make the mistake of limiting

yourself to the figures or statistics written on
the character sheer. Figure our how the wraith
thinks and acts. Try to understand the pattern of
his thoughts and actions and then disrupt them

ge Ai, #2 ig-taining Whos Hor |
I terns good'at Moliate yeti/She'swery self-corie
"scious about,thisyand-Rates-beingrasked) tiause her
»' Arcangs in'public. This reluctance, ofcourse, comes
out of fearfthapshe Il be embarrassed by_messingvup )
a Moliatign while people are watthingy
This ofycourss, is meat and drinkite her
Shadow, He starts ‘using bis Thotis, like Devil's
Dare (LilavaigerS-Angstyoucan't make that Spook
over fhére look better than he ddes.ndw... ioe Frewd-)
ia Slip-(Whoops\Dictour arvjist.co ups vole
teer?) OF Trick Sfthe Light(Heyids ottrface mele
ing? Lobked likelit fOr aptinute dc en)-all With: the goal _
offforting Alixdowise Moliat in:publiesThesre>

ne ana

Another way of dealing with the
Psyche has to do with causing doubt
making the wraith afraid to act. Un

dermine the wraith's self-confidence

At times, try some psychological war
fare egg her on to an action that you

don't really want her to take, but cack

to yourself while she's attempting it, Pe
riods when the wraith is trying to make
vital decisions may call for the judicior

passing of notes to the Storyteller, just to
raise the paranoia level a little. The
whole idea is to make the wraith que

tion every step she might make and ey
ery action she might take. If you do this well enough
itera while she'll start questioning herself so much

thar you won't have to do « y anything

Another good tactic is to explore and suggest
» many options that you bury the Psyche in q

bilities and paths that she can take: If she actu

lly stumbles across a good option to consider,

ittack the smallest detail of that option and
make her debate with you how bad
screwed up this tiny detail is. (Note

Don't do this if the Storyteller has

5 Shadow Players Guide


ally, he feels secure enough in
is Arcanoi to move Out on his own.
' His Shadow, on the Sther hand,
Hogeerlike this one bit. If Clayton gets
« Meaddat handling external threats,

5 (oe it goifig to be before he

5 a grip se dealing with, internal
Tea heirs {He planis,to mo are

There


a 2?
gf
BS cies

funny thing is that they expect that of everyone they deal
with as well

Part of this expecration of truth comes from

the truism that roleplaying demands that you

grant a reality to the narration of the Storyteller

and your tellow players. People can get confused

abour what is real and what isn't when someone

in this shared reality goes about spelling out un

truths. After all, the only thing you have tying

you to the world you're playing in is the succes

sion of words coming out of the Storyteller's mouth

If you can't trust that narrative, what can you trust

However, the rules you have to abide by asa player

go out the window when you're Shadowguiding. As a

Shadow, it is your job to make the Psyche distrust real

ity, and the easiest way to do this is to lie

Lying works. Mind you, you don't have to

lie all the time. You just have to lie often enough

that the Psyche is aware that you can lie. Once

he doubts your veracity, you can start interspers

ing truths that he shrugs off as more mendacity

at his own peril.

The keys toa good lie are twofold. The first
part is a lack of concrete facts that immediately
contradicts what you say. For example, the state
ment, "The sky is green," is a rotten lie because
it is immediately proven to be false, no matter
what excuses or rationalizations you use to sup-

port it. On the other hand, the statement,
"Back in the Bronze Age they used thyme asa
preservative," isa much better lie because rarely
do people know what actually happened in the
Bronze Age. Who really has the expertise to dis

pute you, and who's going to want to look like a
fool trying?

Until someone works up the gumption to
contradict you, you have as much claim to the
truth as they do, which brings us to the second

part of a good lie: confidence. You should he
confident when you tell a lie. Remember that as
far as your audience is concerned, you are stating
a fact. Don't allow the Psyche the slightest room
for doubt by putting conditional modifiers like "I
think," "it may," or "I'm almost positive." Also make
sure that lying isn't the only time you don't use condi
tional modifiers in your speech — Psyches aren't neces
sarily stupid, and they will pick up on such details.

20 Shadow Players Guide

ie Siro

ey

Ori

Ca


ay ‘ ae ‘ ©
TON le Wee 2 J

for <i

Susan is trying hard to-gaithe trust of a bhew Girele
of Renegades she's falléfamonga@bViously, they're not
@oiny to trust her until she proves her worth, so sheeomes

Up-with the notion of leading astrikeforce into the leeal
Citadel and swiping a fewsvallitable Artifacts.

Susan's Shadow sees this as. Polden/Opportunity t pet
both sides ofthe law mad@ther Hf she Gah somehaw botch
the operation Both thé Hidraréliy andthe Renegades ate
going to be lokiny fot Susam withiblodchin thein collective
eye. With that in Mind; Susan's Shadowwdtops Susan a few
mts about knowifig the! layout of the! Gitadel defenses:

Now, there's Howational way Susan's Shadow could
have come byhiat knipwledge! However, the possibility/is
just so tempting that in the end, Susan just might give in
and listen to ber Shadow, After all, the information her
Sfaddwis doling outse@ms $0 reasonable. Wielf luck, the
expedition will bémotinted according to Susan's Srévela-
tions"; the intruders will blunder into the-guards, and
everyone's going to blame Susan for the plan's failure.

Why? Because the lies sounded good.

Engender Fear

This is by far the roughest job for the Shadow. It is far too
easy for the Psyche's player to ignore what should scare her, just by
focusing on the fact that her character's reality is just a game.
Optimally, the Shadow should create a personal horror or hell just
for the wraith; ir should attack the wraith's beliefs one by one and
corrupt the pillars that support the wraith's efforts to resist Oblivion

A Shadow is something and someone the wraith can

never flee from something the wraith can only ignore pe-

riodically. No seerets can be hidden; no actions can be unno-

ticed with the Shadow around. This in and of itself can be

cause for fear — with every peceadillo observed and com-
mented upon, there is no such thing as a secret any longer
However, there are more overt techniques that can be

used hy the energetic Shadowguide. If you know your Psyche's

phobias, maneuver her into situations where they come into
play. Make sure to remind her of unpleasiunt past experiences,
and foreshadow repeat sessions in the near furure. Make idle
threats — or not-so-idle ones — ahour whar you'll do once
you gain control in a Carharsis. With any luck, you'll be able
to divert a wraith from acting on her own to reacting to you,

and then things can get really interesting

forsbeamplé.

MichacLis'4 wild-eyéd"idealist of a tebe] haunting
thé Pittsburgh Necropolis. Nearly Reaped by thd soldiers
of the Bifierald Legion after big déath in amauto atcident,
he Hasaifear-incapacitatingfear of tho8e oaps masked
bya implacable hatred.

Of course, this doesn#tfool Midhiael's Shadow, Belit-
tling him by using the difminWbive "Mikey" bedttacks on

tw@fonts. Primarily, he claims that Mikeys just cbjicken.
To spicethimgs up, the/Shadow also plays on@Miéhael's
paranoia by/censtantly droppingehimts that he's actually
leading Engerald Legion soldiers to Mikeysd@une This
forces Mi€hael to confront He alWays-troubling issue of
his6wn d@burage atthe same timethaithe'sficed with real
concerns about his personalysecurity.

Of cgurse, if Michael proves resistant.tethe first wave
of the agsault, rhe Shadow,eanwisimply Wait until the next
round of CatMarsis4Walkdown to the Citadel, and enlist

4
>



DN No ith
ARTI CSS Doe? inc FI \\ 24

Chapter Two:
Systems and
Dirty Tricks

very Shadow is unique. Each has a per- Escalation, anyone?

sonal history to draw tipon, an individual

Psyche down to nothingness. Even worse,

each Shadow is alone in its battle, trapped

inside the mind of the enemy with only he Delver — Nothing is as simple as it

brief respites of freedom. It is a thankless war, and one thar scems, and nothing is worthwhile unless

surely brings the Shadow little joy in its waging. it involves some significant issue. This

5) : Shadow plumbs the depths of everything
Well, maybe not, but that's the way many of them feel eal Salat 2

and anything, looking for a subtext even

about themselves. That's also why inside the head of every : Pl
if one doesn't exist. "What are you really

thinking?" is her mantra; "Why did you

wraith there's an arms race going on.

The number of types — or Archetypes — of Shadows dwell- a .
: ; s really do that?" The Delver's not satisfied with easy or obvious
ing in the Underworld is practically limitless. The bag of dirty
answers; she has to pick everything apart until she drives you,
tricks, nasty tactics and Thorns they have access to grows every
your friends and everyone you encounter stark raving mad.
day, and when Shadows have the opportunity, they compare %
: , The Delver isn't paranoid in the traditional sense; she
notes. For every stratagem a clever Pardoner comes up with to :
‘ ; 7 may suspect conspiracies against you, but that's not her real
countermand a beloved Shadow plor, somewhere a soul's less :
focus. No, she just wants to figure out what lies beyond the
pleasant half is coming up with something new and vile. i
; f obvious answers, and she will not accept that some things are
Shadows may be selfish, but they're not stupid. Shadows 7
; exactly what they appear to be. When she takes control, she
may be trapped, but they're not ineffective. Shadows may he
; ; Shadow asks painfully probing questions, dissects every an-
quiet sometimes, but that doesn't mean that they're unarmed.

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks 23


swer and comes back for more. By seeking a roor cause be

hind every gesture, joke or glance, she throws you into adown

ward spiral where everything needs a second guess... and a
third and a fourth and a fifth
¢ The Plague Dog

lic. The real curse of your condition is that everything rhat

Sickness doesn't end when you

was wrong with you when you where alive has followed you
to the Shadowlands. Damn that cough — it's never going away
now. That old war wound still pains you when the war itself is
And who
tatigue syndrome lasted forever

illness

never lets you forget it

only memories would have guessed that chronic
The Plague Dog knows that

is something that roors itself deep in the soul, and he

Unlike the Hypochondriae Shadow, the Plague Dog doesn't

imagine a host of new sicknesses for you. Instead, he latches onto

24 Shadow Players Guide

some real (or imagined) infirmity from your bygone life and car

ries it into the Underworld after your body has (theoretically)
left even the possibility of disability hehind. When he assumes

# was broken

control, every move becomes a struggle. If your le
before you died, he makes you limp in pain. If you had a nasty
cold, he forces you to cough up incorporeal phlegm. If you suf
fered from some chronic disability (real or otherwise), he'll say
your energy by reminding you just how sick you feel — often at
the worst times. Through a combination of "physical" pain, weak
ness and whispered suggestions, the Plague Dog undercuts your
immortality by recalling the frailties of mortal flesh and all its
attendant aches and pains

¢ The Rager

those goddamned (fill in the blanks) just minded their own

Everything is someone else's fault. If

business and quit trying to control the world, everything would

"KOS W oY


work our fine. The Rager rants incessantly, imagining schemes
behind every fortune or misfortune you cneounter, Nothing
can be done. Someone else is running the show, and norhing
you or anyone else can do will shake their grip. All you can
do is make sure that everyone understands the cause of your
misfortune.

The worst thing about the Rager is that he hides beneath
the skin of the most reasonable wraiths, folks who would never
consider themselves bigots. Yet these same souls hear stage
whispers blaming "those goddamned queers" or "feminazis"
or "the freaking fundies" when something goes wrong.

Each Rager has a particular group (or group of groups)
that set him off — liberals, blacks, whites, women, men, ho-
mosexuals, communists, capitalists, Heretics, whatever — and
he maintains that every person in that group shares wsort of
hive-mind thar is focused exclusively on making your exist-
ence miserable. When he assumes control, the Rager begins
his reign with a stream of complaints against the offending
coalition. Once he gets going, the grumbles become a stream
of obscenities, then tirades, then threats. If Catharsis goes on
for too long, this Shadow might well turn to violence. After
all, if some brave soul like yourself stands up against the ram-
paging hordes of (fill in the blanks), the tide might turn and
reason might prevail.

The Rager always relinquishes control immediately after
any violent or confrontational action, leaving the Psyche to
clean up his messes. For all his bluster, the Rager isn't very
brave, and he prefers to ler someone else deal with the actual
dirty work.

© The Victim — Nothing is ever really your fault, you
know. You've had a hard time. People picked on you. No one
can blame you for what you do. After all, if they'd have suf
fered as you have, they would have done the saine thing. It's
not your fault. Really.

The Victim rationalizes everything he does as justifiable
reactions to trauma. He's been abused, accused and thoroughly
misused, and hence, isn't responsible for his actions. He an-
swers any accusations with a litany of horrors (real or imagi-
nary) that have caused him to become as he is. He never takes
any blame on his own shoulders and gets hostile if anyone
suggests that he' should. When this Shadow takes control,
excuses pour forth In reaction toany misdeed. Images of past
abuse flicker through your mind, making you break down in
shivers or freeze with indecision, As you try to break the

Shadow's hold, he chides you for trying to rise above your ~

Any
attempt to do otherwise is denial. You deserve nothing better

fate. After all, a victim never really forgets his wounds

than abuse, but can justify any atrocity you may commit be-
cause of whar you've gone through. After all, what you've
done is nothing compared to what you've endured.

© The Voice of Hope — You never really died. This is
all a mistake. Once you figure our how to reverse this condi-

tion, you can return to your old life as if nothing had hap-

pened. This whole thing is one long bad dream. You will
awaken... You have fo, sooner or later... right ei

This cruel Shadow denies the reality that is your ghostly
existence. He holds our a bright candle that sustains you
through bad patches, bur beeomes an unattainable torment
as time wears on. How long could a nightmare possibly con-
tinue, anyway? Doesn't it ever end?

When he takes control, the Voice of Hope shuts out any
possibility that the Underworld is anything other than an
extended nightmare. If you ever manage to convince him that
condemned to this twilight walking, he shifts

you are indee
your concentration toward finding a "cure" for your Restless
state. He'll lead you to elder wraiths, living sages, magical
spells and spiritual quests, all of which will supposedly undo

your death and restore you to the living world, Although he

seems relatively cheery compared to say, the Monster, this
Shadow inflicts endless pain by offering up hope, seeing it
dashed, then repeating the process endlessly,

© The Innocent — This Shadow seems harmless. It as-
sumes the best of everyone, to the point of painful ingenu-
ousness. Why wear armor? it whispers. Even if you get caught
the Centurions will just let-you go because underneath it all, they've
really just nice guys trapped ina bad job. The Innocent refuses
to believe ill of anyone at all, to the point where he verbally
abuses the Psyche for daring to suspect another's motives. By
thinking the best of everyone, the Innocent leaves the Psyche
unprepared to face the worst.

During Catharsis, the Innocent wanders blindly into the
lion's den. He takes every statement at face value, trusts ev-
ery promise and generally exaggerates the notion of innocence
to a cartoonish level. Although this behavior by itself may
not be that dangerous, it often results in the Psyche regaining
control, having heen hamstrung by the deals and commit-
ments the Shadow struck in perfect faith.

© The Somnambulist — Life was a blur, unlife more so.
The Somnambulist sleepwalks through the afterlife, dripping

ennui. Nothing is worthy of her attention unless it's directly
in front of her, and then she won't do anything to remove the
obstacle. The Somnambulist downplays the importance of
anything and everything, claiming that the details are always
irrelevant. It wants the Psyche to slow down and not give it a
migraine worrying about what that growing patch of black on
the wall might mean down the road. For the moment, the
splotch isn't bothering anyone, and that's all the Somnambu-
list cares about.

When in command, the Somnambulist withdraws from
any activities or Commitments. It drops the ball, preferably in
the most spectacular way possible (Yeah, | know we needed
those swords forged but 1 just didn't have the motivation. Oh, wait,
are those Speetres?), On the surface a relatively mild Shadow
to have, the Somnambulist enjoys lulling its Psyche into a
false sense of security, then drawing the curtain on an un-

pleasant surprise.

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks 15

¢ The Stormcrow — Always the bearer of bad news, the
Stormerow is convinced thar there's a land mine under every
speed bump. It is convinced that every wraith harbors it ill
will, rhar every action is going to be disastrous, and that ev-
ery corner houses a lurking Spectre. More to the point, it will
derail these worries ad nauseam to the Psyche, reveling in ey
ery gruesome detail it can invent. As far as the Stormerow is
concerned, it's not enough that a wraith's actions be doomed
to failure. They have to fail spectacularly, and in such a way
that the wraith gets the chance to regret his error fora very
long time

A dominant Stormerow does its best to dissuade the
wraith's companions from any actions that might be benefi-
cial to the Psyche. Ir dourly points out potential consequences
and repereussions, all of which are bound to be catastrophic.
Ir also puts effort into hooby-rrapping all of the Psyche's work,
making certain thar the dire fate in foresees will inevitably

come LO pass.

Merits and Flaws

| hese new Merits and Flaws all relate spe-
cifically to the Shadow, its powers, abili-
ties and possessions. They can be pur-
‘| chased at character creation like normal
‘| Merits and Flaws (see Wraith Players

4| Guide for more details). Storytellers can

choose to disallow any and all of these
Merits and Flaws; however, in focusing on the Shadow in-
stead of the Psyche they can potentially add depth to
Shadowguiding a character.

Nostalgic Shadow: (I - 5 point Merit)

Even Shadows have fond memories of something. A
wraith who possesses this Merit has a Shadow with a trace of
sentiment for one of his Fetters, No matter how easy a target
thar Fetter is, no matter how quickly destroying thar Fetter
would drag the wraith to Oblivion, the Shadow will not touch
that Fetter.

The point cost of this Merit correlates exactly to the value
of the Fetter for which the Shadow has those warm fuzzy feelings.

Embittered Shadow: (I - 5 point Flaw)

All of those bad memories have come flooding back, and
now there's a particular Fetter that your Shadow focuses its
resentment on. This Fetter is the Shadow's primary target,
and it will move Heaven and Earth for the sake of its destrue-
Tron.

The point cost of this Flaw equals the rating of the Fetter
thar the Shadow has targeted.

26 Shadow Players Guide
: a
=: ) ? —~s <> er
‘ 4)
HO ( fag aN

Tales speak of the hungry dead. You are one such — lit
erally. Nothing can satisfy the gnawing ache inside your "guts,"
even though you know deep inside that nothing hungers but
your mind. Some wraiths with this Flaw gorge themselves on
nothing, or Skinride glutrons to remember the feeling of eat
ng. Nothing really stops the pangs tor long, though The
hunger never reaches crippling levels, but it hangs around
just enough to irritate you for the rest of erernity, and your
Shadow keeps nagging you to fill it...

Good Relationship: ( point Merit

The Shadow and Psyche have established a good rela-
tionship, insofar as this is possible, and have come to a cet
tain understanding. Although they oby iously do not agree on
many things, (including the Psyche's eventual destination)
there is an established level of trust and mutual respect. The
wraith may nor resist the odd bit of Carharsis; the Shadow
may refrain from disturbing the Psyche at a particularly rick-
lish moment.

All rolls made by one aspect of a wraith with this Merit
ro influence his opposite number are at -1 difficulty.

Obsession: ( point Merit)

The Shadow is focused intensely on one. part of the
Psyche's personality, so that other opportunities to drive the

wraith to Oblivion are neglected or missed altogether, The

Shadowguide chooses one of the Psyche's Passions to serve as
the focus of the obsession and then goes to work on it. Hence-
forth, all rolls the Shadowguide makes involving that par-
ticular Passion in any way are at -1 difficulty. This includes
rolls for using Thorns to frustrate a Passion, rolls to gain Angst
from a diametrically opposed Dark Passion and so on. On the
other hand, all rolls which the Shadow makes relating to other

Passions or any other aspect of the Psyche are at +1 difficulty.

Shadow Haunt: 3 point law)

The Shadow has its own Haunt, an place to which it can
tray el for sustenance when the Psyche Slumbers The Psyc he
is completely unaware of the Shadow's real-estate holdings
and will not recognize his Shadow's Haunt if he ever stumbles
across it. Other wraiths may notice the character entering
the Shadow Haunt, however, and decide thar his denials of
any knowledge of the situation are merely ingenuous.

While at the Haunt, the Shadow can affect-the Skinlands
asa wraith might, using the Arcanoi of the Psyche. The Haunt
is always small (equivalent toa level one Haunt background)
and particularly feared by the living. Furthermore, just as a
normal Haunt has a certain pool of free-floating Pathos, a


Shadow Haunt has a miasma of available Angst, which the

Shadowguided wraith can draw upon

Warded: (5 point Merit)

By dint of luck or hard work, you've found a place where
your Shadow doesn't dare poke her head our to see what's
gomng on Perhaps the site is particularly holy, or maybe It Just
doesn't strike your Shadow as particularly hospitable. In any
Case, your Shadow simply leaves you alone when you're rest
ing in the Warded area.

The point cost of the Merit indicates how large the safe
zone ts. © Yne point indicates ac loser or similar enc losed area,
while five points could give a wraith free rein over an area of
1 mile or more.

Castigation junkie ( point Flaw)

Some wraiths have Shadows who thrive on psychic pain.
These junkies develop a greater resistance to Castigation. Like
the addict who requires more and more of his particular drug
in order to feel the rush, Shadows with this affliction are of
ten more difficult to Castigate successfully. Some believe that
the Guild of Pardoners knows how to break the addiction of a
Castigation junkie, but if they do, they aren't talking.

Certain Shadow Archetypes are more prone than others
to become addicted to Castigation. The Freak, the Martyr
ind the Perfectionist are more likely to fall prey to the junkie
syndrome, though a Shadow of any'Archetype has the poten
tial to de ve lop a taste for punishment. ] his Flaw should only
he taken with the agreement of the Storyteller, the player of
the wraith and her Shadowguide

The difficulty of any roll to purify a Castigation junkie is
ilways increased by one, and the number of temporary Angst
points removed by the Castigation is similarly reduced by one.
In spite of this, at least one point of Angst is always lost ina

successful Castigation.

; 1) tion with those Thorns already listed in

Ss |) Wraith: The Oblivion Second Edition

|| They can be purchased at character ere-

Ch { ation, or with experience later in a
Soe! ;
<I Shadow's existence

Nightmares: 2 points

When the Psyche Slumbers, a Shadow with this Thorn

| hese new Thorns can be used in conjunc-

may cause her to have intense nightmares. The visions this
Thorn generates are so horrifying that the wraith must roll
Willpower (difficulty 6) or immediately waken from Slum-

a:


her, in the process losing all benefits accrued from Slumber
ing.

Nightmares cost a point of Angst to inflict. A wraith can
spend a point of Willpower before Slumbering to ensure that
she is immune to this Thorn; only the Storyteller should be

informed that such an investment has been made

Wrack: 2 points/leve

The Shadow is occasionally able to express its displea-
sure upon the wraith. By expending an Angst point, the
Shadow can send agony shooting through the wraith's Cor-
pus. This has the effect of making rhe wraith less capable of
action, and a number of dice equal to the level of the Thorn
are removed from his dice pool fora single turn asa result. If
this leaves the wraith with no dice in his pool, he spends the
turn writhing in agony. This Thorn ean be activated after the
wraith declares his action, so long as it is done before the
player actually rolls

Wrack lasts for a single turn and can be resisted if the
Psyche spends a Willpower point.

Shadow Dice can be offered after Wrack has been used

Mirror, Mirror: 2 points

Related to Trick of the Light, this Thorn alters a wraith's
appearance briefly. Whenever a wraith whose Shadow pos-
sesses this Thorn looks in a reflective surface, the Shadow
has the option of activating Mirror, Mirror,

When Mirror, Mirror is used, the wraith's appearance in
womirror or any other reflective surface (a pool of water is a
great favorite) is horribly distorted in some way. The distor-
tion usually plays up one of the Shadow's Dark Passions, but
the Shadow has a full palette from which to work when mak
ing his face monstrous. The distorted visage in the reflection
is visible to all, not just the wraith himself, and it usually
means that he's got some explaining to do.

There is no point cost to activate this Thorn, but as re-
peated use dims its effectiveness, wise Shadows save it for
appropriate moments, One of the more popular uses of this
Thor involves altering a reflection when only the mirror,

ind not the wraith himself, can be seen by an observer.

Van Gosh: 3 points

With this Thorn, the Shadow can inflict total loss of hear-
ing on a wraith for the duration of a single scene. The Shadow
rolls temporary Angst (difficulty: the wraith's Stamina) and with
a success, renders the wraith deaf. All auditory input is com-
pletely cut off for one scene, and at Storyteller discretion, spee-
tacular successes can lead to longer effects.

This Thorn does make the wraith immune to all Keen-
ing arts as long as it is in Operation.

Van Gogh costs one point of Angst.

Shadow Players Guide


Cat food: 4 points

Cat Food gives the Shadow the power to stop a wraith's
tongue for the duration of a scene. While this Thorn is in
operation, the wraith cannor speak, grunt, groan, chant or
make any other sort of noise. All ability to vocalize is neutral-
ized hy Cat Food's effeers. The Areanos Keening cannot be
used by a wraith affected by this Thorn, and assorted other
arts (if they depend upon a vocal component) are off limits as
well.

To initiate a bout of Car Pood, the Shadow rolls tempo-
rary Angst (difficulty: the wraith's Stamina) and with a sue-
Cess, renders the Ww raith completely mute. Sign language and
miming are acceptable forms of communication for a wraith
struck with this Thorn, but the old notepad-and-pencil trick
is difficult in the Underworld. Remember, paper is scarce there,
and the wraith you write notes to today could be the pad you
write notes on tomorrow.

Cat Food costs a single point of Angst

Honeyed Tongue: 4 points

Your Shadow is almost preternaturally persuasive, and it
can really turn on the charm when i chooses to do so. By
spending a point ot Angst, and rolling temporary Angst (the
ficulty is the target's Manipulation + Subterfuge), the Shadow
can make any one sentence strangely compelling — and be-
lievable. This covers everything from I'm sure Lucien won't
mind if you steal his relic beer to The Shade won't bite if you just
le an Over and pet it nicely.

A wraith can spend a Willpower point to counteract the
effects of this Thorn.

Whispers: 6 points

A Shadow with this Thorn can speak to the Shadows of
other wraiths without the knowledge of their Psyches. This
allows the Shadows to work rogether, sharing information and
stratagems. A wraith can make a Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 8) to determine if his Shadow seems somehow dis-
tracted, but otherwise there Is no way tor him to pick upon

the fact that his Shadow is talking to someone else,

Manifestation: 6 points

By expending four points of Angst, the Shadow can ma-

terialize as an entity separate from the wraith. While in this

state, the Shadow can converse, affect objects and use Thorns.
The manifested Shadow is in all ways physically identical to
the wraith from which it came, and bystanders may have a
great deal of difficulty telling the two apart. Even the auras of
the two Corpora are the same. On the other hand, a Legion-
naire coming across two identical wraiths may well shout

"Doppelganger!" and charge in, sword in hand.

A Manifestation lasts for a single scene, and after mani-
testing, the Shadow must rest for no fewer than 10 minutes.
A wraith can tell the difference between another wraith and
a Manifestation by rolling Perception + Awareness (difficulty 8).

Vampiric Nature: 7 points

Related to the Dark Arcanos Larceny, this Thorn enables a
Shadow to siphon Angst trom others for its own purposes. Upon
physical contact, a Shadow with this Thorn can roll the Psyche's
contested Willpower (or Being) against any wraith or Spectre.
The number of successes the Shadow achiev es oon the roll indi-
cates the number of Angst points that it can absorb.

The Shadow does not need to be dominant for this Thorn
to operate, and ir can gain Angst quite merrily with the Psyche
never suspecting a thing. Should the Shadow's target be will
ing to donate some Angst, the Shadow can accept up to five
points of temporary Angst at a time

Ditty Ticks

a 8) hadows have an entire lexicon of favorite

A) Shines anid eerere es, and undoubtedly

= 64) have awhole series of methods for spread
YW ing the word on those dirty tricks that
) work best. Among the 10 best-loved

H
¥435) methods for spreading discord are

utilize no Thorns) A clever Shadi

find:ways to make thes

approaches even more effective
With the judicious use of a Thorn r-two

+10: invisible Dice

The Shadowguide repeatedly offers Shadow Dice for ev

ery single roll. In most cases these Shadow Dice are completely
unnecessary, and the wraith will be perfectly justified in re-
fusing them. However, the ritual offering becomes such a part
of gameplay that the Psyche just takes it for granted that he's
going to be offered dice before each and every roll.

Then along comes the one roll where the character re-
ally, really needs some extra help. This is the perfect time for
the Shadowguide, when begged for assistance, to extend a
hand filled with...

. nothing. As the Psyche sputters, the Shadow ean then
lecture him incessantly on how he never listens and there-
fore doesn't deserve any help.

Rest assured thar, should the W raith make it out of this
particular crisis, in the future he will take Shadow Dice much
more frequently, just to make his Shadow feel wanted.

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks a)


7
s A
#Q.
9: Its Too Quiet

After a while, the Shadow can become white noise, One
too many pointless threars or one too many weak innuendoes
later, the wraith may simply he able to ignore his Shadow. It's
become old, comfortable and worn, like a favorite pair of slip-

pers. Even its threats are, in an odd way, a familiar and com-

forting part of the Underworld lindseape.

Artimes like this the Shadowguide should pull back and
take stock, refusing to speak in her role as Shadowguide at
all. At first the player will probably not notice the absence of
malice being whispered nn his ear, hut alter a while, the pain-
ful silence will become noticeable — then embarrassing —
then worrisome. Hopefully by this stage, the wraith will be so
worried about deviltry his Shadow is cooking up that he won't
be paying attention to where he's going or what he's doing.

If the player just decides that life without a Shadow is a bed
of roses, the Shadowguide should turn up the heat. Staying quiet,
but passing notes to the Storyteller and grinning works well.
Referring to the Shadowsheet frequently and nodding also in-

spires terror in the sort of player who metagames just a teeny bit

‘8: Pavlovian Training

Certain Arcanoi generate Angst. These are also frequently
the most powerful and combar-effective arts of the Arcanoi, and
as such carry with them a certain incentive to use them. How-
ever, most wraiths are wary of relying too much on such arts, as
they can imagine (or in some cases, remember) the consequences
of going through Catharsis in a tight situation. By a caretul regi-
men of self-discipline, though, most wraiths avoiding using their
Arcanoi to rack up unpayable Angst bills.

From the Shadow's perspective, this is unacceptable. The
balance between facility and safety is exactly whar the Shadow
doesn't want to see. However, if it can't convince the wraith
to. use the art too frequently, it just might be able to turn things
around the other way.

Constantly harping on the Angst bounty that she will reap
from the use of a given art is a great way to force the Psyche to think
long and hard about whether or not the use of that art might be
worth it. With enough reminders as to how dangerous the use of
that particular art can be (Use it avice more and it's showtime and You
know, if you actually succeed in even slowing him down, you've still going
to pick up a lot uf Angst. Are you sure that's worth it? are examples of
how the Shadow can play this one), the Psyche can be conditioned
into simply not using it, Anytime the Shadow convinces a wraith to
let one of her best weapons rust, it's a victory for Oblivion.

4 "
ey].
1: Go fish
Wraiths often jump at any chance to rame their Shadows,
even patently ridiculous ones, Some will even believe their own

Shadows. much to their laver chagrin. Still, there's a sucker killed
every minute, and the Shadowlands are full of them.

30 Shadow Players Guide
» ©

s

<—

Many Shadows like to string their Psyches along, offering
them "chances" at respite. However, this Shadow down time is
only offered on the condition that the Psyche performs some task
the Shadow sets (I'll shut up for an hour if you tell that Cennaion
that he looks good in a skirt,). Orher times, the Psyche might be
asked to guess a certain number the Shadow picks (I'm sory, it
was 4.0345. You were so close, too; wanna wry again?) or generally
has to jump through whatever hoops the Shadow sets up. The
torment can be strung out for quite some time with the Shadow's
conditions getting more and more humiliating, but many wraiths
c ling to the vain hope that they can outsmart their Shadows.

*: New Tenant

This technique is risky, and those Shadows who can pull it
off have bright (albeit brief) futures as Doppelgangers and used
Artifact salespeople. Essentially, this tactic involves raking the
Psyche over during Catharsis — and then admitting it.

The Shadow's task here isn't an easy one. What it must
do is convince the Psyche's circle that the Psyche is the real
bad guy, Selected editing of history, bits dredged up from the
Psyche's past and the occasional bald-faced lie all help in por-
traying the Shadow us someone trapped in the head ofa soul
far worse than he could ever be. Admittedly, it's a difficult
stunt to attempt, but the tacit or overt help of other wraiths'
Shadows (reverse psychology works wonders here) every so
often an enterprising Shadow can pull it off

+5; House of Cards

Every wraith has dirty little secrets, negative thoughts
about her fellow wraiths that she's kept bortled up where no
one could here them,

Noone except the Shadow, that is. A well-organized Shadow
keeps track of this sort of thing, and rhen unleashes it during Ca-
tharsis. A pronouncement of Hi, I'm Cris' Shadow and I just want
you to know that he thinks whichever one of you is the Pardoner needs
to get that iron lantern out of Your sensitive storage space can set inter-
party conflict bubbling. The other wraiths of the circle will cer
tainly attempt to disregard anything the Shadow says, but little,

nagging doubts will always remain. Ifthe Shadow manifests enough

times with one of these verbal hand grenades, slowly but surely
they will gain credibility, This process translates into suspicion of
the wraith herself, and things spiral rapidly downhill from there

The worst part about this, apart from the fact that it's ex
tremely difficult to silence a wraith (while Moliate does offer
some options, removing a Shadowridden wraith's mouth tends
to make it difficulr to discern when her Psyche has reasserted
itself), is not the effect this mancuver has on the wraith whose
Shadow is actually performing it. Instead, if the other Shadows
of the circle are clever, they'll pick up on their Psyche's unease
and start adding tuel to the fire. The prospect of complete hon-
esty — Shadow-style — within a cirele isn't a pleasant one

Note: This also works well in conjuction with Freudian Slip

tye >— — ~: eo cee

.
eee


- Jwo Plots Diverge
All wraiths must make choices. It's the nature of ghostly
existence. However, the myriad of choices every Restless must
make leaves him open to second-guessing from his Shadow.

This can be especially deadly if the Shadow senses any regrets

in the Psyche for a path not taken ora choice not ma

In cases like this, the Shadow takes the choice the wraith
regrets and starts harping on it, Any misfortune the wraith
encounters surely wouldn't have happened if he'd made the
other choice. Any losses he suffers, any reverses he endures,
they all can be traced to that one faulty decision.

Naturally, the Shadow Is not attempting to get the wraith
to backtrack and make a different choice. If nothing else, it's
usually far too late for that sort of thing. What the Shadow
actually does want is for the wraith either to fixate on the
decision, or to charge blindly into the future just to pur dis-
tance (and a few other choices) between himself and the de-
cision he regrets. Either way, the wraith isn't keeping his eye
on the here and now, which leads to careless mistakes. Care-

less mistakes, in turn, lead to Angst — and Harrowings.

3: You Owe Me

Not everything a Shadow does is malicious — at first. Some-
times a Shadow will do something for a wraith out of the sheer

goodness of its heart, or at least it won't ask for immediate pay-
ment. These situations are more common than one would ex-
pect. After all, the Shadow isn't evil, just self-centered, right?
It the Shadow plays its cards right, however, these "free"
favors carry far greater a cost than could ever he extracted in
a standard bargain. Ey ery time that a wraith asks for help, a
simple reminder that she already owes her Shadow for one
favor is enough to set up a wonderful negative feedback loop.
The Shadow, if fortunate, will never actually have to colleet
on the favor the Psyche owes it. Instead, the Shadow can use
the debt to lever Angst out of the wraith with guilt for years.

*D: Scare Tactics

Even ifa Wraith player has read the main rulebook cover
to cover, the wraith he's play nye doesn't really know WwW hat his
Shadow is up to or what it's actually capable of. The Shadow
is quite willing to play on that ignorance for its own ends.

One of the more devious tacks a Shadow can take is to play
the innocent as regarding Oblivion, filling the wraith's minds with
hort ily my details that supp. rseclly frighten even the Shack dW The
average wraith can handle a bold Shadow, a devious Shadow and
even a powerful Shadow, but a frightened Shadow throws him
completely off his stride. At the very least he'll start wondering
what his Shadow's really up to, and a wraith who spends too much
time chasing after his Shadow tends to neglect his other business:

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks 31


At the other end of the spectrum, this sort of behavior might
cause a wraith to decide that his Shadow is in fact insane, A
Shadow who fears Oblivion obviously isn't playing with a full
deck, and it might be capable of anything. The thought of a

lunatic Shadow is enough to cost a wraith quite a bit of Slumber

‘Lie

Nowhere is it written that a Shadow must tell the truth, the
whole truth and nothing bur the truth, Instead, a steady blend of
lies and truth (equal proportions work best) keeps the Psyche off
halance. By filtering enough real information to be useful (and to
make the Psyche wary of dismissing everything the Shadow says,)
the Shadow keeps the Psyche attentive to her. Afterall, the Psyche
can't atford to throw out everything the Shadow says, but at the
same time there are enough lies in the mix to make sure that the
Psyche moves on incorrect information far too often. Unable to
trust her information source but unable to dismiss it, the wraith
with a Shadow who lies well is in a great deal of trouble

\n alternate tactic is for the Shadow to tell the absolute
truth, even if this is to her short term detriment. Ifthe Shadow
holds to the truth long enough, the Psyche often comes to
trust her other half. Once rhe wraith trusts her Shadow to tell
the truth, the Shadow has carte blanche to lie onee on
the basis of accrued trust. However, if the Shadow picks her
spot well, once is all she'll need

Lowisties Help

Heresite afew wayssin which-youtafl make your ex-
perience Shadowguiding both-easier and Jess stressful:

* — Make a cheat sheerof-all of the Angst-producing
Arcanoi your Psyche possesses, so you can keep a more accu-
Tate record of how much Temporary Angst you actually have,

*# — Don't offet Shadow Dice more than oneé/per
agtion. Even Shadows/have theirilimits, and the sight of 7
fistful ofdice on every single toll js enough todismay even
the staunmehest Storyteller

¢2=Dor't be afraid te-asky our Storyteller-for help.
Shadowgiiiding-si t necessarily easy.

o Plan; plot afithprevaricate: Ifyou teShadowguiding
the same character Week To Weel start se thing up.some long¢
Tage goals. ThigWill providteyou With a framework fOr
toleplaying headippitite each session.

@>— Know what yout/Mhtorns.do |dhead of tment
You tieed-t look your lhoths up evety time you waht 6
lise oneyiyou'Piniss spur-of-the-rnomenht opportunities to
wreak real havoc.

* —Be willing to surrender or switch the Shadow. If
your Shadowguiding is leading to real-life conflict, swap
out of that character immediately.

eS


Search. Search. Seek. Seek

Cold. Cold. Clear. Clear.

Pain. Pain.

Hot flashes. Sudden chills.

Stabbing pains. Slow agonies.

"A Weary Song toa Slow, Sad Tune"

arrowings are horrific minidramas, de-

Sorrow, Sorrow.

— Li Ch'ing-chao,

signed to be part psychodrama, part the-

) atre of the absurd and all nightmare. Such
| theatrics call for a star player, a support-
gi ing cast, a playwright and a director to
| bring irall together. Whenever a new play

Is written, one of the most Important as
pects in its production is the meeting of minds between the
writer and the one who will direct and shape her play. Ina
Harrowing, the star is the wraith unfortunate enough to have
landed a major role in her Shadow's snuff film, and the play-
the Storyteller, who determines the
All the sup-
porting roles (there are no small parts, only small actors) are

wright is, of necessity,
hasic framework in which the drama untolds.

portrayed by Spectres gathered specifically to appear in this
special production. Emerging from the wings to "host" this

episode of "This Is Your Death," the wraith's own Shadow,

personified by the Shadowguide, fulfills the critical role of

director.

Before the Harrowing

Storyteller-playwrights who want their Harrowings to be
both frightening and effective have a valuable asset in the
Shadowguide. Most Storytellers will have something in mind
for each player whenever Harrowings are called for, bur the
Shadowguide, acting as the director, has an intimate under-
standing of the character whose Shadow she portrays. Since
the Shadow is the "director" of the Harrowing, when it comes
times to Harrow a wraith the Storyteller should consult first
with the target wraith's Shadowguide. Harrowings should
never he left to chance, random creation or on-the-spot ad-
aptation. They need to be planned out and focus on things
that will be meaningful to rhe wraith involved,

That means the Storyteller and Shadowguide, with as-
sistance from the other players, should briefly confer and
roughly map out a scenario,

Drawing on her knowledge of the dark secrets, innermost
fears and hidden weaknesses of the wraith whose Shadow she
portrays, the Shadowguide pools her suggestions with those
of the Storyteller and the other players (who fill the roles of
the gathered Spectres for the duration of the Harrowing) to
customize a Harrowing. After all, betrayal is nothing new to

Cs

See

eet Wl

ge

the Shadow, and it is the Shadowguide's responsibility to "spill
the goods" on the Psyche.
What determines the direction of the Harrowing are the

target of the ordeal and the reason it is occurring. Beyond

this, however, the Shadow often has some goal it wishes to
achiey c One { the Shadow has asc ertained the nature of its
goal, the part it will take in the upcoming Harrowing (or
Shadow Drama) becomes clear. The usual goal is a weaken-
ing of the Psyche through destruction of its Fetters or Pas-
sions; occasionally, the Quarry will be the Psyche itself. Each
type of Harrowing calls for the Shadow to concentrate all its
efforts to achieve a specific goal related to that type of Har
rowing, Although the wraith will he the star/victim of the
production, the Shadow will be far from idle during its Psyche's

ordeal.

Directing the Harrowing

The Shadowguide's work does not end with the planning
of the Harrowing, although how much control the Shadow
will actually have during the unfolding of the drama should
be worked out mw the planning Stage. In troupes where the
players are both experienced and responsible, the
Shadowguide might be given enough control to run with un-
foreseen reactions and twists in the plor (though it is sug-
gested that the Storyteller retain overall veto so hard feelings
do not arise between players), Whether given much or little
control, however, the Shadowguide should try to work in el-
ements that reflect the Archetypes of both the Shadow and
the Psyche of the Harrowed wraith.

Harrowings are, by their very nature, improvisational
theatre. There are no rehearsals! Fortunately, Spectres are
superb at ad-libbing on given themes within a sketchy frame-
work. Nevertheless, S
trances and exits and make certain that their movements are

idows need to cue the Spectres' en-

choreographed to best effect. Indeed, the Shadowguide may
literally have to fill the role of director to see that everyone

gets a chance to say her lines, that needed props are ready on
time, and that no one bumps into the furniture. Some players
will so relish the role of "villain"
simply to call them off or keep them from going overboard.

that a director is needed

Harrowings should have some subtlety to them; merely beat-
ng the character over the head repeatedly becomes horing
and ineffective. The Shadowguide is ultimately responsible
for helping the Storyteller keep the Shadow Drama on track.

Participating in the Harrowing

Besides her role in directing the psychodrama, a
Shadowguide should be allowed to take a significant role asa
participant in the nightmare ride. Probably, though, her par-
ticular role will not be as primary antagonist, since she is di-
recting the overall performance of the Spectral cast. The
Shadow''s Archetype will often determine just what role it

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks 33

takes in a Psyche's Harrowing and how involved it hecomes

Several roles are available for a creative Shadowguide; any or

lof them might be appropriate at different times during even

v single Harrowing

© Tormentor — Turnabout is fair play, and now it's pay

back tor all those times the Shadow has faced Castigarion

No one knows more intimately than the Shadow what really

gets to the Psyche (and the player) — or how to pusly those
buttons to best effect

* Helper

survival depends on getting through the Marrow

The Shadow may realize its own
ing and may offer advice, help in the form of
Shadow Dice or even the use of Thorns that could he
of assistance in the Psyche's current dilemma. These
latter might include Shadow Traits, Shadowplay,
Shadow Familiar, or even a helptully suggestive
forin of Devil's Dare, and constitute the only
time ourside of Catharsis when some of these
powers may be used
* False Friend

only be pretending to help, fooling the wraith into

Naturally, the Shadow may
making the wrong choices. It offers false counsel §
to the beleaguered Psyche, tempting the Psyche
to make use of its Shadow powers — especially
Shadow Dice — and thereby makes it much harder for the wraith
to escape unscathed from the Harrowing

¢ Commentator — Nothing is more irksome than hay
ing someone else mock your best efforts or simply describe
Not only is a mocking tone

every action as you perform it

likely to annoy the Psyche as it frantically seeks the solution

to the Harrowing's puzzles, but mere monotonous repetition
ean be annoying enough to rattle anyone. Shadows excel ar
this sort of verbal torment. Shadowguides should beware of
the dangers of overdoing this particular role, which can quickly
ilienate the player rather than the character

¢ Back-Seat Driver

ments, the Shadow can progress to actual advice and demands

More than simply making com

none of them solicited by the Psyche and most of them
coming after the fact with all the advantages of hindsight
Some of these "I told you so" comments may become so grat
ing thar the Psyche figuratively throws up her hands in dis
gust and atrempts to deal with the Shadow rather than con-
centrating on the immediate problem, Naturally, this is what
the Shadow hopes she'll do. It's so much easier to destroy a
distracted opponent...

¢ Tattletale — Since a Shadow has a vested interest in
having its Psyche lose a Harrowing, it frequently gives the
Speetres involved the low-down on what frightens the Psyche
Furthermore, the Shadow often aets in concert with those
Spectres to undermine the wraith's efforts to save herself. This
lows the Shadow to take on an advisory role while it sits
back and enjoys the show engendered by its firsthand knowl

edge of the Psyche's greatest weaknesses

+4 Shadow Players Guide

LC 2A Se ay OO

— «

x Be. KES wD
<— ; = ~ 2

Ss Vate.*

¢ Scorekeeper — Sometimes in the heat of the action,
neither players nor Sroryreller have the luxury of keeping track
f the ups and downs or wins and losses involved in rhe Har
rowing. As the scorekceper, the Shadow takes note of the
Psyche's progress (or lack thereot), keeping a running tally of
her gains, losses and close calls. The Shadowguide's notes on
these may belp the Storyteller determine if the player must
roll against a higher or lower targer to escape the
Harrowing once the drama is through — or if she

needs to roll at all. This isn't an adversarial role,

bur rather a neurral one

The Shadowguide should never take advantage

of her role as seorekeeper to "doctor the books" ti

favor the Shadow's cause and undermine thi

Psyche's

The Consequences

There are three possible consequences toa
Harrowing: The Psyche emerges in triumph and
with greater confidence in her own abilities and
self; the Psyche is beaten down and weakened in
some way through the loss ot Fetters, Passions, or
Corpus; or the Psyche is destroyed und either sucked
into Oblivion or transmogrified into a Spectre. Each
of these requires some response from the Shadow which is in
keeping with the Harrowing's result
Shadow faces the

It the Psyche wins hands down, the

challenge of recouping its losses while trying to avoid the

Psyche's notice for a while. Most likely the Psyche is angry

with the Shadow for its role in tormenting her and might

Sudden Revelation

Why on earth would the Shadow ever help the Ps¥c
through a Harrowing?

Qtéasionally, a Shadowjstems to understand, almast as
if a sudden revelation has dome to it, thatthe Harrowing
mighé result in its own destruction, driving it to help the
Psyche, at the last minute. This insight mightdoccur duting
OAC harrowing, only tobe cdmpletely forgorteh by themext.

Wo gimulate the ShadowW's'sense self-préServation, $te-
fytellers may call for a roll'on the Shadow'spermarientAhgst
<diffigul 8) Onvessieeess isjall fhazismesessary Sr aShadow
TO realize chag ifthe Psyche is déseroyedgher cushygjbb ag
devil's adyocdt@iSAIs6 oven Some Archetypes may Be more
ptone tg.cooperate in their awn destruction (Monster or
Maittyr) SWhiletothersmay have a'strongef sense ofselfpres
€rvatior(Leéth or Child) Storytellers may adjust che Giff
cfiliry ‘of thé reVelation ll accéttlingly

Onceaivare ofthe possibility Gite dissdlttion, the
Shadow may decide whether or ngt to take actidns to pre-
serve itself.


ver plan tu (
mind, the Shadow

of her Archetype whil

Ie UAL ¢

ictually have t

Director «

the Psyche

ing out how the Psyc

or scolding her f

The Martyr

while the

A partie

take advantage

include promisin

furure Mart

up for its losse

can "impr
may seek t

the Psyche that s

With this in

vulide needs to work within the constraints

wate her unruly ¢

two. Naturally,

Parent) might have the temerity to

stinortem analysis of the Harrowing, |
e could have bettered its performance
r landing in such asituation in the first place

mplain that the Harrowing wa

renerally results ina weaker, more sul
s been through hell and paid dearl

iinst Oblivion

Dark Plots

Sa) nabase level, all Wraith plots have some

vo may view this as

lemoralizarion by

help the Psyche better its chances
could easily seduce
sit can find to make

s interaction with the Psyehe

round, While th
erate the Psyche into making a bargain with her
or Monster Archetype may con

leserved the "punishment" of losing some

s. Conversely, reg

e may have

walle

rightly feel entitled toa mocking c

thing to do with the

A) her Shadow. Evi

the weakened Psyche into Catharsis

lf the Harrowing results in the wraith's

one final moment

Spectrehou

should make certain, however, that s

wor undermining the poignancy «

iwraith takes, «

ry USC

|

es what it has become. T

Very ¢

» with it a price in

I]
had

destruction, tl

he

raith's player by commandeerin

it Los

|

ire measured and «

of an

Onstage

it

part of herself, eroding her already fragile confidence in her
irdless of Archetype the Shadow

may dispense with subtlety altogether and attempt to drive

wow has been working toward just this end an
The

ry of vietory (or a howl «¢

Shadow may

srep on the

ing the strugele

w. Every ac

she make

unrered |

Arcanos cat
\nyst, meanin

Presum

vuuice

f

that player's


that even the most basic of actions can be circumscribed by
the mere threat of strengthening the Shadow

However, it's also possible to work Shadows into much
more active plot roles. Just because the Psyche/Shadow con
flict is an intensely personal one doesn't mean that the
spillover can't impact other members of a wraith's Circle
Besides, who said that the Psyche is the only one a Shadow

wants to talk to?

The Shadow as Personality

Just because a Shadow is a part of a wraith's personality
doesn't mean that the Shadow can't form its own relationships
with other Shadows ind wraiths — with whom the Psyche
comes in contacr, Should Carharsis occur frequently enough, a
Shadow can even start to interact with other wraiths in a Cirele
on its own terms, not on the Psyche's. The Shadow may decide
to cultivate some of his Psyche's Cirelemates as friends, or at
least try to win them over enough so that they don't run fora
pair of shackles as soon as it looks like Catharsis is a possibility

Once a Shadow has established his own relationship with
other wraiths, long-term stories and plots can be spun from
there, The Shadow may specifically target one particular
wraith (probably one the Psyche is fond of) for destruction,

ind use any rapport that develops as a means to the other

Shadow Players Guide

ee =

wraith's permanent end. Conversely, if the Psyche clearly
loathes another wraith, the Shadow could bend his efforts to
y rub the Psyche's nose

helping that wraith sueceed just t

in the fact that his hated rival is prospering

Loving the Other

A plotline that particularly daring Storytellers may wish to
explore involves having one of the characters fall in love with
inother character's Shadow, This isn't as far-fetched as it might

sound; after all, a Shadow can be witty, charming, seductive and

ittractive, It's not beyond the realm of possibility thar during a
Circlemate's interludes of Catharsis (particularly with a subtle
boost from his own Shadow) a wraith could acquire first sympa
thy, then affection for his companion's Shadow. The smitten
wraith would of course start to resent his paramour's Psyche tor
keeping his beloved imprisoned, and might even start to look for
ways to bring the Shadow personality to the fore — permanently

The brew is made even more potent if the wraith whoss
Shadow becomes an object of affection had a romantic in
volvement with the wraith who falls in love with the Shadow
Then again, if the lovestruck wraith has Fetters relating
love that tie him to the Skinlands (say, a surviving widow),
the internal conflict between the old forbidden love and the

new one can be fertile ground for roleplaying. Don't think

Satan 4

Ww


that the wraith's own Shadow is going to ignore such juicy
material, either — there's a great deal here for the enterpris-
ing Shadow to work with,

OF course, a wraith who has an attraction toa Shadow is
going to be in for a rough time. Should word of his perversion
get our, the wraith is likely to be ostracized, abused, bodily
dragged off to a Pardoner for therapy, or worse. After all, a
Shadow sympathizer isn'ta good thing to have around during
the war with Oblivion. Furthermore, the wraith himself is
likely to have conflicted feelings about his new-found ro-
mance, hindering his effectiveness.

On the other hand, there's the question of how the sud-
denly beloved Shadow deals with a sudden surfeit of suitors.
\ Shadow will likely be suspicious of any wraith who's nice
to her, fearing a setup or trap. The sheer lunacy of a wraith
falling in love with a Shadow should be enough to excite the
Shadow's suspicion — no wraith in his right mind would be
saying kind things about a Shadow, let alone whispering af
fectionate phrases — and that suspicion can force a Shadow
into a reactive, rather than an active, role.

Once the Shadow realizes that another wraith is in love
with her, however, things can get interesting. The Shadow may
attempt to use her suitor to further her own agenda against her
Psyche, or she may be contented with simply destroying her
would-be lover. There is also the possibility of collaboration be-
tween Shadows, catching the unfortunate wraith berween the
Seylla of his lover and the Charybdis of his own Shadow.

There does remain, however slight, the possibility ofa Shadow
somehow returning affection which is shown to it— not all Shad-
ows are incapable of love. However, such affairs are inevitably
tragic, and likely to result in disaster for all parties involved. The
gap between Capulets and Montagues was nothing compared to

that berween Psyches and Shadows when it comes to romance.

Getfing Plots into Shadowy Hands

Just becatise you want to run a plot/thaticenters onva
Shadow's actions doesitemean that, you should come-out
and announce that;.Rather, the best way tor go
togethenwith/the Shadowguide who's #6ihg to key the new

to get

plopfind let her in' on what's going on. A\s'Sodnas the play-
ets hear the sword"Shadow," their characters Start expect
ing treachery. However, if thé players don'tiknow that the
plot has aShadGwy center »th€ifleharactets' reactions will
benormal.<<arid thus play right init their Shadows hands.

Aftefall, secrecy:iStone of the Shadow's best weapons
Y

Other ideas

There are an endless variety of chronicle ideas that c:

be centered around Shadows that don't involve romance

even friendship. Here are a few:

° — Finders Keepers; The Shadow wants something, and
drives the wraith to find it. Maybe it's an Artifact, maybe it's a
Fetter that the Psyche doesn't know ahour — the details are it-
relevant. However, the fact remains that the Shadow wants some-
thing, and is willing to drag the rest of the Cirele along — kick-
ing and screaming, if necessary — in order to go get it. This isan
instance where a purely internal st rugale — the Shadow wants
something that the Psyche may not — spills over into the exist-
ence of the Circle asia whole. Afterall, ifa Shadow hauls a wraith
off on a wild goose chase, his Circle has the choice of following
him or letting him wander off, perhaps never to be seen again...

¢ — Buried Secrets: There's something the Shadow

knows, perhaps picked up in conversation with a Spectre, that

the Circle desperately needs. Maybe it's something that the

Shadow overheard during Catharsis, and the Shadow won't
talk unless it's allowed out and on top again, Of course, the
Psyche may have a few things tosay about his quore-unquote
friends trying to urge his dark side to come out and play

This sort of chronicle builds slowly, Ir starts with the notion

that the Circle is missing some vital information, then inevita-

bly builds to the horrifying realization that only a Shadow could
possibly have the needed info. What sort of deal would a Circle
(ora wraith) be willing to strike with a Shadow in exchange for
something that the Cirele's Psyches obviously need so badly? The

price could be steep, or it could he permanent

© — Spitting Image: The local Necropolis has welcomed
(well, not really) a Doppleganyer, who's insinuated himself

into local life by serving as a clearinghouse for all sorts of

unsavory services. While that may be bad enough, the

Doppleganget's real mission is something far, far worse: to get

in touch with one or more of the Circle's Shadows and go to
work, using them to further Oblivion's ends.

In stories like this, there are two levels of intrigue. The
wraiths may sniff around the Doppleganger trying to discover
what he's up to. The Shadows, on the other hand, have the
ulterior motives of their putative ally to consider and perhaps
counteract. Eyen if they find themselves on the same side as
their Psyches, the Circle's Shadows may not want to admit
that they were working with the Doppleganger. This can lead
to all sorts of subterfuge, as the Shadows try to clean up their
mess without letting their Psyehes in on the secret...and no-
hody said that Psyches were dumb.

* — Motive Fore

seems inexplicable — a murder, an assault, perhaps even a

The Shadow performs an act that

good deed , and then leay cs the Psyche to pur e out why. Is
the maneuver part of a larger plot on the Shadow's plot, or is
she just trying te get her Psyche nervous? An enterprising
Sroryteller, in conjunction with a suitably creative
Shadowguide, can string this plotline out for weeks oreven
months, piling up evidence thar the Shadow was up to some-
thing, but never quite letting on what.

Then again, when the Psyche finally uncovers whar the

Shadow was really doing, he may wish he didn't know

Chapter Two: Systems and Dirty Tricks 37


tygian wraiths aren't the only ones with
Shadows. Each Dark Kingdom, through
the presuppositions of its populace, has its
own unique species of Shadow. However,

assuming that a Jade Empire or Kartan

Shadow acts in a manner identical to a
~ Stygian one is to make a grave error. Each
culture creates and defines its Shadows' role to make those
Shadows something unique and culturally specific. The func
tion and ambition of a Shadow from the Dark Kingdom of
Clay is very different than the function and ambition of a
Shadow from the Philadelphia Necropolis; a Jade Empire
wraith's p'o's efforts to safeguard its mortal remains would be
incomprehensible to an African goredenna, who works inces-
santly to have its mortal existence forgotten.

In this chapter are explorations of the dominant Shadow
paradigms in several of the Dark Kingdoms besides Stygia. In-
cluded is information on the unique mindsets of each kind of
Shadow, as well as nores on perspectives, powers and ultimate
goals. Oblivion isn't necessarily what each and every Shadow is
after. Some have higher goals, while some have lower.

The information in this chapter is not necessarily com
prehensive, nor is it universal. It does, however, represent the

dominant Shadow paradigm within each culture of the dead.

Dae AO

Chapter Three:
The Other
Dark Kinedoms

While not

goredenna pattern detailed here, odds are that any wraith that

a character comes across — or that a player wishes to take the

will be part of that dominant paradigm.

Darkness on fade: Shadows
of the Yellow Springs

and I recognized him as my great grand nephew. No doubt he was off
to lose more money at a mah-jongg parlor. Tuning from him, | en

ill African Shadows necessarily fall into the

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 39

‘ eS

by Ed Huang

s I returned to the familiar surroundings of
the family compound, I felt an almost con
stant desire wo travel westward. My p'o was
screaming; | think the pull affected'him much
more strongly than it did me. Good. It was
about time he suffered as much as I have

A young man hinvied past on a bicycle,

tered the compound. 1 bowed automatically three times to the shrine to
the left of the entrance, but I didn't bother picking up the incense sticks

Things have changed so much. 1 have spent too much time

attending to the matters of Empire, and not enough watching over

my family. The compound was sectioned off, so what was once

comfortable living for one family had now become cramped living
for almost 10. Only one family belonged here, and it was mine
Perhaps if | had taken a more active interest, rather than allowing
my adoptive grandson Che-Min to be watching over them

I picked my way to the living room. Once this was a spare

bedroom for guests, later used by my third son and his family when
he failed his exams into government service. The place was a

pigsty. In one comer was an electric box. Frown-

ing, | examined it. | saw where the electricity
should come in from, but the box was silent
and simply gray. Something was wrong. Not

with the box, I realized, but with me. The

tugging toward the west had suddenly got
ten harder, and it pulled at me with more

urgency. | knew somehow that it had noth-
Ing to do with my p'o's urges lo patrol our

gravesite, to protect our body
This...sensation...rvas closer, and yet it was
moving.
I searched the house with some urgency
What was it? I knew the answer was within
these four walls. Frantically, I searched. |
knew this house intimately, having spent a
goad portion of my life and unlife within its
walls. My first thought was for the safety of
my family, but no one was home.
It was then that I considered what
\ previously had been unthinkable, Beneath
|g the floorboard, under the kitchen | peeked
WY inand peered at what should have been
our family treasures.
Nothing. It was bare. All of it
the jade, the jewelry, the paintings (my
paintings!) — were gone. I flashed back
to my arrival. I saw in my mind's eve my
nephew's urgency to leave, and the bulki-
ness of his bags as he struggled to keep his bal-

A

ance on the bicycle. I realized then the howling

of my p'o was mad laughter

a?

The interactions between hun
and p'o are very similar to those
between Psyche and Shadow.

ALY

However, the way such inter-

actions are treated by

—
oe

ghostly society at large, as

well as the motives of and

Sa

power struggles bet ween
the two aspects of the

4

—
So

arent


soul, are much different in the Empire of Yellow Springs than
they are in Stygia.

In Chinese culture it is believed that there are two parts to
the soul of a person. The hum appears in a person during concep-
tion, and is the part of the soul that seeks P'eng Lai — Paradise
(or travels to Oblivion to be reincarnated in a material form).
Balanced against it is the p'o, the part of the spirit that dictates
one's physical needs and desires, Furthermore, the p'y is also the
part ofa wraith that inherits the traits of the parents. It is not evil
or sadistic, merely another aspect of the soul.

According to tradition, if rhe proper burial procedures are
followed, the p'o remains with the physical body, protecting its
corpse from being molested and watching over its descendants.
Simultaneously, the hun travels on to its next destination. Each
part fulfills its function; everything ts in balance. Neither part of
the soul is better or worse than the other, Neither is preferable,
or can be labeled "evil" or "unnecessary." They are two separate
and balanced parts that create a greater whole.

In the ease of wraiths, however, the p'o and hun splinter
hur do not separate. Whereas normally the p'o and hun would
sunder, with each achieving its goals individually, in a wraith
they are forced together unnaturally and must have a choice
of destinations: whether to try to seek P'eng Lai, settle in the
Yellow Springs, or allow Oblivion to overtake him in hopes
of reincarnation. The p'o, however, knows on an instinctual
level that they (the hun and p'o) should be doing either one of
two things; they should cither be protecting their lare physi-
cal body, or embracing Oblivion to be born again in the
family's offspring. This dilly-dallying in the Underworld is,
according to the p'o's viewpoint, unnatural. Being a creature
of instinct and nature, it will do its best to end this improper
situation. In other words, the p'o's urge toward expediency
and purpose is dedicated to removing the wraith from the
Shadowlands, one way or another.

There is no way that the hun can convince the p'o that
Oblivion should not be their shared and ultimate goal; in the
eyes of the p'o, anything else is unnatural. Dialogue with the
hun and circumstances may convince the p'o to delay the coup
de grace, but it will never abandon the notion. While ulti-
mately selfish in its wants, the p'o is not a survivalist. It is
strictly goal-oriented.

qhe Poand Travel

With the strong connection a po has to its mortal body,
travel throughout Zhongguo can. be more complicated than
one mighr think. As the p'o will not want to leave its re-

any extended trip involves a contested roll of Will-

mains,

power against Permanent Angst; should the p'o win it acquires
vo points of Temporary Angst. Furthermore, for the entire
time the wraith is distant from his corpse, the p'o will badger
him relentlessly to return and assume guardianship. This roll
must also be made for each month the wraith spends away

from his body, so extended sojourns to the Imperial Palace or

occupied Nippon are not pleasant for anyone concerned.

During Catharsis on the road, a p'o's first concern will be
to rerurn to the site of its remains. It doesn't matter if fulfill-
ing this urge means abandoning a current duty, forsaking trav-
eling companions or any orher behaviors that might have
unpleasant repercussions; the p'o must see to its body.

There is an upside to listening to the p'o. Whenever a
hum gives in to its other half's entreaties and spends at least
an hour watching over its remains, the p'0 gladly relinquishes
a point of Temporary Angst. However, this should not be seen
as a system for random Angst reduction; make too many vis-
its to the body and the p'o gets greedy. If the Storyteller feels
that a wraith is abusing this method of dealing with his p'o,
she can insist ona Willpower roll (difficulty 6) before he leaves
the vicinity of his corpse. No matter what, the wraith will be
allowed to leave, but a failure gains the wraith an Angst point
and a botch produces three.

Guarding the remains of its mortal shell is the p'o's pri-
mary duty. Assuming that there are remains to guard, the p'o
will manifest the Dark Passion: Protect My Body and See
That It Is Treated with Respect. In most cases this Dark
Passion emerges from life with the wraith; in rarer cases it can
take up to three years for the p'o to achieve this focus. How-
ever, this is never less than a three-point Dark Passion.

Cremation of the body frees the p'o from this duty, as
does the act of scattering the earthly remains. Should either
of these be performed (with proper respect, of course) the Dark
Passion should be considered to be Resolved,

In addition, because of the tight-knit relationship that a
wraith has with her own descendants, her p'o may never have
a Dark Passion that in any way calls for harm to or the de-
struction of the living family. The postmortem family is fair
game, but those among the living who are still honoring a
wraith's remains are sacrosanct to the p'o.

The one exception to this rules comes in the case of de-
scendants who have been grossly negligent in their duty as

regards honoring the dead. In this case a p'o is obligated to
take the Dark Passion: Avenge the Negligence of Your De-
scendants.

Po People Got No Reason...

aka, Shadows in Society

Chinese Wraiths, like their mortal counterparts, are some-
whar repressed by modern American standards. This doesn't
mean they don't socialize, but rather that they give some
thought to nor revealing intimate details about themselves to
passing strangers — or even good friends.

This reticence is understandable, because one of the

touchstones of Chinese society is a love for discussing some-

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 41

one else's personal life in intimate detail (preferably with the
other person absent, of course). The speed of information
among these incorrigible gossips is startling. A fact known to
only a couple of friends will spread through an entire social
circle in days, and faster if the "secret" is scandalous, What
one family member knows, the whole clan will probably know
within hours. Furthermore, during these information ex
changes, while the good is often stressed and mentioned in
gossip, it is the bad that gets repeated endlessly.

With this in mind, it must he stressed thar the interac
tion between p'o and hun is one of the most intimate rela
tionships one can have. Problems with your p'o are rarely, if
ever mentioned, for fear of the social consequences. Inability
to deal with one p'o is seen as a weakness, and any weakness
is inevitably seized upon by gossips and rivals

This overhanging threat of social repercussions gives a
wraith much in the way of motivation to keep his interac-
tions with his p'o very quiet. Far more so than in a Western
setting, the loss of face can have a profound impact in the
Yellow Springs. Position and rank, both in the family and in

Imperial service can be determined by how much "face" you

show, and an embarrassment generated by problems with one's
p'o can be particularly damaging to political aspirations. Af-
ter all, such a...concern demonstrates a lack of self-control

There are very few Pardoners in the Kingdom of Jade
Here, a wraith is expected to deal with any problems with her
p'o on her own. A trip to a master of Castigate is an admis-
sion that one's p'o is out of control, and a demonstration that
one is too weak to keep one's p'o under wraps will surely be
taken as a glaring weakness by one's enemies. Even worse,
problems with the p'o are often considered to be a harbinger
of corruption in a wraith, and a wraith whom rumor associ-
ates with p'o-spawned difficulties will often find himself os-
tracized

The socictal need for self-sufficiency does make a p'o's
job much easier. It's much simpler to attack a victim who re-
fuses reinforcements, after all, However, because a wraith is
unwilling to show his problem, that doesn't mean that meddle-
some wraiths within his clan won't interfere on his behalf.
Such help, while often needed, is not necessarily appreciated

As a' countermeasure against their p'os, most Chinese
wraiths learn at least the basics of the Way of the Soul. Use of
this Arcanos is limited almost exclusively to private moments.
led and
won than to seem invulnerable to base emotions. Again, the

In the Yellow Springs, it is not better to have strug:

appearance of control over the p'o is almost more important
than the actual control itself.

A wraith should not necessarily despair if she is unversed
in the Way of the Soul, though. In the lands of the dead,
there are many "doctors" who will prescribe medicines or ap-
ply needles or massages to protect a wraith against the whis-
pers of her p'o. These cures have various levels of effective-

ness, depending on, among other things, the abilities of the

42 Shadow Players Guide

<>)

"doctor," the wraith's faith in the cure and the materials in
volved in the treatment. Indubitably, the most effective
method of raming the p'o is the use of custom-made True Jade
Artifacts, which are draped on the wraith's body for the dura
tion of the rrearmenr, In extreme cases, the wraith must wear
the jade amulets for days, weeks or even months, which is
both ostentatious and a sure sign that she's having p'o trouble

System: Ar Sroryreller discretion, ifa wraith goes to a doc-
tor for help with his po, the doctor rolls Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty 7) to convince the patient of the efficacy of his rech
niques. The wraith then rolls Willpower (difficulty of the p'o's
Angst)

number of Temporary Angst points equal to the number of suc

permanent If the wraith succeeds, he may subtract a
cesses the doctor achieved from his p'o. If True Jade Artifacts are
involved, the difficulty on all rolls is reduced by two

In the case of a failure on the Willpower roll, the po
gains a single Temporary Angst point. A hotch produces an
Angst gain equivalent to the number of failures the doctor
had on his initial roll. Furthermore, in cases like this the doc-
tor may prescribe the wearing of True Jade, to rame and pin
the po until such time as the wraith can regain some sem
blanee of control of himself. If the doctor fails his roll, the
wraith must still roll Willpower. Accidents do happen

Note: While this sort of treatment can oceasionally be
very effective, it can also vet quite expensive. Also, ifa wraith
is seen making repeated visits toa doctor, the damaging whis

pers start immediately.

True jade Amulets

Amulets and charms of True Jade, dmScribed with
charmsjagainst the\fo, are the surest deféfise a wraithiof
the XellavSprings haSagainst his other half While costly,

such amulets will give reduce a wraith's difficulty by two

itvall Polls Telating to his p'o,

Just remember that all Artifacts mustebe Li@@nsed,
and that there are tax
wearing True Jade
knowsiwhat the neighbors will say abowf/Sameone whos
wearing $0 Manyamulets?

s that must be paid. Filttherfmate,
an invitation to bandifs, and'Whp

Doctrinal Views of the Po and Aun

As a whole, the denizens of the Yellow Springs were a
mystical and superstitious lot in life. The fact that the aftet
life they all found after death is suspiciously like all the old
stories does tend to reinforce these beliefs, transforming a liv
ing human's superstition into a wraith's unshakable convic
tion. While there are different regional beliefs that vary from
town to town nor to Mention province hy province

there are a few basic concepts of the hun and p'o that are


= = = a Seen = Ss a 62 %
OS RO OO oy,
ee eee A WSS Pee MN El" MED ais cos SET

more or less universal, Below are a few notions as to how reli
gious philosophers, aswell as wise women with too much time
on their hands, ¢ xplain the existence of the po

None of these views are exclusive. Eastern philosophy is
a butter table of different beliefs and ideas. Most pick and
choose what they want to believe —and then believe it, It is
possible to be a Confucianist, Buddhist and communise all at
the same time. In fact, iris nor ar all uncommon. With that
in mind, the doctrinal notions of hun and p'o can be inte
grated in fascinating ways. As to who's right, well, thar's still

open to debate

Contucianism

Confucianism isa philosophical system founded by the teach
ings of Confucius (551-479 B.C.) ack.a. Kung Fu-tcu. This sys
tem of thought has dominated sociopolitical life in China since
the philosopher's death, and almost all exams for governmental
positions have been based on the examinee's knowledge of Con
fucian classies. Furthermore, at its inception, Confucianism was
Vague In such a Way that it blended smoothly with ll of the
disparate religious beliets of the time, while instilling a strong
and distiner moral code in its followers

In essence, Confucianism is a way of approaching your day
to-day activities in order to achieve a harmony with both your
selfand the society around you. Afterall, humans are social crea
tures, and society is what separates humans from beasts

In Confucian teachings, one achieves the harmony by
following li, or social rituals that convey your respect for hu
manity. This means that one should show patience, sincerity,
obedience, and should always fulfill one's obligations. Portu
nately, Confucianism also takes time to outline those obliga
tions. The most important ones are those between parent and
child, employer and employee, and ruler and subject. All of
these relationships follow the same paradigm: The "greater"
member of the relationship provides an example to those un
der him, for it is natural for people to imitare those figures
who command Fespec } a

With practice, and by always acting in accordance with
li, one eventually acts in proper fashion instinctively. Onee
such a state has been achieved, a person's natural inclina
tions are in harmony, which is all to the good. Proper behav-
ior is performed, while improper behavior is eliminated. This
state is called jen which is the highest level of moral develop
ment that a human heing can achieve. Once everyone
ichieves jen, then the world is at peace, order abounds, and
the harmony hetween the natural and the social spheres re

sults in marerial well-heing for everyone.

Dealing with the Po
Confucianism relies on the use of l? to control the de

structive urges of the p'o. [fone rigorously follows the various

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 43


there is very little danger

{|
p= i}!

rituals of everyday lite, f the p'a
heing able to foree the wraith ro do anything that contradicts
proper behavior. Afrer all, the p'o only wants to be in its proper
arguing with a hun concerned

place, so it has a ditticult time

with acting correetly

In modern psychological terms, this can be defined as

something akin to conditioning. By accepting the supersti
tions, customs and rituals of society, the wraith forces his p
to play within the boundaries of established metaphysics. Es
sentially, the p'o is compelled to play by the traditional rules
of what is and what isn't done, Even if the p'y can somehow
convince the wraith tu consider various improper actions, in
theory the observance of li prevents the wraith from acting
out any of the more radical ones

Optimally, the wraith can balance her hia and p'o through
the continuous use of rituals. Most wraiths concentrate on
those customs that involve social interaction, such as the

greeting of a guest, the offering and exchanye of gifts and the

respectful, the

wh shrewd, banter in the marketplace. True

masters of the use of li, however, know the value

Ofusing ritu
als to cater to the needs of the p'o; bribing it as a way of dis
tracting it from its long-term goals. Such rituals involve, for
example, bodily needs that a wraith no longer has, but which
the earthy p'o misses. Some examples include Japanese tea
rituals and traditional Chinese wedding banquets or even more
simply, dinner. While the actual ceremony per se cannot bi

performed by a wraith in these cases,

44 Shadow Players Guide

The Po Views on Confucianism
The po

might expeet. Confucianism stresses the importance of fami

8 view of Confucianism is less hostile than one

lies, which jibes nicely with the p'o's agenda of protecting
the body and achieving one's proper place. The honoring of

ors and the filial duties practiced by both the living

inces
ind the dead are things to he commended and respected, from
the p'o's perspective. However, the p'o also knows how sin
cere the hun's acceptance of these heliefs is in truth, and it
has a few issues with thar.

While the him may claim to honor Confucianism's tradi
tional beliefs, the p'o realizes that the him's piety has very
little to do with family and a lor to do with the balance and
listribution of power. Those who follow their family's wishes
do so, not from a sense of duty, but from a concern over their
status in the family and a healthy sense of ambition, Many of
the elder wraiths of the Yellow Springs have long since given
up actual concern for their offspring, claiming that the young

est generations of horh living and dead are so alien and disre

spectful. In addition, after'a while, wraiths just stare losing
track of who the by-blows actually are. One's family's offspring
ire still important in an abstracr sense, because they can help
fetermine how much status your family has. However, thi
countless great-grear-grandehildren rarely have a face or a

personality toa wraith who's dwelled in the Underworld for


ST QOL ,

centuries. ln these cases the mandated Confucian relarion-
ship becomes a charade, and while respect is forced from
younger wraiths, older ones do not necessarily reciprocate hy
setting an appropriate example.

This inherent hypocrisy rarely discourages the p'o. Rather,
the pu sees this sham as an opportunity, and concentrates on
the corrupting its hun despite his adherence to ritual — as-
suming, of course, that adherence is salutary and not evidence
of true piety, Even in the closest adherence to tradition there
is still corruption and there is still greed, assuming one fol-
lows tradition without understanding why. Oblivion is never
too far away for these who blindly follow the motions of Con
fucianism while blithely feeling that mere robotic ritual is
enough to keep the p'o at bay

However, those who truly believe in and master the te-
nets of Confucianism operate in some harmony with theit
p'o. It is possible (though not easy) to make the p'o see that
its instinctive desire to protect its offspring can be fulfilled by
protecting those wraiths who belong to the hun's family, as
opposed to the forgetful living, This arrangement, should hun
and p'u be able to reach it, has several advantages. The p'o
finally has the recognition and respect it deserves, as well asa
more active role in the family welfare. Simultaneously, the
him can concentrate on its wraithly business without quite so

much interference from the p'o.

‘Confucian Pos Views on Confucianism

So.THE HUN FOLLOWS THE RITWALSAND,SBRKS ERBER ME AT BAYWITH
LLASD HOLLOW OBSERVANCE? SO HE'ATTEMPTS 0. PLACATE ME"BY. MUMBLING
WORDS OF PIETY AND TOTING AP/HIS OFPSPRING-UINEARDY ARE LIVESTOCK?,
THs, HE CLAIMS, 1S THE, WAY 10. JEN THIS IS-WHATE-TAINKS IS BALANCE.

T KNOW BEFTERs

Now AVEREMHE TRULSPIONS, WERE HIS: ATTENTION STO HIS DES
AND DISPHAIS OP/RESPEGH SINCERE, THEN EWOULD BE MOSPSSATISPIED. | po yor
STEK CONFLICT WITHLALO DyMEREREWISHCHIM TO ALLOW-ME TO FULFILE-Any
DUTIES EVEN AS ANE PUORTLES HHS. TiS, HOWEVER, THIS MOCKERY OF THOSE
THINGS THAT-CALLAME MIGHT AND OA — THIS AS'AN INSULT, SHALL NOT BEAK
Tl

HE SH) BE TAUGHT fi

Buddhisin

The founding of Buddhism is attribured to Siddhartha

oT, THisfT00, 1S A DUTY.

Gautama, the Buddha, or Enlightened One, who lived cirea
560 to 480 B.C. Buddhism has its roots in Hinduism, and the
first trickle Of missionaries for this new faith made their way
into the Jade Kingdom during the first century A.D. How-
ever, Buddhist wraiths had nor started appearing in grear num
hers in the Yellow Springs until the third century A.D., when

they suddenly became a major threat to the Emperor's reign.

at iS (Oe iS aa F\(\ Ds es}

It was the tremendous influx of Buddhist wraiths that finally
convinced Yu Huang to construct his own version of hell, so
as to control his increasingly restive Buddhist subjects

Whar exactly comprises the complete teachings of Bud
dha is a matter of contention, and the mystery is shrouded in
two millennia of historical contradiction and misdirection
However, the central doctrines of the Four Noble Truths are
almost universally acknowledged.

The First Noble Truth is suffering, In orher words, every
one, whether human, animal, wraith or other supernatural
being, is caught up in samsara, the eycle of rebirth and rein
carnation. Samsara is a maze ot suffering and physical exist
ence where one's path is determined by one's karma (actions.)

The Second Noble Truth is that suffering has a cause
The cause of suffering is desire, or the craving of material things
ina material world. By desiring things in the "physical" world,
one becomes tied to thar world and the changes that occur
Within it. As a result, one suffers,

The Third Noble Truth is that suffering can cease. The
escape from the constant trauma of reincarnation and suffer
ing in the samsara is called Nirvana

The Fourth Noble Truth is thar Nirvana can be reached
by practicing what is known as the Eightfold Path. Following
the Path requires changing one's existence to revolve around
certain ethical and disciplinary ideas, to train in the arts of
concentration and meditation, and to develop wisdom as a
step in the eventual achievement of enlightenment. The eight
paths that comprise the Eightfold Path include: right views,
right intention, right speech, right conduct, right livelihood,

right effort, right mindfulness and right concentration.
Buddhism is not an evangelical religion. While Buddhist
priests are more than happy tocliscuss religious matters with non
Buddhists, there is no active recruitment or attempt to Coax out
siders into the fold. Buddhism is not exclusionary, allowing it to
be adapted to coexist with whatever religion you may believe in
Most Buddhist teachings are personal in that you have to decide

for yourself how much you wish to be involved

Buddhism and the Pa

Buddhist doctrine provides for two main views of the p'o,
as well as thousands of splinter opinions. While the two schools
of thought run counter to each orher on several levels, there
is no conflict or open debate between the two. Time will sim
ply prove which is correct.

The first prevailing opinion is that Yellow Springs is the
soul's final stop before achieving Nirvana. At this point, the
only thing preventing the soul from achieving Nirvana is the
p'o, defined as the part of the soul which desires and seeks
samsara. Oblivion represents the entire rebirth process, one that
represents a step backward for any wraith who has already

reached such an advanced stage in spiritual development

<< ge a we eS on i : f) — =<
4 Cah 3 4 po RR one Ss nyt YB |


By following the Eightfold Path, by denying the p'o
through meditation and what can be best described is good
living, one finally triumphs and casts the p'o aside. From here,
the victorious soul journeys into Nirvana, Untorrunately, the
p'o asa whole has been very successful at bringing samsara to
the afterlife, According to those who accept this notion, the
entire sociery of the Yellow Springs is a dark mirror of
Zhongguo

Perhaps it is hest that way, After all, no one ever said
attaining Nirvana was supposed to be easy

This school of thought reviles the plo and seeks to deny
it inall forms. However, its followers rend not to be very good
at keeping track of their Fetters. Such wraiths do nor even try
to make conciliatory gestures to the p'o, preferring instead to
find away of separating themselves from any urges it recog:
nizes as part ot the samsara. The urge to protect one's Ferters
(and follow any Passions related to the Skintands) is unmasked
is the workings of the pio. As a consequence, such wraiths
actively negleer their Fetters and Passions, often with disas
trous consequences. Faced with total abnegation, the p'o feels
no compunctions about fighting dirty.

Followers of the second school are a bit more pragmatic,
knowing that they are in real trouble. A land where one might
accidentally ger melred down into white jade for all eternity
is about as far away trom Nirvana as one is likely to get

To these Buddhists, the p'o does not represent samsara, but
rather the only thing holding them back from reincarnation.
Oblivion is not reincarnation. Oblivion is.. oblivion. Nothing
hess. It is not reincarnation; it is destruction. Existence in the

Shadowlands is a horrific detour from the soul's real journey, and

ABicdhist Pos Viewsion-Buddhism

There are Antics and obligations that pne has te one's
family. Théreare cravings and desires that must be satis-
pe. heen ise Pree th Amana es easy for my hun to war
poelie ABbDnt the Fratttesopthe flesh aidlbhevtettety achieve
Pirsann but to hemgi desires to deny MattiasAray this is to
Meine tstence. 16ChAt Aerial eibhemaior's onte rt is but dp
single matter for ine to-finish usp Autics nndtintend the
tan ith ments Oblivion.

"The reality of the situation ss thatcphile Buddhist opraiths
atrim to be on the road. Vlirvann, the Cighttotd-Path ts
impjpossiple tp, fotlow BEE Yetlooy priiegs. "Chey stnmabley
they atbestionble, as pie jtraty successful ab folloving the
Pith pre ran st Acrepeversel(-Acfense Me matter whaty holy
mans therrds tf this aptertifeand itedpnrgese mightihe) he
else fight topth and elary to protdeb Kisdawel frou violence
tyhen push comes t6 shove. ] midedity kind make sive of that;
ve IE DAT Bhears\tvished it Cpere pther aise.

Ana sii they Ab not find the Cightfold Path, be-
chhsetne Aiehere-prih we wll pot surrehen

it is every wraith's calling to end this side trip as soon as possible.
Reality demands thar it is necessary to use karma (defined by
these wraiths as one's actions) to escape from this nightmare ex
istence rejoin the normal flow of samsara.

Then again, it may not the p'o holding the wraith back
from reincarnation. Ir could be the hun, as obviously the
wraith's Fetters and Passions still mean something. Those at
tachments, if not renounced (or Resolved) do not allow a
wraith to move on from the Yellow Springs. In the end, if rhe
hun dominates the shared Corpus of the wraith, it is the hin's
karma that will have to resolve the predicament that the
wraith finds himself in. The p'o has nothing to do with that
at all, no matter how much the hun might like to blame it

Shadowguide Strategies in the jade Kingdom.

There are several different strategies one can use in playing a
p'o ina Jade chronicle. The key thing to remember is to take ad
vantage of the societal quirks and traditions as much as possible,
hiding your activities under the banners of acceptable behavior
Whereas Western play tends to focus on modern problems, Far
Eastern play tends to havea much more traditional flavor, and asa
p'o guide, you can make those traditions work in your favor.

Instead of having the hun focus specifically on you, your
motives and your desires, play the wraith off against his di
vided loyalties. Country, family and friends will all eug him in
different directions, and by playing ap his obligations in first
one area, then another, you'll drive him mad. Try to set up as
many conflicting goals and motives for him as possible, while
making sure he knows he's obligated to follow through on
everything you trick him into doin
into a ti

- Then, when he's wound

» remind him of your obligation to protect your

grave and body. It may be just enough to push him over the
edge — or to get him to do what you say

One important thing to remember about the Kingdom of

Jade is that here, the word "family" isactually interpreted very
loosely. The average postmortem "family" resembles a politi
cal entity more than an actual genetic bloodline; new mem
bers are recruited based on talent and wealth, while unwor
thy blood descendants may find themselves disowned. This
makes fora vibrant and competitive "family" setting, which
can provide fertile ground for a cunsfiing p'o.

While ap'o may not have active ties with a group of Spec
tres in his immediate area, he doesn't need them to wreak
suitable havoc. Often, a p'o will conspire with other p'o from
his family, always with the ruin of the hun in mind. By gossip-
ing with other p'o, a wraith's dark side can pick up quite a bit
of useful information. The juiciest bits, the p'o can leak to
the hun — adding details and highlighting pertinent infor
mation about the family's history and current politics.

Don't be atraid to blackmail the hun with details of her past

or present personal life. Learn to trade for small favors; it's surpris


war
ine how many times they'll makea "harmless" swap tora moments
vrutification. The hun has more to lose than you de, (after all, she
is in charge) so don't be afraid to push your advantages. However,
lon'tdig yourown grave, and don't destroy your own family while
putting your him back into her place, Some things are heyond the
pale, even fora p'o, Destroying individual family members is ac-
ceptable; destroying the family as a whele is not

The p'o is a physical and earthy part of the soul, and this
cannot be overemphasized. While you are not as conniving asa
Western shadow might be, you are more forceful and stubborn
Sull tied into the physical world and physical sensations, you are
relentless in the pursuit of conerete sensuality. Lf your hun allows
you access to the physical world, you are much more likely to
cooperate with his requests. However, in the end, the hum is keep
ing you from doing whar you need to do, and it must be subdued

in order for you to perform your charges properly

New Merits and Flaws

Improper Burial: (2 point Flaw)

Your body was improperly buried. Ir doesn't matter
vhether it was bad feng shui or your corpse was dumped into a
inass rave; your p'o is still going nuts. Somerhing must be

Jone, this shameful stave of affairs must be rectified and some

SOQ
i

ne has to pay for the indignity, otherwise you'll never get
ny peace from your Pos NageiMnygs.

For wraiths with this Flaw, all Harrowings have the same
theme: improper burial and its hideous, soul-rending conse
quences. In addition, an Improperly Buried wraith's p'o ha

its difficulty reduced by one on all Catharsis rolls

fob gl ‘
Kuei-p o. (4 point flaw)

Your p'o is actually a mindless, ravening kuet. When she
takes over, she almost immediately goes into a rending, tear
ing frenzy. Even your appearance becomes savage and hestial
As the Imperial army's reaction to rampant kuei is usually both
swift and harsh, if your p'o comes our at the wrong time you
could be ina great deal of trouble. LE you have this flaw, you
need either a safe place to he locked away during Catharsis or
some friends in high places to keep you from being hammered

into White Jade the next time your p'o comes out to play

Exceptional Burial Site: (3 point Merit

You have an exceptional hurial site, one with superb feng shui. It

|

inything your p'o seems more content than anything else its jok

has been taken care of, atrer all, It is not as insistent as ap averayt
if

wraith's pv is about the safety and well-being our physical re

inains, and iracrually leaves you in peace a good portion of the time

Ae ee

4)

tm

ce
eee


al a as

~ Kuei\lneabilies: 6 point Flaw)

You can be destroyed by mortals through the use of saliva

and blood. You flee at the sound of firecrackers. Mirrors turn you
away. In other words, you have all the vulnerabilities of a kuei
withour being a mindless harbinger of chavs

See Dark Kingdom of Jade for more information on kuei
and their weaknesses.

Shadows in the flayed Lands

by Tim Akers

t the heart of all Mesoamerican cosmol-
ogy ts the concept of duality. The forces
of Light, Life and Fertility stand arrayed
against Darkness, Death and Sterility. In

this paradigm, however, these are not
S| forces in conflict. Rather, they are oppo-

sites working in conjunction for the her-
terment of all. Reality is seen as existing in a stare of flux,
with this wor ld and all Its inhabitants dwelling ina continual

process of change brought about by the two balanced sets of
forces. This creation is but one in a series of lesser creations,
all leading toward the creation of a perfect world,

In this process of worldbuilding, the various dualities act
to hone creation itself, building up reality and then tearing it
down in the quest for perfection. One or the other of the
extremes might achieve a femiporary supertority, but then a
resurgence of the minority inevitably brings everything back
into equilibrium, The ancient Aztecs, Mayans and Toltecs
saw this alternating pattern of domination in the world around
them in everything from the changing of the seasons to the
eycle of a human's growth from helpless infant to self-suffi-
cient adult to weak old age. They characterized these forces
of Life and Death, Light and Dark, as gods. The names thar
they yave them were Querzaleoarl and Tezcatlipoca.

Quetzalcoatl: The Feathered Serpent

Quetzalcoarl's name means "Feathered Serpent," and in
his day he was the personification of everything good and
life-giving. He was the Morning Star, which guided the sun
into the sky. He was Eheeatl, the Lord of the Winds, who
brought the rains to feed the crops. He was the protector of
all things thar grow, and was symbolized as a source of fertility
and lite. In addition, since disease was thought to be an aber-
ration of life brought by wind, he was thought of asa spirit of
healing. Quetzalcoatl's very breath brought life and beauty to
the land, and he was tied to spring and the harvest. All art

48 Shadow Players Guide

A Cuiestion of Cosmology

Stygian res¢afchers have attempted —with limited
success —= (@htéconcile the, Mesoamerican conception
of Life and Death with their own experiences, A school
Of¢hought ciitrently/in vogue holds that the QuetzalcSatl
= Tezcat!ipoca duality issimply another way ofexplain-
ing the. Triatpbuethis opinion is hardly universal. Other
voices Gl¥im that the-two feuding forces wete merely
powerful beingsor éven just powerful wraiths.

This squabbleiis limited to the back rooms of Stygia's
dustiest libraiésand/academies. Even the participants
in the debate apree-that th
that's essentially/pdintless, and that the finer points of
the cosmology of a society of wraiths that has essentially
vanished 18 Of little importance.

re arguing Over Somethit

They have no idea how wrong, they ate.

was dedicated to him, as it was considered to be simply an
unfolding of his spitit made material

Quetzaleoatl was strongly associated with the Toltec
people, a great civilization which preceded the Aztecs. It was
believed that he founded their race and gave them superior
ity over all the people of the land. Under his loving hand,
they built a great empire. Unfortunately, Mesoamerican cos-
mology does not allow either of the great powers to maintain
dominance for long. Quetzaleoatl was disgraced in the house
of the gods, and consequently was exiled. He threw off his
robes of quetzal feathers and marched east to the sea. There
he boarded a raft and sailed away, vowing that he would re
turn to overthrow Tezeatlipoca and bring the universe back
into order,

During this period of exile, Quetzaleoatl continued ta
influence matters in ancient Mexico. Exiled, however, he
played a minor part in the pageant of life. His nemesis,
Tezeatlipoca, beeame the central force in the land. The bal

ance had shifted the other way.

Tezcatlipoca: The Smoking Mirror

He is the Evening Star who crushes the sun under his
foor and drives light from the land. He is the trickster, re
sponsible for the wound that keeps the earth monster on the
surface of the sea, and it is because of the wound that
Tezcatlipoca inflicted thar humanity must sacrifice its own to
sate the monster's hunger. He is a deformed beast, cruelly
twisted by his own corruption, and since Querzalcoatl's exile,
he has been dominant force in this kingdom

His very name means "Smoking Mirror," symbolizing the
method by which he spoke to his subjects. A priest would
stare into a smooth obsidian mirror until he fell into a trance


Upon entering this meditative state, the priest would see
smoke rising from the mirror. By studying the plumes of smoke,
the priest would be able to discern the future, sometimes even
seeing visions of things to come.

Tezeatlipoca is not a simple force of destruction, wan-
tonly slaughtering the innocent and laying waste to the land.
Such simple destruction offers him no enjoyment, for
Tezeatlipoca is a subtle god. With the exile of Quetzaleoatl,
Tezeatlipoca was free to rise to power, in accordance with the
natural course of things in the cyclic cosmology of
Mesoamerica. But Tezeatlipoca was not content just to sim-
ply be a cog in a great machine, knowing that inevitably the
Feathered Serpent would return and erush him. He was de-
termined to break out of the pattern and strike his own path
across the sky, even if it meant tearing down the universe to
do so.

As the master of mysteries and the oracle of the
Mesoamerican people, Tezeatlipoca knew when Quetzalcoatl
would return to land between the waters. Soon, his mortal
subjects were asking him for the answer. Tezcatlipoca com-
plied with their request, revealing the month of Quetzalcoatl's
return as well as the method. Quetzaleoatl would arrive, he
announced, ina great boat from the east, and his arrival would
signal the end of the rule of the Aztecs. However, Tezeatlipoca
did not bother to reveal the year of his enemy's victorious
arrival — only the month.

When Cortés and his fleet landed in Mexico in the same
month as Querzaleoatl's predicted return, Tezeatlipoca chuck-
led. He had planned this, having manipulated events in such

a way to ensure the destruction of his people. When Cortés
was weleomed into Tenochtitlan by Montezuma, Tezeatlipoca
smiled to himself. When the Heretics who had followed the

conquistadors over from Spain incited violence and began the

abomination later known as the "Flaying," Tezcatlipoca

howled with pleasure. He collected all the anger of the dying
Aztees, all the fear and hatred of Ix Chel and his doomed
band of defenders, and gathered it under his dark banner. As
the ground of the Fifth Sun tore open and Ix Chel was east
into the Tempest, Tezeatlipoca redefined his very role in the

universe. No longer a necessary and balanced force of change,

he remade himself into a force of Oblivion. He ripped history
from its pre destined track and pulled it into a downward Spl-
ral, aiming all creation at the Void so that he might escape

his predestined fate

Shadowplay Today

The modern Shadow in the Flayed Lands traces her ori-
gin to the time of the Heretic triumph. Before Ix Chel was
cast into the Tempest, the Shadow was inerely a player in the
age -old cosmic game, influenc Ing aw raith but never actively
coercing him toward Oblivion. Balancing the creative aspect

of each wraith (as associated with and perhaps empowered by


Quetzaleoarl), the Shadow did what was necessary to rein in
its other half's excesses. However, in the wake of Quetzalcoat!'s
exile, Tezcatlipoca assumed absolute domination in the great
game, and the notion of balance beeame obsolete. Individual
Shadows found themselves ina position of power without the
responsibility of helping to maintain equilibrium. No longet
were tentative shoves toward destruction canceled our by the
constructive forces of Quetzalcoatl. The universal balance was
askew, and in the Shadow's favor.

The burden of righting this balance now lies in the hands
of each individual wraith. What was once a cosmic struggle
through which all of creation was slowly changed for the bet

ter had hecome a personal battle, fought in each wraith's soul

Playing the Shadow

There are a few subtle differences between Srygian Shad
ows and their counterparts in the Flayed Lands. Where a Stygian
Shadow is merely a part of each wraith, that portion of the un
conscious that yearns for Oblivion, Flayed Shadows are truly a
part of Tezeatlipoca. They are an unfolding of all the hate and
pain that was garnered at the time of the Conquest, and an ex
pression of Tezcatlipoca's desire for destruction. In the days he
fore the Conquest, Shadows were simply players in the pageant,
pawns that Tezeatlipoca maneuvered in his bid for momentary
power. Now the endless cycle has been broken, and Shadows arc

expressions of destruction personified. Each is more a piece of

50 Shadow Players Guide

Tezeatlipoca itself, vibrant and hating, than it is a part of the

wraith who wishes to serve Te catlipoca

Society in the Ranks
of the Smoking Mirror

——— =]

ack in the days when the forces of

Tezeatlipoca stood arrayed against
Quetzaleoatl and his minions, a Shadow

| represented the forces of death and disin

| tegration, but ina limited, controlled way
)| Each "Player" on Tezeatlipoca's side in the

cosmic struggle had a counterpart on
Quetzalcoatl's team, one who balanced and matched her
When the Feathered Serpent was exiled, his Players lost their
power and only humankind stood against Tezeatlipoea on the
field. The responsibility of playing on behalf of Quetzaleoatl
now rests with the individual wraith. Ir is his own sense of
what is right, and nor the aid of a supernatural agent, that
drives a wraith of the Flayed Lands forward against the night

The model of the team has carried on into this modem age

Each Shadow continues to play the role that she played prior to


The métaphor-ofsthe CosmityGamie is integral to
Understanding the fole<ofShadows ih tie-Flayed\Lands.
The contest betweeh_Muetzalcoath and Texeattipoca-is
implicitly tiaderste6d as a combifiatien chess game/ath>
letic dontest,_arid theipr€presentatives.aré thought of as
Playets:Ergorindiidual Shadews~are-defitted as pawns
OF Playets biMGeacatlipooa's side. Each, ShadewsArche=
type isa typeof "Player" for the SmdkingeMioraering
and moving according tdtype andipatter.

For this se@tion, Player, whem capitalized, means.a
specific Mesoamericanmshadow, Archetype. When ‘not
capitalized, player keeps its tradittonal meaning,

the Conquest, even though her traditional opponent has left the
field. In the original game, Players were restricted to merely influ-
encing the conditions around the person whose soul was being
contested. The individual was free to make the decisions that would
save or condemn him, with only hints and nudges from each side
in the Great Game. Now that T

zcatlipoca has managed to throw
the universal balance out of whack, Players (primarily the Smok-
ing Mirror's) are no longer limited in this way, While Shadows still
prefer to he as subtle as possible, they are now capable of taking a
much more active role in the existences of their opponents/hosts.

The ranks of Tezeatlipoca's Shadows are organized into
Player types. Originally, these Players simply represented nega-
tive forees that would influence humankind. In the post-Con-
quest Flayed Lands, the Players have become personifications
of the forces that they once symbolized. Furthermore, cach is
now able to tap into the primal power of the force it repre-
sents to alter the course of its Psyche's atrerlife.

Each of the Player roles below is organized into a brief
description of the Player, suggested types of Dark Passions that
a Shadow who assumed this role would be inclined to take,
and one or two Thoms in which that Player specializes.

Miquiatli: The Skul

The most primal of all degenerative forces is death, de-

fined not just simply the ending of life itself, but more accu-
rately as the ending of the patterns that life creates. Miquiztli
concerns itself with chavs in all its forms, from the decay of
material things to the disruption of organized factions and
the dissolution of ideas. Miquictli is nor happy for as long as
any force of order exists in the wraith, and it will do every-

thing in its power to disrupt that order.

Dark Passions

Shadows who act out the part of the Skull tend to focus on
bringing chaos into the afterlife ofa wraith. Skull-Shadow's Dark

Passions always rarger the pillars of stability in the wraith's exist-
ence, be they the community in which the wraith lived or some
Fetter thar he holds especially dear. Miquiztli is a patient Player,
slow ly chipping away atany Suppe wt structure a wraith is able to
create for himself. This patience often manifests itself as a Pas-
sion which may seem beneficial ro the wraith, but which ends up
resulting in chaos. For example, a Shadow may strive to increase
the wraith's status in her community, bending its will to maneu
ver her into a position of influence. While this may at first seem
to bea positive thing for the Psyche, Miquiztli's reasoning is that

it is easier to destroy a community from the top.

Thorns

Corrupting Touch: 7 points — Oblivion is the embodi
ment of passive destruction, and Miquiztli is the master of
decay, The Shadow can use this Thorn to corrupt anything
that the wraith touches. By spending two points of Tempo-
rary Angst, the Shadow may attempt to corrupt an object,
introducing the force of decay Into its Very structure, Onee
the Angst has been spent, the player rolls Temporary Angst.
Difficulty is at Storyteller discretion, depending on the im
portance or strength of the object. A building that has emo-
tional ties to many wraiths would have a difficulty of nine ot
10, whereas the difficulty to affect a relic ashtray would be
three or four.

If the roll is successful, then the object is infected. An
infected object will immediately begin to decay at a height
ened rate, depending on the number of successes rolled. One
success will result in a slow process of decay that might take
years To complete, whereas five successes would bring about
destruction in a few short days. This power may be used on
relics, Artifacts or objects in the Skinlands (if the wraith
Embodies first), but it may never be used on living creatures
or other wraiths.

The Shadow ean only use this Thorn during Catharsis.

Acatl: The Cane

An empty cane represents a fruitless crop, and it symbol

izes emptiness and meaninglessness. While this Player was
fairly important in the Skinlands during the days prior to the
Conquest, it has reached its full potential in the Maelstrom
swept desolation of the Flayed Lands. Every wraith knows the
feelings of loss and emptiness that plague the Flayed Lands,

and Acatl thrives on these emotions.

Dark Passions

Acatl is bent on reminding a wraith of all that she has
lost, constantly pointing out the fruitlessness of her afterlife
and reveling in the destruction caused by the Heretics during
the Conquest. The Dark Passions of a Shadow that follows


the path of Acatl center on revealing the empriness of the
wraith's surroundings, revealing the corruption of those around
her and quashing the dim light of hope in her soul. Some of
these Shadows thrive on simple depression, while orhers seek
to bring a wraith to disillusionment and active self-destruc-
tion, A Shadow of this path may seek to berter the wraith's
situation temporarily, but only to bring her crashing abruptly
down later. As with all Shadows in the employ of Tezeatlipoca,
Acatl is a subtle manipulator, and its motives are nor easily

deciphered.

Thorns

Enigma: (3 points) — Tezcatlipoca is the master of mys-
teries, and Acatl has access to its master's knowledge. Use of
this Thorn allows the Shadow to rey eal some tidbit of intor-
mation about the wraith's future to her Psyche, though this
information is usually sketchy and always nebulous. The
Shadow uses these portents to inspire false hope in the wraith,
usually with the intention of setting her up for a fall. Alter-
nately, the Shadow may twist the details of its vision of the
future, allowing the wraith to believe thar better days are just
around the corner, when, in fact, the worst is about to arrive.

Repercussion;: (6 points) — Acatl is a master of making
a bad Sttuation appear even worse than it really is, and can
often draw more power from the Psyche's actions than the
wraith intended, Whenever a wraith does anything thar causes
him to gain Angst, the Shadow may spend a point of Tempo-
rary Angst and roll his adjusted Temporary Angst against a
target number of nine. For every success that the Shadow gets,
the wraith receives an additional point of Angst.

Cozcaquauhtl: The Vulture

Vultures are ultimate scavengers, fighting over the re-
mains of other's victories. It is because of this that vultures
came to be linked with rotting flesh and other refuse.
Cozeaquauhtli is the Spoiler, who takes good things and per-
verts them into something horrible. In the days before the
Conquest, this Player strove to corrupt the good actions of
others and reap the worst effects from the best intentions, In
the Flayed Lands today, a Shadow that takes this Player role

does everything in its power to turn the positive accomplish-
ments of a wraith against him.

Dark Passions

The Vulture is a CONNIVINg creature, gaming personal
henetit trom the deeds of others. It is because of this that Shad-
ows of this calling will often have Dark Passions that are close
to the Passions of the wraith, but which have heen twisted
slightly in their intent. For example, ifa wraith has a Passion
thar calls for her to protect a loved one, the Shadow would
want to smother the subject of the Passion with protection,

Shadow Players Guide

~ a OAs

so much so that the attention becomes unbearable and the

loved one is driven off.

Thorns

Means to an End: (6 points) — This Thorn allows the
Shadow to ruin the actions of the wraith. It is often used while
the wraith is attempting to gain Pathos from some source, or
while he is performing some action that would fulfill one of
his Passions.

Whenever the wraith rolls dice, the Shadow may spend
one point of Temporary Angst and use this Thorn. The
Shadow then rolls a number of dice equal to his adjusted Tem
porary Angst with a difficulty equal to the difficulty of the
action that he is trying to corrupt. For every success that the
Shadow gains, one of the wraith's successes is canceled out. If
the Shadow rolls more successes than the wraith, a borch is
the result.

Should this Thorn produce a botch, the result of the al-
tered action should favor the Shadow in some way. Usually
the Vulture's interference produces a result thar furthers his
Dark Passions by simply twisting the direction of the intended
action. For example, if rhe wraith were attacking someone in
the Skinlands who was about to harm a loved one, the attack
might instead misfire horribly, thereby damaging the person
whom the wraith was trying to protect.

Tochtli: The Rabbit

Tochtli represents everything weak in the animal king-
dom. Rabbits do not fight, nor do they defend their territory.
Shadows who follow the path of Tochtli seek our the weak
nesses of their wraith and exploit them, and point out the
shortcomings of others to erode the wraith's trust in her com-
patriots.

Dark Passions

Tochtli is concerned with the faults of others, as well as
constantly second-guessing the actions of its Psyche. A suc
cessful Tochtli will frighten its Psyche into inactivity, con-
vineing it that none of its actions will be sufficient to stave
off impending doom. Tochtli's Dark Passions focus on digging
up the secrets of the wraith and displaying her faults for the
world to see. Tochtli is also interested in the faults of others,
hoping to expose the weaknesses in everyone else as justifica

tion for its own.

Thorns

Enfeeblement: (5 points) — Sometimes a wraith ignores
Tochtli's silent urgings toward caution, and instead attempts
to do something spectacular. It is at these times that Tochtli
must prove that its warnings of failure were not merely hys-


terical ranting, and that the wraith is too weak to survive on
his own. Whenever the wraith attempts an action that the
Rabbit feels is inappropriate, Tochtli may use this Thorn. By
spending two points of Temporary Angst, the Shadow may
roll a number of dice equal to its adjusted Temporary Angst
(difficulty is Willpower). For every success that the Shadow
gains, the wraith effectively loses one level in the Ability that
is about to be tested. For example, if a wraith were about to
strike a blow in combat, the Shadow could use this Thorn to
reduce its Psyche's Melee rating. This loss is temporary, and

ill Abili-

ties return to their normal value. The Shadow may use this

only lasts for one Scene. At the end of the Scene,

Thorn multiple times, so long as it has the Angst to pay for it.
Escape: (4 points) — What good is it to point out the
weaknesses of the wraith if the wraith gets herself destroyed

anyway? This Thorn allows the Shadow to provide the wraith

with an escape when things get desperate. Escape works ina

way similar to Argos, and may well be a limited form of that

Arcanos. Te

out of a situation to

» use Escape, the Shadow must offer a quick way

the Psyche, who may refuse it. If it ac
cepts, the Shadow then opens a portal to a safe place, through
which the wraith may escape. Only the wraith whose Shadow
opens the portal may make use of it, and all others (wraiths
ind Spectres alike) remain left behind. The portal opened is
not a Nihil pers

destination

; instead it is a direct link to the wraith's safe

Once the wraith has agreed to let his Shadow get it out,
the two personalities have precisely one turn to agree upon
two things: their shared destination and the cost of the
Shadow's help. The price for Escape is paid in both Pathos
ind Angst, and the exact amount that each contributes is left
up to the two personalities to decide. A rule of thumb is that
one or two points sacrificed will get a wraith out of immedi
ate danger, but maybe not far enough away to insure that dan
ger won't come looking for her. Three or more may well be
enough to get the wraith to a safe place long enough for her
to rest and heal up.

As for destination, the time limit on deciding where the
wraith is escaping to is absolute. Should a turn expire with-
out an agreement having been reached, the Shadow gets to
decide where he's taking the wraith. The only restriction on
the Shadow at this point is that.che destination must be sate
However, this gives Tochtli an awful lot of latitude. "Safe"
destinations meeting the Rabbit's criteria have ranged from
the top of the Empire State Building toa chamber in the Laby

rinth with Spectres waiting patiently at every exit

Ehecatl: The Windstorm

Ehecatl most closely resembles Tezcatlipoca's true self
incarnation as the destroyer. The Windstorm is the personifi

cation of senseless violence, and represents the obliteration

oms 53

Chapter Three: The Other Dark kingd


of things both material and immaterial. In the Flayed Lands,
Ehecatl was glorified in the destruction of Ix Chel and his
minions, and has only grown in power since those dark days.
Shadows who play the part of the Windstorm urge their Psy-
ches to take revenge on the Hierarchy for the destruction of
their lands, and these Shadows somerimes go so far as to pro-

vide their Psyches with the means to exact this revenge.

Dark Passions

These are simple enough: Destroy, destroy, destroy! When
Ehacatl is the Player, the Shadow is rarely concerned with
the exaer nature of the destruction it wreaks, nor with the
identities of the victims of its fury. It is far more interested in
the act of obliteration itself. The Shadow may receive more
pleasure from the annihilation of objects or people that meant
a lot to its Psyche, but its overriding concern is to sow as

much destruction as possible while it can

Thorns

Xipe (The Flaying): (6 points) — This is the most po-
tent Thorn commonly used by Eheeatl Shadows. It isa spec-
tacular display of power, tapping directly into the destructive
forces of Oblivion to fuel it. The Shadow may offer the use of
the Thorn to the wraith at any time, and its use is both addic-
tive and dangerous.

When offering Xipe to the Psyche, the Shadow dictates
precisely how many dice it offers, and the wraith may not
negotiate this number in any way. If the wraith accepts the
Shadow's offer, he may enact the power of The Flaying.

When using Xipe, a player choosesa target within line of
sight and rolls the dice that the Shadowguide offers her (dif-
ficulty 7). Each success scored causes one level of damage to
be done to the target. If the wraith Embodies, she may use
this Thorn on a Skinlands target; otherwise the choice of vic-
tim is restricted to the rest of the Underworld. Furthermore,
the damage Xipe causes is unsoakable, as it is the raw stuff of
Oblivion that causes the wounds the target receives

In exchange for this power, the Shadow gains one point
of Angst for every nwo dice rolled, and an additional point of

Angst for every "1" that comes up on the dice. If the roll

A Note About Other Thoms

Shadows in the Flayed Lands:aré by no means lim-
ited tothe Thorns listed above. They tayfusé any/of the
Thotns fromedWraith:: The Oblivion Setend Edition, as
well as thése contained elsewhere-in this-book, assuming
that théy paysthe nofmal price fopthiem. The ones listed
in this chapter'are simply those Thorns that the Player
foles specialize in,,or'that' [egeatlipaca has ofeatedlspe -
Cificallyfordhe use of his'Servants.

° 4

Tee

Cys ~

results ina botch, then the winds of Oblivion target the wraith
himself. He is immediately stripped of all remporary Corpus
and falls into a Harrowing.

This Thorn can be used during Catharsis, but that the
dominant Shadow pays the Angst it would normally have r
ceived for calling upon Xipe.

Quetzalcoatls Players

In the days before the Exile, each of the Players listed
above would have been opposed hy one of Quetzalevatl's own
Players. Now thar the Feathered Serpent has been forced from
the ficld, it is up to individual wraiths to carry on withour his

guidance, Only faint echoes of the Feathered Serpent's pres
ence remain, and it is these resonances that serve as an Eidolon
toa wraith in the Flayed Lands. A Mesoamerican wraith un
derstands her Eidolon to be a remembrance of one of

Quetzaleoarl's Players, and will refer to it as such.

The Bush of Ghost

by Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea

If we lose (our) love and self-respect and respect for each
other, this is how awe will finally. die

— Maya Angelou, Essence, December 1992

| he Bush of Ghosts is the true name of the
I African Underworld. Though many believe
| that it comprises only the rural or pastoral
part ol the Underworld, excluding the et

ies, in fact, the Bush encompasses the whole
| of it. Existing before the rise of villages, the

Bush still underlies even the greatest of me-
tr polises. The kingdoms W hic h COMPpTise W hat Westerners erro-
neously call the Dark Kingdom of Ivory may contain great and
powerful cities wrapped in decay, but beneath them lies the Bush
—scemingly eternal and therefore, patient. Surrounding the Bush
and lying between many of the kingdoms is the grear Ocean,
which corresponds to the Tempest.

Still, much of the Shadow lands remam similar to its mir
ror image in the living lands and the wraiths who inhabit
them retain their ties to the living even more closely and jeal
ously than do those of the west.

Playing a wraith (and that wraith's Shadow) in the Bush of
Ghosts presents several roleplaying challenges. Chiefamong them
are understanding the differences in culture that give the Afri
can Underworld its unique shape and how those cultural beliefs
create a wraith that is nota dual entity, bur a quadruple one,
Because of these differences, the Shadow fulfills a slightly differ
ent role here than its Western counterpart might.


First, ir serves to goad the wraith as those of the Western
Underworld do. Second, it alienates the wraith from those
who remember her. This weakens her ties to the world of the
living and hastens her dissolution or transformation into a
Sinkinda (Spectre). Many Africans believe in reincarnation.
They see life and death not as mutually exclusive, but as two

sides of the same thing. Each is regarded as simply a different
state of being. Rather than viewing death as the end of life,
Africans see it as a transition state herween their former life
and one they have yet to live.

Each soul enters the Ile Aiye or House of Life — the ma-
terial world — with a particular purpose to fulfill, A person
who dies before doing so retains her responsibility for achiev-
ing that end. Asa wraith she must continue to use her abili-
ties and enlist her descendants in fulfilling her lifework, Some-
times, the nature of her task on earth only becomes clear af-
ter death, when the new W raith suddenly realizes that she
¢annot complete her passage from the He Olokun or House of
the Deep (another term for the Bush of Ghosts) to the Ile
Orun or House of Heaven (similar to the Far Shores) from
which she may experience rebirth as one of her own descen-
dants.

The intrusion of nonnative religions and belief systems,
such as those of Islam and Christianity, has caused drastic
changes to this once continuous cycle of the soul's journey
through the three Houses. Rumors have proliferated within
the Bush of Ghosts that the passages between these three
realms have closed, if, in fact, they ever existed. Suspicion
thar the only future for an African wraith lies in its dissolu-
tion in the swirling depths of Ocean fosters a growing anger
and frustration for the Bush of Ghost's Restless Dead. Wraiths

who inhabit the Bush of Ghosts now cling ferociously to their
connections with the Ile Aiye, fearful of what awaits them
once they are no longer remembered by the living. Shadows
of African wraiths thrive on this terrorand seek to drive their

wraiths closer and closer to Oceans edge.

Remembrance

Abambo, as African wraiths call themselves, expect to he
remembered by their families. What is often mistaken as an-
cestor worship by outsiders unfamiliar with what they are see-
ing is actually simple recognition of the place the dead oe-
cupy in the current lives of their descendants and loved ones.
Maintaining this connection and using it to complete unfin-
ished tasks (as a preface to eventual rebirth into the living
world as one of their own descendants) forms the primary
goal of wraiths native to the Bush of Ghosts.

Like their Western counrerparts, ahambo (the singular form
is thambo) face an inner struggle to achieve their aims and to
retain their connection with the world of the living. Unlike the
duality inherent in western wraiths, however, ahambo have a
four-fold nature. The goredenna (literally "black cloud") or


oe =

‘ a7 tially easier for the goredenna to do its jok sundering the connee
Akiia and Sikhumbuzo tions between the soul and those who remember ir in the world of

the living. Should all an ihambo's Fetters he destroyed rather than

Abambo start with onefréemdat, iMEjidolon, reflect-
ing the,presence-of their-akwaras-a' separate and distinct
part of ther four-fold jsouly Unless thére, is $8me over-
wheliping teason Why they-would tomdo'so,"aku@alw
taanifese as the tbantbo'sttue Natures rathe? than its\De
M¢anor. When attehipting to staveort the garederina's'dep-
tedations, an ibambo's player may.roll on henEidélon(d
ficalty 8). Succes$ Causes the akua to manifest' (Story-
téllét-discretion.as to-how) for a single scenes foweriti
by [all diffiouluies in actémpts deiresisterhe=goredénna,
The\aku@ cannot manifest more ofteniin a'sessionsthan
an ibanibo has levels in' Eidolon. When Rarvésting--
thos ofdefending a Passion, the manifestation ofthe akua
add$Ghie-autematic success to those actions.

resolved, the sikhumbuzo can no longer manifest, rapping the wraith

in the deeper Underworld. Should the lenna successtully sub

vert or weaken. one of the ihambo's Passions, rhis diminishes

the akua. The akua is unable te manifest again until the chi

gains a point of Pathos. This opens the ib to more potential

ittacks during whieh she is unable to use her Eidolon to resist

Al abambo begin.as "remembered dead"; their primary Fet
ters aré their families, or in the case of great leaders or heroes,
those who followed them while they lived. Abambo are consid
ered to be vital parts of their family (or following) and communi
eating with the living is not forbidden, as it is in the Shadowlands
of Stygia. The Code of Charon does not apply in the Bush of
Ghosts. Remembered dead are honored by their tamilies and

friends, who offer them gifts and regularly seek their cornsel rc
Sikhpnbuz appear asthe idealized memOtyadthtrs rarding any important family or tribal decisions. Tasks which the

havé ofthem. Rather thanjbeing a distinct, Separate pet- al
sonality the sikhumbuzo embodies those qualities mast
prized byeth¢abambo's mortal Fetters. (Fobexample: If a
grdat ledder'stoll6wers remember her as\Kind, Benerous
and brave, her Sikhiumbuz@appears to have those attribute

whéntit manifests to thems) Me strength of the ibambos Menioriam and litetask

All abambo must begin, with Mefhoriari scores oPat

the ibambowaas few Fetters, the sikhumbuzo is"Razy and least 2, reflecting theirimportande tethesé who remember

isti thary Fetters or\a few strong ones impart an them. Further, their Betters and-Passions-must teflect the

ble from thatsof a liv- unfulfilled obligations or uttinished business thatthey left

ing person,<Bven abambo who lack the Embody Atedittes behind at their déaths.orexample,-rather thanshaving'a

canwmanage brief manifestations in-thepresence.of their Passion of Protect Children (Lové): 5, an ibambo would

Fetters | by spending. to points of Pathos and one point have a' Passionstich a$ Protect,children by workingtto

ti Willpower. Sikhumbuzo only appear when the sbambo bring famine réliefto my villave/ (Love) 5. This nat only

isiitreontact with her material dr familial Fetters of when provides mofe toleplaying-opportiiniities by clarifying who

a Petter is threatened during a Harrowing. Whefethe and, what theabambo*cared afost-about} but helps-define
sikhumbyz6 manifests during aj HarrdéWing,sthe difficulty morecleatly what the wraithiwas kein lifes

t6/Gvercomé the nightmare tidaiis lowered bys?

tbo failed to complete in life are passed down to their de

scendants to accomplish, so that their ancestors' lives may have

In-addieiony abambowhave a Wifetask which\ must-be
selected during' the/précess of character creationy While

Shadowself of an African wraith makes up only one part of a this'should servé primarily as a toleplaying tool, Storytell-
four-part entity, existing alongside the chioneso ("guiding light") brstiay-chooselto lower thedifficulty of tasks relatéd tothe
othenvise known as the Psyche, the akua (literally "sweet mes achievement of theVifetask: Possibilities for Lifetasks in-
senger") or dreamself, which connects the ihambo with its Pas- clude such goalss Greate. something thatiwill'odtlive my
sions and the sikhumbuzo ("reminder") or heartlife which epito personal existence! or Returtl traditidnal" African ‘tribal
mizes the ihambo's relation to its Fetters or family. values. to-the moderh.world. Any task that is dinlikely to

The chioneso and goredenna correspond with the Psyche and be-completed in/ one lifétinie, drid that is essentially pasi-
Shadow of Western wraiths, having distinet personalities and tive ib-ndtute may be\appropriate. Negatiye goals (Such as
motivations. The akua functions as a manifestation of the ihambo's Eradicate/all‘non-Africans) Ot tisks*that ate ridiculously
Eidolon, overseeing the harvesting of Pathos and acting asa spiri- easy 10 fulfill (like Get my rephéw a job) are hot Lifer
tual bulwark against the goredenna's assaults. The sikhumbuzo and shouldbe disallowed.
serves as the link between the ihambo and the world of the living, Naturally, the goredenna seeks €6 preverit the-ehioriesa
handling communications between the ibambo and her mortal from completing her Lifetask. Itshould therefore*be given
kin or followers. [t draws its strength from the ibambo's Fetters a'Shadowtask of its own to'fulfill. Ehis may either-be in

In essence, the goredenna seems to be outnumbered three to direct opposition 6 the Li kPa task which mores
one. In actuality, however, this divided state of self makes it poten tlyprechides the complétion,of the ibamba's'work.

Shadow Players Guide


been fruitful. The thambo is, of course,
consulted concerning these tasks as
Ww ell.

As the friends and relatives and
who knew the ihambo in life die, how-
ever, and even those later descendants who
have only heard stories of the ancestor pass
on, the thambo is eventually forgotten. Fam-
ily members neglect the shrine set
up to honor their ancestor,
no more gifts are given, and
no stories are told of their
deeds. This is what abambo
fear most, for if they are for-
gotten before they can re-
incarnate, they dissolve
into nothingness (in effect
entering Oblivion) or be-
come either hagundo ("the
forgotten" — ghosts who
nobody remembers, usu-
ally suspected of being

harmful or at least potentially dangerous) or

Sinkinda ("evil ghosts" — called Spectres in

the western world). Ahambo strive, there-

fore, to have their unfinished tasks com- A Bs ‘
pleted quickly so that they may be reborn. i; Qs -

Until those tasks are finished, they r r
must rely upon others' remem- \
brances of them to hold their
dissolution or transforma-
tion at bay. During this pro-
cess, however, the goredenna
realizes that it is destined
over time (usually within
five generations) to be for-
gotten. Its anger works in
sometimes paradoxical ways

to hasten its own destruction.

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms

vw i?


Goredenna

Goredenna are jealous of the living. Although the thin-
ness of the barrier that separates the living world from the
Bush of Ghosts allows abambo to exist alongside their families
and even interact with them in a limited fashion, goredenna
resent this limitation. Their desire for immediate sensual and
tactile gratification overwhelms their respect for the traditions
that govern their existence. Moreover, they are angered by
the process that requires them to fulfill certain conditions be-
fore reentering the Ile Aive (ice., before being reborn). Ru
mors that such a reentry is no longer possible only serve to
increase their anger. As the ibambo races against time to be
reborn, the goredenna seeks to make sure they lose that race.
Because it cannot have everything it desires, the goredenna
childishly wants its higher self to have nothing at all.

In essence, playing a goredenna is not very different from
taking on the usual role of a Shadowguide. Many of the tricks,
manipulations, Dark Passions, Thorns and temptations remain
the same. The major difference comes from the unique
mindset, the reasons behind whar the goredenna is trying to
do and the goals the goredenna's ibambo is attempting to ac-
complish. Because the goredenna can "win" by eradicating the
wraith's Memoriam score, its primary purpose is to garner Ori' bi

(Angst), and most of its actions are bent to that purpose.

Ori bi

Ithough the:concept af inner/turmoiborAings Pap:
plies tolabambo just as itdoes|to Westem wraiths, the Word
isself haserio significarice in the! Bush of Ghosts. stead,
the Word @7i'bi, or "bad-head'bettem portrays Bhissense

Of contrary-behaviorand.self desthuctive\actions result
ing from fearancedn ger, Ori' biembracestheidea that it is
the ibambo herself who has become twisted or wrong
headed in suchja fashionas toscausesherita work against
her own, and her Lifetask's) best-interests, The rules that
govern Angst also apply to gaining and losing. On" bi.

Becoming Forgotten

The goredenna attempts to obliterate its ihambo's memory
in the living lands. It does this through several means: Ar
tempting to harm or discredit the thamho's family, giving bad
advice, helping others destroy material objects thar serve as
its hambo's Fetters, and frightening other members of the tribe
so they will want to drive out the "evil ghost" are only a few
of its tricks. Whenever the goredenna is able ro take over, it
immediately seeks to destroy the ties between the wraith and
her family and Fetters, and to sap the will of the thambo. As
with Western wraiths, threats to and destruction of Fetters
and Passions bring on Harrowings.

38 Shadow Players Guide

—

— ee 9
a e

The goredenna's actions result not only in the accumulation
of Or'bi, bur also decreases its hambo's Memoriam score, thus weak-
ening its connection with family or followers. At the same time,
the resulting loss in respeer paid to it only adds fuel to the fire of
its anger and causes it to seek revenge for not being remembered
The Shadowself fights a losing battle; as it works to keep the thambo
from being remembered, it dooms itself to become one of the For
gotten Dead or consigns itself to Oblivion in Ocean.

System: For every permanent point of Or' bi (Angst) the
goredenna gains, the ihambo's Memoriam score is reduced by
Additionally, as each generation goes by (approximately

every 20

one
years), the thambo's Memoriam score is automat
cally reduced by one. Conversely, whenever an ihambo man
ages to fulfill an unfulfilled obligation or finish one of her
untinished tasks, she is awarded a point of Memoriam or one

that was previously lost is restored

Goredenna Archetypes

Although players of abambo may choose from existing
Shadow Archetypes for their characters' goredenna, the fol-
lowing alternatives provide a better model for African wraiths
Storytellers and players may come up with other possibilities
for customizing the personalities of goredenna to reflect more
accurately the atmosphere of the Bush of Ghosts.

© Beast — This Archetype seeks destruction, pure and
simple. The ravaging ferocity of the marauding beast powers
its actions. The pleasure of rending and tearing drive it to
attack his ibhambo's comrades physically at the slightest prove
cation, When the Beast is in control, it will physically assault
whatever or whomever is closest to him. lt will even atremprt

to do this across the border between the living and the dead,

provided it has the opportunity to affect the physical world
¢ Dictator — The goredenna with this persona needs to
control every aspect of her ibambo's existence lt acts as more
than an advisor, seeing itself as an absolute ruler. The polite
request is unknown to its vocabulary. [It orders, rather than
asks,

fused.

and grows angry when its demands are ignored or Te-

When the Dictator controls the ibambo, it attempts to
take over the leadership of the group, giving directions like a
general in battle.
© Hermit

sees itself as totally self-sufficient and refuses help from any

The Hermit takes orders trom no one. It

one. It dislikes the company of others and seeks to disassoci
ate its ibambo from anything and everything around it.

When the Hermit has the upper hand, it does whatever
is necessary to drive others away from it. It refuses to cooper
ate in group activities or missions and constantly attempts to
find a place where it can be alone (not a good idea for sur
vival in the Bush of Ghosts).

© Outcast — This Archetype feels that others have con
spired against him and are responsible for cutting him off from.

tur

LEW God)

a cy

shadowing a Goredenna

Whe Shadowsuidefa goredennamust ke€p three roleplaying
goals in mind when interacting With the ibambo. Because anger
at @ventuallysbecsiiing forgotten ‘by the living twists the
porédenna into ase |f-destructive fore@acting to hasten her owt
entefaintothe ranks of the Forgottenor Sinkinday its actions fax
cus|on effects that will cause harm tyiesibambo or weaken its
mnemory in the minds ofthettving. First iewalliowhar it cangd
destroy Memoriam anfhjor Fetters, gathering Ori'bi forthisipur

pose by seducing ahd corruptinigiher ihamboumea commuting
wrgneful activitids SéGond) thégoredennd will seek to physically
harin her ibambals G6rpus 95 its/Anger lashes out ab the mectest
target. Third Ah@goredeunh seéks to alicnate the tiving family of

het ibambopehippingvawéy at their angestralitespect as another
Way tolattacle emdriam snd Fetters and to prevent che ibambe
four Utilizing hepddséefidants to accomplish Meplifemske:

Since paltiagt.its anger comes from the face EAab it ho
J6n ger dyells-in. eg aworld of the living#/agoredenna will
sebk every availatsle opportunity to acélipemamembers of
het idambos family who still walk aroun@irithe flesh, caus-
ing then? agimiich torment} as possible fad destroying the
Teputation of the ibambo in the procesgy

The gotedenna knows that eventually withiffive geri.
Stations (opWOOyears) it will have its Avaypas all thoseawhe
Temember hemibdmbo die off and joinghetanks of abanifGint
the Bush of Ghosts\Because of this, ian alfotditobe PAGE
and subtle) When acting as a goredennd-puide, a player
Should avoid cOmstant harassment offitsibambos playen (See
the guidelines for Shadowguides ip' Weaithe Lhe Oblivion
Second Edition foRamplification gfthis precepe

‘Conversely, the gorédennags aware thabit the ibambo
Gan accomplish his\Lifetask aad eomplete his' ynfir

his rightful place in the family and the tribe. He blames ev
eryone around him for his own sense of isolation and secks to
wenge himself for having been ostracized

When the Oureast takes control, he deliberately sceks to
make those around him suffer. He believes that he has heen cast
our of "society" and exacts punishment on those who are still
considered to be part of the group. Because he has no respect for
the traditions or customs of those who have exiled him, he drives
his hambo to act in ways that reflect his own lawless nature

* Sorcerer The Sorcerer desires personal power over
both living and dead. She will push the ibambo to learn as
many Arcanoi as possible, especially those which increase
\nust, Mw) th it they may he used fo mecrease her strength She
is not above bargaining with evil ghosts and exchanging fa
vors to better her own position

When the Sorcerer is in. charge, she will put on as many dis
plays of power (.¢., use her Areanvi) as possible, seeking ro cow

Business, he Will pass on to thé Me*Od@my wherothe will
redeive permission from hisyprdspeetive new mother to re-
incapmate as a child of her familys Phtis)the gofedenna can-
not afford to Wait too long Amal te intetiere and oyertirn
@ain made by the ibamboj

Most goredenna hav aiparticuiar tavoredemethod for
achieving their aims and ¢hoosePhormsdestoned fo fit in with
their gverall concept. Thie- Beast Adchetypes forexample, would
probably choose Thogfis that hay@direet physical effectsPwhile
the Hermit would prefer sfbtlén Phoms designed to eventually
aliénate the ibay{b@iiona those wh oreate about her. Further, as
ich goredennii tikes sts greatest |Sasure from expt riencing the
tactile sensftions available only i the material world, almost
all Poredéhiielearn Arcanoi desiened to allow them to interact
in Phat orld) Ane Since matetialized wraiths are subject to
damage fOriyphysical @ttdeksinéthe-le Arye, goredenna take
Every oppartuity to caj@leyperstadeGrforce abambo to step
across thie botindary and laythemselves open to losing Corpus
whilesh@)goredenna revel iryphiysical sensation, even pa

PatadOxically, all this leads to both subtler and more
overtly biutal@lay and to mpre interaction in the material
@vorld »Passions and Fettersjare given even greater mean-
ing, as/th@¥ @re"pensonifiediby parts of the ibambo's soul.
Pheivingfamilyyiriends and followers of the ibambo also
play a lafgennolepas it isitheir recollections and willingness
fo assist their fevered ancestors that allows|the ibambo to
Continue striving toward fulfillment, and prevent him from
‘being lost to Oblivion or becoming ¥ SinkindasGoredenna-
Guides havea lot to keep track of and must try to balance
all Chkevaspécts Of existence in the Bish of Ghosts when
playing Offagainst their chioneso.

everyone around her. She relishes any harm eaused by these dis-
plays, as they undoubtedly cause Ori bi to grow within her ihambo
Thorns

Most of the Thorns that are specific to goredenna are temp
tations to do evil things or gain improper advantages. As such,
whenever they are used to better the ihambo's position, she gains
1 point of temporary Ori bt. Players should feel free to choose
from either these or standard Thorns when creating a goredenna

Curse: 1 point/level A goredenna with this power can
call down mistortune on another ihambo, raising by | the diffi
culty ofa particular task specified ar the time the curse is spoken
The curse will take effect the next time the targeted ihambo must
perform the named action, The number of points invested in
this power determines the number of times the designated actiy
ity is affected, atter which the curse is removed. The goredenna
Must spend one point of temporary Oyi'bi to activate this power

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingc

mis 39


Sweet Tongue: 1 point/level — Possession of this Thorn
allows a goredenna to coax or cajole its ibambo into do-
ing something that would be harmful to her or against
her best interests. The ibambo must roll her Will
power (difficulty 7) to resist considering the advice
or counsel in its best possible light and attempting
to act on it. The goredenna may use this Thorn as
many times per game session as it has levels taken
in this ability.
Corrupt Passion: 2 points — This abil

ity allows a goredenna to attempt to alter one

of its ibambo's Passions, changing it so that it
more closely resembles a Dark Passion. The
j thambo may not realize this has happened un-
# til the next rime she attempts to feed the Pas
) sion and fails. By expending a point of Will
power and performing an action ap
propriate to the original
Passion, an ibambo may
attempt to restore the
corrupted Passion to
its preferred form.
Until this happens,
any attempts To work
with the Corrupted
Passion result in a one
point imcrease m tem-
porary Ori' biper use. The
goredenna must spend two
points of temporary Ori'bi to
- subvert a Passion and may only do
so when in control. By spending an extra
point of temporary Ovi' bi, a goredenna may attempt
toalter the Passion of another ihambo, provided she knows

the exact nature of the targeted Passion.
Harried Pursuit: 2 points — The goredenna
may use this power to Convinee its ibhambo that
] she is the victim of pursuit, instilling in hera blind
panic which causes her to flee unthinkingly m
one direction. It is possible that in doing so, the
ibambo may abandon her companions, incur in
Jury to her ( Jorpus, encounter dangerous Oppo-
4 \ nents or otherwise harm herself or her reputa
tion. An ihambo falling victim to this ability auto

matically gains a point of temporary Ori' bi

Assume False Face: 3 points — This ability resembles
the Thorn Shadowed Face in that it allows the goredenna to
disguise itself as someone else when it is in control. lt differs
in that the False Face must be known to the thambo's com
panions. If the character possesses the ability to Materialize,
this power will allow it to appear as a member of the ihambo's
living family, thus enabling it to spread misforrune in the Ile
Aiye. In this case, the False Face must be known to those with

Sars

Shadow Players Guide


whom it interacts. Harm caused to others through use of this -
Thorn garners Ori'bi for the goredenna. i

Summon Abiku:; 3 points This potent power allows a
goredenna to call a particular form of Sinkinda, known as an Abiki.
This malevolent and cowardly creature possesses the ability to en

ie

ter the body of anewborn infant, snatching its soul and whisking it
off to "drown" in Ocean, thus causing stillbirth or early death in
the ihambo's family. When this happens, the ibambo either suffers a

ae)

loss of 1 point in Memoriam or else an appropriate familial Ferter
is lowered by 1 point. (Note that the Abiku's success depends on
many factors not under the goredenna's control. Certain amulets
and charms may protect the living from possession by an Abikit.)
The goredenna must spend 3 points of temporary
Oni' bi to summon an Abiku

Zombie Master: 4 points — When
it is in charge, a goredenna may use
this ability to attempt to control an-
other thambo, driving it into Slum-
ber and forcing its "sleepwalking"
form to obey certain simple com-
mands (i.e., Walk over there; Spit on
your leader; Do not dodge the attack)
The goredenna rolls on her permanent
Opi' bi against the permanent Willpower
of the victim. The number of successes
equals the number of commands the goredenna
may issue to her target, ata rate

ion

of one command per round. ,
All commands must take place ~
within asingle scene. At the end of >

the scene, the victim awakens and = .
resumes control of her Corpus, re- = 7
gardless of whether or not the ~ .
goredenna has exhausted its quota of orders.
1 aoe Cad
Shapechange: 5 points — This allows
the goredenna, when it is in control, to as- ey
sume the form of a large predatory beast such if .
asa leopard or lion in order to cause more dam- | " i

age in combat. All Physical Traits are increased ‘ : ae:

by 2 points (to a maximum of 5) and the creature

gains one additional Corpus Level. The goredenna must spend

one point of temporary Or''hi to activate this ability.

Lexicon

Abambo: Plural form tor African wraiths.

Abiku: A particular type of Sinkinda that specializes in entering
the body of an unborn child and causing stillbirth
or sudden infant death. Abiku often haunt the
Same Woman over and over.

Akua: Literally "sweet messenger," or the
dreamself, One quarter of the four-fold soul of the

wraith, the akua enables the ibambo to collect and utilize Pathos

IF Jun Pe tg War aA aee "My Vids MUNG ay)
USMS mater y
ee 5 SUL4 i ‘

i: af \: Ti "

Chioneso: The Psyche. The word chioneso means "guiding light." 44 4
Goredenna: The Shadow, the quarter of the soul thar directly eS INnvisi eS: e Mart
opposes the chioneso. The word goredenna means "black cloud." '

Hagundo: "The Forgotten." These wraiths form the majority of

Restless Dead in the Bush of Ghosts. They are those who failed
to reincarnate within five generations, and whose families no C eC at e Wal
longer remember them. Seen as harmful and potentially evil,

hagundo still occasionally seek reincarnation. However most have

given up that dream, instead settling in to form the major societ | : ff h
ies of the Underworld. They are the elder wraiths in the Bush of by Je Combos

Ghosts, roughly corresponding to Gaunts

, You camot do these things casually. Everything carries its
Ibambo: The singular form for an Atrican wraith. Each tbambo Ther

price
i

ave things to know and things best left unknown
is made up of four parts, the chioneso, the goredenna, the akua

; Wade Davis, The Serpent and the Rambou
and the sikhrambuz =

HerAtve-*Che pimerialwemeleteinenke Ponce nbltzes Creole wraith's Shadow. is both ‘his all
| and his nemesis, He has a relationship

He Olokun: Meaning "House of the Deep," this is another WEAtrPets Hen COME eee Mache trina ke aves eto ne

term for the Bush of Ghosts i} wether instead of against one anorher

‘i 4 However, the Shadow still has its own
.) ]
raat } agenda, and the gouls contained therein

Ori'bi: This corresponds to Angst, although the concept is = ean come into conflict with the goals of

He Orun: This is the "House of Heaven," and as such, is similar

to the Far Shores. [hambo go to the Ile Orun to await rebirth

slightly different. Literally this means "had head." the wraith himself. The relationship between Psyche and
Sikhumbuzo: Lirerally, sikhwambuzo means "reminder" or Shadow in this paradigm is complicated and not easily under
heartlife. It is the quarter of the soul that relates the ibambo stood by outsiders, and only distortions and half-truths have
to her familial and material Fetrers ever made their way back to Stygia

Sinkinda: Malevolent spirits known in the West as Spectres

|,
62 Shadow Players Guide


The World

The Cosmic Mirror is the Creole metaphor for all of re-
ality. It has three parts: the Visible, the Surface and the lnvis-
ible. The Visible is where mortals live, and corresponds to
the Skinlands in Stygian metaphysics. When a Creole dies,
his "soul," or gros-hon-ange, crosses the Surface (essentially
the Shroud) into the Invisible. Thus, the Surface separates
the Visible and the Invisible.

However, rather than abruptly dividing the Cosmie Mirror,
the Surface merely keeps the living from seeing the dead. Creole
mortals and wraiths still interact with one another often, and
such interactions are considered to be reasonably natural. The
most common example of this sort of pain-free interaction comes
when a gros-bon-ange possesses a the body of a mortal through

Puppetry. This practice is called mounting, for the gros-bon-ar

mounts the mortal like he would a horse, and causes no great

excitement to the mortal thus mounted. Because of this arrange-
ment, Creole mortals are called Les Chevaux by their ghostly
compatriots, while mortals refer to the unseen but omnipresent
wraiths as Les Invisibles.

Most of Les Invisibles exist in the Mirrorlands, which
are the Creole equivalent of Shadowlands. Beyond the
Mirrorlands ts the Abyss (known to Stygian citizens as the
Tempest), a terrifying swirl of chaos that belches forth de-
structive storms during hurricane season, However, there is
an area of safety within the Abyss. The Island Below the Sea
is the home of Les Mysteres, powerful beings Les Invisibles
have allied themselves with. The Island Below the Sea is a
haven for Les Invisibles traveling through Abyss, and while
there a gros-bon-ange may even make a deal with one of the

Mysteres who dwell there. A gros-bon-ange who swears him-

self to a Mystere is called a Loa and receives special powers as
a result of his bar

sain,

When a gros-bon-ange passes into the Invisible, she un-
dergoes a metamorphosis. The "conscience" of the person,
called the ti-hon-ange, separates from the gros-bon-ange and
passes on to whatever reward awaits it, Occasionally, the ti
bon-ange leaves part of itself behind, and this fragment of the
higher soul serves as a wraith's Eidolon. However, in most
cases the flight of the ti-bon-ange is disastrous for the gros
bon-ange. Without the ti-bon-ange, the gros-bon-ange is unable
to determine right from wrong.

Many Creole wraiths — the unwanted, the unloved, the
hated in life —unfortunately never pass beyond this stave in their
development, Amoral and directionless, they also have no Pas
sions and Fetters to shape their post-mortem existences. More to
the point, a gros-bon-ange without any Fetters immediately falls
into the Abyss. Unable to return to the Mirrorlands, a wraith
stranded thus becomes easy prey for Baka.

However, if the gros-bon-ange had been important to her
family in life, rather than let her wander her survivors perform

the ceremony called retiver d'en bas de l'eatt. This ritual changes

the eros-bon-ange a second time and allows her to remain in the
Mirrorlands. During the course of the ceremony, the family cre-
ates a Fetter for the gros-hon-ange called a govt, which binds the
dead family member to her family so that they may aid each
other. So long as the family proteets the govi, the gros-hon-ange
will always be able to exist in the Mirrorlands.

Les invsibles and fetfes

Qrher Retrérs sdftietimes Sprout aften thé gotmhas béen

created to anchorthe ros-borbeimgeHowever, taany, of Les
Invisibl@& hay

Only aygovnas a'Fetter. lA.chese-cases, ‘the

rating of that solitaryHetter can in fact be as hivh as\10$

In some cases, the family also calls upon the Loa with
whom they have the closest connection ty aid the newly
fledged gros-bon-ange. (Note: Les Chevaux know little if any
thing about Les Mysteres' true nature. Because Les Mysteres
never leave the Abyss, the Loa are the only contact Les Chev-
aux have with these beings.) The Loa's Mystere then reaches
out and helps the new gros-hon-ange deal with the loss of her
-bon-ange. Essentially, a ghostly mentoring system is in place,
prov iding anew eros-bon-ange W ith a support system of liv my
and dead until such time as she has accepted her new condi-
tion and is ready to begin her new existence.

This is the stage where most of Les Invisibles end their
personal evolution. To these wraiths, the Shadow is not a dis-
tinct entity. Instead, it isa part of the whole, and regarding it
as an enemy or "other" is self-destructive. "Taming" or "de-
stroying" the Shadow ts the same as subduing or destroying a
part of the self, and what sensible wraith wants to do thar?
Instead, Creole wraiths strive for self-integration, recogniz-
ing the Shadow's wants and needs as their own.

Some of Les Invisibles do lend too much credence to their
darker desires and spiral down to Oblivion. The trick, and
one that many Creole wraiths never master, lies in recogniz-
ing that just because a Shadow's wants are actually one's own,
doesn't mean that one should necessarily fulfill them. Denial

can be good for all aspects of the soul.

Becoming Lag

Some gros-bon-ange delve deeper into the mysteries of the
soul, however. During a journey to the Island Below the Sea, a
gros-bon-ange can sign a pact with a Mystere and thus beeome
a Loa. This agreement has profound consequences on both
the wraith and her Shadow, As part of the deal, a Mystere
impresses his own personality on those darker urges thar would
normally serve as the wraith's Shadow. By giving those nega-
tive impulses a distinct personality with goals, Les Mystere
keeps the Shadow from instead focusing its malice upon de-
stroying the gros-bon-ange. Part Mystere and part gros-bon-ange,
this newly formed personality is called the Mair' Tete.

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 63


The Mait' Tete serves as the Shadow for Lou, and otters
both more and the potential for disaster, Normal Invisibles'
Shadows funetion in ways similar to those of Les Morts.

For more information on Les Invisibles, see pages 105-
ILL of the Wraith Players Guide

Lexicon

Abyss: The dark and chaotic region of the Invisible; the Tempest.
Baka: Wraiths dominated by their darker sides; also known
as Spectres

Con

lare Baka and his Mait' Tete

aissance: The Arcanos used by a Serviteur to manipu

Cosmic Mirror: The Creole term for all of reality.

Creole: Term used to designate anything native to the Carib-
bean, especially Haiti.

Govi: An earthen por used as a Fetter by Les Invisibles; see
retirer d'en bas de leat.

Gros-bon-ange: The closest Creole approximation to "soul,"
or Psyche.

Invisible: The part of the Cosmic Mirror made up of the
Mirrorlands and the Abyss; in essence, the Underworld.
Island Below the S
deep within the Abyss.

The home of Les Mysteres, located

Les Chevaux: "The Horses"; the term used by Les Invisibles
to deseribe Creole mortals.

Les Invisibles: "The Invisible Spirits"; the term Les Chev-
aux use 10 deseribe Creole wraiths.

Les Morts: "The Dead"; the term used by Les Invisibles to
describe non-Creole wraiths.

Les Mysteres: "The Mysteries": beings of great power who
reside upon the Island Below the Sea,

Loa: A gros-bon-ange who has devored her existence to the
service of a particular Mystere.

Mait' Tete: The Loa equivalent of a Shadow; the unique com
bination of the personality of a Mystere and the Dark Pas-
sions of a gros-bon-ange.

The shadowy reflection of the Visible; the

Mirrorlands:
Shadowlands.

Mount: The Creole term for possession.

Nanchon: A group of Creole wraiths hound to the same fam-
ily; a Circle.

Retirer d'en bas de l'eau: "Reclaiminy the soul from the wa-
ters of the Abyss"; the ceremony that fetters a Creole wraith
to a govi and creates her Mair' Tete.

Serviteur: A Creole wraith who uses Connaissance.
Surface: The mystical barrier between the Visible and the
Invisible; the Shroud.

Ti-bon-ange: The "conscience" of a person that separates from
the gros-bon-ange immediately after death

64 Shadow Players Guide

Visible: The part of the Cosmic Mirror populated by the liv
ing; the Skinlands.

M Pe
ait Jete

Great gods cannot ride little horses

Haitian proverb

The personality of a Mait' Tete is a unique merger of a gros
bon-ange and a Mystere. As a result, the personalities of indi
vidual Mair' Tetes vary greatly, Because the Mait' Tete of a gros-
bon-ange is determined by his family's relationship to a particular
Mystere, the result of this merger could be good or bad. Some.
times, a Mait' Tere will fit his gros-bon-ange perfectly. In other
cases, the gros-bon-ange and the Mait' Tete may be antagonistic
toward each other, Moreover, a Loa often has a Mait' Tete of a

Mystere other than the one she serves personally!

A Note on-Maif°7efe Creation

Tn order to facilitatefthe creation ofa detailed, play*
able character, thep<isonalities‘of the six mostpowertul
Mysteres in their aspects as Mait' Tetes are detailed be-
low; The information givemhere is intended to serve only

as inspiration. Mix the personalities of your gros-bon-ange
and your chosen Mystere as much. as you like,

Imvaddition, a Mait' Tete/may offéthis gros-bon-ange
Ceftain bnique abilities: he rules for includimg these
abilities are provided, should the ‘Storyteller wish to in-
clude themrinyhér chronicle.

Agwe — Sovereign of the Abyss

Agwe claims the Abyss as his domain. He believes he is
the master of the Island Below the Sea and that the other
Mysteres are his guests. However, he never receives the re

spect he craves, as there is no true sovereign of Les Mysteres.

Characteristics: Agwe is handsome and stoic. His voice
gurgles when he speaks, as if it were coming from the bottom
of a pool of water.

Personality: Agwe is the essence of nobility. He is both a pro
vider and a protector, and expects respect tor his aid. Agwe's reac
tion toany disrespect displayed will depend on the personality of his
evos-bon-ange. However, self-loathing and righteous anger are the two
most common responses for Mait' Teres that include Agwe. In truth,
Agwe's response is never predictable. He might begin to weep un
controllably, or he could atrack mindlessly the person who insulted
him. However, he always defends anyone for whom he feels respon-
sibility, Whether his devotion to protecting his charges stems from a

sort of martyr ¢ complex ora fierce sense of duty is never certain


\gwe often attempts to prove that he is worthy of respect

when dominant. Again, his methods of "earning" respect differ
In some cases, Awe buys the respeet of those around him with
the treasures of his gros-bon-ange. Inothers, he uses intimidarion,

combined with a hovering threar of violence

Examples of Dark Passions: Buy the respeer of others
(Self-Pity); Force others to acknowledge my authority (Arro-
ganee); Sacrifice myself in detense of my wards (Self-Loath
ing); Proteer that which is mine (Greed)

Common Thorns: Spectre Prestige, Shadow Call, Shad

wed Face and Shadowplay

Special Ability: Agwe may provide his gro: ange with

the location of any one person, place or thing within the
Abyss. Any Orienteering roll made following the use of this
ibility has one automatic success. The use of this ability gives

the Mait' Tete one Temporary Angst point

WQS AS

Alternately, an angry Agwe may spend a temporary Angst
point to cause his gros-hon-ange to become disoriented within
the Abyss

should have

Any Orienteering roll after Agwe has acred thus

in automatic one attached to it. The confusing

effect continues until the gros-bon-ange either reaches his des

Abyss

Damballah — Ancient Serpent

Damballah is oldest Mysteres

him dominion over Knowledge and Lore

tination within the storm or exits rhe

one of the His age gives
Furthermore, his
uncontrollable urge to climb is notorious enough that the Sky
is also considered his domain

Characteristics: Damballah loves high places hecause
they grant him vantage points from which he can observe a

large area. His voice is an almost unintelligible hiss

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 65

Personality: Damballah is a wise hermit. He has acquired
i vast amount of knowledge during his centuries of existence,
ind there is very little that he does nor already know. Untor
tunately, Damballah became jaded as the decades spun past
He is not interested in anything that he already knows all
As a re

sult, Damballah often appears detached and only vaguely in

tbout, and this covers most topies of conversation

terested in his surroundings. Only the pursuit of new lore still
holds his attention. Damballah's reaction to the possibility of
discovering something new depends on the personality of his
ros-bon-ange. Arrogant in his knowledge, he either stubbornly
blusters that nothing new could possibly exist, or he becomes
obsessed with searching for this new grail dangled before him
e may be challenged to get Damballah to

Keep

ingry with his gros

One gros-bon-ar
speak with her while another cannot get him to be quiet
in mind that Damballah becomes very
bon-ange if falsely promised new lore

Damballah mindlessly, and sometimes dangerously, put
sues new information when dominant. If he cannot find any
trace of something new to slake his boredom, he stops and
calmly observes his surroundings. Inevitably, Damballah
climbs any tall object he can find in order to get a superior
vantage point, regardless of the integrity (or inhabitants) of
the structure. Once at the top, Damballah perches there and
scans his surroundings for anything of interest. If nothing he

views interests him, he relinquishes control to his gros-hon

Shadow Players Guid

din boredom, As a result, many a gros-b

has recovered himself, only found himself stranded in
carious place by this Mait' Tete
Examples of Dark Passions: Possess new lore (Lust)

Prove there is nothing new to learn (Despair), Flaunt oy
knowledge (Pnde); Hoard my knowledge from those unwer
thy to receive it (Greed)

Common Thorns: Shadow Traits (Athletics, Intelligence
Knowledges), Paet of Doom, Shadowed Face, Shadow Lite
Special Ability: Damballah, if he chooses, may share hi
he reduces the diffi
1 Knowledge by
\nyst

WMUTy

lore with his gros-bon-ange. In doing so,

culty of any roll involving Intelligence or
one. As payment, Damballah gains one Temporary

pone for cach roll thus moditied. However, ain

Damballah can muddle the mind of his gros-hy He may
spend one Temporary Angst point to raise the difticulty of
iny Intelligence or Knowledge roll by one for the duration of

the scene. This ability may only be used once per scene

Erzulie — High Priestess of Love

Erzulic¢ is the Mystere of Love and Desire, embodying her
role by being both Agwe's bride and Ogoun's mistress. She ts
ilways aware of both the finer points of social interaction and

the deeper currents of passionate relationships


JeOIs Ue wy siuRip ape MIRUI PORNO sty ‘19. JOMOPT "SUTURM
st dowod STY Puke "prey PUB pase sp vqsor] sAqpeuosaag

"DAL SNOLIOISALL LB {aay SMO]A yyy odid e Suryous UWaas

SPAY UdYC) "Sedos (AIAN pea: AOD St Ubys sty pue eon ALPES: Ayd st
OH Oued PYM syyeM oY PU P]O St RQoo] ssoMstaIIeaeYyS)

"OTQISTAUT out OV WTO pure uns oy uo

SUE] > AYO] sry ysinbutjas OF tury porto} aomod HULL. M SIH

‘sane ay su suru st tomod seqno] ‘ApowunUopey ye ysnorya

sossed wy ye pues ALYNGS oy IDAO NUON JUL wy sues

JOLT OUUUSOF oul AIM YOR SNUUOD ayeuUt SIE] "UTRUOp

sty SB UG OYA POWTEpS dduUO PUP LOU artusosy ay jo Ub
Jeu way MYT SE OPZ *SatIsA So] JO aSOpyO 9ya st RqnaT

SpeOIssor) al 48 VER pio — esa]

saunas tod
SOWIE. DAY UGA OUT ATGLPLAL SE STOMOd asaUp JO AION

vaso suryiou pue *JUSWIOW oyl ae AULA stapeyry

MOY UO spudodap toy s]ped apays) fomod Yory Ay "adun-tog-so.wy

sty asurede pasn rouvary yvq Jo Jaaod apeys dur yo Aypns

"YIP Syd ogy suo AeLGNs OF TUOd assuUy AueIOduIay auO

puads (vu apoyry snoliyeut e Spurr soya aq ug) urod issu

Armsoduiay auo wy spaay asuayap siya Susy) "adUy-Uug-so.ed

SIY ISUIEDE pash sours yaLC] JO tamod apeyg Aue yo [forays
Joy AQNDIYYIP aya O2 duo ppe Auto apayH Arig peradg

suv] SpA] "dys ueiphaay ‘yanoy paiuey ‘eg

pamopeys WYysry] sya jo yoy "wuooc] Jo KG ‘uondna Lory JO
ban "SOUP WUC] ‘aBysodg aadodg ssusoyy uowwod

*(2R}{) Our punowe suoAIOAD aaeprUTaUT (paar)

AW PuNose SUOAIDAD WOT) ST puLwacy '(auseosjq) ow
eq Wr Jo sajdwexgq

"MAL MM Sip suLlosue Jo yeast oy yeu

JOAOU [JIM OBUY-Wog-SO65 10951] AUT UY "Sashes OY HOFWOSIP ayy UT

punose aUOAIDAD SN5si(] :suols

amstayd astood 8 sayer ay PUL ASOIYs]s at UL UMOp LULY MOTs
(OF qe Aol 4eyd
pue "UY, punc we soul saadouun aouasogd SIy IY SMOUY apaue |

JOU SX » stu "TOAIMC HH "SUONAL Js|pul sTy 9.

‘poseadde Udeaq sey ay PUN onuUoOd OF AUOWIDI99 oya MOTE
wou {yy oy ‘Io, AO MOY ssrurdhonued oyy Wlody Saye pueuop pue
SMAISAPY AIO OJ POPUNIUT soraoUtAAID AWNALITUL OF soy] Apepnon
-twd %H "WEUTOp Woy SUOAIOAD OF DOULSINU LE St Spay,

"ALOISAUU UL papne ways UIPUAT UORNUUOD DIA ESSE vd Aue jo spteaop oy

NY SOUIZIEIUEL st sUtpoory Ipowes aya yo JAPUHo} aaiduiwa \uepua

Ea

"| up pure 1] JPW styl WOO UOlHooUUoD a UOLAID Sit]
SEM. ma) ap sq wp LOIN AL jena oy yey pou YUU SET pure ‘Anoddng
SOUBITY O41 JO AIDISVLT EYAL SUAIEAM JODIE) SIOAK} MPO] May ADa]s
rut sopyuos \JuO pue ‘APASO] ) §)olo0s SI spaend "ynyraavod st oH
‘sasApY JY 9 OF UdAa YoY JRIoI v ST RPUTE sapayF ‘soul
rapha JOY AdUye sty ueyl INYO. ‘1, AOMO] | saansoduioa sty as] ol
[enpe AIputl iysudn pue jet NU Sulsney WON aunseayd yet rads sa, ALIOp
y | [hypdadsausip pur SsuD ‘apni oy OF SON Wi speyy "ulna jeeoqeut
Joy syurad sty Sash UO: yy pue *SANOTS SULSNASIP pue sayol Jno

Sul} SHAOL OH "AqNY & pue dJnisyuread Gs B| YE) sAneUuossag

‘APN Bulog Joy samojode saAou oy pue‘osensury poy Jo Sursht
JO puoy Aypeipadsa st of4 aaasal ve pure UoNNnys Pe yog stopy ey doa
B sIRoM Uayo pul YPUI]Y UL sassap apayh ssaaswaqoereyS,

AVC yyane SPPoye ) uodn apna yut ouep qe MUSATAY Joye YON ured
"OP SIY AE UOLDAUINSAYy puLw Yea, Yog aWaiod puv shozstunu
(POY ME SMTP sIY PUL UOLATTYC) OF sal asopd sey apayey

UOAl|q() 40 sy — apay)

aqunod assy Aresoduiay ve urpuods Aq auop st sty

qunoure otues au Ag sole Meu 02 aduUp-Uog-soa8 doy 1Oy YN

-YPIP op osiea Avun aypnzag Suuedsap e Kporeusaapy "posh stat

awn yora soy dutod assur Aavzodtuay auo Joy saat ospe Apige

sty "UOISSET BUOY Ss ue WRAP Od adUD-UOg-SOd JOU JOY Ayn a]
"UIP ats Woy auo deAgNs Aeu ayNZIq AIG peadg

"dis ueipnory ‘oe.

Pawopeys Wypsry] ou jo PUL *(qamoyry]) WoO] Ww MEd WURO

MOPRYS ‘(SoyoOg SHouvtuopMy ‘ononbag "Aywdury ‘ooue
-lnaddy Seuisuieys)) samap MOpeys ssusoyy, UoWUIOD

"(aplig) suonooayye Aw stunds oy auosue WuEpy (Ure) aA]
ISO] B JO SUOHIAYE OYA YeY IC) 2(ANO7T) ISOT ay Jor ssaypavsas
drysuonejas Aue uquieyy ssuotsseg yaeg jo sajdwexg
"put iy) asuRY oF Uiysuonepal e papuia sey OYA YTEIA e195
0} YEW PUP LOAD AAOUL [PEN OYS PUB SUG Paro] JOUMO eB SPIRIT
poos au OF odt-Ung-sous Jay Unda o4 aud ue Sed pue suryadue
OP [PM aYS Avg AYL UL JosBLp voy ueay jo aduLys v spay arpnery
‘diysuoneyjar aso U Buunsind Uayar aiu-uog-soay say 1 showasuep

ISO SEALS JOADMOPY "DYNZI 04 drysuoneyp. ay) panyes arow ayy

{ENpAIpar aup Uorye aout oy fp asur-uog-seae day or UMwouy Apead

"fe dou auoAUE UBL SGTYSUON Epa WOU TIO} OF SALA YS WULLUTLIOP,
YAY QUO PHA] EO VONSaye ays aunaderar 04 Jo SOUD-UOG-SO LY
Joy spur | MOU HOY O07 sidtuane Lolo apnea ‘pogunout OT AN

ITU -1WOg-SO.45 LOY OF SUOTIDAYL JOY WAMIDL OY

POSUIAUOD oY AIPNZIgq Uv (SUOISSET BC] Sumsind yuods ou

splod) SYN Jo BULATS oy pue Furpoles ysnowys APUC "Assay pus
1 Uo dey [[EM PUL BUDA} ISO] OYA YALA Passasqo atuodaq UBD

ays ‘ayqenel st adUY-UOY-SO.AT AYA JEYA sASUAS AYS St OAIMOP]

UD WOg-S0L8 IY WOdy JPSAOY SoURASIP AOYAIO TPEM Onze]
‘powoual pue paryarys BUI 4] "AHUY-Uu K]-St Mo dy yo Arypeuossrd
oy uodn spuadap SUDNONID JANRSOU O] UOT ou Sunt
*paey \jour WX UGIDALAL JO TOS
Aue OYTO LOY AsHLD UL YOM ‘diyspuar 1) PUL AAG] JO SUOHOUIA
ay sv APHID] se asp Justdopurge pur ssp JO suOnouD Sonu

ut 1 -SO0 Jay, soouaniadxa atynz. ‘ApPIVUN AL yup) boy Joy OF s9
"nop SESIO. AO] LOOM 1, diysuor {VAs oy ny "ay o@ gue Lodi sae
sdiyspuaiy pure son Ajrutey "spenprarpur Gaoaaq sdiysuoneyoa oy
JOY SOILD OYS SE LYPNU SE SUIYIAUB Jog ABD JOU SOP OYS OAMMOLT

‘Aneag pue aA07 Jo ssoasouid Yary oy Ast anne.

sAN]BUOSJag
HUG] JO} 9de]d Duo ur sivas
(fare UONUOME Jay PUe ‘apyoy st ayNzag ‘Apaawunoyup "ada
Any soysiea IeyT HuTYAUE pukB sUOAUE UO TON IaYE SIAAOYS
9YS "MI pue adULpP OF SoAO] aIPNZIg zsasTIdIIvARYD

deal of respect from all inhabitants of the Invisible. Legha
enjoys this position of respect, bur he does nor go out of his
way to demand what he sees as his due. Instead, he simply
expects thar ip will be given freely, without any hints from

him. Legha calmly retuses

y grant any favors if the petitioner
has not granted him his proper respect

Unfortunately, Legba continues to aye, and he fears that a
rime is approaching when he will cease to exist. He will panic if his
ros-bon-ange is confronted with a real threat of annihilation, and
one can only placate him hy spending time in a safe ares

When dominant, above all else Legha will rry to proteer him
self. He often mounts his gros- bon-ange when threatened
does, he always flees by
do

tus protects him and

with Oblivion, and when he

the fastest means available However, Bal

frighten Legha, as his sta
gives him influence over 4

Legba's power continues

them. Unfortunately, as
to diminish, so does his
influence over the Baka. Recently, there
have been some Buka who no longer
recognize Legha's authority
ind he sometimes must flee
from them
Examples of Dark Passions: Liv.
forever (Greed); Flee trom Oblivion (Fear);
Make others acknowledge my age (Pride)
Common Thorns: Spectre Prestige, Dark Allies
Death's Sigil, Shadow Call, Shadowed Face, Freudian Ship
Special Ability: Legba may subtract one from the local
sebiy

it. Creating this effect varners for him one Temporary Angst

Surface rating when hi

cnge attempts an ACTION across

point. However, if tecling slighted Legba may spend a Tem
porary Angst point ro raise the difficulty of his gros-bon-an

ittempr to pierce the Surface by one

Ocoun — Warrior and Hero

Ogoun is the Mystere of war, triumph and bravery. Al
though Ogoun has some political savvy, his real domain is
conflict and martyrdom. Therefore, he is considered a Myster:
of great power, but not of great intelligence
Characteristics: Qgoun is strong and filled with fiery vital
ity. He enjoys conflict and reaftirming his honor, preferably on
the bodies of his foes. His symbol isa saber or machete

Personality: Ogoun isa military figure, through and through
commanding and authoritative. He seeks glory and prestige
through conflict. His wounds are badges of honor and he often
speaks at length of wounds long since gone (and how he received
them). Naturally, Qgoun values courage and bravery and despises
fear and cowardice. He is willing to give his lite in detense of
Jo

the same. Ogoun invariably becomes insulted if his eros-hon-ang

So AN iow d ah, SS ; tries to. abandon someone in need of a champion
YO | ‘ to Sa Bs

those who cannot defend themselves and expects others to

ee ha


LOREX: awd

Ogoun always tries to prove his honor when dominant,
and he does not brook the slightest insult. If Qgoun's gros-
bon-ange attempts to back our of a challenge, then he assumes
control and shows the coward the true meaning of honor. If

Oxoun becomes dominant during combar, he remains engaged

until his opponents retreat or are destroyed — or until he
himself is overwhelmed. Ogoun flees only if he can do so with
our stain to his honor. Otherwise, he fights to the bitter end.

Examples of Dark Passions: Prove my honor (Pride); Destroy
my enemies (Anger); Punish anyone who insults my honor (Ego)

Common Thorns: Tainted Relic (Saber or Machete),
Shadow Traits (Any Physical Attribute or combat Ability),
Shadowed Face, Shadowplay.

Special Ability: Qgoun may subtract one from the ditfi-
This
Temporary Angst for each roll thus modi-
fied. However, an angry Ogoun may spend a Temporary Angst

culty of any one damage roll made by his gros-bon-ange.

ability gains him a

point to add one to the difficulty of any damage roll made by

his gros-bon-ange. The wraith's bravery in combat goes a long

way toward determining which option Ogoun chooses.

New Arcanos —
Connaissance

Serviteurs

oyou want to leam the secret of the Loa? First,
you must understand your place in the Cos-
mic Mirror, as | do. Lam both a master and a
Les

Mysteres guide the Loa, who guide Les Chev-

servant. | exist to serve and be served.
aux. We hold a special place in the Cosmic
Mirror, and have a duty to fulfill. Without
each part in its proper place, all of us would suffer, Do you wnder-

stand? T have merely given you the description of your destination.
However, the journey is yours to undertake ‘and yours alone

Connaissance originated as the Arcanos of the Loa. Given
to them as a special gift over 200 years ago in return for their
pledge of eternal service to the Mysteres, it granted them control
over the Baka that swarm in the Abyss and infest the Mitrorlands.
Since that time, others have dabbled with this Arcanos, but only
the Loa have truly mastered it. The most common method by
which a non-Loa learns this Arcanos is through the Thorn Pact
of Doom, though this is extremely rare.

As both Loa and non-Loa initiates of Connaissance have
made pacts to learn this powerful art, the noninitiared refer
toany user of this Arcanos as a Serviteur, or "one who serves."

Ben

Serviteurs play an important role in Creole society. Their
Arcanos has two major functions: It allows them to control
and influence Baka, and enables them to temper and commu-
Tete
are in great demand, at least one member of every

nicate with their Mait'
ably,

Nanchon will become a Serviteur

As these powers, understand-

However, all Serviteurs must pay a price for their power. In
order to utilize the arts of € Jonnaissance, a Serviteur must ina
sense bond with her Mait' Tete. Because the dark desires of the
gros-bon-ange are personified by her Mait' Tete, this relationship
makes other Creole wraiths very uncomfortable. Furthermore,
the bond hetween gros-hbon-ange and Mait' Tete causes a Servireur
to appear as a Spectre to those using Soulsight
Tete.
Because it is the source of many of rhe Conniassance arts, the

Serviteur must ensure that her Mait'

Regardless, a Serviteur's greatest ally is her Mait'
Tete remains content. In
an effort to placate it, she frequently seeks tts opinion and
values the advice it gives. As a result of this intimate rela-
tionship, a Serviteur always displays a physical trademark of
her Mair'

her Mait' Tete may always hiss when she speaks.

Tete. For example, a Serviteur with Damballah as
A non-Creole wraith with Connaisance also manifests an as-
pect of his Shadow, usually related to the Shadow's Archetype or
strongest Dark Passion. However, Stygian culture isn't quite so ac-
cepring of this flaw as Creole society is, and a Serviteur in likely to
meet with suspicion on Necropolis streets. Most Stygian Serviteurs
also have at least some knowledge of Castigate, as they preter blud-
geoning their Shadows into submission to talking with them.

A Quick Note...

Serviteurs,are hot, and nevewihave-been-conis
ered a Guildhin any wayyShape,of form, Serviteur is merely
#name for all Bhose possessing the seerets of Connaigance,

andthereisno structure (formal or otherwise) binding prac-
titioners of this Arcdnos together. While *theservants.of
the same Mystereimay know orworkwith each othef they.
do so out of shared loyalty to al@eréain Mystere) not out of

refererice to a Shared secret.

Botches

The Arcanos Connaissance deals directly with the forces
of Oblivion. Asa result, a botched Connaissance roll can spell
doom for the Serviteur. Because so many of the Arcanos' arts
involve the aid of the fickle Mart' Tete, by borching a Serviteur
may end up on the wrong side of his closest ally. For example,
he may lose control of himself to his Mai' Tete, or find him-

self on the receiving end of fatal misinformation.

Chapter ue The Other Dark base

hd

Sererrero ui!


Some of the worst repercussions of a borch have nothing
to. do with the Mait' Tete. A Serviteur botching a roll involy-
ing Baka will find himself without proteetion from the Baka
he was trying to manipulate. Baka, ir must be noted, are
legendarily resentful of any attempts to manipulate them.

‘ yee
Basic Abilities

Eyes of the Abyss: A Serviteur may "borrow the eyes" of
his Mait' Tete to detect the presence and concentration of
Oblivion around him. Although this art is commonly used to
locate Baka, Founts and other Serviteurs it was first used to make
navigation of the Abyss safer. A Serviteur uses this special vision
to find Byways by searching for the areas in the Abyss with the
lowest concentrations of Oblivion. [fan initiate of Connaissance
can navigate the Abyss on his own, this.art will also increase his
chances of reaching his destination safely.

System: A successful roll of Perception + Connaissance
(difficulty 8) will locate the presence of Speetres, Shades,
Nihils, other Serviteurs and wraiths whose Shadows are domi-
nant The number of successes scored determines the size of
the area the wraith can "scour" in this manner.

Note: A successful use of this art does not automatically
allow a Serviteur to navigate the Abyss. Argos must be also
used, else the Serviteur will lack any sort of locomotion in
the erernal storm. If Eyes of the Abyss is used to steer in the
Tempest, the Connaisance roll must he made first. The player
may then subtract the number of successes he scores on the
first roll from the difficulty of his subsequent Orienteering
roll (but never below a 2).

Langage: A Serviteur may use the Mait' Tete asa transla-
tor to communicate in the secret language of the Baka, Loa
and Les Mysteres. Indeed, it is not possible to use this art with-
out the aid of the Mait' Tete.

When utilizing Langage, a wraith suddenly speaks in the
foul language of the Spectral hive-mind. While his cries are be
vocalized, they are utter gibberish to any not in the service of
Oblivion. Other Serviteurs can, of course, eavesdrop, but other
wise the only people likely to understand a wraith using Langage
are Spectres and wraiths being mounted by their Mait' Tetes.

System: By rolling Manipulation + Connaissance (diffi-
culty 8) the Serviteur may communicate with any spirit of
Oblivion. This includes Spectres

vadoweuided wraiths, and
even wraiths' quiescent Shadows. The number of successes
rolled determines the length of time for which the Mait' Tere
will deign to act as interpreter, One success provides transla-
tion services for a single turn, while five successes will allow
the Serviteur to communicate for up TOA week.

In the case of a borch, or even the expiration of the al-
lorted time period for the art, the Mait' Tete may deliberately
garble its translation. The results of this sort of deception are

rarely uncovered before it's roo late.

Shadow Players Guide

Regler Mait' Tete: A Serviteur may invite his Mait' Tete to
mount him fora period of time. The host remains fully aware of
what actions are heing taken by the Mait' Tete and may attempt
ro eject the guest ar any time. The use of this art sares the Mait'
Tete somewhat, and thereby dee reases the chance that it will
forcibly attempt to mount an unwilling Serviteur.

System: The player rolls Wits + Connaissance against a
difficulty equal to the permanent Angst rating of the Mait
Tete. The number of successes derermines the length of time
the Mait' Tete will he allowed to be active. Once this roll is
made, the Serviteur is committed to hosting the Mait' Tete.
One success isan invitation for an indefinite period of time,
while five successes will allow the host to safely eject the Mait'
Tete at any time after the first round without contest.

If the Serviteur wants ro eject the Mait' Tete before the invi
tation has expired then there will be a contest for control. On a

contested roll, the Mait' Tete rolls temporary Angst score against

the Serviteur's permanent Willpower. Ifthe Serviteurscores more
successes than the Mait' Tete, the guest is ejected immediately,
However, if the Mait' Tete scores as many or more successes than
the host, the mounting continues. A new attempr to eject the
Mait' Tete may be made the following turn.

Successful use of this art causes the Mait' Tete to lose an
Angst point, However, each attempt (even a successful one)
toeject the Mait' Tete prior rhe end of its allocated time costs
the Serviteur a point of Willpower,

‘Reler Baka

A Serviteur may use this art to summon Bake. The Baka
will use the quickest means available to travel to the summoner.
However, just because a Baka has been called does not mean
that he will arrive with good will on his mind; there is nothing to
say that a summoned Baka will be friendly. Summoned Baka are
just as likely to attack the Serviteur as to talk to him.

Despite the obvious dangers of using this art, Serviteurs
hav e put it tO a Variety Of uses. Among the more common

Uses ar

to summon Baka who have possessed a Chevaux —
the art causes them to leave the possessed body immediately;
to lure Baka into traps so that they can be eaptured with Marret
Baka; and to decoy Baka when one is traveling to or from the
Island Below the Sea,
System: The player rolls Charisma + Connaissance (dit

ficulty 6). For each success rolled, one Spectre will heed the
summons. This art cannot he used to summon 4 particular

Spectre, and costs a point of Pathos to use.

"Renvoyer Baka

This art is used to frighten Baka away by naking the user
appear more powerful than he really ts. Just like an animal
raises its hackles to intimidare an attacker, a Servireur using


this art expends energy to make himself appear larger, more

iY potent, and ultimarely more dangerous. Renvoyer Baka does
Za Gl
LLALGG ~

ow)

not last forever, but it usually holds long enough for the user
DMG

to escape or to ready appropriare defenses

Renvoyer Baka also temporarily inhibits communicarion
between Spectres and the Servireur's Shadow, thus prevent
ing the Shadow from calling the wraith's blutt

System: The wraith rolls Manipulation + Connaissanes
(difficulty 8) to repel a single Spectre from the immediate

wea. The naiber of successes determines the size of the area

itfecred. The target Speetre immediately flees the affected

irea. However, the effect wears offatter a single scene, at which
point the object of the artis likely to return with reinforce
ments to handle the mythical enhanced threat

Using Renvoyer Baka gives a wraith a point of Anyst

 Frigagemtent

A Serviteur with this level of Connaissance can manipulate

Bake, forming a conneetion hetween her mind and the hive
mind of Oblivion. Essentially a form of telepathy, Engagement
enables a practitioner of Connaisance to transmit thoughts and
commands to the mind of a Bake (or group of Baka) wirhin sight
The genius of this art, though, is that che Serviteur implants her
orders so subtly that the rargers will believe rhar the thoughts
were their own. Initiates of Connaissance receive harsh eriti
cism for the use of this art, as many wraiths feel thar by rapping
into the hive-mind, one allows the hive-mind to tap into you
The Rada faction, in particular, claims thar the mental connec
tion operates in borh directions, and blusters that the users of
Engagemenr run the risk of becoming Oblivion's puppets. Asa
counterargument, Serviteurs pom our that ho one ce mpl WAS
‘hour their effectiveness.

System: A Serviteur may atte mpt to control 1 group of
Spectres by rolling Manipulation + Connaissance against a
difficulty of 5 + the number of targets (maximum number of
targets: five). The number of successes determines the amount
of control the user has over the targets. One success means
that the manipulated Baka will respond to suggestions along
the lines of what they would have done anyway (Attack the
muy on the left first, not me) while five successes is enough to
convince a Baka to rend his own Corpus and laugh

The user of this art spends a Pathos and earns an Angst

point for each target he attempts to control

"Reler Mystere

Only a Loa may learn this art. Les Mysteres are ancient

ind powerful heings who have existed from time immemorial
ind are jealous of the many seerets they have hoarded over
the centuries. Even now the trade route from the Mirrorlands

tothe Island Below the Sea continues to bring them new lore,

er BS — . a a " i y, re r Se,
‘ pe ae "aa 3irx Ber . = _ bo) —


which they share only with their servants. With luck, a Loa
may tap into this vast library of lore through her connection
with her Mystere, in order to gain access — temporarily — to
the information which the Mysteres guard.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Connaissance
(difficulty 8). The number of successes may be used in two
different ways. The primary option for this art is to distribute
the successes as points among any Talents, Skills or
Knowledges the wraith possesses for the duration of the scene.
The only limitation on this is that the rating of a modified
Ability cannot exceed tive. All of the successes must be as-
signed immediately upon making the roll, and extra levels
cannot be switched from Ability to Ability.

Conversely, the Loa may use Reler Mystere to attempt to
find the answer to a single, deeply troubling question. The
player may trade in all of the successes scored to ask the Sto-
ryteller one question. The Storyteller must answer truthfully
and in as much detail as the number of successes suggests.

Reler Mystere may only be used once per scene. This art
costs two Willpower to use, and earns its user a point of Angst

for each success scored.

woMarrer Baka

A Serviteur may use this art to restrain an angry spirit
through a battle of wills. If the targer loses the contest, it
hecomes incapable of taking any action or detending itself for

a number of rounds equal to the Serviteur's current Willpower.

Once defeated, the subject of this art mindlessly follows
WwW herey eritis led, so long as the Serv itcur remains near. Should
a Spectre tamed with Marrer Baka be abandoned by the one
who tamed him, he gradually comes out of the Arcanos-in-
duced fog and return to his old self. Such Spectres are hell-
bent on vengeance thereafter.

Marrer Baka is commonly used in order to capture Baka
for raw materials.

System: To use this art, the wraith rolls Strength +
Connaissance vs. the target's Being in a resisted roll. If the
Serviteur rolls more successes than the target's Strength rat-
ing, the victim 1s suddenly paralyzed (though aware of its sur-
roundings). The restrained doomshade loses all of its actions
but May try fo esc ape once per turn. Any attempt to escape Is
made by spending a point of Angst and rerolling as above.

At Storyteller discretion, Marrer Baka can also be used
to subdue Shadow-ridden wraiths.

This art costs 2 Willpower and 2 Pathos to use, and gives
the user 2 points of Angst.


The Shattered Promise

by james A. Moore
The Pathway to Swar

| here are no guarantees, not in life and not
| in death. Despite this simple idiom, people
d} still hold to the promises of the afterlife
| offered by the faith they follow. Some may
actually achieve that promised, so-distant
goal, but for many the truth is far darker.
In the Deadlands of India, myth and

Oblivion have been wound into an insoluble knot, with all
the Ww raiths of that land bound up In it,

The lies begin with Swar itself, The ultimate plane of Heaven
SaV ed for the se who lived their lives pre »perly, war beckons to
all who die in these lands. It is a place where a soul can rest and
enjoy the pleasures of existence while waiting for the great wheel
to turn again and deposit him back in the world of the living. In
one form or another, by one name or another, itis the goal of the
Hindu Dead. It is the City of Delights, and immediate entrance
to its wonders has been promised to all those who have lived
virtuous lives. This promise, alas, is nor kept.

Instead of sweeping into Swar, newly fledged wraiths must
wait in Bhuvar, This is the first disappointment of the lokas,
but it is a relatively minor one. Wraiths of India are either

more patient or faralistic than their Stygian counterparts, and

as such can afford to wait out this first delay. Having waited a
lifetime for Swar, they reason, they can wait a little while
longer. And so they stand in Bhuyar, using their time there to
acclimate to the afterlife and compare it to the myths.

This long wait, however, is not the delay at the gates of
Swar. Rather, it is the wait for judgment from Yama, who must
judge all before they are sent to their next destinations. Piled
upon this deception is another lie, for Yama does not make the
final decision as to a soul's final destination. Instead, wraiths are

evaluated by other wraiths, judges who have allegedly been ap-
pointed by Yama and who speak with his divine authority. Such
judges claim thar Yama is among them, but again all is story, all is
conjecture. Only one thing is sure: The legend has been betrayed,

and worse betrayals are soon to come.

ey, SEE
‘ ei aN 5

The Gateway to Swar

Swar should be a paradise; it has long heen promised to
be such. From a distance, it does appear that the promise has
been kept. Those wraiths waiting patiently for entrance to
the City of Delights can hear the sounds of beautiful music
and smell the sweet perfume of ripened fruit drifting over the
walls to tantalize them, Laughter and the sound of water
splashing in fountains can be heard, reaffirming that Swar is
indeed Paradise. For the promise of such joy, the dead of In-
dia are willing to endure the long slow wait in Bhuvar and
the prospect of an unfavorable judgment. However, their pa-
tience is not infinite.

Long before anyone can reach the massive stone wall
surrounding the city, the next lic is revealed. Here, in the
shadow of the city, all who hav ie passed the first round of judg-
ment must now wait fora second. Here the lines dre even
longer and the judges fewer, The patrolling Rhakshaza are more
numerous than before, but they are no friendlier, All that is
offered instead of Paradise is another delay, another excuse.
This second wait can take decades, and it is during this time
thar the patience of many finally wears thin.

Thar is where the Shadow finally makes its presence
known. The followers of the Hindu faith are taught patience
by a lifetime of inconvenience. There are few who can afford
to live in luxury, and most have endured poverty as a part of
everyday life. They have grown accustomed to waiting, in part
because of the expectation of postmortem rewards for virtue.
When the expectation of bliss is frustrated again and again,
though, even the deepest piety can hegin to sour.

The Shadow knows this, and fully comprehends the rage
and frustration felt by wraiths offered frustration and delay
when they should have received Heaven. Even the most tol-
erant soul begins to feel the bitterness, begins to resent that
some are allowed easy access (for there are always those who
are escorted into Swar with much pomp when first they ar-
rive in the afterworld) while others must wait. Rage, resent-
ment, suppressed anger and even self-loathing are not uncom-
mon responses to the interminable wait outside the gates of
Swar. No self-respecting Shadow allows such juicy dark emo-
tion to slip away; it is during the delay beneath Swar's walls
that many Hindu wraiths take their first steps toward Oblivion.

Fi Ds the ] lindu wraiths who end up in Swar's suburbs, the
very idea of surrendering to Oblivion is repugnant. A lifetime
spent waiting to reach the City of Delights, followed by an
endless waiting period, are enough suffering for anyone. None
wish to risk Oblivion and a possible descent into a lower in-
carnation by demonstrating a less than perfeet faith so close
to Swar itself. That, at least, is the conscious decision that
these wraiths make. Subconsciously, the hammer blows of
disappointment from delay after delay provide openings for
Shadowy intervention. Would not rebirth be more interesting
than another decade of waiting? they whisper. If you were truly

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms B


worthy, wouldn

Why delay th

The Muslim Contingency

If Swar and Bhuvar are a disappointinent to the wraiths

who followed the Hindu faith, in the eyes of the Muslims of

the subcontinent, things are substantially worse. These wraiths

too have devoted themselves to their faith, hur their faith

holds no place fora city of judges and Soma. For them, Bhuvar

is a Whole is little more than Hell

Many of the Muslim wraiths feel thar being thrust into
Bhuvar is the spiritual equivalent of a slap in the face. Fur
no Muslims have
liscard Islamic wraiths to

There,

xamine their mistakes before being reincarnated. As

thermore, ever been allowed into Swar. The

judges always one of the talas, the

lower worlds the judges instrucr them, they are to
these
"mistakes" generally can be boiled down to the fact that the
hanished wraiths did not follow the faith of the judges, this
cavalier treatment breeds no little resentment

Wraiths

banished there they must fight constantly Spectral incursions

In addition, the talas are hardly hospitable places

onstantly or suffer the consequences. Most of the Muslim

wraiths refer to the areas where battle is done as the Forge,
for their experience there tempers and hones them like steel

Wraiths who manage to outlast their first few combars arc

Shadow Players Guide

}

often very powertul in. comparison to most Lemures; the talas

have no room for weakness. Most quickly join with the Nagas
r the Asuras, prepared to do all they can to destroy the infi
lels in charge of Swar. Many of the Nagas are convinced that
they have been held back from their rightful place in Heaven

foolishly mistaken for Swar by the Hindu — by the wraiths

who rule over the City of Delights. On the orher hand, those
Muslims who join with the Asuras believe that Swar must he
destroyed, erased from even the memories of those who dwell
there before any ean yo to their final resting places

For the Asuras of Muslim faith, the simple belief that
Swar stands between them and their final reward is enough
to convince them that Swar must be destroyed. For the Mus

lim Nagas,

Heaven

Swar is often seen as the only true gateway to
That portal is currently held by infidels, and that
cannot be tolerated. In either case, the current regime of Swat
is intolerable

Larely the attacks from the Nagas have grown more fre
quent in number, and the He Who Serves Indra has begun 1
grow worried thar someday soon the denizens of the Lower
Worlds might actually have a chance to usurp power in the
City of Delights. For that reason, the great gates have been a

Mote wraiths

Swar than have ever entered before

little more accessible of late ire Moving int

Most are never heard from again


missing here in the Underworld. Infidels have the upper hand
in the lands of the Dead, and they flaunt their power with
vicious ease. Being judged bya Hindu to be unworthy is more
armost Oftetwenploy the Thoris than just an insult, it is an abnevation of one's faith and it is
Shady Call, Fre Slip'ahd Desil'sDarex Shadow Call ig often enough to drive many Muslim wraiths to extreme ac
employed to,add a sénse offurgenay te the Wraith's désire to f tions. When this emotional fever pitch has been reached, a
es er ee ecetceenmnt Shadow necd only agree with the Psyche and offer its aid
Spebrres her on Shadowihas summoned, The Shadow. uti/ The rest comes easily
lieSEreudian Slip to ensure that aywraitliimakes a poor ifn The Shadows of the Muslim Dead tend to be patient. They
Poneto seceremeaes § offer their help often and freely, all the while gaining power and
Notoriously short-rempered)\ Yama s\servants donde' take their Psyches' trust. Few among the Muslim haye been able to
kindly +6 the sor of insolence‘thata Shadow ean produce in resist the offers of assistance from their Shadowy counterparts,
evena single sentence: Devil's Dare is often practiced toiforce not when the need is so pressing. Many of the Islamic wraiths in
A wraith attempr tovmlakeit\into Swar Wwichout.waiting for India's Shadowlands survive only a short while before they find
judgment; usually such éffortson the Shadow'spartare primed themselves meeting with Oblivion, driven there by their own
by maonthiior even years of whispersas to how the Rhakshaz ictions in the name of all that is holy
can't keep th®wraith away from théréward he's eatned. "Fhe : ;
guards of course see itdifferentlyMaind.are quite happy tasend The Sikh Dilemma
anijintrading wraith to the teward they feelisappropsiate.
Sikh belief is founded on a confluence of Muslim faith
ind Hindu philosophy. Guru Nanak, the founder of the faith,

Almost evéry attempt to take Swat from outsidescan be
attributed-to the Shadows of#raiths beyond the gatéswerk=

ing.irtandem-arid utilizing combinations oftheseT horns, uight.to forge the best iileals of both into‘one unified hel

Asuras Shadow Stratesies

The Islamic Asuras have far fewer of the Oblivion-tainted Many of the Muslim Nagas make bargains with their
among them. They have a goal thar is achievable with effort, Shadows, agreeing toa Pact of Doom withour hesitationina
Ro eo CM MKOE cain the necessary strength to storm the gates of Heaven. A
destroyed at any cost, even if it means the ruination of their fair number alsoleome to rely om their Shadows forlextra
own souls. The infidels who claim thar Swar is Heaven must strength, ignoring the r of thé Shadowplay and consid-
fall, for only then will Allah be satisfied and Heaven achieved @ting the bargaingmadeé with theif Shadows to be little more

There are rumors thar the Asuras have heen working to thaifwa marriages @ficonvenience;tp be Sundered when Swar
vether to develop a new Arcanoi, one thar will allow them to is overthtown.el he number of ifcipiént Bhuta among the
unde the work of the Tvastriyas and bring the demented illu- Nagas who have made th argains is staggering (though
sions of the Holy Regent and his mad demon-god Indra to.an newhereihear the nommbers clainied inthe propaganda that

end. While the evidence that such an Arcanos exists is lim flows forehifromlSwar's gates).

ited, it exists just the same. Numerous witnesses have claimed The Shadow of an Islamié wraith! banished to the
to see the mightiest among the Asuras "uncreate" Artifacts talas most frequently plays on if§ Psyehe's justifiable rage
In each case the wraith reformed by this tremendous power and frustration at this unjust bamishiment,/It stokes these

disappeared immediately thereafter, presumably moving on emotions t6 jrrational levels and reftises|to let'its Psyche
to his next incarnation immediately dwell on anything el enforced absession can have

severely detrimental effects, andmote than anythitygelse,
Shadows is responsible for the constantiwaves of ill-prepatedyas-

saults on Swar itself. Without inces§aniiSRadow.dirging,
many of the wraiths heading offto leadithe changéswWould
be more content to watch, wait andplan:

The Shadows of Muslim wraiths in India are far more
direct than those of their Hindu compatriots. Where Hindu

Shadows must practice subtlety with the skill of a neurosur- feeds ies hat irdhic (MAlipedtP ata
ndeed, it is somewhat irahic ectre attacks,

of all things, are aboutithe only thitig i the Forge that
provides sure from the constant Shadow yenagging:
With a concrete opponent in front' Gf him, a.Wraith can
take out the frustrations that his Shadow has carefully
tended on another rather than himself

geon, Muslim Shadows find it much easier to simply promore
the underlying resentment that their counterparts have al-
ready begun to suffer.

Adding fuel to the fire burning within the heart of a
Muslim wraith can be easy fora Shadow. Everything a devout

Muslim expected to find on the other side of death's door is

that incorporated a belief in god, rejection of idol worship

and a rejection of the traditional caste system. He felr thar

only through the unification all of mankind could there be
any hope of achieving spiritual perfection.

The hest laid plans often fall to the wayside, and death tends

to slow the progress of a dream into realiry. Since the founding of
the faith during the 15th century A.D., the Sikhs have faced
numerous trials in the Skinlands. Their tribulations in the

Shadowlands have been no less numerous and no easier.

As the Sikh faith differs from both of its progenitors in fun-

damental ways, Sikh wraiths have no desire to enter into Swar.

They also have no wish to be judged by the ruling parties nn
Bhuvar. When the first of the Sikh to enter the Indian realm of

the dead, Nanak Salmatt, was judged and found unworthy, he,

like countless non-Hindus before him, was thrown into the talas.
His arrival in Vitala was unremarkable. What he chose to do

afterwards, however, was indeed noteworthy. Where many be-
fore him had lamented the harsh fare meted out by the judges,

Salmatt chose to accept his new circumstances as simply another

test from God. Unlike those who had gone before and sought

escape, he chose to remain, and to make the best of what God
had given him. Salmatt came to know the lay of the land. He

learned its pitfalls and dangers, as well as the best places to pro-

tect himself from the ravages of Maelstroms.

He learned to know the tala he now calls Gurdwara, the
Holy Place.

As other Sikh were judged and cast down into the ralas,
Salmatt sought them out, finding routes that connected the
numerous talas and building a network of outposts to protect
the spirits of his coreligionists. In time, he managed to gather
huge numbers of the Sikh dead together and built a commu-
nity of the dead.

Salmatt was hardly the best wraith for the job, or at least
that was how he felt about the matter. Others disagreed, and
in time he came to rule over a constantly growing nation of
Sikhs. Despite his own protests, Salmatt was better prepared
than most for ruling the dead. Seeing his own flaws clearly,
he chose to delegate authority to the grateful souls who joined
in his community.

He chose well. The centuries since the founding of
Gurdwara have been less troubling than many might expect.
The founding of the Khalsa, a powerful military force within
Gurdwara, helped make certain that no one who did not be-
long within the underworld city ever managed to enter and
remain safe. The wraiths of Gurdwara share a unified vision,
and have worked hard to make certain that their ideals are
met and their practices kept.

The laws of Gurdwara are identical to the laws practiced
by the Sikh peoples in life. There is only one addition: Re-
solve your Fetters as quickly as you can. In this way you honor
god and prove yourself worthy, As a result, the turnover in
Gurdwara's population is substantial.

76 Shadow Players Guide

age = =

~

WoO -~

re

There are necessities, even for Sikh wraiths who don't
intend to stay long within the Deadlands. Souls needed for
the creation of Artifacts are harvested from the nonbelievers.
It is usually very easy ro rell the differences hetween Sikh and
non-Sikh, as the followers of the Sikh faith all adhere to cer-
tain codes of dress. The properly attired Sikh must never cut
his hair but should always wear a turban. As self-perception is
a vital part of any wraith's appearance, all Sikh wraiths coa-
lesce in the Underworld garhed properly, and can thus be iden-
tified for what they are.

Just the same, there are judges in Gurdwara as well. These
judges ask a series of question to each newcomer, All of the
questions revolve around the Sikh faith, and if the petitioner
is judged knowledgeable enough, he is allowed into Gurdwara.

In all of India's Shadowlands, there is no other area as
stable and well controlled as Gurdwara. Here the Sikhs have
what they have often struggled for in the Skinlands. They
hay ea homeland.

Shadows

The Shadows of Gurdwara are almost unique. They have
very little open communication with their Psyche. Indeed,
most tend to remain silent, allowing the Psyche to believe
that he is untainted by a darker side. to make up for this re-
straint, Sikh Shadows do tend to use the Thorn: Shadow Life
with ereat enthusiasm. Many ot the Shadows In Gurdwara
merely wait until their other selves have gone into Shimber
and then undo all that the Psyche accomplished during the
previous day. Despite the best efforts of Sikh wraiths to build
an indestructible haven nh Gurdwara, very little ever really
gets accomplished in the vast city. The brick that is laid dur
ing the day is cast down by night; the tower that is built by
the Psyche is laid low by the Shadow. The frustration felt by
these wraiths is slow in building but powerful, and once anger
has been kindled here it is never put our.

However, by far the worst problem the Shadows promote
in Gurdwara Is the great influx ot Spectres Into the area.
Employing the Thorn: Shadow Call, they summon veritable
armies of Spectres, using both Spectre Prestige and Dark Al-
lics to persuade the agents of Oblivion to wait patiently until
enough of the Shadow-eaten have gathered to wage full-scale
assaults on Gurdwara. The Khalsa are kept battle ready, but
their job of protecting the Sikh refuge is made more difficult
by their Shadows, who are normally the ones best prepared to
call in the forces of Oblivion.

Within the City of Delights

Swar is indeed a City of Delights for those who please
the Heavenly Regent. The ripened fruit, the sweet, reviraliz-
ing waters of the rivers and the glorious music constantly per

formed are enough to make the wraiths believe they are truly


/

Lae

blessed and that all the waiting and suffering was worth the

time invested before the city walls. The Soma is as delicious
as it is intoxicating, and none who dwell within the city has a
right to complain. None of the favored, at least

The great park of Indra lies at the very center of Swar,
and when viewing the heavens from the park, all is beautiful
The stars burn brightly here, and what few clouds are seen are
little more than delicate laces of white against the sky. The
magnificent castle of He Who Serves Indra is nestled in the
center of the gently sloping hills of the park. Even those wait
ing for an audience with the Heavenly Regent wait in com
fort, surrounded by beauty. As nowhere else in all of Bhuvar,
the park of Indra knows serenity. Many of the city's wraiths

spend their time in the park, supping on spiced fruit and sip

ping the rich Soma. Beautiful birds in an array of colors sing
amidst the trees, and Gandarvas play their music while the
Apsaras dance and sing. Truly this is a paradise worth waiting
for and worth keeping at any price.

For the others who come to Swar, though, the City of
Delights is a charnel house of pain. Those who offend He
Who Serves Indra soon learn thar they should have been
happy with what they were offered, They should not have
questioned the cooling waters of the rivers that flow from
beneath the ground and return there before reaching the edge

of Swar's walls. They should have accepted the Soma as

and not wondered aloud how it could be so potent

Perhaps then they would not join the river or be con
sumed by others in a goblet of Soma. Perhaps then they would
not be added to the wall of Swar or forged into powerful weap
ons with which to fend off the Nagas,

None learn the truth of Swar until it is too late. There is
no river, and the Soma is little more than a distillation of
another's soul, warped and twisted beyond repair. The beauti
ful music that fills the air hides the whispered screams of the
tortured dead, The incense of fruit that wafts through the ait

masks the stench of the butcher's block and the Soul-Forge

Swar isa lie, and one of the best-hidden secrets in all the
Underworlds. Those who know the seeret normally keep their
silence for, again, the Shadows of Swar's wraiths are subtle
and vicious. Silence is the price for staying in Swar. Even the
worst of the talas is considered preferable to the final fate of
those who complain. The City of Delights is only allowed to
those who do not reveal her scerets. The Shadows of Swat
keep the secret as well, for in Swar they have found the ulti
mate source of power. Here, they consume the souls of others
and in the process grow stronger.

The caretully crafted lies of Swar hide more than one secret
They hide the power of the Shadows in Swar as well. The hatred
ind fury of the reforged souls in Swar is locked within the great
city, drawing like to like, The magnificent City of Delights is a
magnet of Oblivion, a storage cell for Angst and suffering. For
each wraith who inhabits Swar, a dozen more have been Sun

dered, adding to the power that the city holds. However, in the

Chapter Three: The Other Dark kingdoms 77

midst of plenty for the ghosts of the Hindu dead is abundance of

dark emotion for their Shadows as well.

He Who Serves Indra has long since fallen to the power
of his own Shadow, but none around him have noticed the
change. In truth, the Regent's wishes matter little these days,
as he is only a puppet, made to dance by the power of Swar
itself. Swar has attained consciousness, and is a very greedy
master. Indeed, the City of Delights causes many of the at
tacks that come from beyond the walls so that its hunger might
be assuaged. Swar has grown so much in power that ir might
truly be called a Malfean, though it is perhaps the only Malfean
that need never move to gain its nourishment.

The wraiths who dwell in Swar are happy. They converse,
they dance, they sing, and they feast. The glories of the prom-
ised afterlife are theirs, for as long as their Shadows feel like
tolerating them. However, every Shadow tires of the game
eventually and chooses to end it. When the time comes to
destroy a wraith, that soul's Shadow need only communicate
. All that is Savta
in the Wraith is destroyed, while the Shadow and its Tamas

with Swar and the arrangements are mad

are added to Swar. When necessary, the City of Delights can
even animate that aspect of itself to mimic the wraith who

once was. In this way ,the charade lasts even longer.

For countless centuries, Swar has grown. In feeding on

the fevered hopes and dreams of the wraiths who strt

escape the hellish Bhuvar, Swar grows ever stronger. Those
who sup on the treats of Swar are in turn the treats of the city.
Darkness hides best ina place where light dwells, and the

light is pure and sweet in Swar.

The Bowels of Swar

The very land where Swar rests ts gone, devoured by Swar
as it grew into a mockery of sentience. Beneath the palaces
and gilded buildings of Swar is the heart of the Malfean, mani-
tested as the chambers in which the Tvastriyas labor end-
lessly. In the bowels of Swar the Corpus of wraiths is churned
and fragmented, destroyed and regurgitated into beautiful flow-
ering bushes and fruiting trees. The waters of Swat's rivers are
filled with the essence of countless wraiths and allowed to
flow past beneath golden bridges and opulent homes. The
Shadowy essence is removed from the flowing mass, drained
into the buildings of Swar and forged into simulacrums of the
wraiths it once was part of. An army the likes of which has
never heen scen waits within the very walls of Swar, prepared
to defend against any attack that threatens the city itself

Nort all of the denizens of Swar have been destroyed. In
truth, over half are still wraiths. Swar is patient. Swar need
not glur itself, when the flow of nourishment is always close

at hand. In this, Swar differs from most Malfeans. Swar hides


Its atrocities behind a veneer ol beauty, fee its sti mito ios
hungry jaws much as a Venus flytrap waits for its prey.

The wraiths of Bhuvar are always glad to take the bait
They fight each other and any enemy inorder for a chance to
enter Swar, conveniently forgetting along the way thar Swat
is merely supposed to be a place of waiting until rebirth into
the lands of the living. In this way Swar serves Oblivion, and
the Shadows of those who dwell in Bhuvar in turn serve Swar

here is a place of erernal beauty in Bhuyar, a City of
Delights where every dream is supposed to come true. Be-
neath the stunning landscape of Swar a cancer grows, un
checked and unharmed. The malignancy spreads slowly, but

it spreads just the same

Explaining Disappearances

On the rare occasions when a wraith of note disappears from
Swar, the curious all receive the same answer to any queries they
might make. They are told that the time had come for the missing
wraith either to return to the world of the living or to Transcend.
From time to time a list of those who have moved on to their next
incarnation is placed on the closed doors of Swar, where anyone
cansee them. This official explanation satisfies most questioners

Perhaps most of Bhuvar's denizens would find the tales told
by the Asuras more believable than the postings by the guards of
Swar if not for the passionate hope that they can one day enter
the City of Delights. The Shadows of the Hindu wraiths waiting
outside promote this belief, adding to the tensions of existence
beyond the walls of Swar by pointing out that few have ever
needed to wait for entrance as long as they have

If the Psyche seems the least bit amenable to this sort of
persuasion, a Shadow immediately harps on the wraith to de-
stroy his Fetters. Those who are less attached to the real world
ie considered to be more worthy of admission to Swar, at
The ben

efits of getting a wraith to attack his Fetters voluntarily are

least according to a sufficiently cunning Shadow

incalculable, at least from the Shadow's perspective

Transcendence in Swar

The choices are simple for a wraith dwelling in Bhuvar.
She can wait until the time comes for her to be reborn, or she
can expedite the process by diving into the waters of the Sea
of Shiva, hoping that her next life will nor be too painful
Most prefer to wait, secking reincarnation ina higher form or
perhaps even Transcendence. After all, they now know what
wwaits them atter death, and they have no desire to experi
ence the interminable wait tor judgment again.

Unfortunately, there is no simple path to Transcendence
in Bhuvar. The decisions to be made on thar path are many,
ind all require an element of faith. As faith can come in short

supply during the endless wait, few indeed are the wraiths of

Bhuvar who Transeend. However, all of those who have been
known to Transcend before the city's walls have turned their
hacks on any hope of entering Swar. Only when this ambi
tion for transient luxury has been resolved can the true search

for spiritual enlightenment begin.

© long claimed that Swar feeds on
the souls of those whG@edwell Withinnits gates.
absolutely no evideriee @xtant tor these claims, but the
voices of the Asuras Willinombe stifled. Indeed, they are
getting louder, and

There is

ever Withimmathe walls some are be-

ginning to question,

However, there's another feason for the Holy R
gent to be conéérmed/ with theAsaras, Phe alleged abil-
ity to force Transeéndene@upon those forged into Arti-
facts that these wraiths Supposedly possess is not some
thing that the rulenofSwar can afer' to take lightly. Of
ided that: the Asuras ar@too dangerous by
far, and has ondered that each Gaptuted Asura be Sun

dered before bet#"broughtiintosthe' City of Delights.

late he has de

judement

The judges of the dead have been in Bhuvar so long that
they no longer remember who were when the walked the lands
of the living. They simply answer to the title judge or, in some
cases Vharuna, and continue to administer their sacred du
ties. l nsurprisinely, the judges maintain that one of their ranks
isactually Yama himself, though if this is the case, he has not
revealed himself yet

Most judges take their duties very seriously, bursome can
be bribed

that a new

The usual favor a judge grants involves arranging
arrival be sent somewhere that his loved ones al
ready dwell — or to a place where his enemies don't

i ach judge Is protected by two guards armed with Arti
fact bows and quivers of arrows. Each also carries a long Arti
fact dagger These guards ure referred to as Rhakshaza, a name

anted for the tiger's head masks they wear. Physically im

posing, the judges' guards rarely speak. They seldom make

any response at all, save to attack any who would dare con

front

Vharuna Statistics

The following staristics are fora Vharuna, or judge

a judge

These
average judge, but there really is no
* Vharuna.

with his own strengths and weaknesses. Furthermore,

are representative for an

such thing as an "average Each is an individual,
many

are far more powerful than they let on.

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 19


Nature: Bureaucrat

Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits >

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 5, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Expression 4, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 5, Leadership 5, Meditation 4, Me-
lee 3, Pertormance |

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Enigmas 5, Investigation 4, Law 3,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 4, Oceult 4, Politics 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Artifact 3 (Ornamental
Garh, Mask, Throne. See Below), Status 5

Passions: 10 points, often related to justice or pride
Arcanoi: Castigate 3, Faralism 5, Lifeweb 4, Mnemosynis 4,
Moliate 3, Usury 3

Permanent Corpus: 10

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Perfectionist

Angst: 5

Thorns: Shadow Lite, Shadowplay

Dark Passions: Destroy all that the judge has so carefully
orchestrated (Hate) 3, Deliberately send souls to incorrect
destinations (Sadism) 5

Equipment: The Mask of a judge allows him to see the Lifeweb
of cach wraith who stands before him in perfect detail. The

ever apologize for any of your actions. You are here to do as
Yama commands you, and that duty takes precedence over
all.

Never forget that the promise of Swar is yours as well, if you
serve Yama dutifully and pay heed to his mandates.

Rhakshaca

Nor to he confused with the legendary tiger-spirits, the
Rhakshaza of the Underworld have been given their name
because of the fierc e-looking tiger masks they Wear to con
ceal their features. Bound into service for ererniry or unril
they are granted entrance to Swar, the Rhakshaza never re-
move their masks. To do so would be equivalent to refusing
the office the mask symbolizes, and would mean stepping out-
side the ranks of the Rhakshaza.

Loyal to a faule, a Rhakshaza gladly taces Oblivion tor his
judge, because each tiger warrior knows that his only hope of
ever earning a place in Swar is by following the commands of
his master explicitly. Each Rhakshaza is hand-picked trom the
petitioners before a judge, with the criteria for selection he-
ing his potential for loyalty and his ability to cause grievous
harm to any who cross him. These are not merely soldiers,
they are the elite of the judges. There are a full complement
of 10 Rhakshaza for each judge. At any given time six are
working around the clock to see that the judge is protected ar
all times. The remaining four serve as messengers and Reap-
ers, as well as running any other errands the judge might have
for them.

Nature: Follower

) Garb worn by a judge affords him five extra levels of Corpus

a ||

i a Jaf) above and beyond what he already possesses, and also grants Demeanor: Bravo

Phys

+3 Stamina for the purpose of soaking damage. The Throne amina 4

: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, $

of each judge protects him from the ravages of a Maclstrom's
fury whenever a storm comes through the area.

Image: The judges all wear masks bearing the face of a water
buffalo and are appointed in finery the likes of which tew
people hav eeverseen. Adorned with gold and precious gems,
Vharunas wear robes that cover them completely. No one has
even caught a glimpse of a Vharwna's actual Corpus; when-
ever they wo forth they are robed and masked into anonynutly.
Impassive and impressive, cach appears to be roughly eight
feet in height when seated upon his throne. There is no way
to measure a judge's ac rual stature, as no wraith (sav e perhaps
the Vharunas' servants) has ever seen a judge anywhere bur
on the seat of judgment.

Roleplaying Hints: You are right, and on that there can be
no argument. No matter what the merits of the case might
he, your dec Islon is final. Listen IMpPassly ely to whatey CT pleas
a wraith might make to you, but tap your fingers impariently
if a wraith begins to get redundant. At the first sign of argu-
ment Or complaint, send your Rhakshaza to remove the fool
and send him someplace where he'll have a good long time to

contemplate his foolishness. Under no circumstances do you

80 Shadow Players Guide

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 4, Dod:
4, Empathy 3, Expression 5, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 3

xe 3

Skills: Firearms (bow) 5, Leadership 2, Meditation 3, Melee
5, Performance 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law
4, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2

Passions: 7 points, usually involved with duty, service, honor
and gaining entrance to Swar

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts 2 (Bow with Relic Arrows,
Dagger +2 damage)

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Lifeweb 4, Moliate 3, Outrage 2
Permanent Corpus: 10
Willpower: 6

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 4


Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Shadowed Face

Dark Passions: Usurp the power of the judges (Greed) 2,
Create chaos in Bhuvar (Hatred) 3, Make certain thar the
Rhakshaza loses in any fight (Self-hatred) 1.

Equipment: Each Rhakshaza carries a longbow, quiver of ar
rows and dagger in addition to his full helm tiger's head mask
Image: The Rhakshaza are powerfully built men, often
Moliated to look even more impressive than they would oth-
erwise. They are silent and brooding, and carry themselves in
a way which demonstrates that they are quite capable of han
dling themselves in a conflict. On the rare oceasions when a
Rhakshaz

not unlike that

1 does speak, his voice is a deep, dangerous growl
of a tiger

Roleplaying Hints: If somebody wants directions, point in
the direction she should go. If someone wishes to converse
with you, ignore him until he becomes annoying, then dem-
onstrate your displeasure on his Corpus. Swat is yours if you
perform your duties well, and you have no intention of failing
ind letting paradise slip away. Ourside the walls, you are bet-
ter respected than most, but it is not enough, The music from
Swar and the scent of Soma wafting over the walls is enough
tom ike you eager for the d iby when you are finally allowed to
enter the City of Delights itself

Most Rhakshaza do not

lelegated to other lokas

gain entrance into Swar. They are

Those who are granted admission

into Swar rejoice and celebrare, right up unril the time when

they discover the true nature of the City of Delights

Lexicon

Apsaras: The female class of courtesans in the City of De

lights. They are particularly esteemed for their dancing skills
Asuras: Name given to wraiths who oppose the entorced ser-
vitude of Swar

Bhur: The loka of the living

Bhuta: Indian spirits roughly equivalent to Doppelgangers

Bhuvar: The loka of wraiths (the Shadowlands)

Gandharvas: The male courtesan class of the City of Delights
renowned for their musical ability

Gunas: The attributes of the "soul."

Gurdwara: The loka of the Sikh dead

Khalsa: The warrior caste of the Sikh Restless

Loka: One of rhe seven upper worlds in Indian cosmology

Nagas: Name given to wraiths who wish to enjoy the fruits of
Swar without serving the Holy Regent
Pisacha: Evil, malformed wraiths; Shades

Rajas: The Guna pertaining to active attributes, correspond-
ing to the Passions and Pathos
Rhakshaza: Guards of the Vharunas, adorned with tiger's

head masks

718)

A |
\


Satva: The Guna of refinement. It corresponds to the Psyche
and Eidolon

Sea of Shiva: The Indian term for the Tempest

Soma: An intoxicating beverage much sought alter by wraiths
of Swar

Sthula Sarira: The physical body of the living.

Sukshma Sarira: The Corpus of a wraith

Swar: The loka of the Host of Swar (similar to Stygia)

Tala: Traditionally, one of the seven lower worlds. The malas

are the lesser realms surrounding Swat

Tamas: The Guna of coarseness, corresponding to the Shadow
ind Anyst

Tvashtriyas: An artisan class of wraiths, responsible for main-
taining the City of Delights

Vharuna: The judges of the dead, who claim to be servants
of Yama

Yama: The god of death who is believed to judge all souls

The judges claim to be servants of Yama

Outlines on a Cave Wall:
The Shadows 0
the Kingdom of Clay

by Ben Chessell

) raiths in rhe Kingdom of Clay lead a

| mournful existence in which guilt, more
4 than any other Passion, defines their days
bj) The Restless are made to feel guilt acutely
ite)
hj\ guilt for deeds committed in breathing
P 4) days as wellas the guilt of their ancestors.
The job of assigning, amplitying and en
couraging guilt falls to each wraith's Shadow. Lt is an assign

ment that each Shadow relishes

Location

Karta, the Tempest realm of Australia's wraiths, isa deso-
late place of rock, heat and elay. It rests within the eternal
storm, far removed from the Shadowlands, There are no
Necropoli there, nor are there cities of any kind. There is

only the hope of the endless Dreamtime

82 Shadow Players Guide

tA

The aboriginal Restless of Australia remove themselves
from the Shadowlands and do not mingle with the souls of
newcomers to the continent. In the Australian Shadowlands,
one finds only immigrants and descendants of immigrants,
for whom the Dreamtime of the aboriginal wraiths is mean

ingless and unreachable.

~The Hierarchy

Theoretically, the Hierarchy controls the Australian
Deadlands, but its influence is concentrated in very few
cities. Officially, the Hierarchy's position on Karta is thar
there's no access and no reason to-go there, Unofficially,
high=ranking-Hierarchy sources confirm that there have
been negotiations-with-certain-aboriginal wraiths — or
their Shadows — to provide the legions with access to
the Karta. What f&8 Kartan wraiths would get out of this
desecration is unknown.

Hierarchy wraithS\iAltistraliaitend to be regarded

with suspicion bysthe home oiiee m/Stygia. The unique

ctions Aasthalian wraiths havewith their Shadows

(not to mentigfithe lingering effects orrhe Well of Guilt)

leaves Australian Restless acting-a bt dd, in the eyes
of their Stygiéim Goumterparts.

While thereate some few aboriginabWraiths temain-

ihg in the AusftralignesHaddwlands, they are feweaand far

sen. The, Vastemmajoriry of abériginal Restless have

to the-Karta-GEnof thes reamtime), and dwell

Only a femewander the Shatlowlands|on a regular

{ Onsontheirown-whichethey are\not'willing

totelate to othe seQehersitake-v isitssput very few, actu,
ally stay in the: Shadowlands:

inte!

The landscape of the Australian Shadowlands superti
cially resembles Karta in many respects, but it has been
changed and shaped by the wraiths who live there: In an at-
tempt to shut our the harshness of Karta, the Europeans who
died early in the history of Australia and came to the
Shadowlands tried to build their own world in the afterlife,
attempting to colonize the Shadowlands way they had Aus
tralia. Their attempts were only partially successful and today's
Shadowlands are a mixture of times, styles and environments
This failure on the part of the newcomers to create the envi
ronment they desired is due it most part to the influence ot
their Shadows.

Although the nonaboriginal Quick of Australia have, tor
the most part, forgotten about the former inhabitants of their
land, it is different for the Restless. Memory is more impor
tant among the dead, and the past is viewed through a differ
ent filter. Australia's Restless live an unlite of penance tor
their own deeds as We ll Ws those ot the Ir ancestors They can

not ignore the 50,000- year history of the aboriginal peopk


of Australia. Things in the Shadowlands change painfull tilrand shame are owed by the people of Australia, and it is
have beer ve made only the slightest im bear that burden |
sion the | Thi tional d int I
Besides, even if the landscape let the interlopers forget pest surrounding the Australian Shadowlands. A black, seeth
their Shadows do not ir vhirling ma it shudders endlessly in the stort
hy Cae Shadowguided wraiths flock here to regain
The individual Soul reba eoncs am TAS
N I | I | harrying of hi maith rey Tecineas BULLE mh Gaus) ; Ps
Psych t hadlow sees itself as part of a group yonsibility for deeds nor her own, the pir shrinks. Thi
it vis shared task is nothin ilmost imperceptible bur real. Centuries of work remain, but ther
i t vuilt which reve


vestiges of civilization which have
manifested there. Some know of
this great work instinctively,
others have learnt much from
conversing with their
Shadows, but none com-

pletely understand. Noteven

the Shadows themselves know
what will happen when the store
of guilt and shame is used up, and
the final debt is paid in full. Some
believe that when such an event fi-
nally oceurs, aboriginal wraiths will
reconcile with the spirits of those
who came after, and the path to
Karta (and the Dreamtime be-
yond) will become a road open to
all wraiths in Australia. Others,

more pessimistic, believe that if

i the debt is used up, the unique
nature of Australia's
We "7 Shadowlands will be lost, and

these Shadowlands will become
exactly like those in other lands
controlled by Stygia. In this sce-
nario, access to Karta is lost for:

} ever when reckoning comes.
Still others believe that the
store of guilt and shame is in-
exhaustible and that the day
when the bill is paid will

never, ever come.

Still the Shadows of the
Dark Kingdom of Clay, whatever
they believe individually (and

~ this belief can never be too fat
removed from the beliefs of the
Psyche), persevere with their tasks. As
a result, the existence

of the wraiths of Aus-

tralia is made more

miserable hy their ef-

forts. It should be under

stood that any cooperation or

communication between Shad-

OWs Is ON an essen-

tially unconscious

level, and not pur-

sued in an indi-
vidualistic or

free way. The

Shadow re-

mains very


The, Great Pit

No one,is\exaotly suré, where in the Tempest the
thfobbihg.réminder of Australia's guilt'arid Shain
writhessWhatds known is that no wraith'¢anséver find
it, and that m6 Shadowsuided Wraith, has-ever-hacany
difficulty lozating'it, [tis'merély.aanacter of attitudes '6r,
so it?would seems However, the fact" that-only
Shadowgtiided wraithscdn find :thisdééation in. the Tem*
pest makes Argos a darizefous Arcanos to possess inthe
Dark Kingdom of.Glay.

Any. Shadowguided wraith Coting near' this c6w-
ering'monument to shaine canrattempt.to feed'a Datk
Passion centered'on Guilt or SHame at difficulty 5:Thée
concentrated nature of the negative emotion makes it
Simplefor SRadows to,restore thetnsélyés here,

Pit; though
iting-wraiths.

Spectres als@ hover around theGré
hereof all places they. neVer disturb vi
They too batter on'the_ vast geyser. of.guilt and shame,
But do'so.with an odd respect and reverence. Perhaps
the se@ it as a Malféan; perbvaps'even' they understand
thetdepths of the'tragedy.

Should,@'wraith ‘seeks to touch the Pit, he will in-
stantly be pulled in and destroyed by the.negative ener-
gies there Some emotions are too intense to be dealt
with,jsave at a distance.

much part of each wraith, and it does not possess an indepen-
dent will as such. There is, however, an identifiable shared con-
sciousness between the Shadows of Australia's Restless, which
allows them) to have'a common intent: instilling of the great
debe of guilt boiling in the Tempest of Australia,

Some of Australia's wraiths reject this guilt, staunchly
refusing to accept any responsibility for the atrocities com-
mitted in the name of progress and civilization betore they
were even horn. They fight their Shadows every step of the
way, fighting the good fight and usually losing. Generally iris
the Shadow, with its extra wellspring of dark emotion to call
upon, who is victorious in these contests.

Generally more successful as a tactic (as far as the wraith is
concerned), is a wraith's acceptance and exploration of his own
guilt. In this way the wraith can come to understand and resolve
his guilt ona personal level, without attempting ro deal with the
tremendous burden of centuries gone by. Eventually, with this
understanding the wraith can perhaps purge a little of the great
unpaid debt from which the Shadows feed. Shadows can even
cooperate with wraiths such as these, forming a relationship

unique among the Restless. Although retaining many of the as

pects of a more traditional Psyche-Shadow struggle, this partner
ship can move a wraith toward Transcendence or, in rare cases,
the Dreamtime. More often, though it moves a wraith, willingly,

toward Oblivion.

The most common response of the wraiths of Australia
to the great burdens laid upon them by their Shadows is a
slow acceptance and disintegration under the burden
Australia's Shadows have proven very effective servants of
Oblivion, and although their priorities (from the Void's per
spective) are slightly skewed, their contribution in terms of
souls to the endless nothingness is impressive. Guilt is an ef
fective weapon, and the Dark Kingdom of Clay's Restless have
developed few effective strategies for dealing with it.

Shadows of Westerners here also have contact with the
aboriginal wraiths in the Kingdom of Clay, in the same way
thar other Shadows maintain contact with Spectres. These
mysterious wraiths who keep the deeper Kingdom for them-
selves understand and perhaps even control the vortex of guilt
and shame, and cooperate with Shadows in administering it
Although they are not Spectres in any way and do not serve
Oblivion, such wraiths do communicate with Shadows of Eu
ropeans and assist them in their task of instilling guilt. Some-
times, albeit rarely, these wraiths travel to the Shadowlands,
hound on inexplicable errands

Although they cooperate and communicate with Shad-
ows, aboriginal wraiths do not assist any Shadow whose Psyche
is close to Oblivion. Rather, the wraiths of the true Kingdom
of Clay favor the so-called "acceptance path," in which a
wraith comes to know guilt and accept a fair portion of ir, but
is not crushed under its terrifying weight. Reparation is ap
parently what these ghosts seek, not vengeance

Of course, the aboriginal wraiths of the Dark Kingdom
of Clay, enigmatic and potent as they are, must have their
own Shadows with their own dangers. Such considerations

are beyond the scope of this treatise.

ned Kl

Ned Kell, celebtatedweaner of an iron maskin death
as well as in life, continued his sttuggle beyond the grave:
His last words on the gallows, reported to be "Such is
life," typified his approach to the afterlife. Although he

Was never actually quored as saying "Such is death,""he is
widely believed.to have achieved some form of Transcen-
denee, be it Dreamtinie.or otherwise. Kelly was carefree
and stoically denied responsibility foranything. However,
through a mixture of Eidolon, chutzpah and his Artifact
mask, he overcame his Shadow.

Shadows of Others

The above information pertains mainly to the wraiths of

Australian Europeans and other descendants of the original
invaders of the country. More recent arrivals, most notably
the increasing Asian population, tend to produce wraiths who

fall outside of the paradigm of guilt and responsibility set up

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 85


hy the early colonialists and the reflection of their actions in
the Shadowlands. These wraiths have their own rules and their
own Shadows, and often can best be understood in the con-
text of their native lands. The other major group of wraiths
that dwells in the Australian afterlife consists of the island's
original inhabitants: the aboriginal wraiths of Karta.

What is Not known

Of the Shadows of the native wraiths of Karta, very little is
known (and even less has heen written down) by the scholars of
the Restless. It is said that the relationship between these wraiths
and their Shadows is unique, qualitatively different from that of
other wraiths. There are tales that the Shadow of one of these
wraiths does nor accompany the wraith, bur rather manifests ex-
ternally. Such a Shadow putatively diells ina place apart, per-
haps a cave or lake, and a wraith goes there to consult with his
Shadow so that it serves as. a mentor or adviser. The walls of these
Shadoweaves are said to be painted over with dense murals and
images — solid forms representing wraiths and the Quick. The
Shadows are depicted by painted outlines, blown speckles around
hands and other shapes in vivid white and yellow. The symbolism
is obvious, bur the relationship is unclear, Perhaps these Shadows
and wraiths are truly COW yperany e; and both strive for pes vals or her
than Transcendence or Oblivion. The Shadows of the Australian
Shadowlands know little more than their Psyches do. Only those
with the Thorn Contact with the Ancients know more, but when
pressed these Shadows talk of an oath and will say no more.

Playing a Shadow
of the Australian Deadlands

Although the Shadows of Australia use all of the normal
techniques, Thorns and strategies to assault a wraith's Psyche,
there is a particular and important focus on the emorion of
guilt and its role in the wraith's eventual downfall. The pro-
cess of succumbing to Oblivion in the Kingdom of Clay is
one where the Shadow crushes hope and grinds down self re-
spect. Australia's wraiths must he hombarded with guilt, mn
image, association, memory and ongoing existence so thar
their every thought is mired ina bog of unhealthy association
and unreasonable levels of assumed responsibility.

It is not important whether or not the wraith is herself re-
sponsible fora certain reprehensible act. Instead, it is viral that
she be made to feel, understand and undertake the guilt associ-
ated with thar particular act and its consequences. The wraith of
a college student cut down crossing the street might not be per-

sonally responsible for atrocities committed against the abor
nal population, but his Shadow will gleefully <

monstrare how

he benefited from the se deeds and how he must how pay.
Shadows in the Kingdom of Clay should endeavor to use

their Thorns and other abilities to lead wraiths to places and

86 Shadow Players Guide

meetings where they can he inundated with guilt, and to show
them examples of wrongs unavenged, deaths unmourned and
reparations unmade. It is the greatest vietory of all for a
Shadow if his Psyche discovers part of the grear well of unfelt
guilt and realizes, on his own behalf, the injustice of the situ

ation. Inevitably, the newly guilt-stricken wraith feels much

ht have

worse about himself and his environment than he m
otherwise, producing a veritable wellspring of Angst. This act
of detrimenral self-r

alization cannot always he relicd pon,
however, and thus local Shadows have developed a few fa
vored techniques, used in conjunetion with their unique
Thorns, which assist 1 their chosen task.

A Shadowguide fora wraith in Australia's Shadowlands
should play his part in conjunction with all of the normal
guidelines and principles set out in' Wraith: The Oblivion
Second Edition. There should be, however, a focus on guilt
and shame in his actions, and on making the Psye he feel those
emotions. If the wraith has any Passions directly connected
to shame or guilt, the Shadowguide should harp on these,
tempting the wraith to follow up on them but twisting any
noble ambitions towards its own ends. When subjected to this
treatment Australian wraiths should also get the impression
that they are being made to suffer out of proportion for this
particular Passion and that they are being unfairly victim
ized. This opens the door for the Shadow to unleash the col-
lective weight of two centuries of unfair victimizations, crush
ing the wraith beneath guile and the realization ot his pa-
thetic self-pity.

On rare occasions, revelations ot guilt actually spark a
wraith to real action. These wraiths actually work to repair
the damage that has heen done and to assuage the vast col-
lective well of ill feeling. Such is the risk a Shadow runs in
attempting to instill guilt in its Ps
still run in the Shadows' favor.

Creating Australia s Shadows

When creating a Shadow for a wraith inhabiting the

yehe — but the numbers

Australian Shadowlands, one uses the normal wraith Arche-
types. All of these personalities are represented in these
Deadlands, and Australian Shadows have the normal poten-
tial and capacities of Shadows elsewhere. The Dark Passions
of an Australian Shadow also encompass a vast range of emo-
tions, but the vast majority of these wraiths have at least one
Dark Passion centered on Guilt. Not every Shadow has this
Dark Passion, but those who do not are nor part of the group
consciousness of Australia's Shadows, and do nor rend to he
as successful in leading their Psyches toward Oblivion

There are some unique Thorns ayailable to the Shadows
of the Dark Kingdom of Clay, and almost all possess the Thorn:
Shadow Bond, which allows the group consciousness and co
operation to exist, even ona generally subconscious and sub-
liminal level.


pin mind that these
t thar their essential nature has be

4 circumstance

The personal

s still driven by the Psyche's
ind if that Psyche has no empathy with guilt
rhaps the Shadow lacks this quality a
i rendency, albeit
concern themselve
Whether this tendency isa result
Australian Restless or created the
ear is that Shadows who

guilt and attempt to connect their Psyches

ules and Regulations

New Thorns

Shadow Bond: 3 points — This Thorn allows the Shad
ind even communicate in
All che Shadows

rudimentary way involved in the bond must

ssess this Thorn, making them part of the Bond (similar in

{KAMRAN

MN

ad in

many ways to the Spectral hive-mind). With rhe Bx

ind forth (no more than a word at a time) soundlessly. They

can share emotions and vague impressions, but nothing more

Shadow Bond also allows Shadows to exchange temp
rary Angst should two wraiths with Bonded Shadows touch
If this happens, the Shadows can combine and then divvy up
their temporary Angst however they like. A Shadow on the

erge of Catharsis can "borrow" some Angst from a friend
However, hearin mind that Shadows are quite jealous of their

Ang

t, and don't hand it out easily

Contact with the Ancients: 1 point/level The Shadow
is able to communicate with the wraiths of Karta proper. Treat
this Thorn as if the Shadow possesses the Contacts Back

round, with the Contacts applicable only to the aboriginal
wraiths of the Dark Kingdom of Clay

Shadow Compact: 2 points This Thorn actually al

lows the Shadow and the Psyche to work together fora short
time, at the cost of one point of Willpower for the wraith and
one temporary Angst for the Shadow. Through the use of the

low's choos

Thorn the Psyche can address matters of the
ing (these are always things specifically advantageous to the
Shadow, and they generally concern Guilt) with the Shadow's
issistance and guidance. It is through the use of this Thorn
that the "cooperative path" in the Australian Shadowlands

has been established

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 37


(ii panquit ‘spuepMopeys aya o2 uo passed DARY SOFUO]OD [BU
"od ay UL pAdMoOfus SUV Surydiostp UOd YOIQAN YE sappeys ay
JO SIOS MO} BURY OY "Soluo}Od ULITRASMYy oya UL sdonIpUuoD
JBUISAQE Ul FIOM OF opeul pues Ula gy WO paw dX9 DIM AURA
"speUTutS PUB SISTAUOD JO T]HY St RIyeAsNYy jo MOISTY UL

(DefuY om [aAaq) SOP EUS JOIAUO) -

el Burdaay jo saduanbasuos oy) ounpua
oOo. ued yseu my Jo pu O65 OF JOISBa ay ACW YI [ivan ‘Ssousno
-110S DUISLOIDUL JO SUIPIOIE YIBUNMOJUN JO SALos BJO WIA
OYA Jpastury pey 11a qaaoq BLOYR UIAD seu aq sdaay oy
YAM YW "MOOS YSeUT OY) AsO] OF PatUOOp st YAreM oy ey)
SuBot Yarog Bang ‘sI9Yo peIDAds OU sey sUnyrey y "MOpLYs ap
Woy issu Areaodwioy yo aujod eB saxowar [JO4 sty Uo ssadons
ype ‘ood porepnuinsoe s area aya saraduia por yor pue (6
MNOUAIP) povepnunsoe Wood SARY aap AUBUT SE (ay opeur SI
[Jos YL Assuyy smMopeys ays aonpar oF Idtwaye ue Uy payyos
Aq GED YSeI aya JO 9sn pareaday tO paures aarp OL
"MOPeYS oYs Aue OF qd Joqe] Yul oasn 4Oy aip duo sues
{aleim ayy puke UOHse OUT SHUTS 49mod AIBPUODAS SIL "19d
"Jeoroyl peuuop SE yseus ay au} you7"d "MOPReYS 494 uo DIY
Advan] es eB sey uy "(ado do Aep B) out jo spond papuraxo
JOJ YSEUL OUI SHRM YITCIM BJT AOMALA OYA UL HUIBUO] JO ssou
along BUNBMD INOYUA qikop JO SSOULIBOIP oy JOVINIUNOD OF
SAAIAS ATTPIQE SIY T "ssapasayy oy jo TYBISy wa oy BUNUDATIND
ND ‘dap Aypeod Aaya Se spurpUrys aya das 07 Jd2vOM JY SMOTE
Si deyd si yseur sATPN jo soHtypiqe yuRWOduIT aya jo 9uQc)
"AOYM sMouy 9uo OU ang ‘sparyaMopeys oy ul AMAYMAWIOS
SISAL MON "UY YEW aduapuadsuBIy 02 UO ssed Jou pip Ing
"MOPRYS sty A ey opaey sty ul AVON podjay yseu oy ‘UOISIA
doy Ajo sajOy qT ‘soqeyd uoll pPowoalt ul peoy ANU S1vOM
SUL SINAOD 4 "asya suryidAur uel JOWTOY VB JO MOU ST sv siqd
"Ssapisay oy suowe siw9d sty sunnp AIPM PON JO YAEAM Oqd
\q pue SAEP Huryawo. sty ul PX PON MWEPANO Aq ULOAY

(HDe|LMY aye ano jana) Ajay pay yo yseq{ ay
say

"ysea do asod.ind Aue soy tuoya
wody djoy urergo 62 NOYFIp aL spuy puv sosysade pur smopeys
1 Hy seep ay SI PEYS

Se1e.usny BuO IsPoINO UE SESTYTSE Yons MOpPBYs v ArOULOYA
AN "MOMOS JO JUOJ aeud arn paaeroosse SONMIA dO sudoy |
onbiun oy JO Aue yO osn. oyeu jouurs SMOPLYS Hoy Mop say
pue ‘xaos dying eanayn: ) WET Sty ay OJ} UONS9UUOS OU
SALLY SUMAN asoy *a]quidaosns Ayavpnonued OAR SPURIOTUUUUT
UvISY PUB YOOIF) "URT[EIT JO S|NOS oY FAVE] T STYI JO SLUTISTA aWIOD
"ay OP SYM SLOW pur OW ‘SONUNUOS Et]uusiy OF UO
"RIBTUUT S\Y At9Y2 Wog JOU Seay Ing EIPRIsMy UF pop OYyar
YATEAM B JO MOPRYS oy AQ Passasse vd oy ApUO uvo Mey SIU

(Uap ywiod ¢) yoous anny

Ss

‘spuepmopeys
ay) Ul OYIO oY PUL FQwY UT st duo VAY UA Joyo ayI
62 SJUPA PUL spaau DISeq sso4dv JAB UKD YL IwYD OS ‘Oma 9YT
Uday Sulpuevsssopun NUP St Mout ASAMOLAC) "solboyeas
MLUIPAOOD PUB ApoaTp ayeoruNUtUOD Wks ATE pue MOpPRYsS
ay (SiuoIsuy oy (ai JoeIUO?)) WuoY | dIeUdosdde ou YAY,
"eos jeuosiad 8 aypAsy svopeyg Ussoyp ays yo auaurystund
aya opeu sey [hos SIG "VME ul SUITPIMp ued MW [euBLioge
qepnonued e YI UOH9UUOD FB sey MOpRYS s,yarern ay

(wel| juiod ¢) Ary mopeys awiuneaig
SME} pue SLO]

YING punose pasos uoisseg 41vq
JUIOd-dAT MAUL SUITES MOPLYS ayy Udy' ‘pourRaqo ore UOISseg
ye Sunsixo Apeoaye Aue yo Jara] saysty ays Burpaa oxo sassy
-ons Jo daquinu B yy "(damodyiAy Saasuer ay si Aynoyyip ‘*Q]
$1 food d21p) [Jor e sayeuw opindmoprys ayp ‘os op oy "Woy L,
ays uo way pudds pearsuy urd MOpeYysS aya ‘asduy usu

-vuiad yo yurod suo o1ut siujod asayy BuNwaAuOd yo peasuy
‘stutod qssuy Agegoduiay 9] aaey ashi Mopeys ya tusoy y siya
ash oT "(Mopeys BO] "surt [kad aya se poos sv asnt st YORE]
-PPSLY Js ssapralog) Ayyeyasnl spay ayoAsg ays yoryas apne)
aq 1OU poou dt YsNoY ye ypiney punowe pasndoy aq sNU UOIssEg
OY "UOIssey eG Mau PB 9IkdI9 OF pash aq ULD WI puE Jur
-od Aouioyxe st wioyy sly, — stuted ¢ :yIns yysey
"SUOISSE,]
AEC Uaro s:MOpLYs ayy JO IU JO SoyASy ay Jo UoIssey APN
8 OF poqeped UoHse Ue UO duads ag asnt assuYy yo yor yoinb
SHUI MOULOYUN "PUTS TUALIND aya UT JUads aq asnuA-Yyoryav
dutod ashy Aresoduiaa & squess ssooons Aiaagq ‘9 Jo Aynoy
ip B AsUeSe oI duo [Jor UeD dYs ‘Sassassod MOpEYs 94s IeyI
UIOY_T MYA YO [Ad] Youd dO sadwiay ata Ut saptsos YOu AUNT
JPJUN JO YUIS ysea aYA ssadde OF sMOpeYsS s.eIpeasny Aq pasn
SE WOY TL sity | — Jaaay/syatod ¢ sasodmay ayy suiddey,
Qdayo OU sey Woy, ayy way MopeYs au Aq
paulerqo sassadons jo Jaquunu aya sieoq oYs jy "(9 QPNOYIp) Sunes
SuoIsseg OYA sjjor sosuyd oy ‘aseo siya uy ‘auBYS UO pasoatiaa
\PUITE UB ILOIUNOD OF IANS PyNOAr apLd UO paseg UOIsseg &°9"l
‘BUISH SL MOPEYS oy] WY Surpaay ays Oy UOTIsoddo yoa.yp Ul UIs
"Sty B Sassassod ays J] WoY | sitp) Isisad ApUO URS aYDASy AU
onayede PUL ssopsi] ‘pes
satuoraq ays pur *y Aq pasvasour aie YaTeIM ayy Joy SON |NIYSIp
lv 3

SUMOIP YWEIN ott ‘spaadons ays 4] Assur Adesodtual yo ru10d

a1 puL ssoupes "MOMIOS JO SHUI]OAY ul oun) WOYs B AOF

ev spuoads pue g jo \phouyip B ISUIRBE UOISSET YALC] OYA sppOd
UOYT aplMSMOpeYS oY ‘SUoISSeT Ae, UMO SMOPLYS aya jo
AB MOIRD oy ysnosma oy AS ays OAUT I spouUUbYyS pur yin yo
PROP YE]Y SIUA sassod3e MOpEYS oy] "asoI JO oUTeYS YpING
YUM poqeldosse UOIsse YAU] AUG ISkd] IE ssass¢ yd asnw MOpRYsS

ayi UIOUL Sit osm OY — sjutod Z :mogsog jo aay,
i 108: SF MA

the hate and resentment that they inspired in life. However, some
of these chains have become something more.

These special Shackles facilitate and signify a particular
agreement between a wraith and her Shadow. If both parties
agree to an arrangement (the terms of which are left to be
settled between Psyche and Shadow), the wraith must wear
the Shackles, which displays to wraith and Spectre alike that
a covenant between light and dark has been undertaken. This
agreement is both serious and binding, and wraiths who wear
the Shackles are given respect by both wraiths and Spectres.

As stated previously, the exact terms of the bargain struck
between Psyche and Shadow are negoriared anew by each
wraith. usually the arrangement involves a sort of quid pro
quo, with the Psyche agreeing to advance the Shadow's agenda
in exchange fora promise of noninterference. Should the com-
pact be broken, the consequences are immediate and swift. If
the Psyche doesn't live up to its end of the bargain, the Shadow
gains two points of Permanent Angst. Should the Shadow
break its end of the bargain, it loses the same amount

These shackles do nor inhibit a wraith''s movement in
any way. They are simply symbolic of the bondage a wraith

has inflicted upon himself.

Sharks in the Wine-Dark

Seas: Polynesia
by Cynthia Summers
Shadows ofthe Polynesian Dealands

—S—

s each wraith appears on the islands of the
Sea That Knows No Sun, she receives sev
eral greetings. Some come from her wait-
ing ancestors, some come from friends who
have passed on earlier, and others come
S) from new friends and peers. Only one will
come from her new Shadow.

Here, Shadows are divided along cultural lines, based on
what cultural constructs a new wraith believed n during life.
Those who followed more Western traditions and beliets de-
velop Shadows that any Stygian wraith would recognize. Those
who followed and kept more traditional Polynesian beliefs
had altogether different Shadows, ones that followed their
own rules and acted according to their own tastes. These old

Shadows are referred to as the Ainu.

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms


=

a

When the first wraiths arrived in the Polynesian
Deadlands, they ser abour creating a community and culture
to replace one which was mostly irrelevant to their new state
They soon discovered something new and unsettling added
to the mixture —a strange voice that whispered evil thoughts
in their ears and hearts, or that murmured their secret thoughts
aloud, The priests derermined that these voices corresponded

to the evil beast-spirits of legend called the Ainu, who tradi

tionally plagued the unfaithful and dispirited. This was not
too disturbing to the wraiths who dwelt in Ru's archipelago
\fter all, they were ina spirit-realm, so why shouldn't they
encounter spirits such as the Ainu as well?

On the other hand, there were also the Maku: vicious
and predarory souls in life who had been transformed into
more appropriate forms upon their deaths. These shark-spir-
its served as nothing so much as Shadows for their entire cul-
ture, and were believed to be the worst the Deadlands had to
offer,

Then came Westernization. Missionaries, airstrips, cities
and theatres of war were a sudden onslaught the Polynesians
were unprepared for. They greeted interlopers with hospital
ity, only to he repaid with diseases, terror and the crosion of
their culture.

Those who had died after converting to Christianity or

embracing Western ideals discovered thar after death, their

heads were filled with strange, evil thoughts. Each wraith

found that these thoughts were whispered by a voice that
only he could hear. The elders told the new wraiths about
Ainu, and attempted to instruct the younger generations in
how to ignore or rid themselves of the rorment. Instead, the
evil thoughts grew stronger and more insistent, and the Shad-
owy voices mocked the traditional rituals (which were often
ineffectual), The elders saw how these Ainu could possess their
hosts, compelling them to commit crimes and other terrible
acts with the hosts none the wiser to what they had done.
Worst of all, these newer Ainu (which some called Shadows)
had a terrible affinity to the Maku, who followed them and

treated them with the strange courtesy of equals,

Shadow Types

Shadows in the Polynésiai Dewllandsfall Apto three
basic Categories. There ar€ the traditional Shadows called
Ainu, which concern themselves mainly with tabi, Dhere
are Ainu which have becOine SOtmewhian Westemnized, and
whréligtend to be somewhitt/more catholic ingtheir ap-
proaches tojbtaining(OBlivion, an@ thef@ ate actual
ed altiast e>
clusively¢by yGunger wraiths, whilésstandard Ainu usu-
ally, Belong to older souls.

Western-swyléShadows The fastare poss

Shadow Players Guide

At first, the best solution seemed to be exile. Elder wraiths
sent younger ones on to other islands, as they had sent others
on before, where their Shadows would pose no threat to the
halance of the older islands. But as Western influence grew
more pervasive, the new Shadows appeared more and more
frequently in the younger generations, Finally, in an efforn ro
preserve the elder islands the priests declared that those with
the new Ainu were tabu , and ordered all of the younger wraiths
into exile

The strange plague has not abated, and the elder wraiths
The

Westerners have brought something perhaps even more dev

are discovering to their dismay thar ir may never end

astating to the islands than a new religion, rigid morality or

even disease. They have brought a gift of true inner darkness

Jradltional Belief

Traditionally , when a Polynesian died, if he were among
those who were the most gentle and peaceful in spirit, he be:
came part of the natural spirit-life of the Deadlands. Asa re
ward for living a balanced life, he received a restful next ex
istence as a plant, animal or even a shell or rock. On the
other hand, those with unsettled affairs or other troubles be
came wraiths. These new wraiths discovered that unsettling

thoughts and imaginings of evil began to bother them far more

in death than they had in life. However, this nagging was

accounted for in their cosmology, and they referred to it as

merely another form of the Ainu's torments.

For the most part, these early Shadows held to their ac-
customed roles. As Ainu, they whispered the usual bad
thoughts and temptations familiar to any other Shadow. They

encouraged tabu-breaking and sug

sted creative punishments
for those who followed their blandishments. On their part,
wraiths cultivated their resolve to keep the Ainu at bay, for
to have a powerful Ainu suggested that the soul in question
was weak -willed. These early Ainu also did not have the con
nection to the Maku that would be found in later Shadows
With the arrival of Western sailors and missionaries, the
Deadlands likewise received a few visitors from Stygia. The first
encounter with Western Shadows for the priests and kahunas of
the Sea That Knows No Sun, was something entirely new and
puzzling, and the Western Shadow's tricks were unlike any at
tempted by traditional Ainu., When colonizing Westerners died
and came into the Shadowlands, they brought their strong Shad
ows with them Fearing that these wraiths with their foreign Ainu
would disrupt the existir

g balance in the Underworld, the resi
dent wraiths gave them to the sea. But then their own people,
who had begun to convert to Christianity and Western ways,
began to appear with similar dark sides. Exile proved only a tem-
porary solution, as more and more wraiths arrived with Shadows
that would be easily recognizable to any Stygian Pardoner.

In modern times, most Polynesian wraiths arriving in the
Deadlands hold to more Western ideas of death and what comes


after. They also
cross the Shroud i
with Western-style Shad- **
ows, the exquisitely personal demon

thar scoffs at older beliefs and its more tra-

ditional counterpart. Those few wraiths ar-

riving who managed to hold on toa traditional

lifestyle have more traditional dark sides which

manifest as old-sty le Ainu, but these Mw vals are grow-

ing more and more infrequent as the years pass.

Even Aint...

Even Ainu are capable of doing some good. In days
gone by, an Ainu might drive a wraith to pierce the
Shroud and appear to the living if a serious tabu had been
broken when she had died, or if she had not been properly
buried. Once the outstanding offense had been remedied, the
Ainu would be stilled, at least temporarily. Some elders be-
lieved that Ainu were only active when tabus were broken.
These wraiths crossed the Shroud to materialize or speak with
their descendants in dreams, encouraging them to keep the
tubus and thus keep the Ainu quiet. As one of the Ainu's
original purposes had been to keep tabu by punishing tabu-
breakers, the Ainu had nothing to punish (and thus no rea-
son to harm their hosts) when tabu was maintained.

The New Shadows

Some elders mark the beginning of the invasion of Western

Shadows as coinciding with the missionaries' effort to stop the
practice of tabu. Staunch, sober Protestants deliberately broke

tabus to de-
nounce
the prac
tice as su
perstitious
nonsense, and en-
courayed native is-
landers to do the
same. As this tidal

L wave of change hit

the Shadowlands
and then the is-
lands, the effect
Was dey astating.
The Ainu seemed
to go mad all at once as the ta-
bus of the living were suddenly gone. The
priests were hard-pressed to keep others' Ainu
quiet, in those rare moments when they them-
selves weren't being ridden and harassed.
As native Polynesians converted to Christianity
and Western ideals, they lost much of their connection to the
older beliefs. When these assimilated souls died, they found that
the lessons of the priests and ¢lders thar they'd dismissed in life
didn't mesh with their own beliefs of the afterlife, either. Older
W raiths, on the other hand, Were appalled by the abandon shown
hy their recent descendants. Shadows and Ainn, circling each other
warily while trying to establish their respective roles in this new
society, didn't help matters either, The discrepancy hetween Ainu
and the new Shadows made for the broadest gulf between the old
and new gr aups.

Western Shadows became most firmly entrenched in the
Deadlands during World War IL with the ereation of cargo cults
These small groups became most prevalent during and after World
War ll, when supplies would seemingly be dropped from the heay
ens by airlif. A number of natives, anxious to acquire the white
man's wealth, built shrines ar airstrips and harbors, where they
prayed and sacrificed to gain what the white man had. 7 hey were
rewarded after death with exactly that: Western-style Shadows

These Westernized Shadows show a remarkable array of
tricks and powers that most Stygian Shadows would know and
approve of, including a healthy disrespect for traditional ways
They also have a much stronger connection to the Maku than
most Polynesian W raiths find comfortable, and this burgeon
ing alliance has made the position of the new generations of

wraiths even more tenuous.

Tabu

Like their Stygian counterparts, Polynesian wraiths (and
Ainu) sought to recreate something of the life they knew in
the Skinlands. In creating the laws and customs which would

bring order to the darkness, the kahunas made use of the fa-


miliar practice of tabu. For the Ainu, the use of tabu served as
the proverbial red flay. Once the tabu system was in place,
they never ceased trying to find Ways [To avoid, get around, or
It those choices were not options, to, break tabu.

The practice of tabu dates back from time immemorial
among the Polynesians. The word translates imperfectly into
English as, "sacred" and/or "forbidden." It refers to the idea
thar someone or something has been designated as a sacred

thing, which is to be revered. Yet its very sacredness makes it

forbidden to the rest of the populace. To come in contact
with it risks danger ro the people or the object or both, and
therefore objects of tabu are best kept separated

Among the Polynesians, those with close supernatural
connections would be deemed tabu, Island chiefs, for example,
often were declared tabu. A chief's connections with the spirit
wor ld sometimes made contact W ith ordinary people danger-
ous for both him and them (for them, because of the
otherworldly contact such a meeting would entail; for him,
the proximity of the earthly might be dangerous). Such a chiet
would have a "talking chief" to conduct the daily affairs of
the village among his people while he dealt with more spiri-
tual matters. Certain sites deemed holy by the priests would
also he declared tabu, lest the common people pollute the site
with their presence and render it unfit for spirits or other su-
pernatural presences.

Tabu was sometimes used asa means enforcing certain mor-
als or cultural values. Resources on many islands were scarce,
and by declaring an area such as a torest to be tabu at certain
times of the year, careful husbandry of the land ensured that there
wi suld be enough tor all and more the fe slow ing year. Sexual ta-
bus, such as the one prohibiting c lose relatives from matty Ing,
ensured the health and well-being of the tribe. Tabu might also
be used ro den te thar which was fe rbidden, like warming a child,
"Don't touch" when curious fingers wandered near the hot pot
on the fire.

Tabu-breaking was always.a serious matter, and some ret-
ribut ton would alw ays fc th yw such an act. Si ymetimes that ret-
riburion might come iha spiritual form; SpIrits (including the
traditional Ainu) were said to punish a tabu-breaker with bad
luck or illness. If the offender performed an act of contrition
to placate the spirits, the torment would cease. If a tabu had
been broken, but no punishment immediately manifested It-
self, the community as a whole might pressure the wrongdoer
to make up for her act, fearing Consequcne es for everyone in
the village in retaliation for one individual's transgression. A
tabu-breaker who was recalcitrant and refused to show any
remorse for his deed might even be killed in order to appease
any offended spirit and protect the violator's neighbors.

When the Christian missionaries arrived, they viewed
tabu as a superstitious relic and a sign of the natives' "hea-
then" ways. They deliberately broke tabus to prove that there
would be no punishment, inuine or otherwise for such ace

tions. They were, however, wrong,

With the system of rules that sustained balance in the is-

lands being assaulted by the interlopers, the effect on the fragile
ecology of the islands and the people's psyche was devastating.
Resources that had been managed properly under tabu were
squandered, customs that had limited warfare's devastation were
ignored and with every sensible tabu that was broken, a disaster
followed. Some wraiths have speculated that the new Shadows
were a punishment bestowed by the wods mn retaliation tor the
indiscriminate breaking tabus during the missionaries' time. In
light of the difficult times facing the Polynesian Deadlands, it is
sometimes hard to argue other WIse.

Jabuin the Sunless Sea

Excepting those outposts of Stygia and the Jade Empire,
tabu forms the basis for all laws and rules governing the
Polynesian Deadlands today. As it did in the Skinlands, tabu
holds society together and maintains the health of the com-
munity, albeit with certain concessions to a new
(atter)lifestyle. Tabus concerning marriage and animal hus-
bandry have given way to those concerning management of
resources and social relations. Most new wraiths soon adapt,
finding it nor at all strange that tabu has followed them into
this new existence. Tabu is nothing less than order, pure and
simple, defining the society that spawned it. It also defines
the who, what and how of the Ainu.

Ainu view tabu as the wall blocking the road, the wet

blanket that spoils their fun. In many ways, they are correct.

The Ainu represents the more selfish, less noble-minded side
of a wraith, the part which resents having a leash put on its

activities in the name of altruism. It wants, needs and then

takes without a thought for the consequences. Tabu is the law
that insists on keeping society healthy, and if that means that
some desires must go unfulfilled, then so be it. Tabu is order,
and the Ainu is chaos. Opposition is inevitable

For the Ainu, then, the reasoning 1s simple — tabu Is
getting the way, it's ruining my fun, so therefore I'll knock it
down, The Ainu wants what the Ainu wants, and cannot
understand anything that stands in the way of its desires. It
recognizes the immediate consequences of breaking tabu —®
rush of Angst from the Psyche and a want fulfilled —

A'Note tosStonyellers

In creating your Own' fabu for the Polynesian

then

Deadlands, here are some questions to consider:

© How does the tabuthenefit the;community? (Does
it keep already-scarce-resources from»being further de-
pleted? Does ttvensure' the miefitalor spiritual health of
an island's inhabitants')

¢ What is\under tabywand why?
¢ What sott of ptipighment should follow if this tabu
is broken?

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kingdoms 93

a ee
<GNS

‘Asn ayo puv aiasoy ‘pasodtuay-uvaus aye Adya
"Woy puryay lids Ausue oy JI ]Jor Nuly SNSTRUUTUYy "pyheys
peta Jeo ese aaeyoy pue [nyoored OSIMO*F! ay qs quids uPtOnY
[ryaoead & tuo parvosd peutuL Apsoys yy "paoueyeg pure passayq
oy jo suis jeturue: uy il M pasnyuos oy you pyneys NUT ISB
Ssoy | oueYP pay UL ypRa pur sya MOAT UAT May B PUL ANY JO
SAP] > de yp \ap SOUL yu ui La) apuryp saaAa out 3. ACY Jo ‘SqP YS BEN
UL] Atoyd O80] AGU SSAPISOY AUWIOS: *‘uappHt MOPPUS AN *sichic ey
Syaies. MY UO anLoUuo UPD SAN yeaa ‘SISTEUIC: )sunnp pue
‘sauids queyd pue peuue ay O71 puasay Ul paquasap aoa nuny
‘poaad pue UoNOnarsap JO TRATUIeD SuMOpUTo-yjas Pe dn suns
you. azlas 6} NUPY Joyo Jamodtua ues quoy smads nury ue
suoloe 1U9]E NA pue SUOTIOUW OATEBOU oy L "ML II yor poudsur x]
urs Sdaypo "NUL JU oO Squnans qareany OUo ft ‘ISIOAY, "Yuen
© UL yi oy INO sHuLIY Aypesoyy] NUTYy Suowe sismeqeEry

ssreue)

Buldeas Myapa w pey SULLY passa
SULAeY 28a snyT pure OaeILOY [RUONIPLD Alay OF Wanda pyned
Ady. YSN OY system onayyd Aewu sMOpEYs apAas-tuaysayy "Joas
=P POO B AARY LOU SaOp ayadsy ayy Layo pur ‘sayoAsy atoyy Jo
yse nuny jeuOHIpR.A suoLsAnb ayy aiv asay_ yp fwayy deay myana
& DUIALY Sapisaq qwaIs Os sea JeyL op ajdoad asoyy pip wy A\
UTY J9AO UW PAOT asa guUOAIDAD PyHoYs AYA\ ‘MULY ap yo led
ayy UO JuAtEAUASAL spaary aYDAs | at) devas 1 Upip myana ve asned9q
Ayduts *Uaz1d sse]a-PUuodas P se paqvas Bulag — Myx,
(ujod atuos Ie purjyst aya Fut
Avo] dn pus pure) danbuoo pur yoy of oF uny Burmeanosus
‘uonique siapeay edn sey deco nupy ung ON smouy reY_p
Bag 2Y? Uo BuIpping-osidais pasvsnoasip sey wep puryst ue Fut
Vea] UOdn yas s,auo aL pins aya yo saaiod aya ayer oy Aut
[iqeur oa stay suny tuoay poddinas st omod aya Apuerunpoaur
UDAA ‘So. ALO] JoA0 oy i] ‘sana oy wy pueyst up UO st joryo se
Sug] os Ayuo sasey Jamod siya Yyarys ayHurs voy pawuess puryst
ue yo Jamod pesodtuay pur jeniusids oy — pinsunypy e
*SOAVA AYI UO SYSUL Yst
[OOP SULZeL WUT payoun st oy IY! Os doULIIOdUIT-|Jas sYAEAM
edn ynd or iduione to Mury,, OF soja oq OF WO UE UL ATSSO]
pu fgn? siya doye aseyo Cet NUT "YyOp-yteYs aya YAM Suda
unOSUD ]]e UL pey ag OF SdaBuep peor ADA dav SddY_L, ‘99UIST
x9. anos pua O12 Apvad d4,nod ssayun toy TunY duop pure ype
1H WAU) (AEM IOBIOIUL IUOp "aay OI Yper Iu] :ytoads pur
Heapd MOA oav sattds-yreys aya uo sng ay |, — nye e
"soe Jo oseys
SMO] YL Jo OYyeS OYA AOP TOA JO soypasy sroy? OI 1odsiy ar
OL DULY speay ospe Nqea sty_p sareys tyey sty Jo paaysrys Sura st
dy AY Pep od UTBAD sEAUTY SUTRA & Let dogen ou pur
*ANOAHAS OF ANYRA SI Soro ‘Os]9 TUIEPAINAY oy] ‘soyaeg "sry
sppoydn ngry ssavoays isurese dnoas ayy puajap 07 Apeos pure
1 aq AYA ay wey? os GApEay shows v or ssuopaq ayqepeae

JO MMeYS Jso1RIIS OYI IYI sow UOTIPLsy —soyIed e

"SUIED [JEWS Toya Oluo Suey
OF SUTQGRIDS PUL TUTIPAIOS SYR UappLi-nuny jo sorte
\][RAOU], UIA SHUTUOIYS Uy oq UPD stu SOUTeAY UP "SULT
-[OP OFUT payoroud aq Uv sdayO ‘sisdEYy ery ssa aUO WAY AY
nury Aq pase uayo oan Aya ‘nuny Aq payoaosd uayo wi0or
MOY]A JAsO stem are APUO OXY "adeds Buratp asour yaas pur
UF PAPos OALY SYA JoppO PUL "UMNO Joys yas OF spuLyst
pops davay O41 asnfou suot WANUS JOSUnOL "HUY AUBUE OF ye
pue Iwo st sUOeAApIsUOD aduds AdAO AeA ards «
sspueypeacy oya Woy owes saids [iva to pating Apid
-dequn ot Ajuo aeya spudsay ay oF ast aves sareye yo ayes
SIU "Ung assaadad aarp e Joy Apeas nuny Aqpeat oaam BULAT

YD OF ISoyLURL OYAV SISOYT ayy jo IsotU TEE FuruRowu ‘sissy

ee) Joy sopuNytoddo suri sk paasos osye pnoawys aya ssoror.
sd ‘APPTEUN OPUS } "Rap aya O] Asto Ape OU ole SUAUIN oul
PUR YaaaMoy ‘SaUO PAAo] SULM] pue spuryUrys otp jo asdunys
ISE] AUO JOP ATPIoYA AYSIU NUL aya gn? sty Yeasg op
"YOY BULULPEQUN SyShE aPFUMUIAIUT O2 Oa AYA JO} puke ‘spuey
VWJUNS Syd UE SULAT, ay ‘spuurpeag, at Ut Suopaq prop ayy
‘ava Aypeuondaoxo aay SuaplouT Yons ang "UOISTA BUT BULAT]
aya oy aeadde aysiu asad 40 tone "Supy ve ‘suoisea30 odes
UC "Way? Wood OF YsNoU pury uosiad aya yueYL oF pue
say peiouny Jadoid ysonbor 09 Ajyuo vaya pur Aqrunduy yaw
spuepunys oy ur avadde Sew paring Spadoidun usag avey
OYA asoys APU 1gM7 APOLAS SEAULAT] OYI OF Burm JO Ie
AYA "Pawsixo JOLIN OU JP UAAd ‘pap puke SULAT] aya UddAQ9q
din pnoayg Pst ototp apy Ay — sparpuryg aya Surist, e
}}PA\ sv dows Surpina oy yo wey siosdn yt ‘oour
-[hq Spuryst aepnonaed qeyy jasdn siya saop ApuO yoy ‘spuRyst Joyo
UO SPREE POODLE] JO UMOF OYD UP DUNO QUEL JO UoApP]YEy ay doy
adsousip areMUATN IYL YAY Iadsaa dadoud Moys ou Op Aparews
SIDE Yas MOULOYN ‘aaa ay pue dnoss aya yoy any Ayurey
199 PpNow ‘pas WPOVUP Uo suryoay UdAa JO Wat HULAD.LSAPY \Y
‘STonpoud pooar Futase Ay *(SolURAG YO Tubyeagg se yans) APUspOLs
poor ays ayer wysrun assur JO) igMy yeaag Oy RuLUeAL NUTY Uy
"SAPAsMMMU PL (UO ‘SiOYTO UH paysaroqul OUL age Laaamoy Nuny "satuun
[JB w UMoys aq sphos asaya Joy yadsar tadoad aeyp pure ‘sarddis
SaNANY ANSUA OF JAN PRA WO VayRA aq Pooa apy ev ApuO aeya Ap
"Ud OY] PaIsaarey dq Soar Hyp) Up SIsIsUE gy] "spuryst dasunos
aya ur stuns pur scutes paguinas se {yuo Moas MOU saad asoys
‘suuids passayy Aypeuondaaxa yo streutoad ay] "siead ay dan aavos
poompury «
SSODUBISLUNDAT peIads OF Op apI!uOAyo oy

AOU PUL AOU UMOT SLY POOAY SHOT dad sty]

JO dSANOD od SULINP pools oy APU sy "UNG ON SMO,
IY AY Bag att OF UOUNUOS NgYT AYA JO dULOS JIB MOLI
GD] MOU LOL UO HOd Apa SMUT UL SULOpIsuos Udy Ar
pura ut daay of gueqodut Aypeisadsa si sIqL "DULY Hoya my
AOU STULYD AYLUL OL HUL[OO] pul 'paysheussip ‘ssopsad *pasog
AL ADA *PLOISUT "PLAN 9789.19 O01 Joos 1, UOp pure "MOpeYs UPS
JUL JO 9sas [BUOHIPLAD oll Ul [IAD 1 UOe NUT 2dJOKT
"WI ARave: lon PUB UBM IP se Stop se mgel sulyevog

daay ub a ley ouns ApOY]Y ‘BULAeAD INAU SIL OF UO saAout

lM,
"7°

GY a> f
ee oy ry

Castigation

The Areanos Castigate is viewed with some unease by

their Ainu (Shadows) are relared to the Ainu-spirits, and that

traditional wraiths oldest among them still believe that

to do them any harm is to risk offending the gods. Those who

choose to submit to Castigate often make a sacrifice to the

caused

gods later, to make reparations tor any discomfort
Younger wraiths with less patience have fewer qualms about
trammeling their dark riders back into place, but they may
still offer a prayer that the gods not think less of them for
wanting a moment's peace

Castigation among traditional wraiths follows something
1 traditional Polynesian ritual among the living, Drumming,
make the host seem like an

chants and ordeals intended to

unpleasant place to be are all used. Some priests make use of

charms for households to keep out bad dreams or evil spirits
Many traditional wraiths believe in the efficacy of these, and
is the Ainu are likewise superstitious these talismans work

Vinu's

surprisingly well. Other priests use the

tabu beliets

ae
wea
oe

wainst it, browheating a weaker Ainu into keeping tabu, or

tricking a stronger one into "breaking" one for the Psyche's

benefit. Many a disgruntled Ainu has discovered that the tabu

it so gleefully broke was really meant to cage it again

The arrival of Westernization created problems for those
Castigators atrempring to deal with these newer, more diffi
cult Shadows, These Shadows scoff openly at the older ritu

nly affected by West
ern-style Castigare, which can be notoriously difficult ro find
on the islands. The only certain places t
in the Necropoli of places like Jakarta

the stomach for such a journey

Cannibalism

When the firse Western

of cannibalism among

ils. Furthermore, they are apparently «

find such skills are

ind few wraiths have

sailors and visitors to the South

Seas returned with tales the natives
the popular imagination was fired with excitement

nfortunately, this wave of inter

we
@,|

|

oms 95

Chapter Three: The Other Dark Kinge


lor of misinformation abour the practice and what it actually
meant to Polynesian peoples. Christian missionaries derided
the practice as "heathen" and "uncivilized," all the while un
aware of its true significanee. The dead know what the prac
tice is worth, however, and the practice has come to have
ereater significance among the Restless and the Ainu

Cannibalism took two forms among the Polynesian cul
tures, The first form was the eating of the beloved dead, as it
was considered a sign of respect and love from family and close
friends of the deceased to consume the body of a loved one
now gone. In eating the flesh of the dead person, the mourn
ers believed they would gain her strength, wisdom, courage
and other good qu ities. Cannibalism was also a matter of
practicality, since many islands were short on places that might
serve as a burial ground, and wood was often too searce to
Waste On a pyre

Warring tribes practiced the second form of cannibalism,
ind this was the origin of many of the most fanciful travelers'
tales. To eat one's enemies was a sign of true power, and the act of
cannibalism was believed to bestow the courage and strength of
v worthy opponent on the victor. The threat of being eaten by
one's enemies was a frightening one, and the challenge "I'll roast

you alive!" was equal parts insult and intimidation

Early Polynesian wraiths believed that cannibalism wouldn't
carry the same weight in the Deadlands, since everyone was dead
ind plasm just wasn't the same as flesh, Instead, they discovered
that just the mere threat still could unsettle the strongest war
Ainu were well aware of what the threat of

\inu

threatened him with cannibalism, it wasn't just talk of losing

rior, and that rhe

being devoured meant to their Psyches. When a wraith's

flesh. The Ainu phrased the threat in terms of the loss of the
spirit
As an Ainu

speaks of devouring the Psyche as if it were eating the Psyche's

gains ground in its war with the Psyche, it

flesh. Sadistic Ainu go into graphic detail about which "part"
is currently being devoured, (fingers are often compared to
Smacking

scruples, for example), and how the soul tastes

noises at moments when Catharsis is close, or a Harrowing
has just been finished can provide instant gratification tor
the Ainu, particularly if the wraith reacts badly

An Ainu's uses of cannibalism are based on the Psyche's
death and life. lf the wraith had been a follower of traditional
ways in life, and her body was eaten in the traditional way,
her Ainu simply gets nasty about ir, mocking her with de

scriptions of how it, too, is honoring her. On the other hand,


a Westernized wraith mighr be tortured with horror-movie
style descriptions of the rending of his Corpus

During war, some Ainu cannibals get entirely too literal,
and look tor captives as their prize. Many wraiths have come
out of Carharsis to find themselves with mouthfuls of plasm
These untortunates often exile themselves or give themselves
over to the dark waters (and the waiting embrace of rhe Maku).

Polynesian wraiths with Western ideals are terrified! of this as
pect of theirsouls, much to the delight of their Shadows. It is prima-
rily ignorance which makes for such fear, but Ainu see it as a way to

extract revenge for the crime of leaving the old ways behind.

Creating Ainu

Traditional Ainu are creared no differently than Stygian
Shadows, although there a few more details to think about
An Ainu has an Arche

Thorns, Angst and Dark Passions, just like its Stygian

foran Ainu than one might expect
type,
counterpart, as well as a few extra details to make it special.

When creating an Ainu for your character, choose an Ar
chetype with your wraith's life in mind; think in particular about
what things she wanted that she was denied, how tabu and tradi-
tion treated her, and how she died. Thorns should be chosen
with care, since they define the tools the Ainu has at its disposal.

One important thing to think about during creation is
the type of animal characteristics thar the Ainu manifests
during Carharsis. As the Ainu gains Angst, more animals fea-
tures should develop. You should keep track of the changes
on the back of the Shadow sheet; if an Ainu suddenly re-
gresses in appearance it could lead to all sorts of confusion.
Choose an animal thar is native to the region your characrer
is from and use common sense; a Polynesian wraith is un-
likely to manifest as a polar bear or a roadrunner. Mammals,
reptiles and small amphibians are most common; birds are
rare, insects and arthropods are almost never seen, and fish
are never seen. However, frogs are sacred to Tané and as such
their features almost never manifest as Ainu traits.

Think about how your Ainu views cannibalism and tabu
This will shape her techniques for use against the Psyche and
determine what her main targets are going to be. Discuss this
with your Shadowguide, and scribble some nores for in-play
reference on the sheet

Dark Passions should be written with at least one spe-
cific tabu in mind, ora generalization that covers several, such
is Squander natural resources (Greed). A Polynesian wraith
may have one or two "normal" Dark Passions, bur the major
ity should center on tabu

Westernized Ainu or Western Shadows for Polynesian
wraiths follow the standard Shadow creation process from
Wraith: The Oblivion Second Edition, However, if you are
giving your wraith this kind of Shadow, youshould think about
how your character views traditional Polynesian life and cul

ture, ineluding cannibalism and tabu.

Many of the Thorns most Wraith playe
with arealtered orinapplicable iri the Deadlan

Spectre Prestige — This T| as-written for
both Westernized and traditional wtaiths,.cxcept that tra-
ditional wraiths may find their prestige lies withthe Maku.

Tainted Relic — This works for both groups; bur the
relic must be something appropriate to the Ainu; a tradi-
tional Ainu will have somethiine:clder (a spear ora bone
knife), while a Western-style *Aisix-will carry something
more modern (a dagger, gun or machete).

Infamy — For the most part; the Thorn isnor applir
cable to traditional wraiths; awraith with aseally bad
reputation may-bring it iny-but sin these Deadlands In-
famy issimply nofas broad-based asthe Stygiansart. In-
famy-among- traditional Wraiths Spreads only onéer EWO
islands-out fronptheswraith's home:

Death's Sigil. Animallike deformities manifest most
‘aftenswith.this Thorn, Mamy-of the manifestations-of this
Thormvare as subtle-as the wraithileaves animal tracks tn-
stead-of human footprints, op gives.ofta musky scénti

AuraofCorruption — This Thor appears more-often
in. Western-style Shatlows, whother become very offensive
to traditional wraiths when thismanitcsts: Some traditional
Syraiths claim thatahey can seethe-aurain-question

Shadow Call —The\@all mayalsé surnmion Makewitthe
Wraith is on the watéror within shoutingdistance of the GcPan.

Shadowed Face = This Thor is not applicable here;
most Of-the islands' populations aretéesmall for a Strange
facet0 go-urmoticedand unchallenged:

Tainted Poach While this Phorm does functiombhere,
its Sffects Se-usually nor tao hardto-ttact in small papula-
tonssA-wraithridenified4s the souteefthe taint is quick
Sentt6 the sea;-either asatvexilelog as Maku bait.

Shadowplay— Bearsiny mihd'Athat chis-Thornswill
not Work-<dering' war, when the-Aimiis dominant

Shadovw..Familiar —-Afimals in the Shadowlands
ate spirits-of the blessed, andamost Shadow Familiatsarent
brightenough-to camouflage their acrions and firiny This
Thom isspractically wikfhownsoatside of the Westem-=
wedNecropoli,

Freudian Slip = If it treanSplaymg with and abas-
ing-tabu, it'seven better

Shadow Life-—"‘Another power!
most Aihu must be
This presénts'problems similar to those encountered with:

Thorn, although)
ctedingly Subtle ih theirase ofthis:
Shadowed Faces

Devil's Dare This Thorn is Hot really applicable,
owing forthe rabifsystemn Tt is SeGnifarsndre freqidenthyin
Western Shadows?


New Archetypes

The Compulsive

its host's limits as regards tabu. Ir clutches at everything, ev

This unnerving creature likes to push

ery action, as potential tabu, and worries its host with su
tions that even the most innocent of actions is a grave of
fense to propricty and the gods. A wraith may learn to ignore
most of the suggestions as nonsense, but risks ignoring true
tubus, by mistaking them for more of the Ainu's blandishments
This Archetype appears most often in the souls of Western
ized wraiths of Polynesian descent

The Kahuna Nnother Archetype for the Western
ized, this Shadow badgers its Psyche with thoughts of the tra
ditional life lost or given up. It may haunt the Psyche with
reminders to keep tabu and other traditional customs, and gains
Angst for broken tabu just as an Ainu might. However, its
special rack is to harp on the Psyche's assimilationist ways,
attempting to instill guile for all of the traditions the wraith

has left behind

The Maku

These trighttul shark-Spectres prowl the wine-dark seas
of the Polynesian Deadlands, looking for unwary souls to de-
In life,

vour, those who eventually become Maku were the

Shadow Players Guide

truly vicious and predatory. In death, they have assumed forms
to fit their narures

The majority of Maku emerge like Mortwights, born into
their new state immediately afterdeath. These souls were terrors
in their litetimes: abusers, scalp-takers, necromancers, tabu-break
ers. Others undergo the change after their deaths, after being
ridden by Ainu or Shadow one too many times. In either case,
all that was humane about the soul sloughs away, leaving only
those aspeets that ashark would be proud to call brorher

When a Polynesian wraith is reborn asa Maku, he goes
into Catharsis fora last rime and plunges himselt beneath the
waves of the Sea That Knows No Sun.

may see several Maku circling

Those on the surface
the area where the unfortunate
1 new soulmate to

wraith went into the waters, waiting for

emerge. Beneath the water, the wraith dives down into the
darkest depths where, it is said, the Ainu separates itself from
the wraith and devours the Corpus and Psyche in one fell
swoop. (Some believe that the Psyche is not devoured, but
relegated to back of the Maku's mind. Evidence for this theory
is scarce, and it is probably just wishful thinking.). Even as it
devours its own Corpus, the Ainu spins it forth again to give
"flesh"

rises from the waves, it is. asa Maku, brother to sharks

itself and a more fitting form. When the wraith next

The killing instinct innate toa Maku is far greater than
any native toa living shark, and the intensity which the shark-

spirits bring to the hunt is as chilling as their malice. It has

> %

_ KOT oDKais

Sora 23

~


While listening to a Maku song, wraiths with West-
emestylé or post Westernization Shadows are at +2 diffi-
dulty.on all rolls made for the purpose ofresisting Cathar
sis-For traditional wraiths, thé difficulty to resist increases
by. L whilesthe shark-spirits sing.

been noted by many that when hunting, Maku often seem to
encounter those they knew in life "accidentally," and that
they take special care in attacking these ties to their former
existences, Westernized wraiths claim that Maku have at their
disposal a specialized form of the Areanos Lifeweh, enabling
a shark-soul to identify a relative or former loved one even
across the miles of sunless ocean. More traditional wraiths
simply know to avoid the seas whenever necessary, particu-
larly ifa friend or relative has gone missing recently,

The shark-spirits are also helieved to make use of a form
of Keening, although its effects are nor entirely understood
They have been known to sing among the wayes, calling from
each to each with a song that is alternately discordant or
strangely beautiful. Some claim that they can hear the voices
of their lost loved ones in the Maku's songs, begging tor help
and lamenting their fate, while others say the only thing the
Maku have to sing about is their next meal. Few who heed
these supposed pleas in the chanting of the Maku ever return
to shore; nothing more is known of the matter.

Maku are vicious in hunting, and when one has deter

mined to take a certain quarry as prey, almost nothing can

dissuade her. They are also equally vicious in their wit, mock-

ing and tormenting their victims with as much dark delight
as any Shadow. Since they like to play with their food, it has
occasionally happened that a Maku's victim has been able to
escape when the hunter became too cocky about the eventu
ality of capture. Not all of these escapes result in happy end-
ings, though. Some Maku release their prey temporarily, sim-
ply for the looks on their vietims' faces when they are recap-
tured just before reaching supposed safety,

Some priests have long speculated that there might be a
connection between the Ainu and the Maku. Certainly the Ainu
seemed at times to be as terrible as the Maku, and they had
similar weapons of torment at their disposal. The Ainu were
also primarily more like animals than humans, and so it made
sense thar they should be more connected to the almost com
pletely inhuman Maku. But it was not until the arrival of West-
ern-style Ainu that the connection became clear.

These Ainu shared a strange kinship with the shark-spirits,
speaking to them and encouraging their attacks. Those with
Western Shadows were also at a serious disadvantage when the
Maku sang in the waves. The Ainu seemed drawn to the song,
occasionally going into Catharsis after listening for too long.
Shorebound, many priests observed this and nodded in satisfac

tion. Even the Maku's own were not safe from them

More information

rk'Kingdoths carPbe
mally, Dark King-
ade Adverttuires provide

More Wiiforifiation on fe other |
le. Add

fdind indhe Wraith Players G:
dom dfJade and Datk Kingdom of

detailed infgtmation on,the Jade Empire and its habitants.



Chapter Four:
‘Spectres
and Risen

Shadow-Eating
The Darkness Within Us All

B| our Arcanoi are supposed to send us, cower-

ing and screaming, back into the Tempest.
!! Your Citadels are touted as fortresses of light,
i! warding away the evil that would overwhelm
| you all

What a bunch of crap. Most of you
couldn't Spook your way out of a paper bag,
let alone harm one of us. And the Citadels? I can't count the num-
her of times I've waltzed through the halls of one

Despite your tough talk, you're all a bunch of babies, afraid
of the dark. You don't have the power to bend the darkness to your
will. You don't have the balls to face Oblivion. You don't have the
strength to feel the pain of the universe filling your soul

— Maxwell Carpenter, Doppelganger and frequent visi-
tor, Citadel of Philadelphia

Wraiths reborn through an encounter with Oblivion
change on a fundamental level, Beings of implacable evil,
these creatures desire only to spread the pain which wracks
them constantly. They strive to extend Oblivion throughout
the Underworld, and they anticipate eagerly the nothingness
of the Void. They are nothing less than the greatest darkness
of the human spirit given form. They are Spectres.

Spectres can be explained, in a rather simplistic fashion, as
Shadows who have assumed permanent control over their Psyche
counterparts, Such a change is seldom sudden, since the Shadow
must first raise its permanent Angst to 10 before it can com-
pletely dominate the wraith, As long as the wraith is able to
resist the whispered lures of its Shadow or retains the services of
a capable Pardoner, this should not be a concern. Sometimes,
though, the wraith becomes overly dependent on her dark half
to the point where she is reborn as a Spectre.

The Philosophy of Spectres

We're not a bunch of mindless drones, you know. That's you

— Maxwell Carpenter

Contrary to popular opinion, Spectres do nor differ greatly
from wraiths. True, they dwell mostly in the horror of the

Chapter Four: Spectres and Risen 101

Seed

eh
; <a a

=


Tempest, practicing their Dark Arcanoi and seething from
the pain of Oblivion. However, Doomslayers boast of braving
the Tempest's soul-shattering storms in search of Spectral tro

phies, and Helldivers claim to have infiltrated the Spectres'

ranks, learning their enemy's skills. These and other intrepid
(some would say insane) souls maintain that the Spectres'
dark talents are not unavailable to wraiths. When appear-
ance and ability are ser aside, the fundamental factor rhat
differs the Shadow-

ten from wraiths is temperament.
Where a wraith tries to deny her Shadow-self, a Speerre
literally embraces it. The pain and darkness which is the
Shadow's driving force is given full voice in the Spectre. The
agony it feels — the torment of Oblivion — is too great to be
contained within its warped Corpus. Striving to find some
reprieve from the suffering, the Spectre delights in spreading
agony throughout the Underworld, The
Spectre sees the universe spiraling down toward entropy; its

its own soul-wracking

mission is to help propel everything into that final embrace
with Oblivion.

While a number of types of Spectres operate the far side
of the Shroud, most characters who become so transformed

are considered Doppelgangers. This Spectral caste consists of

wraiths seduced by their Shadows, yet still in possession of

their Fetrers and appearing much like normal wraiths.

The Appeal of Evil

If she feels her character is up to the challenge, a player
should approach her Storyteller with the idea of turning her
wraith into one of the Shadow-Eaten. Spectres are an unde-
niable part of Wraith, but their ultimately dark and destrue-
tive natures may disrupt some chronicles if given prominence
in the form of a player character. If the Storyteller is agree-
able to the idea, however, she should feel free to incorporate
the wraith's transformation into the chronicle's ongoing story.

It is entirely possible that the Storyteller might decide
she wants to incorporate a Spectre into her chronicle before
she's been asked by a player. If so inclined, she should ap-
proach the player she feels would best roleplay the Spectre.

In cither case, the wraith's Shadowguide must be informed
of the impending change of death as well. The Shadowguide
is vital to helping the player roleplay the wraith's transition
properly, as the Shadow's influence over its alter ego is cen-
tral to a wraith's descent into Oblivion. As such, the
Shadowguide must be aware of both the player and Storyteller's
wishes in the specific direction they want to go.

How to Become a Spectre

If the player cannot resist the temptation of transform-
ing her heloved wraith into one of the Shadow-Eaten, the
first thing to do is look over her character — not only the
wraith, but her Shadow as well. She should look for reasons

the wraith would find herself irresistibly drawn to the dark-
ness of the Void.

The wraith's Passions and the Shadow's Dark Passions
and Thorns are the key to this. Think about how the Shadow
can not only ewist the wraith's powerful emotions against her,
bur also use the wraith's hopes and dreams to feed the Shadow's
own evil desires, These warped feelings are at the root of the
individual Spectre's motivations, and have their beginnings
within the wraith's own mind.

The player and Storyteller should work together to de-
termine the motivations behind the change. The impact it
W ill hav eon the c harac ter, the tre supe and the chronic le should

be addressed to their satisfaction before going any further.

Taking the Long View

There's «fine line between inspired evil and simple depravity
Let me draw it for you

— Maxwell Carpenter

A Spectre has a traditionally short existence, as the an-
guish of Oblivion is often too much to bear for very long.
While she can try sustaining herself with the Angst she gains
through the terror she spreads, all too soon the Void beckons.

The most successtul (and not surprisingly, most danger-
ous) of the Shadow-Eaten are those who endure despite their
self-destructive natures. A Spectre looking for more than an
eye-blink existence must cultivate a higher ae by | lower, de-
pending on how one looks at it — purpose.

The player should determine what she hopes to accom-
plish by having her character become a Speetre. While sim-
ply being nasty has its roleplaying benefits, she should look
for more than that. There is already ample opportunity for
malice in guiding another character's Shadow without need-
ing to convert a perfectly respectable wraith into a twisted
parody of her former self.

Again, the best starting point is with the Shadow's Dark
Passions. Take not only the Dark Passion's core emorion but also
its meaning into consideration. One like Make others look fool-
ish (Spite) may be entertaining and surprisingly effective ar fucl-
ing a Spectre's Angst, but it's not something that will help it
maintain an existence for any appreciable length of time, Simi-
larly, Topple the Hierarchy (Hate) can offer the Spectre a solid
long-term goal, but one that is rather difficult to achieve. On the
other hand, something strong but self-sustaining like Spread pain
(Malice) or even Withstand Oblivion (Fear) can give the Spec-
tre a powerful incentive to stick around.

The player shouldn't stop there. Using the Dark Passion
as the first step, she should endeavor to have at least a broad
idea of what sort of trouble she sees her Spectre getting into.
This might tic neatly into the Storyteller's current chronicle,
focus on one of the wraith's Fetters, or head off on a previ-
ously unexplored tangent.


The Shadows the masterof manipulation. These hooks
@xploré key Ways. iniwhichithe Shadowitan ex plait emotions
and Cinctiistancesto gain'aneverprearerh dldiovérthtawraith,
Clever Shadawstlides can create ever hnGte tWistediand inés-
Capablémethods. With the proper machitiations, the Shadow.
can'pive the Wraith what she wants while pertitig e¢xactlywhat
it riceds toSinil its barbs jia/ deeper,

Thats whatithe Shadow, is'all akotmatter/all

Former life

One of the:createstitragedics the Restless sutfet-isito
he foteWerdenicd'thé waraithjand lighvafleying ex istenee:
A, wraith, Withéah Passion ro remain neat henfamily even
after passing on isin fer a‘trlsteatinyg. afterlife,

‘Tacti¢s: ‘The Shadows inighmedhtinually remind the
wraith-ofiher inabiliry,co aficersot wich the Skintands; soaking
Up the Angstipericrated By her angaisheadd Tonginec dt tay
Offer thé yaaich Shadow Dice ta"help with) Ker attetapts ‘so
communicate water touch the Quick, countinguprhie Angst
from any onéstolled, Ifcan even sugeést that} whilethe Wraith,
may lack the power#o cross diver ithe Shadow -has the ability
=> if only she'd lerittake aver fora tittle while.

Puppetees "and-Procrors! are fine tarects for this hook'
They €4n alteady piécé the Shroudfors shorétime buywhar
if they could/make it last longer? What iftheyeoildreturras
Often as they wanted toflf's stehia/smull! price ro payeay

Promise of Power

Intrigue, and manipulationwire the breacvand Hutter of
the Shadowlands Hierarchs)plany Renepades plot ahd Her
ties scheme; any;poor sotils Caught tnthemuddleare-bound
to be usediby Ghe/sfde ot thesother (Grails Theébeseiwayis
avoid: hethg vised As!a pawn' is to gain, power, promoting
Ohe's self Grothe etethalchesshaatd.

Tactics #The!Shadow.can pointcut Howirs Better halt
is being duped by alldnd'sundeypiticlddifig these the wraith.
Considers triendsAW hethet ‘or-not che Claiins are true,-the
wraithis subséqticht.anger and fristration are'strang stuffy
Directingthe wraith roward(oraway froin) individnalswhs
MlighP assist Him Cau place the. Shadow atselF im the role‘of.
manipulator without chewraith, being/awareot it,

Some Shadow Thorns are' uniquely-approptiate'te ex-
ploir this hooks Shadow' Life' enables theShadawite build
relani@hships with unsavory wraiths (oreven jurking
Doppelgahgets) while irs wraiths Limbets, Dhese tidividus

als! canithen happen" t meetrhewiaich,at justche righe
time to offer ‘assistance'

Pact, of} Doom, camibe offeredeas well Theechance to
imerease the level of a much-needed Arcanos.can, be too:
much fora. wealth to-résisty Besides;a couplesmore pointes
of permanent Anest'for the Shadow shorildntt mace 06
fouch as long'as-there. dre Pardonergiiccessible; right

Avetiog Harrowing

Harrowings ave amioniythe mestexoruciating torments
awraitheansuffer.A cleverShadow can‘edke advantage of
one triggered by/@xterhalapenci¢s\Such"as a Attack ona
Fetter, even After the wtaich has -defeared if:

Tactics? Abchouphtwraiths often féel*renewed Biter
besting/ x Harrowing, the' Shadow shobld feel, free to re-
tind iSounterpart of théhellshe just went through, The
Paintand tector of suchvan.experitnee, though simply té-
membered Water, is nectar tothe' Shadow, Little ne mindeéts,
jibes.and inquities about the event can\keepthe wraith-in
a constantsraté of emotional turmoil and give the Shadow
fio. endiof Angstiupon which to feed:

The'best partis /thamithe! Shadow ean feed *offathe
Wraitlre destre fot vengeance against those Whollssaulted
Rem Fetter ‘Eneotragingsthe wraith wfoltowifeadswhich
bring her'closetico'finding henartackerscan result inseme
powerful morons. If handled properly, the, wraith, willie:
Sopintent on fevenge'that sh@ won't realize her Shadows
growing faton:the Angst/ofthesseatch:

The Sorrow of Etertty

The monuméntalpendlessidespair: df Wwratthly existence
can. be the perfetr hook for the Stiadow's clawsito lateh Onto,

Tacticst,Simply poincing Gut thatthe wraithiis dead isan
effective method of eVokingiA rigst' The Shadow then whispers
thatsthere is, indeed, mbrextothevatterlife rhan-merely éxistings
Wéhethenir's power, ‘Anvendito it ally or (perhaps cod mich to
Ope for), Transcehdence, the wraith can'thelpbur' Be intrigued
by rhe possihiliry-ofsomething beyond her-current condition,

Especiallyicttective against those with telarivelyelithle
time in the afterlife, thishodk ean alsa;be'useful:for "older"
wraiths. A young wraith, overwhelmed hy theyprospect of
étemity) is the perfect fodder forthér,Shadow's ‘machitia-
tions; One dfthe Restléss withtcenttiriesin the Shadowlands
suffetinga-kind of "midafterlife crisis" is hKeviseiifeptime.
écnidition forthe Shadows antics

Chapter four: Spectres and Risen


In the énd, the player should try to look fora motivation — he easy. The Shadow-Eaten are extremely self-destructive by

beyond the obvious. Spectres, though driven by the pain and — nature, and given.a choice, they would rather try to drae with
emptiness of Oblivion, can he just as complex as any wraith — them any well-meaning wraiths who offer redemption. Such
in their personalities, goals and desires. Having a direction attempts can certainly make for some exhilarating game se
past basic destructive urges will give the player aticher can- — sions, however

vas upon which to work, and make the experience more en

joy for he other players Roleplaying the Descent
Breaking Free of Oblivion s Embrace Once the Storyteller, Shadouide and wraith player ar

comfortable with the idea, the next step is to roleplay the
The player might also want to decide if she wishes her — wraith's descent into Oblivion. The IPpearance of tempra
haracter's life saved, or instead ro plummet ever farther down tions particularly appropriate to the wraith's dark side inspired
the pit to Oblivion, While this decision shouldn't impact di- cunning on the part of the Shadow and valiant (though in
rectly on game play, it isan important distinction for the Sto- — evitably futile) resistance by the wraith —all these element
ryteller, player and Psycheguide to keep in mind. Conversely, — can make the wraith's downward spiral dramatic and enjoy
it is Important to nore that even if a player does want her able to all. However, such influences can take time, so the
character to shrug off Oblivion's shackles, it. certainly won't — wraith should not necessarily become 1 Speetre overnight

The Storyteller is encouraged to incorporare the
change as being simply another plot thread, along
with any others she is currently developing. She
should be careful nor to direet too much
ittention toward the wraith's temptation
Suddenly giving center stage to a
wraith's discussions with its Shadow is

sure To Cause itritation among
the other players, to

say the least


The Shadowguide should maintain the Shadow's previ-
ous attitude and involvement. A dramatic increase in the
Shadow's whispered antics might draw undue player notice,
and ir can also disrupt the mood of the game.

The player should try to allow the change to occur natu
rally (or at least as naturally as such things will), Lf the wraith
jumps all-too-gleetully into her Shadow's waiting arms, it's
entirely possible that her fellow wraiths will drag her off toa
Pardoner before the desired takeover transpires.

While there is no reason to keep the wraith's transforma-
tion from the rest of the troupe, it is recommended: If the
other players aren't aware of the change, their characters' ac-
tions and reactions will be that much more authentic. Such a
revelation is more entertaining for all involved the less oth-
ers know about what has been happening.

With but a little thought, a number of methods can be
used to draw a wraith into her Shadow's dark embrace. Many
have already been mentioned in Wraith: The Oblivion Sec-
ond Edition and in this book. Using these ideas as inspira-
tion, the Storyteller and Shadowguide should be able to fun-
nel the wraith down the black corridor of Oblivion.

e Details of Transtormation

uite possibly the hardest part of this en-
, tire process ts the Ww raith's literal transtor
| Mation into a Spectre, and how to deal
with the immediate consequences. This
is particularly tricky if the other players

are to remain unaware of the change.

The Shadowguide should alert the
player and Storyteller when the Shadow is ready to take over the
wraith permanently (a note is preferable to bellowing out "Go
ing down!"). At this point, some sleight of hand is called for

The Storyteller should set up a circumstance where the
wraith appears to fall into a Harrowing. The wraith doesn't
have to suffer the actual event as long as it seems so to the
other players. Then, when the Shadow engulfs the wraith,
she plunges into the Tempest for her "Harrowing."

A fake Harrowing is arranged for the troupe's benefit.
The specific Quarry and circumstances are irrelevant as long
as it is believable to the troupe. Success or failure on the
wraith's part is also immaterial, although the player should
roleplay the Harrowing as earnestly as any other.

The wraith is left hanging at the Harrowing's end, just prior
to when she would normally return to a Fetter. Focusing on the
rest of the troupe, the Storyteller should keep them from check

ing up on their vanished friend for some time. An ongoing plot

works just fine; if nothing else, a sudden attack by Spectres or
one of the rroupe's enemies will keep them occupied

The transformation does take some time, so upon her
return the Spectre should be prepared to face questions re-
garding the length of her disappearance. In the Underworld,
there are any number of reasons why she might have been

delayed, bur she would do well to have her story straight

Many things are'suspect in 4 wraith's-exisrence, bura
Shadow-Eatef-can‘use thar ther advantage A-newborn
Spectre has-manhy Ways ro account, for her disappearance:
Keep tinemindssvhatéver che' alibi, that simple-is-bése;

° Attacked by Spectrées/Hierarchy/Renegades/Her-
etics —.This is-a constant danger to-solitary wraiths:
Such an attack might alseaccount-or any subtle changes
inthe "weaith'S=appearance;

© Captured by Slavers —The "wraith" was caught bya
favorite Slaveptactic Of searching outand.waiting apher ret
fer. She-dnly recently escaped when the slaver was'attacked
bysa rival/Hieratchy-pattol/Renegade:gang/Heretic band.

¢ Lostinthe Tempest — Taking'a shortexit roget
backto heriftiends, the"wraith? gortost inghesempést
andonly now foundiher way backto=-the troupe.

®'Seeret Meeting with the Guild — The "wraith's" Guild
meritor/eontact/ally/superior demandedjhetome t6\a, meet
ing, They discussedthings he's noratliberty to repeat (although
if the troupehas.anGther wiaith-in the same Guildythe newly:
hatched Speétre willbe ‘happy to-take him aside later).

Keeping the Secret

What, vou think we walk around with name tags saying "Spectre?!

— Maxwell Carpenter

Certain Arcanoi are perfect for sniffing out the Shadow
Eaten — Castigate in particular has been the bane of many a
Doppelganger. There are also numerous artifacts that can sense
the presence of Oblivion. The challenge of avoiding such pit-
falls can certainly make for exhilarating roleplaying.

As long as no one else in the troupe ean sense the Shadow-
Eaten, there is no need to make special concessions. On the
other hand, a Pardoner in the group can make for a disap-
pointingly short tenure for the fledgling Spectre. The Story-
teller may consider lending some assistance in the form of a
minor artifact which masks the user's Spectral state momen
tarily (although this is by no means necessary — no one said

heing a Spectre should be easy).


What?

Or,

When Bad Things Happen
to Good Wraiths

§) omerimes, despite the wraith's

ful and eventually gain perma
i nent control of the wraith. Per
@3| haps the wraith relied over
much on Shadow Dice, or en
tered into a Pact of Doom too often, or had a
Shadow with Dark Passions particularly effective
it gleaning Angst
Whatever the reason, there are instances
when a wraith hecomes a Spectre before the
player or Storyteller is prepared for it. Such
wn event doesn't mean the wraith should he
written off, however. An inspired event like this
can open entirely new doors of plot and
roleplaying
Once the Shadow has 10 permanent Angst, it is
turned over to the wraith player. The Storyteller may
well want to take a short break to discuss the rami
fications of the transformation with the player
The steps listed above for premeditated Spectre
metamorphosis should be discussed briefly to the
player and Storyteller's satisfaction. As long as she
wishes to continue playing the character, the Storyteller

should work the change into her chronicle

When Transcendence Beckons

Some wraiths are already well on the road to Tran

scendence; their Shadows are so weak as to barely have a

voice with their wraithly alter egos. Having the wraith sud

denly find itself unable to resist such a sickly Shadow can be

aA

wn

difficult to rationalize. Wraiths in such an enviable posi
tion will certainly have a harder time being taken over

by their Shadows, even temporarily. Clever

——— =

Shadowguides will find it challenging, bur other see
tions of this book give helpful advice on how to turn

the wraith from the path of light

100 Shadow Players Guide


Maxwell Carpenter's Favorite Dirty Tricks

There are any number of wtys we Spectres can use our Arcanoi
tomake the afterlife hell for wraiths. I'm not here to hold your hand, so
don't expect me to spell everything out for you, Stop sniffling; lll give
you afew of the basics — just don't come crying to me if you run into

problems, We're not running a daycare, y'know

Pandemonium

All of this Arcanos' arts are perfect for confusing and
disorienting your victim, though | have to say Befuddlement
is the best of the bunch. Say someone's close to figuring out
your true nature, or about to take some action you'd rather
they didn't (like lopping off your favorite head). Just lay some
Befuddlement on ‘em just long enough for you to cur and run,
or mayhe take your target out. The rest are a lot of fun, too,
but things like Foul Humour and Tempus Fugit take too much

out of ne to use very often.

Intimation

This really needs no explanation; what easier way is there
to manipulate a wraith than to discover what she really, Te-
ally wants? And that's just the beginning. With Intimation,
you can make her want something else (like this "live" relic
grenade), or strip her of a desire (like putting a blade through
your chest). Loads of fun, if you can put up with thar funky
green light shining from your eye (and find someone to teach

you; the Hive-Mind's a little fuzzy on this one).

Mnemosynis

The whole list of arts is useful, bur | tend to vo tor
Mnemotechnies. | can't recall how many times that art has
hauled my sweet Corpus out of harm's way. How, you ask? If
you're in a tight spot, just pop your attacker buck to the
memory of her death. While she's reliving that joyous ocea-
Ston, you can go about your business (or stick around and bt yak
up some nice, strong emotions).

Of course, if you want to do a real double whammy, hit
her with Mnemotechnics and have a Doppelganger buddy
show up looking like one of the major players from her past.

Her cortex will be scrambled eggs — I guarantee it.

L get a hig kick our of this. Okay, weasel your way into a
buneh of wraiths. Then, when they're kicking back, send out

a Distress Signal. It's even better if you use Gleaming and get
them all to run toward a Nihil. Can you say "buffer line"?
Your fellow Spectres'll get upset if you do this too often,

though, so wateh ir or they'll add you to the smorgasbord.

Doomslayers

§| 0 you want fo be a Doomslayer, do you?
}| You have any idea how many punks I get
s| evety day felling me they want fo take
| the fight back to the other side of the
|| Tempest? You have any clue how few of
As) them don't go bug-eyed when they find

ovt what it's really all abovf?

Oh, bet you're going to be different, aren't you? yeah,
Tve heard that before. Sit down and |isten, and we'll find
ovt if you're the tight kind of crazy or just plain insane.

The way most folks see vs, you'd think Doomslayers were
a bench of psychos in relic armor going ovt with noble hearts
to battle the encroaching tide of the Maelstrom. well, that's
all nice and pretty, kid, bet noble only fakes you so far, and
before you know it, Oblivion's staring you in the face with a
smile \ike a dentist's nightmare. Spectres aren't mindless
ravening hordes, like the Hierarchy wovld like you to think.
Oh, don't get me wrong, They'te not right ptoper either. One
look into a Shace's hungry eyes, ot a few worcls from some
psycho Nephwrack priest and you know for damn sere that
they're alien — and more than that, they'te wong. Fact of
the matter is, Doomslayers aren't just fighting Speches; they're
fighting Oblivion itself.

I can see the qvestion in your eyes. How the hell do you
do thaf? when we've figured it ovt for real, we'll be sure to
pet yor on the list. Our methods ate gtowing, still, and every
time a Martyr Knight gets a Spectre in a bottle, ovr methods
get that mych better. what's a Martyr Knighf? Maybe I'm
getting ahead of myself. It goes like this: Since we keep
adapting the way we do things to information we get, there
ore different ideas on how we shovld be evolving. Fottv-

nately, we've got Kyo main orclers of Doomslayers, so as best
fo accommodate varying opinions. Between the Order of the
Thotn and the Martyr Knights, most of the argument on "How
te Cook @ Spectre" is pretty well contained.

The gvys yov've seen carrying a wagonload of Stygian
stee| mayhem and dolled vp in relic armor are probably from
the Thorn. These are the g»ys who stand between you and
the salivating masses. It's pretty commonly accepted that
the warriors of the Thorn are a few planks short of a ferry,
bet that's not the half of it when yore fighting @ foe who's

Chapter Four: Spectres and Risen

got a dedicated line to your Shadow, you've got to vse some
pretty dangerovs tactics. Warriors of the Thorn walk a razor
edge between job satisfaction and Oblivion.

As crazy as we ore, thovgh, the Thotn's got nothing on
the Martyr Knights. The Martyrs are interrogators to the
Thorns" warriors; the psych squad of the Doomslayers. Every
Specte's got a Psyche, and every Psyche's got a vested
interest in helping weaken the forces of the Tempest. while
the Thorn's concerned with obliterating Spectres, the Martyr
Knights dance the tightrope dance of strengthening the Psyche
of captured Spectres, the better to know their enemy. And yov
wonder why people fear vs as much as they respect vs?

well, there you have if, kid. A quick and ditty look at
Doomslayers and what we do? you still want to be one of vs?
You still want fo be one of the noble soldiers, with a fleck
of foam on the lips and a tovch of madness in the eye? well
good, there's always room for more.

Plesus Mar, Knight of the Thorn, in his speech to new

cadets.

Organization

Doomslayers have been forced to adopt a somewhat loose,
cellular form of organization due to the very nature of their
prey. When you're facing an enemy who can speak with the

inside of your own people's minds, it's foolish to rely on a
bureaucracy and too much planning. The enemy may not be
a step ahead of your plans, but he's at least stride for stride
with you. In cases like this, then, it's hest to rely more on
improvisation and skill than elegant preparation — when you
don't know what you're up to, your Shadow can't tell your
enemies.

The two orders of Doomslayers — the Thorns and the
Martyr Knights — account for all of the organized Spectre
hunters, save the Helldivers affiliated with the Masquers'
Guild and those wraiths who control the two orders. There
are five wraiths who oversee both the Thorns and the Martyr
Knights, but little other information is available. Spectres have
been known to speak with Doomslayers' Shadows abdur their
plans, and if the identities of the orders' leaders were plucked
from an incautious wraith's mind, they would not be long for
the Shadowlands. In fact, the Five, as they are known, sur-
round themselves with such a wall of paranoid secrecy that it
has become increasingly difficult for Doomslayers to receive
orders from their leaders or relay information back. The Five
never involve themselves in actual operations, lest their Shad-
ows reveal any great secrets to the enemy. This disconnec-
tion between leadership and membership has begun to cause
friction within the twin organizations, friction that could be

disastrous to a group as diffuse as the Doomslayers.

Order of the Thom

Though often considered simple grunts by the Martyr

Knights, the warriors of rhe Thorn wage a complex and dan-
gerous war against the Spectres, Certainly, the Thorns are
the more physical of the nwo orders. They wield the best in
Stygian steel, and hoard relic bits of appropriate parapherna-

lia To use against the Opec tres. Nev er tray cling in detachments
of-less than a half-dozen, the Thorns will secure the perim-
eter of a Nihil and dive in en masse, clearing the local Tem-
pest of Spectres and then (hopefully) retreating safety. More
than one observer has compared their tactics to that of SWAT
teams, and the metaphor is an apt one.

However, the nature of their fight is darker than mere
physical combat, deadly as that might be. The Order of Thorns
gains its name from these Doomslayers' interaction with their
Shadows, and this deadlier fight often takes place far from
the confines of the Tempest. Knowing well the capabilities of
the Spectral MHivemind, not to mention the Shadow-Eaten's
interaction with Shadows, the Thorns ride the edge of Ca-
tharsis. In a dangerous dance, they keep the ir Shack WS Strong.
Sometimes, this leads to. arrogance and errors on the Shadow's
part — gloating, spilled plans, an arrogant hoasting over the
Psyche's doom that inadvertently reveals what plans the
Shadow's laid. Other times, the game merely hastens the in-
evitable slide to Oblivion.

The most powerful Thorns can attempt to ride Cathar-
SIS, the better to learn from their newly empowered Shadows.
A wraith riding Catharsis is fully aware of what his Shadow is
doing with their shared Corpus, though his Shadow doesn't
know of the psychic passenger. In this way, the Psyche can
observe everything his Shadow is up to, mentally preparing
counterstrokes and FIpoOstes.

It is a dangerous gambit at best. If the Doomslayers are
not destroyed in their fight against the Spectres, they must
bear the constant fear thar they will take one single step too
far and become that which they bartle.

The Martyr Knights

More subtle than the Thorns, the Martyr Knights are no
less terrifying. While they do take the occasional sortie into

pattle is a more insidious one

the Tempest, their ongoing
Time and time again, Doppe

ganger ImMpostors embarrass and
destabilize the Hierarchy. In response, the Martyr Knights
stand mn eternal \ ivilance. Though their numbers are too few
to prevent every impostor from doing its work, the Martyr
Knights keep a close eye On various key figures, reacting
quickly when these individuals act suddenly and embarrass-
ingly out of character. This signals to rhe Knights that theit
surveillance target may well have been replaced by a
Doppelganger.


Once the attack is spotted, the Martyr Knights watch
and follow the Spectre. Under the guise of interrupting and
harassing the Doppelganger, the Knights will then proceed to
put as much stress on the impostor as possible. This will ei-
ther force the Spectre to reveal his rrue nature prematurely,
or give his Psyche additional ammunition for a renewed as-
sault on the Spectral personality. In order to buy time tor the
Psyche, however, Martyr Knights are willing to do whatever
is necessary, hence their name. More than one has gone down
to a Harrowing — or worse — while desperately trying ro
feed a Doppelganyer's Psyche aid

Martyr Knights are also known to be working toward a
process whereby captured Spectres can he Redeemed. For this
purpose they try to caprure rather than destroy those Spee-
tres they run across. Such captured Spectres are kept in large,
vaguely translucent jars, fully aware of the nature of their pre-

dicaments.

Cells

The fear of infiltration by Spectres has led Doomslayers
to adopt the sort of organization used by the Freneh Resis
tance of World War I. Small groups of Doomslayers,
containing both Thorns and Martyr Knights,
do their work independently of others in

the organization. Their plans are their own, their defeats and
vietories ascribed to no one else.

Cells will generally have a single leader and no other rank
system, Consisting of three to 10 wraiths, a single cell will
have a definite slant toward one or the other of the orders. It
is nor uncommon for cells, particularly ones thar take fre
quent trips into the Tempest, ro consist entirely of Thorns or
Martyr Knights

feeling that too much crossover between orders leads to too

The Five encourage this sort of insularity,

much exchange of information, and thus too great a possibil-
ity of betrayal

The world of the Doomslayer is perilous and paranoiac;
one never knows when one's own subconscious has played
quisling to the most subtle of setups. Doomslayers are increas-
ingly close-mouthed about their operations, to the point where
many cells are splitting into even smaller groups. A growing
number of Doomslayers, while keeping their order affiliation,
preter to operate solo. While this has certain advantages, be
ingall alone in the Tempest without any hope of backup isn't

necessarily an optimal situation

RU

Lye
TM" AA
ws

‘h

Chapter Four: Spectres and Risen 109

=<

+
ate

/

Helldivers

The Helldivers are an elite sect of wraiths, carefully trained

wone of the most dangerous jobs in the Underworld — infiltra
tion and assassination of Spectres. Most of their numbers come
from the ranks of the Masquers, although a few are recruited
from affiliated Guilds or even from independents

The Helldivers have attained a gruesome reputation from
|

their modus operandi. Rather than barrel into the Tempest
slaying as they they prefer to wend their way quietly in
wearing Spectre skins and going deep under cover. The adept
Helldiver blends into the social structure of a group of Spec

tres, passes fora while as one of their disgusting number, works
his way closer to his target, and then quietly disposes of the

Needless to say,

tential for mishap is incredible. Only the best are able to claim

ereature when opportunity allows the po

wity mrtact

repeated bounties with their s

Like the Orders of Doomslayers, Helldivers operate with

intense secrecy. Most report only to the highest-rankin
Guildmasters or Hierarchs, although they'll gladly claim a
bounty from anyone. Most Helldivers operate in pairs, the
one always ready to help the other, Larger groups tend to at
tract suspicion

Mortwights

ind Nephwracks are far more intelligent than they look, and

Of course, the Helldiver trade is hardly easy

their targets are usually of the charismatic and clever sort

1 Helldiver's

facade can never be flawless. To flawlessly duplicate a Spectre

the most dangerous game of all. What's worse,

1 disguised wraith would have to tap into the Spectral Hive

Mind. Not one Helldiver has ever done this, ni 1 one
Walt Co.
Solos

Not every Doomslayer works for the Five. Many are sim

ply wraiths who've had enough, and who have decided to take

the fight to the enemy. Some are well trained, others are merely

inery amateurs. The range of solo Doomslayers covers the

gamut. The only thing uniting them is a common need t
take a few Spectres to pieces (though the rewards the Hierat
chy offers for Speetre Corpora can also be nice)

The Most have
edge of Argos 1 wraith

with a soul-steel sword, has taken the plunge into a Nihil to

werage solo doesn't exist some knowl

ind Moliate, but many irmed only
seek the enemy on his own ground

A very few solos are successful. Most have no idea of what
they're really up against and don't make it back from their
first ventures. Others get lucky their first time out, or have a
more experienced hunter take them under a protective wing
ind gradually acquire the experience needed to win their own

hattles

COL whe

aes


The hest solos are legendary, Robin Hood-like figures in the

Pathos taverns of Stygia and the Shadowlands. The worst just

don't last long enough for anyone to notice they're missing.

The Worst Happens...

At first it would seem relatively risk-free. Even if a Spec-
tre should rend a wraith's Corpus, the worst that would hap-
pen would be that the unfortunate Doomslayer would rumble
down into a Harrowing, only to be spit out of the Labyrinth
ata Fetter.

It's not quite that easy.

Many Spectres do Aggravated damage, tumbling their

victims down into Destruction Harrowings. A single misstep
there and the wraith is destroyed, not just diminished, Orher
Spectres concentrate on numbing Passions instead of physi-

eal pain, sapping their targets' very reasons for existing.

Then the sadistic nature of Spectres needs to be taken
into account. Deep within the Labyrinth, it isa certainty that
the Spectres have their own soulforges. Moliate is one of the
hasie tools of Doppelgangers and Nephwracks. Pity the wraith

who is captured instead of being destroyed outright.

Roleplaying Notes:

Remember always that you are all that stands between
the Necropoli and Oblivion. Your enemy is skilled, insidious,
dangerous and led by the demonic hand of the forces that
slew Charon. To battle the forces of the abyss, you must touch
the darkness inside you and foster that tiniest seed of light

within them. That light is not fostered for the sake of redemp-
ittle.

Compromise, in such intense and intimate doses, carries with

tion, though — ir is simply another weapon in the

it the beginnings of madness and no Doomslayer is quite en-
tirely sane. Warriors of the Thorn call to the seductive dark-
hess in their own souls, while Martyr Knights leave them-
selves vulnerable in the hope of aiding a desperately weak
ally. Trust few, if any, for the Doppelgangers are masters of
Moliation, and your leaders are shadowy and hardly incor
ruptible. You are the logical answer to the paradoxes of the
Shadowlands, the straight line cutting through the endless
tangles around you. Trust your own strength and nothing else
that you don't have to; the darkness has ears everywhere.

Shadowguiding Risen

Fist of fear

squeeze your heart

the world goes red

and falls apart

— Oyster Band, "Angels of the River"

eather leans over and whispers in Harolil's ear

as the Storyteller describes to him what his char-
" acter, Seth, sees-as he uses Lifeweb to check on
MI his Fetter (and former lover) Bran. Bran was

; | placed Id Psve hiatric hospital for observation,
| thanks to the efforts of Seth's Shadow. It seems

that the Shadow had gone to the authorities to
get Bran committed when it was in control uf Seth's body — some-
ig corpses. Now Heather, his
Shadowguide, is using the opportunity to make pointed remarks about
how Bran is better off in the loony bin. Riffing from that, she starts

thing about his raving about walki

raising questions about Seth's own sanity, and what his real moriva
tion was in having Seth locked away from everyone else

As a Risen's Shadowguide, Heather plays the ever-present
voice in Seth's head. The Shadows of the Risen are much closer w
the surfac

than those of Restless in the Shadowlands, and so
Heather keeps up a steady stream of quiet commentary for Harold

It's only when she falls silent that it's time for Seth to worry.

For a Risen, the Shadow is a constant companion, al-
ways whispering in the back of her mind. A Risen's physical
reliance on the Conduit which houses the Shadow makes it
clear that the Risen isn't going to do anything without input
from her darker side.

A Risen's shadow always has an agenda of its own, other-
wise it wouldn't have allowed the return to the Skinlands. This
program is something more than simply pursuing Dark Passions
and dragging the Psyche down into Oblivion. A Risen's Shadow
has a point to prove to the Psyche and anyone else around. The
type of wraith who becomes a Risen is an obsessive individual
who has an equally obsessed Shadow. OF course, the Shack Ww S
obsession is with bringing the Risen down, proving that every
negative thought that the Psyche ever had to be true. The
Skinlands provides a much better canvas for the picture the
Shadow is trying to paint than the Shadowlands ever could be.
The revulsion a loved one feels at the touch of a dead hand proves
eloquently any doubt that a wraith had about his attractiveness.
The instinctive revulsion a Risen inspires in passersby re-affirms
a Shadowy argument that the wraith has always been a monster,
even in the flesh. Rest assured that the Shadow will let none of
these opportunities pass, and will garner every bit of Angst the
situation provides.

When Shadowguiding a Risen it is important to keep the
Shadow's agenda in mind. You are the embodiment of all the pain,
hatred, and self-loathing of an individual who Is consumed by a
purpose, and it's your job not only to thwart that purpose, bur to
tub his face in their every failure along the way. In the end, you'll
prove to the world that you were right all along.

As at Risen's Shadow you are trapped in the Conduit, which
gives you a somewhat different perspective from that of a normal
Shadow. Since nine times our of 10 the conduit is a object of
some sort, this imprisonment isn't a very pleasant experience.

How would you like to be incarnated as a piece of tacky jewelry,


lis

: say al j iri carried around everywhere in some dead
ta

suy's slimy pocket? Your only diversion
is ro torment your other half, and your only chance for

iny relief is to take over the body which will allow

you to do whatever you please

Lois Appropriate. for a Risen's
Shadowguide té whisper frequently in
the'player's eatyso' long,as"itis done
quietlyenough that it doesimobinter-
feré with the main action of the gamer
This is much easier 16 accomplish if'
the Shadowguitlé/sirs next' .to the
Psyche's player! Keép, the Shadow's
commentary,to thepoihratd in char-
acter, but neyerJét one of the Risen'g
failures pass unremarked.

pam | (oriuit se View

Being trapped in the Conduit does not limita Shadow

>

in what it can perceive or do anymore than when the

Psyche is in control in the Shadowlands. The Shadow (and

o)-<

the Psyche, when the two trade places) does

—

a

feel confined by the Conduit, and cramy ed

ie if the item is small. This discomfort is psy

chic as opposed to actual, but it is keenly
felt nonetheless

The Shadow should feel free to express

its disgust and disdain for whatever Fetter is

serving as the Conduit (I'm emb

~ seen in here. You were going t

your life this hunk of junk? Of course, she's p

pid enough to believe that this glass splinter is a real dia
mond). Animal Conduits are somewhat more
comfortable, though things are still cramped. It
is at least comforting to have a prison with a body
to control, though it feel eerily alien. This feel
ing of alienation can be especially dangerous toa

Psyche suddenly shunted into an alley cat or fe

ral dog; the time adjusting to the new environ

ment can cause the Psyche to miss valu

able opportunities to reassert itself

atharsis

Catharsis for a Risen is an experi

med

ence that makes Catharsis in the
Shadowlands seem like Time Out in
nursery school. Imagine that all your

senses are suddenly cut off, and the only


Animal Conduits

Some Risen are lucky —.or inlucky
— bhoughfo-haveslivitie-Gonduite'T his
opens uplwhole new realms of mischief*for
the|Shiadewp/Any' pet owner can vouch as
to the level ofidestructiin an oxdimary aii-
mal is capable.ofsNow take that same de-
structive capacity, and put behind it a
scheming, malevolent intelligence, Even if
a Shadow in a living Conduit can't s
mon the full power of its Risen body, it can
still break valuables, run out into traffic in
hopes Of getting someone to chase it, uri-
nate dn the rijgyattack loved Ones, and gen-
erally make A Vicidus ¢pest of itself.)Th
Psyche th.turn(ha® ro spend valuable
ergy and time cleahing upafter the Shadew's
messes (literal and figurative), whith obvi:
ously distracts from her realanission.

Shadows in Risen have full control
of their animal bodies! Psyches forced
intd animal Conduits must make a Wits
+ Enigmas roll (difficulty 7) to take con-
trol |of the body with any degree of facil-
ity. If the' Psyche fails this roll, the ani-
mal will appear to be ill, and may prompt
all softs of imappropriaré Tesponses from
passersby (OF, "the poor/kitty is sick, Let's
take itito the A.SoP-G AL)

A Psyche' trapped in a living Con-
duit, ifthe Shadow decides to cut off het
sensory input, will find herself restricted
to the senses of the animal in which she
resides. This may allow her to observe
what her Shad6w's up'to, but only from a
third-person perspective:

And before anyone asks, plant Con-
duits are quite possible, but extremely silly:

thing that you can perceive is the will of your worst

enemy rushing up to overwhelm you. In
darkness you battle for control, and what
takes less than a second seems to be
stretched our into hours. Finally, if you have
lost the battle, you are overcome with the
feeling of knowing that something horrible
is about to happen, and that nothing you
can do will avert it, Sensation returns as a
splitting headache, dizziness and uncontrol
lable nausea. Then you are overcome with

the claustrophobia of being locked curled up

|

Ngee
b
= oh
—_—
—

od

ae: (a ae
FRA

au

cama It |
i

a4

=


ay jo wed 242 Ub VOLE Jaap P]-Yo Isaaysys aya ‘ApIsva 1OA0
OAPI URD OY SHUR] OY FY POH] UekD MOPeYS 9yd Voqurowio9y

*Saop ay SUIUIAL, AO Sulssans-puogos pue — JpOstary Jo jou
"UO UL Pagpul st PUAHy AY JE SuULapuoOm ApuEystios aq we
sdaieieys soqpo aya Ys spavd say sdvpd Mopeys aur jp Ut
Jas OF uIBaq ur) wrouried ‘apis \gseuen 1) RLS Aypeuosiod yds
Rr sey Puoky Maya wu De] oy Qa dno ay ul Soyo ay
siurenboe MOpEYsS 941 99UC "Uashy oy) U1 oveq staqo aya Asha
{Ub SUTEL|PUN Oy dda UBD SISIEURS) JO INog pood v ssiayyo
qa SULIOM st Uoshy oy i] *SUOISSE(] eed] Surmsand ul puey
DY UE MOPEYS 9yd SULMOT[E Jo asodand aydinis aya asf urys
opaH AW pur [doy ad»

"BULAMSUL QIQNO.N JO [Yop Todds Pp aALY Aye

AMOUL AMOS UPD SISIBYLS)

-qoad [pia aypAsg aya yeya suonasanb yo suos yyy savvy Hurya
JOMOS SI, ISH UMOp Wot Suppouy MOY IA s]pPeMy YsNoryy
IVAN AUD UAsry ‘sted LULIOU ayIPUN Gansoy a,U0C]
"Day OF MOpeYs aya doy Carunatoddo oyduue
aploud pphoys UoHeNats aya WO Jjasiay arvonaxe oO SuLA
UL aYAsg dy JO UONRUOIsUOD ay TP -"(asdsoo SULyPeM BCE
Pog Urs oy sey. UoHeZIeO7 dy OF atOD Is seY OY JUOdTUOS
YALM "WoO pag Payxaoq ee Aes) azTUTOIII JOU SaOP dys AUoAUIOS
jo Auedtuos aya ur sdeyiod sparadxeun aovjdouios jonues
sulesod ayPAsy aya dOYM suOHENyS SuIsntue yo Joquinu sue
O} Peay URI SIYT "SHOY May ASeP OYA UL paudddey aeys Furya
-Aue dogiauios yuop nod Aya Ureydxa 01 yop Adan oq Kew
1} Stpreanuou Aq papunowns are nod uayar ‘o1OULaYIIN]
doy aq O1 SULOF 1,Uoae Apso
-1Ago (ey aypAsy ayy Joy SAAT TUL apeUT sey MOpPEYS oy
Ht Apeprsnued sour aya Uaop oyddsy aya top syuatuoUr FuIsset
ARQUID ULEMIOD AWD URD SIT "sasuos Joly UtoOdy AYASG aud

HO ND O8 ssooyD UD YL "you SISIBYIRS) BAe JONUOD soyey

BEIM PIC 1 ©

"SLOTUNY JO SOUTMUIEA aYALd JO SOLUIAUA AO SATTL ae IO

MOPEYS oy Goya seus JOHIOJ J UOC]

*SRIOUIBD AILINDAS JO VUOD, UT OUUILID 8 JUD Apo eto tay YyUPD

MOpLYs oy "Apog s,uashy aya jo asaeyo ur uayy *sdogs asaya
JO OUO ASRAP IP YAY a]qno2a UE tea B95 OF Av AAT UOAUT
ue dp quit {qureqias urd mMopeys Suruuns y "yn Furpeap
ardour ined MLA AY JO Mos TeYAL INO oANBY Or dayog 4uop
OYA SAATOMAIIN PUL ‘SoAjAsMYya soar ‘storUNy-oardures
WOd ore ayqissod OF Udo Ways savvay YoryAr ‘sourdtaes Joy
Uayrastur Ayisea (49a oan Us WEA Jaquiotuod HOH IPpe Uy
"sBurag pemaEuadns wuNy Oya
spPuotw (pate AyLvkay) asoyy UoRuaU OF IOU YALA, pou
uOd ay O2 Matai fod JRadoUuL aie as9y ] "Ayquiopisuos dn uado
SOLIpIgissod at) spuepULyS at Up "Yea ous asurede ore
ayer Sondads sO Syeda fayIO aAvy OF XALMUOT UBD MOpPLYS

spurpaopeys aya uy —sqdadsng [ens aU], e

Caan &

*SUIDOY uny ous uoy "sysonbou ost]
asayl yo auo uo di MOperys oyd ayra oy oany [PP Gosry oy
491U] LO J9UOOS TEYA saIASIP YABUT aya ssuUYy sey MOpEYs oy
ury) ainds 07 tao} [1 (\ SSO] Sey AypRaOUS Uashy B leqd UAT
Rest Itsy "Aer poddes JOMOTTTTAY Sty SUTARY do ‘speou OF
Wy surop Jo BUTARS UDIMINY asooyd ol apeut ay UBD Uosty

tll

apiny sade} mopeys

OL ae) ABY uns MOPRYS by  UOSty B uWtou | is [Ayes sou opsuls ay

HO OYL
"SUPT

palpoquigd AYN UO JATIDIOYO AIDA Os]e st anbiuy 201 sq

Aye qoad SE ARC] SANG, — 9ouRNG] ARC] S,

*yeatour ay uo aseunp yuRoyiu
"Bis BUNT FUT Aypnyadoy *yanoy, payurey sawase Mopeys aya
usu "PULYSISAL Jay IOY Wu Ajqeqoad 11 Le Uashy aus os ‘ysnoue
SNONDOUUT sSulaas siya jo ayqedes \yjensn ole SMOPEYS JEYM
07 poreduios GaadMopy ‘SHol AO stiaas WUAIUT Sut wey Os adoi5
11) QAOYs B SE UOTIOR oy? Sulsinssip sdeqied Gnoge oes Joya
[Radour atuos Ono. OF UAshy aya 15 OF dis URIpPNoady sash
MOPRYS ay_p "pnd ues wopeys sty duns opty ey Hoge Uso
log SAY puB ‘ApUADII Ushy 9A UO pash Udaq lou sey Yyonoy,
parurey, voyay Aprepnonsed "aseu aq ues youa apary siyp —
young omMp-9ugQ ynoy payurey/dijg uerpnosy oy, e
senidosdde se ways Appour to aso or daay yay Spurr ut doay o1
AMOPPYS dp IO] SPL dyeds-Uashy auUOs 1B MOLI "SASSO JOU
dsoyy Joy dh ayer arya azouwr ues Apo peoisdyd & yo aouasaid
aya ang "uashy UO Pash aq JOUULD SUIOY [ UIBLIE) "Soe 1 MW peys
Squire euIpO UL UeUA sasmaurApe puk suoTeITUM] jo Is
JUDY IP PF SEY AL SOPISNUL SIT SANA] MOPLYS SUAS E LOY AY

spl] Aug

"SIBOZ MOPRYS BWASHYIOseuUL JsOUT IYI
UA IEA HUIIOUOS st avy pur — sJeop poy Awoud IssOM
MOA IU SUTYAWOS OF paUTeYS BuloY Jo UOLIRASHAy ayy pue
uautoy ‘uted yo Aquaia Ue suRAUE yp "epuade aya Uo JOU st
SpurpuTys aya Ur aya e uy padden oxdads ev sulag pro, aya
joo dvod OyLst SUIAUL UEYL OUT SJUBM MOPRYS Iya suru
duo dy ‘oYyodsy ay) Jo UONepessap arajdutos aya woay wede
JO} PAUIIIUOD St MOPLYS AYA SE Mey se 9ULODINO a]QIssod Fs1OMN
DY! SE SIU, "UOLATIYC Aq paquosqe Ajayapduos st ayrdsg atpa
aptyay ‘Appeuosiod Jenoads & se suretuas MOpeYys aya ‘uones
-vdas Aq padonsap st Uashy 8 JO Apog ay daaquay Ay "UOLALTGC)
Jo aovad ayi MOUY J9A\0U TLL MOpLYS ays ‘padousoap oq O12
Apog aya toy YsNous Bug] Apog aqd Woy paresedds st ainpuosy
oY dy] suoneaudas ploav SMOPeYS HOSRAd JOO ayd OF posed
-WOD ATPROTUYIAI [JEWS B st susOY_P ash Oa Agpgeur ayy
*BUO] Joy suodeaw ISG SU JO SSO] SYA Olesayor OF BULA
ST pura TYSL si yO INO tO UL MOpPRYS ON ‘SusoY [O01 ssaroe
suey JABUOT Ou MOpEYs 94a ( Wysts JO OUT] UL tO WOOs Stes oy
urgat M) Anuxoud JO INO aie Apo pue MUNPUor your aug) ‘siya
Joy SuOsraL OA ate ALDdY [ "Apoq oy) Waody UOLededas Jo ae
"WEP PLOAL OF Jomod sii ut oultpAlo AY OP es ul MNPUo? ) ay
UL SE MOpeYS oy Udy AsiMayiT "ured apyereoqun asnes 7 aq
pjhoar os op O1 Hinpuory ay? tod) UOHeEdas aye19]01 40 AOMsap
JOU [[IMW dl Apo aya yo jowu06s ul st MOPRYS oA UY A\
"sony Apes Ady doAguayM suoLLstos
fo ysna SUIAPLIOY siya sauatisdxa SYSAS pur MOPPYS log
JONUoS UTeHII OF NOA sMOT[L PUL sada oquinu dasoddo InoA
JHUN Ueto! TIA NEA MOY st YOryM ‘qour ue UeY aroul Apog
ANOA Jo vied Aue aaouw you ued NOA wy jpeuus os uostid & ut


Psyche will have the rest of the group reaching for the heavy
artillery in anticipation of a round of Catharsis that's not ac-
tually happening. This can lead to loads oft the fun, as the
Psyche gets frustrated with his companions' distrust, which
creates negative emotions, which feeds the Shadow, who takes
over and Starts the whole blissful proc CSS all over again.

When the Shadow Comes out to Play

Girls and boys come out to play

The moon doth shine as bright as day

Come with a whoop and come with a call

Come with a good will or not at all

nursery ft hy me

When a Risen's Shadow wins a Catharsis roll it has ae-
cess to something that makes being cramped into the Con-
duit worth it: a nearly indestructible body,

A Shadow's first priority upon gaining use of the body is to
undermine everything the Psyche has been doing, A Shadow can
try to make enemies of whatever mortal friends the Psyche has
made, or otherwise undermine the Psyche's credibility by smash-
ing things, committing acts of violence and the like. Mortals are
unlikely to he able to distinguish between the Shadow and the
Psyche in the Risen's body, which makes causing mortals to lose
confidence ina Risen companion fairly easy to do. Nonwraiths
are unlikely to understand the Risen's erratic behavior, and their
natural reaction will be not to trust the Risen at all.

Often subverting the Psyche's plans will go hand in hand with
pursuing Dark Passions, but if there's no overlap, Dark Passions are
next on the list. I lay Inga i dy should make these easter to fulfill,
particularly those relating to destruction, pain and sadism.

It the Shadow for some reason Cannot act to either sabo-
tage the Psyche or pursue Dark Passions, another favorite pas-
time is dragging others down into Oblivion. Being a Risen
presents an entirely new target audience for this little enter-
tainment: the living. Inducing suicide is top on the list for
style points. Fostering despair, drug addiction, and derange-
ment is also to be encouraged. These are things a Shadow can

do from the Shadowlands, but its much easier if you're a mem-

ber one of the walking dead since you can't be rationalized

away. Anything from "helpful" conversations with the d

pressed to senseless random violence can fulfill this type of
Mission.

Remember, though, it's for their own good. The sooner they
die sad and lonely deaths, the sooner they will be claimed by Oblivion
and all their pain will cease.

— The Shadow of Armand Malthus, Risen of Antwerp,
Belgium

A Risen Shadow with no other means of amusement can
always resort to mayhem. Risen are very good at this, and any
self-respecting Risen can do more damage that a gang of bik-
ers on PCP. Feel free to burn, loot, pillage, maim and defile.
Keep in mind that sooner of later someone will send in the
police, or if he's intelligent, a SWAT team, so it's good to
remember to leave yourself.an escape route. You should not
let this pastime eliminate an future chances of proving the
Psyche wrong or pursuing Dark Passions. After all, if you get
brought down just for trashing a single tenement, it removes
your opportunity to do.a hell of a lot worse later on.

Shadow Serendipity

Keep in mind that Shadows have access to the same
Arcanoi as the Psyche. This means that if the Psyche has Ser-
endipity, the Shadow may also use that Arcanos when it is in
control of the body. This means that the Shadow can arrange
to run into people connected with the wraith's Fetters, which
could be very useful in setting the Psyche up for a fall. After
all, ifa Risen has the Passion Declare My Love to My Family
(Love) 3 and the Shadow finds them first, the well could very
well be poisoned for any future visits.

Or the Shadow could simply find people important to
the wraith and kill or maim them. It saves those messy argu-
ments later on.

Rules Not

locate people or places associated with the Psyche Passions

The Shadow may not use this Areanos to

unless they are also associated with the Shadow's Dark Pas-
sions, since this Areanos is tuned to Dark Passions when the
Shadow is in control.


= S : Rs u So eo SS Pe =>, —— as
= Sy Seed EU: © Pedal IS Senien as if (\ ee Bi aie tas 4 (ONS

Chapter five

The Lighter Side

4 The third stage consists of answering a single question: Who,
Fi 0) On really, was acting in stage two?
— Pardoner Lyle Van Arne, The Tomes of Golden Light,
"Appendix" (1984)
me) his thought experiment has three stages. First, f
I} imagine yourself in some stressful situation The li her Self
|| where you lose your temper, succumb to temp- 4

tation or otherwise lose composure. Could it Rouse thyself! Do not be idle! Follow the law of virtue! The

4) be an argument with your spouse or parents — virtuous rest in bliss in this world and in the next
about pastimes or profession? A stupid order

; The Dhammapada
TOM Your Doss, OF Someone cuttmMg you off m
a f Pes you off Just as each living person has a dark side, so do we all
traffic? Picture it all the way through: your anger, your reaction
: have aspects of basic decency and wisdom, small inner voices
i

(Screaming? Seething resentment? Violence?) and the unpleasant
¥ rn that can guide us should we choose to listen. In the traumatic
consequences of your behavior. That's stage one. :

transition to the Shadowlands, most wraiths lose track of this

Next, think of some person you respect deeply because af their

voice, but a rare few remain sensitive to the higher self the
wisdom, maturity and compassion. It might be a treasured friend,

A Eidolon.
mentor, or even figures like Jesus, the Buddha or Mother Theresa :
T hough all wraiths like all humans — hav e this spirt-
Imagine that person in exactly the same situation you envisioned
7 e 4 tual potential, few have the Vision and fortitude necessary to
before, where you reacted with anger. Carefully picture that person's 7 ‘
: as tap into it, Willpower can only resist the Shadow for so long;

different response: calm, enlightened, constructive. That's the sec-
at some point, one needs the extra Vision, the unremittingly
ond stage
honest yet balanced self-perception and strength of character


that the Eidolon represents. Without it, a wraith is threat-
ened continually by her Shadow's cunning.

Whereas all wraiths recognize the existence of the
Shadow and often speculate about the nature of Transcen-
dence, many perhaps most — among the Restless have
never heard of the Eidolon, Of those who have, many doubr
its existence. Most Restless exist in a world battered by the
whirlwind ot their Shadows' whims. They are bound up in
the concerns of the moment — how to protect a favorite relic
from this Hierarch, preventing that Heretic from gossiping
about an affair, keeping out of the path ot Renegade slavers.
In the midst of the joys and crises of everyday life, the Eidolon
seems about as real and significant as a Ouija board.

To its few believers, the Eidolon represents a stabilizing force

against the Shadow's dark tide. An even smaller group sees it as
something active, a guide to Transcendence. Students of Tran-
scendence use "the Eidolon" (as well as "the eternal flame," "the
Matrix," "the inner light" and so on) to refer to a complex of
positive traits listed in the multivolume Tomes of Golden Light.
They list eight "Eidolon virtues" said to be useful to aspirants
toward perfection: compassion, courage, creativity, honesty, hope,
humor, love, self-acceptance and wisdom.

But those who heed the Eidolon think of it as something
more engaging, more alive (as it were) than a mere moral doc-
trine. The inner voice speaks in the present. Its advice is based
hot on a rote menu of virtues or commandments, bur ona clear,
compassionate view of the wraith's current situation.

For instance, even a Heretic can understand, at least in-
tellectually, that not all servants of the Hierarchy deserve
hatred and contempt. But in a confrontation with Hierarch
recruiters who seek to exploit Enfants new to the Shadowlands,
the ordinary Heretic may feel hatred. If pointedly reminded
of the "Eidolon virtues," this same wraith may grudgingly try
to treat the Hierarchs with compassion — yet inwardly he
seethes. In contrast, a wraith who heeds her Eidolon can feel
this compassion for Enfants and Hierarchs alike, spontane-
ously and without inward gnawing.

An optimistic (though untested) theory among some
Restless scholars has it that the Eidolon works just as much as
the Shadow in the wraith's everyday existence. When the
Shadow takes oyer completely, the wraith succumbs to
Oblivion and hecomes a Spectre; by the same token, when
wraith and Eidolon merge completely, the wraith experiences
Transcendence — or at least is that much better prepared for
Transcendence.

Speaking in Stillness

Yet the inner voice is quiet indeed. The Shadow thrusts

itself upon its victim in every moment of weakness, but the
Eidolon speaks only to those who listen carefully. It is not
weak, only demure, awaiting the quiet moment away from
the bustle of unlife.

Shadow Players Guide

OO
me Lae ‘|
Se

In a crisis, when the Shadow threatens to take over, a

panicking wraith senses the higher voice only asa nagging,

necdling stab of conscience. Even in stress-free situations, a
listener seeking guidance may feel a sense of rightness about
one particular course of action. In Shadow and Light, one of
the high-flown dreamverse plays of Sandman Lorenzo, a char-
acter speaks of "the feathery touch at the small of the back,
from the silent guide who points along the path."

Most of the Restless have little time to heed the quiet
voice of the Eidolon during their busy days. When a wraith
senses the need for the Eidolon, she must struggle to hear it.
She must fight not only through her own apathy and dark
impulses, but also through the numerous distractions that
cloud her mind constantly.

for Example

A typical monologue dramatizing this quandary

Should T tell him he's a jerk?

No, what do I care? — he is a jerk, after all, and I'm
not going to change things. On the other hand, who cares if
the truth facrts?

He's a big boy; if he can't handle it, there's no way
he's going to change, and he certainly won't if say noth-
ing.

Remember that time when he pinched you in front of
the, @ircle? You got so mad!

[External event: Character,bumps hard into some-
one on the sidewalk]

Hey! Watch.where you're going, jerk!

Damn ‘em all. They should be melted into keychains

...And so forth: The mind is so busy talking to it-
self that it couldn't hearthe Eidolon over a PA system.

The Eidolon background (Wraith: The Oblivion Second
Edition, page 129) represents your character's conscience with
dice that help him resist the Shadow's siren call. Higher Eidolon
ratings not only help you resist the Shadow, but may occasionally
show you how to prevent the Shadow's emergence in the first
place. By understanding the nature of the Eidolon's resistance,
both Shadowguide and Storyteller can help dramatize its aid

At her discretion, a Storyteller may also wish to adopt

the systems offered in this section. These emphasize the po-
larity between darkness and light — Shadow and Psyche

in the Chronicle.

Fidolons in the Chronticle

The Eidolon is a part of some wraiths, just as the Shadow
isa part of every wraith. But the higher self, unlike the Shadow,
does not beckon. No Passion drives it; if anything, ir repre-


sents a state free of all Passions. (After all, Passions are essen-
tially emotional Fetters driving the Restless to remain wraiths,
rather than to pass on to Transcendence.) No player controls
the Eidolon, and it has no game statistics except the Back
ground rating. Never controlling its subject, the Eidolon ap-
pears content to observe, whether the wraith is rising toward
Transcendence or descending to Oblivion.

However, unlike the Shadow, the Eidolon can never be sup-
pressed. For the wraith who honestly seeks its guidance, it is al-
ways there. A botched Eidolon roll does not mean that the
Eidolon is absenr or negligent, but thar the wraith does not sin-
cerely seek wise advice. (Even the most depraved wraith among
the Restless may have an Eidolon. He just never listens to it.)

System: The Eidolon does not have a separate Arche-
type as does the Shadow. Instead, the Eidolon is an idealized
actualization — or in some cases, a true indication — of the
wraith's Nature, which a fortunate wraith may glimpse in a
dream or vision. The player and Storyteller decide the
Eidolon's Nature together, then inform the Shadowguide.
After all, the Shadow should know its enemy

This Nature can serve more than the needs of the cur-

rent Chronicle; it offers a road map for your character's long-
term development. Remember, each Eidolon represents its
particular character's spiritual potential. The number of dots
in the Eidolon Background can show the wraith''s degree of

spiritual maturity. By this standard, a character who reaches

mh

Eidolon 3 has reached full maturity, (For further use of this 4

idea, see "Reeognitions.")

Fidolon Archetypes

Here are suggestions for Eidolon versions of the arche-
types given in Wraith: The Oblivion Second Edition. Many
other versions are possible, so adjust these to suit your needs
and those of the Chronicle.

Architect: No longer driven by egotism or yearning, the
Eidolon creates selflessly, taking satisfaction in existing accom
plishments and in the achievements of humanity as a whole.

Avant-Garde, Explorer, Gambler: The Eidolon has
achieved a secure satisfaction with its own current nature,
free from craving novelty.

Bon Vivant: The Eidolon still enjoys the delights of ex
istence — bur with a clear insight into the fruitlessness of
transitory sensory gratification. It rejoices in every kind of
ple Isant sensation, Hot only those enjoyed To excess; It en
dures unpleasant sensations with detachment

Bravo: Having confronted the insecurities that prompted
your bullying, the Eidolon feels compassion for those it once
tormented. In the Eidolon, this Nature has given way to an-
other of your choice.

Bureaucrat: The Eidolon has helped you overcome your

dependence on the sheltering illusion of the System. It uses


the orderly strength of bureaucracy as an advantage against
Oblivion, but it is not mindlessly devored to proper proce
lure

Caregiver: The Eidolon's basic Narure is unchanged, but
it clearly sees when aid to the unfortunate is practical and
realistic. Sometimes a victim wants no help, or genuine help
is impossible to offer; the Eidolon recognizes these situations
with sadness bur withour anguish

Child: The Eidolon has matured emotionally and taken
on another Nature of your choice

Conniver: The Eidolon, understanding the need for per
sonal responsibility, has raken on another Nature of your
choice

Critic: A healthy assessment of virtues and flaws is viral
to the examined existence, but the Eidolon realizes that per
fecrionist zeal hinders wisdom. The higher self, though mori
vated by the quest for excellence, tolerates imperfection in
itself and others

Follower: No longer silenced by fear, the Eidolon grants
you courage to speak up when disaster looms. It takes initia-
tive during crises and accepts responsibility for its decisions.

Jester: The humorist's higher self is not driven by a neu
rotic aversion to suffering. It has freely experienced both joy
ind pain, and its wit has deepened and matured

Leader: By allowing dialogue with its followers, the
Eidolon acknowledges the need for others' growth and helps
you achieve humility. Your sense of responsibility has deep
ened to accept fallibiliry

Martyr, Rebel: The Eidolons for these Natures depend
on your motivations. Each Nature has its noble, mature side,
necessitating little change in the Eidolon. But each also has a
neurotic, adolescent version driven by selfish egotism, and in
these cases the Eidolon has overcome the neurosis, accepted
the failings that prompted it and taken on another Nature

Mediator: Sometimes, especially with the forces of
Oblivion, mediation isn't possible. The Eidolon has helped
you accept this truism, overcome the impulse of self-blame,
embrace a less static view of self and find the courage to face
conflict without compromise

Scientist: The Eidolon recognizes that logic and deduction
can lead to a bloodless view of existence. It has overcome the
simple impulses to compartmentalize and reduce, and it now
combines these with the instinets of compassion and heart

Survivor: Combining vitality with inner peace, the
Eidolon has moved beyond simple survival to larger issues. It
has taken on another Nature of your choice.

Traditionalist: This Eidolon has accepted that all exist
ence is a ceaseless play of change and has taken on another
Nature of your choice

Visionary: This Eidolon is little changed but firmly grounded
in practical existence. Ip has achieved or foreseen the culmina-

tion of its quest, the point where it can be content.

Shadow Players Guide

eS So i


Gleanings

The only tyrant [accept in this world is the still voice within.

— Mahatma Gandhi

A Gleaning is a single clue or insight that the Eidolon
yrants a character in a specific crisis.

How can a wraith gain guidance from the inner voice?
It's a difficult task; as explained previously, it's a struggle to
push away the myriad voices of the selfand the external world,
and to hear the one voice that resists your dark impulses. Still,
if you try hard, you can get advice from the inner voice dur-
ing dramatic circumstances. This advice is called a Gleaning.

System: In dangerous situations, when much hinges on
the right decision even (perhaps especially) when the
Shadow is dominant — you may risk a Gleaning. After you
indicate your interest, the Storyteller decides when and
whether a Gleaning is appropriate. Then, based on your
tly determines the lev el

Eidolon rating, the Storyteller seer
of benefit you can gain. Advice can range from Eidolon L's
generalized "I've got a bad feeling about this," to Eidolon 5's
specific reasoning and prediction: "Avoid this because X will
happen if you don't." Other benefits are listed helow.

Without the Eidolon Background, you can't experience
a Gleaning. You simply don't have the faith and concentra-
tion it takes to hear the Eidolon's voice.

In order to receive the benefits of a Gleaning, you must
gamble on your faith. Jaded and busy with life, you struggle
psychologically against to take that leap of faith ("Should |
believe this crap?"); you gamble with your sensitivity to fur-
ther Gleanings.

System: Spend a Willpower point to make a Gleaning
roll (Wits + Meditation). The Gleaning's difficulty depends
on the circumstances. Heeding the Eidolon while imprisoned
in the deepest dungeon of Stygia with no distractions is diffi-
culty 6; listening while facing down a Legionnaire is ditfi-
culty 7. In combat or during a Harrowing, the difficulty is 9.

If you botch the Gleaning, then roll your Eidolon Dice
against difficulty 6. If this second roll succeeds, you gain noth-
ing, but neither do you lose ("I must work on my medita-
tion"). Ifyou fail the second roll, you forfeit a level of Eidolon
("Pah! Remember what happened last time | believed this
idiocy!") for the duration of the session.

But ifthe Gleaning succeeds, you may feel a sense of high
purpose and see the nature of the situation clearly. This may
indicate possible solutions to the crisis, ways to defuse hos-
tilities, or a game effect such as one of the following
(Storyteller's discretion as to which is appropriate):

© Reduce your temporary Angst rating by 1.

e Add the dice of your Eidolon rating to all Social
Attribute rolls related to the immediate crisis. For example,
with Eidolon 3, you could add three dice to your Manipula-

tion + Etiquette roll to convince a Ferryman to take you and
your companions to the Far Shores.

© The difficulty of rolls involving Awareness, Empa-
thy, Expression or other qualities relevant to the situation may
he reduced by your Eidolon rating (minimum difficulty 4).
The Eidolon's compassionate nature is such thar ir cannot
improve Intimidation, Subterfuge or similar rolls.

© = Subtract your Eidolon rating from the difficulty of
rolls against Passions to regain Pathos. This applies only to
Passions that are, in the Sroryteller's judgment, characteristic
of the higher self — positive virtues such as compassion, cour

age, wisdom and others like the "Eidolon virtues."

¢ = Depending on circumstances, the Eidolon's influence
may help you resist a Spectre's ability to numb your Passions
or rend your Fetters. Add your Eidolon rating to Willpower
for purposes of resisting the Spectre's influence.

However, all Gleaning game effects depend entirely on
your intent. Only worthy and noble intents (as judged by the
Storyteller) carn the Gleaning bonus. The bonus might be
appropriate fora Pardoner trying to cast out Spectres from an

orphanage, but not for a Harbinger using Oubliette to cast a

minor adversary into the Tempest.

The Storyteller can judge the applicability of the bonus
by performing the same thought experiment that began this
chapter. Ifa wise figure were acting in the wraith's place, would
that person take similar action? If so, it merits the Gleaning
bonus.

R ti
A Recognition refers toa powerful vision the Eidolon may

grant a character, Unlike a Gleaning, this rare experience

bestows no specific clues and does not relate to the wraith's

immediate situation, but instead indicates character deve

opment on a larger scale. Ina chronicle, the vision may serve

as an adventure hook. In game terms, a Recognition gives the

Storyteller a narrative device to increase — or deer
character's Eidolon Background.

Whereas a Gleaning gives you a sense of correct action
in the current crisis, a Recognition offers valuable insights
about your personality and your whole afterlife. With this cl

vision, you see your goal. Even in death, you can find the

right Way to live.

The Shadow wants power, and to this end it prepares
nightmarish Harrowings for its victim. The Eidolon wants
nothing and ordinarily prepares nothing. Srill, it will always
guide when asked; it's just your struggle to obtain that boon.
When you diligently heed the inner voice, the Eidolon may
grant a dramatic vision or experience — a Recognition.

Any wraith with an Eidolon rating can experience a Rec-
ognition. In fact, Recognitions represent a typical path for
gaining additional levels in the Eidolon Background. They

Chapter Five: The Lighter Side 121

take a long time to achieve and require a great deal of effort

The higher the Eidolon rating, the harder the roleplaying (the

teller should require this above all else) and the more

experience points needed

Storytelling

\ ‘ When should you, as the Storyteller, allow a character to

\ Wa¥Y experience a Recognition? Only when, in your judgment, the
X } player's roleplaying is clearly evolving to match the Eidolon's
\ Nature (see "Eidolon Archetypes" above), Asa practical mat

‘io ter, the vision works best at the beginning or climax of a
©) 6
1) & 3
chronick
Ar the beginning of a narrative, a Recognition can morivate
the wraith roward some concrete goal that initiates the action. For

instance, the Chanteur Stephen Raleigh, whose Eidolon is the cul

il Shadow Players Guide

' Byperience and Eidolon
, ‘Ohiaifing niewlevelsofEidglén by means of adRecog-
SeLeosts two times ayfaith's current Eidoloft level in

experience poitits, in addition tosome extensive roleplaying
> and the permissign'obthe Storytellers Wraiths who dé not

have Eidolonsbtt wish to"obtainfit must pay four/éxperi-
ence points.to fo through thé Recognition progésg!
Recognitions are of course optional; ir iS eminently pote

sible for a wraith-to advanice in Eidolon withoyt the benefit

of Onesilihieinitial cost for obtaining Eidolortsstillfoun Buk
to advance further requires three-times the curreiié ratings


ar
rf

: see ges — > - ;

Sera

mination of his Architect Nature, sees a puzzling vision of his ideal-
ized self fortifying the walls of Necropolis New York against the

ig tech-

onslaughts of Lower Bay Spectres without using soulforg

nology. In this vision, he cultivates relations with a fennel-sword-
carrying Benandanre who entrusts him with her defensive arts in
exchange for protection. When the vision ends, Raleigh gathers
his Circle and begins to infiltrate the Hierarchy for Purposes of po-
sitioning his allies and gaining information about the Benandanre.

At the climax of a chronicle, the Recognition vision
should bring a charac ter insight worthy of the obstacles she
has faced during the story. The event thar triggers the Recog-
nition should be the wraith's victory over (or defear by) some
existence-threatening danger, the successful solution to a
Harrowing, or some other crucial point. If more than one
member of the Circle has the Eidolon Background, there ex-
ists the possibility of simultaneous Recognitions (each tai-
lored to the indiv idual wraith), but unless handled carefully,
this can dilute each vision's impact.

Recognition Systems

| he Recognition vision is typically brief and

fequires No choices from the player. It Is
qualitatively different from a Harrowing,
cannot imitate the vision.

| and the Shadow
The wraith always feels the authenticity
of the Recognition asa sense of intangible
rightness; no forgery is possible.

The Storyteller tailors the vision to the character's Nature
and to her spiritual progress thus far. Recognitions take place in
several distinet stages, keyed to the character's Eidolon rating. A
character with Eidolon | receives a vision characteristic of the

Eidolon 1 section described helow, and so on. A sample pro:

sion of stages appears below; many others are possible,

Each vision indicates a spiritual path the wraith may fol-
low, such as the cultivation of compassion for enemies, or a
task to complete, such as the search fora mentor. If the wraith
fulfills the task or modifies her behavior to match the indi-
cated path, then at the end of the story, the Storyteller may
increase the character's Eidolon Background by 1. If the char-
acter refuses the path or the task, or deviates significantly from
the Eidolon's Nature, the Storyteller may decide instead to
reduce the Background rating.

No character should experience a Recognition vision more
than once per story, except under extraordinary cireumstances.

Stages of Recognition

Here are six typical stages of Recognition that mark and
guide a wraith's evolution as her spiritual porential grows. Not

every stage requires a vision, nor does each vision inevitably lead

S m im
Ki, AN ya ge Xen: bey —
one ui (| }, rik et CY

toan increase in the Eidolon rating. The Storyteller may drop or
add stages, adapting this scheme to the needs of the chronicle.

No Eidolon

Without an Eidolon rating, you are subject to the vagar-
ies of your Shadow's schemes. You have a conscience — you
usually know what feels right — but you don't always have
the strength to pursue it, You lack spiritual wisdom; your
Shadow finds it relariv ely easy to trick you, whether through
outright lies, sophistry or just apathy.

In this stare, Willpower is your only defense, You have
stumbled onro a sense of right and wrong, and hy god, you're 2O-
ing to defend it. Still, you lack vision and self-analysis, which are
key to your long-term defenses should you be low on Willpower.

How do you gain such vision? That's up to you and the
Storyteller to decide, but try these guidelines: Devise a long-
rerm plan to resist your Shadow, perhaps by taking an oath to
avoid some difficult, chronic temptation or by studying medi-
tation under a master — perhaps even by learning to accept
the dark side of yourself without indulging it. The difficulty
lies in training your mind, the way you housetrain a puppy.
Gently correct the puppy, bring it back to the paper when it
poops in the wrong place, and pretty soon it will learn. The
minds training period requires some roleplaying, probably best
scattered throughout the duration ola larger story. After you
follow this plan fora while, the Storyteller determines if your
character can experience a Recognition that, with roleplaying
and the expenditure of 4 experience points, will allow you to
gain Eidolon 1.

Fidolon |: Awareness

With a single level in the Eidolon Background, your Recog-
nition vision grants an awareness of a central spiritual reality of
humanity thar Is undeniable, desirable and elusiy e. It takes the
character our of himself, even briefly, and opens him to percep-
tion of other souls' pain and joy being as real as his own.

Always present is a calmness and peace that inspires you
to examine and manifest your true Nature. If, for instance,
your Nature makes you prone to seek Transcendence, you find
the inspiration to go ahead and do so. Conversely, you may
try to cultivate your virtues to fight more heartily against your
Shadow. If the vision conv Cys it task, you may change your
entire pattern of existence to fulfill this new mission. With
the Storyteller's approval, you may adjust your Passions ac-
cordingly. However, Fetters should never change asa result of

a Recognition.

Fidolon 2: Seeking the Path

At the second rank of the Eidolon Background, the Rec-
ognition typically compels you to seek a teacher. This may be
a Mentor (in game terms), a wise old Gaunt who befriends

Chapter Five: The Lighter Side 123


you, or another source of wisdom — perhaps even a mortal or
an embodied Eidolon, although this is rare. The vision may
identify a particular teacher, or it may only convey a sense of
the large spiritual territory waiting to be explored and the
necessity for a guide,

The quest for an ideal teacher makes a good story. Poten-
tial teachers may test you with tasks or problems, and In re-
turn you must determine whether the teacher is suitable; There
may be interesting complications; for instance, the teacher
may still be among the Quick. Bur once you find a teacher
and begin study, the training itself is best left to the "offstage"
time herween stories.

Usually a wraith who heeds the inner voice can find a
teacher Ww ho otters genuine and valuable advice. Because of
this, the student may come to idolize the teacher subeon-

sciously, and to staunchly rely on the doctrine he teaches.

Fidolon 3: Mission

Ar the third rank, the Eidolon begins to instill a sense of
destiny. Your next Recognition usually inspires strong moti-
vation to undertake a great task, the seeming culmination of
your Nature. The vision shows a well-defined but rocky path.
This typically calls for sacrifices of material wealth, treasured
possessions and even friendships that retard your progress.

Having completed your early studies, you may now sce
your former teacher more realistically, asa human with ordi-
nary failings — or, disillusioned, you may believe the teacher
to be corrupr. Lessons learned still remain strong, though you

are breaking away and learning to act for yourself

Fidolon 4: Plunge into Doubt

Those who travel the Eidolon's path agree that it holds
many perils. The greatest of these is self-doubt.

Whether your plans fail (this sometimes happens) or your
theories collapse in the face of reality (this always happens), you
experience a dramatic setback. You may question the value of your
mission, and sometimes of your whole existence. You may become
convinced thar the Eidolon has deserted you, or worse, that it was
At this time of besetting doubr,
you become vulnerable to a clever Shadow's insidious wiles.

a tool of the Shadow all along,

During this passage through blackness, this "long dark
night of the soul," you may think the Eidolon is absent. De-
spairing, you may endure a particularly brutal Harrowing at
the hands of the Shadow. Even the player may be convinced
thar her character is done for. Butat that moment (if it comes)
when you turn loose of fear and accept your dark side, that is
when the Eidolon may appear at last, resurgent, with a releas-
ing and revitalizing Recognition.

Ar that point, you begin to understand the nature of your
path's final le

gths. Having sacrificed the outward trappings
of your afterlife to follow your higher Nature, you see that

124 Shadow Players Guide

you must make the greatest sacrifice: your Nature itself. You
begin to realize that your potential is unlimited, stretching
beyond the hounds of the doctrines that have earried you this
far, The most insidious of these static instinets is the sense of
self-preservation, which encourages fear. You learn that you
can overcome even this most basic fear, though (because of
your innate creativity) you never sacrifice yourself needlessly

nor senselessly.

Fidolon 5: Serenity

At this final stage (Or is it2), you act in accord with the
Eidolon almost all the time — not because you hear the inner
voice more often, but because you've grown to match it, and
you act instinctively as ir would, You extend compassion to
all beings equally, friend and foe.

At Eidolon 5 (depending on the goals of your character),
you may be prepared to make the last steps toward Transcen-
dence, With some effort, you see whether, when and how to
resolve your Passions and Fetters. At this stage, you're closer
than ever before to Transcendence, assuming it really exists
(see "Transcendence" in Wraith: The Oblivion Second Edi-
tion), On the other hand, you may not wish to stop playing
the character. You may like the idea of helping others fight
their Shadows. You might desire additional wisdom from Fer-
rymen or strange Gaunts throughout the Shadowlands.

Your biggest enemy at this stage is complacency, With-
out fear for yourself, you tisk apathy and the folly of underes-
timating your Shadow''s cunning. At this point, where you
might be banking on Transcendence or on your v alue to other
wraiths, your Shadow can confront you with unfinished busi-
ness. It is the Shadow's one last grasp at dominance, and as a

i sult, confrontations at this stage between you and your
Shadow are the stuff of legends. Some speculate that Charon
and Gorool were acting out this very drama before the eyes of
the Underworld when they descended into the whirlpool.

Castigation

And Jacob was left alone; and thefe wrestled a man with him
until the breaking of the diy... And he said, Let me go, for the day
breaketh. And he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless me.

— Genesis, Chapter 33; 24, 26
—— he process of Castigation results in the

9 i reduction of a Shadow's Angst, thus weak-
yi) ening it and sometimes bringing the
i] <

| wraith back from the edge of Oblivion or
4 ~ "

Spectrehood. The experience is not a
pleasant one for either Shadow or Psyche
Like medicine, the worse it tastes, the
"better" Castigation is for you. Most Shadows fear Castig

~—»e-


tion the way Psyches fear Harrowings; the comparison is not
in idle one. Whatever form Castigations take, they force
Shadows to confront themselves, peeling away the lies with
which Shadows cloak themselves and revealing the raw ha-
tred that simmers within their hearts. Like the emperor sud
denly denuded of his illusionary clothing, the Shadow stands
exposed before the unrelenting mirror of its Castigator's con-
tempt

Many wraiths seek voluntary Castigation in order to re-
duce their Angst and weaken their Shadows. Naturally, Shad-
ows work to convince their Psyches that such drastic mea
sures are not needed. Sometimes the fear of Castigation will
drive a Shadow into temporary retreat in an attempr to fool
the Psyche into believing that the heinous act of confession
ind purgation is unnecessary. Occasionally, this ploy sueceeds
When it doesn't, however, the Shadow undergoes a prolonged

and often painful ordeal

An inside Look at Castigation

"Come out of hiding and stand before me, you pitiful excuse
for a Spectral wannabe!" The Pardoner's voice jerked Elyse's
Shadow into awareness. Feebly it tried to pretend it couldn't hear
the torturer's demands, but the inexorable mockery of the Guilds-
man forced it to respond. With a sound halfway between a sigh

anda sub, the Shadow stood before its confessor, "Haven't we met

the Pardoner asked, his voice silky soft, almost cajoling

the Shadow nodded, "You think you're some kind of
hotshot director, don't you?"

before?"
Glunly
Phe Shadow attempted a defiant stare
and failed as the pardoner glared implacably at his victim. "An
swer me!" The pardoner's voice cracked like a whip. The Shadou
felt the lashing words cutting into it, mppmg a response from tt
"Yes!" The Shadow screamed. "Allow me to show you what a
director is really like. Let's see how well you dance to my com
mands. And remember, this is only Act One, Scene One. Oh, did
I tell you that this will not be a comedy?" Elyse's Shadow moaned
steeling itself for the agony to follow
From the Shadow's point of view, Castigation ranks some

where between a jaunt ina medieval torture room and under
going the amputation of a limb without the benefit of anes
thesia. Being forced to surrender any part of its treasured sup
ply of Angst causes extreme suffering to the Shadow. This is
because the Shadow gains its strength from Angst, literally
building its own substance from it. Ripping Angst from the
Shadow is like grasping handfuls of the Shadow's body and
tearing bleeding pieces out of it. Aside from the pain involved,
this loss causes weakness as the Shadow's lifeblood (Angst)

leaks from its wounds, leaving it no reserves to fight against

the wony
In addition, the Shadow discovers, at least for the dura-
tion of the Castigation process, its own culpability in incur

ring the punishments involved in purification. Not only is


the Shadow tortured, but it is forced to admit thar its actions
brought the session on. As if this were not enough, at some
point during the process, the Shadow comes face-to-face with
the knowledge that its actions have damayed no one more
than itself. For thar brief moment, the Shadow stands naked
in the glaring realization that it is consigning itself to Oblivion
along with the Psyche, and thar it will be erased from exist
ence at the very moment its Psyche ceases to exist

Still, somewhere inside itself every Shadow knows that
it can never be utterly destroyed by Castigation. There are
several limits on what a confessor can achieve when purging
the Shadow. First, each point of Angst carved from the Shadow
is accompanied by a point of the Psyche's temporary Corpus
Thus, the Psyche also suffers some of the torment. Further,
the Castigator dare not go so far that she uses up all the wraith's
temporary Corpus lest she send the Psyche into a Harrowing.

In addition, if the Shadow were ever to be completely
overthrown, the wraith would Transcend on the spot, so Cas-
tigation can only affect temporary Angst, assuring that at least
one point of permanent Angst will remain after even the most
complete Castigation (at least so long as the wraith still has
unresolved Fetters and Passions). The Shadow knows quite
well that even ifa session with a Pardoner leaves it as noth-
ing more than a whispered thought, in time it will grow and
become strong once again. Thus, while it bows to the purga-
tion and becomes quiescent fora while, the Shadow will al-
ways plot its eventual return to power. That knowledge may
be what allows the Shadow to survive the ordeal, whether it

emerges more or less lucid than before

Roleplaying the Castigated

Imagine hav ing your tANerMost secrets, Meanest the sughts
and most perverse fantasies exposed to the jeers of a profes-
sional tormentor while you, yourself, stand helpless to pre-
vent it. Consider what ir is like trying to hide those rhoughts
while screaming from an agony comparable to being slowly
immersed m molten metal. Now realize that you ty ited suc h
treatment through your own reckless actions. This is the di-
lemma Shadows in the throes of Castigation face.

The opportunities for roleplaying presented by a Casti
gation session provide a chance for intense interaction be-
tween Storyteller and Shadowguide. Some players (and some
Storytellers) may prefer simply to make the rolls, avoiding
engaging in actual dialogue or descriptions of the Shadows
torment at the hands of the Castigator. Others may choose to
utilize the drama inherent in Castigation, roleplaying the in-
terchanges between tormentor and tormented

In most eases, the Shadowguide, rather than the wraith's
player, should at least share center stage during Castigation
Because the Shadowguide is privy to the secrets of the Shadow,
she is more likely to react convincingly and appropriarely.
After all, the wraith character wants the Castigation to suc-

126 Shadow Players Guide

ceed and might not oppose the procedure as vehemently as
her Shadow would. Besides, the Psyche also suffers loss of tem-
porary Corpus from Castigation and will need not only to
roleplay her reactions to the purgation of her Shadow bur
also her cooperation with the Castigator

Ideally, Castigation should involve a menage d trois in which
the Storyteller (or another player) enacts the part of the Castigator,
the Shadowguide takes the part of the beleaguered Shadow, and the
wraith's player portrays the willing victim of her own purification
Castigation sessions and Harrowings provide unique opportunities
for the Shadowguide to move out of the "shadows" and into the
spotlight, bringing the full force of the Shadow's personality to the
forefront. Each Shadow reacts according to its Archetype. The Ra
tionalist may attempt to defend itself through reasoned arguments,
while the Leech will barrage the Castigator with a litany of whines
ind whimpers ina futile stab at arousing pity. If the Castigator is +
successful, however, even the most brutal Archetype will "repent"

given enough time. Some, in fact, grow to like the sensations.

Castigation junkies

Like motrals' who thrive on,cheir own sufferifg, some
Shadows develop a perverse taste for Castigation. The di
Comfort caused by the purification process actually provides
the Shadow witlia cerrain deoreé of satisfactiGinLhese Shad-

oWs put up only. token resistancé:to the idea of being Cas
pated, although they, strenuously fight'the actual @astiga-

ion (in order-to increase the durationmof ‘their anpirish):
Afterward, the Castigatiorrjunkie goads itsavraithy intowacy
tiobs that will'bosst its Angst to a level-that willirequite
further Visits ta' theéilocal. Pardéner onéXpert in Castigation,
Many suéh addicts of spitititalSpainwwill encourage their

iths to lear the'Castigare Ancanos so that the means of
feeding its abnormal desire is ready to-hand, Such wraiths
have the Flaw Castigation Junkie,

The Shadow s Arsenal

During Castigation, the Shadow engages in a duel of wits,

wiles and Willpower with its Castigator. Roleplaying the ac-

tions of those involved in a Castigation session allows the

Shadow to make some attempts to lessen the severity of the
purification, This can take various forms, depending on the
Shadow's Archetype as well as its particular strengths, weak
nesses and Thorns. Some methods of undermining the work
of the Castigator demonstrate a greater degree of subtlery than

others, but all may prove effective in softening the blows the

Shadow must undergo.

For example, a Shadow may use Freudian Slip against
the Castigator, trying to throw her off her stride and interrupt
the purification process. Physically attacking the Castigator

through the use of Tainted Touch may give the Shadow the
satisfaction of exacting its own revenge Upon its tormentor
through inereasing the Castigator's own Angst. Most danger-
ous for all involved, however, is the Shadow who possesses
the ability to summon Spectres through Shadow Call ro come
to its aid, A truly desperate Shadow may seck to escape con-
fession entirely by foreing its Psyche, the Castigaror and any-
one else present to fight against monsters from the Tempest.

A popular tactic is for the Shadow to threaten to with-
hold future favors if Castigated. A threat of no Shadow Dice,
no matter how dire the situation, can carry considerable weight
with a wraith used to having that extra bit of help. On the
other hand, the Shadow walks a fine line in making this threat.
If the promise is made and then reneged upon, it loses all
power in the future. On the other hand, by absolutely refus-
ing Shadow Dice, a Shadow may get itself destroyed with alac-
rity, and it is certainly cutting itself off, ar least temporarily,
from its best supply of Angst.

When all else fails, a Shadow may always try to lie her
way out of further Castigation, pretending or claiming to be
totally humiliated and repentant. Since the player of the Cas-
tigated wraith often has no idea of her own Shadow's strength,
she just might believe her Shadow's pitiful pleas for mercy
and urge the Castigator to cease his work. There is no guar
antee that this ploy will succeed, since a wraith skilled in the
Castigate Arcanos can judge the Shadow's strength for her
self and force the Shadow to reveal at least partial truths.

System: The Storyteller may call for appropriate rolls
depending on the actions of the Shadow during Castigation.
Attempts to lie to the Castigator may involve the use of Ma-

nipulation + Subterfuge, opposed by the Castigator's Percep-
tion + Empathy. Dice rolls should reflect only the high points
of the Shadow's defense, however, since too many inrerrup-
tions for rolling dice may break the mood of the Castigation
session. Creative ploys by the Shadow may result in the
Storyteller's decision to increase the difficulty of the Castiza-
tion by 1. Conversely, brilliant purgation on the part of the
Castigator (so long as that role is nor played hy the Story-
teller) might lower the difficulty for success. In all cases, rolls
should never take the place of roleplaying unless those in-
volv ed feel unable or unwilling lo portray their sides ol the
argument,

Altermath

The physical and psychic torment engendered by a suc-
cesstul Castigation has several effects on the Shadow which
reach beyond the actual purging session. While the Shadow
is almost certainly weakened from the ordeal, it emerges even
more resentful of and angry with the Psyche for having sub-
jected it to such abuse. Because it has lost Angst, the Shadow

is not as strong as before or as able to utilize its Thorns as

frequently, It may become entirely quiescent for a time. While
this would seem to limit what the Shadowguide can do for a
few sessions (until the Shadow regains its confidence and
power), nothing could be further from the truth. Shadows are
built of dec eit. They are the most dangerous W hen being quict,
for then the Psyche has no idea what they are up to. After a
Castigation session, the Shadowguide should be feverishly
planning the Shadow's revenge.



Chapter Six:
oleplaying

Where Horror
and Shadows Mee

~ by/ames A. Moore

@) he Shadow in Wraith: The Oblivion is a
- powerful tool. It can easily be misused,

Gi

Ye) improperly handled

accidentally or deliberately, It can, when

destroy an otherwise

amazing story, The Shadow should come
| complete with the warning: HANDLE

WITH CARE in big bold letters; mess-
ing things up with it is just that simple. Players in the game
are likely to cause the Shadow's reputation irreparable harm
simply by being human. It's almost too easy to take out a few

frustrations on another person in the game, especially when
you are in control of their Shadow.

That's where horror comes into the scene. The Shadow
is too easily turned into a parody of horror. Horror does not
inv oly ea Freddy Krueger wageling his tongue as he slides his
knives into the chest of yet another promiscuous teen. In-
stead, using Freddy as our example again, horror involves the
desperate need to sleep, to escape from an endless cycle of
anguish and woe, all the while knowing that sleep will bring
forth the claw-handed demon who destroyed your friends
Knives plunging into rib cages is terror at best, and easily de-
grades into simple schloc k. After a while, one murder looks
the same as another, and even the visceral thrill of escaping
(but observing) the act of the kill grows stale. Horror, on the
other hand, is a different beast entirely. Make no mistake about
that.

It's easy to be brave when the only one you have to pro-
fect 1s yourself. The Shadow knows this, and it should be
played in ways that emphasize the fact of that knowledge.
When Shadowguiding, why just torment your counterpart
with snide comments when you can bring about a much stron-

Chapter Six: Roleplaying


ver reaction by implying thar his widow was in on his murd
The tiniest seed of doubt that forms in the back of the wraith's

head... That is the start of horror.

Consider which would scare you more: fighting a mone
ster from the Tempest with a group of your friends and allies,
or watching helplessly from the Shadowlands as your beloved
slips farther and further into a madness caused by a part of
you that you can't control? | know which one I'd pick. It's
much harder to watch a loved one suffer than to suffer your
self. Ask anyone who has ever had a close family member
erying out in pain as the doctors in the emergeney ward tried
to save a mangled limb or stop the last drop of life's blood
leaking from a gaping wound. For that matter, anyone who
has lost a loved one to cancer knows exaetly what horror is.
One day your grandmother is fine. The next time you see her
she's lost 15 pounds and her skin looks wrong. Later that same
week, she S starting to look skel tal, and the vital woman who
used to bake your favorite cookies when she knew you were
coming over is having trouble brearhing. Wait a few more
days, and the woman whose strength was something you've
counted on for years can't even stand up, and she has to suffer

the degradation of bedpans and sheets that are changed all

too often because the nurse didn't ger there in time. Her warm,
welcoming smile has become a rictus of pain and confusion
because the doctors are doing their best to keep her alive, nor
necessarily comfortable.

That's horror.

Hortor is personal — not necessarily visceral. Blood and
guts make a wondertul backdrop for horror, but they can never
really take the place of emotion. (That's right, emotion. Con-
trary to popular belief, horror is more than a genre.) The
Shadow is personal, too, The Shadow knows the weaknesses
of its host, and it wants to make that host suffer as no one
ever has before. It wants the Psyche to know horror. Every

rative tecling, every guilty secret and hidden insecurity is

ne

there for the Shadow to exploit. Love, in rhe eyes of the
Shadow, Is simply another weakness to prod at until the

strength of the whole is lessened.

Another pop quiz. Which is worse: finding out that while

you were Slumbering your darker half threw you into the Tem-

pest, or discovering that while you rested to face another day

in the life of the Restless Dead, your Shadow spent its time

planting lies about you in the mind of your best friend? Or,

better still, slipping horrid nightmares about your death into

the mind of your only child? I'd risk the Tempest, ['d even

risk my friend's ire, but once the Shadow brings a loved one

into matters it's personal.

Playing the Shadow is literally rhe same as torturing some

one. But that torture doesn't have to be physical. That tor-

ture can be aslow, rorting anguish, born of the certain know!-

edye that no one you care for is safe because there is a part of
you that wants them dead. There is a part of you that works

against all of your hopes and dreams, seeking constantly to

Shadow Players Guide

tes
shatter any illusions of hope you might have and always pick-
ing you as the favored victim. Being a Shadowguide is a re-
sponsibility. Your job is to make the existence of another char-
acter an endless nightmare so horrifying that they want to
escape by any means necessary, even self-destruction. You must
be as intimate asa lover and as cold as a serial killer, You must
become all the demons of that character, and you must al-
Ways keep that character off guard. The same trick seldom
works twice. Freudian Slip will get a character into trouble,
true, but Trick of the Light can smash a thousand hopes when
the dead lover ola wraith is seen as a face in the C rowd and
then disappears — repeatedly, Bad Luck has.a nasty habit of
turning would-be conquests into frustrating failure after frus-
trating failure, but that just means a little anger and disap-
pointment. Shadow Life can lead to disaster when used against
a living Fetter of a wraith.

You're dead, right? Being dead is not fun. The last thing
you should want is for anyone you care about to die as well,
because they, too, will suffer, If you truly love someone, the
last thing you want is for that person to hurt. I rotecting that
person is an important part of your life. By the same token,
misery loves company. If a player decides that a living entity,
especially a loved one, is a good Fetter, than the Shadow has
a fabulous bargaining chip.

and your newborn son, little Bobby, Jr, are all that you have

ss think about that fora moment more. Your wife, Amy,

left to care about. They are the reason you stuck around after
your unfortunate and fatal attempt to stop a bank robbery.
More than anything, you want to make certain that they are
sate and well provided for. Killing them will do your Shadow
no end of good, right? With them out of the way, you can no
longer come back to the Shadowlands, especially since you

killed Guido the would-be robber (and your other Fetter) a

week afrer your Caul was removed. Bur your Shadow nee
more than just their deaths. Your Shadow needs to gain the
upper hand in this litrle hattle you two are constantly join-
ing. The more you suffer, the more Angst you gencrate for the
Shadow to use against you. Besides, simply killing your wife
and son might lead toa touching reunion in the Shadowlands
That would hardly be productive from the Shadow's point of
view,

From the Shadow's perspective, wouldn't it be much bet
ter to make you want them dead? How much sweeter the vie-
tory if the Shadow can convince you that ey erything you
thought was true was nothing but a lie you created to protect
yourself? The Shadow may be lying, but time still passes, and
your widow ts how martied to someone else. It's been years,
after all, and she's gotten on with her life; it's what you always
said you wanted.

Liar. That's what the Shadow calls you now.

Well, you've still got Junior, right? Heh heh heh... But
Junior is calling that other man "Daddy" these days. You fi
nally vet to he:

Y your infant son (nor an infant anymore)


speak, and he's calling someone else "Daddy." Even your own
flesh and blood has turned away from you

So the question is, what are you going to do now? Rest
issured that the Shadow has suggestions aplenty

What happens if you take his suggestion? Well, after rhe
funerals — where, to add insult to injury, the three are buried
together in a cemetery down the road from where your re
mains are rotting your Shadow might feel obliged to let
you know about how he kepr you away from your wite for so
long. He'll explain in great detail how the loss of you brought
you dear friend Dan and your beloved wife Amy together
How they only held on to their minds because they each of
fered the other strength. He might even explain that Junior
was calling his stepfather "Dan" or "Danny," and that you'd
just misunderstood when you were listening

Whatever

tuilt and shame and anger, all of these make the Shadow happy

self-hatred you feel at rhis moment, whatever
indeed. It has shown you horror

And if you decide to be rarional and accept that the rela
tionship between Amy and Dan was almost inevitable when
ul right,
It has to be,

t horrifying thing of all

you think of how close the three of you were? That's

roo. The Shadow is a patient crearur ind in

some ways that's the mos
Blood and gore have their place. Violence and carnage are
is much a part of Wraith as being dead. But horror is something

different. Horror is the sinking knowledge that you have betrayed

vloved one and collaborated in his demise. Horror is the anguish
of knowing that the person you swore to protect even after

death — is in danger of being tortured and murdered because of

vsecret that only you knew. Well, you and your Shadow. Horror
is a nightmare that never ends, unless you choose Oblivion as
your final recourse. Horror is the darkness that hides within your
very soul, waiting for you to weaken. Waiting for a chance to

destroy you, no matter what the cost. Horror is the Shadow

ogi the Shadon
Unearthine Your iil inner Child

by Laurah Norton

e all know that evil characters — dastardly

villains in black, sweet-faced children

) with steak knives in hand are a hell of

at

| a lot more interesting than your generic

4) hero type. But why are villains so fasei-
nating, and whar qualities make fora good

had guy? Obviously, just being inherently

Chapter Six: Roleplaying 131


ulterior motive or psychopathic illusion or driv-

ing need. A vampire who sucks blood from

some adorable little girl? The concept might

be slightly nauseating, but not particularly

horrifying when put in the context of the

World of Darkness. But consider a pedophilic

vampire who craves control on an obsessive

level, a vampire who can only feel like he's in

power when he bends a child to his mercy

that is a bit more interesting (not to mention dis-

turbing). An evil character needs to be as multi-fac-

eted as a hero, if not more so. Being good is easy. Being evil
takes chutzpah.

So, now that we've established what makes a good vil-
lain, we have to ask: What creature in the World of Darkness
is more villainous than a Shadow? A Shadow is the epitome
of pure badness, an out-of-control id just barely bridled by
some smarmy wraith. A wraith's Shadow is probably the dark
est, meanest monkey anyone could carry on their back. Forg
ing a superbly-crafted Shadow, then, must be one of the single
most important steps in a player's character development. Each
wraith's Shadow should be entirely unique; sticking to the
archetype suggestions in Wraith: 2nd has the potential to get
old fast. A simple title doesn't really sum up the inherent nas-
tiness every good Shadow

should possess, nor the
intricacies of that

nastiness.


The question is, how does one create a perfect Shadow?

| was faced with this question not too long ago, when |
Was just beginning to play Wraith. I'd created a character |
was satistied with, a sad hippie prostitute who had been
strangled by a john and left in a dumpster. The problem was,
[ couldn't find a Shadow archetype that really suited my char-
acter. | struggled with this problem for the better part of an
hour. | wanted a Shadow that amplified my wraith's weak-
nesses and preyed upon them, a Shadow that represented all
of the failings in her short life. The only possibilities | could
find in my copy of Wraith: 2nd were the Martyr and Leech
archetypes, but they didn't quite seem to fit into the big pic-
ture that I'd painted of my wraith. Finally, | decided to take
the hard road. I realized | wanted to create my own Shadow.

This may not sound like a big deal to the seasoned, jaded
roleplaying mavens of the world. To a newbie, how:
of putting down the book and thinking for one's self is a rather

or, the idea

horrifying concept. | had no idea where to begin. Luckily for me,
the vugh, a friend of mine whe »was more experienced than I at the
Art of Gaming, was determined to help me in my endeavor. He
suggested that [ sit down with a pen and paper and brainstorm
fora while. His idea was that I jot down all the bad thoughts |
had abour myself and other people, the nasty running commen-
tary that ran through my head all day long. His thought was that
I'd get some ideas for a good, complex Shadow from my own
shortcomings and dislikes. "Great," I said, smiling weakly. What

a Ding idiot. That's the stupidest idea... [thought as he tror-

ted away, pleased with himself.

Immediately, | felt guilty. That thought was nasty, scath-
ing and judgmental — and the type of thing thar you simply
don't say to a friend. It's also the sort of mental commentary
you might get out of a Shadow. So, I realized, my friend had a
point, Maybe his idea had some merit. I found a chewed-upon
pencil and a yellow legal pad and flopped down at my desk.
After all, it wouldn't hurt just to try our his suggestion...

An hour later, I'd filled nine pages with the mean
thoughts, prejudices and judgmental commentary I had never
said aloud. Judging from the list, | hated every person, estab-
lishment and subculture thar had ever existed. 'd tried to
think about people like the character | wanted to play, selfish
victims who cast away responsibility and tossed themselves
to fate, and how that sort of person annoyed the hell out of
me. I'd written down such lines as "hate weak people, the
kind who get wasting sicknesses in those stupid Vietorian
novels," and "obnoxious little fatalists who never take initia-
tive — people who let everyone shit on them ‘cause it's meant
to be."" An idea was forming in my mind as I studied the re-
sults of my bout with brainstorming. My character was a weak,
sad slip of a girl who really hadn't tried to do anything with
her life — when she'd actually had a life. Her Shadow should
try to make damned well sure that she didn't accomplish any-
thing fter death, because her passiv e uselessness Was her great-
est flaw.

| decided to call my Shadow the Fatalist. The Shadow's

main purpose would he to squelch any initiative, original
thought or feelings of empowerment that my wraith might
develop. lt would want to drive her to Oblivion using her
own fatalistic and passive instincts as a tool. The Shadow
would croon things like "Tomorrow and tomorrow and to-
morrow — if it's meant to be, it will happen. Rest. Don't worry
about anything, Fate decides." These words aren't necessarily
evil — unless, of course, they are whispered to a wraith ata
critical moment when action is necessary.

Satisfied with my Shadow creation, | sat back and looked
at what I'd created. | had shaped the Shadow into a complex
and nasty version of my character — which, in my eyes, is
what a Shadow is supposed to be.

It's true, a hook archetype will work for most characters,
as a building block or word for word. You don't have to brain-
storm, aD he brainstor ming session, how ver, helps you slip Into
the mindset of your specific Shadow. Your most malignant
and carnal impulses are a Shadow's bread and butter. A
Shadow will be infinitely more intriguing when it embodies
the true dark side of a specific character,

Remember, it's easy to hate an antihero, to fear, revile, or
even respect him. Attempting to understand the method to
the madness and the reasons behind that method can be a
more terrifying task. Ifyou can relate to your Shadow on some
visceral level, the actions it engages in are infinitely more,
well, engaging. This is the World of Darkness. In the Gothic-
Punk society, evil shapes reality; this isn't a soft, cuddly, ear
toon critter kind of world. The dark is the thing...and your
villains, your Shadows, love the dark. Try to understand why,
and you'll hegin to understand them, Too.

otes from the Dark Side
by Andrew Bates

4) f you got this far, | commend you. It takes a
| hardy soul (no pun intended) to make it

through 100-odd pages devoted to a rather
) dark (there go the puns again) subject.
By now, you may well be thinking there
| isn't much left to discuss regarding Shadows
(clever you — what gave it away, the fact
thar we're almost to the back cover?). Well, there are a few re-
maining tidbits. There's plenty in here about trying to get a feel
for what the Shadow's about, plumbing the depths of horror, cre-
ating dramatic tension in the role-playing session, blah blah blah.
So whatever happened to having fun?
Well, Shadowguiding can be a helluva lor of fun. It's
roleplaying, certainly, but with an edge. The trick is to keep

Chapter Six: Roleplaying 133

Ss = OTP Ps, = , Se SZ)

—sy <1 By er cea your balanee on that
aN ~ ae Ds ie,

1
1¢; otherwise you'll
SS (

=

slip down one side or

the other (or worse, cut yourself in two
on it). As long as you keep a sense of perspex
tive and don't get so wrapped up in what you're
doing that you lose sight of what's around you,
you'll be fine. Thar's my whole point in a nutshell,
bur I'll he happy to expound on it for a while, Walk
with me, won't you?

Much like a relationship or a low-yield IRA, you get

out of Shadowguiding what you put into it. If you play the
Shadow as a cackling cardboard villain bent on wreaking
havoc, your game itself will also take on a flar, pwo-dimen
sional tone. If you present the Shadow as a psychoanalyst's
wet dream, the game will be similarly overrun with heavy
emotional theatrics. Roleplaying doesn't take place in a
vacuum; even though other wraiths cannot hear an indi
vidual Shadow's whispered machinations, the other play
ers usually can. The tone, if nor the content, of what goes
on in those moments can't help but influence how every
one plays
Let me tell you a story
\ fellow player ina Wraith chronicle was a guy lll call
Evilio de Sperazzi. He's a nice enough fellow, | suppose, but |
routinely wanted to smack him ind not just because
he'd eat the last piece of pizza. No matter whose
Shadow Evilio guided (we did rhe "pass your Shadow
to the person on your left" routine), he always
played it the same way: a nasal, Beavis-voiced cari

cature whose dialogue consisted of little more than

"Oh, | wouldn't do that, heh heh," "Don't trust
him! Don't trust him!" and "Want some help?
Heh heh. Looks like you need it, heh heh" (this
last while offering five Shadow dice, then snatch
ing them all away with a snort). Subtly disturbing
and fraughe with horror? 1 think not
Like that anecdote? I've got another
Another player in the same game was somebody
Pil call Jabez Weeksworth, He'd actually look ar the
Shadow's Archetype to get an idea of what the character's
dark half was like. His Shadow comments were generally rea
sonable, seemingly unassuming and only occasionally did he
even say anything. Jabez's Shadowguiding was geared to seem
vnatural extension of the wraith's character, popping up ev
ery so often to keep the wraith off-balance and more suscep
tible to his Shadow's intrigues. A couple of times Jabez'
Shadowguiding drew my character into.a dialogue so well, it
wasn't until after I'd had my character take a course of action
which played right into the Shadow's hands that | even real
ized myself what Jabez had been doing. Moody and unner

ing? Yup


What's my point? Besides the face that | rend to come up
with pretty odd names for people, those are examples of a bad
way and a good way to Shadowguide. This is not to say that
one wraith's Shadow might nor be a cartoonish, mustachioed
scoundrel, bur thinking of every Shadow thar way makes the
game pretty damn dull. The flip side to this is that some people
try overcompensating and turn the Shadow into an overblown
Marlon Brando of an id ("I coulda heen a Nephwrack; | coulda
had some Thorns")

This leads to what I like to call the "Three Bears Theory."
Yes, there's anorher name for it, but Llike the bears so that's
whar I'm calling it. Quit interrupting

The Three Bears Theory goes something like this: A child

trom a broken home, Goldilocks lived on the street and en
raged in various petty criminal activities. One day she did a
little B& E on the Bears' house while they were off on their
morning jog. Goldilocks went through the Bears' food,
wrecked some furniture and finally passed out in one of the
beds, The Bears came home, found their placed trashed and
the culprit drooling on the pillows, called the cops and gor a
new kitchen set from the insurance noney

Perhaps | paraphrased a bit, but this story comes down to
two things

Thing =I: When Goldilocks tried the Bears' por
ridge, one was too hor, one was too cold, hur the last
was just right. Same thing with the chairs and the
heds; she found one to be an extreme in one way,
nother an extreme in the opposite direction, but
the third was a perfect balance in between

Thing =2: Just because the third choice was per
teer for Goldilocks doesn't mean that's the right choice
for everyone. Maybe Little Red Riding Hood would think
the first howl of porridge tasted beter than the others. Maybe
Hansel or Gretel would like the second bed better than the
other two

In other words, when you're Shadowguiding, he care
tul of being too heavy-handed. In roleplaying, it's impor
tant to create a believable character, but it's just as impor
tant to remember you're playing a game. By balancing be
tween these two poles (the cardboard villain and Method
icting, if you will), you should be able to create a convine
ing toil tor someone's wraith while keeping ir all in the fun
of a game session

Also, whar works best for you might nor work
hest for someone else (and vice versa). As long
is it Contributes to the game in

stead of detracting from it,


don't be concerned about someone else's style. Keep your eyes
on your own Paper.

«yar We're talking about games here, not abour a political
TUT an . s ,

cause, Care about what you re doing, but don't make it your

is) life. If you balance emotion with common sense, maintain a
perspective, then you'll have fun roleplaying and you might
even learn something.

Huh. Kinda like life.

Shadows on the Mirror:

Sexuality in Gaming
by Cynthia Summers

- me) hy am | writing this? It must he because
9 h I'm a girl and girls know about this kind
) of stuff, right? Speaking as a longtime fe-

_| male gamer, well, uh — yes. I've found

"ai that sexuality does tend to be one of those
things that frequently falls to the province
of female

amers to rescue, whether from

Oblivion or disrespect. As a game tool, it can be remarkably
useful, and no self-respecting Shadow should be without it in
his arsenal. However, playing with sexuality can have its little
mishaps and problems, and I've seen just about all of them at
one point or another.

On numerous occasions, | have been the only female
player na tabletop game, which made for interesting times.
Sometimes, the guys were so used to me that they would for-

get | was female until | brought up the issue. Never was this

more clearly demonstrated than the time my 1920s chanteuse,
Josephine, turned up the heat on her boss to "convince" him
to ler her have a little time off to chase monsters. The room
— filled with four gents who had been chatting quietly
amongst themselves waiting for this boring scene to get itself
over with — suddenly got very quict. At some pent, the play cr
in me realized that all eyes were riveted on me, some of my
fellow players were changing their sitting position, and that
the normally verbose Storyteller was having trouble finding
his words. | was more than a little surprised. I had just been
playing this wonderfully sensual character (who was not afraid

of her body or its effects on others), and everyone else was

dre »pping their jaws.

A male friend later pointed out that | had probably given
the other players quite a fright. Until that moment, | had

been "just one of the guys" — just another player in the game.

The minute | turned on the gas, things changed. | was fe-
male, | was something other, and | was dangerous.
Embarrassment has heen one of the greatest obstacles to
a proper utilization of sexuality in roleplaying games. I'm not
sure if it's a reluctance to show off one's ignorance, distaste
for the subject or simple lack of thought, but watching guys

vi

e, blush or tell locker-room jokes often deterred me from
dealing with a character's sexuality during game time, | found
the juvenile nature of locker-room talk to be more embarrass-
ing than the subject itself, but on the other hand, talking
about sex W ith a straight face was easy when w Was done ina
mature fashion. It was frustrating to me to have to puta leash
on something | wanted to do in the game because of a lack of
maturity on the part of my fellow players. Yes, my character
thinks your character is cure, so shut up and let me flirt with
you, and quit acting like a fool!

ste the way | just phrased that: "My character thinks
your character is cute." One thing about using sexuality ina
game is that the boundaries between player and character of-
ten blur, which can lead to problems in distinguishing be-
tween fantasy and reality, It's a rare thing to have a character
who shares nothing of his creator's tastes or ideas, and good
roleplaying can too easily be mistaken for the "real thing,"
People who are very certain thar they know the difference
between the game and life suddenly have remarkable trouble
finding the border when it comes toromance and sexuality.

Now, some people like having the freedom of a persona
to take on things they normally wouldn't do. My chanteuse,
who could he quite the hombshell, was at times the complete
opposite of my real-life personality. | made hay in playing
Josephine because the game situation gave me the chance to
practice flirting in a "safe" environment. | didn't have to worry
aby sur sOMeONeE trying to follow me home, or abe yut my poten-
tially looking clumsy, or worse. Using the character in this
Way Was all fine and dandy, i ere ause the guys (howev er much
they were turned on) understood that this was Josephine talk-
ing, nor Cynthia.

However, I've also had guys who did not understand that
my character's interest did nor translate into player interest
Such people take in-character flirting and actions and mis-
take them for real-life feelings, which can rapidly spiral out of
control. This sort of misunderstanding can lead to a player

falling for the other character, not the person behind her. This
sort of situation is unfair ina variety of ways. The first player
can't understand why his feelings aren't returned by the player
of the character he's in love with. The player being sought
after may think that this is all in character (when in fact it's

only halfway there), innocent character comments can be

taken out of context, and things can get ugly after that.
Using sexuality asagame tool to establish characters and

relationships in a game can be a wonderful thing. When this

is done properly, the chronicle achieves a depth of realism

that is difficult to simulate otherwise. Likewise, a Shadow with
knowledge of her Psyche's sexuality can achieve an edge that
makes for a remarkable game. But playing with a such a deli-
cate topic is like walking on a tightrope: one false step, and
the results can be disastrous. If you want to inject sexuality
into your game, understand that it can't just be "naughty bits"
and innuendo. Doing it properly is going to demand a lot from
players and Storyteller alike

Boundaries become paramount when dealing with this
topic, and if you're going to be using sexuality in your game,
you'd do well to set the borders of what is and isn't acceptable
early on. A Shadow may push the envelope of what's accept
able toa wraith, bur only a true sadist would continue to harry
the Psyche about something that makes the player uncom-

fortable. Think of the boundary as the safety net. If there's a

Nt wey =, = Tf NS Dy es "=: (Qexen ae

boundary, a safe zone where the player knows things will not
go further on a certain subject, she can play in relative com-
fort knowing that the Shadow won't go beyond that mark
It's walking the wire knowing that if you fall, there's some

thing there to catch you. Boundaries also prevent "accidents,"
which can spoil a player's enjoyment of the game.

I've been through a couple of "accidents," and the results
weren't pretty. Meanwhile, the "offenders" had little idea I
was suffering. That's walking without a safety net, and that's
what happens when you fall. When the boundary was estab-
lished, when I talked to the offenders and spelled out what
was wrong, they were mortified to realize they had done me
wrong, and rhey set out to rectify things. Life went on; so did

the game, and a good time was had by all — afterward

Chapter Six: Roleplaying 137

 - - a ~m ke. >
ee eons = fi),

ae ee.)


-cent words, ‘ane when
‘ou get into Shadow/Psyche dynamics. At
| thar point you can start playing with
| words like Dualism. Id and Superego. Psy-
| Chodrama. Dynamics, even. Some folks

have even gotten the impression that
Wraith was written to be played by psychology majors with a
morbid streak. This Shadowguiding thing in particular makes

‘em shake their heads — jeez, how existentialist can you eer?

Existentialist? Nah. It's actually pretty easy, You can get
the hang of proper Shadowguiding hy watching Saturday
morning cartoons, particularly the mindless action shows.
Don't believe me? C'mon, grab a bow! of cereal and sit down
with me. I'll explain it all to you.

It's pretty much a staple of TV, comic hooks, cheesy mov-
ies and all that sort of entertainment that the fight hetween
Good and Evil is a pretty sure thing. Hell, good doesn't even
hav eto ie all that admirable = the heroes can spend most of
the hour bickering over the prepackaged moral di jour and
still beat the villains in the end. Why? Because evil is incom-
petent. Evil is cowardly, stupid, short-sighted and most im-
portantly, has no friends. All of the villains hate each other
and can't wait for an opportunity to start heing treacherous,
which is ultimarely their undoing.

But that ain't Wraith, baby. You should be so lucky.

You see, the tables are pretty much turned in the
Shadowlands. All those little problems that made those vil-
lains such a joke on Saturday mornings are fixed easily enough.
Evil isn't cowardly — it's fanatical. It knows it's bigger than
you are, so it'll run you right over even if it loses a toe or three
in the process. Evil isn't stupid, either. It's a clever beast thar
knows all the right buttons to press to make you jump as high
as it likes, It has a long-range plan, one that will actually make
things work our for the "best" (if you're a Spectre, that is).

Worst of all, it has friends. Lots of them.

Think about it. "

more dangerous foe than any one individual. You can lock a

The organization is always a lor

rterm,

few mafiosos away, but that doesn't cripple the Families. James
Bond could killa SPECTRE mastermind in every single movie
and those dastardly baddies would still be assassinating his
loved ones in the next installment in the series. And about
the only thing worse than one deadly omnipresent criminal
organization isa number of them that get along well together.
That's where Oblivion comes into play.

ae abe 7
iy 7 nie

(oe

In Wraith, the triumph of the protagonists over the an-
tagonists isn't a given, and it shouldn't be. The world of those
grade-school morality plays is reversed and distorted. Here,
the antagonists (we'll call them Evil for short) are often un-
afraid, smart, patient and well-connected. There are excep
tions, sure, but the flawed villains aren't the ones that pose
the real threat. Those Speetres who have survived for decades,
even centuries, in the Tempest are Oblivion's best, and they're
the foes any wraith should be afraid of.

wt thar this is the worst of what's facing the players'
characters (for want of a hetter term, we'll call them Good,
even though that's a tricky word for most people with human
wants and desires). This time around, Good is the one that's
flawed. The forces up against Oblivion are fractured and ex-
ceptionally uncooperative, as evidenced by the continual
Hicrarchy/Heretics/Renegades struggle. Each side would proh-
ably sell the others out to achiev e their own © snds (which would
seem to be Evil's province). To exacerbate this already sticky
situation, a wraith can't even count on herself to he her own
best friend. The presence of the Shadow makes every wraith
a house divided against itself, and we all know what happens
to those.

Soa wraith had damn well better be courageous, bur smart
enough to know what fights she'd better not pick. She can't
afford to overlook the big picture, or she might find herself
descending into Speetrehood just to resolve a 2-point Fetter.
Now, | could offer advice to help a player array himself against
the overpowering net of corruption that is Oblivion, of course.

But this is the Shadow Players Guide. Forget advice for
the Psyche; if you're reading this, you want to know how to
be a better, stronger Evil. By the time you hit this section of
the book, you've probably got plenty of ideas. 1 won't try to
sneak in any more tips, tricks or neat little turns of phrase to
use In corrupting your target Psyche; there hav ce been more
than enough of those. Besides, the object of the game isn't to
drive your target to Spectredom by the end of the first story
(while your own character is being driven there himself). In-
stead, what you do want is menace. You want to show your
target just how innocuous and overwhelming, mindless and
devious, treacherous and unified Oblivion is. You don't just
want to play the villain: You want to play the exquisitely vil-
lainous villain, the one that slides onstage with a wicked leer
and has most of the audience covering their faces so they don't
see what horrible thing he does next — and peeking through
their fingers because they don't dare miss it.

Again, maybe the surest way to play with this is to dety
stereotype. Warch an old "heroic adventure" cartoon like Super
Friends or G.I. Joe. Take note of everything the-villains do at
the end ot the episode, when their owne haracter flaws or just
plain incompetence do them in and neatly tie up the episode
with an easily understood moral lesson for the kids at home

Then, when you're Shadowguiding, do just the opposite
Preferably when the Psyche doesn't see it coming.


"our Flaws of Evil are cowardice, stupidity, short-
sightedness and lack of cooperation (and maybe they aren',
burt these four cover a fair amount of ground), then the per-
fect Shadow would he fearless, brilliant, e

e-eyed and of one
mind and purpose with all his fellows. Nohody's perfect, of
course, and a Shadow should be just about as fallible as its
Psyche (they are the same wraith, afterall), But don't sell the
Shadow short — he deserves some respect, too.

It's easy to see where cowardice gor associared with Evil.
It starts off with rhe school bully, who gladly picks on kids
half his size but buckles when faced with someone bigger than
him. You can't respect a Shadow who backs down whenever
threatened with Castigate. Bur if that selfsame Shadow sud-
"N

guing to listen to me now, because | refuse to have you pushing me

denly says, ». 'm not afraid of your Pardoner any more. You're

around for the rest of my existence," look out. Confidence im-
plies strength.

But don't let confidence turn into idiocy. The clever
Shadow knows how to bide its time, and isn't stupidly over
confident. Most people don't presume they're experts at ev-
erything there is to be done; they tend to pick a few areas of
specialty. Similarly, a Shadow shouldn't use methods of cor
ruption that it doesn't excel at. If your Psyche doesn't respond
well to bullying, you shouldn't keep shouting in its car until
the Psyche knuckles under. Stick to what you know. And if
the Psyche calls your bluff, and you have to back down, don't
he afraid to offer a compromise. It always helps to let them
know you'll meet them halfway. With the cartoon villains,
it's always all or nothing — either I rule the world, or | don't.
That's a rather short-sighted way of looking at things, don't
you think? You don't need the world; why, just this little tract
of land is enough tor you and you promise you won't cause any
more trouble

Of course, if you want the world eventually, you'd better
know what you're going to do with it. If you want to drain it
of its natural wealth, then there's no point in razing those
gold-rich mountains just because leveling them would be part
of The Plan. And why would you really want to destroy the
world, anyway? What would you do for an encore? By the
same token, if you want to eventually become a Nephwrack,
driving your Psyche into fits of blind rage that endanger his
existence is a bit counterproductive. Be patient. Don't whip
him into running amok in hopes that he'll arrive at the goal
someday; he's more likely to end up an Anaereon's ashtray.
Instead, carefully nudge him into taking tiny little baby steps
that just happen to lead to that ever-elusive Goal. Play your
cards right, and once he gets there, he may figure that he
wanted to go there all along,

The final thing to remember is that "Trust No One" is a
motto for them, not for you, You are on the Spectres' side. You
are on the Heretics' side. You are on the rest of the Circle's
side. You are on your Psyche's side. And they are on yours.

A business without contacts isn't long for this world; you
should feel no different about the business of Shadowguiding.
In fact, you should encourage Spectres, other Shadows and
other wraiths to trust you, and you should trust then. Some
mutual back-seratching is good for everybody. Allegiances
among cartoon villains always break down when somebody
feels the uncontrollable urge to betray the group. Prove the
cartoons wrong. Continue to get along, Reinforce good busi-
ness relationships. After all, nothing beats the look on the
Psyche's face when he traces a deviously sinister plot from a
Guild higher-up to a Hierarch to a Heretic priest to a
Doppleganger to a Nephwrack to...you. His own Shadow —
friends with everyone along the line. Hey, if you don't set an
example of cooperation (".. just like you should he cooperating
with me if you want real results, Jim..."), who will?

See! That wasn't so hard. A little TV for the sixth-grader
set, a touch of pedantic action-movie technique, and now
you know what not to do,

Just don't ask me to put The Brady Bunch in Wraith terms.
Some fleshcrawling horrors you're going to have to deal with

on your own.

Devil s Advocate
by Trevor Chase

he Shadow, eh, Dansky?

| How convenient.
| One aspect of our roleplaying games —
| pardon me, "storytelling experiences" —
el which I find especially irritating is the cop-
4) out mentality inherent to them. It's never
your fault, you know it's always that
pesky Beast Within or Rage or Wyrm-taint or Nephandi cor-
ruption or some other Darkness — some utterly alien, overly
capitalized Other. Even redeaps and the like aren't really to

blame — they're just nightmares-made-flesh and all that
When confronted with that most dreaded of supernatural
bugaboos — Personal Responsibility — throw one manicured
hand over your anguished face, stare up at the uncaring sky,
and intone any of several convenient aphorisms we've pro-
vided for you: A Beast Iam lest a Beast | become. When will you
Rage? We are the Damned, we are the Hollow Men, lost in the
Shadowlands.

There's always an excuse, Dominate. The Hunger. Frenzy.
Wyrm corruption, Quiet. Angst. Dark Passions. Banality.
Blood Bond. Chemical imbalance. Recovering addict. Bad
home environment. Pornography; PMS. Television violence.
Posteombar stress syndrome. Codependeney. Backward mes-
sages in Judas Priest records. One "-ism" or another. "I was

Chapter Six: Roleplaying


(OJ Wupe duoOp pue op oF JURY NOK

has ous Joy tusituaydha ve OonsuOS jeIyLwe Ue IsHf — 41aA9d

AVY ‘ose Y OY ‘Iseag aya MOPBYS IYI SEAL OF UMop sowos
HM UdYA IC) {PIUIIOYIP & IOYA Sy [UOTSseg eq] v pue UOTS
"SUq B Udaaag ddUdJaYIP oY? saey AY zysnoyy Aysnowiag

PH 98 WySrens Suros
9.1,NOA Pur OUTYSRUT Yeznyy aya JO Ino MOPLULYY Adieg 95 07 4.4
Avg ajdoag ayeyy pue aduayoi, OG, Ajqenesuy
OF aPLYMYWOM pue ayqgeynsnl puv yooo Apoapiad sat ‘og

‘pod Aq "ang

«| (Ssauysyyas) oisnu asnoy-ur 193
"Jaq ows Avyd O71 suapred SUIBULLY YI 19H,, JO UOIsseg YL
OYA sey MOpKYS SHOHeJaU "}IA9 Jay ayy f (QdURaBUAA ) Aed
Way? agew pure Joy paypPy OYA Gout oy puly,, JO UOIsseg Sey
(29 o8ed) yazsmeyy eunes :syuNePY Woy osye ‘auO sty noge
PYM IC) jSUOISSET ALC] SING JO aUO st-YrTyAr ,*¢ (aredsaqq)
suonoe sty Joy Aud Aep auo [JIM ay sarag,, Wet Os agou Yyonut
‘out Od Jae, Qaaad punos uoissaaiod,, pue aouayola op o4
pasu ayqenesut, ing ‘nods NOge MOUY I,UOP | "YNET °C (UOISIDA
-ld{) SUaJOIA OP Oo} pau ayqeiaesuy,, ‘sdes yeya nos purus
‘uoIsseg Yeq] B OU uOTsseT BIO soy pue ‘siNog uYyof
poweu sooesey & sasoy | "]¢ adud ‘syunep aye] ‘au dIDyyIP
B JO YONW 9g OF Wdas 1 USdOP A]]EOd Ady SALTTAWOS | "UOIsse
YL], E PAJOpIsuod SALYA\ PUL VOIssL,, B PosapIsuOd SeYyAr Ie
YOO] pue Uadrop ats Ayyenase nod ji — ySnoyp surg) Auuny
(jpop ano suds
JO} ISDWY [ASHUY Pajjeo deas v yal AeMe sjas AyjeNIOK OIPNIS

Ns

a a r
'

ourec JIOA YAY UdAD wy IANO NoA ued ‘AeM aya Aq) ‘oz
"urs 07 sai) Ajaresiadsap Os Osa19dNs 1nd jsodwwod Sut Ajapun
ays |e Woy ssuy si Surutw-dias Aysnoppes — aopeys aya
— hod A]]Pa4 "Asano. jo "VusI wy NOA oy a Aey nod youd puy
*Spagqso Moly jeuonows INO ple] A] JeIU "YDIIOD Aypeangyn +] oul
[Jv Woy soyreg sit syonjd Apoutasiad yoryar
ll ), \ [Bot ou DB) Avy nM aK *poplarp A JUMIUDAUOD OS ST BULYIAIOAT
‘st siya AwoIOYsip Apaao] y

aypAsy aya —

NOSUOSUA, AALDITJOD ano ur
«4yydd-nnno,, Suryaearg "oppnoys ajay ano uo jeasoduooun Sun
"US JOpPBA YMC] Pazis-Xoqpeasq APUIUBAUOD v ‘APIS ALL] &
sey 9UOATOA FYNP ]PAAy oC 7punowAryd pooyss aya wioay Aypng
oy? pue pr ueipnoty dIssejo oy yo UoNeUTquod***,, —daay Avs
HW Soop WY AY sorsulyy Mopeys sry 100 IA 9M MOU puy
(4,40a0 NOK 4t ]]92 4,UOM T) ‘sdny any Uavo
Jay. Joy oWETG AUPE OF Buy Ap.sayIN puL agi] [ease SULAT]
Jnoge any Suryony & noyatAy syNduredis [eIAsHOsa pasos
"J[98 [RADI] PROAgITYA\ sse]o-a] ppl apueyur ATPEUoNouta "DJ
Ajsunvasneu ‘snomuarod ‘snorosaid yo young ve Ag paudisap
d19A\ SJONPOI JOA IY A\ YUIYA asowye p,Nod ‘Ay Ay (‘ounsvawut
Pood JOJ sN UO YAOI SuIppTeos ows pds 0} WHY 495 UPD aM
age) "aoa]sou peduosed Joy oes isurese sunsmey-dn aya
PyMoys aay [pe sumgd1A iv aA jLOLOY dyp AOOY aya ‘YO
yney Ku st op |
Sulyiou os pue ‘aouepins pur woddhs sadosd ayy ow sakes uo
Ou OY JPY 942 SpuekassopunN auo ON ,NOUANG Woy Suns
WW] puke pazisumop qos asnf],, a uRawW yupIp 7 Aqeg syunp
"9s NEN
(hi) wy s—
Wi! WN

Mi.


18 dt pue
02 SE dQUAIUAS ay! OYe SH JO INE IF OF ABA APUG dy IEA Pjor
puv uostd pozts-[NOs & APISUT aSOO] PAUANI ‘JIUaISIXS MNIU STU
ouut posoeip Usa] Say "aULOp sal ey, M JO} OMI IO uoneoynsnt
RB UODAD oye pue "pou SU SIRO pure STURM II yey SHUIUY sey
MOPRYS aya ‘|pe Joy "deve

PUL OILINDOVULT ST UTETTLA AATXATJOI
Hasn{ se Mopeyg ay Sursstusic] "asuas Ooq-Apasoog-Apasoog
‘PHOM-OYAAao-ayeI IYI Ul JOU Aseay aw "PIAS Just ay
"QUST MOpeYyg Bey NOU
J ey! st savad SuTUaAso UT oy) UL pauuesy aavY | wey' [py ano
Wunipunuos apa] dey paansy amb Juoaey pus y pue ‘sure
"UlFiag SU] AvAU AOUTS YATEIAA UO TUPYLOAy Uaag 9A, | Paraaoasip
94,NOA TEYAL MOLD, OU JO] puP aU OF AMIN ‘Avy NOA J]
st Mopeys
B IY pau, NOA advpy {pousvay Nos davy rey Ing
"Merpuasur APPURY Set BUNLIN pur peNuaigaas saeyy
JIMS SSOIDL PWOD 9A NOX "sIIQpH Jayio jo Supauewus wopued
B PUk "YIM BOP Op UBS UOTOPIy UB Tey SOM Udshy jo
SMOPEYS AQ] MOY AMOGE 11g BE Udds 9A, NOT *(9sINOD Jo) Warsis
Upreayy dy Jo sopna aya Aq paquastunoars qye ‘saseyd Jayo May
B pue eyeasny pue euryey ur sagesado Aypasoddns jnos aya
JO apis Yep oyT Moy ANOe Tg Be pauuRa] AA,NOA Jt JOY MOYs
0} dAeY MOA Op Tey Pu ‘sMopeYys noqe
[Je JOoY BO pua oys poyouar aa nor
"ALOJOgq NUOT
avvy yey sased +99] ays yo asuas ayeu
OF SEY OUOAUE DOUBLY ISP] AY Spsaoas ase]

OYA are DY] OS "Poa asey] aya dos sdvarye
hod yeys st qof siya yo aseaueape suo ay |

Aysueg 3 preyoty iq

*Skopac) Buimojog UE,
SPAY | DISSETD PTO siya YALA ingod sdeape Uv Nod Soa 7UOpP
SUBTO]S ASaYS YI IL TPE day "MOL atpL yTAy O8 ‘sdu1oOd AaMod
"[PIA\ Weeodun-]7e asouy yo no UNL NOs pu "Nod UlTAL suOTS
"SU [LUI Polzuasy YseC] aya soutusy JaAgeYM to AipeuRg Jo
MOPPYS JO SHIQNPY IO sey LO Iseog) ANOA OU YXOU ‘Ady ‘og
‘Tye saeya ‘Tpor ana, & payriog asnf nog ‘apoysse ue
AL NOA asNedaq JUST I ‘OOPLy Auedios AYA JO INO Pooy sasya
SUAS [RAIS 10 ‘FEI UT JO APOgoutos Id tO ‘syoey toy
puryag spusiy anos yANowpe 40 Gayo quRoytUBISs ANOA 04
Apuvsvaydun ise nod dW 1x9 9YI YBNOY se fray NOA Burd pay
— SisdEy wD JO} HUIALID Pe.NQyN BOI BuLaputd O49 asnedaq
SE (9SANOD JO ‘S142 su YONs asord uvasvadsayeyS wos apse) Asa
"SNPUL SIYD UL SSAIINS DATILJOL SOLULT JJO/ OYA 1OJ SuUOSPaI
ay) jo ouo ‘ogAdeur isnt vy studas a Ing (‘out YAM Ika Os

i Ws

"SSUTYIOUIOS UO aqLURIP [PpayTy-assuyy wya st so] poypy-assue
UE ALM O2 IDEUOD Japun wy puy) "uays puke Mou Alaaa
AJasttt UkOtag OF UN] URA]S pood sat pure Wey |[e pue sud
Sulag puu IOMOY INoOYgE a1e SAWS INO TPL paqyuEss "MON
Ya]Pdsorg ay pure soyuRYaUU sued ay
Aq poasojyua ae asaya — nod pura ‘euamousyd peangyns asni
quaur sayduiexa asayp (WA AY aya JE Aq 04 pasapisuod says
JOLAOp B UO UMOP SMOYD dYs SE _UOOS SB ING EWC) panods aya
SUIARS JO OWL IYI UL (Poyoeae SSULYS OU ‘sIOATUD OU Wogy
paresruuny aq O4 ]]e sAaydto ssopaovy ‘ssaypurw) ,suoo7y,, Xa1uag
Jo spropang pue sproysng Yysnosys Ae Joy yseys pue du Ayoun
"NOL JJOMIIOM B-ULD AY AY {ULIPISGC) Jo Wopsury yeq aya ur
Jodvyd sofew v Apuanbasgns st pue read & ur spaspuny UMorp
UkD dO]ELL pos daIzy ay jo asatid wv yng ‘stoyjaqAdoag Supyury
ysis yo sada aya ul pooyszasadg 03 Jyas wowowasod Jay uwap
-4OD APUPETIAD ISOUW]L []IM Udappiyo day Jo SULUMOIP sys
ursng iwyl Ui si AYA ,Zasbag aya, Aq passassod .*josuOs yo
INO, Pawivaap ATUAppns st pue Yor aUaasuor) & sTIEY *CQO'9=
suy aay yelnig ays use,y Uo pyo ing ‘siead QO¢ ased aya
JNAO SUIIDIA 7Q9'9 PAILUINSuLsxa pUue parvspasiad ‘page Nue
Ayuo sy asnesag ,.a]qras,, poudap Aqasayy si pure 7 jo Aqrueur
NPL, & SY anUaA ays ADUIEA aWIOS MOP] rng ‘d>IMYy WSLALL
"RAL [PLOW OFT 195 O1 ION "sHossipHy Adoid oan Mvesp saumes
INO sour] IyA JO ato; fluaystsuod AypeuyUt ay W uppnoys
‘somes ano ur AypeIoUr Be dh jas OF Buros saw am jL puy
*S][O4 SDP poypioy ssd.opinw
AU JO Sy9a}a apis oat aq OF pauunsaid ase yap pue AuLiy
"js AU YOY UT Jopoww Surpordsoas,, e Aq parpnsut aay vag
YS | Wuasaid puv ased soy10.e pure SAUD 4O SUITIITA ayqe
AAOUINUUT OY JO UO 19M T JE ANG ‘Ady SNOLAS OOF 195.01 ION
MOY Rd] OF — sea aueu sty daaoqwyar ‘AopuepY — Adee)
quas AOU] "MOPeYS ay Ul dAaTTOG IUpIP Aw] Jo NOD y
"sSni |
MMOPEYS AYA SBM I] "SOB SHOAPTY JO SMOs [PE TUOS pur }OLSIp
Avs ayy asINdd OF UL pordoy pur Apog s Adve passassod Gysru ae
pasiowia yey Aypeuosiad yaep aya sea ay wayAC) ays — Aapurp{
you sea ap siuediopun uMo tray yay qaeap oF moun apsurays
Ajjeuy pur ‘ssuruMorp-ivou peraags pasayns p Aaya jigun
JAILAApUN spray soya poy Yadies ays uo payq Aoqs uayar
urese woya iwoq ‘pounds siyouryds saya aeyy aosoy yons
QUEM Woyd aiejOrs ‘Way ieeg ‘ways adea twaya uo oneypoy
WUIMUOD ‘Aye YIM akaMapuN pue squed toy Yo Ind *ydeA
aunuiod & Ol Way deus ‘synopuey out Wayl yor ‘pauols pur
yunup tay qas ‘awoy sty o7 shog sunod ¢¢ Sung auUpIp vr)
PUAD A UYOL IIS ON ‘MoUY Hod ‘Fury? outes oy para Av,
(layjaadsoig pur apinsmopeys
‘mopeys jo Auy AyoyUr) sryd jo suoneuryseu Yysipusy
ata Joy apqisuc rdsaa Ppy aq — nods SULUROU- |]. M ‘991 — nod
UeD "UoYyl "MOL "ApAINUa aspa auUdodtOS OF paredazap st Ati
-tsuodsos weya — a Avyd oF dARY UdAd aUOp HOA Fazy ‘AU
aivardas & se nod O} yea UL aT "siamod WDAYIP pur wu0y
TAO IP B sey A "arBUTYA aesedas est MOpeys siya wey deayo
AIDA TW SOYRUL saTNs oA JO BuIpwas Y "aq 1ued AW "YEN

me


If you knew you were going to be imprisoned for centu-
ries with no hope of escape, you might consider self-destruc-
tlon to hea Vv iable alternativ €, Tou. If you had TO st and watch
an impertect version of yourself act freely while you stared
out from behind prison bars, you might learn to hate your
other half, too. Are you beginning to see why the Shadow
might have a bad artitude?

And there's the crux of the matter. After all, the Shadow
is the Psyche's other half, It didn't spring into existence, fully
formed like Athena, once the wraith crossed the Shroud for
the first time. It came trom somewhere, and that place was
the mind of the person the wraith was, Everything the Shadow
wants, that person wanted, too. All the pain the Shadow in-
tlicts, that person could have inflicted as well. The capacity
for such actions was always there. It's just that now these urges
hav ea voice and a hand of their Own,

What do Shadows want, though? Well, they want what
they want. It's not that their Dark Passions are EVIL while
the Passions of the wraith they balance are GOOD. Ask the
ghost of John Soulis about that.

Rather, it's that a wraith's Passions are what a ghost can
admit that she wants. A wraith like Carina Matuszek can be up

front about stating that she wants revenge on the men who vio-

lated and killed her, and that's all right. It's a desire thar she's
willing to accept as her own. But getting good music on the juke-
box? That's selfish. Thar's childish. Thar's pointless.

That's the province of the Shadow.

Calling Dark Passions evil is too easy, primarily because

they're not, They're selfish, yes, and they're desires that a

wraith is ashamed of. It is because they're ashamed, wraiths
suppress those desires. [t can't be me wanting something that petty,
a wraith says, I'm better than that. But the truth of the matter
is that the wraith isn't better than that, and banishing that
desire to the province of the Shadow and its Dark Passions
doesn't excise the want entirely.

It's still there. The person made up of Psyche and Shadow
still has a desire, a want, a need to do whatey er it is that the
Dark Passion demands. However, by fobhing responsibility for
that want off onto another part of himself — a part he can
wall off and designate as the Other — the wraith avoids tak-
esponsibility for it,

ing
That's not my Dark Passion, he says. It's my Shadow's
The unspoken truth is thar his Shadow is part of him,
and so is anything the Shadow wants.
Now that isn't to say that a Shadow can't inflict evil or
be evil. Many do, and many are. Sadism is rarely a positive

social trait. Self-hatred is not something most psychologists
condone. Seeking to reinforce these and other negative emo-
Tions by crearing situations that pander to them — that can
be subjectively categorized as "evil." Inflicting pain and rey-
eling in it — that, too, can be described as evil. Never make
the mistake of thinking thar a Shadow is a poor misunder-
stood victim; it understands what it is doing and chooses to
continue down its path.

Instead, just remember where all of rhe Shadow's malice
and hatred, its capacity to cause pain came from.

A caveat: Wraith is only a game, after all, intended to
help people while away an evening or six and have a good
time. It occasionally sounds some deep waters, though, and

t lost in the medium

sometimes the fun of the message can
Yes, the very notion of the Shadow raises some serious ques-
tions about responsibility and desire. How far can you go as a
Shadowguide, all in the name of a good time? Is there a point
beyond whieh you shouldn't go in this role? When do you
pull back, when do you stop, and once that point is reached,
where do you go?

I don't know. I just try to remember that every Shadow sup-
posedly comes from someone's life, experience and death, and
that in the world of Wraith, even the most mundane of lives can
spawn something that capable of malign hare. Often [look around
and wonder what part of my day's activities which argument
with a coworker, which shouting match with a loved one, which
bit of disgust with a bit of my work that's not up to snuff — might
go into making my Shadow if! were living in the World of Dark-
ness. Every last one, | suspect.

Then ] turn back to. the game Im making, and wonder
how I can turn a concept like this into a way for people to
have a good time.

Perspective, | think, is the only way. Look at Wraith and
the Shadow for what they can be, and enjoy the learning curve.

Just remember this, though. One of my fayorite charac
ters (Grover the Muppet, if you must know) once said with
great solemnity: There is a monster at the end of this book.
and at the
beginning and in the middle, too. You've found it. If you've

There is a monster at the end of this book —

identified at all with this book, if you've enjoyed it or thought
thar you might like to try a few of the dirty tricks hidden
between its covers, you've found that monster. It's you.
While the dice are rolling, there's nothing wrong with
that at all. Just remember whe re that monster liv cs when the

dice stop, though, and don't ever forget it.

