# File: Silent Striders (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Those Who Have Eves To See

The boy slept. His hair, cropped close at the
bottom but floppy up top, spread out on a pillowcase
threadbare from many washings. Moonlight from his
window, the sash thrown up and curtains tucked aside
in any weather, shone wanly on his skin, tanned
golden from the sun and unmarked by the blemishes
that would accompany adolescence. His hands, resting
atop the hand-pieced coverlet, were callused by base-
ball bats, and shovels for digging in the dirt. He could
be almost any boy, anywhere.

But he wasn't. He began to stir, twitching as his
closed eyes futilely cast about the room. His knees
curled up against his body, his hands clenched into
fists. He mumbled words that would have sounded like
gibberish to his own ears. The susurrus of ancient
words twisted itself around the shafts of moonlight,
creeping along the ceiling and floor to the corners of
the room where it gathered its tiny echoes. Then
suddenly, the dreamer awoke. A shock like a dousing
in icy water wrenched the boy bolt upright in bed,
gasping a hoarse breath into his lungs.

"Mom!" Tony shouted. "I saw a ghost!"

It was not his mother who came to his bedside. It
never was; Mom wasalmost alwaysgone, but in the middle
of the night he never remembered that. Tony's father

came, his voice patient even though Tony could tell the
reminder hurt him. "What's wrong? Are you scared?"

Tony watched his father's shadowy figure stumble
sleepily to sit on the edge of his bed. "I saw a woman.
She was kind of floating, and I could see through her.
I'm not scared. She just surprised me, I guess."

His father fought down a yawn. "This woman, she
didn't do anything threatening? She had all her body
parts?"

Tony snorted in exaggerated scom. "Dad, this isn't a
horror movie. She just wanted to tell me something, I
think." He slouched back on his pillow pensively. "I don't
remembermuchnow. I remembered itall justa minute ago."

Tony's father ruffled his hair. "That's how dreams
work. And ghosts," he added, before he could be
corrected. "Ghosts do that too, I'm sure. Go back to
sleep, kiddo."

"Night, Dad." Tony slid back under the covers as
the door closed, and was back to sleep in no time atall.

This wasn't the first time Tony had been haunted
in his own bed. Just two years ago he'd started hearing
voices that crept up on him as he tried to sleep. The
school shrink recommended an astonishing cocktail of
psychoactive drugs. Tony's father declined; the school
nurse decided to give him a little something anyway.

2 Silent Striders


The school's legal counsel settled quickly — even
though pharmaceutical companies practically bought
ads on the sides of school buses, the lawyer knew that
standard procedure was to bully the parents into con-
senting prior to administering drugs. The settlement
put a large down payment on a nicer house in another
suburb. The voices never really went away, but Tony
learned not to mention them to anyone, not even his
dad. It just made him worry, and Tony hated that.

He never mentioned the ghost again either. But she
came again a few months later, and again, and again.
Tony's sun-kissed skin grew pale, and not because of
winter, or any amount of time spent indoors. Tony's
father was concerned, but Tony shrugged it off. He still
played baseball in the spring, but his father noticed that
he always walked home from practice alone.

A year passed. The ghostly woman came more
regularly now, floating into his room when the moon's
light swelled. She was always dressed in flowing white
clothes, like he'd expect any ghost to be. She was
beautiful too, and that was something he hadn't really
expected. He had thought of ghosts, when he thought
of them, as rotting, skeletal things, or at least as old
people, the kind of people who usually died. The
ghost's hair was black, like his mother's, her eyes dark
beneath high-arched brows. Her body was slender and
smooth — and clearly visible beneath the filmy white
dress she wore. Tony couldn't imagine mentioning this
to his father. His mother still wasn't around.

He would wake when she came to him, and lie still
towatchas she floated near the ceiling. She looked like
a swimmer struggling to dive deeper into the water,
pushing against an unseen current; but her own light-
ness kept holding her back. Sometimes, he would
pretend to sleep when she was there, just to see what
she would do. She didn't seem to mind. He slept then,
under her floating, watchful eyes. While she watched,
his sleep was restful, quiet — the sleep of the dead.

One night, when Tony came in for dinner, he saw
his father had set three places at the table. "Who's
coming?" he asked.

"Your mother," his father answered.

"Oh," Tony mumbled, and continued on his way
to his room.

Several minutes later, his father appeared in the
doorway, looking faintly disapproving. "Aren't you
excited about seeing your mother?"

Tony didn't look up from his comic book. "None
of the other kids at school get all happy about seeing
their moms. Except Jamie, and his mom's in jail."

His father sighed, "We're not a normal family. Your
mother does important things." He raised his hands in
agesture meant to ward off the usual response. "No, she

Legends of the Garou: Those Who Have Eyes fo See

doesn't work for the government, and no, I can't tell you
where she's been. Just try to understand that she loves
you, and she'd be here with us if she could."

Tony looked unconvinced, but he nodded. "I
know, Dad. And I'll be happy to see her when she gets
here. If she gets here."

His father stood up slowly. "Fair enough, kiddo,"
he said, his voice thick with all the memories of times
she hadn't. "Fair enough."

Tony's mother made it home before dessert. Tony
jumped out of his chair and met her at the kitchen
entrance, wrapping his arms around her waist. He was
happy to see her, and she seemed thrilled to see him —
she crouched down to fold him ina hug, saying his name
over and over. Then she held him out at arm's length to
look him over. "How you've grown," she said. She
alwayssaid that, but this time the phrase held a question
that was pointed over his shoulder at his father.

Tony's father shrugged, a slight lift of the shoul-
ders that Tony didn't think he was meant to see. His
mother pulled him close again, and Tony got the
uncomfortable feeling that she was sniffing him.

"Mo-om!" he whined as he pulled away, straight-
ening the wrinkles she'd made in his shirt in an
attempt to remain cool.

"Sorry," his mother said. "It's just that I've been
gone so long."

"I know," Tony replied flatly.

An uncomfortable silence fell. "Who wants pie?"
Tony's father blurted with forced cheerfulness. The
awkward moment gave way before the ice cream and
cherry onslaught. Dishes clanked, spoons clattered,
they talked about weather and baseball and were a
family again.

But later that evening, Tony heard his parents
arguing in their room, after they thought he was asleep.
He lay still, breathing as shallowly as he could so that
the sound of his own breath wouldn't drown out their
angry but muted words.

"How could you let this happen to him?" his
mother demanded.

"Let what happen to him?" his father said. "There's
nothing wrong with Tony. He had a physical before
baseball started."

"This isn't about his body," his mother countered
crossly.

"Then what is it? He's a smart kid, he's just quiet.
Where's the harm in that?"

"It isn't that either! It's his soul — he smells like
death. Something's touched him — has he been hear-
ing the voices again? What, what haven't you told
me?" his mother demanded.

Tony shoved his face into his pillow, willing his
father not to tell. "He told me he saw a ghost, some
time last year, maybe even two years ago. It sounded
like a nightmare, so I never mentioned it," his father
explained, sounding pained.

His mother shouted now, so loud that he could
easily hear. "A ghost! And you never told me! You
should have told me!"

Tony had to pull his head out of the pillow to hear
his father's bitter but quiet reply. "What if I had? What
if] had called you every time your son woke in the night
— would you have come home?" Silence filled the
whole house. Tony screwed his eyes shut in imitation of
sleep, in case they had heard him moving around and
were coming to turn their anger on him. But his father
went on. "I thought it was just a dream. Maybe it wasn't.
I'm just a man, I can't do what you do."

"| know," his mother sighed bitterly. "Has he ever
mentioned a ghost again?" Tony visualized his father's
brief gesture, no. "That's good, I guess. I can protect
him while I'm here. I'll stay as long as I can."

"And when you go?" his father asked, resignedly.

His mother's answer was too quiet for him to hear,
as the argument deflated into discussion. Soon bored,
Tony drifted off into restless sleep.

When Tony woke in the morning, his mother was
still there. He wasn't too surprised — he'd listened in
last night after all. But he was surprised to find her still
there the second morning, and the third. She made
pancakes when he woke up. She came to a baseball
game. She mended his clothes for the upcoming school
year. But most of all, she watched him. When he was
reading in his room, or catching minnows in the creek,
or throwing green apples at the neighbor's cat, he'd
look behind him and there she was. Tony had always
wanted to have his mom around, but he hadn't realized
just how nosy mothers could be.

The ghost woman didn't come to see him any-
more. Tony suspected that his mother was awake,
watching, scaring her away. He tried staying awake,
but he always fell asleep before his mother did. As days
turned to weeks — the longest his mother had ever
stayed home — he found himself missing the woman
in white more and more. He sometimes wished his
mother would leave so that the ghost would come back
again; he always felt guilty immediately afterward, and
would creep into his mother's room or climb up the
side of her chair to kiss her cheek.

Onemominghecame down thestairsand there were
nopancakes. Instead, his mother'ssmall traveling bag was
packed and sitting on the table. "Are you leaving?" he
asked, trying to only sound sad and not all the other
emotions that were bouncing up and down in his head.

"Yep," hismothersaid. "And you're coming with me."

"lam?" he squeaked. His mother nodded. "I've got
a baseball game the day after tomorrow."

"You'll have to miss it," she said, not even turning
around from the kitchen counter.

"Coach'll be mad," Tony observed dubiously.

"Strawberry or grape?" his mother asked, gesturing
at a line of half-made sandwiches on the counter.

"Grape. School starts in two weeks," he noted,
halfheartedly.

"I know," she answered, turning back to the sand-
wiches. "You'll be back by then. Probably."

Tony was intensely curious now. "Where are we
going? Does Dad know?"

"Of course he does. We're going to see your grand-
father." Tony's mother slapped the sandwich together
and expertly wrangled the wobbling tower back into
the bread bag.

"] don't have a grandfather," Tony said.

His mother dropped the sandwiches into the top of
her bag. "You're right, he's not really your grandfather.
But call him that, because it's polite."

"Ooookay. When are we leaving?" Tony asked,
scratching the side of his head in growing bemusement.

"Right now," she answered, swinging her bag off
the table and across her shoulders. She pushed a
smaller bag to him. "Here's everything you'll need."

But what about my comic books, my baseball
glove, my favorite jacket, my father, he thought. He
quietly slung his bag over a shoulder like his mother
had done, or as best he could, and walked out the door
behind her. And what about her, he wondered — will
she be able to find me?

Tony had been tired before — really tired, like
after a double-header and a cookout all on the same
day. But that was nothing compared to how tired he
was now. They had walked to the end of the street and
caught a bus. Tony had never taken the bus all the way
across town before, so it had been kind of neat to watch
the city unfurl outside his window. The whole travel-
ing thing had seemed pretty easy. Then they got off at
the very last stop and started walking.

And they kept walking, all day, and long into the
night. Tony's mother took long steps, her legs seeming
to stretch as she picked her feet up and then snap back
tonormal size once they hit the ground. She didn't talk
much except to occasionally tell him to keep up, or to
watch out for that hole, and anyway he would have had
a hard time hearing her because he could never catch
up. Tony began to trudge around mid-afternoon; his
mother balanced his bag on top of hers, and kept going.
When he got up from the ground after their sparse

4 Silent Striders

supper of sandwiches and apples, he could barely
shuffle. When she found them a place to sleep in an
unlocked barn, he was asleep before his head hit the
hard ground. If his ghost came to him during the night,
he slept on unknowing.

The second day passed in the same way; on the
third, they hitched a ride in an eighteen-wheeler.
After Tony's mother bought the driver dinner at a
truck stop, the two of them wenta few hours further on
foot. Tony was young and strong, and already his
muscles were stretching and growing to meet this new
challenge. But after only two hours of walking the next
morning — the sun was barely up — they reached a
small town. Tony's mother dropped her bag ona bench
facing the main street, which had not a single traffic
light. "We're early," she said. "Catching a ride got us
here faster than I'd expected. That was a lucky break.
We were running behind — Id forgotten how much
shorter your legs are."

Tony sat down on the bench bemusedly. He had
nothing to say; he couldn't figure out how his mother
could have expected him to walk here, on his own two
feet, any faster than he had.

"Wait here for me. I'll see if they're ready for us,"
she said over her shoulder as she walked away, her steps
as springy as they had been when they left home. Tony
waited until she rounded a corner, then arranged his
sack as a pillow and stretched out on the bench. There
looked to be plenty of time to catch a nap before the
little town woke up — if it ever did.

The sun was high in the sky when Tony woke.
Squinting against the glare, he was turning his face to
the bench to try to get a little more sleep when he felt
a familiar presence. She was here. Tony's eyes sprang
open and he looked around frantically, futilely — the
sunlight was overwhelming, he could barely see the
buildings around him let alone a wisp of a woman in
white. With a lump in his throat, he closed his eyes,
imagining her floating just above him. She had never
come to him before in daylight. Was she worried for
him? Or had she been watching him all along, and he
never before missed her enough to see her?

He opened his eyes just the slightest bit, screening
the light through his lashes, but still she was invisible
to him. He imagined the shape of her face out of the
motes of dust that sparkled in the air. When his eyes
rolled back into his head from the sheer effort of it, he
could see her, closer than ever before. She was right
above him, her nose nearly brushing his. Her lips
moved soundlessly, forming words he did not know.
He was content, lying on a hard bench in a strange
town, alone, so long as she was there. She seemed
pleased, too, by her newly achieved closeness. When

Tony sat bolt upright at hearing his mother's voice, a
jolt of memory as vivid as any of his own seized him as
he passed through her ephemeral body:

Sand and water. Red and green. And the joy of
running, running with hot wind in his nose and warm
ground shifting beneath his paws.

Paws? Tony thought blearily as he rubbed his eyes
back into focus.

"Tony!" his mother called again, jogging up the
street toward the bench. "Wake up, grab your things.
He'll be here any minute." Curtains twitched, an-
noyed faces behind them; his mother's voice was the
loudest thing in town. "Tony, wake up!"

"Tamawake," he said mildly. "I thoughtwe were early?"

"We were. Early just means the next thing comes
sooner," his mother said as she grabbed her bag from
the bench.

"What is the next thing?" Tony mumbled as he
slung his bag over his shoulder.

"We're meeting your grandfather at the bus," she
explained with growing impatience. "Come on, it'll be
here any minute."

The memory of running on four feet just moments
ago had been so vivid that Tony stumbled on the two he
hadas he trotted after his mother. They jogged the length
of the small town, setting dogs yapping behind lace
curtains. They stopped in front of a weathered pharmacy
that had a hand-lettered placard reading "BUS" in the
window just in time. Brakes hissed, the bus lurched to a
stop, and a stooped old man stepped onto the curb.

Tony's mother stepped forward, with her head and
eyes down. "Grandfather, thank you for meeting us."
She was far more polite and deferential than Tony had
ever seen her. It made Tony a little scared; he decided
to study the concrete too.

The old man's chuckle was dry but strong. Even
though his back curved with age he was still taller than
Tony's mother. He reached out with a gnarled hand to
lift her chin, bringing her eyes to meet his. "Oralee, how
could I not. You have done so much for me, and asked
for so little." He turned his attention to Tony, who
fidgeted as if he could feel the attention resting on his
head. "Is this the young man I've come so far to see?"

Tony's mother put her hand on his shoulder,
pushing him gently forward. "I'm Tony," he stam-
mered. "Pleased to meet you. Grandfather," he remem-
bered to add.

The old man put his hand on Tony's shoulder.
Tony could feel the calluses through his shirt. "Go on,
Oralee. Tony and I are going to go for a walk." With
that, Tony's mother nodded, turned, and left. In addi-
tion to being frightened, Tony now felt a little betrayed.

Legends of the Garou: Those Who Have Eyes to See 5


The old man waited until Tony's mother was out of
sight, then steered Tony into the dusty pharmacy. "But
first, we're going to get a nice cold drink. Riding the bus
always makes me thirsty." They sat on faded stools while
the old man counted out change for two glass bottles of
soda. Tony's feet dangled awkwardly while he slurped at
the bottle, which tasted as old as the signs in the
windows. The old man didn't seem to mind. "Did you
enjoy your trip here, Tony?" he inquired.

Tony shrugged, "It was okay. Maybe a little weird.
I miss my Dad."

The old man nodded. "Saying goodbye to the
people we love is always the hardest part of traveling.
The heart doesn't harden as easily as your feet. Do you
know why you came to see me?" Tony shook his head.
"Your mother is worried about you. Now, hold still a
moment while | get a good look at you."

Tony set his bottle on the counter so the old man
could peer into his ears, pull up his eyelids, even check
his teeth. Tony was mortified, but the mousy woman
behind the counter didn't even look up. When the
prodding was done, Tony asked, "Are you a doctor?"

"Well, in a way," the old man chuckled. "But I
never spent a day ina hospital in my life. Drink up, and
we'll have our walk."

Tony swallowed as much soda as he could, then
hopped down from the stool. He burped as soon as his
feet hit the floor. His cheeks burned with embarrass-
ment until the old man belched with obvious relish
and a twinkle in his eye. Put at ease, Tony burped for
several blocks as they walked side by side.

After a few minutes of walking they came upon a
graveyard, a tumbledown collection of stones within a
rusted fence. The gate stood ajar; the old man stepped
through, and Tony followed. They walked among the
markers in silence for some time, pausing now and
then to puzzle out a worn inscription or to gently trace
a finger over the sculpted stone. The old man stopped
in front of a headstone that refused to crumble like
those around it, and broke the silence. "What can you
tell me about the person buried here, Tony?"

Tony crouched to look at the headstone. "Her
name was Malinda Parsell. She died sixty-four years
ago. She was twenty-three years old."

The old man nodded distractedly, his eyes trained
onthe empty air above the stone. "Yes. But can you tell
me what she looked like? Or how she died?"

Tony bit his lip and studied the stone carefully.
"There's nothing else here, Grandfather."

"Are you sure?" the old man pressed.

Tony stood and walked around the stone, then
studied the graves on both sides of it hoping for some
clue. "I don't see anything else about her."


The old man'seyescame back into focusas he settled
his gaze on Tony. "All right then. Let's walk back."

When they had left the graveyard, propping the
gate closed behind them, the old man ventured an-
other question. "Tony, have you ever seen a ghost?"

Tony stumbled, and his heart froze in his chest for
an awful moment. Notsince that first nighthad he said
aword about the woman in white. Tony didn't want to
talk about her, but he didn't want to lie to the old man,
either. He had been kind. "A few times, maybe," he
stuttered out. "A floating woman."

The old man's gaze sharpened quickly, like a hawk
ona nature program spotting a mouse. "Does she know
your name?"

Tony, surprised by the question, thought for a mo-
ment. When he answered, he forgot to be evasive. "I don't
know. I think she does, but she's never talked to me."

"Do you see her often?" the old man asked.

Tony studied the cracks in the sidewalk. "Every
once in a while."

The old man stopped and looked around. "Is she
here now?"

"No," Tony answered without even glancing up.
They walked the rest of the way back in silence.

Tony's mother was waiting for them at the corner.
Tony barely got a smile from her before she turned to
the old man, who took her elbow and steered her a
short way down the sidewalk. Tony drew with a finger
on the dirty shop window and tried not to listen in, but
of course he did.

"Ts he all right?" Tony's mother asked.

"Yes, for now," the old man replied. "He doesn't
seem to see ghosts naturally, so it must be presenting
itself to him — if in fact it's a ghost at all."

Tony's mother frowned. "Could you banish it?"

The old man scratched the back of his head
thoughtfully. "Maybe. Maybe not. Might just make it
mad. I think it'd be better to give him the tools to
defend himself."

Tony's mother glanced over at him; he paid his full
attention to his window doodles. "He's so young..."

"Tt will be an early change, yes, but I think it will
work out for the best," the old man asserted. Tony's
mother nodded hesitantly, quietly. "I'll send some
trustworthy folks your way," he continued, "for now,
take your boy home, and take care of him."

The school year began. For a while, Tony's family
looked like a normal family: father, mother, son. The
illusion didn't last, though. Some of the kids thought
Tony'saccount of his trip with his mother was cool, but
more of them thought it sounded like Tony's family
was poor and stupid. Tony got in a fight when some-

body called his mother a name. The boy's parents
called the police, who showed up to investigate a
charge of child endangerment. Tony's father told them
the car had broken down, and apologized that his son
had exaggerated the results. The police went away, but
Tony was marked now; whispers and taunts followed
him through his school days.

If that weren't enough, Tony missed the lady in
white. He hadn't seen her since his trip. He wondered
if she had gotten lost, or if he had scared her or made
her mad when he sat up right into her. More likely, he
thought, she knew that his mother was always watch-
ing him, and she didn't like it. He didn't like it much
either. Tony had missed his mother for years and
waited anxiously for her visits, but now that she was
here for days on end, he couldn't find any time alone.

When his mother announced her imminent de-
parture one morning, Tony felt immense relief — and
immense guilt immediately after. What kind of kid was
happy his mother was going away? He would miss her
— he missed missing her. His mother moved quickly,
as usual; Tony gave her a hug and kiss goodbye before
he went to school, and when he got home she was
gone. Tony checked: yes, he missed her. With a feeling
strangely near contentment he settled back into life's
routines with his father.

After a quiet dinner, Tony excused himself to bed.
His father seemed distracted; he didn't even comment
that it was awfully early. In his room, Tony shucked off
hisclothes, seta book next to his pillow in case his father
checked in, then climbed under the covers to wait.

He didn't wait long. The sky outside was still aglow
with the sun's last light when the ghostly lady coa-
lesced just below his ceiling. As slowly as ever, she
drifted down towards Tony's bed. By the time the
moon rose, she was just above him. Emboldened by the
burst of imagery that filled his mind when last he
accidentally "touched" her, Tony reached up a tenta-
tive hand to brush her cheek.

As gentle as he intended to be, his hand reached
her ghostly face and went right through. He had the
barest, shocking glimpse of his hand behind her lips
before he was overcome once more by alien sensations.

Red desert, green river. His paws treaded sand almost
soundlessly, a whisper of shining scattered grains. He was
asleek, black-furred wolf, and he made his home where he
chose, in the sere austerity of the desert or the riotous bounty
of the water's margins. And he was not alone — all around
him were wolves, black as kohl, now running at his side,
now challenging him to test his speed.

They ran until the sun's barge sailed across the horizon
and the silvery disk of the moon rose into the sky. Then they
stopped to rest on a stone platform, open to the night sky.

Legends of the Garou: Those Who Have Eyes to See 7


He was a man now, strong in arm and quick-footed. The
others rested too, some panting in their wolf bodies while
others also chose human skin to shed the heat of their efforts.
She sat next to him, her hand on his knee. He reached up
to caress her cheek, a fond, tired gesture. "Now, at last, I
can share this with you," she said.

He looked around in wonder. "What is this?"

"This is what used to be," she answered. "Before the
dark times. This is your home."

The door to Tony's bedroom cracked with a noise
like a gunshot as something very large crashed into it
from the outside. Tony sat up, ghostly mist swirling all
around him.

Dark shapes rose up in the desert, black against the
stars. The smell of unclean things twined about the distinc-
tive odor of snake, wafted toward the weary travelers. She
grabbed his arm and pulled him upright. "Run!" she
shouted, and they ran.

With the next brutal crashing, a furred, clawed
arm ripped through the wood of the door. Tony leapt
from his bed to the window, pushed through the
screen, and tumbled out onto the porch roof. Scram-
bling for the edge, he slid down the support column
heedless of the scratches it left on his bare arms and
legs. Then he ran.

The enemy could not match the speed of the wolves,
but they had already run for along time and were tired while
the enemy had rested, lying in wait. The time for running
was over; it was now time to fight.

Tony ran down the dark street; the streetlights were
out, but there was enough moon to see by — barely. The
monster followed him clumsily, collapsing the porch
roof beneath its weight. But there were others in the
darkness. Tony ran, ghostly substance still whipping
around him, but he would soon have nowhere to run.

They reached the high ground and tumed to make a
stand. The desert vomited forth enemies, huge creatures of
crushing strength and tiny ones dripping with venom. As
horrifying as the enemy was to look on, the fight played out
like a dance before him. He knew as he drew his wickedly
curved blade to slash this way and he would behead this
enemy, then tum to slide the blade between the scales of the
enemy behind him. She twirled in her own dance of death
beside him, but while her body carried out its prescribed
motions her words cut through the mists of time.

Tony ran as far as he could. They were playing with
him; they let him run until his muscles burned. Finally,
exhausted and hobbled, bypcut and bruised feet, he
stopped. He was lost, an. undedssThe beasts closed
in, snarling. His hands Balledinto fi i:

couldn't run, but he would fight them as long as he
could. Claws began to sprout and sharpen, digging into
the flesh of his own palms. He heard a snarl escape his
own mouth, his lips stretched thin against teeth, his jaw
cracking painfully. His vision swam as his body warped
beneath him. One last time he saw her ghostly face,
wracked with despair, still just inches from his own.

"We have not forgotten!" she cried, her voice high and
thin amid the chaos. "We will return to you before the end!"
The enemy swarmed up the slope; she was set upon on all
sides, and he could not cut through enough of them to reach
her. "But beware! We are not alone in the darkness!" And
then she was gone, lost in the serpents' coils. Rage flooded
him, filling him up...

..-pushing him into the very shape of the monsters
that surrounded him, taunting him. He heard a thin
scream as his body, the body of a boy, exploded ina blur
of flesh and fur; the ghostly wisps of her form disap-
peared as quickly and as suddenly as if they had been
enveloped in some vast, black hand. She was gone, he
knew, forever. With a howl of despair he threw himself
at his tormentors.

Dawn found Tony walking down the street to his
battle-scarred home. He wore poorly fitting pants
scrounged froma neighbor's laundry, and nothing else;
his body and feet bore evidence of his ordeal. Tony's
mother was standing by the remains of the front porch.
Hestopped far from her, and fixed her with an accusing
stare. "You did this. On purpose."

Tony's mother nodded. She didn't look happy, but
Tony didn't particularly care.

"Why?" he demanded.

"To protect you," she said.

"Protect me?" he shouted. "I could have died!"

His mother made no reply.

"And you took her away from me. You meant todo
that," Tony spat accusingly.

His mother answered calmly, "Ghosts are dangerous."

"She wasn't just a ghost!" Tony wailed.

"Then what was she?" his mother asked.

Tony fell silent. "I don't know," he answered
finally. "But I'm going to find her. No matter what it
takes." Then he turned and began to walk away.

"Where are you going?" his mother called.

"Traveling," Tony answered over his shoulder.

The old man had been wrong. As Tony walked
away from home, his feet were tender, but his heart felt

ikeE st

Silent Striders


TNs ee
T RI 8B Om ORS

} SILT Were

—

f~.

BY BRYAN ARMOR, ELLEN KILEY AND JAMES KILEY

WEREWOLF GREATED BY MARK REIN = HAGEN
ree ||

Se te

|

Authors: Bryan Armor, Ellen Kiley and James Kiley.
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles:

Art: Leif Jones, Alex Sheikman, Melissa Uran
Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

Layout, Typesetting and Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Celt Corotag next for Werewofft

1554 LITTON DR.
STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. llrightsreserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity,
Tribebook Silent Striders, Tribebook Red Talons, Rage Across Egypt, Cairo By Night, Ends of Empire, Mind's
Eye Theatre, Laws of the Wild and Veil of Night are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Silent Striders

es

10
=


Serene

INN ee
Re Bere Be OM Om. 1d

} SILC SCRIDERS

pee oft toon Tae ho Plave RE
rapfer One: The Rong Babb Uy ("&fory)
apher Ti: The Rowd le Life (Sotefy)

AS NS

Dapper TTiree: Physt Steps (Character CGreatlon) &f
Dapter Four: Hibthen of the Sawa (Templater avd Proroas) SS


"Wandering through many countries and over many
seas, I come, my brother, to these sorrowful obsequies, to
present you with the last guerdon of death, and speak,
though in vain, to your silent ashes"

— Gaius Valerius Catullus, Carmina

Maybe you were told this tale by a trucker who
recognized you for what you were. Maybe it was a mentor
speaking to you around the time when your pack of cubs
needed to learn the tribe's history. Maybe you're one of the
few fortunates who can hear the voices of our lost ancestors.
Regardless, the story probably went something like this.

Every Garou knows who we are: The Silent Strid-
ers are wanderers. But any group of wanderers is really
split into two groups — those who wander by choice,
and those who wander because they have no home to
return to. I couldn't tell you what the percentage split
is among our tribe. It doesn't really matter. We have
both kinds. In fact, to some degree every Strideris both
kinds. We don't have a home to return to anymore,
and we've bred with loners, outcasts, travelers, and
wanderers for so long that the road is in our blood.

We're Palestinians. We're Native Americans. We
were Jews until they had a homeland and we might be
still. Gypsies. Exiles and long travelers. Families
throughout Africa share our blood, and so do the
descendants of the nomads of Central Asia. And since
movement is in our blood and our ancestors' blood, we

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us

Qe er

find ourselves attracted to humans who travel around
— at least, those that travel overland. Truck drivers.
Bands. Salesmen. Migrant workers, the indigent, those
who can't keep a home. These, far more than the
stereotype you might hear of the Silent Striders as
"Egyptian travelers," represent our true nature.

Egypt would be a good place to start this tale, but our
tribe's story begins before there was an Egypt in any sense.

Achenf 7 tret

Tribes like the Shadow Lords and the Silver Fangs
are obsessed with their place in Gaia's favor and their
tole as Luna's chosen tribe. We are less so. We know
ourselves to havea special place, crawling all over Gaia's
surface, but we don't feel the need to dwell on the most
ancient histories. We don't have to believe that Gaia
and Luna singled us out for special attention: Gaia and
Luna singled out all the Garou for special attention.

Thus. Gaia was the world. Luna was the moon. Gaia
and Luna lifted up some spirits, elevating them to special
roles. The bears were the healers; the ravens were the

3

manne :

Sere rere re een aren ie ar ory aa re umcrwrensevrensv

watchers; we were the warriors. In the most primitive days
of human tribes, when the population of a tribe grew
beyond a hundred or two it cleaved into two or more
tribes; so too with the tribe once simply known as
"Garou." Surely the last remaining group of Garou, when.
all the other tribes had broken away, was the Silver Fangs.
Stodgy and mired in tradition. But I digress.

Tam sorry to say that I do not know what our tribe's
earliest days were like. We have no ancient ancestor spirits
toquestion. Other tribes have it easy in this regard, because
if they forget pointof tribal history, a Galliard or Theurge
can spend a few hours with a few ancestor-spirits and at
least get an idea of what the time in question must have
been like. We cannot do this—and I believe that the fact
that we can't sit at our ancestors' collective knee is the
reason that we so compulsively collect and share stories of
our tribe's history. It's the best we can do. The problem in
applying that plan to our earliest history is that in the most
ancient days our ancestor-spirits were available — we
didn't lose them until after Sutekh's curse, in Egypt. So
there wasn't a lot of record-keeping of the days before our
diaspora from Egypt. The best I can do is to guess, from
commonsense and from thestories I hear from other tribes.

We did not depart from the other Garou as a group,
as the other tribes must have. We had little patience for
tribal politics and had more interest in exploring and
seeing the world than those who wished to find the next
nearest Wyrm thing and destroy it. Some of our ances-
tors were undoubtedly exiled, while others trickled
away, dissatisfied with the existing Garou community.
Gradually, we gravitated to the lands around the Nile.

In those days the Nile was the greatest of roads; a
Silent Strider could remain metaphorically close to
home, close to his brethren and familiar nature spirits,
while traveling hundreds of miles along the river
through what is now Egypt and the Sudan, and even
further into the wilderness. I imagine that at that time,
long before recorded history, the human population of
Africa lived in competition with the beasts for every
scrap of food they could find. The great cat-changers
— werelions, wereleopards, and others — claimed
Africa for themselves early on. They were just as
territorial then as they are now, though perhaps they
were less spiteful in those days. We were allowed to
pass through freely, though most of the time we offered
tribute to the Fera lords of the land.

One of the oldest songs I know —I will not mortify
you by actually singing it, and since it comes down
through an old Kikuyu tongue it would not mean
anything to you — is about a pair of feuding Simba
chieftains. The song predates the War of Rage, I am
certain, because it refers to one of the chieftains marry-
inga daughter off to the son ofa Silver Fang ruler further
north. In any case, the two chieftains, whose names

translate roughly as Mountain-Stalker and Plains-Lord,
used a pack of Silent Striders as their go-betweens. The
pack, whose name was roughly "Wave-Dancers," took
messages back and forth to opposite sides of what is now
Lake Victoria and the song describes them running
across the lake's surface. In a harbinger of our tribe's
future, the song dedicates a verse to the Wave-Dancers'
fleeing into parts unknown when Mountain-Stalker
and Plains-Lord went to war.

Ipergtorm

All Garou instinctively want to protect the pristine
wilderness that lies outside of human reach. None of us
wants to see civilization intrude onto the most sacred
parts of Gaia's surface. One of the oldest songs I know in
the Garou tongue is the Lament for the Building of Ur. Our
ancestors knew, even in those ancient days, that hu-
manity would spread over the face of the world if
something were not done to stop them. Those Garou
with close ties to the wolf simply wanted to wipe the apes
out. Others wanted to build... I suppose that today we
would think of them as reservations or game preserves.
The Children of Gaia and the Glass Walkers — the old
songs call them the Glass Walkers the "Warders" or the
"Protectors" — advocated leaving the humans alone
but educating them in Gaia's ways.

As a compromise between all of these points of
view, the Garou of the time imposed the Impergium.
Humanity's population was not permitted to increase
from that point onward. One child is born; one person
dies. Our tribes spread across the world to what we now
think of as our traditional territories at this time. After
all, each tribe of Garou had to participate in culling the
human stock, and by the time of the Impergium the
humans were already spread across most of Eurasia and
Africa. In this way the Silver Fangs ended up in Russia,
the Get of Fenris in northwest Europe, the Fianna on
the British Isles, and so on. Although the Silent
Striders had a large presence in northeast Africa, it was
only upon the imposition of the Impergium that we
really laid claim to those lands. Many Silent Striders
traveled alongside nomads on the steppes of Asia, to
boot—the more I consider this question, and the more
old songs I hear from other Striders, the more | believe
that during the days of the Impergium the Silent
Striders might well have been the largest tribe of
Garou. Of course, we had no influence in Garou
politics, but we held vast sweeps of land and there were
hundreds if not thousands of us.

Across the world, most Fera paid lip service to the
Impergium and otherwise ignored it. It was given to
most of them asa command from the Silver Fang kings
and queens of the Garou, and the other Changing
Breeds ignored the authority of the Garou in this

14 Silent Striders

LL ———_—

aE


matter. We've always been taught that the Delirium is
aresponse beaten into humans as a result of thousands
of years of the Impergium, and my few Fera contacts
tell me that the humans do suffer from the Delirium
even when confronted with a Corax in its ridiculous
war-form. So, once again I'll make an educated guess as
to what happened. The Fera ignored the command of
the Impergium when it came down from the Silver
Fangs, but when human populations started to expand
into, say, werelion lands in Africa, the Simba realized
that some judicious culling might be in order after all.
As usual, I have almost no evidence to back this up,
just the facts as they currently stand and my own
brilliant powers of deduction.

Itis hard for me to bring up the arguments of Charles
Darwin ata time like this, especially when they are so very
wrong in general. I mean, great theory, Chuck, but it
doesn't take the spirit world into account at all. Nature
spirits do guide the development of species, every Garou
knows that. But Darwin did have something right. When
aspecies faces population pressure, if itdoesn't just die out,
it gets stronger. It adapts to the pressure. In the case of
humanity, the Impergium started to... do things... tothem.
They started making better weapons. They got stronger,
faster, and braver. They figured out how to till the soil and
grow bigger, better plants, and domesticate wildlife.

Our Song of the Executioner's Weariness tells us that
the Children of Gaia first went to the Silver Fangs and
begged them to end the Impergium because it was
cruel. The Silent Striders went second to the Silver
Fangs and begged them to end the Impergium because
it was idiotic. By systematically culling the weakest
members of every human tribe, we were making the
race stronger and more capable with every generation.
If we did not end the Impergium, within a hundred
years they would be hunting us.

The first king our ancestor Horizon-Sight spoke to
ignored his pleas. That king's successor ignored Hori-
zon-Sight just the same. But the third king, near the end
of Horizon-Sight's life, heard Horizon-Sight's argument
and knew it to be true. I'm sure that Horizon-Sight's
large gathering of allies from most of the other tribes had
nothing to do with this, nothing at all. That king called
for the end of the Impergium, and though there must
have been dozens of challenges to the decree, they were
settled by argument or blood and the Impergium ended.

At least, it ended among the Garou.

Nur of Rage

The first open act of rebellion by the Fera against
the kings of the Garou was to ignore the command to
end the Impergium. Now, as I said above, some of the

Fera, like the werebears and the Corax, had never
teally enforced it. But those that had enforced it of

Se ete

sheer sunivieenaennsirenreeeeesie eee

their own volition — rather than having had it im-
posed by the Garou— saw no reason to stop. They had
never truly acknowledged the authority of the Garou
in general or the Silver Fangs in particular. They saw
the Garou lords as an English king might later see a
French king: a cousin worthy of respect, but not fealty.
Mind you, the Silver Fangs didn't see this disobedi-
ence as reason to start a war. But they paid plenty of
Striders plenty of gold, Gnosis, and favors to take
messages back and forth between their courts and the
courts of the Simba and other lords of the Changing
Breeds, trying to bring them around to the proper way of
thinking. Over the next century or so the discussions
between our lords and the Fera lords got more heated.
We were right in the middle of one of the most
serious disputes. As | mentioned before, we claimed
most of the run of the Nile as our own. But throughout
the Nile the Mokolé—werecrocodiles or werealligators,
I don't exactly remember what they were, and they're
gone now — disputed that claim. Over time an uneasy
peace arose, where the Mokolé claimed the waters and
we claimed the land, but every flood season things got
confused. That confusion led to bloodshed more than
once, and while we Striders are as reasonable as any
other Garou, I have here a short epic poem, Dance of the
Dragon-walkers about a nighttime raid ona Mokolé nest
that resulted in the destruction of a half-dozen eggs.
After a few generations of this sort of challenge,
retribution, and counter-retribution, the command
came down from the Silver Fang kings: there was to be
war on those Fera who would not submit to our
leadership. By this time that meant all of them, with
the exception of a few widely mistrusted turncoats.
We donotsing of the War of Rage anymore. I know
there are songs of glory out there, and epics of daring and
courage. I will not sing them or read them aloud. I share
them with younger Garou only so that the knowledge is
not lost, but I write them down and pass them along. Our
tribes took too much joy in the slaughter of Gaia's other
children, and I won't even ritually repeat it.

"yf

The Garou lived in Egypt from the earliest days,
before the Impergium, until Sutekh's curse and the sub-
sequent diaspora during the Thirteenth Dynasty of what
modern Egyptologists call the Second Intermediate Pe-
tiod. Unlike many other tribes, we never pretended to
tule the humans of our protectorate. We lived as advisors,
perhaps — viziers to the pharaohs, the priests that whis-
pered advice by night — but few of us ruled.

Egypt was really two kingdoms, from the earliest
times. Lower Egypt — to the north — was a distinctly
different place from Upper Egypt — to the south.

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us 15

rN

|

a AA

These "Upper" and "Lower" designations might not
make sense on an ordinary map to someone not famil-
iar with the area, but if you take a moment and look at
the way the Nile flows you will realize that Upper
Egypt is the highlands, the place from which the Nile
flows, and of course the map makes it obvious that the
Nile flows from central Africa northward through
Egypt to the Mediterranean. The Nile is the life of

Egypt, and so the division between the Nile Delta and
the highlands provides the distinction between the
two kingdoms. The earliest lords of the joint Egyptian
kingdom wore crowns and other emblems that ac-
knowledged that Egypt was one land composed of two.

Of course for the Silent Striders the Nile was a
critically important sign of Gaia's health. If the Nile was
healthy and strong, it might occasionally flood, but it
provided life to all of Egypt. The Nile flood plain was the
most fertile land for scores of miles in any direction.

Before the Wyrm went insane, we agreed with the
Mokolé and others that the Nile was a representation of
the Wyrm itself. It brought new life through destruction.
There were other supernatural forces to contend
with in ancient Egypt: the wizards; the Cult of Sutekh;
and the immortals. The wizards weren't like the ordi-
nary earth cultists and hedge witches that most Garou
were used to. No, these men (for they were mostly men)
codified and mathematicized the rituals that allowed
them to tap into Gaia's power. They made them repeat-
able, and predictable. Some of our stories go so far as to
suggest that the earliest Egyptian wizards taught the
Garou the art of creating a ritual, as opposed to a simple
prayer ora Gift. The magical discipline that the wizards
taught one another had no moral component to it,
though, and that did occasionally lead them into our
teeth. They used magic without concern for the condi-
tion of the nearby Umbra. Some suggest that these most
ancient wizards' defiant and flagrant use of ritual magic
created holes in the Umbra, and that the presence of
those new vacuums helped to drive the Wyrm mad.
The Cult of Sutekh worshipped a god, or a vam-
pire. Sutekh was a majestic creature, a god given
human form, or a vampire serpent that could take any
form that it wished. We don't know. Many times
through history — until the diaspora, which we'll get
to later — Sutekh arose, bringing fire and destruction
with him. He might not have really been a vampire,
but his hunger for the blood of innocents was nearly
limitless. In later days he could not subsist on ordinary
mortals, and he needed first the blood of particular
kinds of mortals (virgins, or wizards), and later he
could only feast on the blood and souls of those that
had been specially prepared for him. The debate is still
open as to whether Sutekh was a ravening monster
before the Wyrm went mad. He was unquestionably

aR Eee ee eee en


For More
Fora longer discussion of Egypt in the World
of Darkness, see Rage Across Egypt and Cairo by
Night. Additional information on the same area
during the twelfth and thirteenth centuries —

from a Vampire perspective, at least — can be
found in Veil of Night.

one afterwards. A number of cultists worshipped him
- understandably, since he promised both temporal
power and virtual immortality tothose who served him
loyally. Of course, he granted these things by turning
such servants into vampires, but most of his cultists
considered their souls to be a fair trade for eternal life.

Sutekh got his powers in the mists of prehistory; he
was once a mortal king, or so the story has it. His foes
were the ancient Pharaoh Osiris, his lover Isis, and their
allies Anubis and Horus. After Sutekh became a god, he
slew his brother Osiris, either raped Isis or turned her
into another vampire (or both, we can't be sure), and
went on to rampage throughout the Delta, slaughtering
as he pleased. Somehow, with the help of the wizards I
mentioned earlier, his enemies managed to bring Osiris
back to life. In doing that they managed to write a ritual
that could deceive the Wyrm of Balance: They made a
rite that turned a human into an immortal.

It wasn't quite real immortality; the immortals
could die. But their spirits would travel to Duat and
then eventually rebuild their bodies and return to life.
Their spirits could not be extinguished. This is a
violation of Gaia's law, of course —thatall things must
die, and the dead must remain dead. But we had a
problem, in ancient Egypt. We had four real enemies:
spirits of the newly insane Wyrm, the Cult of Sutekh,
the wizards, and these immortals. Something had to
give. There simply weren't enough of us to fight all of
those beings and still make certain that the humans
were properly venerating Gaia.

The elders of the tribe decided that Sutekh was
almost certainly more of a threat than any of the
others, and decreed in the Lay of the Wyrm-Foes, which
Ican recite for you sometime, that the elimination of
active Wyrm spirits was to be our main goal, after
which we should target the Cult of Sutekh, retaliate
against the wizards for their ignorant destruction, and
only then go after the immortals.

And, not to admit that our ancestors were slack in
following the dictates of the Litany and their elders,
but the elimination of the immortals just simply wasn't
a huge priority for them. The immortals weren't a
danger to those around them, not in the way that the
Wyrm and Sutekh's vampires were.

ae NL PE

Death and fle Uneerworlf,

Surely you know that the Silent Striders are the
only Garou to regularly traffic in the lands of the dead.
And "regularly" is quite an exaggeration. We enter the
lands of the dead only on matters of urgency, whether
toquery aghost fora lost secret or toattempt to recover
a destroyed fetish.

There are twelve realms to the Egyptian spirit
world, and most of them correspond to one realm or
another in our traditional view of the Umbra. An
awful lot of the twelve correspond to different parts of
Malfeas or other hellish corners of the spirit world.
One particular realm, Duat, is the Underworld, the
land of the dead. The souls of dead Garou don't go
there, and the souls of most humans don't go there
either. Only a few human souls go there. We like to
smile enigmatically and tell other Garou that we have
mastered the power of life and death. We haven't, of
course, but our most powerful elders do know how to
enter Duat. It's a complex and powerful ritual.

We don't enter the Underworld casually. It's dan-
gerous. Forget about the hungry, desperate ghosts; I'm
talking about the environment itself. It's dead. There's
nothing to eat—nothing that would sustain a werewolf,
at least. And the storms that blow through the Under-
world since the mid-1990s can rip you apart. Only enter
the lands of the dead if you have a good reason. Here's
a few examples to get you going down the right path.

At the young Hedgerow Caern in central Kansas,
the Wary Knife pack was the only one to hold the
information about cubs secretly growing up nearby.
When that pack and a few of its Kinfolk were killed in
an apartment fire and Wyrm attack, the sept lost all
knowledge of nearby cubs. Ni'mah Sandhair, a Theurge
of our tribe, went into the Underworld in pursuit of the
Kinfolk, in the hopes that they could identify cubs
before they were lost. It was a harrowing experience for
her, but she returned with three names.

Right after the Gulf War, a pack of Striders found a
group of human cultists that had been involved in ignit-
ing Kuwaiti oil wells. The cult fled, and our pack gave
pursuit — the cult used some kind of fetish to open a
portal to the Underworld and ran in. Our pack pursued,
though they weren't sure they needed to — isn't fleeing
into the Underworld a lot like suicide? But they felt they
needed to be sure. They chased the cultists down, and
eventually found them fighting off dozens of hungry
ghosts. After the Garou were satisfied that the cultists had
been destroyed, they returned to the land of the living.

And as a warning take to mind the example of
Michael Far-Horizon, an aging and well-respected
member of our tribe whose young Kinfolk wife died in
childbirth. Far-Horizon chose to travel into the after-

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us 17

a aa er

meray

|

an NY

life to see his beloved. He came back... broken. It isn't
clear whether he was simply affected by the ghosts of
Duat or whether it was the sight and feel of the place
that harmed his soul. Far-Horizon has dropped past
Harano into a nearly catatonic state. It is said that he
lacks even the energy to commit an honorable suicide.

Lastly, be aware that the souls of the immortals
travel to Duat after the deaths of their bodies. We've
seen this happen more than once; the Lament for the
Undying describes the immortals' greater souls, their
long walk to Duat and eventual return into a newborn
body. I don't know whether we can accompany them,
or even if one would want to do such a thing. The
immortals remain more enigma than anything else —
I'm sure that cultivating a friendship with one would
be useful, but don't let the conservatives in the other
tribes find out if you do, as they tend to find the
immortals to be blasphemers who deny Gaia's great
law. Humans aren't meant to live forever — if they
were meant to have that gift, they wouldn't have been
given all the other ones that allowed them to prosper.

The Great Diatora

As has been mentioned elsewhere, Sutekh — Set
— was a god of the old Egyptians. During the most
ancient times, our stories say, he walked openly among
them. Some of the vampires tell us that Sutekh was or
is a vampire; others tell us that he just created a bunch
of vampires with his godly powers. I don't know;
honestly I don't care that much, except to note that if
he is a vampire, he's a god-vampire. Very, very power-
ful, with magic that can do practically anything.

We fought Sutekh and his minions throughout
history in Egypt. The Striders on the steppe had little to
dowith those battles, and had their hands full with other
business, but the Egyptians, the real core of the tribe,
centered their lives on fighting Set's vampiric spawn.
He churned them out freely. Little blood-drinking god-
spawn who perverted whole villages to serve them and
feed them. Wyrm monsters, undoubtedly. Our general
opinion has always been that Sutekh is one of the
mightiest avatars of the Wyrm on the face of Gaia. It was
only our tribe's great sacrifice that has imprisoned him
for as long as he has remained imprisoned.

The last time that Sutekh walked the earth, it was
not a pack of Garou that rose to strike him, but rather
a pair, one Garou and one... not exactly Garou. Shu-
Horus was one of our greatest warriors; he vanquished
dozens of enemies of Gaia and once defeated a Silver
Fang king in single combat, only to renounce the
crown that was his by right of challenge, to return
home to Egypt to be with his people. His companion,
Nephthys, was Strider Kinfolk who had learned the

1

en

arts of sorcery and used them to extend her own life for
centuries. Some whisper that Nephthys had used the
vampiric blood of Sutekh's spawn to extend her life,
but if nothing else I think that inverts the poetry of the
tale, which is surely more metaphoric than historical.

Sutekh had begun a grand and terrible ritual.
What precisely the ritual was depends on who you ask;
some suggest that he intended to blot the moon from
the sky; others say he wanted to turn the entire length
of the Nile into his own vampiric ichor; and still others
propose that he hoped to destroy another of the vam-
pire-gods that then walked the earth. Whatever it was,
Shu-Horus and Nephthys were the only ones who
could stand against him. Nephthys used her magics to
empower Shu-Horus with the might of a god, and the
Strider warrior wounded Sutekh with his d'siah.

I know several stories that cover the next few
hours, and they conflict in many places depending on
who they were written to venerate. The best I can give
you is this: Shu-Horus severely injured Sutekh, but
rather than returning his blow, Sutekh went after
Nephthys. He struck her down — as her magic had
been depleted by empowering Shu-Horus — and then
made her into a vampire. Shu-Horus managed to fight
Sutekh almost toa standstill, and other Silent Striders
sprung a trap, binding Sutekh into unconsciousness
and imprisonment far underneath the earth. Sutekh's
final words were his curse upon us:

By the names I have spoken, O Lupines, I curse you. I
place my mark upon-you, that you shall be forever severed from
thy dead fathers and mothers. I damn you with my touch, that
never again shall you rest in the lands of thy people. May the
names of your ancestors be forgotten, andmay their ghosts fade
from hunger in the Duat. As I was cast out, so then shall you
be exiled, voiceless and lost forevermore.

It took a full year for the effects of Sutekh's curse to
spread over all of Egypt, starting along the banks of the
Nile and expanding outward. The impression that I
have gotten from some older stories is that the curse
seems to really be linked to the name Egypt or its various
translations — my nerdy Theurge friends suggest that
this means that Sutekh uses name-based magic, a fact I
mention only for completeness. As maps change and
the idea of "Egypt" ebbs and flows, so too does the area
covered by the curse. The curse hasn't changed much in
the modern day, though some Striders reported some
unease in the Sinai until as late as 1990.

You probably already know this: We can'tsleep easily
within Egypt anymore; nightmares of serpents and the
screams of our ancestor-spirits plague us when we do so.
We cannot regain Gnosis within Egypt. And we cannot
channel our ancestor-spirits anymore. The Striders then
in Egypt — at least half the tribe at the time, and

Silent Striders

terrain 4//,


remember we're talking abouta period some five thousand
years ago — departed in ones and twos or by packs. When
they encountered other Garou outside of Egypt, those
Striders who were humble begged those Garou to travel to
the Striders' old caerns and protect them from the forces
of the Wyrm. Striders who were too proud to ask for aid
simply walked on, never mentioning their tragedy.

Asa result of the diaspora, at least a dozen Egyptian
caerns were lost. The Bastet werecats took some of
them. Egyptian wizards took some. The Wyrm took
most of them. We scattered to the winds. Most Striders
stayed in the lands surrounding Egypt: Palestine, mod-
ern Libya, the Holy Land and the Arabian Peninsula,
and even as far as Persia. Most other Striders went to
Europe, or went northwest and joined our kinsmen on
the steppe. The tribe fell into collective despair, having
lost its home and failed in its defense of its protectorate.

Many Striders fell into Harano, and many others
wandered into the wilderness, never to be seen again.
Others headed quite deliberately to lands unknown and
strange to us. Some followed a moon bridge to what we
would now call the Americas; a few packs went eastward
along what would become the Silk Road, and more than
a few ventured into the Deep Umbra.

In the generations following our exile from Egypt,
a mute Theurge who was the first to take the name
Nephthys in honor of our long-departed benefactress
first wrote this prophecy. Variations of it have fol-
lowed over the years.

I saw four deaths

One death

The shaper namer definer liar

The spider

Her legs ripped from her

Smothered by her web

The world crumbles

One death

The destroyer corrupter liar

The dragon

Impaled through the heart

Crushed beneath his hoard

The world starves

One death

The creator liar

The whirlwind

Quelled

Becalmed

The world freezes

One death

All three paths lead this way

The mother

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us

SQ

as APL PELL Ne meme

The Beast Courkt

The Silent Striders were not welcome in the
Beast Courts of the far east — the "Middle King-
dom" as the Changers of that part of the world
refer to themselves —until the Dark Ages. But the
reports they brought back were scarcely believed.
Only the Stargazers had ever had a large presence
in the Far East, even in those early days, and they
had abstained from the War of Rage. Striders who
returned from the Beast Courts of the Middle
Kingdom reported that Garou and Fera of all sorts
cooperated in noble courts, each creature appar-
ently knowing its role instinctively. The Striders
were not welcome in the earliest days, and not all
Garou who went east returned alive.

Over time — in the days after the fall of Rome,
particularly, and later, the Silent Striders could
travel along the Silk Road at least as far as Kashgar
and not run into any problems at the hands of local
shapechangers. The vampires and wizards of the
East were quite different from those of the West as
well, and seeing how the Beast Courts allowed
members from all Changing Breeds, the Striders did
not lash out at apparently Wyrm-tainted vampires
or wizards when they were in the East. Our ances-
tors did not know for certain whether the Changers
of the East were the vampires' allies. We have since
learned that the Beast Courts consider the vampires
of the Middle Kingdom to be as great a danger as we
find the vampires of the West.

Wediddiscoveranumberof incredibly tainted,
extremely powerful Wyrm Pits in the Far East, in
Manchuria and on the eastern Mongolian steppe.
Theseareall within a hundred miles of one another,
and are each more powerful than some 90% of the
caerns in the United States. This would be another
one of those secrets that we don't generally share
with the other tribes; afterall, they have their hands
full. The Beast Courts know about the Pits, and
while the kings and queens of their courts don't
exactly share their secrets with vagrant foreigners,
Ihaven't heard that there was a lot of movement to
strike against these things so far.

The recent defection of the Stargazers to the
Beast Courts has in many ways made our travels
easier, for many Silent Striders can name an ally
among the Stargazers and use that name to gain
free passage through the Middle Kingdom. Addi-
tionally, the Stargazers themselves see no reason
for hostility with their former companions from
the West.

ENS

9


|

Most Silent Striders keep this prophecy to them-
selves, as they do most of their darkest knowledge.
Most believe it to mean that the death of any one of the
Triat will lead to Gaia's destruction, which means that
aglorious final battle against the Weaver or the Wyrm,
as the Get of Fenris and their ilk so desperately crave,
will not forestall the Apocalypse, but rather hasten it.

Fron Then Ti-Now
The Roadt of Rome

The Romans built roads. We traveled on them
when it was convenient and when we were in the
Empire. But we didn't have that much to do with the
Empire proper; we weren't creatures of civilization.
Rome was pleasant enough, I hear in the stories, but it
wasn't so much a place for us. Next item.

lf

Unlike most of the supernatural beings in the
world — and I think I want to take a minute here and
discuss that term, supernatural, because I don't know
if it entirely applies to the Garou, but I'll come back to
it — the Silent Striders were there in Israel when
Yeshua ben Joseph walked the earth, speaking as the
son of God. The Greeks transliterated the name in
their own way and left him named Jesus.

Allright, let's take fora momentasa given that we
can somehow reconcile the idea of Gaia the Mother of
All Things and this sky god Jehovah or Yahweh or
Allah or what have you. I have to admit that the tales
[hear from the time that Yeshua walked the earth are
fascinating. The man had power. In the Umbra he
coruscated with energy. He did... things... throughout
the Holy Land, and our Song of the Godwalker suggests
that he didn't even know what effect he was having on
the spirit landscape as he moved through Israel. Caerns
moved around in his wake. Moon Bridges redirected
themselves or simply collapsed when he crossed them
in the Realm. I will not suggest that Yeshua was the
incarnation of everything good and spiritual in the
universe, but I will say that Wyrm spirits wouldn't
come within a mile of him. A mile.

Yeshua's presence in the Holy Land stirred up a lot
of trouble with the local political authorities, which I
won't get into, but it did the Garou some good. As |
said, his presence in the Holy Land drove Wyrm spirits
away from him. As he moved around, enterprising
Striders were able to track and hunt Wyrm creatures
that were driven out of his path against their will,
including one nasty sluglike beast, Varok Urge-Yielder,
that could hardly move at all and suffered horrible
burns before a pack of Striders descended on it and
carved it into tidy ten-pound chunks.

2

es

oe A aceen eertaremeremas unr tances

Noharned,

Unlike Christ, Mohammed didn't radiate majes-
tic holy power in all directions. Of course, also unlike
Christ, Mohammed never claimed to actually be part
of his God. He simply claimed to have heard prophe-
cies that God sent down. Mohammed was a simple
merchant and traveler in greater Arabia until his
encounter with an angel of God in 610, who spoke at
length to him about God's plan for the world. Just as
Yeshua accepted the history and teachings of the
Jewish faith to be true but insufficient, Mohammed
accepted the teachings of both Jewish and Christian
faith to be true but insufficient. Mohammed went on
to lead his people to conquest, and ruled over a wide
area that was expanded by his successors.

Mohammed himself did not have a great direct
affect on the activities of the Silent Striders, but his
descendants and future followers reshaped the politics
and beliefs of the entire Middle East. There were plenty
of religions of the area that were at least faintly Gaia-
friendly before the rise of Islam, but those who followed
Gaian religion after Islam became prevalent found their
views to be... unacceptable. They either converted
wholesale, or, as many of our Kinfolk did, they pre-
tended to convert and kept Gaian ritual secret from
theirneighbors. As is mentioned elsewhere, however, at
least Islam takes the environment seriously.

Now I share with you another dark secret that the
Silent Striders do not share with other Garou. Around
the time the Mohammed was said to be receiving his
angelic vision, a Silent Strider named Fire Walker
received a prophecy from the spirit world. Fire Walker
believed that the vision came from one of the gods of
the Underworld — perhaps even one of the elder
spirits of Duat, or something more malevolent.

The spirits showed Fire Walker a vision of Gaia
from high above. Her body was consumed by fire,
wracked by poison, and choked by smoke; the baleful
Eye of the Wyrm shone high in the sky; and metis
Garou capered about, endlessly coupling to no avail.
Fire Walker believed that he was seeing the Prophecy
of Phoenix, but this ran still darker. Great metal Wyrm
creatures bit into Gaia's body, spilling Her blood across
the most sacred sites of the world, poisoning caerns
themselves. Soon, to his perceptions, Gaia died.

Yet still the remaining metis and homid Garou—
for there were no lupus to be found — continued to
fight the Wyrm and the Weaver wherever they could.
The homids coupled with one another to produce
metis warriors, thinking they only needed another few
years to defeat the Wyrm once and for all, and save
Gaia, but they had no idea that Gaia had already died
and that their battle was in vain.

Silent Striders

Seemann ey 4 /,


Fire Walker succumbed to Harano not long after
receiving this vision, and many Theurges believe that
dark spirits showed him this terrible future simply to
drive him into Harano, taking a mighty and wise
Garou warrior from Gaia's side. Do not tell other
Garou of this prophecy, lest it turn out someday to be
true and they blame the Silent Striders for keeping it
from them for so many centuries.

The Cabphafe

Ourhomelandis the birthplace of three of the world's
biggest human religions, and countless minor cults and
dead religions. Our tribe has historically been skeptical of
newcultsas they arise in the area. We have had nochoice;
they spring up with such regularity that if we were to
investigate the source and true nature of each cult we
would be distracted from our duties to the kings of the
Garou Nation and more importantly Gaia Herself.

It was only when his presence began to be broadly
felt throughout Arabia that we really noticed. Within
a hundred years of Mohammed's death, the Islamic
Caliphate had conquered and/or converted lands from
the Atlantic Ocean to the Himalayas.

We had to come to terms with Islam at this point,
just as we had to come to terms with Christianity when
it rose to prominence within the Roman Empire. As I
mentioned above, Islam itself is not hostile to Gaia, but
its focus on a masculine sky-god as its godhead, rather
than the Earth-Goddess who truly represents the state of
the world, is fundamentally incompatible with our
beliefs. We know that we're not going to bring humanity
around to worshipping Gaia as they did in the ancient
days — though, don't tell the other tribes we feel that
way, because deep down I think that most of them feel
that humans would worship Gaia if they could handle
the truth. We know that's never going to happen.

Our best hope, throughout the last millennium,
has been to blunt the worst conflicts between Muslims
and Gaia worshippers. We have kept Muslims away
from our holy sites, and we have left theirs alone — we
don't go near Mecca, for instance; the Umbra around
the Ka'aba is chaotic and unpredictable. The Gauntlet
there is very high. Gaian and Wyrm spirits both avoid
the site. We take this as an omen, and avoid it our-
selves — although there is at least one song, The Fate
of Hamid Egg-Stealer, that tells of a Ragabash who hid
in the Umbra near the Ka'aba for a full month to avoid
the pursuit of angry Wyrm creatures and Garou.

As the Caliphate grew and its rulers progressed
through aseries of dynasties, human Gaia-worshippers
were forced to hide out in order to avoid persecution.
This started late in the Abbasid Dynasty and has
continued on and off since then. Silent Striders and
our Kinfolk left signs in the Garou tongue throughout

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us

ype ete

LL PE

Dar al-Islam (roughly, "Islamic lands") pointing out
good, safe hiding places for Gaian travelers. By the
modern day the only ones of these that remain are
those along remote roads, far from human habitation.
—foras the human population has expanded, humans
have found our hidey-holes, and destroyed our caches
of supplies (as well as any emergency talens that might
be left within them). Our remaining hiding places
have been the site of Gaia's worship for centuries now
— sure, it's infrequent worship, but they are shelters
that provide solace within the nurturing arms of the
One True Goddess. Most of these places have thin

Gauntlets, and some are even glades.

Nowa of the Seppe

We had a lot of Kinfolk among the nomads of the
Central Asian steppe. We had been wandering around
that part of the world forall of known history, as we had
claimed the right to cull the nomads during the
Impergium and had never really left, when the domi-
nant nomads were the Xiongnu, the Avars, or the
Mongols. There was no tribe we couldn't keep up with,
and no real need for us to leave them alone, as they
encountered the Wyrm and Weaver even more often
in their wanderings than Garou might have found just
staying within the protectorate of one sept.

When nomadic tribes of the steppe moved around,
they carried their homes with them. These homes —
most people today call them "yurts" but they have had
plenty of other names and the correct name is ger —
were made to be taken apart and rebuilt when the clan
stopped for the night. But the very largest ger, those of
the Khans and their most respected followers and
shamans, weren't taken apart during the day. They
were too big. Instead, they sat on huge wooden plat-
forms, and rolled along on logs, as slaves or pack
animals pulled them. Now, every ger was a sacred space
to the humans, who worshipped a sky god and an earth
goddess very much like Gaia. We have legends that at
least one of these ger was actually tied to the service of
Gaia; its clan was composed largely of Kinfolk and
Silent Striders themselves. Iam talking about a mobile
caern here, understand. This thing could move around.
Not easily, and it had to be pulled or pushed by
something, but I am talking about a mobile caern.

Of course, the Umbra was different in those days
and in that part of the world, and the Gauntlet was a lot
thinner. I can't imagine that the caern was very power-
ful, and although the stories conflict as to what totem
spirit shepherded it, most of the Striders' versions attach
Owlherselfto the caern. Itwas definitely a Silent Strider
caern, though, as we had more kinfolk among the steppe
nomads than anybody else did. Atleast one of the stories
says that the Caern of Long Voyages could only travel

1

mee


a AA

on certain paths, "spirit lines" or "dragon roads" or
similar mistranslated Chinese crap, but still.

It came to a regrettable end. In around 1300 the
Caern of Long Voyages was pressed into service in
support of a large scale assault on the minions of a Zmei
somewhere in southern Russia. This was not a caern of
war. The story of Alit Three-Day-Run, who made it
from the caern when it was on the shores of the Black
Sea to Kiev in three days, suggests that it might have
been a caern of stamina. But Garou should never risk
acaern directly, as that battle showed; the caern and
the Garou of its wandering sept were all lost, casualties
of war. That battle also destroyed the only Garou who
knew the details of the caern's creation, and of course
since they were Silent Striders, once they died they
were lost to us forever.

The DarkAget

Our homeland was the target for several European
Crusades during the Dark Ages. Over and over again
the armies of Europe hurled themselves at the hea-
thens of what they called the Outremer in an attempt
to "retake" Jerusalem, as though the savages of 13th
century Europe had ever controlled their Holy Land
for themselves. Inevitably the Crusades brought the
Wyrm with them, and in an unpleasant sort of cross-
fertilization, the Wyrm beasts of the Holy Land began
to hang onto the Crusaders as they went back and
forth, and the Crusaders brought their own fetid mon-
sters with them. Vampires were the least of the crea-
tures that traveled back and forth with the Crusaders,
but you can be sure that the Cult of Sutekh found
plenty of opportunities to infiltrate further into Europe
and spread the word of their vile master.

Of course, the Crusaders' traveling back and forth
also gave us a lot of room to maneuver, and we
expanded our own trading and traveling networks into
southeastern Europe a great deal at that time. We
began to associate more regularly and closely with the
Rroma in Europe then, as well, and as you know many
of our Kinfolk still hail from that group.

In the Caliphate, our greatest collective concern
was another human cult, the Circle of Red, anda plague
that they unleashed upon the Garou, which the
werewolves of the time referred to as the Flaying Plague.
We don't have many records of the Flaying Plague, but
at the time that it took place it was a serious concern for
the Striders in particular. The Plague could be passed
from Garou to Garouand the Silent Striders, as the chief
travelers of the Garou Nation, were considered to be the
main agent for passing the infection around. Whole
septs closed themselves to outsiders, lest they be in-
fected, and a few traveling packs of Silent Striders were
ambushed by panicked Garou of other tribes.

22

Zz

Seer rare eran carne nares are er a em morerensnrensh


The Striders eventually destroyed the Circle of
Red, but never found the source of the plague that the
group had allegedly spread it, nor even any cultic
rituals that might have suggested that they were re-
sponsible for it. Regardless, by the dawn of the four-
teenth century the plague had abated and the Garou
were no worse for wear.

Ihave mentioned before that our tribe rode with the
warriors of the steppe, and they came with the Xiongnu
— the Huns — when they swept in to destroy the last
vestiges of Rome. A thousand years later the barbarians
of the steppe returned to slice at Europe's belly, and we
ran with them. The Garou have always been territorial
creatures, and when the Striders accompanied the
Mongols as they slaughtered their way through the
principalities of Russia and the Balkans, the Silver Fangs
and Shadow Lords were up in arms. Those two tribes,
along with members of other tribes who paid them
fealty, defended their home caerns and the hunting
grounds they claimed as their own. The Mongols were
fierce and talented warriors, and killed a few of the
cockiest Garou. After a few of these sorts of battles, the
Mongols learned to avoid Garou holy sites and concen-
trate their fury on human settlements, which they did
with style and aplomb. More than one old Silent Strider
Ahroun made a name for himself during the thirteenth
century, though, showing the older tribes that the
Striders sure as hell could fight when they had reason.

America

The SilentStriders did not lead the way to America.
After the diaspora, three packs of Striders made their
way across a moon bridge into the lands of the Uktena,
Croatan, and Wendigo, but they never returned; the
Pure Ones sent back a spirit carrying a Strider's ear as
a message that they did not wish to be disturbed
further. After the destruction that the tribe had faced
during the war leading up to the diaspora, it was in no
condition to avenge this new setback by opening a war
bridge and assaulting the Pure Ones. We had to hope
that the three tribes would protect their homeland
more skillfully than we ourselves had done.

We returned to America not long after the Europe-
ans did, in the early sixteenth century. A few of the older
and more conservative Striders still held a grudge against
the Pure Ones, and it took around a dozen challenges to
finally settle the question of what had happened to our
packs. The Pure Ones had kept the Americas largely free
of Wyrm taint for thousands of years, and had no interest
in allowing other Garou to drag the Wyrm in along with
them. The Wendigo and Uktena had simply killed the
Striders that came to their caerns; the Croatan welcomed
them, under the condition that the Striders renounce
their old tribe and gain acceptance from Turtle. We

SS

SSseentianaht myalernananps perseenulicecte Norte

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us

learned that indeed our once-tribemates turned away
from Owl and toward Turtle, to join their new compan-
ions. One of their descendants was one of the Garou that
sacrificed themselves to destroy Eater-of-Souls, so in the
balance I believe they made the right choice.

America is... a big subject. Europeans who settled
America saw it as a big empty land, filled only with
savages and natural resources. The natives saw it as
their home, and most felt that they were being invaded
by monstrous beings practically from another world.
The Europeans and European Garou brought their
Wyrm monsters across the Atlantic with them, to the
shock and horror of the Pure Ones. The Striders
weren't attached to too many Kinfolk as they came
across — the Rroma didn't come until later, and Arabs
and other central Asians didn't come in great number
until the twentieth century. So we, erm, made our own
Kinfolk as we explored the Americas. In modern
America, asa result, there are some few Native Ameri-
cans with a jackal-lookin' werewolf in the family tree,
though of course most of them don't know it.

It's funny, really. The Silent Striders were the first
of the so-called Wyrmbringer tribes to learn about the
Pure Ones' greatest secret. The Americas weren't free
of Wyrm taint before our arrival here; the Pure Ones
just hid it well, and fought it to a standstill when it did
pop up. And the Uktena, in particular, had bound
literally dozens of massive, earthquake-sized Wyrm
monsters under the earth. We found the Uktena who
bound the creatures; we found the creatures. Now, we
didn't unleash the creatures, and as far as we know
they're still there. But we sure as hell sold that secret for
a good price to the incoming Beast Kings of America.

The wide-open spaces of North America always
appealed to our kinsmen. Their interest waned a bit
after the railroads spiked the country together from
coast to coast — we felt that the last of the unexplored
wilderness was vanishing — but with the advent of the
automobile that changed again. Where itused to be that
you had to follow the Weaver's railroads or take months
to cross the US, by the Second World War the United
States were almost manageably sized. We could travel
anywhere we wanted, and take as long as we wanted. As
biker, trucker, and RV enthusiast culture became more
prevalent, we found more and more kindred souls in our
journeys: the people who were just along for the ride.

The Tivertlet Confrry

Most of the following information comes from Abad
"Tommy" Ringfinger, a long-haul truck driver in the
United States. Tommy was born in 1910, and as much as
any living Garou has seen the century.

eer}


I can't give you a history of the Silent Striders in
the Twentieth Century. Cripes, the century only ended
a couple of months ago. What? 2003? All right, a
couple of years ago, I think I still have a point. And
anyway, the history of the Striders is the history of the
world. We're everywhere. What? No, not Asia, good
Gaia, the crazy yellow werewolves and weretigers and
whatever-all they have over there would rip you in
half, why I remember back in the Second World War
when I was in the Philippines... What? Oh, all right.

The Offoman Snphre

The Ottoman Empire controlled most of the Middle
East until the Great War. It wasn't a really strong power,
though. It was corrupt and weak, practically doddering.
You watch your language, don't think I didn't hear that!
Through that whole time, spies and explorers were
making off with treasures that would make your back
hair fall out, usually by... what? You don't have back
hair? Anyway, back in those days the Striders spent a lot
of their time just making sure that ourcaerns throughout
the empire didn't get looted. Anytime you hearaboutan
explorer who swore up and down that he saw Anubis, he
probably ran into one of ours.

This was when I was very young, before my First
Change, mind you, but we did lose one caern, in the
Ottoman Empire, to stupidity. It was in Egypt. We
didn't really take up residence in Egypt, you know full
well why, don't pretend you don't. So it wasn't really us
that lost the caern. But a couple of packs of Get of Fenris
were off on patrol or something — partying with some
of the locals, maybe, they wouldn't talk about it — and
a group of English explorers found the tomb complex
that made up the core of the caern. A very small caern
by the standards of the day, even pretty small by modern
standards. By the time the Get got back a few days later,
the damned Englishmen may as well have pissed all over
theplace. Utterly destroyed it, spiritually. The relicsand
tomb bits were mostly sent to museums and private
collections in England. I expect they're still there.
Probably a few fetishes among them.

Tbe Enel of Empire

Like I said before, the Ottoman Empire was the place
that you could find the most Silent Striders. We were all
over the world, even then, but in those days getting from
place toplace wasn'tasnap like it istoday. Ofcourse, heh,
we had the Wheel, even then, so as long as we could find
a friendly caern we could usually get where we needed to
go... Isee you're giving me stern looks. The point is that
until around the Second World War there weren't many
Striders in the Americas, and in Europe, Africa, and Asia
we were concentrated in the Middle East, inthe Ottoman
Empire. That's where I was born.

The rulers of the empire, the family name, were
pretty corrupt. I mean that in the dishonest, nasty,
selfish sense, not the Wyrmish sense. They were the
kind of self-serving hereditary authorities that make
the Silver Fangs look good by comparison. What? Oh,
what are they going to do to me? I'm ninety-three, and
I've killed more Wyrm servants than they can....
Anyway, a lot of them escaped Lawrence's rebels when
the war was coming to an end. We didn't have a lot of
interest in the human governments of the area — we
just wanted to be able to travel around without getting
hassled. We wanted to make sure that whoever was in
charge would help us keep the humans out of our
sacred spaces and make sure that they weren't thralls of
the Wyrm or the Cult of Sutekh.

We found out after the fact that a number of the
minor functionaries of the Empire were dug in pretty
heavily with the Cult of Sutekh. They escaped the
Empire intact. Plenty of them resettled in the States,
and we know... well, I'll save that for later. Anyway.
The British and French took over the Empire, and they
gavea lot of it to the Hashemites to rule. Conveniently
enough, we hada lot of Kinfolk among the Hashemites.

Zefucen fhe Mars

Ileft the area just before the Germansarrived. Itwas
abusy couple of decades. In the twenties we had Carter's
rape of a few more of Egypt's secrets and the fallout from
Balfour's declaration, but most of my attention and my
pack's attention was focused on another cult. The cult's
name is in Arabic; it translates to Tooth of the Eternal
Maw. Yes, boy, I said "is," not "was," I'm glad you're
listening to me. I'll get there, give me a minute.

You probably watched too many movies as a kid, I
can tell from looking at you, but most Egyptians are not
death-obsessed cultists. The interest in death and the
afterlife that the ancient Egyptians seem to have had, if
you ask my opinion —and you did! — is just obvious to
us because it's one of the only things that survived. If
they had built lasting enormous monuments to their
birds then human scientists would assume that they
were an avian-obsessed society. The tombs are all that
survived, so we assume that that's what they cared
about. Gaia only knows what future people will think
about modern Americans, with your hula hoops and
your rock and roll and your personal digital assistants.

My pack and I were the first ones to run into the
Eternal Maw cult, and unfortunately, they were the
sort of people who gave Hollywood the idea. As far as
we could tell, ghosts regularly possessed around half of
them, and all of them were obsessed with their ances-
tors. Most of the cult believed that the ghosts doing the
possessions were their ancestors, but if that's the case
then we ran into the most bloody destructive, slaver-

24 Silent Striders

etry 7'


ing clot of common ancestors that there's ever been.
My pack's Theurge was sure that the ghosts were just
random ghosts who happened upon these poorsuckers.

The human cultists and the ghosts all worshipped
death. They wanted tobe part of the eternal destroyer —
they had lots of names for it, the Devourer, the De-
stroyer, the Dragon, the Oblivion, the Great End, and
so forth. They wanted to kill everyone. They had plenty
of grand plans for accomplishing this, including the
demolition of the first Aswan Dam (and later, its huge
cousin); poisoning the Nile (they tried that plenty of
times); and on one memorable occasion, trying to
redirect or dry the Nile up, to kill off most of Egypt. So
I guess these guys wanted to join the Great Destroyer
only after they had sent everyone else up there first. I
seem to remember that they didn't think of their De-
stroyer in the same way that we think of the Wyrm, and
they had no idea what the Triat was, but there is no
doubt in my mind that their Destroyer was our Wyrm.
The cultists all stank of the Wyrm, possessed or not.

They sprang up again and again, too. Every time we
thought we had them stamped out, they'd cart halfaton
of explosives into the middle of Cairo or something.
They went quiet during the war —I heard that they had
turned members of the German High Command, but
then again, I heard a million stupid rumors about what
ghosts and monsters were doing during the war. They
popped up again after the war, and like I said, they tried
to blow up the High Aswan Dam in the mid-seventies.
I'msure they're still around, I keep hearing stories about
the U.S. Govern... what? Cheeky bastard, I'd never give
my elders a look like that when I was a cub.

War and Chie

Our Kinfolk were slaughtered by the thousand dur-
ingthe Second World War. That number includes one of
my wives and two of our children. They were Rroma —
or, I suppose, half-Rroma, half Arab. Half werewolf, too.
Anyway. The Nazis killed six million Jews. And five and
ahalf million of everybody else. We had Jewish Kinfolk,
we had Rroma— Gypsy, I can tell from the dull look on
your cub faces, is the term you might recognize — we had
Rroma Kinfolk, we had socialists and homosexuals and
travelers and Gaia-worshippers. Asocial, work-shy slack-
ets. No room for them in the Nazi machine except to
grease the gears, which they did.

The Get of Fenris might tell you that they fought
the Nazis. Eleven million people died and the Get of
Fenris didn't lift a god damned finger. I know a few who
cheered. After all, their Kinfolk were blond-haired
blue-eyed Aryans. Remember that next time you're
looking for shelter at a Get caern.

SR

PEPE FEY Ne me

Why do you have such a strange look on your face?
Old men aren't allowed to have political opinions? Or
are we just supposed to agree with your sept's leaders all
the time? Feh.

herabl and Pilatloe

After the war, and after the Holocaust, Jews started
tocome to Palestine in great numbers. The Holocaust
had given the Zionist movement a whole lot more
interest. Now, Palestine was a British holding at that
point, but the conflicts between the Zionists and the
Arabs in Palestine made it a place that the British
didn't want to rule. This is around the time that my
pack and I left the Middle East to come to America, so
I don't know a lot of what went on there firsthand. I
didn't see the war between the Israelis and the rest of
the Arab world that came after the British left.

I heard things, though. I heard that there started
being some real trouble on the other side of the
Gauntlet, down in the Dark Umbra — that more
ghosts than there shoulda been were hanging on, and
that they weren't all that... stable. For a while there,
some of the Striders who passed through the area were
talking about some kind of strange mind-sickness,
some fever that got into the dead. Never heard any-
thing more than that, though. And it don't do to
spread hearsay when your allies are expecting hard
information, so don't go blabbing.

ViighAtwan Dam

The Nile was always a "problem" for the people of
Egypt. The kind of problem that gives you fertile fields
to plow, gives you fresh water to drink, anda navigable
waterway. Yes, it flooded periodically, but that's Gaia's
way. It isn't the Weaver's way, and so more modern
governments wanted to try and take the edge off of the
Nile's cycle. Around the end of the 19th century, the
old Empire decided to put a dam up near Aswan. It was
apretty modest thing, relatively small. It wasn't strong
enough to really hold back the waters of the Nile when
she wanted to get to the Med, though, and so the
leaders had to occasionally flood the farmers who'd
been told that the dam would solve all their problems.

The High Damat Aswan wasstarted after the Second
World War, and it wasn't completed until the 1970s. It
made a huge lake — Lake Nasser — and it drowned
hundreds of square miles. Yes, plenty of Egyptians got
electricity out ofthe deal, and the dam wasso huge that the
farmers downstream to the north had no more worries
about floods. But Gaia rebelled against the dam.

Wyld and Wyrm spirits are drawn to the dam.
They cavort in the spiritual energy that roils around
the mere possibility that it might be destroyed and kill
millions. Even now, thirty or so years after its construc-

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us 25

SANS


a aE N\

tion, the dam is a point of contention among the
Garou. The Red Talons want it gone. So do many of
the more fundamentalist Fera further into the conti-
nent. The Glass Walkers and the Bone Gnawers and
the Children of Gaia provide the usual blah blah blah
about leading humankind to Gaian virtues and not just
randomly killing truckloads of them. For the time
being we're generally agreed that no one is going to try
and destroy the dam without checking with the other
tribes first. A few packs of the more modernist persua-
sion have taken it onto themselves to occasionally
patrol the dam and watch out for marauding spirits and
Wyrm servants. Every few months they do find some-
thing, so a few years ago some enterprising Theurges
actually bound some Gaian spirits to the dam itself in
the hopes of getting a bit of warning before anything
bad happens. It's worked so far.

Lilatate Firndarmentalit Rovofifion

Radical fundamental Islam didn't really start to
get hold of the Arab world this century until the
corrupt, useless, and probably Wyrm-touched Shah of
Iran had to give up his propped-up tenement of a
governmentand flee for his life in the face of an Islamic
revolution. The United States and the Soviet Union
propped up Islamic states, whether overtly revolution-
ary or just generally Muslim, for decades, regardless of
whether those states were generally ethical and treated
their people well or whether they were merely conve-
nient game pieces.

Allright. So, about Islam. We're the Garou who are
most familiar with it, and since late '01 I know that I've
been getting a lot of passers through who want to ask me
questions about it. I'll try and answer the obvious ones
for you so that the next time some smarmy American
Glass Walker passing through the Wheel hasa pantsload
of questions you can take care of them for me. I'm old.
Ihave cigarettes that have to get smoked.

On the face of it, one of the biggest differences
between Islam and Christianity is that in the humans'
stories, Jesushad the good grace to ascend to Heaven after
passing on his most important lessons. Mohammed stuck
around for decades, surrounded by sycophants who at
least claimed after the fact to have written down every-
thing he said. So while the Christians' New Testament is
fairly short and readable, there are volumes of what
everyone agrees Mohammed said, and other volumes of
what everyone agrees that someone else says he heard
Mohammed say, and so on. The hearsay is called the
hadith and they get more radical as they get less reliable.

The important question for Garou is: How com-
patible is Islam with our laws and the laws of Gaia? The
answer is that it depends. Unlike the Catholic Church,
there is no central figure of authority in Islam, and

26 Silent Striders

ee ee

a 2 7 ae

there hasn't been for more than a millennium. There
are just clerics and groups of clerics, each having its
own general ideas about what Mohammed said that
God wanted. And of course, there isno central author-
ity to Gaian doctrine either. A liberal Silent Strider
Ragabash and a liberal Sunni cleric will get along well
enough, despite their core disagreement as to the
identity of the supreme being. Extreme conservatism
on either side will get you into trouble.

Mohammed did say "the whole of the Earth is a
mosque that is a place of worship," and many Muslims
do try to live as stewards of the environment, paying
respect to their vision of the creator and his laws. They
aren't Earth First or anything, but they do all right if
they're sincere about what they're doing. I suppose
they're much the same as religious humans all over the
world in that regard.

ack Tooth avd phe Aah

On the other side from the liberal viewpoint I
mentioned earlier we have Black Tooth. Now, like I
said, I spent most of the years from the end of the war
until around my ninetieth birthday in the United
States, sol wasn't around for most of Black Tooth's, ah,
reign. But here's the story like I heard it.

Black Tooth was a strong young werelion that had
decided it was high time to bring back some form of the
Impergium. He was very conservative when it came to
Gaia's laws; he thought that the oil companies and
mining companies and genocidal warlords throughout
Africa were in violation of those laws in some way or
another, and he took decisive, violent action against
all of them. Somewhere along the line he also decided
that he was the Beast King of Africa.

He and the Endless Storm, his pack, or pride, or
whatever they call them, rampaged across Africa for
fifteen years. From a distant perspective they did a lot of
good, that's the thing that makes this hard. They
conquered the vampires of Africa below the Sahara
(and used them!); they killed the wizards; they banished
the ghosts. They gave Endron and the other massive oil
companies a run for their money. They used a lot of
tactics that the current American administration would
probably declare war on, terrorizing employees, blowing
up facilities, and all that. But they also announced that
the other shapechangers of Africa were to be under their
leadership, whether they wanted to or not.

So the Endless Storm attacked other cat-changers,
hyena-changers, crocodile-people, and so on, to force
them to declare their loyalty to Black Tooth. When
the Endless Storm came further north, they even
fought with Silent Striders. By this time I had retired,
of course, but I heard stories from some of my old
students that the werelions were massive, fast, experi-


enced, and fought dirty. Very tough customers, and as
you probably know we Silent Striders are not exactly
warriors among warriors. We lost some territory to the
Endless Storm, but they didn't have a lot of interest in
sticking around in the Middle East and the Sahara,
where they didn't have any territory or Kinfolk.

Over time a group of shapechangers from across
Africa came together, quietly spreading the word that
Black Tooth was unfit to rule and a tyrant. The group
became known as the Ahadi and was led by the cutest
young hyena-changer you'll ever run into. Kisasi. She's
the cutest young hyena-changer you'll ever run into.
Kisasi. Looks every inch the warrior, without skimping
on the feminine... what? It's not a sin to admire the
womanly form! All right. She was astrong leader, and got
plenty of Garou and other Fera to her cause. About two
years ago, she gave some Striders in northern Africa proof
that Black Tooth was consorting with the Cult of Sutekh,
and even provided us with some information that led our
Arm of Horus pack and several other packs to ferret out
a powerful cultist vampire and its spawn ranging across
much of north Africa. All right, he wasn't exactly con-
sorting with them. He was using them. Rumor has it that
the Endless Storm founda cache of little ceramic jars with
vampire hearts in them, and used the hearts as blackmail
against the Cult of Sutekh when they came to investigate.
Black Tooth got the vampires working for him. Nicely
done, if you want the truth, even if the little bastard
deserved what he got in the end. In any case, while we
destroyed the vampires, the rest of the Ahadi came down
on the Endless Storm and their lackeys.

Black Tooth is dead; so is the rest of his pride. The
Ahadi continues. Kisasi has a lot of influence right now
among the Changers of Africa, from the Mediterranean
to Cape Town. She has challengers, particularly among
the Simba, but the werelions seem to be aware that they
have some of the blame for Black Tooth's dominance
and so they don't press their case too eagerly. Many Fera
trust Kisasi, though, and they at least use her as a
clearing-house for information about the Wyrm. The
Ahadi has led the Silent Striders to work more closely
with the Bubasti cat-changers in Egypt and Northern
Africa, and we have been exchanging more and more
information with the Swara. Sometime soon, I'm sure
that somebody's going to fuck things up and set us all
back at each other's throats, but for the time being it's
almost pleasant to just focus on the Wyrm.

lof War

Like I said earlier, during the Cold War the United
States and the Soviet Union used the whole Middle East
as their chessboard. They propped up regimes that had no
tedeeming value at all, just because those regimes were
poised against other countries controlled by the otherside.

Se

Iraq was one of those. The United States fed Iraq money
and guns and all sorts of other shit, and after the Russians
were out of the picture the US gave Iraq the idea that it
would be okay for them togo take the Kuwaiti oil fields. So
they did, and then the US and the rest of the world seemed
tosuddenly decide that Hussein wasa maniac who needed
to be stopped. All right, well, you know the story, armies
from all over the place descended on Saudi Arabia and
invaded Iraq and spanked Hussein and then wandered off.

What Americans don't hear so much about is how
Hussein made sure to shit the bed before he left Kuwait.
Kuwait hasbeena ten-year mess forthe Garou, and forthe
first few years all the other tribes decided that Kuwait was
just a Silent Strider problem, so we have had our hands
full there. You see, Hussein's armies detonated more than
700 oil wellsas they retreated from Kuwait. In the average

King A Burvtag Of Wo

The Red Talons had for years advocated blow-
ing up oil wells throughout the Middle East, and the
Harsh Winter pack in particular had been stirring up
trouble around the Endron fields in the Burgan
complex in Kuwait. Plenty of Garou explained to the
Talons that detonating a well would cause far more
environmental damage than the drilling itselfcaused,
but the Talons made some fairly persuasive argu-
ments that the damage caused by the transport,
refinement, distribution, and use of the oil from a
single well did more damage than a year-long oil fire.

In the end, Hussein's people made the deci-
sion for us. Whatever the cause, the solution was
mostly put into place by contractors from around
the world. Most of them were American, but there
were Kuwaitis, Canadians, Chinese, and others
involved in the work.

It was extremely tricky work even ignoring the
Wyrm creatures festering in the oil lakesand capering
inthe fires. First the well head and the surroundings
had to be cooled down to the point where humans
could operate in the area. Most of the teams used
thousands of gallons of high-pressure water from
hundreds of yards away. Then something had to be
done to put out the fire. Two options included
bringing in astack onacrane to "dislocate" the fire,
pushing it 30-40 feet up into the air; and mounting
huge Soviet jet engines on huge Soviet tanks to
suck all the oxygen out of the immediate vicinity,
extinguishing the fire. After that the engineers had
to lock the well head down and stop the gusher. All
of this was complicated by land mines and booby
traps left behind by the forces of the Wyrm —I'm
sorry, I meant "the Iraqi army." My mistake.

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us 27

ENS

_—————

|

case ten thousand barrels of oil burned per day, or poured
out into the sand and down into the aquifer or out into the
Persian Gulf. Each wellsentacolumn offirea quarter mile
into the air and blackened the sun for miles around.

Things got worse from there, too. It took months
to get all of the wells extinguished, and between that
thing and Mount Pinatubo blowing up, the weather
that year was a real mess.

Due to the dark magics flowing around many of the
well fires, there were Garou or Kinfolk involved in fully a
third of the well cappings. There were Wyrm spirits
dancing and cavortingat nearly all of the well fires. To this
day, if you happen to encounter an oil-industry engineer
who's turned to the Wyrm within the last decade, expect
that he was in Kuwait. We had Garou or Kinfolk involved
atsome stage of nearly all ofthe cappings, and understand
that hundreds of them felt the touch of the Wyrm.

Something else was going on, too. Now, I was only
in my eighties while this was happening, so I did
occasionally go out with a young pack of Garou to keep
my bones limber. This must have been around October
or so of 91. We toured a few of the fires, if you know
what I mean, and | noticed that there was a lot of
Gnosis — black, polluted, filthy shit — flowing along
lines between some of the sites. I didn't really have
time to make a map or anything, but I have heard that
other older Garou noticed the same thing.

Thave to wonder if the lines of flow made a message
ofsome kind, Maybe something visible from high above,
in the Umbra. A signal beacon or a message. And it
wasn't too many years later by my reckoning that Garou
first started to notice Anthelios. It would sure be inter-
esting to figure out who plotted the locations of those oil
wells, and who was responsible for which detonations as
the Iraqis retreated. I bet they know more than we do.

But I'm just a crotchety old retired truck driver,
what the hell do I know?

There are still a lot of Wyrm spawn lurking out in the
deserts of Kuwait. We are talking about an oil spill a
hundred times bigger than the Valdez. The Wyrm's bubble
bath. In the last year or two we've gotten some attention
from Konietzko's Shadow Lords in the Balkans. Seems he's
stretching out his fingers. He wants to "help us" with the
problem. We're tentatively "letting" him help us.

The Row Before Ul:

Overheard at the Wheel of Ptah
"By my figurin', any active pack of Garou has to

awaken the spirit of acar, bus, motorhome, motorcycle,
tractor-trailer, whatever, every few months. Say, four

28
——

a Sel

times a year. Say there are two hundred packs of active,
adventuring, crazy werewolves in the world. Maybe
that's not conservative enough, but let's not have that
argument right now. Two hundred packs, awakening a
vehicle's spirit four times a year each. Eight hundred
spirits a year. Ten thousand spirits since the Gulf War.

"Gets you thinkin'. Car's been around since, what,
1910? That's got to be fifty thousand car spirits out
there. Talkin' toa Bone Gnawer the other night, lives
in a junkyard. He says there's lots more cars out there
dead than alive, so to speak, and the spirits of the dead
cars got nowhere to go, nothin' to do.

"That's a lot of Gnosis floating around shaped into
the idea of a car. And Car— in America, I mean, not so
much in other parts of the world—isn't really a Weaver
spirit. Car's always been a thing of freedom. Lets you go
where you want. People who really love cars tinker with
'em, fuck with 'em all the time, too. I'm not sayin' we're
going to be seeing a pack of Garou that follows Car, but
I bet it won't be long before you can summon car spirits
up without a car on hand. Ever tried?"

The Red Star

In 1999 a new star appeared in the Umbral skies.
We call it Anthelios, the Eye of the Wyrm. It is part of
the Prophecy of the Phoenix, and itsarrival has brought
terrible change to the world already.

Soren bo fhe Uneerworlh
Overheard at the Wheel of Ptah, January 2003
Itwasagod.I'mserious. No, wasn't there, I wasin Israel
when it started, but I came here right after, ah, a little bird
told me something was going on. Strange how it felt safer in
Tel Aviv. This place was a beehive, Garou shuttling in and
out. I think Morningkill came through at one point. Yeah,
Sarah, I'm sure that we're still owed back chiminage for it.
It warped the landscape for dozens of miles in every
direction. Whole packs went in and never came out
again. I heard the vampires even threw some of theirs
at it, which means that it must have been bad for
business. Or at least the blood supply, yeah, Sarah.
And whatever it was, it wasn't all here in the land
of the living. It was half in the Underworld. It set a
storm going there that's still raging in some places.
Huge storm. Winds so fierce that they yanked ghosts
out of their homes and threw them back into their
bodies. Yeah, I know that sounds like a fairy tale, but
one of the ghosts that follows me around vanished for
a few weeks and showed up in his body. No, his actual
body. His corpse. Yes, Sarah, he was half rotted away.
Thankfully | convinced him to leave me alone.
Notall the ghosts have gone home yet. Seems like
more of them are closer to the living world than they
ever were before, too.

Silent Striders

eee aes ley if,


INN ee

What, the god? No, I don't know which god it was.
With all the storms, and its location, I wonder if it was
Indra himself. I know that sounds idiotic to say—he was
the leader of the Indian gods, Sarah. Thunder and
storms, too. Anyway, I know it sounds idiotic to say, but
it fits the profile. I really hope there aren'ta few hundred
other gods waiting to wake up in other parts of the world.

Plenty of werewolves came to the Wheel to re-
cover afterwards. It's easy to reach. They said that the
tite the other Garou used to destroy the thing was so
powerful that it reminded them of the old footage of
nukes going off. No, no, the ones who performed the
rite all died. They won, though. Might have been one
of our greatest battles.

Young lumortat
Overheard at the Wheel of Ptah, July 2002

Oh, yeah, I've seen 'em. Immortals. Always figured
they were a joke or a legend — there was a Ragabash |
knew who called 'em mummies. They were... well, ifyou
believe the stories, and I don't see a reason not to, they
were created to fight Sutekh's cult in old Egypt. An old
king, his court, his wife, his warriors, all of them. They
were made immortal by some concoction or ritual, so
that they could keep Sutekh's monsters from destroying
the world, and fight as long as it took.

Now, I'm not talkin' about immortal like a vam-
pire is immortal. Those fuckers aren't immortal on the
end of your klaive, know what I'm sayin'? But these
guys, you can cut their heads off and set their bodies on
fire, and then piss in the ashes, and after enough
centuries they will. Come. Back.

Anyway. Seems like there are more of them lately.
Don't know what that means. I'm tryin' not to blame
it on the goddamned Eye of the Wyrm, because that's
getting old, you know? And they seem to have more
power now — immune to the Delirium and calling
down holy hellfire and all kinds of other shit — but
they seem a lot more clueless, too. They don't know
what or who we are. I don't know, maybe the guys we're
seeing aren't immortals. They look like ordinary hu-
mans, though. No scent of the Wyrm on them. Not
that necessarily means anything...

The New Hiifron
Overheard at the Wheel of Ptah, a lesson to cubs,
September 2001

Bennu was the first. She was born in 1981, and
went through her Rite of Passage somewhat late, in
1998. At the culmination of her Rite, Bennu mani-
fested the personality and voice of an ancient Silent
Strider warrior, Shu-Horus, whose name had previ-
ously only been spoken in half-remembered ballads.

|

|

The skills of Shu-Horus allowed the neophyte Bennu
to destroy several old vampires of the Cult of Sutekh.
This news stunned the elders of the tribe. The Curse
of Sutekh long ago exiled our ancestor-spirits. We had
little evidence that it had not actually destroyed our
ancestor-spirits. For one year, Bennu was the only one
who heard the ancestor-spirits. The tribe's elders sur-
rounded her with warriors, all of whom swore todie rather
than letthe Wyrmorthe CultofSutekh touch her. When
she did rest, Theurges from hundreds of miles in all
directions came to her, praying for insight. Precious little
insight came — at least, none of the Theurges ever
reported anything beyond the obvious. Then the Eye of
the Wyrm opened. Now Bennu is not alone. Others —
cubs, and very few of them, but no older Garou that we
know of — have begun to hear from the ancestors.
Very few ancestor-spirits have spoken, as of yet. The
only ones we have seen have been ancient, most having
died before the Curse of Sutekh. They do not recognize
the modern world; they do not speak any modern human.
language and their dialect of the High Tongue is hard to
understand at times. And they are not... chatty. They
come to their descendants in time of great need, and the
need of the Striders' elders to understand what the hell's
going on is apparently not great enough for them.
That hasn't stopped the rumormongering and
theorizing as to why this has happened. Most of us
believe that the change relates to the storms that
passed through the Underworld a few years ago. We
have always assumed that our ancestor-spirits' home
was somehow connected to the Realm of Death, and
the storms blew ghosts out into the physical world. It
would be no surprise if it also sucked ancestor-spirits
out of theirhome. There isa darker suggestion, though.
Garou have been encountering vampire warriors
of the Cult of Sutekh less frequently since Bennu
began to hear the voices of our ancestors. At the same
time, I have heard of shared nightmares of a tiny owl
being crushed bya vast and blind serpent. I don't know
what is happening exactly, but we think that Sutekh
may have broken the bonds that our ancestors placed
on him so many thousands of years ago. If he did,
though, we received no warning. The bonds were
shattered, perhaps casually. He hasn't come after any-
one — he hasn't exploded into a hurricane of fury like
the godling that awoke in Pakistan a few years ago.
We tend rather arrogantly to think of ourselves as
Sutekh's greatest foe, and as the greatest source of
irritation to him. What if we're wrong? What if he
woke up, broke the bonds, and let his exile of our spirit
ancestors fade away because we're irrelevant? If we're
his greatest enemy and he doesn't think we're worth
bothering with, who could possibly stop him?

3

en

The Desed Condes Cf

Arounda year before the Red Star's first appearance,
a young Silent Strider calling himself Road Dust heard
the Prophecy of Fire Walker for the first time upon
completion of his Rite of Passage. For reasons known only
tohim, the Prophecy strucka special resonance with him.
When the Red Star did appear, he took the omen even
more seriously than most of the Garou Nation; he re-
named himself Road Walker and began to preach a quiet,
awful message to other Garou, one or two at a time.

Walker believes that his namesake's prophecy had
come true: That Gaia is dead. He has assembled only one
or two packs to his cause; less than ten Garou, to date,
believe what he says. My sources tell me that Road Walker
claims tohave proof ofsome kind that Gaia isdead. Forthe
time being, no Garou not of our tribe knows of Fire
Walker's prophecy, much less the modern adherents to it,
and surely if the other tribes did know they would consider
suchathing tobe criminally heretical. Idon'timagine that
Walker would live long, spouting such stories.

He and his people have no intention of remaining
here in the world and fighting the Wyrm when the
cause is lost. I have not spoken to any member of the
small cult itself; 1 do not know the names of any of its
members for certain. However, other Striders of my
acquaintance have their own stories about the cult's
plans. One story suggests that Walker's Striders intend
toabandon the world, muchas the Wagnerian camp of
the Uktena plans to do — they will venture into the
Deep Umbra and look for a new home. Another tale
says that the group intends to venture into the Under-
world to find Gaia there and remain with Her, protect-
ing Her from the dark gods of Duat. A third rumor
suggests that they wish to return Gaia to life. By what
unholy means, I do not know. I suggest that you keep
your distance from these Garou if you encounter them.

The boshfeals

Overheard at the Wheel of Ptah, April 2002

We have always been the tribe of the dispossessed.
Certainly the Uktena have stood by our sides in this. I
would not deny that. The Uktena focus their lives on
their Kinfolk in the Americas and sought Kin in other
dispossessed cultures around the globe, while many of us
focus on our Kinfolk in the Middle East. The Palestin-
ians have rarely had a space that they legally governed.
Most would say that they have never had a state that
they legally governed for any reasonable length of time.

Since the British left their mandate in'48 the entire
area has been unstable. I will grant that it has been
unstable since before that, but I was not around when
the Ottoman Empire collapsed or during the Crusades,
sotrace itback to 1948. I choose to blame the British and

Silent Striders

rN fy,


the rest of Europe. They felt guilty for what had hap-
pened to the Jews of Eastern Europe, andrightly so. They
assuaged their guilt by giving Palestine to the Jews
without regard for the property or lives of Palestinians.
Weare the tribe of the dispossessed? The Israelis are no
longer dispossessed. They are the possessors. The Silent
Striders need no longer stand up for them and travel
alongside them as the orphans of Europe.

Yes, that is correct, my father is Palestinian, as are
most of my non-Garou relatives on both sides of the
family. Not all of us traveled far from Egypt during the
diaspora, and as you know my family's homes and the
homes of the Kinfolk of my sept serve as way stations
for traveling Garou of all tribes when they cross Pales-
tine. Without regard to human politics.

I believe that as the cycle of violence continues
between Israel and Palestine and innocent lives are lost
on both sides, the Wyrm takes root. It festers in the
hearts ofall who take joy in this conflictand whopervert
itfor political gain. We must take decisive action —I do
not say against Israel's army or government, but against
the influence of the Wyrm. ‘Combat the Wyrm wher-
ever it dwells and wherever it breeds' is Gaia's law.

Also overheard at the Wheel of Ptah, April 2002

Jews have been screwed out of property and hold-
ings in Europe and America over and over again
through the centuries. Christians fought Muslims to
take Jerusalem during the Crusades. Anyone ever ask
the Jews? No, not really. No one gave a damn. Hey,
after all, they ate babies, right? And they killed Christ!
Oh, Gaia preserve us.

We knew the superstitions were false, we didn't
give a Ratkin's ass who killed Christ, and we found
ourselves traveling the same roads as some Jewish
travelers in the years after the Fourth Crusade. Over
the years to come our tribe came to regard the Jews just
as they did the Rroma and half a dozen other groups:
fellow travelers on hard roads, outsiders in every com-
munity. We didn't really interbreed with them so
much as we did with some others — some real funda-
mental theological differences, you know — but the
Striders have Kinfolk in a few Jewish communities.

Sofinally, after some horrible crimes against them,
anumber of Jewish settlers manage to claim and hold
their homeland, fighting off plenty of strong foes and
building themselves a secure and prosperous home. So
suddenly the committed wanderers of the tribe want to
abandon them? What is this, the Garou equivalent of
abandoning a punk band because they got too popular?
The Silent Striders have historical ties to the people of
Israel. No other tribe has a strong presence there, and
the Wyrm is always lurking. The Cult of Sutekh makes
its home rather nearby! We have to remain there.

Yes, it is honestly a shame that the Palestinian
people have lost so much territory and freedom, and the
Striders owe them their support as well, but the insane
tactics they have used for the last fifteen years are never
going to drive the area toward peace. The violence only
serves to feed the Wyrm, in the end. Stability will
provide peace; peace will help us win the greater war.

The Caere: of Long Voyager

A Garou named Jackson Longwalker, alpha of the
Black Stalkers pack of Silent Striders, is a Galliard
with an obsession about the long-lost Caern of Long
Voyages. He's done as much research on it as he can —
which isn't much, because almost all of the Garou who
made up its sept were Silent Striders. As Strider
ancestor-spirits, they cannot be found. Longwalker
learned what he could from various spirits, and then
about two years ago he and his pack disappeared.

We didn't pay his disappearance a lot of mind at
first. We're Silent Striders: we go away sometimes. We
usually come back. But strange stories started to crop
up. Nature spirits said they'd seen him and his pack,
that kind of thing. These stories almost always came
from the West Coast of the United States, alot of them
from Seattle. But then a guy I go way back with who
calls himself Horus (no, not the Horus from Alabama,
or the one from Novgorod — the one from Washing-
ton State) swears up and down that he talked to a
young Japanese shark-changer who'd seen Longwalker
in Kumamoto. The shark-changer, Hayashi Kaokami,
said that Longwalker had come in from the sea, but
that he was very cagey about precisely where he'd come
from or what he'd been up to out there.

You can probably guess what I think he's been up
to, but I believe that I will keep my suspicions to
myself, and simply hope that it's working.

The Mont and fhe Waf

lam going totry and present the following story without
any commentary. I don't know what to make of it, but since
I'm getting roughly the same story from two independent
Garou I have to assume that something's going on.

I bumped into a young Garou, Sarah Owlschild,
about six months ago in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She
was a little disturbed. Her pack is multitribal, pretty
wide-ranging and fairly modern. They don't stick physi-
cally together as much as more traditional older packs
do, they use the Internet with a fair amount of savvy.
What she told me, more or less verbatim, was this:

"My younger sister's Kinfolk but doesn't really know
it, she isn't part of the culture. Mom and Dad are suburban
office worker types. Marie's fifteen now. She ended up
pregnant last year, and couldn't bring herself to go through
with it. I offered to take her to our people, maybe the local

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us 31

Saget

aa


Eee

cee af Hamner

sept could help her in some way, but she is still very
suspicious of my ‘freaky communefriends,'soI didn't push.
Idroveherto the Planned Parenthood clinic in Muskegon.

"I don't honestly know what possessed me to look
at the spirit world in and around that place. It should
have occurred to me that it might not be quite right.
It... wasn't quite right. I don't have any ability to sniff
out the Wyrm, but it didn't seem exactly Wyrm-
tainted. The Gauntlet was really thick. Beyond that,
there was a hollowness, a sense of loss, and something
palpably semiconscious all around me. To be honest, it
spooked me. After the procedure was over | kept
meaning to go back, bring my packmates and every-
thing, but I kept finding excuses not to.

"Eventually our Theurge — Johnny Two-Moon, I
think you met him—came with me to the site in the Umbra,
andreally looked around. John's been around forever, y'know,
he's Adren now. He said he was almost certain that the eerie
effect in the Umbra was just a reflection of the emotion and
pain of the women who'd gone through abortions there. He
was very confident that the babies — the fetuses — oh, |
don't know what the hell to call them — didn't have souls
of their own yet, thatso early in their development they were
just sharing Mom's soul, and so there couldn't have been a
real death-echo there. And that the Gauntlet was so thick
because of the repression of emotion in the area, and the
mechanical nature of the procedure itself. believed him, but
thought you would want to hear about it."

I would have just filed this story away, except I was
in Newark, New Jersey about a month later and heard
about a late night brawl between two packs of Black
Furies outside of a clinic there. I tracked down the
Galliard of one of the packs, Helen Axewarden, and
asked her what had happened. Again, as well as I can
remember here is what she had to say:

bby

The material in this section, "The Howl and the
Wall," coversa very sensitive subject in modern American
life; abortion is a religious, moral, political, and personal
issue. Werewolf: the Apocalypse does not have a particu-
larstand regarding abortion in the real world; the material
inthissection shouldn'tbe taken asan endorsementofany
particular position on the issue. Werewolf is a game of
animistic horror, and in such a setting, an event that is as
emotionally, physically, and spiritually charged as abor-
tion will have an impact on the spiritual surroundings.

Storytellers and players should consult one an-
other and the troupe at large before introducing
storylines based on this material, and if anyone in the
group feels uncomfortable at its addition, drop it and
move on. It's a big World of Darkness; there are other
stories you can work with.

32

ES ee


"It started as a disagreement between our packs. My
packmatesand [are all Furies; so was the other pack. They
believe that it is acceptable for human women to destroy
the life within their wombs should the coming child be
inconvenient for their careers or their men. We disagree.
We had come to this city in part to destroy this symbol of
the Namer's domination over the natural order. The
other pack — Hecate's Grace — stood against us. They
claimed to be defenders of women's' right to ‘choose.'

"Although my packmates and I were and remain con-
fident that we are in the right here, we did not expect the
local spirit world to react as it did when the first blood was
drawn. There was a ripple of some kind in the Umbra.
Something reacted to our battle. My pack's totem spirit fled;
Ilearned that Hecate's Grace's totem also fled. There was a
scream. I believe it came through the wall of the Umbra, or
possibly even out of the lands of the dead. The scream struck
three of my sisters down; half of Hecate's Grace was similarly
affected. The battle ended as my sisters and I tried to pull our
tribemates from the area. We had no idea what was going on.

"We did manage to escape. Eventually my packmates
recovered, and I am told that the other Garou of Hecate's
Grace also recovered. None of us are certain what hap-
pened, but I believe that the reaction we experienced
came from desperate child-souls that were trapped in or
near the clinic after their bodies' destruction. I do not
know why they would have responded this way to our
presence. The Furies of Hecate's Grace told me that they
had spent time near such clinics in the past and, even
when things did get violent there was no such response."

So, thick and spooky Gauntlet? Semiconscious
child-ghosts? I have no idea. The only guess | will
venture is that things might have changed after the big
storms in the Underworld a few years back. Lots of
other things about ghosts did change after that; maybe
it had an effect on this.

Saphormber 1276

Every American —and through American domina-
tion of world media, just about everyone in the modern
world — knows what happened on the eleventh of
September of '01. The crashes and collapses that came
afterward had more of an impact on the Silent Striders
than you might initially think, and for different reasons.

First, let's get the basics out of the way. While I am
sure that the Wyrm and its minions cackled and gloried
when the buildings fell down, the event wasn't the act of
supernatural beings. It was humans, ordinary, boring,
mundane, suicidally fanatical mortals, that crashed those
planes. The crash wasn't done to satisfy any magical
agenda that I know about, either. It obviously wasn't the
completion of some kind of massive ritual —I say "obvi-
ously" because if it had been, surely there would have been
some kind of result to the ritual by now, more than a year

Chapter One: The Road Behind Us

en

later. And I don't know of any Wyrm cults that had it in
for the Towers or the Pentagon, though I'm sure there are
all kinds of fruitcakes out there waving their Tarot cards
around hollering about something or another.

I don't think there were any Striders in the build-
ings when they collapsed. I expect there were ahandful
of Kinfolk in the building, but I have not yet heard
from any Garou that honestly claims to have lost
family there. I would not be surprised if there were
Garou in the buildings, but then again I wouldn't be
surprised if there weren't. There aren'ta lot of werewolf
stockbrokers or investment bankers, after all. I hear
tumors, but nothing substantiated. Like I said, defi-
nitely no Silent Striders. Not exactly our part of town.

The attacks have affected us in particular in a
numberof ways. First, a lot of Striders and Strider Kin are
of Middle Eastern descent. It's really not easy for a
random swarthy guy to travel around the US anymore.
We have a hard time taking public transportation, and
small-town cops like to show off their law and order
credentials by pushing around the foreign-looking out-
sider. We doa lotof travel on foot, hitchhiking when we
can, and let me tell you, I've gotten precisely one ride in
the last year. This isn't too much of a problem for
Striders who aren't of Middle Eastern descent, I admit,
nor is it much ofa problem outside of the United States.

Secondly we have the increased political and reli-
gious tensions in the Middle East. Whenever govern-
ments get nervous about the future, they clamp downon
strangers, dissidents, and travel. Silent Striders can't
help but be at least two of those, most of the time, and
we're often all three, as few Garou are practicing Mus-
lims and most of the governments of the Middle East
descend from the Caliphate in some way. Many of our
Kinfolk are devout Muslims, on the other hand, and in
fact several of my tribemates tell me that they had
Kinfolk fighting on both sides of the short war in
Afghanistan. When things get tense there, as they are
currently, we worry about the prospect of full-scale war
and the devastation it is sure to bring to the few
remaining caerns and Garou holy sites in the region.

Lastly, well, there's the Lower East Side itself. Don't
go there. If you're hearing these stories, you know about
our tribe's problems with ghosts. We attract them like lint
toa balloon. Three thousand or more people died. | have
only heard about one Strider who went to Ground Zero,
a Ragabash, Carla Walks-Where-She-Likes. Ever pass a
magnet through apile of iron shavings? From what I heard,
Carla survived, but she can't talk anymore; she doesn't
even see you. She is... having other conversations these
days. I don't know what the Umbrais like at Ground Zero,
and to be honest I don't want to know. We'll let a stupid
Abroun from a warrior tribe find out and let us know.

33
NG

|


Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again;
we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life.
— Jack Kerouac, On the Road

People ask me why I keep these journals. Why I
write everything from my travels down. We're an oral
culture. Our history and customs are passed down by
word of mouth. We don't read; we listen and — Gaia
willing — learn something. I'm lucky. I've always been
good atremembering the stuff hear. Hell, it's what got
me through high school without ever studying.

Vik Stryker died tonight. For ten years, I've had
the honor of calling him my mentor, and more impor-
tantly, my friend. I've never had many friends. Grow-
ing up, I was an outsider. Most of us are. It's a side effect
of what we are. And as much traveling as I've done
since learning what I am, I've never really had the time
tomake close friends. So tend to treasure those I have.

Vik is — was — the oldest living member of our
tribe. Hell, since old Morningkill died, Vik was sup-
posedly the oldest Garou in the world. The son of a
bitch was over 100 years old, if you can believe it. As
a tule, our people don't live to a ripe old age. It's
uncommon for us to live past fifty or sixty, and maybe
less than half a dozen each century somehow manage
to live past ninety. Besides Vik, the only ones I know
of in my lifetime have been King Jacob Morningkill, a
Glass Walker named Wok Wok Rik, a Black Fury

crone named Blood-of-the-Moon, some Bone Gnawer
called The Sand Jackal and another Strider named
Tommy Ringfinger. All but two of them are dead now,
and Vik was the only one to pass the century mark.

Vik lived the last forty years without the Wolf. He
never said anything about it, but I could always tell
that it was a deep source of shame forhim. And I'm glad
that in the end, he found the Wolf again, and died the
way he always wanted to. Fighting the good fight. As
long as I knew him, he kept up the fight against the
Wyrm. Even without the Wolf, his mind was sharper
than most cubs a quarter his age. He'd forgotten more
about our tribe, our history, our allies and our enemies
than I've learned in my twenty-eight years.

And that's why I'm writing this down. Our tribe is
cursed. Unlike the rest of the Garou, we have no
contact with the spirits of our ancestors. For all the lore
we've uncovered about the Underworld, what hap-
pens to us after death remains as much as mystery to us
as it does to humans. When one of us dies, he is gone
and all his knowledge and wisdom and strength are
gone with him. When Vik Stryker died, he took a
century of stories and secrets and strategies to the grave
with him. The end times are upon us. If] die tomorrow,

[aa na an nn

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 35


Sere cere renee crea ere ie ar nr a re amram)

I want to leave whatever knowledge and secrets I can
behind for this generation. I want to leave whatever
help I can to those who must fight the Apocalypse.

I can hear the others starting to howl. It's time for
the Rite of the Winter Wolf. Time to say goodbye toone
ofourown. When the Rite is over, the other Stridersand
myself will finish the night as we always do when one of
us falls. We will gather, apart from the others, and share
whatever knowledge and wisdom we have. That way,
when one of us dies, what we know will not die with us.
And tonight, I will write down all that know and learn
in the hope that someone might someday learn from it.

The Enel of the Roa.

The orate funerary rituals of the pharaohs never
caught on with us. Our ways are simpler. I helped the
Master of the Rite prepare Vik's body. We cleaned his
body and performed the Rite of Purification. Then we
made offerings to Great Scarab. She sent her children to
help prepare Vik for his journey to the afterlife. | watched
as scarab-spirits stripped the dead flesh from his bones.
When there was nothing left to devour, the spirits de-
parted. We gathered his bones and buried them in the
earth. A few small glyphs are the only markers. Some
might think it's not much of a memorial to someone who
meant so much to me. They'd be missing the point
though. The grave is just a symbol. A reminder. Vik's real
memorial is in my head and in my heart. In my memories.

Lt Only the Baghoolag

Now we gather. There's not even a dozen of us
here. We're so spread out that it takes a while to gather
a large number of us in one place. We will tell each
other stories. Stories about Vik. Stories about where
we've been and what we've done. Stories we've heard
from others. I won't record what they say word for
word. That would be to miss the point. It's not a
message or a prophecy that must be repeated verbatim.
The point of this is for each of us to take in all of the
information, and to interpret it as best we can. The
goal is for each of us to develop an understanding of our
tribe as a whole. So what I write is my people as I
understand them. The world as I see it.

The Corse

To even begin to understand our tribe, you must first
understand our curse. Every tribe has something that
makes them what they are. Something that sits at the
tribe's heart with everything about the tribe flowing from
it. Forthe Bone Gnawers, it's their desire tosurvive. Forthe
Get, it's their love of strength. Forus, it's our curse. For four
thousand years, it has shaped what we do and why we do
it. Itisthe cornerstone of what the Silent Stridersare today.

Khem — Egypt — is our homeland, and we have
been driven from it. No Silent Strider may know rest

36
[rm

a ee

within the borders of the Kingdom of Egypt. No sleep.
No peace. Even the love and comfort of Gaia is denied
us as long as we dwell in Khem. And so we were forced
to flee to the four winds. Alone among the tribes of the
Garou, we have been driven from the lands of our
birth. The Fianna still have their islands. The Silver
Fangs still have their Rodina. Even the Uktena and
Wendigo still have their Pure Lands. Gaia charged us
to protect the lands of Khem. To watch over the Nile
and keep it safe. And we failed. The Cult of Sutekh
drove us out with the most blasphemous of Wyrm
magic. Our trust has been left in the hands of beggars,
merchantsand addle-brained kings. Our birthright has
become our failure and our shame. But it has also
become our heart and our fury. Our pain becomes our
Rage. We do not forget our homeland and we do not
forgive those who drove us from it. We will have
vengeance. We will go home again.

Our ancestors are lost to us. As I said before, when
we die, all of our strength and wisdom goes with us. It's
notjust the ability to channel the power of our ancestors
we've lost. We've lost everything. We can not summon
ancestors to teach us Gaia's Gifts. Nor can we even
reach our Tribal Homeland in the Umbra. All that
which other Garou take for granted is denied us. Even
the afterlife remains a mystery to us. Every Garou knows
that if he's worthy, his spirit will pass into the Tribal
Homelands upon his death, where he will be able to aid
his descendants if called upon. Every Garou except us.
We don't know what happens when we die. Perhaps we
pass into the Tribal Homelands only to be forever cut off
from the living. Perhaps we reincarnate. Or perhaps we
pass into oblivion. No one knows. Death is a mystery to
us. Here I am, someone who'sspoken to countless ghosts
and gods, who's been to a dozen heavens and twice as
many hells, and when the man who's been like a father
to me these past ten years lies dead, all I know about
what's become of his spirit wouldn't fill a thimble. I
might as well be a damn monkey.

That said, you might expect this to be a source of
great angst for us. Lots of "woe is us" and "Gaia, why hast
thou forsaken us?" accompanied by gnashing of teeth
and rending of garments. A few of us do this, but before
too long, another Strider will come along, smack you
upside the head and tell you to get your act together. No,
we do not angst over our lost ancestors. Our loss has
become our quest. I said that death is a mystery to us, but
that's only half true. Our deaths are a mystery to us, yes.
But death itself is not. No other tribe knows more about
the Dark Umbra and its secrets than we do. Tirelessly,
we walk the earth and search the Umbrae, looking for
the clues that will lead us back to our ancestors and for
the tools to break our curse. We will never stop search-
ing. When I die, I will be damned if go before Owl and

Silent Striders

ay if

t
:


Gaia and tell them I gave up the search. That I lost my
nerve and decided it was someone else's job.

The spirits of the restless dead are drawn to us. The
dead lead a sorry existence. Endless regret for the mis-
takes they made and the opportunities they missed out
oninlife. Sowhen they find someone in the living world
that can see them, they're the most obnoxious lot of
whiners and beggars you'll ever meet. And they're
persistent. Even if you help them with their problems,
they keep hanging around wanting more. And word gets
out that you helped one, a dozen more show up demand-
ing your time as well. The only thing you can do is run.
Ghosts won't drift too far from the people and places
thatare important to them, so if yourun farenough, they
stay behind and find someone else to bother. And now
you know why we're a tribe of drifters and vagabonds. If
we were simply cursed to never rest in the lands of Egypt,
we'd all be camped out along the borders constantly
making raids into Khem. No, instead, the ghosts of the
dead hound us from place to place, keeping us con-
stantly on the move. Our lifestyle is our burden.

So there you have it. We're a people with no
homeland, with no connection to our past, and no
place to rest. But we're also a people with a purpose,
with a goal, and with a fucking job to do. We have no
time to wallow in self-pity. Instead, the curse drives us

ever forward, focused on the reckoning we will lay at
the feet of Sutekh and of the Wyrm.
Mbdben of Woftar (Lupus)

Once, wolves lived in Khem. Then the Cult of
Sutekh killed them all. One more ina long list of sins we
can lay at their feet. And one more failure on our part.
Gaia will judge us for the latter; we will have retribution
for the former. But there are still those of us born to
wolves. Most of our wolf Kin live in North America and
Central Asia. Ethiopia is home to our only remaining
wolf Kin in Africa. They hover near extinction, but
those of us in Africa guard them with our lives.

The life of a Silent Strider wolf isn't an easy one.
Our curse may not fully take hold until Owl accepts us
into his family, but a dark cloud hangs over us all our
lives. Wolves can usually sense that something is off
about a Garou even before he goes through the First
Change. For us, it's even worse. Many of our wolf-born
tribe mates tell of being regarded with suspicion and
fear by their packmates. As if their Kin could see the
grim specter of death hanging over them.

Therestless dead who haunt wolf-born are sometimes
the spirits of wolves and other animals. Wolves hunted
down by humanscome demanding vengeance. The spirits
ofdeerand other game animals come asking for the proper

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 37

Re ee

NY

peer rv nae core cere ie ar an ma rere)

rites thanking them for their sacrifice so that they may
move on and be reborn. Those human ghosts who are
drawn to our lupus brethren typically fall into two catego-
ties: the desperate and the vengeful. The desperate are
often those who died deep in the wilderness and will likely
never find another human to aid them. The vengeful are
often those who died at the teeth and claws of wolves or
Garou — even at those of the Strider himself.

igen of Mar (Homd)

Most of us are human-born these days. Every tribe
in the Garou Nation is much the same, save the Red
Talons. If we're lucky, both our parents are Kinfolk or we
get adopted by Kinfolk in the know. Otherwise we have
one Garou for an absentee parent. Just by being Garou,
we become the proverbial problem child. Moody. Sul-
len. Withdrawn. And angry. If you're a homid and
you're reading this then you know exactly what I'm
talking about. The indescribable rage that simmers just
under the surface. The urge to lash out at everything
that bothers you. The burning need to fight. To kill. I
pushed my parents to the breaking point. Others push
beyond that, and end up either running away or getting
thrown out. I think the only reason my parents never
kicked me out was because they were diehard Dead-
heads who were convinced that trying to discipline me
would "cage the brilliant butterfly that is my soul" or
some such bullshit. | wonder what they'd think if they
knew I killed a dozen people in a bar when I went
through my First Change. Some butterfly.

We'readiverse bunch. It'sanatural side effect ofhow
much we get around. Of course, we're originally from
Egypt and we still have Kin there, so some of us actually
are still from the motherland. Those born in Khem have
to get out though. Most move to the surrounding coun-
tries and journey back into Egypt as often as possible.
Others travel all over the world, becoming devoted
seekers of the answer to breaking the curse. After being
driven out of Egypt, a lot of our ancestors sowed their oats
around the rest of the Middle Eastand North Africa. Arab
Striders tend to stay in the region, drifting from one
comer to the other as necessary. There's always a few
though who decide they're going to be the next Ibn
Batutaand travel the world. Regardless, Striders from the
Middle East tend to be among the most pure bred of the
tribe, and some of them let it go to their heads.

Africa and India were the two other regions the
ancient Striders tried to settle once the curse was laid.
India was, from all I've ever heard, a mixed success. The
tribes who were already there tend to be acliquish lot, and
follow some sort of complex caste system similar to that
of their human Kin. We've never been really welcome
into that system, so we exist on the fringes. No wonder so
many of the Indian Striders decided to leave with the

come 7 f Geammverrarimrranvannamemmtl

Rroma when they got driven out. Africa was a slightly
better deal. Make no mistake, it's a dangerous place, but
if you walk softly and carry a big stick, so to speak, youcan
get along okay. Most of our African Kin outside of North
Africa live along the Nile River, in Eastern Africa.

Asit became clear that the curse made it impossible
for us to settle down ina single place, we started taking
nomadic peoples as our Kin, and Striders are still born
among them even if they've long since settled down.
The oldest lines are found among the Bedouins of
Arabia and the Tuaregs of Northern Africa. Dozens of
our bloodlines are scattered throughout the horseclans
of Central Asia. Our blood runs still runs strong in many
Rroma families, even though many of them have given
up their wandering ways. One still finds Striders being
born on the lands of the Sioux and others from the
nations of the Great Planes, from bloodlines going back
to when we tried to live along side the native Garou.

Not all nomads are born into the culture. There's
always been some of us who favor the open sea over the
open road, and you know how sailors are when they get
into port. The Wild West gave us vaqueros and cow-
boys. The 1950s gave us bikers and beatniks. The Sixties
and Seventies, Gaia help us, gave us hippies and Dead-
heads. Regardless of my personal biases, each of these
subcultures still exists in one form or another, and each
continues to produce Kin and Garou. Although to my
knowledge I'm the only Strider I've met to claim Dead-
heads for parents. Or maybe Vik was right and I'm just
the only one dumb enough to admit it.

Speaking of bands, it's not just groupies that pro-
duce us. There's a long tradition of Strider Kin living
among traveling circuses and carnivals. There're sto-
ties of medieval troubadours. The past few decades
have produced more than a few packs that travel as
bands, scraping together a living from town to town,
gig to gig. I even met one Strider who works the indie
circuit as a professional wrestler. What's scary is that's
not even the weirdest thing I've seen in my life.

But no matter where we come from or whom we
attempt to live among when we can, all of us are still
cursed. Human ghosts tend to favor us, looking for re-
venge, to make amends or any of a hundred other things.
Almost without fail, the first ghost one of us picks up isone
of the people we kill during our First Change. It's the rare
homid who can change without going berserk among a
group of humans. Some of them might have deserved to
die. Some of them were just in the wrong place at the
wrong time. Almost all of them had families, friends,
responsibilities. You know, lives. Many of us avoid the
place where we First Changed, hoping to avoid the ghosts
wecreated. I know I haven't been back to Nashville in ten
years. Someday, maybe, I'll go back. Someday. Maybe...

38 Silent Striders

——

a Feces iy ff


Dihiben of In Weft)

If the lot of our lupus is difficult and our homids
stressful, that of our metis is downright hellish. By
necessity, metis must be kept hidden away from the
eyes of men. That means they're kept isolated within
caerns or else locked away in some more isolated
location. This may not seem like much. After all, its
what every metis of every tribe must go through until
their First Change. But those other metis don't have to
contend with the curse.

They say the sins of the father are visited upon the
son. For metis, that's a fact of life. Their parents may be
subject to shame and guilt, but a metis becomes living
embodiment of their sin and bears the mark of that sin
on his body. For us, that sin is compounded. The curse
affects every metis offspring of Strider parentage, even
if he doesn't become one of Owl's children. Oh, he
doesn't have to worry about being barred from Khem or
from his ancestors, but from the day of his birth the
dead'll haunt him. Perhaps this is why we have so many
metis among our tribe. Even if he isn't born toa Strider
mother, he'll still carry his father's curse. And we're
more likely to understand the unique torture the curse
visits upon young metis.

Think about it. We move around to escape the
spirits of the dead. Metis don't get that option. In the
past, it was possible for dedicated Kinfolk or a devoted
pack to carry the child with them, but in the modern
world, that isn't feasible. Some of us in Africa and
Central Asia can still get away with it, but everywhere
else it's near impossible. So the metis child has to
remain in one place, vulnerable to every ghost that can
find him. If he grows up in a caern, he might be okay
if the caern totem, the Master of the Rite or some
Theurge decides to protect him from the restless dead.
Others aren't so lucky.

Metis are haunted by the ghosts of animals and
men, seeking the same things they do from Striders
born to wolves or humans. On top of this, metis must
contend with the spirits of those metis who don't get
the chance to grow up and redeem their parents' sin by
becoming one of Gaia's champions. Metis who were
drowned, left to the elements or otherwise killed by
Garou seeking to cover up their own sins. These ghosts
do little more than torment their more fortunate
cousins. Some of our metis go mad. Those who don't
are often seen as strange and distant, even by our
standards. Regardless of his mental health, a Strider
metis is typically one of Gaia's most dedicated war-
tiors. He is acutely aware of how his chance to redeem
the sin of his birth isa chance others have been denied.
Andsohe tries harder, perhaps hoping to earn redemp-

tion for those who can't.

ee

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

Fret of the Moon
Augie)

The rage we feel is no accident. Gaia made us to be a
warrior race. We're Her Fangs. But Luna shapes what sort of
warrior we become. Itdoesn't matter if we come from Algeria
or Arizona, the phase of the moon we're bom under dictates
our path in life. Each auspice playsacritical role in thesociety
of the Garou Nation and in the society of our tribe.
Ragabath

Ragabash are famous — which is a polite way of
saying "stereotyped" — for having a sense of humor. Our
No Moons' senses of humor tend to lean toward the
morbid. The gallows humor typical of anyone whospends
so much time dealing with death. You have to laugh at it
sometimes, or else you go mad with grief. They're one of
the main reasons our tribe has never fallen to despair and
defeatism. If one of us mourns for what we've lost, the
Ragabash asks what it is we still have, as well as how can
we regain the things we've lost. They push us to examine
our own weaknesses and to better ourselves.

In war, most of our No Moons become like vengeful
wraiths, Silent and invisible, able to go anywhere and
steal or kill anything. They also continuously question
battle plans, probing for and eliminating the sort of
weaknesses that could cost one or more Garou their
lives. A few are a little more direct in combat. Well,
direct fora No Moon anyway. They borrow tactics from
jackals and hyenas, using endless hit and run attacks to
slowly whittle their foes down. Some goso faras keeping
opponents off balance with quips, barbs and a mocking
laughter that would send chills up yourspine if youheard
it. Their taste for morbid humor carries over to their
work as well. They teach serial killers what it's like to be
stalked and hunted, or see to it that CEOs who dump
waste into the ocean have "accidents" in their pools or
bathtubs. That's our tribe's idea of comedy.

Theuge

Theurges are the shamans among an entire commu-
nity of spirit-touched. Every one of us has a deep connec-
tion to the spirit world. But Theurges take that even
further. Where the rest of us have a foot in each world,
they lean more heavily to the spirit world. They see things
no one else can see, and go where others fear to tread.

As Gaia's creations, we're naturally attuned to the
Umbra and the spirits of life. As Owl's children, we're
drawn to the Underworld and the spirits of death. Our
Theurges seek mastery over life and death. Most have a
haunted look in their eyes. Something that comes from
being intimately familiar with what lies on the other side.
They speak in riddles and cryptic statements because they

39

SENG

|

Seems cere rue crea cr ste arr a reamewrenserenh

know, more than anyone else, that the dead are always
around us. Always watching and always listening. And
they know better than any that dead men can tell tales.

thodex

Philodox are expected to serve as mediators, and
we're no different. Because we travel so much, we're often
outsiders to the numerous political disputes that crop up
among caerns and septs. So a lot of times, they'll ask a
newly arrived Strider Half Moon to serve asan arbitrator.
The idea is that the Strider will make a judgment based
onnothing more than the factsathand. There'sonesmall
flaw in this idea, though. The facts at hand never exist in
avacuum. There'salwaysastory behind each fact, so most
of our Philodox tend to become pretty good detectives.
Some septs get annoyed when some outsider starts poking
around in their dirty laundry, but they keep asking us to
arbitrate so they must not mind it too much.

The other job of the Philodox is to act as judge (and
when need be, jury and executioner). Ghosts come to
use wanting closure for whatever baggage they carried
with them tothe otherside. Fora lotof them, that means
revenge on the people who killed them or who other-
wise done them wrong. So who better to come to for
vengeance thana 400 pound killing machine. Ofcourse,
ghosts are just like the living. Lots of them are liars, are
exaggerating the wrongs done against them out of a
need for petty revenge, or are otherwise full of shit. So
most requests of that nature get forwarded to the nearest
Philodox. The Half Moon will find out the truth. If the
ghost has a legitimate grievance, the Strider will act on
it. If not, well, we have ways of punishing the dead too.

Cblard

Vik once told me that the only thing the past is good
for is enriching the present. If it can't teach you some-
thing, if it can't inspire you, then it's just so much excess
baggage. That's what Galliards do. We teach and in-
spire. Both of those roles are absolutely vital to us as a
tribe. Without our ancestors, we have no direct connec-
tion to our tribe's history. Our history exists only within
the hearts and minds of the living. Without Galliards to
make sure our history and culture passes on from one
generation to the next, using stories and songs, our
history will die out and be gone forever. For us, the
Galliard's role isa most sacred trust. Andit'sone that our
Galliards — myself included — take very seriously.

Our responsibility to inspire is equally sacred. For
thousands of years, we've been barred from our homeland,
cut off from our ancestorsand hounded from place toplace
by the ghosts of the dead. We could have given up, fallen
into Harano and faded into oblivion. But we haven't.
We've kept going and we have no plans to quit any time
soon. Our history inspires us to keep struggling. It doesn't

4

—~ynenam

matter if its the need for revenge against the Cult of
Sutekh, the desire to live up to the standards set by those
who came before us, or simple pride in who we are. We
keep fighting, no matter how difficult the odds may be.

Atrow

Most of Egypt's warrior traditions have been forgot-
ten. The past few centuries have seen them cast as more
of a nation of scholars and mystics. Other tribes some-
times foster the idea that the same holds true for us. The
Get had their Vikings, so they must be fierce warriors.
The Striders have their necromantic priests, so they
must not be that good in a fight. More fools they. We
were old when the human cultures of Khem were
newborn. But unlike the other "warrior tribes," our
Ahroun aren't braggarts. Oh, they make their claims for
Glory and Honor just like any warrior. But it never
becomes the focal point of their lives. No, our Ahroun
are much more reserved. Maybe it's because they know
first hand of the ghosts that war leaves in its wake.

Ahrounare meantto protect. Because we move around
so much, it's hard for our Full Moons to protect caerns all
the time. Instead, we favor a more proactive approach. Our
Ahroun seek out threats before they attack, and destroy
them then rather than later when they are at a caern
doorstep. Sometimes ghosts will lead Ahroun to the mon-
sters that killed them. Owl's spirits also lead us to the beasts
that stalk the night. We know all too well of the creatures
that lurk in the darkness, preying on humans who try to
pretendsuch boogeymen no longerexist. Our Ahrounstalk
silently through that darkness, hunting the hunters.
Pie of Fauage

Long is the road and hard is the way that leads to
becominga Silent Strider. Because we're forced tomove
around so much, teaching our cubs can be fairly compli-
cated. Actually, it can get to be a pain in the ass. Most
of our cubs get their first taste of Garou society as part of
another tribe's sept; I spent my first few weeks among a
sept of Fianna in east Tennessee. That's where they
learn the basics of what it's like to be Garou. How to
control the Change, how to deal with spirits without
making an ass of yourself and all that other fun stuff.
Eventually, one of the Striders that the sept is familiar
with returns from his wandering and takes up the new
cub's education for as long as he can. If circumstances
force him back on the road, he'll turn the cub over to
another Strider ifhecan. Ifnot, the cub gets his first taste
of life on the road and joins his teacher on his travels.
Either way, this is when the cub learns the specifics of
life as a Strider. Our history, our curse, the basics about
the Underworld, and what Owl expects of his children.
After all that, the cub is ready for his Rite of Passage.

Silent Striders

FEET

ue

Our Rite of Passage is a three-part affair. The first is
a trial of Will and Honor. The second of Gnosis and
Wisdom. The final test is of Rage and Glory. The first trial
involves delivering a message from one sept to another.
This may sound simple, but it's not. The cub must
memorize the message word for word. Remember, we
preserve our culture orally and not with written words, so
memory is vital. (Yes, by writing this stuff down, | am
beingasick, degenerate cultural deviant.) Plusit'snotlike
we can always write a message down. Most wolf-born are
completely illiterate, and all but the most vague messages
would threaten the Veil if they fell into the wrong hands.
So the cub has to learn the message by heart, then he has
to get it where it needs to go. An Owl spirit is summoned
to serve as the cub's guide and Owl's brood is famous for
picking the scenic route. The trek inevitably takes the
cub through dangerous territory — war zones, cities, the
Underworld — until he finally gets to the Sept the
message is meant for. By completing the journey, the cub
demonstrates that she has the Will to overcome the
difficulties of her travels and the Honor to carry out the
task which was entrusted to her.

The second trial requires to cub to deal with one of the
Restless Dead. A ghost issummoned and the cub must help
itdeal with its unresolved business in the living world. This
isn'tas simple as it looks. As I've said before, ghosts are just
like people. A lot of them are full of it and aren't above
stretching the truth or outright lying just to get your
sympathy. The cub's task is to figure out how sincere the
ghost is, help it if it deserves it and drive it off if it doesn't.
By dealing with the ghost, the cub shows that she has the
ability to connect and deal with the ephemeral world and
thatshe possesses the Wisdom to make intelligent choices.

The final test is trial by combat. The cub must hunt
down and kill a creature of the Wyrm. Most of our cubs
hunt vampires, but some go for fomori, Wyrm cultists or
Banes. As long as the cub finds and kills her target, it
doesn'treally matter how she does it. Usually the cubstalks
the monster until it's alone, then tears its head off. A few
of our cubs — Ahroun especially — pass up stalking and
just find the monster, rip its leg off and beat it and its four
buddies to death with it. Whatever floats the kid's boat.

Name of Remembrance

Once a Strider has finished her Rite of Passage,
they're one of the tribe. Tosymbolize the ending of their
old life and the beginning of their new one, the Cliath
takes a new name. Like the rest of the Garou, we have
our "deed names." Stalks Death, Buries-the-Dead, and
so forth. But we also take on a new common name as
well. This name is called a Remembrance Name. It's
always Egyptian—ora Greek translation of Egyptian —
in nature. Something like Horus, Anubis, or Menu.
Some of us adapt our Remembrance Name as our full-

Seton ener nereseaareniveeeaeeaSGoa Nex eee

time name. Others of us use it only at moots. My
Remembrance Name is Narmer, but I only use it for
formal occasions. The reason for this Remembrance
Name is to remind us of where we come from. It'sa small
thing, but it helps keep the spirit of Khem alive within
our hearts and minds. It's a remembrance of what Gaia
gave us, of what we lost, and of what we will have again.

There are a few names we never take though. One,
of course is Sutekh or Set. This is a name to be forever
cursed. No Strider will even speak that name without
spitting afterwards. Likewise, we will never take the name
of Ausare, or Osiris. Human magics may have redeemed
him after his destruction, but we can never forget that he
too was one of the undead. Gaia will weigh and judge his
heart now, but we will not honor him. Although female
Striders will take the name Eset, few will take her Greek
name, Isis. The Cult of Isis was once anally of sorts against
the Cult of Sutekh, but they grew corrupt and debased,
and ended their days as worthless puppets for the Wyrm.
and Sutekh. Better we remember them as the daughters
of Eset who used magic and learning to protect the lands
of Khem than as the sad mockery they became. The last
names we don't take are those of Sebek and Bastet (whom
the Greeks call Bast). They have their own children, and
we honor them not by taking their names, but with the
peace of the Ahadi this may change in time.

The Myth of the Lone Woff

Every tribe has its stereotypes, and we're no differ-
ent. Of course, most of these stereotypes are outsiders'
misconceptions. The biggest misconception about us
is that we're an entire tribe of lone wolves who travel
alone and barely associate with others. What's funny is
you never hear lupus saying this. Maybe it's because
they instinctively know what a Glass Walker friend of
mine once said: "A lone wolf is a dead wolf."

Humans and wolves are both social creatures.
They crave companionship, and as men and wolves,
Garou are no different. Yes, we go off on our own at
times. So do members of every other tribe. You can't
exactly go looking for a mate with other Garou in tow.
Sure, maybe she's got four friends — of different
genders, unless your pack is a guys-only club —who are
also looking to get lucky... and maybe the Red Talons
will start letting monkeys join their tribe. It's not just
mating. Family. Personal business. Spiritual matters.
On top of that, we get to add dealing with annoying
ghosts and trips into the Dark Umbra, which most
other Garou would just as soon avoid. But there's a
difference between taking a week of "private time" and
spending your entire life as an antisocial hermit.

Almost all of us are members of a pack. It's a
survival instinct. Garouare more effective and danger-
ous in groups, so we're naturally inclined to stay ina

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 41

SO aN

mame:

ne A"

group. We're nomads, yes, so we join nomadic packs.
Often, this means a pack made up entirely of Silent
Striders. You see this a lot in Africa and Central Asia,
where we tend to be among the majority. If we aren't
in the majority, we just find Garou from other tribes
who are also nomadic. This isn't that hard, really.
There's always a nice collection of other Garou whose
doings require them to travel. So we round up a few
friends, find a totem and hit the road.

The only time Striders tend to be loners in the long
term is when they get old. Elders have usually seen most of
their pack mates die. So they tend to drift from sept to sept,
enjoying the company of others as long as they can before
having to move on. Sometimes though, these Elders form
new packs, either with other Elders or with younger Garou
who need the help. No wolf can remain alone forever.

The Niyth of the Roottess Manderer

The other misconception about us isn't so much of
a misconception as it is a misunderstanding. Yes, we
are nomads. No, that does not mean we aimlessly
wander the four corners of the globe, wherever the
winds may take us. When nomadic tribes wander, they
follow aset pattern. From this oasis to that town. From
this hunting ground to that trading post. The only
difference between them and us is that we move as
individual packs instead of as an entire tribe.

While most Garou have one sept and caern that
serves as their home and territory, we have to operate
ona larger scale. Rather than pick one small area as a
protectorate, each of us works a circuit. This circuit is
asizable geographic area, usually with several caerns or
septs within it. We travel the circuit, going from caern
tocaern, sept to sept in a semipermanent pattern. This
enables us to carry news, warnings and other informa-
tion between septs and to patrol the areas between
caerns for dangers that might be too far away from the
Caern's bawn for anyone to have noticed it yet.

Different Striders work different sized circuits.
Some may wander only a few hundred miles in either
direction. Others may wander entire continents. Mas-
ter Patel of the Wheel of Ptah Sept never travels more
than a day's run from Casablanca. Anubis Hillwalker
works a circuit that takes him from West Virginia to
Georgia and back again. I travel all over the United
States east of the Mississippi River. Walks-With-
Might, Gaia keep him, travels all of Africa. And then
you have the rare ones like Mephi Faster-than-Death
who actually do travel the entire world. But even
Mephi tends to keep to a pattern of sorts, checking in
with certain caerns at least once a year.

You may wonder why we do this. Why we adopt so
much territory as our protectorate, and why we work to
help defend so many caerns. That's an easy one, really.

42

i ———

Gaia charged us to protect Khem. We failed. So now we
work to aid the other tribes any way we can, in the hope
that they'll never have to endure the same failure we have.

Tha Ntyfh of the Capea

Sigh. And then there are those misconceptions
that make me want to beat my head against a large rock
until I'm unconscious. If a vampire died every time I
heard some crack-induced story about the Rroma and
our relations with them, we'd all be sleeping under the
stars of Egypt's night sky tonight.

So here's the story, if for some reason you haven't
heard it. When we left Egypt, we scattered to the four
winds. Some of us tried settling in India, but it wasn't a
huge success (not to say it was a failure, just that there
are reasons why we aren't known as "the Indian tribe"
these days). Over a thousand years ago, a bunch of
soldiers and their camp followers had to leave India and
move into Persia. A bunch of Indian Striders thought,
"hey, these guys are probably going to be on the move for
a while, so why don't we follow with them and use
whoever we can for breeding stock." Such is the noble
beginnings of our relationship with the Gypsies. And
every time they moved, a bunch of Striders tagged along
and tried to score. Tag n' Shag, so to speak. So today you
have a number of our tribe born to Rroma Kinfolk.
That's it. We didn't pick them because they were Gaia's
most favored children or they have some sort of special
insight into the universe born solely from them being
Little Brown Brothers or whatever this week's' favorite
friend of a friend story is. They were migrating and we
decided to tag along. End of story.

Of course, since a bunch of us actually are born
among the Rroma, a whole other mess of misconcep-
tions comes up. At least half of them come from the
dumb stereotypes monkeys have about Rroma. People
watch too many bad movies or read too many crappy
books and start thinking that gypsies are these care-free,
happy go lucky scarf-wearing souls who dance and sing
while stealing chickens and justifying it with the kind of
lame-ass philosophy on the nature of property owner-
ship that college freshmen think is really deep and
revolutionary. It all comes from that "noble savage"
bullshit that first caught on about a century or so ago.

Yeah, some Rroma'll steal from you. But they do it
because they want your shit and since you aren't one of
their people, they really don't give two tugs of a dead
dog's cock what you think. Just like every other bunch
of thieves out there. Some of them do fortune telling to,
but it's entirely a show for the rubes. Always has been.
Oh, sure, there are some Rroma who practice real magic,
just like there are some among every other culture. But
that's mostly spirit magic and the odd curse. That anda
whole lot of parlor tricks. And no, we don't learn secret

Silent Striders

ay i,


Gypsy magics. Our powers and rites are gifts given to us
by Gaia and the spirits. It's far superior to any human
tricks and I'll be damned if I'm going to spit in the faces
of the spirits by telling them I'd rather spend my time
learning monkey magic than seeking out their wisdom.

But you want to know the biggest secret about us
and the Rroma? We can't really live among them. You
see, the Rroma have some deeply serious cultural
taboos about physical and spiritual cleanliness. Part of
that belief is that the spirits of the dead are inherently
unclean, or marimé. Those who have been touched by
the dead are marimé as well. When a Rroma-born
Strider comes of age and undergoes the Rite of Passage,
he becomes a ghost magnet. Eventually, someone
among the community will notice he's haunted and he
becomes persona non grata. Sometimes he can work
his way back into another community fora little while,
but eventually he'll be found out again. To make
things ever tougher, the Rroma believe that sometimes
angry ghosts will come backas creatures called mul6 —
the living dead. I'm guessing what they usually think of
as mulé are vampires. But because mulé can take the
form of wolves, some Rroma believe we're mulé as well.
That's got to bea kick in the head fora Cliath. Become
one of Gaia's chosen, and your family thinks you're a
damn vampire. The fact that owls are considered an ill
omen among the Rroma doesn't help matters either.

So there you have it, the truth about the Silent
Striders and the Rroma. Of course, other tribes have
Rroma Kin, too. But they never seem to get saddled
with the lame stereotypes.

Oh, and if you ever see a Garou dressed like an
extra from a Dracula movie, playing a violin and
offering to read your palm, it's probably a Ragabash
planning to make a fool of you.

Compt

Like every other tribe, we get folks who come
together out of common interests and goals. We only
have a few camps, though. They aren't organizations,
with leaders and membership lists or anything. More
like special brotherhoods that specialize in a single
broad field. Striders in camps recognize each other as
members, aid and support each other when possible, and
sometimes keep their own unique secrets and lore. Most
ofthem recruitnew members from cubsandcliath. They
find young folks whose interests are similar to theirs and
convince them that doing this one thing is vitally
important to the health and safety of the tribe.

Jeekort

The Seekers are supposedly our oldest camp. In
the days when we still watched over Egypt, they were

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

Qe

Sccesense uneeemvwesmren.remsamnsttoeNeran

the first to travel beyond the lands of Khem. The first
Seekers would travel up and down the Nile, across the
desert sands and into the Umbra, looking for anything
interesting they could find. They'd dare the wastes of
the frozen north, the jungles and savannas of the south,
and even the alien lands of Cathay. When a Seeker
returned to Khem, he brought back odd scraps of spirit
lore and unusual fetishes, as well as news of what was
happening in the lands of the other tribes and reports
of where Wyrm beasts lurked. When we were driven
from Egypt, the Seekers were invaluable in helping us
find new places to hang our hats for the night.

Ever since then, the Seekers have continued their
work, but with a new purpose. They endlessly quest for
a way to break our curse. To regain contact with our
ancestors. To enable us to once again return to the lands
of Khem. In doing so, the Seekers go everywhere and
investigate any avenue that might seem promising. As
aresult, they are some of the best informed, most clever
and knowledgeable Striders, each being a treasure trove
of lore on a wide variety of subjects. We have an old
saying: If you want to learn about something, ask a
Seeker. History, politics, religion, magic, the spirit world,
you name it, a Seeker will either know about it or know
who or where to point you at to learn it.

Homid and lupus Seekers almost always spend
time learning how the other half lives, so to speak.
Human-born learn how to survive in the wilderness as
wolves and to depend on their instincts and senses as
much as they do their hands and minds. Wolf-born
take the time to grasp some of the nuances of monkey
culture. How to speak different languages, how to pass
in different cultures and how to use tools. Metis Seek-
ers tend to focus their attentions on Garou culture and
on the Umbra, learning the histories of other tribes
and the secrets of countless spirits. All of them learn
how to deal with the Restless Dead. To the Seekers,
ghosts are a window to the past and a potential source
of knowledge they aren't willing to pass up if possible.

Ragabash Seekers tend to look for secrets and lore
in the strangest of places. They tempt death in the lairs
of vampires, the hidden vaults of magicians and the
darkest corners of the Umbra, stealing anything that
isn't nailed down. Theurges often focus on the world of
spirits, searching for new rites or Gifts and digging up
fetishes which have been lost for ages. Philodox Seekers
usually become historians and detectives. They memo-
rize and attempt to apply the secrets of the past with the
same dedication they study the Litany, working to
understand the truth of events past and present and how
those events tie together into a greater whole. Seekers
of the Galliard persuasion view the lost lore of the past
as a way to inspire us in the present. Every secret

43

ENG

|

Seer crv wane rene eneresse arr emer a rem unread

uncovered, every fetish recovered, every Gift learned
shows us that we can continue to fight, and maybe
someday win. Full Moon Seekers usually specialize in
finding better ways to kill things. Most are walking
encyclopedias of Wyrm beasts and their weaknesses, as
wellas new and ancient combat strategies and weapons.
Many also pull double duty, working as bodyguards and
muscle for their fellow Seekers. Regardless of how they
doit, the Seekers are the ones who work to keep our past
alive, ensuring that it continues to enrich our present,
and who work to find solutions to our greatest problems.

Ptarbiagert

The Harbingers are our second oldest camp. They
were, according to their own legends, once members of the
Seekers. As members of that camp, they were most fre-
quently the ones who would return with warnings of
Wyrmsign and other threats. Also, where most Seekers
focused on uncovering the secrets of the past and present,
the future Harbingers focused on uncovering the secrets of
the future. They sought out every prophecy and prediction,
no matter how obscure and would pour over them hoping
to divine when and where future threats would emerge.
The Prophecy of the Phoenix, the legends of the Perfect
Metisand the Eye of the Wyrm, and the visionsofcountless
seers gave them a window into the dangers that awaited us.

Once we were driven from Khem, the Harbingers
became their own camp, and continued their efforts to
warn others of dangers before they could strike. At first,
many among the other tribes dismissed them as
doomsayers, believing that with our failure to protect our
homelands, we had gone paranoid and now saw the
Wyrm everywhere. After the first few tragedies, the other
Garou finally started to listen to the Harbingers. Even
today, many septs dread to see a Harbinger within their
bawn, because they know that death inevitably follows in
herwake. But glory follows with them also, because where
there's the Wyrm, there's battle and where there's battle,
there's the chance for victory and triumph.

Harbingers continuously seek out new prophecies
and new interpretations of older ones. Each carries
countless visions of the future in his mind, carefully
memorized and preserved so that the Harbinger might
recognize their signs when he finds them. Wolf-born
Harbingers most often seek signs of the future out in the
wilderness, and bring warnings to the Red Talons and
others of the few remaining lupus-dominated septs.
Human-born Harbingers seek signs among the human
civilization, and seek a greater understanding of human
forms of prophecy and fortune telling in order to seek
new ways of interpreting old warnings. Metis Harbin-
gers seek their signs in the Umbra, endlessly searching
for clues and dangers among the realms and pathways of
the spirit worlds. All, however, bring warnings to septs

en

A

and caerns around the world, rousing them to combat
outside threats and even, when necessary, to deal with
the vipers that might dwell in their midst.

Few Ragabash Harbingers announce themselves as
such. They prefer to rouse others to action subtly, relying
on manipulating sept members into the being at the right
place at the right time to defeat the threat. Theurges tend
to focus on dangers of a spiritual nature, bringing warn-
ings of powerful Banes, plagues of spiritual corruption and
other threats that must be dealt with by more than brute
force. Philodox Harbingers are the most dreaded, as they
frequently bring warnings of internal corruption. More
than one Wyrm (or even Weaver) corrupted Garou has
been uncovered by theactions ofa Harbinger Half Moon.
Galliard Harbingers specialize in aiding those septs in
danger of falling to despair. They arrive and remind the
local Garou of the responsibilities Gaia has entrusted to
them and of the ancestors they must honor through their
deeds. Most aren't above shaming a wayward sept into
action, saying they will confront the threat alone if they
must. Ahroun Harbingers are wandering champions.
They show up at caerns under siege or in danger of
immediate attack, rally the local Garou and help them
beat back the forces of darkness. All Harbingers are
among our tribe's most renowned warriors. They go
where others fear to tread and fight the most dangerous of
foes. Those that live to an old age are some of the most
frightening and lethal creatures you will ever meet.

Z

The Dispossessed first came into being shortly
after our exile. It's inevitable that when a group is
driven from the land they consider their home, they'll
want to go back. Force them to exist without a home
for long enough, and eventually any home looks good
to them. Such is the lot of the Dispossessed. They've
been searching endlessly for a place to be our tribe's
home. They don't want to wander. If they can't go back
to Egypt right now, they want another territory to
serve as our homeland until the day when we actually
can take Khem back from the Cult of Sutekh. It'd be
easy to see the whole thing as a lost cause, and the
Dispossessed as doomed fools who are too stubborn to
know when to quit. But I admire them for their
dedication, no matter how misguided it might be.

The trouble is, none of them can really agree on
just where that new homeland should be. They've
tried to establish new homelands several times over
the past few thousand years. Attempts to settle among
the Pure Lands and among the Bunyip's old holdings
were both failures. The Second War of Rage putan end
to the former, and the Uktena beat us out of the latter.

Until recently, the camp's energies have largely been
devoted to three areas. One is India — the first place they

Silent Striders

Cement ff


tried, and even though other Garou there look at us as
outsiders, the Dispossessed keep trying to make a go of it.
Central Asia was a much bigger success. The nomadic
horseclans made for good Kin, and there were even wolves.
More recently, a few have hit on the idea that the United
States, the land of wide open spaces that opens its doors to
the disenfranchised of the world, can be our new home.
But outside those areas, the rest of the Dispossessed
seemed ready to give up. Some could see nothing but a
history of failure. A few even went over the deep end,
muttering about how when the Apocalypse came, Gaia
would reward them for their perseverance and they'd
show everyone, yes they would. But now that's changed.
With our new treaty with the African Fera, a
number of Dispossessed has started calling for ustoclaim
all of Africa as our protectorate. They've started migrat-
ing to Africa and offering whatever support they can to
the native Striders and their Fera associates. Elsewhere,
anumber of European Striders have thrown in with the
new Shadow Lord leader in the hopes that he will be
able to help them retake Egypt. And finally, Buries-the-
Dead has begun a crusade against the vampires of Egypt
and the Middle East. Many Dispossessed believe they
have areal shot at finally destroying the Cult of Sutekh
and are eager to finally reclaim their true homeland.
Not many lupus among the Dispossessed. They don't
understand this obsession monkeys have with one patch
of land being different from any other. To them, Khem is
important because Gaia entrusted it to us, so we should
have it back. The few lupus among the camp tend to be
from Central Asia; that's where they were born and that's
where they want to stay. Not many metis Dispossessed,
either. Having been forced to endure the worst parts of the
curse without being able to run away from their ghosts,
they usually aren't that eager to settle down in one place
too quickly. No, most of the Dispossessed are human-
born. They take strong interest in the history and culture
of whichever people they've decided to live among,
adopting their struggles and hardships as their own.
Dispossessed Ragabash prefer tomove unseenamong
the culture they've chosen to call theirs. They watch and
learn, often working quietly in an effort to bring the
human culture more in tune with Gaian ideals. The
primary concern of Dispossessed Theurges is to getin tune
with the local spirits. They study local religions and
superstitions, and learn as much about the local spiritual
hierarchyand Penumbral conditionsas possible. Philodox
focus on learning the laws and taboos of the culture, and
try to maintain some measure of law and justice among
the human communities. Galliards devote as much time
to learning the culture's history, lore and culture as they
todo that of the Garou, and work equally hard at keeping
it alive in the face of hardship. Dispossessed Ahroun

SS

Ssbeteersanty eeveathepaaenrensemnemnticrsec areemt

become defenders of their newly adopted Kinfolk, pro-
tecting them from Wyrm beasts and other threats.

I wish the Dispossessed the best. If any of their
current efforts succeed, it will be a great boon to the
rest of our tribe, and likely to the Garou Nation as a
whole. And if they fail? Well, they've failed before, yet
we survive and the struggle continues.

Miuyfarert

Ah, yes. Them. Few people like the Wayfarers. I
don't. Although I suspect my reasons are a bit different
than most other people's. Ask most Garou and they'll tell
you how the Wayfarers are a bunch of mercenary scum
whohave no loyalty to Gaia, put profit before responsibil-
ity, would sell their mothers foracarton of cigarettes, steal
candy from babies, you know. Most of these people have
never meta Wayfarer. Me, I've met several of them. And
Thate them because most of them are the sort of smarmy,
smug-looking son of a bitch I'd just as soon punch in the
face as say hello to. But still, they have their uses.

The Wayfarers are mercenaries, yes. But they are
loyal to Gaia, to the tribe and to the Garou Nation. What
you have to understand is that their attitudes are just one
more outgrowth of the curse and its effects on us. Because
we have to move around so much, it means that we don't
have much in the way of a support structure. We don't
enjoy the resources that come from holding numerous
caernsand large flocks of Kinfolk or being able tosetdown
rootsinaplace. Soatsome point in the last thousand years
orso—noone knows when itall started —a few Striders
decided, "hey, you guys have got all this great stuff and we
don't, but we can go places and do things you can'tso let's
do business." So began the Wayfarers.

A lot of Garou claim that the Wayfarers work for
money. A lot of these Garou haven't learned to stop
thinking like monkeys. Sure, money is a useful tool
when you move among humans. But it doesn't do you
jack shit out in the woods, at a moot or in the Umbra.
Yes, Wayfarers do jobs for money. They also do them
for political favors at moots, for the right to stay ata
caern, for instruction in Gifts and rites, for talens and
sometimes even fetishes, and for any of the other forms
of chiminage that serve as currency among our people.
Every Wayfarer is a skilled negotiator who rarely, if
ever, gets screwed over by a potential employer.

Homid Wayfarers are the most likely to work for
money, but they accept other forms of chiminage for
payment as well. Metis most often take assignments in
exchange for political favors and the right to visit caerns.
Lupus Wayfarers prefer non-material chiminage, such a
Gifts and rites. No matter what form of chiminage a
Wayfarer takes, once she accepts a job, she'll do every-

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 45

manne

|


|

thing in her power to complete it or else die trying. A
Wayfarer who can't complete a task isn't worth her price.

Ragabash Wayfarersare usually hiredas thieves, spies
andassassins. Their talentsat stealth and subterfuge make
them natural troubleshooters. Theurges typically hire
themselves out as spiritual specialists and consultants.
They deal with troublesome spirits, locate items lost in
the Umbra and summon up ghosts who possess informa-
tion the client wants. Philodox Wayfarers work as inves-
tigators for hire. If you need something checked out or
someone found, he's your man. Galliards conform the
most to the camp's stereotype, working as messengers and
bonded couriers. A lot of them also work as jacks of all
trade or as mind fuckers who convince people to change
their allegiances, manipulate them into doing something
the client wants or just driving someone off the deep end.
Ahroun act as hired muscle. If you need a bodyguard, a
legbreaker or just someone who'll rip someone's head off
and use it as a soccer ball, look no further.

No matter what others think of them, the Wayfarers
play an important part in our tribe. They're the ones who
excel at getting support from other tribes at moots,
collecting favors and learning about everyone else's dirty
laundry. They may be bastards, but they're our bastards.

Ourtribe's hatred for the undead is legendary. But for
some of us, that hatred becomes the very focus of their
existence. Those Striders are the ones who become the
Swords of Night. The Swords of Night started back in the
days of Egypt. They were the leaders in our war against the
Cult of Sutekh. Back then, they called themselves the
Daggers of Nut, after the name the Egyptians gave to the
Incarna of the Night Sky. Even after we were driven from.
Khem, they kept up the fight. For centuries, they would
wander the world, killing vampires everywhere they
went. And any time they entered a region, war between
the Garou and the undead was sure to follow. Now, you
may wonder, "what's wrong with that?" Well, apparently
the other tribes got annoyed at being forced to actually
deal with the Leeches in their midst. So finally the other
tribes forced our Elders to make the Daggers of Nut
disband. And that was the last anyone saw of them.

Until now. Over the past decade, there's been a
noticeable rise in the amount of vampire activity out there.
The Harbingers even started warning us that if we didn't
dosomethingsoon, it might be too late. Sothe Eldersofour
tribe decided it was time to do start waging war against the
undead again. And just as this was decided, Striders who
had secretly been relentlessly hunting the undead all their
lives started crawling out of the woodwork. Turns out that
the Daggers of Nut never disbanded. They just went
underground and became a secret society. Now they're

en

ee Ae

back out in the open. They call themselves the Swords of
Night, and they want to kill every Leech they can find.
Breed matters littleamong them; all hate the undead
equally. Ragabash stalk vampires through cities, slowly
but surely tearing down the beasts' sources of power,
influence and food. Theurges gatherallies from both the
spirit world and from among the ghosts of those who
died under the Leeches' fangs. Philodox cut through the
endless webs of lies and networks spun by the undead.
Galliards find allies among other tribes and rouse armies
of Garou to do battle against entire cities of vampires.
Ahroun face the Cult of Sutekh's champions in battle,
carving their scaled, dead flesh to ribbons with klaives
and tearing their corpses limb from limb with fang and
claw. They even train their Kinfolk to help them,
teaching them how to be spies, assassins and hunters.

Secret Jochoflat

The secret societies really piss me off. Everything
about them goes against the entire reason for me writing
this journal. These guys don't tell anyone anything.
They don't even admit to their existence. What | know
about these groups are nothing more than rumors and
half-informed guesswork. Take it with a grain of salt.

atwrs of the Deaf

Starting with the worst of the lot. Every tribe has their
embarrassments. Some are worse than others. I think the
Bone Gnawers, with their inbred cannibals, are the only
ones whocome close to havingas bad a group of black sheep
as we do. Supposedly, the Eaters of the Dead were once
members of the Seekers. At some point, a Seeker figured
out a trick where you could eat the brain of a corpse and
learn everything the guy knew when he was alive. At first,
itsounded like a great thing. Really creepy, but useful. Now
we didn'thave to lose whatour elders knew when they died.
But gradually other Seekers figured out that the rite used
carried the taint of the Wyrm with it. Those who used it
started to slowly go insane and start reeking of the Wyrm's
stench. Some even developed an addiction to fresh brains,
becoming perfectly willing to kill any human they could to
get them. The rite was already controversial, with many
Philodox and even Ragabash questioning whether or not it
violated the Litany. Now that the people who used it kept
looking at smart people like they were a freshly killed deer,
the tribal elders agreed that the rite was tainted by the
Wyrm and should no longer be performed, ever.

Unfortunately, some folks were too far gone to
stop. Worse, they weren't too far gone that they
couldn't fake being normal. So the group went under-
ground and has existed asa secret cult eversince. What
they've been doing, other than eating people's heads,
isn't well known. But I will say this. Every so often,

Silent Striders

erent ET Hf


when one of our elders dies, another Strider gets
caught messing with the corpse before we can summon
Scarab's brood. When that happens, everyone knows
that the Eaters of the Dead are still out there. After Vik
died, I never left his body's side until after the scarabs
were done with it. I will not let my mentor's body be
desecrated by some Wyrm-tainted freak. I will not let
his memory be sullied by some bastard who couldn't be
bothered to learn his wisdom while he was still alive.

The Tufts: Capers of the Dead

The legends of the Eaters of the Dead are true. The
Rite of Dormant Wisdom, forbidden to the rest of the
tribe (and by extension to all other Garou) is tainted by
the Wyrm. Once he performs the rite more times than
his permanent Gnosis score, the Strider become a
servant of Foebok, the Urge Wyrm of Fear. Recently,
the Eaters of the Dead have discovered a variant rite
which allows them to regain temporary Gnosis by
eating the brains of supernatural creatures or of espe-
cially strong-willed humans (characters with a Will-
power of 7 or higher), and the majority of the cult has
used this knowledge to secretly return to Egypt. Al-
though their plans were to take advantage of this
temporary method of circumventing part of the curse
and search Egypt for a more permanent solution, they
rapidly degenerated into little more than a fanatical
murder cult. Their presence in Egypt has yet to be
discovered (save by the Bone Gnawer Maneaters they
have allied with), but it's only a matter of time before
their activities are uncovered. When the other Egyp-
tian Garou discover the monsters that dwell in their
midst, a bloody civil war will be inevitable.

For more on the Eaters of the Dead and their
activities in Egypt, see Rage Across Egypt.

The Bitter Plox

Where the Eaters of the Dead are repulsive, the
members of the Bitter Hex are downright scary. All I
know about them is that they terrorize and kill people.
Humans, wizards, vampires, even other Garou. Why isn't
very clear. I've only heard of one reported case where they
killed another Garou, and that was some Black Fury who
had apparently gone mad and taken to torturing young
boys todeath. Most of their victimsseem to be people who
have left more than a few corpses in their wake.

When the Bitter Hex doesn't kill, they curse. You
can usually spot a Bitter Hex curse because it's painful
and it's poetic. Liars are struck dumb. Brutal thugs find
themselves left as weak as newborn cubs. Killers are
hounded by the ghosts of their victims. At least this is
what I've heard. It's mostly second or even third-hand
information. I'm almost afraid what might happen to
me if I got too close to the truth.


Sern ere rae ere arene are amar. a rs mrwrensmnrenan)

ee 7

In a tribe that endlessly deals with ghosts, it's inevi-
table that some will devote themselves to avenging the
dead. The Bitter Hex traces its origins back to the days of
ancient Egypt. There, they existed as a small sect devoted
to the service of Am-mat, the spirit who embodied Gaia's
righteous vengeance and the ultimate punishment that
awaited the guilty in the afterlife. Once they were driven
from Egypt, these Striders learned that such punishments
were not guaranteed to the dead of other lands. So they set
about rectifying matters. Today, the members of The Bitter
Hex devote their lives to avenging the dead and punishing
the guilty, all in the hopes that by doing so they might help
restore some semblance of balance to the universe.

Noone asks to join The Bitter Hex. Ifa member of the
sect believes another Strider has the potential to be a
member of The Bitter Hex, he observes the potential
recruit for at least one year. After that time, the candidate,
if suitable, is approached and the two Striders will travel
together for a short time, allowing the recruiter to confirm
his initial opinions. If he still believes the candidate pos-
sesses the proper mix of righteous fury and the desire to see
justice done at all costs, he invites her to join the sect.
Initiation into the sect is fairly simple. The candidate and
her sponsor journey to the Atrocity Realm. Here the
candidate must witness the endless acts of brutality until
whatever sense of Gaia's love and mercy she possesses is
completely exhausted (until she is out of temporary Gnosis).
When only anger and Rage remain, she is thrust into one
of the Realm's countless psychodramas where she becomes
the victim. The laws of the Realm prevent her from being
able to fight back, showing her what it's like to bea helpless
victim. Upon her "death", she is ejected from the Realm

The Truth: The Biter Pax

and is asked if she wishes for the opportunity to avenge
those who can no longer avenge themselves. Ifshe accepts,
the pair will begin her first hunt, seeking out one whom she
believes is deserving of punishment.

The majority of The Bitter Hex's small membership
is comprised of homids. They seek out the spirits of the
vengeful dead and offer them the chance for closure. The
targets of their wrath are most frequently those who are
above human law. Vampires, wizards, Fair Folk and ser-
vants of the Wyrm are their most common targets, but
some go so far as to punish Garou who have murdered
innocents. Those who are not homids are most often.
metis. While they will also punish those who have wronged
humans, they are known to seek out those Garou who
have sired metis and then killed their offspring to hide
their sin. The few lupus among The Bitter Hex punish
those who transgress against Gaia and nature. The only
thing that differentiates them from most Red Talons is
the knowledge that their fellow sect members will punish
them if they kill innocent humans.

Ragabash favor slowly destroying their targets' lives,
letting them feel the same sense of helplessness that their
victims once felt. Theurges are the sect's most accom-
plished curse-masters, skilled in numerous Gifts and rites
that allow them to visit punishment upon any they feel
are deserving. Philodox epitomize their auspice's role as
judge, investigating atrocities and carrying out "appropri-
ate" punishment. Galliards often prefer to haunt their
targets, endlessly reminding them of the blood on their
hands before delivering final justice. Ahroun favor a
straightforward and often brutal approach.

Fall ad Kio

Then there's our Kin. They come from the same
ethnic groups and subcultures we do. Arabs, Africans,
and Rroma. Bikers, beatniks and cowboys. Wolves from
Ethiopia, Asia and North America. Unlike us, our Kin
don't have to keep moving unless they want to. And
even then, those that are born into traditional nomadic
cultures like Bedouins still have their entire cultural
support structure. The kind of status in the community
we can never really develop. Even if one of us tries to
hang out in human society, we're still apart from it. Our
Kinfolk give us a support structure. A place to stay for
the night, a warm meal or even money. A lot of us are
worse than Bone Gnawers when it comes to mooching
off of relatives. Our Kin in the know about what they are
usually leave little symbols around their property. Close
approximations to the glyph for sanctuary, painted on
walls, embroidered on tents or carved into wood or
stone. It lets us know that we can crash there for a few

days. Most of us get to know the Kinfolk living along the
circuits we travel. It's the most common way we meet
our mates. Our relationships are sort of evenly split
between monogamous pairings and casual sex.

Our Kin, thank Gaia, aren't affected by our curse.
At least not the way we are. We pick up ghosts by
crossing in and out of the Umbra. Kin don't go into the
Umbra, so they don't get a chance to pick up hitchhik-
ers. However, a lot of them have the Sight. Maybe it's a
side effect of the curse. Maybe its Owl's blessing. Or
maybe it's just the result of hanging around us too much.
But a lot of them are open to the spirit world. A few
become shamans, or whatever their culture's equivalent
to that role is. Most end up as spirit mediums. People
who can see and communicate with the dead. And I
mean who can really do it, not those fuckwit con artists
on TV. A few of them make their livings as actual
parapsychologists and psychic investigators. Most ei-
ther try to ignore it or deal with the dead only as a side

48 Silent Striders

———

ny yy,


hobby. It's another thing that makes them helpful to us.
Most of the ghosts we pick up want something, and
having another person around who's also experienced
in dealing with the dead can be a major boon.

The World We Lhe Io

So now you know about us. But that still leaves the
world around us. No one lives in a vacuum. What we do
impacts the thingsaround usand those things in turn impact
us. Anendless circle of cause and effect, action and reaction.

Tbe Worl of Sptolt

We're creatures of spirit as well as flesh, and the spirit
world isa vital part ofour existence. Much ofhow we view
the spirit world is drawn from the same primordial truths
that the other tribes and even the Fera understand. But
like everyone else, the countless centuries have seen us
filter those truths through the cultural lenses of the people
we call Kin. Mostly this is the result of homid Garou
bringing their pre-Change preconceptions with them
and influencing the tribe's beliefs. We're no different.

Our lens of choice is Egypt. Its ancient culture influ-
enced us and continues to influence us even now. Now, of
course the Egyptians gota lotof thing wrong. The monkeys
alwaysdo. Their beliefs are just incomplete understandings
or misinterpretations of the spiritual truths we know to be
facts. What we know as spirits and Incamae, they take to
be gods. What we know to be rites and rituals for dealing
with those spirits, they take to be magic. Humans don't
have thesameconnection to the spirit world wedo, so their
understanding of their world and their universe will always
be incomplete. I think this is the real reason why so many
of them lose their sense of spirituality. There's no evil plot
at work. They just get tired of constantly searching for
something they aren't sure exists. If they had it and lost it,
they start to convince themselves that they just imagined
they had it in the first place. But we don't have that
problem. We don't just know something more than the
material world exists. We live in it. Every day.

M aed avd The phat

One of the terms we borrowed from the Egyptians is
Ma'at. Ma'at is a concept, meaning the natural and
harmonious order of the universe. When you have Ma'at,
everything works the way it's supposed to and everyone is
happy. To us, Ma'at is the universe the way it was when
Gaia created it, and the status to which we hope to return
the world. The basic cornerstone of Ma'at is the Triat.
When the Triat works the way it should, you have Ma'at.
Cosmic harmony. But if the Triat is out of whack, then
Ma'at is lost, and things get fucked up. And the Triat's
been out of whack for a long damn time.

Ptah was the ancient Egyptian god of creativity and
art. Tous, he isasymbol of the Wyldas itshouldbe, aforce

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

SQ

IN

of creation, inspiration and change. New ideas. New life.
Newenergy. Without these new things toreplace the old,
the dying and the worn out, the world eventually be-
comes a wasteland and a void. But when Ma'at was lost,
the Wyld became a force of unrestrained Chaos. Creativ-
ity and inspiration tainted by madness. The Wyld does as
much harmas good. When— if— Ma'atcan be restored,
the Wyld will once again become like Ptah. The abstrac-
tion of pure thought, unbound by the limits of matter,
providing the creativity and inspiration that can be
woven into new and dynamic objects and ideas.

Djehuty — or Thoth as the Greeks called him —
was the Egyptian god of science and mathematics. He
is our symbol of the Weaver. Math and science are
ways of looking at the world. They give order and
structure to things. Under Ma'at, the Weaver provides
order and structure to the universe. The primordial
stew of ideas and creative energies are given direction
and focus, making the theoretical possible. But with-
out Ma'at, the Weaver has become a force of Stasis.
Dogma locks things into a single form and ruthlessly
stamps out anything that might question or threaten
the status quo. If we can bring Ma'at back, the Weaver
will become Djehuty again. Order and structure which
understands that the short-term impermanence of
such things allows for the long-term order of the
universe. That which exists must eventually give way
to the new. That is the ultimate Order. That is Ma'at.

Apep—also known as Apophis, again thanks to the
Greeks — was the primordial serpent of Egyptian myth,
whowished toreturn the universe to the primordial chaos
that existed at the dawn of time. This is our vision of the
Wyrm. The serpent who tears down the old, returning it
to the primal energy from which it came. When Ma'at
was lost, the Wyrm went mad. What was once a force of
balance, clearing away the old to make way for the new,
became of force of corruption. Rather than clear away
things tomake room for future growth, the Wyrm poisons
and warpsall it touches. Acts of creativity are twisted into
nightmarish mockeries. Ordered structures are perverted,
changing their purpose for the worse. Ma'at must be
restored, so that the Wyrm can once again take its place
in the natural order, acting as a force for change instead
of mindless destruction.

Ifwecan return the Triat to harmony, the universe
will once again be the way Gaia intended it. It will
once again have Ma'at.

Ont and bt Brood

Great Owlis our father, just as Gaia is our mother. He
is our patron and our guide. In return, we honor and serve
him, seeking hidden wisdom in the dark and hidden
comers of both the material world and the Umbra. Owl
is not a braggart or a protector. He watches, quietly

49

NG


observing what others miss and gathering wisdom. He is
an example to all of us, teaching us how to learn more by
listening instead of talking. Teaching us how to pay
attention to what goes on around us. Owl also teaches us
the secrets of the Dark Umbra, of the Underworld where
only Owl dares to fly. And Owl is the silent hunter in the
darkness. It's from him we lean how to stalk and kill our
enemies without them ever learning we're there.

As our legend goes, Owl became our tribe's patron
when the first Garou dared to journey into the Dark
Umbra. Owl agreed to serve as the Garou's guide,
showing him the secret pathways deep into the Under-
world and then leading him back out again. Even after
the harrowing journey, this Garou — the first Strider
— would seek out Owl for his wisdom and for his
company. Later, that Garou's children and cubs would
also learn from Owl's wisdom and follow him into the
Underworld. Their children, and their children's chil-
dren, would do the same. Eventually, Owl adopted
them all as his children, and they became a tribe. Us.

Owl continues to gift us with his wisdom. As I've
said a dozen times by now, we can't contact our
ancestor-spirits. Other Garou can and not only can
they channel their wisdom and power, they can also
learn Gifts from them. We can learn those Gifts from
the ancestor-spirits of other tribes, but they always

50

demand greater chiminage from us than they do from
members of their own tribes. Luckily, Owl also teaches
these same Gifts to members of his own brood, and
they will teach them tous. We may not be able to learn
from our own ancestors, but thanks to Great Owl, we
can learn some of their wisdom from owl-spirits.
The Sptotts of Kham

Although we've been driven from Egypt, we made a
lot of allies in the ancient days, and many of themstill aid
us. Sphinx, of course, has long been a friend to our tribe.
He honors us with his wisdom and his riddles, teaching us
new ways tosolve our problems. Falcon hasalso long been
known to us. In Egypt, he became the symbol of Horus,
son of Osiris and was a bitter enemy of Sutekh. Falcon
continues to aid us in our war against the undead. Scarab
embodies nobility and immortality, and her greatest gift
is patience and tenacity. Crocodile was the great and
terrible guardian of the Nile. He gifts us with his strength
and with his patience, and has helped bring renewed
peace between us and his most favored children. Ibis was
the sacred bird of Djehuty and symbolizes the Weaver as
it was and can be once again when Ma'at is restored. He
grants us his knowledge and his great memory. Cobra is a
powerful and deadly spirit in service of Gaia and asymbol
the ancient lands of Khem. Cobra is angry at how her

a? LT FEY Nn mene

image and her children have been corrupted by the Cult
of Sutekh and aids us so that she may have vengeance.

Suehes of Ee

In the centuries since the curse was laid, we've
found new allies as well. Spirits who understand the idea
of a people forced to wander endlessly. Meros is the
Planetary Incarna of Pluto. He's known as The Wan-
derer, and as The Homeless One. Meros understands
the ways of the nomad and he watches over us, helping
us reach whichever destination we seek. The spirits of
the Four Winds are well known to us as well, since we've
been scattered to them forso long. Those of us who have
taken to the ways of the sailor have found friends in
spirits such as Shark and The Flying Dutchman. During
the days of the Wild West, we made friends with the
spirits of the Great Plains, and even today, Bison,
Twister and Thunderbird are great and powerful allies.

And then there's the American Dream. America is
the land of the immigrant. Where those forced to flee
other lands are given a new home and allowed to make
afresh start. At least that's the mythic ideal. But in the
world of spirits, that mythic ideal has real power. Most
American Dispossessed follow The American Dream. It
gives them hope that America can be our homeland as
well. The Bone Gnawers follow the spirit too, but their
idea of the American Dream is different than ours. You
see, to them, it's a dream of freedom and equality and of
the immigrant who came here with nothing but the
clothes on his back making a success for both him and
his children. To us, the American Dream is a dream of
freedom and wide-open space and endless roads to
travel. It's the America of the cowboy and the wander-
ing bluesman. It's the land of Tom Joad and Jack
Kerouac. Where anyone can come and walk, ride or fly
from one end of the continent to the other and no one
can tell him he can't. That's our American Dream.

Rat Batlardt

One other spirit that's important to us, but in a
different way, is Rat. You see, Rat doesn't like us that
much. Or, more to the point, Rat doesn't like Owl that
much, Part of it's that rats and owls are natural enemies.
Rat also doesn't like the fact that the spirits of mice and
rodents that owls eat become part of Owl's brood instead
of hers. Garou who follow Rat aren't allowed to hurt
Rat's children either, so a lot of them take offense as us
leaving mice and other snacks out for Owl's children. So
we throw down on each other once ina while. Nothing
serious. More like bar brawls than wars. Folks end up
with some cuts and bites or the occasional stab wound.
Maybe some broken ribs. Like I said, nothing serious. It's
the way things should be, really. Owl's role is to hunt
rodents. Rat's role is to fight like a total bastard against

anything that lays its hands on him. That's Ma'at. But
no matter how much they don'tlike each other, both are
loyal to Gaia and will close ranks against outside threats.
The same with those of us who follow the two spirits. Me
against my brother, me and my brother against our
cousin, and our whole family against everyone else.

n te Umbra

The Umbra is as much our home as any place in the
material world. We follow Luna's paths through the spirit
world just as we would a dirt road or a deer trail through
the wilderness. There are few Realms Striders haven't
been to. But some are more important to us that others.

We deal with death a lot. Ghosts bother us con-
stantly and Owl encourages us to seek wisdom in the
darkness that others may fear. The Atrocity Realm is a
place of death at its worst. We get to see how the helpless
are butchered and slowly ground down into nothing.
These are the kinds ofugly deaths that produce more than
their fair share of restless dead. We do well to understand
the Atrocity Realm, as it gives us greater understanding
of the spirits that are part of our twisted birthright.

More important than that slaughterhouse, though,
are the Tribal Homelands. Where the spirits of Garou
heroes go when they die. Unfortunately —andas I've said
over and over — we're cut off from our ancestors. That
includes our Tribal Homeland. Oh, it's out there some-
where, lost in the Umbra. But we can't get to it. Not
withouta hell ofa lot of effort. A few Stridershave had the
honoroffinding the place. Ifrumoris tobe believed, those
who actually find our Homeland also find a way around
part of the curse and are once again able to call upon the
power of our ancestors. I don't know if it's true. If it is, I
haven't met anyone who can do it.

Oh, one other place that's important to us. The
Aetherial Realms. Now, you might ask, what interest
would the Silent Striders have in the realm of the sky
and stars. Well, how do travelers, nomads and wander-
ers find their way around? They follow the stars. We
aren'tas obsessive about itas the Stargazers, but we have
our fair share of sky watchers and astronomers too. On
top of that, we've never really shied away from things
like astrology and trying to find omens in the night sky.
Soa lot of us travel to the Aetherial Realms in search of
the same lore and wisdom we seek everywhere else.

Down be the Deadtandt

And then there's the Dark Umbra. As Garou, we're
creatures of life. We're alive in ways that humans or even
wolves can never begin to understand. Every fiber of our
beings bursting with Gaia's power. With Her love and Her
rage. This is why so few Garou dare the Dark Umbra. It's a
place of death, not life. That may sound triteand simple, but
it means a lot. The Underworld isa place utterly devoid of

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 51

SQ

ENG

nm re eT

Seren cere ruse cara nee se are era remsuncewrensnrensed

ae AA

life. It'san alien environment, far more unsettling than you
might think. Sure, there are countless realms in the Living
Umbra or even the Deep Umbra where your senses can be
twisted six ways to Sunday and back again. But those realms
are still alive, even if only ina way we can't wrap our minds
around. The strangeness of those realms is on an intellec-
tual level. They seem strange because the laws the Weaver
has created that we're so used to begin to break down,
confusing the Weaver oriented parts of our brains.

But the Dark Umbra is different. It's wrong to us, but
not because it confuses our Weaver part. No, the Dark
Umbra has its rules and laws and they remain largely the
same throughout. As I said, the Dark Umbraisdead. We're
creatures of life and as such we're tuned into the hum and
pulse of the life that's around us. The animals and birds.
The plants and insects. Even the winds and the earth
beneath our feet. Hell, even the Glass Walkers and Bone
Gnawers are tuned into the twisted heartbeat of the cities.
But when you enter the Dark Umbra, that pulse dims. It
becomes muted. Distant. The deeper into the Dark Umbra
you go, the less and less you feel it. Until finally you realize
it's gone. No scents or sounds carried on the wind. No
vibrations under your feet. No life. This is why the other
Garou fear the Dark Umbra, and why they feel uneasy
about our seeking wisdom in those dark, dead lands.

The Dark Umbra is a dangerous place. The restless
dead that haunt the living — and us — are just the tip of
the iceberg. Ghosts are like cockroaches. For every one
yousee, there'sat leastadozen more youdon't. Thatmany
ghosts don't get together without someone trying to be in
charge. So you get entire kingdoms of dead people.
Kingdoms with armies. Don't think just because you're
some big bad Garou you can walk in and start throwing
your weight around. They'll dog pile your ass and beat you
down. Luckily that's not our way. Like Owl, we walk
quietly, watching and learning. The best strategy in the
Dark Umbra is to never let them know you're there.

That's especially true these days. Every so often,
when something really bad happens, the Dark Umbra
erupts. Maybe its just so attuned to death that when the
bloodshed here in the material world gets to be too
much, the Dark Umbra goes nuts. Storms worse than
anything possible in the living world scourge the Under-
world. Rains of burnt rusted metal and the ghosts of
shapeless creatures that died out before fish were little
more than a gleam in Gaia's eye. Twisted spirits, as bad
as any fomor or Black Spiral Dancer boil up out of the
tunnels that link the Dark Umbra to Malfeas, attacking
anything that isn't one of them. Much of the Penumbra
of Death is a wasteland now, populated only by small,
well-armed kingdoms that dwell in the ghosts of cities.

These storms always follow some bad event in the
living world. And I don't mean like "a fire burns down a

52

——

town" bad. There were two storms like this last century.
One started as the as the result of the unprecedented
carnage of the First World War being followed so quickly
by the global Influenza epidemic. The other started at the
end of World War Two. Most Garou who've heard about
that think it was the A-bombs that did it. Me, I just think
those were the straws that broke the camel's back. Before
that, you'd had almost a decade of war and genocide
throughout Europe and Asia. Vik once told me that he
figured it was just as well that things went the way the did.
He didn't want to think about how bad the storm might
have been ifit'd had another year and a few million more
deaths to power it up. The other storms I know of started
with things like the Black Death and the plagues that
killed millions of natives once Europeans stumbled across
the Americas. This new storm started the same time
Anthelios, the Wyrm Star, appeared in the Umbral sky.
If we ever needed confirmation that Anthelios was bad
news, this would have to be it. Storms like that don't start
in the Dark Umbra for no reason. And I think this one is
going to blow until the Apocalypse is here.

Guornt

Caerns are where the worlds of spirit and flesh
meet. Like us, they are neither one nor the other, but
both at once. They are our most holy of sites and we
guard them with our lives.

Unfortunately, we have a hard time keeping caerns.
A caer isn't something you can leave unattended for a
few days or even weeks while you deal with the ghosts
you've picked up. So asa result, we don't have that many.
The caerns we do have tend to be smaller ones. That way
fewer Garou are needed to keep it going, so those of us
attached to the caern can work in shifts. Most Strider
caerns will have at least two people holding almost every
office. That way one can perform her duties for the sept as
the other one wanders. Our larger caerns — what few we
have — tend to be fairly open to members of other tribes.
We can't be all that picky when it comes to getting help.
We'll take in anyone, provided they play by our rules.

Our caerns also have the habit of attracting ghosts. I
don't know why. Maybe it's just a side effect of that many
of us gathering in one place for so long. The troublemak-
ers we banish. It takes time and effort, but we can do it.
Others, we'll draft into helping defend the Caern. Ghosts
make decent watchdogs. They can see people who can't
see them, and some of them can bite pretty hard too.

The most important place in any caern is the Heart,
and for us it's no different. But our second most important
place is the Graves of the Hallowed Heroes. For us, this is
the last connection with those of our tribe who've died. All
we have left are memories, and spending time among the
Graves helps us to remember. Those caerns we control
always have an additional office that other tribes don't. It's

Silent Striders

Fat rae rerineay 41",


called the Memory Keeper. Herjobis to oversee the Graves
and to remember all those buried there. It's a lesser office,
butan important one nonetheless. Her job issimilartothat
of both the Keeper of the Land and the Talesinger, and
most pull double duty as one of those offices. In caerns
where we aren't in charge but several of our fallen are
buried there, one of the Striders whose circuit takes her to
thecaernona regular basisservesas Memory Keeper forour
dead. Often she serves as an assistant to the caern's regular
Keeper of the Land, and most take the time to learn the
stories of those fallen Garou from the other tribes as well.
When we join other septs, we most often serve as part-
time Guardians. When we're within the caem itself, weact
asany other Guardian. When the curse forces us to wander
for a while, we make our circuit through the lands sur-
rounding the caern. Here we look for any signs of possible
threats. When we find them, we eliminate the threat if
possible. If not, we return to the caern to warn others.

AU Crsr fle Worf,

And then there's the world of flesh. The material
world. I will say this about being a tribe of nomads: We get
togo everywhere. Even those of us whostick close to one
place get to meet tribemates who've been places most
Garou would never dream of going. I like to think that it
helps give us a broader perspective on the world. We see
the forest where others only see the trees, so to speak.

Khem (Cup)

Best to start at the beginning, I guess. Egypt was our
home. Egypt will be our home again. Few of us live in
Egypt any more. Those of us that do mostly live in the
surrounding areas, moving in and out of our lost home-
land as necessary. Khem is a dangerous place, and even
our fellow Garou are often too preoccupied with their
own concerns to help us. It is an ancient land, overrun
with ancient vampires. The Cult of Sutekh makes its
home there, and its leaders are very old and very danger-
ous. For centuries, they've wormed their way into the
human power structures, corrupting the nation from the
shadows. But now we hold out hope that their reign may
beatanend. Buries-the-Dead, the greatest living vampire
slayer of our tribe, is gathering forces for a war against
Egypt's undead. Dozens of young Striders, as well as their
packs and allies, are flocking to the region hoping to join
Buries-the-Dead's crusade. Some come seeking glory.
Others come seeking revenge. All come seeking the
destruction of the Cult of Sutekh. I wouldn't care to lay
odds on the outcome. Buries-the-Dead has been careful
about gathering allies and weapons. But Egypt, like
Europe, is home to some of the oldest and most powerful
vampires in the world. I think this war will be a bloody
one, and will see a great deal of death for our tribe. It may
even be the first battleground of the Apocalypse. But


a AA"

even if it isn't, the outcome may be critical for our tribe.
If Buries-the-Dead succeeds, it will change everything. If
she fails, we will have lost many that cannot be replaced.
But even if her plan fails, better to try for victory and fail
than to admit failure before you start.

The Middle Exth

Outside of Egypt, you find North Africa and the
Middle East. Since we can't live in Egypt, a lot of us go for
thenextbest thing. We've livedamong the Bedouinsand
Tuaregs for thousands of years, with numerous bloodlines
spread across several tribes. The region's traditional tribal
cultures work in our favor, with arranged marriages often
within extended familiesenabling us tocreatesomeofour
best homid breeding stock. Those same tribal relations
also mean that our Kin will close ranks and support their
family members any way they can.

That part of the world used to be a pretty nice place,
from our point of view. Fora bunch of reasons, the Middle
East fell behind the West technologically and economi-
cally. You see, what happened is that in that part of the
world, the Patriarch — the Weaver Incarna of Dogma —
became the dominant force, even to the expense of his
brethren, the Science Incarna and The Machine God.
The result was stagnation, both social and technological.
But while the humans were ensnared by the Weaver, the
lack of an Industrial Revolution kept out all of the pollu-
tion and misery that gave the Wyrm sucha foothold in the
West. This also meant that the deserts and wilderness
remained close to the Wyld and to Gaia. It wasn't quite
Maat, but it was closer than what was going on in Europe.

Unfortunately, then came a century or two of Imperi-
alism, followed by a few decades of Arab Nationalism,
Wahhabism and a bunch of other ‘isms. All of that hatred
and resentment has made a fertile breeding ground for the
Wyrm, andall of that oil money is giving the Machine God
an inroad into the region. We'd be perfectly happy if the
entire Islamic world went back to the way it was a thousand
years or more ago. Hell, we'd be even happier ifeveryone in
the world left the cities and lived as nomadic tribes. None
of that is going to happen. So the next best thing is to do
what we can to tryand harness that resentment for our own
ends. We makeattackson Westernownedoil, shippingand
telecommunication companies, and even against Leeches
when we can. We encourage our Kinfolk to do the same. If
I were human, I might look at the whole thing differently.
But I'm not. I was created with the express purpose of
protecting the world. Not humans. The entire world. And
if deadly force is what it takes to keep the Wyrm and the
Machine God out of a large part of the world, so be it.

Afrlea

Africa has never been friendly to the Garou. The
only wolves there are the handful of Kin near North

5

nam

Africa we watch over and protect. The other tribes
mostly ignore the continent. Sure, there'sa small line of
Afrikaner Get who've been all but forgotten by the rest
of their kind, and a few Black Furies trying to do their
thing insome of the most remote regions, but they're few
and far between. Africa is primarily the Fera's land, not
ours. Pissing them off is a quick way to an early grave.
Keep that fact in mind and remember what the Litany
says about the territory of others and you'll do okay.

Most of our African tribe members are from along
the Nile River, down in the Sudan. Ethiopia also plays
home to some of us, if for no other reason than it's
home to the last wolves in Africa. The rest of us tend
to come from the Tuaregs who live in Mali, Niger and
the rest of that area. The lack of wolves means that
most African Striders are homid or metis, but our Kin
in Ethiopia produce some lupus. We've always walked
softly in Africa. The local Fera's attitudes toward us
have always ranged from grudging tolerance to out-
right hatred. Black Tooth fell into the second group.
But then he apparently hated everyone, and everyone
hated him right back. And there's nothing better for
bringing together a bunch of people who don't like
each other like someone all of them like even less.

Black Tooth got to be such a pain for the Fera that
they decided to stomp on him hard. In fact, they were
so serious about it that they even asked us for help. Our
leader in those parts, Walks-With-Might, decided
that this was too great an opportunity to pass up and
agreed to help. So we went to war again Black Tooth
and his posse of werelions. When the dust settled,
Black Tooth was dead and everyone was wondering
what to do next. And then someone had an idea.

The Ahadi is a pact between the shapeshifters of
Africa. Well, most of them, anyway. The terms are
pretty simple. Everyone agrees to respect each other's
territory, and everyone helps each other battle the
Wyrm in Africa. As Gaia's Fangs, that means we —
along with the local Red Talons, who are the only other
tribe with any real numbers in Africa — get to provide
alot of the muscle. In return, the Fera act as our eyes and
ears, watch our backs during the fight, and any other
general acts of support they're capable of. And there you
have it. The single most revolutionary event in the
recent history of the Garou Nation. For the first time
since the fucking War of Rage, a bunch of shapeshifters
hasagreed to work together the way Gaia intended us to.
And to think, it only took a few thousand years.

The Ahadi is still a new thing, and some folks are
afraid it won't last. I am slightly more optimistic. So are
some others. From what I've heard, there are plans to try
and establish a new caern in Africa. A caern that serves
the Ahadi as a whole rather than just a single breed. I

Silent Striders

Somer reac nate if


have no idea how the logistics of that would work. I'm
not even sure if the Fera have caerns. But if it works, it
might go a long way toward strengthening the pacts.

There've also been noises made about inviting others
into the Ahadi. I'm notsure who there isto invite. Africa's
native Fenrir number less than.a dozen, and they've spend
the past two decades doing nothing but trying to protect
their three or four Kin families from countless threats. The
Black Furies are in a similar situation, focusing all of their
resources on defending a caern somewhere in the Congo.
From everything I've heard about the handful of Bone
Gnawers who live in South Africa, they keep to them-
selves and largely ignore the rest of the Garou Nation. On
the other hand, some of the Bone Gnawers in North
Africa might be more open to the idea. Some Glass
Walkers operate in Africa's cities, but Gaia only knows
what the Fera would think of inviting them in. Outside of
us and the Talons, African Garou are really more of a
curiosity than an institution. That leaves other Fera, and
sofar the rats, spiders and other things living there haven't
responded to any of our invitations.

osta

India was one of the first places part of our tribe tried
tosettle after leaving Egypt. Some of us are actually still
there. The Garou of India are a pretty insular lot.
They've got a pretty rigid social hierarchy set up over
there, mostly based on the human system, and since we
came in late, we've always been kind of low on the totem
pole, so to speak. Those Striders who are born and bred
in India and make an effort to fit in are pretty much on
the level of the Shudra, or commoners, along with local
Red Talons, Children of Gaia and Black Furies. The
only ones lower on the totem pole than us are the Bone
Gnawers, who are just about Dahlit, or untouchables,
only not quite as bad off. Above usare the Glass Walkers
(like the Vaishya merchants), the Silver Fangs (in the
Kshatriya warrior place), and the Stargazers (sort of
Brahmin priests, only not quite as "our word is law").

However, a new wrinkle has upset the stability of
this society. Seems a growing number of lupus and their
supporters are rebelling against this system. These revo-
lutionaries, called the Camp of Shiva, think the other
Garou have been getting too attached to the humans
and asa result have been trying to be more human than
Garou. The Camp of Shiva wants the local humans to
get the hell out of their way, and really don't giveadamn
ifany of them getkilled in the course of us doing our duty
to protect Gaia. After all, there'll always be more
humans, but there's only one Gaia. Indian Striders are
sort of split on the issue. Most of those who come down
on the traditionalist side are members of the Dispos-
sessed. The Camp of Shiva includes several prominent

a LTR EY EN Ne meme

members of the Harbingers, which has lent a lot of
strength to the sect's arguments.

Beyond that whole squabble, some of our Indian
tribemates want to try and extend the Ahadi to include
India's Fera. Easier said than done. Helping that plan is
the fact that most of India's Fera are the same kinds who
live in Africa, and they talk with their cousins. As long
as the Ahadi looks like it's working, they aren't closed to
the idea. Our fellow Garou, on the other hand, are less
interested. The traditionalists aren't sure where the Fera
would fit into their social pecking order, so are skeptical
of the idea. On top of this, members of the Camp of
Shiva have already started trying to forge alliances with
India's rat and tiger born Fera, and some traditionalists
point to this as proof that alliances with the Fera are a
bad idea. On the other hand, maybe it's just another sign
that the Camp of Shiva is India's future.

One good thing I can say about India: there
doesn't seem to be that many vampires these days. It
looks like the recent supernatural cataclysm in
Bangladesh thinned their numbers a bit. A pity it
couldn't have happened in Egypt instead.

Ata

Aside from the nomads of the Middle East, Cen-
tral Asia is probably the greatest success story we've
ever had. Vast open steppes, populated by nomadic
horse clans. Its perfect for us, and we took to it like
ducks to water. There are even more wolves here than
there are in the Middle East, so it's played a significant
role in keeping our tribe's wolf blood strong. We have
several strong lines of Kin in the region, both among
wolf packs and among human families.

For most of the 1990s, our interests in Central Asia
were forcibly divided. On the one side, you had those of
us who lived in the former Soviet Republics. The
Stridersin those regions were trapped behind the Shadow
Curtain that cut Russia off from the rest of the world.
The armies of the Wyrm Hag, Baba Yaga assaulted
them. They joined with the rest of Russia's Garou out of
theneed for mutual survival. Now that the Hag has been
defeated, those Striders who are veterans of the war
have forged bonds of trust, respect and friendship with
the other Garou of the former Soviet Union.

Meanwhile, the Striders of Mongolia and western
China found themselves in a difficult bind. All those
they sent into the former Soviet Union to learn what
happened to their fellows never returned. The loss of
such large swaths of territory also made travel to India
and the Middle East difficult. So instead, those Striders
turned east for aid. Unlike a lot of other tribes, we've
never gone out of our way to be assholes to the people
whose territory we visit and since we don't make waves

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 55

SS NS SN

|

ae AA

they just pretend we aren't there. It's a good policy and
it'sserved us well over the centuries. Because ofthat, the ~
hengeyokai don't consider us to be the same sort of
ignorant barbarians the rest of our kind are. So, fearing
the worst, the Mongolian Striders began making more
overtures to the hengeyokai's Beast Courts. The Beast
Courts are like the Ahadi, only a lot older and more
established. All the Fera live and work together in some
sort of elaborate pecking order. From what I understand,
the majority of us who are actually part of the Beast
Courts are members of something called the Ambassa-
dors. They're kind of a wandering sept who travel East
Asia hoping to build stronger alliances between
hengeyokai caerns and even find allies among other
supernatural creatures for when the Apocalypse comes.
Those Striders among the sept apparently pull double
duty, trying to build better ties with other Asian Garou
and finding allies among China's Underworld.

Now that the Shadow Curtain has dropped, the
Silent Striders of Asia are getting to know each other
again. In the ten years of separation, they did drift apart,
but not too badly. There is a unique opportunity here, I
think. One faction of the Striders has forged strong ties
to the Garou Nation in Russia. The other faction has
made inroads into the Beast Courts of China. If the two
factions can repair the — thankfully minor — rift
between them, they might be able to act as a bridge
between the Garou and the Asian Fera. I may be hoping
for too much, but I always was an optimist.

Surope

Wenever bothered much with Europe. When we left
Egypt, some of us wandered the Mediterranean, living as
sailorsand pirates. A few of uspoked around Europe'scoast
lines, but for the most part, there were already too many
other Garou there and they didn't really like us sniffing
around their territory. Visiting was fine, but trying to set
up shop and raise a family was frowned upon. Not that it
stopped us, mind you. But only a few Strider lines in
Europe trace themselves back to those ancient voyagers.

Most of the European born Striders these days are
of Rroma descent. They typically hail from Eastern
Europe and parts of Russia where the Rromahave been *
living —settled down, mind you and not wandering —
for a few hundred years. The Porrajmos — the Holo-
caust — destroyed far too many of our bloodlines, but
others have survived. We're something of an invisible
minority in Europe, but we're there. fi

Because most of our lines live in Eastern Europe, 4
the European members of our tribe are far more likely
to dwell among the halls of the Shadow Lords than
those of the Silver Fangs. So it should come as no
surprise that the European branch of our tribe now
happily follows the banner of Margrave Yuri Konietzko,

56

w———

the new leader of the Shadow Lords. The Margrave is
trying to unite the Garou of Europe under his leader-
ship. The Rroma Striders follow him for three reasons.
One is that he's never fucked them over. They aren't
naive enough to think that he might not do it later, but
for now he appears honorable. Second is that the man
is actually competent and has done everything he's
said he would. He gets things done. And third, the
Margrave has a reputation as an enemy of the undead.

The Rroma Striders still retain some of their mortal
upbringing, including the cultural taboos about spiritual
cleanliness. Vampires are heavily marimé. Not only are
they dead, but they also feed on blood, which is also
taboo. So our tribe's natural hatred of the Undead is
compounded in their case. They aid the Margrave in his
battles against the undead and against the forces of the
Wyrm which feed on the butchery and suffering in the
Balkans. In return, they hope that Eastern Europe might
become a temporary homeland for our tribe and that the
Margrave and those he gathers under his banner might
help us in our war to retake Egypt. Maybe it's a pipe
dream, I don't know. Time will tell, I guess.

North Atwerlea

North Americais, in many ways, a Garou paradise.
Yes, there are cities and pollution and lots of other
problems, but there are more of us here than any other
place in the world. And not just more homids, but
more lupus as well. Every tribe has a significant pres-
ence here, and we're no exception.

America is and always has been the land of the
drifter. For as long as there was a Wild West, there were
folks who'd just pack up and head out into the great
unknown. Even after the frontier closed, people still kept
getting the itch to just get out and see something new.
You've got toadmire that. Sure, these days, mostmonkeys
would just as soon sit on their ass and watch TV, but
there's always going to be those who want to see some-
thing more. And we're wandering right along side them.

The western half of the United States might not be
so wild any more, but its still appealing to us. All that
wide open space out there in the planes and the deserts
and the badlands. In some places, you can walk for days
and never see a town. It's perfect for us. You find a lot
of American Striders who fancy themselves as modern
day cowboys, traveling from place to place and sleep-
ing out under the stars. Others take Jack Kerouac as
theirrole model, sticking tothe highways and interstates
in their search for fun, trouble and self-discovery.

In the eastern half of the county, most of us stick
with the rivers. Must be a holdover from the days when
we wandered up and down the Nile. Striders travel up
and down the Mississippi, the Missouri and other water-
ways, watching for trouble among the local river spirits

PLATE FEY Ne: me

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

and picking up ghosts who've died in watery graves. For
human born Garou, the music of the river becomesa big
part of the lifestyle. Most of us know the location of
every decent juke joint and honky-tonk from New
Orleans to Chicago and all points in between.

One bit of Strider culture that's unique to America
is what I call Trolling for Psychos. You see, America
hasaminor problem with serial killers. Sure, they show
up in other countries, but when you get this sort of
combinations of lots of towns and cities separated by
stretches of wilderness, it makes dumping bodies too
easy. Every one of the little bastards has their own
special malfunction, but you get a fair number who are
either drifters or who prey on them. So some of us
hitchhike or else spend time hanging around truck
stops, bus stations and other places where some of
these people hunt. And with luck, they decide to make
us their next victim. I assume you can guess what
happens then. The game has caught on with some
Garou from other tribes. I've seen some Striders who
make contests of it, especially with Bone Gnawers. Of
course, we usually win. We get to cheat by asking the
ghosts of previous victims, after all.

Canada doesn't have as many of us, really. We've
never really been drawn to the colder climates. We visit,
sure. But we never stay all that long. Still, sometimes
things happen to draw ourattention. Take Vancouver, for
example. A few years ago, someone in Vancouver got this
absolutely ingenious idea of trying to make peace with the
local vampires. And of course, not only did the vampires
turn around and stab the local Garou in the back, it cost
them a caer in the process. Now in my mind, that kind
of stupidity is inexcusable and whoever came up with that
idea should be skinned alive ifhe hasn't been already. But,
thankfully those Garou in Vancouver who actually sur-
vived the entire clusterfuck have finally got their heads
out of their asses. They want revenge. And they want to
drive the Leeches away from the last remaining caern in
thecity. Sothey've been looking for outside help. Enterus.
We hate vampires. And we travel all over the place, so we
know where to go to find other people who'd like to kill
vampires. The plan is to do what we did in Chicago a
decade ago. (1 wasn't even a year past my Rite of Passage
and I'll be damned if that wasn't some of the biggest fun
I've ever had in my life. Ah, to be youngand believe you're
invincible.) Gather packs fromall overand turn them lose
onthecity. Hit fastand cripple ordestroy them before they
can react and start organizing a counterattack. A lot of us
are looking at Vancouver asa potential testing ground for
what mighthappen in Egypt. Anything we learn there can
only be a boon to Buries-the-Dead and her followers.

Mexico is another place that's crawling with blood-
suckers. It's also crawling with Banes, Black Spiral Dancers
and fomori. The Septs in Mexico tend to be fairly isolated

ramen

|

and paranoid. Members of our tribe play a vital role there,
helping to keep those septs in touch with each other and
bringing news from the outside world. We also do our usual
service as scouts, bringing advanced warning of threats so
thatthe caernshave time to prepare forthenextattack. And
our experience as vampire hunters is always appreciated.

South Ameria

Heading south, we come to South America. There's
only a handful of Garou native to the region. Uktena
mostly, with some Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers in
the cities. A few others here and there. Most are from
elsewhere. The big focus, of course, ison the Amazon. For
about fifteen years or so, it's been a war zone. You should
already know the story about the war. For the most part,
we work as scouts and assassins, as well as grunts. Unfor-
tunately, all the Garou being there has pissed off the local
Fera. I can understand their reaction. Bad enough that
monkeys are tearing down their home, but now it looks
like Garou are invading and stealing their land.

Some of the Striders down there got the idea of trying
to create something like the Ahadi down there as well.
Unfortunately, most of the Garou there don'tsubscribe to
our Don't Be An Asshole philosophy. And the local Fera
aren't used to us, the way the African ones are. Don't
know us and don't trust us. A few optimists have made
noises about going to Africa and asking for help from
some of the Fera there, in the hope that the creatures in
the Amazon might listen to their cousins. For all I know
this might be like asking the Fianna to help you talk to the
Wendigo. Others have talked about trying to organize
those Garou who are willing to exist in peace with the
Feraand take over the war effort, forcing the more hostile
Garou out. But too many worry that doing so would turn
intoacivil warand leave an opening for the Wyrm towin.
There are no easy answers here. Such is life.

Auttraba

Finally, we come to Australia. Saving the worst for
last, so to speak. It's a desolate place, really. And for the
life of me, I can not figure out how a land so inhospitable
to our kind has attracted so many Garou. There are no
native wolves, the local Fera don't like us, and the local
spirits hate our guts. Yet members of every tribe try to
make theirhome here. Part of the reason Australia's spirit
world is so hostile to us is because we helped kill all the
Garou who used to live there. And by "we," I mean usand
all the other tribes. Sure, a few of our tribe actually tried
talking to the Bunyip. That's always been our way. Don't
Be An Asshole. It was their land and we were just passing
through. But we were the ones who brought back infor-
mation to the other tribes of what the Outback and the
Dreamtime were like. We were the ones who showed
them where the Bunyip and their Kin lived. And we were

5

Jf [prtrnctmmems

a 7 ee

theone's whodidn'ttry tostop them when they did it. Evil
triumphing while good men do nothing and all that. So
now the Australian Umbrais haunted by spirits few of the
local Garou understand, many of them born of pain and
genocide and Rage. The Dark Umbra is even worse. Half
the ghosts there —all of them white folks; I've yet to hear
of anyone actually meeting an Aboriginal ghost — have
been driven mad by the voices of the past. Ghosts being
haunted. It'd be funny if it wasn't so fucking tragic.

Yet still, some of us manage to survive there. Strid-
ers in Australia mostly focus one puzzling out the lost
secrets of the Umbra or uncovering what they can of the
Bunyip's legacy. Except for one group. There's an all-
Strider pack called the Strider Circus. They travel
Australia with an entourage of their Kinfolk, perform-
ing for Garou and humans alike. Most of their material
is traditional Aboriginal stuff. Native music and dance,
and storytelling. They tell the stories and legends of the
Aborigines to anyone who'll listen, as well as the stories
of how they were driven from their lands, murdered and
their culture almost destroyed. When performing for
Garou, they also tell the stories of how our ancestors
killed the Bunyip. Supposedly, they do this to make
amends for the past and to appease Australia's spirits.

Unfortunately, thisjust feeds into this giant cultofguilt
and shame the Australian Garou have built for themselves.
They spend so much time angsting about past mistakes that
they're losing sight of the present and the future. They all sit
around feeling sorry for themselves and for the past, falling
into Harano and not being able to do anything about the
problemsof today. I said it before and I'll say itagain: theonly
thing the past is good foris enriching the present. But for the
Garou of Australia, the past has become an anvil chained to
their necks. They're drowning and they need to cut it loose.
What's done is done, and there's nothing you can do to
change it. Saying you're sorry won't bring the dead back and
obsessing over things you can't change isa waste of time and
energy. Sitting around feeling sorry for yourself doesn't doa
damn thing to protect Gaia. Yes, we have a duty to remem-
ber what we asa people did to the Bunyip. We remember it
because we need to learn from it. We need to understand
how and why it happened, not to show us how stupid and
evil we are, but to make sure something like that never
happens again. That is the only worthwhile reason for
remembering past mistakes.

The Other Fe
Ue Sigel

So, that's the world. But we share it with others, of
course. There's our fellow Garou and our overall culture
to contend with. Not to mention the countless other

Silent Striders

ie yy',


creatures under the sun. Some are friends, some are foes.
But they're out there, and you'll have to deal with them
eventually. That's what happens when youmove around
alot. The more you know about the people out there,
the better prepared you are for when you meet them.

The Litany

As upstanding, forthright members of the Garou
Nation, it's important for us to know all the rules. It's
also important to understand the spirit of those rules.
Tfall you focus on are the words, when it comes time to
decide if the rule applies or not, you waste time arguing
over this word or that word and how it applies. But if
you understand the spirit of the thing, then you know,
instinctively, when it applies.

Garou Sbabl Not Mafe VUKb Garow

Sigh. Why the fuck is this one so hard for people to
understand? No, I don't care that you're both head over
heels in love and no, I don't care that you're "being
careful." What you are being is an incredibly selfish
bastard. All you are caring about is your own needs and
wants and you are completely ignoring everyone else
involved. For Garou, mating and sex is not just a private
activity between two people. We have a sacred duty to
Gaia to continuously increase the sizes of our bloodlines.
Metis are a dead end in the bloodline. We're a dying race
and the more fertile Kin and Garou we have, the better
our odds of survival. And if we die out, Gaia has no Fangs
to protect Her. The Wyrm wins and we have failed the
duty appointed to us. You are ignoring Gaia's needs for
your own selfish pleasure. You are also ignoring the needs
of your offspring. If you produce a metis, all you have to
live with is scorn and shame. Your kid has to live with all
of that plus crippling deformity or even insanity. And for
‘our metis, it's even worse. They start attracting ghosts
from birth, and unlike you, they can't run away from
them. You are inflicting on that kid lifetime of pain and
shame, all because you couldn't keep it in your pants.

If I seem like a hard-ass about the subject it's for a
simple reason. We're the only tribe who can't disown our
metis. Every metis that carries our blood also carries our
curse from birth. At least the female half of our tribe
doesn't run off and pretend it never happened. I've met
too many jackasses in this tribe who think that just
because they don't have to stick around and deal with the
consequences, it's okay to leave some local girl high and
dry with their inbred freak of a kid. Luckily most of them
don't escape that easy. Owl has a habit of eventually
leading his metis children to their parents. AndGaiahelp
you if your partner decides to kill the cub to hide her own
shame. That's one ghost you almost never outrun.

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

Sg

INN es

Combat the Wyrm Wherever It Duh
and Wherever It Breet

This one is fairly straightforward. If you find a crea-
ture of the Wyrm, you combat it. That's your job as one
of Gaia's Fangs. That said, it's also your job to not get
yourself killed if you can help it. If you find something
that's too big foryouand your pack to handle on yourown,
goand gethelp. Then come back and deal with it. There's
a reason why our people consider Wisdom to be just as
important as Glory. Just try to remember that there are
other ways to combat things than by killing it. Humans
andanimalshaunted by Banescan be exorcised. Poisoned
lands can be cleansed. Corruption can be weeded out. If
it's a vampire, though, kill it. Always.

Raspeat the Territory of Another

This is one of our tribe's two most important rules.
The curse dictates that we have to spend at least part
of ourtime drifting from one place to the other. Hence,
our basic rule of Don't Be An Asshole. Announce your
presence to any caern you come close to. Follow
whatever rules they have. And if they ask you to leave,
do so. This rule doesn't just apply to the Garou, either.
For us, it applies to the Fera as well. We travel in lands
where our kind aren't looked upon all that fondly, and
the only reason we have survived doing so while others
have failed is because we respect the territory of the

natives. That's why this rule is also the cornerstone of
the Ahadi. It's good manners and good sense.

Accopt an Honorable Surrenfer

Another simple one. As I said before, we're a dying
race. We can't afford to be killing each other. If you can't
control yourselfenough to recognize when another Garou
yields, you have aproblem. And if you kill another Garou
over something petty and stupid — and I'm firmly of the
opinion that anything that doesn't involve someone
having fallen to the Wyrm is pretty petty — you might
find that your deeds literally come back to haunt you.

Jibwlelon fo Thats of Higher Matton

Respect your elders. We only have access to their
wisdom and secrets for as longas they are here, so learn from
them while you can. That doesn't mean coddling a fool. If
you come across someone of a higher rank who happens to
be a complete git, just nod and smile at his bullshit. The
exception is if that bullshit is something that is going to get
other Garou killed, threaten the security of the caern or
otherwise result in some major fuck up. If that happens, you
have a responsibility to challenge him. But if someone has
honestly learned the right to lead, we will follow.

r
. 59

eS NN

The Fittp Spare of the Xi
jor the Cireapatt bo Syebon

The best example for understanding the spirit and
not the letter of the Litany. Basically, whenever a group
of Garou finds some cool shit, the leader gets first pick
of what he wants to keep. By and large, the only things
we own are what we can carry with us. So our "cool shit"
tends to be information. Tell your elders everything
you've learned. Then they can decide what information
is worth their remembering it. As for fetishes and other
material goodies, our elders are usually pretty easy-going
when it comes to letting the young keep what they find.
The only exceptions are if the kid finds something really
dangerous, which he either has no idea how to use safely
orcan't protect it properly, or when a group of Wayfarers
work together, and the oldest member always makes
sure he gets what's rightfully his.

You Stall Not Cat the Pith of Pharmant

Monkey meat is addictive. If you try it once, the
Wyrm gets a hold of you and then you want more and
moreandcan'tstop. I'venever understood why anyone'd
want to eat a human anyway. With all the shit they eat,
they're probably poisonous. And obviously, this rule
applies to the flesh of wolves and other Garou as well.

Re hive Beneath You —
Mb Ars of Cla

Gaiacharged us todefendand protect the worldand
everything in it. To kill and destroy without reason is to
betray Gaia's trust. To hunt without honoring the spirit
of your prey is to disrespect Ma'at and the prey's role
under it. This rule also applies to Garou of lesser rank.
The young are our future. When I die, their memories

will be all that remain of me in this world. I'd just as soon
not be remembered for being a dick, thanks.

Te Vat Salt Nop Be Life

Again, this iscommonsense. If humans found out we
lived among them, there'd be mobs armed with flame-
throwers and silver bullets out for our hides. So don't go
around taking Crinos form in front of crowds and for
fuck's sake don't tell them about us. And that goes forall
humans. I don't give a fuck what you've heard about
Gypsies or Native Americans or whoever the Little
Brown Brother du jour is. If they're Kin, then they should
already have been told all they need to know, just like any
other Kin. If they aren't, then they don't need to know
shit and they don't have access to some secret ethnic
mystical insight into who we are either. And besides, if
youcan't keep your mouth shut about our existence, what
the fuck are you doing in this tribe anyway?

Silent Striders

Do Not Suffer Your Fa
to Tivd: Yor eae

This one's asticky one for us. You see, we value our
elders, as we can't learn from their wisdom once they're
gone. But ifhe can't outrun the ghosts any longer, then
he might end up going mad. If one of us dies in battle,
we do like we did with Vik: bury the body, mourn the
spirit and honor the memory. But if one of us starts to
get to where he's a burden on others, we have our other
death rite. The elder will gather as many tribemates as
he can around him and tell them his life story. Every-
thing he's done and everything he's learned. Then he
goes off into the Umbra to make one last quest for the
Tribal Homeland. And he's never seen again. Better to
end your days doing something than to give in and let
someone else end your life for you.

The cote 4 &e Chillenged
Any Time Dartag Poace

This is the way of things. Constant challenges keep
a good leader sharp and keep a bad leader from being a
leader. When it comes to challenges, most other Garou
expect us to favor facedowns and gamecraft. And, yes,
we're good at that. We go places and see things that
would scare most folks shitless, so we aren't easily
intimidated. Owl doesn't want dullards for children, so
most of us work at keeping our minds sharp. However,
since we don't go around bragging about our great
warrior traditions, they also expect us to be pushovers in
trials by combat. Few make that mistake twice.

The Leader Nay Not Be Chabenged
Durlag Wartlme

Again, this is the way of things. In battle, lives
depend on people doing what they are told and acting
without hesitation. But it's also possible for a leader to
give bad orders. And that can lead to failure or even to
pointless deaths. There is no good guideline here. You
just have to be smart enough to be able to tell the
difference between a good order and a bad order, and
to be smart enough to know when a leader might just
be good enough that he's giving what seems like a bad
order for a good reason you haven't figured out yet.
Sound unfair? Well, life's tough.

You Stall Tak No Aton
T Pat Causat a Caorn fo Ba Violated

Or you die. End of story. This is the other of our two
most important rules. Once, we lost the lands Gaia
entrusted to us. Never again. We defend every caern to
the death. No one besides Garou and trusted Kin are
allowed in. Only in the lands of the Ahadi is this rule even


slightly different. There, it's possible that a known and
trusted member of one of the Fera might be admitted. But
no others. If wizards or other creatures feel the need to
meet with us, they can do so somewhere other than a
caern. If any vampire ever comes anywhere near a caern,
we kill it. If one of their blood slaves comes near a caern,
he's tortured until he tells us everything about his master.
Then we kill him and hunt down the creature that sent
him. And if you ever, ever bring a vampire to one of our
caerns, we will not only kill you, we will see to it that your
soul is destroyed and your name stricken from every
record we have. In this, there is no compromise.

So, those are the rules of the Garou Nation. And
we share those rules with the rest of our brothers in
arms. Now, we travel all over the place and make a
concerted effort to talk to each other, it helps us get a
much bigger perspective on the way things are. Every-
one else only sees the people they are around every day,
and that small sample becomes their impression of
what the other tribes are like. Never mind that a Black
Fury from Alexandria, Virginia might not be anything
like her sisters in Alexandria, Egypt. We can't do that.
When you travel from place to place, you don't have
the luxury of just assuming that everyone of this tribe
acts that way while everyone from that tribe acts this
way. You have to take a step back from what's in front
of you and look at what you've seen in a bunch of
different places. When you do that, you start to see
what different members from different tribes have in
common, even when they're from different corners of
the world. You have to learn to recognize and under-
stand the archetypes, not the stereotypes. When you
can do that, you can understand how to deal with a
member of another tribe no matter where he's from.

The Parla Teller

We'll start with the low men on the totem pole.
The Pariah tribes are those who, for whatever reason,
have fallen away from the mainstream of our society.
They are different, and like every other animal, we
equate different with scary and troubling. The Pariahs
make us uncomfortable because they are different.
And that might end up being their undoing.

Bone Cmanert

Rat's Children live in filth. They're an unruly mob
who barely lives on the fringes of the Garou Nation.
The other tribes look down on them for their undistin-
guished lineage and spit on them for being the omega
wolves. And the Bone Gnawers don't care. All that
matters to them is survival. Just living another day is a
victory for one of them. And they manage to survive in
places that have a thousand ways to kill you. They also

INN

keep their eyes open. Rat's children see all. And if you
ask nicely — read, you bribe them — they might tell
you what they know. In spite of the difference between
our spiritual patrons, they can be powerful allies.
Especially ina fight, because they fight dirty. Just don't
ever condescend to them. They aren't stupid, so don't
treat them like they are.

Chast Mafiers

Cockroach's children are too infatuated with the
Weaver. They've lived among the monkeys for so long
that they've forgotten what it's like to be wolves. The
other tribes worry that they'll soon become to the
Weaver what the Black Spiral Dancers are to the
Wyrm. The Glass Walkers scoff at this, thinking we're
all too hidebound and backward. They're obsessed
with progress (or what they consider to be progress,
anyway). Always moving forward, never looking back.
They've adapted to the modern urban jungle, and
thrive in it. Regardless of their flaws, we need them.
Their understanding of the Weaver will be vital when
it comes to restoring Ma'at. Their understanding of
human institutions and modern warfare can be power-
ful weapons in our war against the undead. There is
only one thing about them I consider unforgivable.
How cana tribe willingly turn its back on their ances-
tors? The pure hubris of the thing is unbelievable. Do
they really not understand what they're giving up?

Red Teilont

Homer once wrote, "Thereare no compacts between
lions and men, and wolves and lambs have no concord."
Such is the way of the Red Talons. Griffin's children are
angry, and consumed with hate for the human race. They
have every reason to be. Man has hunted our wolf Kin to
near extinction, and wiped out countless other species.
Even the so-called "Pure Ones" whom the Wendigo
revere wiped out the mammoth and other species. The
Red Talons were charged by Gaia to watch over, protect
and guide our wolf Kin. And they have failed. We, more
than most, can empathize. But Gaia made us from human
as well as wolf, and the Red Talons have forgotten this.
They have lost touch with their human side even more
than the Glass Walkers have lost touch with their wolf
half. In doing so, they have also lost touch with the other
tribes. They no longer understand us, and we're rapidly
losing ourunderstanding of them. I fear only the worstcan
come of this.

Suny pp

The last of the Pariah tribes is the lost one. The
Bunyip isolated themselves from the rest of the Garou
Nation. Their ways and even their forms became

strange and alien to us. So alien, in fact, that we were
willing to kill them because we could no longer under-

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 61

SSS SN


Sere rere user caren anarensan are ser svvan emsmarurensnareneh

ae AA

stand them. The wisdom and strength of Rainbow
Serpent's children were lost to us, and their protector-
ate is the worse for that loss. All because they became
something too different for us to accept.

And that is the lesson of the Bunyip. The other
Pariah tribes must learn from their mistake. If the Bone
Gnawers become so disdainful of our ways, if the Glass
Walkers become so enamored of the ways of the
Weaver and of men, if the Red Talons become nothing
more than mindless beasts, the other tribes will turn on
them. And kill them. And we will be all the weaker for
their loss.

Leadborship and Vovor

From the lowest to the highest. The tribes of
Honorare our leaders. They have, one way or another,
earned our respect. And with that respect comes the
willingness to follow them. But their honor may well
destroy them.

Milton of Cala

Vik once told me that half of what you hear about
the other tribes is nothing but lies, and the other half
is just half-truths and misunderstandings. I think
Unicom's children might be the ultimate embodi-
ment of that. I always hear people talk about how the
Shadow Lords are all these devious manipulators who
can't be trusted. If they're such great manipulators,
then why does no one trust them? On the other hand,
everyone thinks the Children of Gaia are harmless.
That's what they want us to think. They've carefully
crafted this image of being softheaded happy shiny
puppy dogs, and it's the greatest con I've ever seen.
Scoff if you will, but remember this: While others talk,
we watch and listen. We pay attention to them, and
have figured out their plan. You see, the Children of
Gaia want to unify the Garou Nation into one big
happy uber-tribe. And, of course, they'll get to be the
leaders of this new Garou order. Most of this comes
from them thinking they have a better understanding
of what Gaia wants than the rest of us. They've grown
smug and self-righteous in their belief that they know
the One True Way. And they want to teach the rest of
us poor ignorant savages how to do things the right way
(meaning their way). Most of them try to be everyone's
buddy, use passive resistance to shame other Garou
into not fighting with them and try to lead by example.
But some of them think they should start beating the
rest of us into line. Don't ever underestimate them.
They play the political game better than anyone, and
aren'tafraid to get their hands dirty when they have to.

Shadow Lordt

Speaking of getting your hands dirty. You may be
wondering why I list Grandfather Thunder's Children

62

a —_—

asatribeof Honor. They'reall manipulative backstabbing
bastards, aren't they? Well, yes. But they're our manipu-
lative backstabbing bastards. What most folks fail to
understand about the Shadow Lords is that they are
every bit as honorable as the rest of us. It's just that they
subscribe to a radically different idea of what honor is.
To the Shadow Lords way of thinking, Gaia has en-
trusted them — and by extension, all of us — with the
most sacred of tasks: safeguard the world against all
threats. It's a deadly serious business to them, and one
that doesn't allow for mistakes. Their honor demands
that they do anything and everything necessary to
defend Gaia. They don't have time to play games or
handle things with kid gloves just because someone else
might object. And if you can't understand the impor-
tance of what they're doing, that's your problem.

And yes, they are perfectly happy to manipulate and
deceive the rest of us to get ahead. That's because they've
spent countless centuries dealing with some of the most
intelligent and deceptive creatures the Wyrm ever made:
vampires. They know from experience that the Wyrm
doesn't always come at you asa gibbering horror trying to
tear your face offand suck out your brain through your eye
sockets. The Wyrmalsocomesat you with the face of your
best friend, whispering honeyed words in your ear and
trying to tempt you away from Gaia with countless empty
promises. So the Shadow Lords come at you with the
same honeyed words and empty promises. Because if
you'll fall for it from them, then you'll fall for it from the
Wyrm. And better you lose your klaive or your Kinor your
caer to them than to the Wyrm.

Seer Farge

Our esteemed kings, tsars and pharaohs. Once,
Falcon's children were the best and brightest of the
Garou Nation. Our greatest heroes and warriors. Men
and women of impeccable honor. That was then. For
too long, they've coasted by on the deeds of their
ancestors. Too many of them seek honor in their pedi-
grees instead of in their deeds. They've become parodies
of themselves. The addle-brained king who sits on his
throne, orating about his past deeds as his kingdom falls
apartaround him. They continue todemand obedience,
even if they've done nothing to earn it. And they
ruthlessly cling to power, undercutting some of the
champions weso desperately need because they're afraid
of threats to their rule. This generation of Silver Fangs
may be the last, and our fate may hinge on whether or
not they can once again find the nobility — true
nobility, and not just the trappings of it— they've lost.

Coufan
Turtle's Children were one of the Three Brothers,

the three tribes Garou charged to watch over and guard
the Americas. The Croatan were the Middle Brother.

Silent Striders

a TENT 7,


Theirstrong willsand pure hearts made them the tireless
earth that protected the Pure Lands from the Eater of
Souls. Their honor won them the respect of their
brothers, and made them the ones the others looked to
for guidance and direction. But their honor also led
them to sacrifice themselves. The entire tribe commit-
ted suicide to stop the Eater of Souls from materializing
in the world. Their sacrifice succeeded, but it left their
brothers without the leadership and support they needed.
They drifted apart and their protectorates were lost to
invading Garou of other tribes.

And this is the lesson of the Croatan. The other
tribes' honor may well lead to their own self-destruc-
tion. If the Children of Gaia become so intent on
trying to unify us that they kill themselves just to prove
apoint, if the Shadow Lords become so obsessed with
protecting Gaia no matter what the cost that they start
to look at us as the enemy, if the Silver Fangs allow
themselves to rot from the inside and refuse to admit
they have a problem, all because their idea of honor
demands it, then they will leave the rest of us without
the leadership we need. And right now, we need good,
dependable leadership more than ever.

War and Cory

Every nation needs its warriors. We, of course, are
anentire race of warriors, so when some of us manage to
distinguish themselves as a tribe of warriors, that's
saying something. Out ofall of us, the tribes of Glory are
those who meet our enemies head on. They fight with
claw and fang, with hammer and klaive, and with every
ounce of passion and strength they have. But they are
also full of pride. And that pride may be their downfall.

Fapna

Stag's children are driven by passion. It's not just
bloodlust, but a lust for life in all its glory that drives
themtofightharderand longer. Youcan have nogreater
friend and no more persistent enemy than one of the
Fianna. They love to swap stories with us, and gladly
welcome us to their caerns. To their way of thinking,
either we'll bring interesting stories to entertain them or
we'll bring warning of monsters for them to go kill.
Either way, it results in a lot of celebratory drinking.
Andfighting. And fucking. Like] said, they're driven by
passion. All in all, they're a pretty decent bunch. But I
swear, the next American Fianna see wearingakilt, I'm
going to shove a caber up his ass.

lot of Finns

Where the Fianna are driven by passion, Fenris'
children are driven by strength. Strength is all that they
respect. Not just physical strength, but strength of will,
of character and of family. War is their proving ground,
where they test themselves for the final battle of the

Apocalypse. And they continuously test themselves
because they know how high the stakes will be in that
last fight. That's why they're such belligerent dicks, of
course. They continuously test everyone else as well. To
their way of thinking, if we aren'tstrong enough tostand
up to them, then how can we possibly be strong enough.
tostand up to the Wyrm? Thatsaid, they have their uses.
If you and your pack ever find anything too big to take
on by yourselves, these guys are the best ones to go to for
help. There's nothing they love better thana good fight.
And they're people of their word. If one calls you his
friend, take it as a compliment.

Nendigo

Wendigo's children are the second of the Three
Brothers. They were the Little Brother who watched
over the frozen north, protecting it with their anger and
their fury. They were the howling icy wind that tore
apart the Beast of War. The Croatan tempered that fury.
With their loss, the Wendigo fell to despair. Despair and
hate. They hate almost everyone. They hate the Euro-
pean Garou for taking their lands. They hate the Wyrm
for taking their brother. They hate the Uktena for
betraying their brother's memory. And though they
neversay it, youcan tell the rest by looking in their eyes.
They hate the Croatan for leaving them. And they hate
themselves for not dying with them. We're one of the
few tribes they don't hate. They don't love us, but they
don't call us enemy either. We tried to live in peace
beside them, and didn't help the other tribes take their
lands. But we didn't stand beside them against their
enemies either. We can empathize with some of their
loss. But I honestly believe they would do a greater
honor to the Croatan's memory in fighting by our side,
and by the side of the other tribes.

White Prowhert

Pity poor Lion. Turtle and Rainbow Serpent have
lost their children, but at least their children are dead.
Lion's children have betrayed him and Gaia, and their
descendants are a mockery of what they once were.
The White Howlers guarded over the dark and deso-
late northern highlands. They were ferocious warriors
and masters of strange rites. Like us, they dared to
explore the Dark Umbra. But where we went in search
of wisdom, they went in search of battle and glory.
They feared nothing and believed that they could
triumph over any foe. And so in their pride — in their
hubris — they went down into the bowels of the earth,
and there they fell. Not to death, but to corruption.
The White Howlers ceased to exist. What came back
out were the Black Spiral Dancers.

And this is the lesson of the White Howlers. Even
the greatest warrior needs the aid and support of his

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life 63

Sp ete eet

mene

——_ emma

|

friends and allies. There is no shame in asking for help.
There is no glory ina meaningless death, and even less
in becoming a servant of the enemy. Pride led the
White Howlers to fight a foe that was too great for
them to defeat. Whether out of pride, or passion or
pain, our warrior tribes might make the same mistake.
And it's a mistake we can't afford. We need their
strength for the final battle.

Miythery and Witdorw

On the opposite end, we have our mystics. Raw
strength and fury alone won't defend Gaia. We need
mystical insight and spiritual power as well. Sowe have
the tribes of Mystery.

ack Firat

Pegasus' children are the guardians of the Wyld
and of women. They seek wisdom in the hidden
mysteries and magic of femininity. I often wonder why
we don'talso have a tribe that is charged with oversee-
ing men and nurturing the mystical powers of mascu-
linity. Maybe that's what the Glass Walkers were
supposed to do, once upon a time. Most ancient
cultures understood the power inherent in both sexes,
and established fraternities and sororities to pass on
the secrets of both. Both aspects are vital to Gaia.
Under Ma'at, they are in balance. I fear that the Black
Furies may be out of balance. There's also a certain
hypocrisy among some of them. It's ironic how a tribe
that claims to hate the Weaver so much can be so
consumed by the forces of Dogma. For at least half of
them, their answer to everything is, "it's a man's fault."
The rest of them, on the other hand, are actually useful
allies and traveling companions.

Ukfera

Older Brother to the Croatan and Wendigo,
Uktena's children were the last of the Three Brothers.
Gaia gave them the rivers and deserts of the Pure Lands
as their protectorate. Their clever minds made them
the fluid waters that could slip through the subtle
snares and traps of the Defiler Wyrm. They endlessly
searched for dark secrets and clever magics to help
them bind dangerous Wyrm beasts deep in the earth.
The Croatan helped keep them focused, reminding
them of the greater purpose behind their search for
those secrets. Now, I'm afraid they've become a bit...
scattered. Having lost much of their lands, the Uktena
have taken it upon themselves to take cultures from
around the world under their paw. They go almost as
many placesas we do. Although different interests may
motivate our travels and quests, we still travel together
quite a bit. I think they're afraid that the white man, in
his race for colonial conquest and exploration, may
have unleashed beasts similar to the ones they bound

es

a Se

in the Pure Lands. So they try to learn the secrets of
these ancient cultures in case they have to rebind
something that got loose. But without Middle Brother's
guidance, I'm afraid that they might start digging up
secrets just for the sake of learning them. All things
being equal, they are very good at what they do. But
they still give me the creeps.

Sargazert

And finally, the lost tribe of Wisdom. For untold
centuries, Chimera's children have struggled to an-
swer the riddle of Ma'at. The secret of how to restore
balance to the Triat and to the universe. And in the
process, they've discovered countless other useful bits
of information. We've always gotten along with them,
and we've shared an endless number of stories, camp-
fires and secrets. Unfortunately, their quest for answers
has led them away from the rest of us. The Stargazers
could survive the loss of their homelands. They've
never been overly concerned with material things. But
the chance to walk among the hengeyokai and learn of
their wisdom and of their understanding of the Triat?
That was too big of an opportunity for them to pass up.
And now, a great deal of their wisdom is unavailable to
us when we need it most.

And thisisthe lesson of the Stargazers. We can not
let our quest for the world's secrets distract us from our
duty to Gaia and to our fellow Garou. If the Black
Furies become too wrapped up in understanding the
mysteries of womankind and of the Wyld, if the Uktena
become to distracted by the lure of hidden lands and
hidden magics, and if we — for we, the Silent Striders,
are the other tribe of mystery — become too caught up
in learning the mysteries of death and of the open road,
then we risk walking away from our fellow tribes. And
if we walk away, we deprive them of the secrets and
wisdom our kind will need to face the Apocalypse.

The Fira

Then there are the other breeds of shapeshifter.
Some are allies, some aren't. I won't give youa laundry
list of each and every Breed that ever existed. Half of
them are dead, and the rest are so rare that any contact
we have with them is strictly a one-on-one deal. If you
meet one of the Fera, whatever happens is between you
and him. It doesn't become part of some grand tribal
policy. However, I will mention the few areas of
importance.

The Aba

I've already mentioned what the Ahadi is and how
it came about. What it means to us is this: If you come
across one of the Fera while you are in Africa, you treat
her with the same respect you'd want to be given. If

Silent Striders

rae areal if


they ask you for help dealing with some Wyrm beast,
you give it to them. If they ask you to get the fuck off
of their land, you turn around and leave. That's the
deal. And if you don't want to honor that deal, youcan
get the fuck out of Africa. The Mokolé, the Ajaba and
the Bastet are some of the only allies we have in that
part of the world. We need them. And remember, the
Ahadi only applies to Africa. If you stumble across a
group of Mokolé in the Amazon or Australia, run.

Cora

I won't speak much about them. Call it profes-
sional courtesy. They travel as much as we do, if not
more. They act as messengers, even for us. They're
about the only Fera we didn't try to kill in the War of
Rage. They love to collect secrets and they absolutely
hate vampires. What's not to love? Seriously, if you
ever meet one, play nice. It'll be a major boon in the
long run.

Ritkie

And then there's these fucking bastards. I don't
think I've been anywhere where I haven't seen some-
thing — some small sign or tiny clue — that these guys
have been there. Maybe it's all a big hoax by the Bone
Gnawers. I kind of hope so. The bad blood between Owl
and Rat means we scrap with the Bone Gnawers from
time to time. But it's never a big deal, what with us all
being Garou and all. If these guys are out there, I don't
think they'll be as friendly as the Bone Gnawers are.

ueryfbtng Clie Under the Son

Beyond our people and our closest cousins, there
are other things out there in the world. Some are
nothing more than curiosities. A tiny handful are
occasional allies. And some are our bitterest enemies.

The Unelead

Abominations. Corpses who steal the blood of the
living so that they can continue their existence — not
lives — of treachery and murder. They are creations of
the Wyrm deserving nothing but destruction.

The worst of the lot are the Cult of Sutekh. They
first appeared in ancient Egypt, and Gaia forgive us for

not wiping them out when they first reared their ugly
heads. The Cult is just that, a cult. They build blasphe-
mous temples, attract worshipers for their dark reli-
gion, and fight with all the ferocity of religious fanatics.
Their deceivers are honey-tongued vipers, eager to
seduce with lies. Never give them the chance to speak.
Anything they say is only calculated to weaken your
spirit and your resolve. Their wizard-priests practice
dark magics that draw on the power of Apep and the
Underworld. Their warriors are ruthless foes who know
secrets for turning their dead skin to armored hide and

OR ee


a NN

a AA

increasing their unholy strength. One on one, we can
triumph over most of them. But they gather in nests,
hiding in the shadows of their temples. If you ever find
one of the Cult of Sutekh's temples, you have only one
duty: report its existence to others. Find the nearest
sept and tell them what you've found. Then find any
other nearby septs and tell them as well. Gather as
many packs as you can, and tear their temple down
around their ears. Rip them limb from limb, burn them
out with fire and drive them into the sun. Then purify
the ruins and drive away whatever Banes they have
drawn to their rotted stench.

The Cult of Sutekh aren't the only Leeches, of
course. In Arabia, we found the ghul, creatures that
take the forms of beautiful women to feed on the blood
of travelers. India introduced us to the rakshasa, de-
mons that possess dead corpses and weave illusions.
And then there's the shapeshifting mulé who dwelled
among the Rroma. Other tribes have fought other
types of Leeches. The Get of Fenris have been battling
the monstrous and warlike draugr for countless centu-
ties, and the Shadow Lords have their endless vendet-
tas against the Slavic vampyrs. The Glass Walkers give
reports of creatures who sit at the head of corporate
empires, while the Black Furies talk of Wyrm-witches
who've turned themselves into undead sorcerers and
the Bone Gnawers tell watchfire stories of inhuman
things that dwell in city sewers. All of these creatures
are our enemies, and must be destroyed to the last.

The Uneying

During our first battles against the Cult of Sutekh,
a group of human wizards stumbled on the secrets of
immortality. And I mean real immortality, not this
"not dead but not alive" shit you sometimes see. Their
leader claimed to be Horus, the son of Osiris, and as
such declared an eternal bloodfeud against Sutekh and
his Cult for killing his dad. And so these immortals
have spent thousands of years waging war against the
undead. Obviously, we decided it was in our best
interest to make friends with these guys. Well, friends
is really too strong of a word. Acquaintances, really.
We know they exist and they're generally aware of
what we are. Because our immediate interests inter-
sect, we work together on occasion. Note the "on
occasion." Not "all the time." For one, there are not
many of them. And when something happens that
would kill them, it takes a while for them to come back
to life. So they aren't the most reliable of allies.

Wors

There are other things out there. Monkeys
who've figured out how to twist and break the names
Gaia and the Weaver gave to everything that exists.

66


siitnaeer anusia mevaabepanaren rseeramnahict Seat aene

So you want to kill vampires, kid? Well, listen up.
Here are five basic rules that may help save your ass.

1, The Only Good Leech Is a Dead Leech.

Yeah, yeah, they're already dead. But you get the
idea. They're aslap in the face of Gaia and of the very
laws of nature. Liars and murderers all. And what-
ever you do, don't fall for that lame "I have a tortured
soul and want to make amends" bullshit. Ifa vampire
wants to make amends, he can step into the sun and
make amends from the afterlife. Don't make any
deals with them, ever. They are smart and devious
and practice fucking people over as a hobby.

2. Fire Is Your Friend.

Vampires hate the purity of fire. If you get burned,
you'll heal on your own. If they get burned, they have
to use that blood they steal from the living to heal
themselves. And that's blood they aren't using to fuel
their Wyrm powers. Burn down their nests if you have
to. Make friends with fire-spirits. Learn the kind of
tricks that let you use fire as a weapon or, better yet,
make it so you don't have to worry about being
burned. Make fetishes and talons that cause things to
burn. And don't forget the biggest fire there is: the
sun. If you can attack vampires during the day, all the
better. The more sunlight you can bring into the
combat zone, the greater advantage you'll have.

3. Guns for Show, Klaives and Claws for a Pro

Guns don't do Jack Shit against vampires.
Sure, the Glass Walkers might know tricks for

Vamplre Hurting 104

making fetish guns that can fuck the bastards up,
but that's them, not us. Gaia gave you your teeth
and claws, and they are the best weapons in your
arsenal. Few Leeches can go toe to toe with us ina
fight. Strike fast and strike hard, and if you can, tear
their heads off. If you really feel the need for a
weapon, use something that cuts hard and deep.
Klaives and jambiya are good, if you can get them.
D'siah are even better.

4. Strength in Numbers

Depend on your pack. Our packs are the great-
est advantage we have. They'll watch your back.
And together, you can take down targets you'd
never be able to handle on your own. And play off
of their strengths. Members of other tribes might
have different but effective ways of attacking vam-
pires. Glass Walkers can tear down their support
structures. Uktena, Shadow Lords and Bone Gnaw-
ers can dig up all sorts of dirty tricks. Get of Fenris
can kick the door down and start ripping people's
heads off. Don't just stop with your pack, either. If
it's a big nest, invite friends. There's plenty of Glory
to go around.

5. Don't Be Stupid.

Don't ever get cocky, no matter how good your
record. And never, ever plan on the vampire being
stupid. That's the kind of thinking that can get you
killed. Never, ever underestimate your foe. If noth-
ing else, remember this one.

Humans who can speak to the dead. The Djinn,
spirits of smokeless fire. The spirits born from count-
less campfire tales who've taken up residence in
human bodies. As with the Fera, if you ever meet
one, what you do with him is your business. Me? I
prefer the company of my own kind.

Chapter Two: The Road Is Life

ee

Golag Forth by Day

The sun's coming up now. Time to go greet it. To
let it remind me that I'm still alive. That I still carry on
the struggle for Gaia even though someone] care about
has fallen. And that the journey is never over as long
as someone is still traveling.

7

mame

|


A man should ever be ready booted to take his journey.
— Michel Eyquem De Montaigne

Each tribe in the Garou Nation brings something
unique to the fight for Gaia. Here you'll get an idea of
what the Silent Striders can bring to the table: their
pacts with the spirit world; weapons and tools of
tradition and necessity; Gifts and rites collected from
the four corners of the globe; and hard-won experi-
ence. No two Striders ever share exactly the same
experiences, so no two will ever tell a story the same
way. So sit back, and figure out what story your Silent
Strider character would like to tell.

Euckgroundl

Backgrounds are an important way to set your
introspective Silent Strider apart from his tribemates.
When selecting Backgrounds, take care to include
some details to accompany your point expenditures
("My primary contact is Erica Jones, a flirtatious archi-
vist at the Library of Congress, who befriended me
during some otherwise boring research," rather than "I
know some people who help me out with stuff."). Or,
if you're in the mood for some dramatic revelations
down the road, ask your Storyteller to fill in some
specific details. Perhaps you'd like your character to
develop a relationship with a mentor down the road,

but you'd rather be surprised by which grizzled werewolf
steps forward to assume the responsibility. These kinds
of details make roleplaying fun — for you and for your
Storyteller.

Mba

Since the Striders are always on the move, their
fastest friends generally are as well. A frequent-flyer
entrepreneurial CEO, a long-haul trucker witha hazmat
clearance, a jet-setting playboy, or a sideshow circus
freak are all people a Strider might run into during her
wanderings — and they all have the mobility to just
maybe provide a helping hand, or at least a lift, in a
desperate situation. Sedentary types, even childhood
friends, usually turn up as Contacts.

Unlike many other tribes of Garou, the Silent
Striders can commonly call certain other supernatural
beings theirallies. Wraiths, the ghosts of the dead, may
attach themselves to the werewolf, deciding that they
enjoy the vibrant and action-filled life of the Garou.
(Note to Storytellers: Wraiths should count as Allies
only if they provide the character with more assistance
than aggravation.) More open-minded Striders are
also known to associate on occasion with human
magicians and sorcerers. Even fae creatures fond of

Chapter Three: First Steps 69

SS aN


Seer rouse rune enero are annem esumsnrenemerenva)

ae AA"

travel might ally themselves with a Silent Strider, if
only in defense of a boon travel companion. The curse
levied by Sutekh has all but guaranteed, however, that
a Strider will never count a Leech among his allies.

Ancesport

Silent Strider characters may not have the Ances-
tors Background. Sutekh's curse continues to separate
the tribe from their fallen heroes and harry them from
their homeland.

An optional Merit (The Gift of Wepauwet, p. 87)
is detailed later in this chapter. A Storyteller might
also wish to consider the possibility of a character
contacting her ancestors as part of a story. Sucha thing
would be incredibly difficult, and likely to involve
long-forgotten rituals, dangerous Umbral journeys and
conflict with perhaps hordes of Leeches and their
spawn. Some caution is warranted when introducing a
storyline of such epic proportions — if the pack your
players have put together is not all or mostly Silent
Striders, some players may feel left out.

Covfactt

A Strider's contacts, both major and minor, can be
almost anyone, anywhere. Major contacts are likely to
be involved in information gathering, be it library
science or archeology, or with travel and transport.
Minor contacts pop up around the globe in the oddest
places. Say, for example, a particular werewolf decided
to hop a bus through mountainous terrain in Eastern
Europe, rather than jogging through and attracting the
attention of the locals. On the long, torturous trip, she
becomes acquainted with the locals, and also with the
Dutch mountaineerand judochampion, andthe French
particle physicist who happen to be traveling through.
Not only can the Strider perhaps prevail on the locals
fora little info if she ever returns, but she also has some
people she can look up in Amsterdam or Nice if she
needs information on their area, on mountaineering,
or (gulp) particle physics. (A Storyteller is certainly
justified, however, in raising the difficulty on the roll
to find a minor contact if he feels it is warranted: say,
trying to scare up a contact in a Bantu village on your
first trip to Africa.)

Every Strider with a few thousand miles under her
belt also knows that hitting up contacts isn't a one-way
street — or it certainly won't be for long. Just as no
Garou would dream ofasking a spirit forservices without
offering chiminage, no experienced Strider walks up to
a contact empty-handed — even if she only has a
bouquet of posies filched from someone's garden. Strid-
ers don't have much money and travel light, but they
know that a worthless knick-knack in Algiers can be
transformed into a classy and thoughtful gift in Akron.

7

a

Fitth

As just mentioned, Silent Striders travel light. For
fetishes, then, they prefer the portable and practical to
the grandiose and showy. As a general rule, if it can't
be shoved into a pocket or stuffed into a rucksack, it
stays at a Strider caern except in direst need. The
d'siah, a smaller, curved blade known to be potent
against spirits, is the tribe's traditional melee weapon
— in part simply because it is more easily carried than
amassive klaive (the other part being that it is incred-
ibly effective against the tribe's oldest foes, the ser-
pent-like vampires of Egypt). The bows and arrows
favored by other Garou tribes are right out as well;
spirits are enticed instead into slings or even guns.
Some typical Silent Strider fetishes are detailed later
in this chapter.

Of course, the Striders quite often carry fetishes
crafted by other tribes, whether received in payment
for services or gleaned from the wreckage of a caern
that got a warning too late or not at all. Young Striders
quickly learn to keep such items out of sight lest their
ownership be challenged, or simply resign themselves
to handing such items back to the appropriate tribe.

Ktafohe

The great majority of Silent Strider Kinfolk can be
found in northern Africa and the Middle East. The
people found in those regions come from a broad array
of ethnic groups — invaders and settlers came from
north, south, east and west throughout history. To
further add to the diversity, the Striders have always
felt a bond with the dispossessed, and have sought to
bring them into their circle of Kin: most notably the
gypsy Rroma, but also families of tinkers and peddlers,
Jews, Central Asian nomads, displaced aboriginal tribes
and others. This quiet spread around the world has
made it possible for the tribe to keep a respectable
number of lupus members in the line. While there are
few Kinfolk wolves in any one place, it keeps the breed
safe from localized catastrophes (human or natural).

In short, Strider blood can turn up in the oddest
places. The restless tendencies of the tribe trickle
down to their Kinfolk, fortunately or unfortunately, so
the Striders cannot often turn to their Kin for political
or monetary help. Family understands like no one else
can, though, and sometimes that's all a lonely werewolf
needs.

Nenfor

Dedicated mentors are sometimes in short supply,
foranumber of reasons. Even Strider elders havea hard
time settling down. Where the Garou of other tribes
prefer to warm their aching joints beside a bawn
bonfire, a Strider would probably rather hobble along

Silent Striders

eminem


adusty road until his old bones loosen up. And while
any road-dusted Strider is proud of her store of knowl-
edge and would be pleased to share her secrets with a
young tribemate, she probably also feels that experi-
ence is the best teacher. This should not discourage a
cub from trying to glean all the survival tips he can
from his elders — he just shouldn't expect even those
fondest of him to be around very often. Rather than
having a mentor in residence at his caern, that cub
might have two or three wandering mentors who drop
in twice a year to check up on him and show hima few
new tricks.

Young Silent Striders also mentor with elders of
other tribes a bit more often than traditionally is
common among the Garou. These elders may be
willing to undertake the responsibility as a favor to a
Strider of their acquaintance, or perhaps in anticipa-
tion of having a top-notch go-between at their beck
and call.

Pape Breed,

Pure Breed is relatively rare among the Silent
Striders, since they have for so many years been scat-
tered to the winds and denied their homeland. Pure
breeding is especially treasured by those who seek to
free or find the Strider ancestors — they worry how the
ancestors will recognize their children after so many
years if the bloodline is not preserved. Others, like the
Dispossessed, worry more about finding a homeland
elsewhere or look ahead to the Apocalypse, and care
little if at all about such matters.

The appearance of purebred Silent Striders is
discussed in more detail later in the chapter.

Resources

Silent Striders may not take the Resources Back-
ground. They have been on the move since they were
forced out of Egypt thousands of years ago, never
stopping long enough to put down roots. Without
those roots, the tribe (and to a lesser extent, much of
its Kinfolk) can't hold on to assets. Even something
like a car or motorcycle, which might seem vital to
rapid transport in the modern world, will have to be
left behind at some point, and it's not always going to
be there when the Strider gets back to where she left it.
Travel light, and learn how to hot-wire a car.

Rife

A well-rounded Silent Strider knows a good num-
ber of rites, and even prospective Strider cubs are
taught a few common rites before the Rite of Passage.
After all, if the tribe expects them to do fairly well
fending for themselves, it's best to give them the tools
todo so.

eS Se

Chapter Three: First Steps

Striders are also generally willing to teach rites to
members of other tribes — but only rites that they
consider to be the common property of the Garou, not
rites that were given to the Silent Striders alone (like
Descent into the Dark Umbra). While another tribe's
Galliard in a small rural sept might balk at teaching
others the Gathering for the Departed so that she can
keep the job of mourning heroes all to herself, the
traveling Strider will certainly have a broader
worldview. He certainly might also have some strong
ideas on how difficult it is to share such small but vital
information once you're dead.

Tope

The totems of the Garou share the other tribes'
ambivalence about the Silent Striders: Because they
have no land to call home and often take a seemingly
subservient role in Garou society, totems of respect
treat the Striders coolly. Because they often choose to
run rather than stand and fight, totems of war hold
them in suspicion. Packs of young Striders may find
they are best treated by totems of cunning, while
Striders who have been around the block a few times
often find the reception they deserve from totems of
wisdom. These are broad generalizations, of course. In
particular, the totems detailed later in this chapter
have a history with the tribe and strike alliances with
the Striders readily.

Because Striders tend to spend so much time
outside the traditional pack structure, it is not uncom-
mon for them to strike bargains with individual spirits,
taking a familiar spirit on as sort of a personal totem. A
werewolf with a powerful and headstrong spirit ally
might find it even more difficult than usual to meld
himself into a pack's structure — deals of this nature
are best entered into with some foresight.

Camps and Backgroundt

Seekers

The Seekers know more mystic rites than any
other camp of Silent Striders (with the potential
exception of the Eaters of the Dead, a possibility simply
not discussed among the tribe). They are also quite
likely to have a sack full of fetishes and talens found in
dark corners and out-of-the-way places. They often
serve as mentors to young Striders, and many keep in
touch with their own mentors from their youth.

Harbingers

Harbingers know the value of allies and cultivate
them whenever and wherever they can. Kinfolk are
valued by this camp as well — not only are some
spurred to join the Harbingers to protect caerns and
the Kin who so often live nearby, but a network of
Kinfolk is essential to provide support during a

71

mere


Harbinger's extensive and often erratic travels. Indi-
viduals with Pure Breed are welcomed to the camp
with open arms, since the Garou of other tribes cannot
help but pay closer attention to the warnings they bear.

Dispossessed

Members of the Dispossessed camp work to main-
tain allies and contacts within other Garou tribes or
local political structures— anyone that can help them
get a foot in the door. They are also drawn to packs
with strong totem bonds; such bonds provide a sense of
belonging that many of the Dispossessed crave.

Wayfarers

A Wayfarer can keep a Rolodex full of contacts in
his head — it's how he makesa living. Like all Striders
they don't have much in the way of money, but youcan
spot a Wayfarer who's good at his job by the number of
fetishes he carries, all payment for services rendered.
They carry a wealth of information in their heads, too,
much of it in the form of rites — which they'd be happy
to teach you, for a price.

Swords of Night

The Swords of Night are possibly even more prac-
tical than the Wayfarers — it's just that all that
practicality is aimed at one goal: killing vampires.
Fetishes, especially d'siah, are treasured. Warlike to-
tems are preferred, for both aid in battle and the
company of kindred spirits. Lastly, Kinfolk have been
vital to this group, supporting the camp through cen-
turies of secret struggle and often fighting by the side
of the Garou.

Z
Natihag Conventions and
Appeaapat

Egyptologists have disagreed since the earliest
days of the discipline about Anubis, the guardian of the
dead — specifically, is his form meant to be that of a
jackal, or simply a large dog with perked-up ears? The
argument would come to a dead stop ifa Silent Strider
in her war form dropped in ona conference of academ-
ics: without a doubt, the early humankind's depiction
of the god Anubis was modeled on the Striders. Unfor-
tunately for academe (or perhaps quite fortunately),
this is terribly unlikely to happen. In fact, Striders
often find they must avoid those who share their
interest in Egypt's history. The more perceptive schol-
ars might puzzle out their footloose friend's secret, and
any glimpse of that distinctive "jackal-headed" form
would be unforgettable; neither the Striders nor the
Garou of other tribes are willing to risk such a wide
breach of the Veil. In theory, the Striders keep their

72 Silent Striders

relationships with Egyptologists cordial and brief. In
practice, who can keep track of them?

The resemblance to Anubis (more properly vice
versa) is most pronounced in those with high levels of
Pure Breed. In Lupus they are long and lean, with thick
cords of musculature showing clearly beneath a short,
sleek coat of ink black fur. Some sport a coarser mane
of fur down the back of the neck, but they lack the
protective ruff of fur covering the neck that makes
surrendering by showing the throat a less nerve-wrack-
ing proposition for other Garou. Some Striders take
advantage of the Egyptian style of pectoral jewelry to
wear heavy collars to cover that vulnerable area.

In individuals who are neither particularly strong
nor hale, the bones of the ribcage may be clearly
visible. In Hispo, shoulders and haunches broaden —
this is a form meant for fighting, not running over any
distance. The neck and jaw also widen to accommo-
date the massive teeth and muscles that enable this
form's deadly bite. In Crinos, the Striders often tower
over members of other tribes, but while their shoulders
are straight and broad, the rest of the body remains
lithe (or just plain thin), built more for grace than
power. Glabroand Homid forms are very clearly Semitic
or Nubian, and the body type keeps the lean and
slender tendencies of the Lupus form.

With more distance from the pure blood, Homid
form might appear as practically any ethnic group,
though admittedly the majority of Striders descend
from Middle Eastern or African Kin. A blond-haired,
blue-eyed Strider will take some gufffrom her tribemates
— some of it in fun, some not. The Strider's coat in
furred forms grows coarser and longer the less Pure
Breed she has; a Strider with no Pure Breed at all might
look like an ordinary wolf with a black or even simply
dark gray coat.

Practically every Silent Strider sports an Egyptian
name. The name, known as a Remembrance Name, is
taken after the Rite of Passage to pay homage to lost
ancestors and to retain a link with their homeland,
four thousand years after the tribe was forced from the
banks of the Nile. Today, the only Striders that pur-
posefully shun the Egyptian naming tradition belong
to the Dispossessed camp, who send a very clear
message to their tribemates by doing so.

Silent Striders adopt deed names as well—or have
a name thrust upon them by general acclaim. While
some Striders are known by both names, others may
prefer to use one on a daily basis and reserve the other
for ceremonial use. Any combination of these prac-
tices is acceptable.


Saget tapaty mevinneeracenes resebanni nescon er ee

Tha Phactlaal Side

Garou are creatures of tradition. As some
Silent Striders began to put their past behind
them, choosing to embrace the naming traditions
of new groups of Kinfolk or simply use the deed
names that werewolves have been fond of since
the beginning of time, they noticed something
odd about how they were treated by their fellows.
Scouting missions, long-distance Umbral quests,
even the simplest message duties went most often
to Silent Striders who maintained Egyptian ways
(or a convincing facsimile thereof). The upstart
Striders were seen as flighty, untrustworthy — or
they were simply not what others expected. Even
the Warders of Men, as the Glass Walkers were
once called, innovators and revolutionariesamong
werewolves, preferred to conduct business with
Striders who sported pharaoh's beards and linen
kilts. Many of these newer Striders came from
Rroma families; history repeated itself as gypsies
once again took up the pretense of Egyptian heri-
tage to smooth their way.

Remembrance names are chosen with care. Some
namesare simply never taken (see Chapter Two, p. 41,
for a full accounting of those). As a more prosaic
concern, some venerable Egyptian names like
Smenkhkare and Horemheb don't roll off the tongue.
The deed name can change as the Garou surpasses his
own exploits, but once a Strider picks an Egyptian
name, he's pretty much stuck with it for life. It's his
professional name among the Garou, and the name the
spirits know for him; should Smenkhkare decide that
he'd rather be a little less exotic, he'll undoubtedly lose
Renown if he makes a change.

tifft

The Silent Striders have over many years sought
out spirit teachers to learn Gifts that help them not
only survive on the margins of Garou society, but also
succeed admirably in their chosen roles, whether as
messengers, hunters of lost lore, stealthy warriors, or
heralds of doom. Garou of other tribes can learn the
Strider's tribal Gifts, but camp Gifts are held as close
secrets by their members.


Seer rere erase core aren are er em es msrerensenarensed

Tolbal Ciffs

* Heavens' Guidance (Level One) — A
Strider with this Gift is never lost while the stars
shine in the sky. This Gift is taught by a spirit
servant of the North Star.

System: Once learned, this Gift's effects are
always active from twilight to dawn. The werewolf
gains an innate sense of direction; he always knows
which way is north, and the path he took to reach
where he is.

MET: The effects are automatic from sunset to
sunrise.

¢ Tireless Running (Level One) — Young
Silent Striders quickly learn the need for extraordi-
nary speed and stamina — often the messages that
even untested youths are asked to carry cannot wait
for the message bearer to sleep or eat. A Garou with
this Gift can run from moonrise to moonrise sub-
sisting on nothing more than her spiritual energy,
crossing almost four hundred miles, but as soon as
she breaks her run she must eat and rest. This Gift
is taught by a wolf-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point.
The character (who must be in Lupus form) may
long run for twenty-four hours without the player
making a Stamina roll. After twenty-four hours,
and each twenty-four hour period thereafter, the
player must spend one point of Gnosis and one
point of Willpower to allow the character to con-
tinue running; otherwise, she must stop. Whenever
the character stops running, for whatever reason,
she suffers -2 dice to all pools until she has a chance
to eat and rest, unless she has run a number of hours
that is less than her Stamina.

MET: Expend one Gnosis trait, and the char-
acter may run for 24 hours without any static
Physical tests to do so. Further running requires an
additional Gnosis and Willpower trait for every 24
hours. When the character does stop running he
gains two Negative Physical Traits, Exhausted.

© Tread Sebek's Back (Level Two) — When
activating this Gift, the Garou calls upon the spirit of
Sebek the crocodile to bear her up as she runs across
the water. The werewolf can also run across other
liquids (a vat of industrial cleaner, sewage, or even
lava), but this Gift provides no protection for her feet
— any damage is greatly lessened as the harmful
substance only comes into contact with a small part of
her body, but she must soak it nonetheless. Particu-
larly fast and spiritually attuned Silent Striders claim
to have run across seas using this Gift. It is taught by
acrocodile-spirit, or that of a crocodile bird.

74


es NL EY

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Dexterity + Survival (difficulty 7). Each success
allows the character to travel across water as if it were
open ground for an hour. In areas inhabited by croco-
diles, the difficulty to invoke this Gift drops to 5.

MET: Spend a Gnosis trait and make a static
Physical test (Survival allows a retest). Success allows
the character to travel across water as if it were dry land
for one scene. It is recommended that the player find
analternate means of transit to simulate his character's
movement over water.

© Scale of Ma'at (Level Three) — The Halls of
Ma'at are where the dead go to be judged; the liars,
cheaters and murders are denied eternal life. The
Silent Striders can invoke the judgment of Ma'at on
the living, seeing through lies to find the ugly truth
beneath. This Gift is taught by an ibis-spirit, the
symbol of Thoth.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Empathy
(difficulty of the subject's Manipulation + Subter-
fuge). Success indicates that the character knows
which of the subject's statements are true, and which
are false. If the character chooses to delve more deeply
into any statement, true or false, the player must first
succeed at a Perception + Empathy roll against the
same difficulty. Success unveils the complete truth to
the Garou; a botch ends this use of the Gift, and closes
this topic to the Strider forever — at least when
questioning this individual.

MET: Make a Social test against the target (Em-
pathy allows a retest by the Garou using this Gift and
Subterfuge allows a retest by the target). Success indi-
cates that the character knows which of the target's
statentents are true and which are false. Attempting to
question the target (rather than just listening to him)
requires a second Social test.

* Dam the Heartflood (Level Four) — No other
tribe among the Garou has as much hatred for vam-
pires, for as just a cause, as the Silent Striders. It is no
surprise then that the Striders sought out this Gift,
searching long through the spirit world and the physi-
cal world for the secret to incapacitating a vampire.
They found an answer from the spirit children of
Cobra, who taught them a spirit-poison usable against
the vampires who defiled Cobra's name.

System: This Gift can only be used on supernatural
creatures that use a blood pool to power their abilities -
(vampires, ghoulsand the spidershapechanger Ananasi).
The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Manipula-
tion + Medicine (difficulty of the target's Willpower).
Each success renders the target unable to tap the power
of her blood for one turn — she may not use any blood-
telated powers or spend blood points to heal wounds,

activate Disciplines or Gifts, or for any other reason. A
Garou may only use this Gift once per scene per target,
but multiple werewolves can envenom the same target.

MET: This Gift can only be used on characters
with Blood Traits. Expend one Gnosis Trait and make
a Mental Challenge. If the Garou wins, the target
cannot use any Blood Traits for one turn per Mental
Trait that the Garou expended during the challenge.
This Gift can only be used by the Garou once per scene
per target, although multiple Garou could use it on the
same target.

Comp Gift

Silent Striders may learn these Gifts if they hear
about them from a camp member or deduce their
existence from observation, but the spirits that teach
these Gifts will not share them with Garou of other
tribes.

Harbingers

* Grim Resolve (Level One) — As the Ahroun
Gift: Inspiration. The Harbingers learn to strengthen
the willpower of their allies not through inspired
leadership, but by a contagious determination to spit
in Death's face.

* Ghost Touched (Level Three) — Once a
Garou steps into the Dark Umbra, he carries an aura of
death and decay with him always. The aura is difficult
to see, but it is there nonetheless — the perceptive
might smell a faint must in his fur, or catch strange
reflections in the pupils of his eyes. This Gift harnesses
that deathly aura, weaving it into a protective shield
against the attacks or special abilities of ghosts. This
Gift is taught by the denizens of the Dark Umbra, and
is not easily come by.

System: Once learned, this Gift is always in effect;
no roll need be made. The difficulties of all rolls made
by ghosts (wraiths or spectres, if you're also using
Wraith: The Oblivion) to affect the character are
made at +2 difficulty (maximum 10). This includes
effects that would be beneficial. Using the energies of
the Dark Umbra in this way reinforces the impression
of death that others may feel, which will increase the
difficulty on Social rolls when the Storyteller feels it to
be appropriate.

MET: After the character learns this Gift, the
character wins all ties against ghosts who attempt to
use their magical abilities on him. However, a ghost
that wishes to use a beneficial ability on him must
succeed at a static Mental test.

Jeckort

¢ Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — As the
Ragabash Gift.

Chapter Three: First Steps 75

a

meray

|

ae AA

PL)

© Graceful Strike (Level Two) — This Gift was
used in bygone days to assassinate corrupt officials or
merchants who were the tools of vampires. Beautiful
young Garou would dance for them, then strike when
the target least suspected. The secrets of the dancer's
knife had been kept alive by members of the Dispos-
sessed camp, who found it useful to play on their gypsy
heritage. In these desperate times, it's a common tool
of the camp's Galliards when a fight gets messy. This
Gift is taught by a cobra-spirit.

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis
before making an attack roll as usual (Dexterity +
Melee, difficulty dictated by the weapon), though the
character's attack is unusually fluid and dance-like. If
the attack is successful, the player adds the character's
Performance skill rating in dice to the damage roll.

MET: The character must have the Performance
ability. Expend one Gnosis trait and declare Graceful
Strike to be active. The character's next attack, if
successful, does an additional health level of damage.

© Mindblock (Level Four) — As the Silver Fang
Gift. The Swords of Night are well aware that the most
dangerous aspect of the vampire is its ability to influ-

ence one's mind, and have made many sacrifices to be
taught this Gift.

Wayfarers

* Call to Duty (Level Two) — As the Philodox
Gift. Wayfarers are quite prone to negotiating terms
with spirits, as well as asking for the names of particular
spirits as payment for their services.

Ezors of the Deaf

* Touch of Death (Level Four) — The Garou
can inflict visions of death upon an unsuspecting
opponent. Worse, these visions are highly personal
premonitions of the opponent's untimely demise, as if
someone "had walked over his grave." The fear this
creates is paralyzing; in the worst cases, the victim falls
catatonic and cannot be revived for days. On recovery,
the stricken individual cannot remember details of
what so terrified him, simply that involved his death.
Victims who survive the encounter with the Eater of
the Dead are forever marked witha white lock or patch
of hair. This Gift is taught by a death-spirit.

System: The Garou must touch her victim; the
player rolls Dexterity + Brawl if in combat, Dexterity
+ Stealth if sneaking up unnoticed, or Manipulation +
Subterfuge if casually touching him in the course of
conversation. On success, the player spends two points

76 Silent Striders

OA RI RD LAT if

of Gnosis and rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty
of the victim's Willpower). If the Eater of the Dead
achieves more successes than the target has Will-
power, the victim becomes catatonic with fear. If the
successes are fewer than the target's Willpower, the
target suffers a -1 penalty to all dice pools for each
success due to the debilitating fear. In both cases, the
successes are eliminated at a rate of one per day —a
catatonic victim does not awaken until all of the initial
successes are eliminated.

MET: The character must touch her victim by
succeeding in a Physical test as though making a
normal attack (in a noncombat situation, simply de-
clare "I touch you," remembering the no touching rule,
or make a Social test if the target is wary). If the Garou
successfully touches her target, she should spend two
Gnosis Traits and make a Social test against the target.
If the Garou succeeds, the target becomes catatonic
with fear for one day. On a tie, the target loses all ties
on all tests until the next moonrise.

Sitter Fax

© Curse of Hatred (Level Two) — As the metis
Gift.

Fetish Doll (Level Five) — As the Uktena Gift.

fearotng Cif
Tainaglt by Ancestor-JSpiri

The Silent Striders are caught in a dilemma
when it comes to Gifts that members of other
tribes learn from the spirits of their ancestors.
They have several options: The first is simple —
do without. For those who find that unacceptable,
the second method is to learn the Gift from an-
other Garou, at a greater cost in time and effort
(and the cost of an additional experience point to
boot). Third, the character might importune the
ancestor-spirit of another tribe to teach him; this
effort would be strengthened by the assistance of a
Theurge from the chosen tribe, but the would-be
student can expect the spirit to require an extrava-
gant chiminage gift, if it will agree at all. And
lastly, the Strider could plead with Owl, who flies
into the Dark Umbra in search of lost knowledge,
to seek out and bring back the Gift for him. As in
the previous case, Owl would expect a great ser-
vice or gift in return for the dangerous mission, but
the totem might agree more readily if she feels it is
in the best interest of the tribe.


Rat
Rie of Aor
Rite of the Mbdaff

Level One

This rite is taught as a rite of accord because it is
enacted to protect a newborn from harm or taint by
hurrying or delaying its birth. The unsullied focus neces-
sary for this rite isan owl's feather, as Owlintercedeson the
mother's behalf. The mother must ordinarily be a Silent
Strider or one of their Kinfolk, though Owl may be
convinced with proper chiminage to intercede on the
behalf of Garouor Kinfolk of other tribes, orevenanormal
human woman. The rite may be performed forseveral days
ina row to achieve the necessary result — in fact, it may
be necessary to do so. This rite is often considered the
province of female Striders, though most are willing to
teach it to any male Strider who wishes to learn.

System: The "midwife" and the mother must first
decide whether they will try to hurry the delivery of the
child or delay it. Then the ritemaster's player must
spend one point of Gnosis and roll Charisma + Rituals
(target 7). Simple success delays or hastens the birth by
one day. If the rite is begun at the onset of labor, it ceases
immediately and will not begin again for a full day —in
all other cases it is difficult to be sure if the rite was
effective at all. It may require several days of ritual to
bringa child into the world early; usually it is considered
preferable to delay the birth unless a healer is sure the
childis viable, or the mother isheaded into great danger.

MET: As described above. The ritemaster must
spend one Gnosis Trait and make a static Social test
(difficulty 7 Traits). Success delays or hastens the birth
by one day (the ritemaster's choice to delay or hasten).

Carn Rhea

Gathering of Wardarert

Level Two

Even though the Silent Striders hold caerns in the
far-flung places of the world, the tribe must occasion-
ally meet in the bare wilderness, far from any well-
spring of Gaia's power. The Garou present take their
places in the circle as they would around the heart of
acaern. As their howls reverberate, a silent call races
through the Umbra, summoning an Engling into the
circle to sanctify the proceedings. The Striders say that
the location of one vagabond moot, where great deeds
were done and great stories told, was later successfully
opened as a caern by another tribe.

System: The player whose character leads the rite
must roll Wits + Enigmas (target 7). If successful, the
Engling arrives at the center of the circle within the

Chapter Three: First Steps

Su ete

INN es

hour. The leader of the rite must give the Engling a
point of Gnosis; also, each Garou who wishes to bring
a matter before the moot must also donate a point of
Gnosis. When the moot is over, the Engling returns to
the Umbra without having been hunted..

MET: The leader of the rite must make a static
Mental test (difficulty of 7 Traits). If he succeeds, the
Engling arrives at the center of the circle within the
hour, at which point the leader of the rite must
sacrifice one Gnosis Trait to the Engling, as must each
Garou who wishes to bring a matter before the moot.

Rat of Death
Reb of Purfbeabion

Level Two

This is a burial ritual to honor the dead that is only
performed by Silent Striders for their fallen tribemates,
only in the company of other Striders. If there are
members of other tribes who wish tomourn, a Gathering
for the Departed will be held at another time and place.

System: The body of the deceased must first be
washed (the Rite of Cleansing may be necessary if the
werewolf died fighting minions of the Wyrm). After
the body is laid out, the Master of the Rite invokes
Scarab, who sends beetle-spirits from her brood to strip
the hair, skin and flesh from the body (the player rolls
Charisma + Rituals, target of 8 minus the Rank of the
honored Strider). When only bones remain, the spirits
depart, and the bones are placed in a small grave,
preferably at a caern. Other times the bonesare laid to
rest insome place significant to the departed, or simply
by the roadside. This is no dishonor among the Striders
— itis the reality ofa wanderer's life. Better to bury the
bones when there is time, than die carrying them and
so leave two unburied.

MET: As described above. The ritemaster should
make a static Social test (difficulty of 8 Traits less the
subject's Rank).

Rta for tha Witch,

Level Four

This rite is not concerned with tracing a Garou's
heritage — that is a matter for Galliard songs. Rather,
this rite deals with the more practical matter of which
of those ancestors take sufficient interest in the doings
of their descendant to watch over her and lend her aid
in times of need (in other words, what spirits the
werewolf can channel using her Ancestors Back-
ground). It may be considered strange that a tribe cut
off from its ancestors would know this rite, but they
were not always thus deprived. They have preserved
the rite through the many years of their homeless
travels, often bartering the knowledge provided by the

7

mame

 —_——aammmeaeee

Src cere rae core re ie ar ar ma re meme)

a AA

rite for passage on moon bridges or access to caerns. An
unexpected benefit of maintaining the rite has become
clear: it can be used to discover which Strider cubs
have the ability to call on the lost ancestor-spirits, or
who have the potential to do so in the future.

System: The ritemaster pulls on the nebulous
energy of the Dark Umbra to reveal the faint traces left
on the Garou's spirit by her ancestors. The player rolls
Charisma + Rituals (target 8). For each success, he
learns the deed name of an interested ancestor-spirit
and its relationship with the Garou.

MET: Make a static Social test (difficulty of 8
Traits). If the character succeeds, he learns the deed
name of an interested ancestor spirit and its relation-
ship with the Garou.

Ntythhe fet
Ripe of the Spoken Page

Level Two

The Garou seldom write things down, and the
Silent Striders commit words to paper even less fre-
quently. Humans write all the time, however — and so
do some other supernatural beings. This rite summons
an ibis-spirit and sets it to reading the designated manu-
script (orsarcophagus, or hand-written notebook) aloud.
It has practical uses beyond simple hands-free reading:
it has been used to "read" many books at once, listening
for a key word or phrase; to learn to read a language the
Garou can only speak; or to simply decipher criminally
bad handwriting. Curiously, if the writing is less than
one month old, enough of the author remains with the
message that the ibis-spirit reads it in the author's voice.

System: The player makes a Wits + Rituals roll
(target 7). If successful, the ibis-spirit arrives and begins
reading, and will continue for one hour per success or
until dismissed. The spirit reads aloud in the language
written — it does not translate the material. If the
message is less than one month old, the hearers may
attempt to identify the voice of the author (which may
require an Intelligence roll), or even make guesses as to
the meaning behind the author's words as if she were
there in person (requiringa Perception + Empathy roll).

MET: Make a static Mental test (difficulty 7
traits). If successful, the ibis-spirit arrives and begins
reading, and will continue until the next moonrise or
until dismissed. A static Mental test may allow the
hearers to identify the voice of the author or guess as to
the author's secret meanings, as described above.

Discent lope the Underworld

Level Three

Most Garou think of the Umbra, the Gaian
spirit world, as the only spirit realm that sits close to

the physical world. Most Garou are wrong. The
Underworld — the Land of the Dead, the Dark
Umbra — sits astride the physical realm just as the
Umbra does. Within it lie the ghosts of thousands of
humans who died unable to let go of some aspect of
their mortal lives.

These days, the Underworld is a tremendously
dangerous place. A few years ago a cataclysm set off a
series of hellish storms that still threaten to rip the
lands of the dead apart. The ghosts are more desperate
these days, and the storms that rage outside the cities
of the dead can harm even the doughtiest Silent
Strider warrior.

Owl accompanies the Garou into the Under-
world, but few other traditional totems do the same.

System: This rite takes five minutes to perform.
The character must sacrifice a living mammal and
touch every character to be affected by the rite with
at least a fingerprint of its blood. He then draws
sigils in the ground nearby with the remaining
blood. The player should roll Intelligence + Occult
(difficulty 7). Success on this roll takes the ritemaster
to the Underworld. Each additional success takes
one of the other characters marked (in the event
that the character does not achieve as many suc-
cesses as the rite has subjects, those with he highest
Gnosis go through first).

The Underworld is a dark and storm-tossed realm
whose inhabitants feed on the strong emotions of the
living. Storytellers who wish to go with further detail
are advised to check out Wraith: the Oblivion and its
final supplement Ends of Empire.

MET: The rite functions as described; the charac-
ter must succeed in a static Mental Test (difficulty of
7 Traits), and may bring his pack along with him.

Pamkthrwent Riet
Rte of the Tacksaw

Silent Striders fortunate enough to parent chil-
dren sometimes jokingly refer to this rite as the Rite of
the Toddler. The Rite of the Jackdaw is used to punish
those Garou who have broken a promise of secrecy. It
causes the subject to uncontrollably tell everyone he
meets about the most private and trivial matters of his
life. This ritual will not cause the subject to reveal
other secrets he's been sworn to keep, but it will almost
certainly cause him to reveal personal information
that embarrasses only him.

This rite can be rather humiliating, and many
Garou who are subject to it find themselves overcome
by Rage at their embarrassment. It is considered the
height of dishonor to take retribution against a Garou
who has used this ritual in a just fashion. Subjects who

78 Silent Striders

a ——

ry,


Soe er

wish to avoid the rite's effects simply abandon all
contact with others for a few days, which is considered
to be an acceptable response.

System: This rite takes ten minutes to perform.
The ritemaster symbolically carves a number of
open-mouth sigils into bits of wood and distributes
them ritualistically around the subject of the rite
(who must remain more or less still during the rite,
though he doesn't necessarily have to be willing).
The ritemaster rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge
(difficulty 7). For each success, the target suffers for
one day from the effects described above. The target
can expend Willpower to avoid stating some par-
ticularly odious personal secret, but Willpower so
expended does not return until the rite's duration
has expired.

MET: The ritemaster makes a static Social test
(difficulty of 7 Traits). The rite lasts for one day and
otherwise functions as described above.

Nor Rhfat
Ripe of Nocting and Farting

Two Striders meeting on the road is a rare occur-
rence, but often a pleasant one. Even if one or both are
traveling on missions of desperate importance or even
certain doom, at least for a short time neither has to
travel alone. Each traveler greets the other with a
traditional salutation in his or her native tongue. If
time permits, they share food and water, and exchange
news of their travels. On parting, they exchange bless-
ings in the Garou tongue; the most common is "Gaia
soft beneath your feet, Luna's lighton your path." Even
inemergencies, two Striders who recognize each other
will howl out as much of the greeting and farewell as
they can as they pass each other at a full sprint.

This rite is not usually performed on arrival at a
caern, but Silent Strider caerns often have their own
tituals to welcome travelers.

Camp Riper
Jeokert
Rita of Life Myth)

Level Five

The Seekers have rediscovered one of the great-
est secrets of ancient Egypt — the ritual that brings
life back to the dead. Because of Sutekh's curse on the
tribe, a Seeker wishing to bring one of his tribemates
back from the dead must act quickly (the rite must
begin before the body cools, as a guideline), before
the spirit is irretrievably lost. This ritual has not yet
been performed on a Garou from another tribe since
its rediscovery, but Seekers theorize that any com-

Chapter Three: First Steps

SN a ater ed

plete body will do. This ritual is not without cost to
its dead subject: Nothing that has died may dwell in
the land of the living. The re-vivified werewolf must
enter the Umbra (or the Dark Umbra), never to
return to the physical world. Eventually, the Garou
will disconnect and become a spirit-like creature.
The Seekers argue amongst themselves about the
ritual's possible effects on normal humans, and even
on vampires, but for now they are proceeding with
further research, and extreme caution.

System: Ina lengthy ritual abundant with Egyp-
tian symbology and ceremonial tools, the ritemaster
and his assistants repair, clean the body inside and
out and embalm it. The player rolls Intelligence +
Rituals against a difficulty of 10 for Silent Striders
(reflecting the hurry with which the ritual must be
performed), or 8 for Garou; other beings may be
harder or easier to call back from the dead. Success
indicates that the spirit returns to the body, and that
the revived Garou must immediately step sideways
into the Umbra. If the revived Garou enters the
physical world again, he immediately loses three
health levels per turn until he returns to the Umbra
or dies; this damage is aggravated. Failure indicates
either a mistake by the ritemaster, or that the spirit
simply refuses to return. The results of a botch are left
entirely to the Storyteller, who should feel free wreak
all kinds of havoc on those who mess with the powers
of life and death.

MET: The character must succeed at a static
Mental test (difficulty of 10 traits for Silent Striders or
8 for any other Garou). Success indicates that the spirit
returns to the body; the revived Garou must immedi-
ately step sideways into the Umbra.
aters of the Daag
Ribs of Dormant Wiedom Wyshe)

Level Four

This rite is forbidden. Its very existence is denied
outside the tribe, for the Silent Striders believe that
the other Garou would turn on all of them if it were
discovered that even one camp among them practice
this ritual. In truth, most Striders do not know that it
exists, or believe that it is only a myth. The Rite of
Dormant Wisdom is only taught to trusted and expe-
rienced members of the Eaters of the Dead camp.

The ritemaster and his fellow cultists use the Rite of
Dormant Wisdom to gain the secrets and memories of
the dead by ritually devouring the dead person's brain.
The ritual will function properly so long as the brain is
intact, regardless of the length of time since the subject's
death. Each participant is likely to get a different kind of
memory ftom the subject — for instance, one might get

a ee |


Sere rv wane rene enarensie arr anne ner ares umcrwrenemverensh

the subject's memories of love, another his memories of
voices and sound, and a third the subject's darkest
secrets. The Storyteller can vary this thematically based
on the participants and the nature of the rite's subject.

The Wyrm has its tentacles all over this rite;
cannibalism of any sort is expressly forbidden by the
Litany. Each use of the ritual brings the charactera step
closer to the service of Foebok, Urge Wyrm of Fear.

System: All those participating in the ritual must
roll Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 9). Those who
succeed gain some small portion of the dead one's
memories and secret knowledge. A participant who
gets just one success will get the most recent memories
of the deceased, while one who gets five successes will
learn the broad range of the subject's life, including
many of his most treasured secrets.

Noparticipantcan gain game abilities (Knowledges,
Disciplines, Gifts, Rites, etc) directly from the use of this
ritual, but at the Storyteller's discretion the rite can be
used to justify the expenditure of experience points on
game abilities that the rite's subject knew.

Asdescribed elsewhere, the Wyrm's touch ison this
rite. By default, any Garou who takes part in the Rite of
Dormant Wisdom a number of times greater than the
Garou's permanent Gnosis trait will become a slave of
Foebok. However, Storytellers are encouraged to change
this mechanic to make the Garou's safety zone less
predictable and stimulate roleplay among the troupe.

This ritual will work on the corpses of supernatural
creatures (such as Garou and immortals) if the partici-
pants expend a permanent point of Gnosis. It will also
work on vampires, already corpses, if the vampire is
unconscious and immobilized. Using this rite on a
vampire destroys it. More than five successes are needed
to absorb the full life experience of a creature that has
lived longer than two centuries.

MET: Those participating in the rite must suc-
ceed in static Mental challenges (difficulty of 9 traits).
All participants gain different kinds of knowledge, as
described above; the rite master should gain more
information than the other participants but otherwise
the depth and breadth of the knowledge gained comes
at the Storyteller's description.

Participants risk the attention of the Urge Wyrm
Foebok, as described above (substituting the character's
Gnosis Traits for permanent Gnosis).

Fiftithet

Wanderer? Pend

Level 1, Gnosis 4

The Silent Striders have an image to maintain —
that of the unflappable traveler, never lost, and never

8

es

a fA el

at a loss for which way to go. With expectations so
high, the first step of that first journey can be a doozy.
This fetish is often gifted toa young Strider by a mentor
after she undergoes her Rite of Passage, as a way of
smoothing the road.

At first glance, the fetish appears to be a normal
compass. A closer look reveals glyphs on the compass
face, and a second needle floating from the center
point. When the owner is holding the compass as she
gets directions to her destination (and the compass has
been successfully activated), the spirit of magnetism
housed within hears and remembers the directions. As
the Strider travels, the two needles remain together
until the owner reaches a landmark or crossroads given
in the directions; at that point, the second needle
swings toshow the next direction. The compass under-
stands every language spoken by the Garou who cre-
ated the fetish (and thus it might understand a lan-
guage that its owner does not), and it is even capable
of interpreting pantomimed directions with reason-
able accuracy. The compass is entirely dependent on
the directions received, however, and the directions
might always be plain wrong.

Elders grumble that some youths enamored with
technology have duplicated this fetish's functionality
witha GPS receiver and an electricity elemental. The
warm patina of a compass handed down for genera-
tions from mentor to student cannot be duplicated, of
course. Since these fetishes are usually of use only to
the newest members of the tribe, an elder seen in
possession of one that isn't immediately handed to a
cub will be ribbed endlessly and given unbecoming
nicknames. Most Striders make it a point to hand their
wanderer's compasses off by Rank Two, or Threeat the
latest. This also helps ensure in small measure that the
tribe's active wanderers take some interest in helping
new arrivals.

MET: Level One, Gnosis 4. There are no game
mechanics that govern the use of this fetish, and it
functions as described above.

Sone eased Mace

Level Two, Gnosis 5

These ancient weapons were easy for human hands
tocraft —a hole was laboriously drilled through a large
rock, and a strong wooden haft was inserted. These
simple materials were also appealing to spirits allied
with the Garou, particularly spirits of nature or the
element of earth. Once the weapon was embellished
with gold wire and carved with Garou and Egyptian
glyphs, a spirit was usually willing to inhabit the fetish
and lend it power. When wielded by a Homid-form
Garou, astone-headed mace does Strength + | bashing

Silent Striders

eee ay


damage. When the wielder changes to Glabro, the
mace increases proportionally, and inflicts Strength +
2 bashing damage. When the wielder assumes Crinos
form, the mace grows again (resembling a small boul-
der on a tree trunk), at this size inflicting Strength + 3
bashing damage.

Since these weapons are relatively simple to make,
they are still common. Even nature spirits and earth
elementals are more jaded in modern times, however,
and it may take particularly skillful or precious orna-
mentation to convince a spirit that the mace is
asuitable home.

MET: Level Two, Gnosis 5. The Stone-
Headed Mace functions much as a Club (see
Laws of the Wild, p. 196), except that it does
two Health Levels of damage in Homid form,
three in Glabro, and four in Crinos.

Dik

Level Three, Gnosis 6

The d'siah isa knife witha flint blade curved
like a crescent moon. The blade is usually
eight to nine inches long and roughly two
inches wide. It is primarily used in
a slashing motion — while the
outer edge is wickedly
sharp, the inner edge may
be sharpened only near
the upswept point, or
notat all, depending
on the skill of the
craftsman. When the
inside edge is sharp, the
trailing point can be used to thrust at the
end of the slashing arc as a return stroke.
In truly desperate straits, the lower, mostly
decorative point close to the grip can be used
tostab an opponent while ina clinch. Because
this knife takes skill and training to use properly,
the difficulty to attack with itis 7. It inflicts Strength
damage. The war spirit bound into the blade, usually
one of Cobra's brood, is somewhat more discerning
than spirits usually bound to klaives — a d'siah

does aggravated damage only to Wyrm-tainted ME

creatures (use the same guidelines as the Gift:
Sense Wyrm) and any type of spirit.

In addition, after a successful strike, the Strider
can activate the d'siah to drain a point of Gnosis from
her opponent (or a point of Essence from spirits).
Because this requires a Gnosis roll, the werewolf can-
not use this ability of the knife on the same turn she
spends Rage for extra actions.

AR FEY Sen meme

The greatest strength of the d'siah is directed
against the Striders' greatest foes: Egypt's vampires and
their snake-like minions. The cobra-spirit in the blade
lashes out violently against its tainted reflections,
inflicting Strength +3 aggravated damage.

Every d'siah isa fetish weapon —flint is sharp, but
ablade of this length would invariably snap ifsubjected
to the twists and jars of combat without a spirit to keep
it whole. Even with the spirit's assistance, a d'siah may
break if used in combat against foes wearing armor. If
the wielder's player botches an


Seer err rue cee ar A AP a SP run remsmvrev

attack roll against an armored opponent, the player
must roll the blade's Gnosis rating against a target of 6.
The blade snaps if the roll fails. The flint blade of a
d'siah cannot be repaired; the character must find
another knife, or craft one by painstakingly knapping
the blade, preferably from Egyptian flint. The skill to
form such a long and curved blade was rare even in
early times; much of the art was lost long ago when
bronze became common. Today, Silent Strider Kin-
folk, archeologists and survival hobbyists keep the skill
from dying out completely, but the d'siah has become
rarer with every generation. Many Striders instead
carry a jambiya (see below), the metal descendent of
the crescent blade, which can take considerably more
punishment.

MET: Level Three, Gnosis 6. It grants two extra
traits in combat, but only does Strength damage. A
d'siah does aggravated damage to Wyrm-tainted crea-
tures. However, when facing vampiresand their snake-
like minions, the d'siah adds an additional damage
level (and does aggravated damage).

The wielder of a d'siah can use it to destroy one of
its opponent's Gnosis (or Essence) traits. After hitting,
the character must make a Gnosis Test against his foe;
if successful, the opponent loses one Gnosis. The
Garou who wields the d'siah loses nothing if he fails
this test.

The d'siah has the Negative Trait "Breakable,"
which can be bid against it by an armored opponent. If
the character loses a combat challenge in which Break-
able has been bid, the character must immediately
make a Simple Test against the opponent. If the
character loses this test, the d'siah breaks.

Ta

Level Three, Gnosis 5

The fetish jambiya is most often a klaive forged in
a form that pays homage to the Silent Strider heritage.
The blade of a jambiya is curved, but it lacks the
bottom point that would form the full crescent. Both
edges of the blade are sharpened. Like the d'siah, it is
typically used to slash with the outer edge, but the
upswept point can be used to cut into the opponent
with a backwards stroke. A fetish jambiya is forged
from pure silver, and in larger proportions than ever
created for a human wielder — roughly four inches
wide at its broadest, and about eighteen inches long,
though it loses some of its reach to the curve of the
blade. The knife is heavy in Homid form, but a wielder
with a Strength of 2 and 1 point in Melee can handle
it with one hand.

Because of the relatively short reach of the weapon
and the skill required to wield it effectively, the diffi-

8

mn

culty to hit with a jambiya is 7. A successful strike with
the fetish does Strength aggravated damage. Because
of the large quantities of silver used to make the blade,
the wielder's effective Gnosis rating is reduced by one
while she carries the knife.

MET: Level Three, Gnosis 5. The jambiya is
silver, and so costs its wielder one Gnosis trait while
being wielded. It grants its wielder two extra traits in
combat; it does Strength damage, aggravated.

Of Tilon Diab

Level Five, Gnosis 7

Only two of these ancient flint blades are known
to survive in the modern day. The curved blade is
carved to resemble not the crescent moon, but the
clutching talons of an owl. The Owl Talon has all the
qualities of the standard fetish d'siah above. In addi-
tion, asecond spirit, that ofa desert owl, is bound to the
blade; when the knife is activated to drain Gnosis after
a successful strike, the owl-spirit snatches the energy
up and channels it to the wielder, who adds it to his
temporary Gnosis. The wielder's Gnosis may never
exceed his permanent rating in this manner. Also, the
wielder may activate the fetish after a successful blow
against an Egyptian vampire. If successful, a blood
point is drained from the vampire and converted into
Gnosis for the d'siah's wielder. This Gnosis is dark and
unnatural, and may push the werewolf into frenzy — as
longas the character has the tainted Gnosis in his pool,
his difficulties to frenzy are reduced by one per point of
tainted Gnosis. Once the affected points of Gnosis are
spent, the Garou's frenzy difficulties return to normal.

MET: Level Five, Gnosis 7. This ancient weapon
functions as an ordinary d'siah, described above. Ad-
ditionally, when the character succeeds in the Gnosis
test that is part of a d'siah's attack, he gains a Gnosis
trait. The character can never have more Gnosis
Traits than his normal maximum. The character can
also use the Owl Talon D'siah to drain Blood Traits
from vampires, and transfer them into Gnosis in a
similar fashion. However, a Blood Trait that has been
converted into Gnosis carries some Wyrm taint with
it, and the character gains a "Dark Gnosis" Negative
Trait that must be used against him during Frenzy tests.
The Dark Gnosis trait is lost when the character
expends the Gnosis that he got from vampire blood.

Talent
Mifett Fang
Gnosis 6
The throwing stick was a hunting weapon favored

by Egyptian nobility. Typically, the throwing stick was
omately carved, with one end weighted so that the

Silent Striders

Coreen ne tng 4 /


SSpaeeseensyenscinncinrenruesannths oe ee

stick would spin through the air to strike the target
(typically a marsh-dwelling bird) with the heavy end.
While the Silent Striders' enemies are made of sterner
stuff than spindly-legged birds, Cobra's spirit children
are always willing to fight at the Striders' side —cobra-
spirits readily enter snake-carved throwing sticks. Hit-
ting the target with a throwing stick requires a Dexter-
ity + Athletics roll from the player against a difficulty
of 7. A successful hit inflicts the character's Strength
in dice of bashing damage. If the Wadjet's Fang is
successfully activated, the venomous snake-spirit in-
flicts an additional three dice of aggravated damage.

If the stick-smacked opponent doesn't intention-
ally break the throwing stick, and if the weapon inflicts
less than five bashing damage (before the opponent's
soak), the throwing stick is probably intact. While
Cobra's brood are almost always willing to enter
Wadjet's Fang, they are downright eager to inhabit a
throwing stick that has damaged a powerful enemy and
may compete for the honor. (At the Storyteller's
option, each Gnosis spent in the Rite of Binding
reduces the spirit's Gnosis rating by two rather than
one for one.)

MET: Gnosis 6. A thrown Wadjet's Fang uses a
Physical Test to hit and the Athletics ability allows for
a retest. A successful hit does one Health Level of
aggravated damage.

Pectoral of Torror
Gnosis 8

These talens are extremely rare, and their owners
rarely know the name or true nature of the beautiful
necklace they have in their possession. Today these
pectorals are usually created by the Silent Striders for
use against the Black Spiral Dancers; others are
created for use against Garou who have committed
great wrongs against the tribe. The Pectoral of Terror
appears to simply be a valuable and beautiful neck-
lace, often conveniently "dropped" by a Strider (who
must successfully activate the talen) fleeing the scene.
It is wrought of highly refined gold, and polished as
perfect as a mirror. In the hands of a human or even
a vampire it is simply what it appears to be, but in the
hands of a Garou it is a time bomb. The spirit bound
to the pectoral is a ghost, and it hides on the edge of
the Dark Umbra — only an exceptionally gifted
Theurge could spot it lurking there, and few would
think to try. If ever a Garou uses the polished surface
of the pectoral as an aid to crossing the Gauntlet, the
ghost within it snatches the werewolf away mid-
crossing, pulling him instead into the Dark Umbra.
The shades of the dead are drawn to these talens,
especially those who hold a grievance against the
proud, unsuspecting owner. They gather like vultures

Chapter Three: First Steps

SR ee

in the lands of the dead, waiting with the patience of
the unliving for their chance at revenge.

MET: Gnosis 8. The Pectoral of Terror functions
as described above in Mind's Eye Theater, as there are
no game mechanics or die rolls associated with its use.

Toferat

The totems that follow are allied with Owl's brood,
and are usually willing to help the Silent Striders by
serving as pack totems, or by permitting their children
to empower fetishes and talens to be used against their
common enemies.

Topas of Rupect
North Sar

Background Cost: 5

When the banks of the Nile were the Silent
Striders' greatest concern, the tribe had little use for
the North Star (known as Vegarda to many Garou),
and she cared little for them. After the Striders were
expelled from Egypt and scattered to the wind, their
millennia of wandering under the North Star's light,
reliant on her guidance to find their way, softened the
brilliant, hard heart of the Incarna. She sent her spirit
children to the Striders to share her gifts to aid travel-
ers, and to watch over them as totem spirits.

Traits: Each member of a pack that follows the
North Star receives two dice of Survival. They also
receive the skill Area Knowledge at two dice for any
location in the Northern Hemisphere where the light
of the stars is not overwhelmed by man-made light (no
large cities, but small towns and rural areas). Upon
acquiring the North Star as a totem, members of the
pack receive one point of temporary Honor renown.

Ban: The North Star requires that her packs travel
often, accepting all legitimate quests and message-
carrying duties.

MET: North Star grants the Traits: Survival x2
and Area Knowledge x2 available only in the Northern
Hemisphere where the light of the stars can be seen at
night. Each pack member gains one Honor.

Jearah

Background Cost: 5

The Scarab, Khephri, is a spirit of creation and
renewal. As a symbol of the rising sun, he is part of
Helios' brood, and all things that scatter and hide
when dawn's light creeps over the horizon hate him.
Scarab is patient and careful, never encouraging
destruction for its own sake — carefully timed acts of
creation and destruction, the totem knows, are both
more effective and more fulfilling. Unlike most of

83

i.


Helios' brood, Scarab is even stronger during a solar
eclipse: during a total eclipse, the sun's flare around
the disk of the moon emblazons the sign of the Scarab
in the sky, and monsters that crawl out of hiding in
those few precious moments are sure to taste Scarab's

hoarded wrath. ¢

Traits: All children of Scarab learn the minor rite
Greet the Sun. Once per story, each member of the
pack may channel Scarab's regal bearing, radiating the
light of the sun; for the duration of the scene in which
this power is invoked, the child of Scarab is treated as
though he had Pure Breed 5. When a child of Scarab
spends Willpower on extended rolls, each point ex-
pended after the first round of the extended roll counts
as two successes. And finally, during the brief duration
of a natural solar eclipse each child of Scarab may add
two dice to all actions.

Ban: Scarab insists that his children greet the sun
each morning. Ona more abstract level, Scarab shuns
those Garou who reflexively turn to their Rage to solve
problems without attempting alternative solutions
(with exceptions granted during the precious mo-
ments of an eclipse, when a well-timed frenzy is often
a vital part of the plan). te

MET: Children of Scarab learn the minor rite
Greet the Sun. Once per story, each member of the
pack may take on the benefits of Pure Breed x5 for one
scene. Once per session, achild of Scarab may expend
a Willpower Trait to gain a retest on a static chal-
lenge. Finally, during the totality of a solar eclipse,
children of Scarab can expend Willpower to gain a
retest on any challenge.

Tofems of War
Cobra

Background Cost: 7
The queen of the cobras was known to the Egyp-
tian people as the goddess Wadjet, the protectress of \
the pharaoh. The theft of her symbols and the corrup- fy
tion of a number of her spirit brood by vampires like
Sutekh infuriated the goddess; a serpent's fury is cold,
and only grows with time. Warlike Silent Striders and
angry cobra-spirits are drawn to each other, joining
together to take their war to the corrupting minions of
the Wyrm — especially the Leeches. And woe to
anyone else who stands in their way.
Traits: Children of Cobra gain an immunity to
snake venom, and an additional four dice to soak any
other poison damage. Also, once per day, each mem-
ber of the pack gains the ability to inflict four dice of
lethal poison damage with his bite, in addition to the
damage from the bite itself. Against Banes and vam-
pires, this damage is aggravated.

Seer rare rune caren aren coe avr a ered


Ban: Cobra grows impatient with Garou who will
not fight (though of course she has no problem with
stealth and ambush tactics). She demands that her
packs take every opportunity to root out the vampires
of Egypt and their corruption.

MET: Children of Cobra take no damage from
snake venom. They geta three-trait bonus to deal with
any other poison damage. Once per day, a single
member of the pack can inflict four Health Levels of
poison damage with his bite in addition to his basic
bite damage. This poison does aggravated damage
against Wyrm-spirits and vampires.
Sibnc-of War

Background Cost: 8

The Egyptians called Sphinx by the name Aker
and venerated him as the guardian of the horizon: the
dividing line between day and night, and between the
worlds of the living and the dead. But even the humans
knew that Sphinx was not "their" god; Sphinx existed
long before human worship began. He was a powerful
chthonic entity, a force of nature, a vital part of the
order of the cosmos. As the guardian of the lands of the
dead, Sphinx despises ghosts and vampires that defy
the natural progression of life and worse, wreak havoc
among the living. It is also Sphinx's charge to guard the
severed coils of Apep — the Wyrm — so that the
enemy cannot regain his power.

Traits: Children of Sphinx may cross the Gaunt-
let into the Dark Umbra at the setting of the sun (as
though they used the rite Descend into the Dark
Umbra, with no blood sacrifice required). The diffi-
culty of mind- or emotion-affecting powers used by
the dead or undead is increased by 2 against children
of Sphinx. Last, once per lunar year a pack that
follows Sphinx may call upon their totem to seize one
already defeated, Wyrm-tainted foe (or part of one).
That enemy (or that part of the enemy) is spirited
away to Sphinx's Umbral realm, and it will never
return (or re-grow).

Ban: Children of Sphinx must return dead crea-
tures to the land of the dead. Period. They are not
required to destroy them or defeat them in combat, but
the dead must remain where the dead belong.

MET: Children of Sphinx may cross the Gauntlet
into the Dark Umbraat the setting of the sun as though
they used the rite Descend into the Dark Umbra, with
no blood sacrifice required. They gain two extra Men-
tal Traits in defense against mind- or emotion-affect-
ing powers used by the dead or undead. Once per
month a pack that follows Sphinx can ask their totem
toseize adefeated Wyrm-tainted foe or object. The foe
is taken to the Umbral realm of the Sphinx and cannot
Teturn or regrow.

Qn ee

a LTR FE EN er me

Chapter Three: First Steps

JSibjox-of itso
Like most greater spirits, Sphinx has many
faces and different aspects. Sphinx also appears as
a Totem of Wisdom in Tribebook: Red Talons;
this female aspect is just as valid for Strider packs.

Gowda

Background Cost: 5

Crocodile is a wily hunter. He lurks, unmoving
and unseen, beneath murky waters; the violent end of
any prey that wanders too close to his jaws is inevi-
table. Crocodile chooses wily warriors among the
Garou to call his children, taking only those who
understand that surprise and overwhelming strength is
the only way to win.

Traits: Crocodile grants each of his children an
additional die of damage with the bite maneuver (and
the teeth of his children appear unusually long and
sharp, even in Homid form). Also, each member of the
pack can channel Crocodile's cold calm to force down
a frenzy. Upon invoking this ability, the urge to frenzy
disappears, and the werewolf cannot frenzy for the
remainder of the scene. This ability can only be used
once per story.

Ban: Packs that follow Crocodile must not attack
or bring harm to the Mokolé, the reclusive reptilian
shapechangers. This is a ban that is not tested often,
but when it does come into play, these packs might be
accused as traitors.

MET: Each packmember's bite attack does an
additional Health Level of damage. Once per story,
each packmember can avoid an incipient frenzy
altogether, but in so doing loses the ability to
frenzy (whether willingly or unwillingly) for the
rest of the scene.

Topers of Wider
his

Background Cost: 6

The ibis has since ancient times been the symbol
of Thoth, the healer, scribe and keeper of mystic lore.
The ibis is also a moon spirit, one of Luna's brood — for
the Egyptians, Thoth ruled the moon's path through
the night, and even today the curved beak of the ibis
is seen as symbolic of the crescent moon. Ibis's greatest
gift to the Garou is memory: The Garou seldom record
their thoughts, plans or teachings, but Ibis does, and
his writings are incorruptible and enduring. The Ibis
guards many secrets that would otherwise be lost to the
Silent Striders — and some that have been lost, as the
Striders have forgotten even to ask.

85

mere


Traits: Packs that follow Ibis may call on their
totem to aid their memory, as the spirit records their
experiences. Any sight, sound, message or even scent
may be recalled (requiring an Intelligence roll at a
variable difficulty). Note that unless the pack spends
Background points to improve their totem so that it
may remain in contact with all of them, if the pack
splits up, only members that remain with the totem
spirit will have their experiences recorded. Even more
importantly for the Striders, a child of Ibis can ask after
any specific memory recorded from any child of Ibis,
living or dead (success requires a properly worded
request, a successful Intelligence + Enigmas roll at a
difficulty of 10 from the player, and usually a great deal
of time). The difficulty of all magic worked against
children of Ibis (whether "true magick," hedge wiz-
ardry or vampiric Thaumaturgy) is raised by one.
Lastly, packs pledged to Ibis gain three dice of Medi-
cine that may be allocated among the pack's members.

Ban: Followers of Ibis may not harm marsh birds,
nor may they use throwing sticks as weapons (like the
Wadijet's Fang talen). Since Thoth was the advocate
for the dead, children of Ibis must also intercede on

behalf of ghosts in need of help to continue their
journey to the afterlife.

MET: Ibis grants Medicinex3. Pack members gain
an additional trait to resist magic of any sort. Charac-
ters can take advantage of Ibis's ability to record their
memories as described above. Getting one's totem to
recall the memory of another child of Ibis requires a
static Mental Test against a difficulty of 10 and will
take as long as the Storyteller deems necessary.

Situs, fhe Dog Syar

Background Cost: 4

This star, the brightest in the night sky, was of
special importance to the Egyptians. They celebrated
the start of their year when Sirius rose with the sun, a
harbinger of the annual flooding and re-fertilization of
the Nile River. To those ancient Egyptians, Sirius was
the embodiment of Isis, but many other human cul-
tures recognized the canine qualities of the star and its
constellation, creating legends about dogs with quali-
ties from noble loyalty to unmatchable speed. The
Incarna Sirius does favor a canine form, and so feels a
fondness for the Garou, the Silent Striders in particu-


lar. He is recognized as a totem of Wisdom because his
gifts to his children focus on marking the passage of
time and making predictions, but the Dog Star is still
always fond of a good race.

Traits: Packs that follow the Dog Star receive a
point of Wits and two dice in Enigmas (only one pack
member may use these bonuses at a time). All pack
members receive two bonus dice when performing
seasonal rites. Finally, all children of Sirius receive an
Athletics specialty in "sprinting."

Ban: The Dog Star's children must mark the
yearly rising of the star over Egypt with an elaborate
ritual, no matter where they may be.

MET: Intuitive, Quick, Enigmas x2. Characters
receive two bonus Traits to perform seasonal rites.

Toporst of ¢ Cowkeg
Gh

Background Cost: 4

The seagull might not be a particularly attractive or
friendly bird, but it is a tough and canny survivor, found
the world over. For those willing to look beyond the bird
droppings and trash eating, Gull is willing to share what
her quick, darting eyes have seen in her travels.

Traits: Gull's children each receive two dice in the
Area Knowledge skill for coastal areas around the world
(including large lakes). In addition, Gull's children float
as easily as she does. In the physical world, no Athletics
check is needed to float on top the water for any length
of time, and any roll to swim back to the surface is made
at -2 difficulty. In the Umbra, children of Gull can run
across the surface of the water. Due to the totem's
unsavory habits, children of Gull lose two points of
temporary Honor renown upon adopting this totem.

Ban: Gull cannot bear to spend any long period of
time away from open water. The pack's totem will not
insist that they remain near the shore, but if the pack
remains inland for too long (in the Storyteller's esti-
mation), she will return to the sea, taking all pack
benefits with her. This includes such benefits as cross-
ing the Gauntlet as a pack and any telepathic bonding
the totem may provide. Gull happily rejoins the pack
as soon as they return to environs she enjoys.

ae AL PEN

MET: Area Knowledgex2 (for coastal areas and large
lakes), Athletics x2 (for swimming and aquatic activity
only). In the Umbra, packmembers can run across the
surface of the water. Children of Gull lose 2 Honor.

Nerhle © Fiat
eat Sept (9 ph Mod)

This merit allows (or perhaps inflicts) glimpses of
sight into the Dark Umbra. It is not always in effect,
which is a blessing; any living creature who could see
all that goes on a heartbeat away in the land of the dead
would undoubtedly go mad — especially since many
who possess the sight develop it in childhood. The
sight comes over the Strider (or Strider Kinfolk) when
something of importance is happening in the Dark
Umbra (a strong ghost is present, someone or some-
thing is watching the werewolf) or in places that are
significant to the dead (the place, or an object within,
is of great importance to a ghost).

MET: Four Trait Merit. Otherwise this Merit
functions as described.

Af way, some how, a character does not suffer
the curse of Sutekh. The spirits of her ancestors come
to her in times of need, as if she has some sort of mystic
channel or spiritual beacon that calls to them from
their lost wanderings or imprisonment. The character
embodies the great hope of the Silent Strider tribe —
and calls up many of their worst fears, as well. After
choosing this Merit, the player may purchase the
Ancestors Background as usual for other tribes of
Garou. The character also receives three points of
temporary Renown: one each in Honor, Glory, and
Wisdom. Expectations will be high for this character's
future deeds, which may be a benefit or a drawback
depending on the situation.

MET: Five Trait Merit. The character may pur-
chase the Ancestors background as though he was a
member of another tribe. The character gains one
Honor, one Glory, and one Wisdom.

Chapter Three: First Steps 87

|


Egypt is in my blood.

— Evelyn Carnahan, The Mummy (1999)

To most outsiders, the Silent Striders are seen as a
tribe of outcasts. They have been driven from the lands
of Khem and are now forced to wander the open road,
forever denied a place to rest. And, indeed, this is true.
But to consider them only as outcasts would be a
disservice. It implies a sense of defeat and focuses only
on the hardships the Silent Striders must endure. For
the Silent Striders, their curse is not a burden but is
instead an obstacle to be overcome. The difference is
subtle but important. One implies acceptance of things
as they are. A capitulation to circumstances which
cannot be changed. The other implies a refusal of those
same circumstances. A rebellion against that which is
and a focus on that which may be.

Every tribe has something that lies at its heart, a
quality that resonates within each of its members.

Chapter Four: Children of the Sands

Passion. Strength. Secrets. At the heart of the Silent
Striders is the Quest. The open road is not a destina-
tion in and of it self. It must, by its very definition, lead
somewhere. For every Silent Strider, there is some-
thing at the end of the road. Something she is looking
for and wants to find. Some Silent Striders quest for
Ma'at or for knowledge of the past. Others search for an
escape from the tribal curse or for warnings of the
future. Love and family are sought just as passionately
as justice and revenge. Ultimately, all of these quest
are in search of the same thing. It is a quest for a place
to call home.

This chapter looks at some of the heroes of the
Silent Striders. Not just those of the past and present,
but also at those who might become the heroes of the
future.

a a a ney

Sra rer rene ree a naren sna arvana a rs morwrenssnarenr)\

The ample Sayer

Quote: Okay, I get it. You're evil and you have a snake
fetish. Can we hurry this up? I've got better things to do.

Prelude: You had the ideal teenage life: nice house,
parents who trusted you, co-captain of the cheerleading
squad, lots of friends and plenty of cute boys fawning over
you. Life was good. And then everything went to hell.

A vampire attack at a school dance resulted in over a
dozen dead classmates, half the school going up in flames and
you being kidnapped by werewolves. Even worse, itturned out
you were a werewolf too. You spent the next several months
learning about what you had become and how to take care of
yourself. Turns out, you actually hada knack for fighting. The
others treated it like this big deal, butall you wanted todo was
getahandleon thingsand go back to your real lifeas ifnothing
had happened. If only things could be that simple.

Youcame home after your Rite of Passage, but nothing was
the same. Everyone blamed you for the fire and treated you like
a total psycho. You couldn't get back into school and your
parents even seemed scared of you. And the vampires were still
out there. You tried to ignore them, but then their victims
started appearing in your dreams. Going back to a normal life
was no longer an option. Finally you came to a decision: The
vampires ruined your life, sothe vampires will all justhave todie.

Concept: Your life was perfect before all of this Garou
business ruined things, and whenever you think about how
much your life has changed you just get more and more pissed
off. For now, the bulk of your frustration is directed at
Leeches, but you try to avoid the rest of your kind when
youcan. Although youlean more toward your auspice's
role of clever warrior than that of Questioner, the
answers you find to your own questions about
what you do and why you do it will someday
enable you to better understand your place in
Garou society and to help others understand
their own place.

Roleplaying Hints: Refuse to ac-
cept the way things are just because

it's always been that way. Killing
vampires and other monsters
provides a much-needed out-
let for your frustrations, and
without that safety valve you
become increasingly hard to
deal with. Yourstrongsarcastic
streak takesonanasty edge when
mocking your foes. For now, the
world revolves around you and you ignore things you don't want
to deal with. If you survive long enough, you might gain a better
appreciation of how important what you do actually is.

Equipment: Durable yet fashionable clothes, a sizable
collection of knives, wooden stakes and other weapons,
several Kinfolk friends and the beat up van
you all live out of, and a large chip on
your shoulder.

90

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Breed: Homid

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

Concept: Vampire Slayer

20000
{90000

Save

Site Science 9900
tL Afeanpagat
4 op
Allies """""s0000 Master of Fire
Qpen Seal
PuceBreed ——seoco Sense Wyrm
0000 ==
‘00000 ==
(ALS hsm armvrnnen nmr Lae
as Rage Hlth
Glory Bred a
eeoc000000 SFF0000000 i st) aa
Q0000000G0 9900000000 inwed 1
Honor De ela nay Meakel
Maid 28
#000000000
8888200 eooc000000 Gm 3 OB
aaa
Orb ates ogg90090000 Incapecteated Q

9000000000
Q0900QG000
i

1

Sa LMC NRIDERS

rear


ee mae
Toon of Avil 30 SLC SUUDERS SS

Quote: Deathis only adoorway, with aworldofknowledge and Name Dee: Mets Pet Net {
twisdom on the other side. I've lived withthe dead all my life. Nothing tere Carp Seekers Caney Achnbget
they can do frightens me anymore,

Prelude: Your earliest memories were of being kept locked
in the basementofan English country estate, endlessly
>, tormented by the spirits of the dead. The Kinfolk
you had been left with did little more than feed
you and your only source of comfort came from
the collection of Egyptian memorabilia that
cluttered one comer of your basement prison.
Something in their designs spoke to your
soul. Most important was the statue
that looked like you. It stood there
with quiet strength and dignity,
and you sought to adapt those
traits as your own. It filled your
dreams and helped you find the
power within yourself to stand
against your ghostly assailants.
After your Change, you
found yourself thrust among
others of your kind
for the first time.
There, you ea-

Glory
0000000000 2800000000 jig

G@009000000 9990000000 inwel
Honor ntl) ——
0000000000 Weceeue

© 000000000 ——Wifimarammnate —— Trike! Nab tee
9000000000  geeeeevc0e MAUNTED

gaga9999000

{

)
ii)
gerly learned the ways of your people and the secrets of the

spirit world. Some said that you were a creature born of sin and
should have been killed at birth. You knew this to be a lie and
ignored them with the same quiet dignity your guardian had once
shown. In your studies, you had learned the truth. The figure who
gave you solace and strength was a god; one who guided and had
power over the dead. And you had been created in his image.

Your natural aptitude for dealing with spirits, especially those of
the dead, was quickly noticed by others within your sept. Theurges
took you under their wing, teaching you their rites and the secrets of the
spirits of Life and Death. Your insatiable appetite for knowledge also
attracted the interest of people dedicated to the pursuit of the lost
wisdom and secret histories of the world. Now you pursue wisdom in the
dust of the past and in the hidden realms of Du'at.

Concept: Your earliest exposures to the basic knowledge you'd
long been denied opened your eyes and helped put your entire
existence into perspective. Learning more will only improve that
J) understanding of self and of the world around you. You are an

accomplished self-taught historian and archaeologist, and the Dark
Umbra is simply one more tomb for you to explore. The Seekers
provide you with access to peers who share your thirst for knowledge and
whom you can count on to offer intelligent conversation. Among your goals is
finding a way to break the curse, so that others will not have to suffer as you did.
Roleplaying Hints: You are the son of Anubis, and must act in accordance
with your station. Be polite and well spoken at all times, even when insulting
those beneath you. You are unabashedly unashamed of the fact that you are a
metis, and turn your nose up to anyone boorish enough to claim it's a shameful
thing.
+> Equipment: Priestly robes, gold jewelry, ceremonial staff, d'siah.
Metis Deformity: Hairless

i EE a

|

The Chacombe 0 SLC SCRUIDERS SS

Quote: I have seen too much blood and strife born of hatred Breeds Homid Pack Name:

and mistrust in my life already. I'm offering you a different path, if Caries Poa Cones TromingNogiticee

‘you are willing to take it. AA Aitefbifet memmmmmerememtot
Prelude: The country you were bom in doesn't even exist AS, 1 oainnee din tet

anymore. It was torn apart by petty men who used hate to bring Semin 94000 scien —eeees isin 9000

themselves to power. One day, they came and shot your father, LN fig mn

then raped your mother and sisters. They should have killed ae Ny PS heal Peery (00000

you when they did your father. You showed these men of hate Aiets 90000 Cf 0000

what true hate really was. But in your rage, you also killed your eS ao:

family. Your mind broke under the strain and for the next two Esean_—e0000

years, you were little more than a savage beast, stalking and Prana Urge. 0000

killing anyone unfortunate enough
to cross your path. That was
z how the others found you.

Wa

eeee000000

0000000000

Q@oaagggqgg000 seoouuaGaR
nor «dina ee

@ee0000000

Haooano AAG. oo Oe

Wisdom 8990000000 — Mncwwcian
9000000000 —_Aifonyrm—te —Tithe/ Nioonay—ate
9090000000 Qeeecccoce TAUNTED

——t—* goocaaoaga gare

Slowly, your mind healed and you learned what you had
become. But without your hate, your life was without direction, and
the ghosts of your innocent victims were slowly driving you mad.

You might have fallen into Harano if it weren't for the Margrave. In
a land where people build petty kingdoms out of hatred and divisive-
ness, here was a man who spoke of unity. His words and deeds rekindled
what little idealism remained in your heart and gave you the sense of

purpose you needed to finally complete your Rite of Passage.
Now, you follow the lead of the European Shadow Lords, and bring their calls for
unity to septs across the continent, and even beyond. What the humans cannot and will
not build for themselves, the Garou— the right Garou—can build in theirstead. You
carry the word that peace can be achieved, and you argue for cooperation as if the

words were engraved on your heart. And they are.
Concept: The only home you knew was torn apart and now you are forced to
walk the earth seeking to escape the ghosts of your past and to do penance for your
crimes. You abstain from your auspice's role as judge, acting instead as mediator and
peacemaker. In your mind, the Margrave is the last, best hope for your people and
you hope that by aiding his efforts, you can help build a home for your tribe. You
and your mixed pack travel across Europe and the rest of the world, trying to
foster better cooperation among the tribes and to show people that the future of
the Garou Nation lies with the Margrave and his plans.

Roleplaying Hints: You honestly and truly believe in the Margrave and
what he's doing. Struggle desperately to control your Rage while working to
cultivate your spiritual connection to Gaia. The fear of returning to your
previous state haunts you, as do the ghosts of those you killed. You enjoy
working as a wandering negotiator — not just for the opportunity to make

amends, but to leave behind the places haunted by painful memories.
Equipment: Coin of Wealth (Level 3, Gnosis 8; activation grants one
temporary levels in the Resources Background per two successes rolled;
overuse causes the fetish to shrink and lose potency)


a APL PCY my
The Pharkingue of Hope BSL CNR ORS

Quote: The Wyrm is here, now. Will you cower in your

2 Pack Name:
burrows like rabbits, or will you face it like Gaia's chosen? (pas orice ee eneroertine
; Prelude: You were born in the wilderness. Where, ae Ai trl heufer
WY exactly, is unimportant to you. From birth, the others all a rere Becta Ns So
looked at you strangely. They could sense that something Paras [ame pen | ea ae
dark hung over you, making you different. Eventually, you LLM i bhat

only sensed by =

instinct. You Se oe an
arwe

also learned of Rage Huet
@eee000000

Tas 9000900000 inp
to protect Gaia, Wend

of your tribe's fail- egossee
ure to protect Khem Wisdor Ny,
e00000 Hipener——eie Tithe Nahas —te
and of their quest to y 9000000000 Qevesecooo AUNTED.
help prevent other tribes from sharing 1 —9— anoo000000 Siuimenenu Te

hn a Wounded

your sacred duty @ 000000000
a

§ 8902000000 — Cigpied
°

90000000

eocccco

9000000000 = !ncapecieared

‘STUPSEWAYS.

that failure.

an ERIC
Your first visit to a caern came as a shock to you. The
guardians had fallen to despair, saying their enemies were too
great. You almost fell to despair yourself at their shameful
words and actions. What hope could there be if
gp) Gaia's champions had fallen so far? But your new
pack did not fall to despair. Instead, they rallied
the sept. Their words and their strength brought
back hope. They helped the sept slay several of its
enemies. One of those hunts even served as part of your Rite
When you and your mentors left the caern, it was stronger than
when you arrived, and they once again took up their duties with renewed
purpose and vigor. You saw first-hand the power that hope has and you
wanted to share that power with others. The leader of your pack was pleased
with your attitude, and began to teach you of the Harbingers and their secrets.
Concept: You are the epitome of your tribe and of your camp: a traveler who
arrives bearing news and dreaded warnings of danger. But while you bring warnings,
you also bring hope. In the End Times, you bring what may be the most precious and
vital thing in this World of Darkness: the inspiration to keep struggling. To not give up
and to fight against the darkness.

Roleplaying Hints: The human concept of angst is alien to you. As a wolf, you
are accustomed to living for the moment, without dwelling on the past or endlessly
worrying about the uncertainties of the future. The problems of the present are
challenges to be overcome, not insurmountable obstacles. Remind those who have
lost hope that as long as they still live, they have the power and the ability to change
things. Failure is never certain unless one gives up. Despair is the Wyrm's greatest
weapon, and you refuse to let your people succumb to its power.

% Equipment: Nothing, save your voice and your message of hope.

learned just how different you were. Your First Change was Aen, #0000 Animal Ker 00000 Compute (00000
rpm ‘ f ps pete 2000 [00000 Enigma ‘ee000
a terrifying surprise, completely without warning. The rest i 90000 Div. {00000 Invewignt ‘90000
Dae e000 Bie {00000 ‘00000
of the pack fled from you, and you were forced to wander Engud 20000. Pres {00000 Linge ‘00000
" ‘ Eo feeee> Lenni feee00 Metin ‘00000
alone for over a week before a nomadic pack of Silent lecenl 20000. Male 20000 Ox {00000
. re Friml-Ums———eee00 Pettrmanca_——00000 Foltis_—po000
Striders found you. You learned of Gaia and of the spirit Seveorte_00000 Smth_@e000 Rinals @eo00
4 Sdherhge_00000 Suvivel e000 Scence ‘0000
world, putting JA Adtaptaget —_ a
ni Fariyrovnds

Paw SS rat Mentor *"""seo00 Heightened Sencee —

you'd previously Pure Breed ~~ eeeeo Beast Speech

93

mane

The Garoy wth No Name

Quote: I said I didn't want any trouble. I never said I couldn' tdish
it out.

Prelude: You were born in New Mexico, ina town that barely
qualified as such. Your mother worked as a waitress at the local
truck stop and you never knew your father. Growing up, you didn't
have much to look forward to. When you were younger, you
wanted to be a cowboy, like you saw on the TV at the diner, but
everyone kept telling you that girls weren't supposed to act like
John Wayne or Gary Cooper. You became convinced that there
was something better waiting for you down the road, so at the age
of fifteen, you ran away from home. In hindsight, you should've
known better. There're plenty of bad people out there looking for
something to prey on, anda hitchhiking teenage runaway is at the
top of the list. Your First Change saved you from becoming another
nameless statistic.

You spent several days lost and alone in the desert, delirious
and dying of thirst before a coyote-spirit led you to the bawn of
acaern. They took you in and nursed you back to health while
teaching you about what you'd become. Soon after that, a man
arrived claiming to be your father. He was like you and told you
that was why he couldn't stay with your mother, but for some
reason you never quite believed him. He also taught you the rest
of your birthright as one of Owl's
Children, so perhaps he was good
for something after all. But af-
ter your Rite of Passage, you
left him behind, just as
he'd left your mother. 4

Now you travel
the open roads ofthe
American west. You
made sure you

SRMLMT SCRIDERS

Name: Breed: Homid
Player: Auspice: Ahroun
Chronicle Camp: Conc GareuWithNeNone
AL Ai rl bpp t mene nametfLive
Soe Mantel
Seneth e000 Charm, {20000 Perception
Bester set00 Maurin 6000 lene
Sonn 20000 Win eea00
Lif fej memo
Akers. 90000 Animal Ke ott 5.000
‘Ati 0000 Cnt revenue {00000
oi feee00 Dine (00000 _Invesignicn———@8000
Dale e000 Bins 20000. Lew {00000
Empat 00000 Presrm 0000 Linesbtc. 0000
Exes {00000 Leslenhi 0000. Malkin 20000
lntmidaion e000 Mek @e000 Out ‘20000
Prml-Uge——eee00 Peformance 00000 Feliicr — {00000
Serene {00000 e200 Kiuh_——00000
Shere {00000 Survival ‘00000
Aaya mmr
Kerhgrovnds
Pure Breed ——~e0000

smell of Min
Folli

nen =

|
——»0000

Glory a
ooo0o0000 S9eee0o000 1 9
99000000 9900000000 iw 41 a
Honor Ly a Worked 2 0
Male 2

000000000 M
8888S 88888 eccc000000 Gma SO
09000000000 = Inapeiued

isdom
0000000000 —Nifpener ate — Trike! Naabvasr—te
9000090000 Qeeecev000 HAUNTID,

tf Qa0ac00009 | SMR

BOTCHINO THE ROLL TO
‘STEPSILKWATS

Fr re rm re er Hy
learned how to defend yourself, and there is little that intimidates
you these days. But you know thar there's still plenty of bad people
out there looking for victims to prey on. Someone needs to protect
those innocent people, so it might as well be you. Maybe you can
be a cowboy after all.

Concept: You are the American archetype of the
rootless wanderer who brings trouble (and sometimes
justice) in her wake wherever she goes. You know
from experience how dangerous the open road can
be, and you try, in your own way, to make ita little
safer. Whether it's the will of Gaia or fate's
sense of humor, even when you aren't
looking for trouble, it seems to have a
way of finding you..

Roleplaying Hints: Talk softly
and carry a big stick. You hate to
see people suffer when they don't
deserve it, but are perfectly
happy to break someone's arm

Q AN (or worse) if they do. Your
RY biggest soft spot is for
other runaways, and
you've been known to
spend daysata time shad-
owing one to help keep
her safe. When trouble comes, your quiet
and reserved demeanor is subsumed by your
Rage. No matter what, younever take any
shit off of anyone.

Equipment: Broken-in boots, well-
worn Stetson, leather jacket, Bowie
knife.


Travefert

Like every tribe, the Silent Striders have a long list
of members famous and infamous. Striders around the
world tell stories of these Garou, about Elizabeth
Chang ("Heaven's Justice"), the Philodox gunslinger
who quests for bloody justice in the streets of Hong
Kong while serving as a member of the Beast Courts,
and about Anubis Hillwalker, the Appalachian reviv-
alist preacher who tells the region's Garou of how the
Perfect Metis is the Antichrist and that only those who
truly have faith in Gaia will be rewarded upon her
inevitable victory over the Great Beast in the battle of
Armageddon. They speak of Shu Horus, the invincible
warrior of ancient Khem who fought a dead god to a
standstill and lived, and of Buries-the-Dead, the Egyp-
tian Ahroun who battles for the tribe's lost homeland
this very night. These stories and more help to remind
the Striders that no matter how long and hard the road
has been, they do not travel it alone.

The following represent only a small sampling of
those the Silent Striders call heroes.

Wepaunef

In all of Gaia's creation there has never been and
there never will be another creature like Wepauwet. In
the days of ancient Khem, Wepauwet earned fame and
glory as one of his tribe's greatest warriors. He was
blood-brother and closest advisor to Shu Horus, the
legendary leader of the Silent Striders, and served as
his lord's trusted diplomat to the sect of immortal
warrior-mystics who followed the man known only as
Horus, Avenger of his Father. Wepauwet's loyalty to
his blood-brother was exceeded only by his love for his
people and for the lands of Khem and by his hatred for
the accursed Cult of Sutekh.

When the curse of the dead god Sutekh drove the
Silent Striders from Khem and cut them off from the
spirits of their ancestors, Wepauwet was among the
first to recognize the direst implications of the latter
part of the curse. Cut off from the voices of their past,
his people were in danger of losing untold amounts of
wisdom. If the curse could not be broken quickly,
knowledge and lore that might someday be vital in
breaking the curse could be lost to the sands of time.
So great was Wepauwet's love for his tribe that
against the wishes of his life long friend, he dared to
return to the lands of Khem in order to seek out the
Avenger of his Father. In exchange for the secrets of
immortality, Wepauwet agreed to serve as the
Avenger's weapon against the Cult of Sutekh for as
long as he walked the earth. The ancient warrior
agreed to the Garou's deal and had his priests perform
the sacred rituals of rebirth that enabled his followers

a LTR EY RN mee

to be reborn again and again. In this, Wepauwet
hoped to serve as an immortal record of his tribe's
history, lore and secrets. Such was not to be.

The immortality rituals used by the Avenger of his
Father were designed to be used only on mortal men,
and not on Gaia's half-flesh, half-spirit champions.
After his First Death, Owl himself came to Wepauwet
and told the Garou warrior that this would be the only
time he would be allowed to escape the natural end
Gaia plans for every living creature. Should he die
again, the spirit told him, he would be cursed to wander
the Umbraasa fleshless spirit, forever barred from both
his Tribal Homeland and from his living people. His
plan to cheat Sutekh's curse a failure, Wepauwet was
disheartened. However, Owl recognized how much
Wepauwet was willing to sacrifice for his tribe and
offered to lead the Silent Strider to his tribe's Umbral
Homeland. There, he would dwell for eternity, discon-
nected from the physical world. As a creature of both
life and death, Wepauwet would serve as a link be-
tween his living tribe and the ancestors they had lost.

And so he has done for over two thousand years.
Living Silent Striders who succeed in their quest to
locate their Tribal Homeland find Wepauwet there,
alone among ancient ruins that evoke memories of
Khem. Those who spend any amount of time with the
ancient wolf soon understand his secret. Wepauwet
exists between two worlds. The ancestors of the
Silent Striders still dwell in the Tribal Homeland, but
they are unable to see or interact with their living

Chapter Four: Children of the Sands 95

ONG


Serer ruse crea aren se ar ner a remoamrwrensnarend

descendants. Wepauwet alone is the only being in
the Realm who can fully interact with both the living
and the dead members of his tribe. Those rare Silent
Striders who find the realm are able to use Wepauwet
as a go-between and communicate second hand with
their ancestors.

Over the centuries, Wepauwet has never stopped
working to reestablish the connections between his
tribe and their ancestors. And he may have finally
succeeded. Twenty-five years ago, the ancient spirit
began an unprecedented experiment. Using powerful
and legendary Rites not seen since the days of Khem,
Wepauwet attempted to create a bond between the
sacred name of his blood-brother Shu Horus and that
of a newborn Silent Strider. The strain of the Rite
nearly destroyed him, but to Wepauwet, the potential
gain was worth any risk. In the proceeding years, he has
repeated the rite on other newborn cubs of his tribe.
Seven years ago, the experiment bore fruit. During her
Rite of Passage, the young Silent Strider was able to
channel the spirit of Shu Horus and use his power to
destroy a large Cult of Sutekh nest. Since then, a
handful of Wepauwet's other experiments have per-
formed similar feats. For Wepauwet, these events mark
the end of a journey begun centuries ago, and the start
of a new one.

Statistics for Wepauwet may be found on page 142
of Umbra.

Vk Sieykor

You should' ve been around with us in the Thirties, Mr.
Snow. I can't begin to tell you what you missed. Glories.

— Doc Brass, Planetary (Warren Ellis)

If ever there was a poster boy for two-fisted tales
of sheer damn manly adventure, Vik Stryker was it.
Throughout the 1920s and 30s, he traveled the four
corners of the globe and beyond in his endless quest
for excitement, romance and justice. His battles
against Sutekh cultists in the Middle East, the Black
Steel Centipede Triad in China, and the Ku Klux
Klan in America made him famous. His quest for the
Lost Caern of Skull Island, his journey into the
Umbral Realm of the Hollow Earth, and his recovery
of the Malachite Scarab made hima legend. Through
itall, Vik was accompanied by his fellow members of
the Eagle's Nest Pack: Fianna Lorna McNab, Two-
fisted Scots Banshee of Justice (Philodox); Glass
Walker Dr. Stratus, Australian Garou of Science and
Master of the Skies (Theurge); Shadow Lord Greta
Cole, expatriate European heiress and femme fatale
(Ragabash); and Stargazer An Lei Sheng, martial
artist and mystic (Ahroun).

96

The 1940s were not kind to the Silent Strider
Galliard or his friends. Greta and Sheng died in the
War. Lorna returned home to help defend her family
caern and Dr. Stratus, recognizing that the world was
passing him by, left to explore the Umbra. As for Vik,
aNazi bomb cost him his eye and full use of his leg. The
atrocities of the Holocaust sickened him, but not
nearly as much as the uncomfortable silences which
answered his demands to know why no one had tried
to do anything about it while it was happening. The
death of his longtime lover and eventual wife,
Samantha, broke his heart. While seeking to avenge
the deaths of several victims of Japanese wartime
medical torture camps, the discovery that the country
he'd grown up believing in had made deals with war
criminals in exchange for their research notes crushed
his sense of idealism. When his refusal to appear before
the House Committee on Un-American Activities led
to his arrest for contempt and later charges of con-
spiracy, Vik finally fell into Harano. Upon his release
from federal prison in the 1960s, Vik left the America
that had betrayed him for North Africa, where his
downward spiral continued as he fell into heroin
addiction. It was there that Vik Stryker lost the wolf.

Near the end of the 1970s, Vik, now a shell of his
former self, finally returned to America. He lived on
the streets of New York, surviving only on the charity
of the handful of Bone Gnawers who remembered the
tales of his exploits. Vik Stryker might have lived out
the last of his days in such a sorry state, but one night
fate intervened. Late one night, Vik came across a
mugging, and for the first time in decades he felt the
long dormant call to do something. With no regard for


his own safety, the nearly 80-year-old man with one
good leg attacked the thug and broke his jaw with the
same legendary right cross that had helped end the
career of manya villain. With that one act, Vik Stryker
escaped the clutches of Harano and regained some of
the sense of purpose he'd lost over thirty years before.

Throughout the 1980s, Vik worked as a private
investigator in New York before finally "retiring" to
the small town of Pleasant Port, Maine in the 1990s.
There, he assisted the local sheriff and did what he
could to keep the town safe from the Wyrm. It was
during this time that a number of younger Silent
Striders sought out the aging hero, hoping to learn
from his years of experience. He served as a mentor to
several younger Garou, all the while continuing his
own quest to regain the spirit of the wolf he had lost.
In 2002, he succeeded.

As word spread through the region of a major
Sutekh cult operating out of Portland, Vik insisted on
doing what he could to help. Although most of the
Garou gathered to battle the cult scoffed — what
difference could a senior citizen with an aging Colt .45
and a sword cane possibly make? — Vik proved, as
always, to be full of surprises. Even at the age of 100,
Vik still possessed a mind sharper than many a third his
age. His advice proved critical in planning the success-
ful attack on the cult's temple. And even then, Vik
managed to surprise even himself. The heat of battle
and the chance to confront his most ancient and hated
of foes finally provided the spark he needed to regain
his Rage after so many decades without it. For the first
time in forty years, Vik Stryker entered combat against
the forces of the Wyrm in Crinos form. Although he
fell in combat (against three of the cult's warriors), he
had finally completed the long journey that had taken
up the last half of is life. Vik Stryker is dead, but his
legacy lives on in the hearts and minds of his tribe, in
the memories and deeds of those he mentored, and in
the stories told around campfires at night. The story of
how one Silent Strider overcame the countless ob-
stacles along the road to finally reach the end of his
long and difficult journey.

ack Sbaok

For centuries, the people of Norfolk have reported
sightings of a ghostly giant black hound, the size of a
calf and with eyes like burning embers. The hound,
known as Black Shuck, haunts graveyards, lonely
country roads and the hills and marshes around vil-
lages. According the legend, those who see Black
Shuck are destined to die within the year — assuming
the hound is not there to claim them then and there.

In truth, "Black Shuck" is not one hound, but a
long lineage of Silent Striders born among one of the

last remaining wolf packs secretly preserved by
England's Garou. The local Get of Fenris tell the story
of Ahmad ibn Fadlan, an Arabic Silent Strider who
came to England with the Fenrir warrior Buliwyf
Bearslayer to battle a monstrous vampire and its brood.
Although the Bearslayer died gloriously in battle, the
Strider survived and bred with the wolves near Nor-
folk. Once every few generations, one of the wolves
carrying Strider blood breeds true, and Black Shuck
once again walks the earth.

The return of Black Shuck always signals the
coming of difficult and often violent times ahead for
England's Garou. His appearance coincides with the
tise of powerful Wyrm beasts, spiritual plagues, and
human treachery. And every time, Black Shuck has
played a key role in the battle against the Garou's foes.
The dark hound has not been seen in many decades,
but with the growing threats in Scotland and else-
where, many believe it is only a matter of time before
his inevitable return. Black Shuck is a harbinger of
death, and the Garou near Norfolk believe that his
return will signal that the Apocalypse is imminent.

Wok WAN

He may well be the most famous living Silent
Strider in the world. Born just over twenty years ago to
a pack of Ethiopian wolves, the Ahroun known as
Walks-With-Might has rapidly distinguished himself
as one of his tribe's greatest heroes. But while his

Chapter Four: Children of the Sands 97


|

countless battles across the northern half of Africa
established his reputation as one of Gaia's greatest
living warriors, it his actions over the past few years
which may well make his name immortal. As Black
Tooth's Endless Storm raged across southern Africa,
Walks-With-Might was content to ignore the mad
Bastet's actions. Although he personally felt the Simba
warlord was a brutal tyrant and thug, Walks-With-
Mightconsidered the Endless Storm an effective means
of keeping the forces of the Wyrm in check and
allowed him to focus his attentions on the vampires of
Egypt and North Africa. But as news of events across
the continent began to reach his ears, the Silent
Strider's opinion began to change.

Being born and raised in Africa, Walks-With-
Might knows that this is not the Garou's land. The
Silent Striders of Africa have always understood that
their presence in the region is only tolerated by the
land's Fera, and if it were not for the tribal culture of

respect for the territory of others, that tolerance would |"

rapidly vanish. For much of his life, Walks-With-
Might has worked to ensure that relations between his
tribe and Africa's numerous Fera remained non-hos-
tile. Even as a cub, he struggled to understand the
land's spirits, as well as those spirits honored by the
Fera. Since becoming leader of his tribe in Africa, he
has punished those Garou whose actions anger the
region's other shapeshifters, even to the point of facing
members of other tribes in combat.

As Africa's Fera exploded into bloody civil war,
Walks-With-Might grew concerned. Black Tooth's
actions reminded the Ahroun of the events of the
War of Rage. To his mind, that War had been a
mistake, depriving the Garou of much-needed allies
and leaving openings for the Wyrm's advancement. If
Africa's Fera population was decimated, the Wyrm's
forces might easily overrun the entire region. For all
the power at his command, Walks-With-Might felt
powerless to do anything. Any attempt to intervene,
he believed, would be seen by all of the Fera as an act
of aggression on the Garou's part and result in violent
retaliation. And so it was with great relief that Walks-
With-Might received ambassadors from the Fera who
came seeking an alliance against the mad tyrant
Black Tooth. And it was with great anger he heard
stories of the Simba warlord's alliance with Africa's
undead. Walks-With-Might pledged his tribe's sup-
port to the besieged Fera, and the Silent Striders
began teaching their estranged cousins pack tactics
and other arts of war.

In the aftermath of Black Tooth's death, Africa's
Silent Striders found themselves badly bloodied. A full
third of their number had died in the battles against

98 Silent Striders

OU pa et mt Pt rine ttey ff,

the Endless Storm and their undead allies. But they
had proven that they could successfully fight side by
side with the Fera. When Kiva, leader of Africa's
Bagheera, proposed an alliance of the continent's
Shapeshifters, Walks-With-Might eagerly threw his
support behind the effort. Today, the Silent Strider is
seen as one of the leaders of the loose alliance known
as the Ahadi. Though neither likes the other, both he
and Kiva share a grudging respect. Kisasi, the Ajaba
queen, feels indebted to Walks-With-Might for his
aid, and he holds her in high esteem for actually
engineering the alliance that led to the Ahadi. The
Kucha Ekundu Red Talons respect him because he is
wolf-born, while the Mokolé consider him trustworthy
because he and his fellow members of the Desert Wind
pack have faithfully followed Crocodile for well over
two decades. However, both Walks-With-Might and
the new Simba king, Hakimu, avoid each other as
much as possible.

In spite of their losses, the Ahadi has revitalized
Africa's Striders. Although he fully and wholeheart-
edly supports the Ahadi as a method of improving
relations between Garou and the Fera, Walks-With-
Might also recognizes the most utilitarian aspects of
the pact. Without hesitation, the Strider leader will
demand aid from any of the Ahadi's membership in his
war against Africa's vampires. However, honor de-
mands that he and his people also provide aid to the
Fera when asked, and Walks-With-Might enforces his
tribe's compliance with an iron hand. Presently, the
warrior concerns himself with how to deal with the
growing forces of the Wyrm now that they are no
longer held in check by Black Tooth's brutality, sup-

LO RR TE EE aI


porting Buries-the-Dead's anti-vampire activities in
Egypt, and on attempting to integrate the growing
number of Dispossessed immigrants into his forces.

In Lupus form, Walks-With-Might appears as a
lean, dark-furred Ethiopian wolf. In Homid form, he
is a lean, well-muscled Ethiopian man in his early
40s. In all forms, he can be easily recognized by the
twin, parallel scars that mark his forehead, as well as
by his deeply intense stare. His every action com-
mands respect and he fully expects to be obeyed by
subordinates. In private, he is friendly but quiet, and
one can easily see the massive burden that rests on
his shoulders.

NM upht Fautter-fhar-Deafh

Mephi Faster-than-Death first encountered the
dead while growing up in Levittown, New Jersey. One
of his neighbors, an aging man with blue numbers
tattooed on his arm anda haunted look in his eye, once
told the boy of how sometimes the dead are resentful
of those who are able to escape death and how they
won't ever rest until those who survive finally join
them. Everyone else thought that the old man was
crazy. They whispered about how the terrible things
he'd seen — things they would never talk about in
front of children — had broken his mind. But Mephi
knew better. He could see the ghosts the old man spoke
of. He could see the dark and emaciated forms that
dwelled in the man's home. Creatures so consumed
with loss and grief and hate that all they could do now
was force the living to share in that pain. When the
man died, the ghosts turned their attentions to the boy
who could sense their presence. At the age of fourteen,
Mephi Faster-than-Death ran away from home. He's
been running from the dead ever since.

Since his First Change, Mephi has made a name
for himself as one of the Garou Nation's greatest
messengers, lore seekers and — surprisingly for one
who so loathes the dead — explorer of the Dark
Umbra. He has been to caerns on every continent,
visited countless Umbral Realms, and treated with
pack alphas, sept leaders and kings from every tribe.
His deed name has taken on multiple meanings. Origi-
nally called Faster-than-Death for his uncanny ability
to dodge foes in battle, as well as for his talent for
outrunning whatever trouble he meets along the road,
other Garou consider it a testament to the young
Strider's knack for reaching septs just in time to warn
of attacks and other dangers. But among his own
people, Mephi's name is also recognized as a mark of
the burden he has carried since a child. Like all of his
people, Mephi Faster-than-Death is haunted, but he is
also cursed with a second sight far beyond the simple
hauntings that plague his tribe. Everywhere he goes,

yee nie

Ss ALE PE

Chapter Four: Children of the Sands

even the dead who do not haunt him are visible to
Mephi. Eventually, they notice and demand his help.
And so Mephi runs, constantly trying to outrun the
dead. To be faster than death.

Although Walks-With-Might and Buries-the-
Dead may be more famous within the tribe, it is Mephi
that Garou of other tribes most often think of when the
Silent Striders are mentioned. Much to his distaste, he
has found himself turning into the unofficial spokes-
man for his people, and the source of many Garou's
opinions on the Striders. Of late, Mephi's time is
divided between his activities in the material world
and in the Dark Umbra. Since the coming of the Red
Star, he has worked tirelessly to keep scattered Garou
Septs across the world in contact with each other, with
the hopes that they will better coordinate their ac-
tions, share their lore and be better prepared for the
coming Apocalypse. He also continues his investiga-
tions of the Dark Umbra, seeking to uncover the truth
behind the latest of the great storms that rock the
Underworld, and how to force those ghosts who have
found their way past the Dark Gauntlet into the
material world back into the lands of the dead.

Image: In Homid form, Mephi is of average
height but rail thin, and clearly of Semitic descent.
He wears his straight, black hair cut just above the
shoulders in a style most presume to be quasi-Egyp-
tian but which in truth owes more to his continuing
penchant for the grunge music of his youth. In Lupus
form, he appears as an Ethiopian wolf with dark
brown fur. His natural thinness carries over into his
nine-foot tall Crinos form. In both Homid and Crinos
form, he can be recognized by the Egyptian style gold
jewelry adorning his arms and wrists and by the
serpent headed staff he carries. In all forms, Mephi
wears the golden necklace engraved with the glyphs
for his breed, auspice and tribe which helps identify
him to caern guardians and warders.

Roleplaying Hints: Typically friendly and outgo-
ing (in a quiet and slightly reserved way), Mephi
becomes evasive when asked about the spirits of the
dead and his journeys into the Dark Umbra. He be-
lieves passionately in his goals of fostering greater
communication and cooperation among the tribes, as
well as in his own efforts to gather information and
secrets from both the living and the dead. He is equally
passionate in his dislike for the restless dead who have
haunted him all his life. He helps them only grudg-
ingly, and is more than happy to work out his frustra-
tions on any hostile spirit, vampire or Wyrm minion
that gets in his way while doing so.

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Galliard

9

mae

|

Seer rere era cornea nares are er ma em marensarenah

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4 (running), Brawl 2,
Dodge 4, Primal Urge 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 5,
Occult 4 (Restless Dead), Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Pure Breed 3

Rage: 5; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 6

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Mindspeak, Sense Wyrm, Si-
lence, Speed of Thought; (2) Dreamspeak, Messenger's
Fortitude, Tread Sebek's Back, (3) Adaptation
Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of the Questing Stone,
Rite of the Fetish, Descent Into The Dark Umbra,
Prayer for the Prey

Fetishes: Mephi's cobra-headed staff is a singular fe-
tish, created from a cobra-spirit bound into his dearest
possession — a staff that was given to him by a dear,
now dead friend. While he grasps the staff, the diffi-
culty to step sideways is reduced by 1. The staff adds
one extra die to damage pools when used against evil
spirits, and if driven bodily into a materialized spirit
(requiring four successes on an attack roll and at least

J om

two levels of damage after soak), that spirit cannot
dematerialize or use the Charm: Reform until the staff
is removed. (Level Four, Gnosis 7)

Merits: Ghost Sight

Silent Striders

etree ny ff


Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
Physhoaf JSoclaf Mental
Strength, @0000 Charisma, @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence___———s®@0O000
Stamina, @0000 Pi ig @0c0oo )§$=«Wit 0000
Talents AKnonfedgar
Alertness, 00000 = Animal re ©0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, 00000 Crafts, 00000 _ Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, 00000 Drive. 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge. 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000 Law. OOO00O
Empathy. 00000 Firearms, 00000 Linguistics 00000
Expression, 00000 Leadership. 00000. Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Melee 00000 = Occult 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000  Performance_____ 00000 __ Politics. 00000
Streetwise. 00000  Stealth_____———— 970000 Rituals, OO00O0
Subterfuge 0000 — Survival. 00000 _ Science. 00000
Eackgroundt "if
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
Renown Rage Hreabih
Glory Bruised Qo
oO000000000 pS SASS LEIA) Hurt -l Q
OQO00000000 8900000000 Injured -l Q
Wounded 2 Q
onor "Cipeelt
0000000000 ae EN See coat
OoOOgODOOODO 999°9°°9000 Crippled -5
Wisdom oQoOoOOoOo0Oo0o0000 Incapacitated Q
oO000000000 Lib
fabemeer ant PF One Ogee ot eee eee
a Ravk QO0000090900 - gorcuinc tHEROLLTO
STEP SIDEWAYS

Cee ea nat ofa

ILENE SICGNDERS

4


Te ILEUT WURIDERS Sa

— Hort, —~ ‘ohbue Mipe Supa
me Wee Strength (+4)__ a § Strengthi(#3)___ Strength(+1)___
Stamina(+2)2 (Dexterity a Dexterity (+2) Dexterity (+2)__
Appearance (41) Stamina(+3).)/ Stamina(+3) A Stamifia(+2)____
Manipulation(-2)____ Appéaranc®-0-/ — Manipulation(3))__- Manipulation(3)__ |

Manipulation(-3)_) +1 DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficiilty: 7 Difficulty: 6
€ INCITE.DELIRIUM i hed Ae

HUMANS

x
a eO000O, Item: Level. Gnosis.
00000) Power:
er ee 00000) Item: Level. Gnosis.
—— 00000) Power:
ee OO000! Trem: Level, Gnosis,
Ss ee 00000: Power:
a er Se O0000: Item: Level, Gnosis.
a 00000) Power:

00000 Piet

i a ee 00000

| 00000 N

oooooN
OO0000
ooooo |
OO0000
OO000
OO000
ee STE OOO00!
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage | Range| Rate | Clip 2rarbng Chart
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 — Strength+1/A
Body Tackle DexBrawl 7 Special
Claw DexsBrawl 6 Stength+/A
Grapple Dex+Brawl 6 — SuengthB
Kick DexsBrawl 7 Stength+1/B
| Punch Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
A~Aggravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage

ea

Nature: Demeanor: j
} Nort Tipe Cat = Fw
|
\ Senna Background forme ina
t Nenfor
|

Contact Pure Breed

|
] Kiofofle Totem
i)
\ Gear (Carried): TOTAL
| Gained From: L
: Equipment (Owned):
SOA Sal mene
i Name:

Caem Location: TOTAL SPENT:
| Yi ee Type Spent On:
\ Totem:

Leader:


SLM TC ICRIVDERS S

AY Pref
Age:
Hair,
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:
Sex:
Height | Weight
Homid:
Glabro:, Zatlla Stare:
Crinos:.
Hispo:
Lupus: Nott Deformhty:
Vack Chart Visuals Character Sktloh
NS =a

aR Ti BOOK:
ILEUTC aad

ca
. ett Foad but ther
ug ide, players sand sae tale can Me ns eo secret ie et tribe
dee, av wa the Ancient secrets‘of a a eforgorren "time, :

Sng: Lost homeland"

eMind 8 Ge Theatre $

www white-wolf.com
ISBN 1-58846-314-1
WW3859 = $17.95US.

S1 795

ag Worth oh
