# File: Silent Striders.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Soiircebook»for:WerewolfsChe Apocalypse"

Cribebook 9


iDAMN! GOOD: AND CORNERED...
\GOT TO BREAK FOR THE UMBRA!
[SHELL BE WAITING, OF COURSE. 1S IT WORTH IT?!
| MAYBE ae eee
\ WHAT AM | THINKING? BETTER HER THAN THEM!

(I THROUGH: =e -—

SiC =e) lagen Size


SETS TEETH, | WAS
ALMOST THROUGH
PITTSBURGH, TOO. |
SUPPOSE THAT'S WHAT
| GET FOR TRUSTING
ONE _OF THOUSAND-
TALES' SHORTCUTS.

WELL, | HAVEN'T LOST
TOO MUCH TIME.
BETTER MOVE QUICKLY.
AT LEAST _IM_ GOOD AT
THAT. |

PLEAZE... PLEAZE
LIZZEN TO ME...


YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO_CAN HEAR ME.
PLEAZE. | NEEO..

> DON'T WE ALL.)
PLEAZE. | WANT TO GO oe

HOME. I'M LOZT. a OE
| WANT TO GO HOME. O
O

GET HELP FROM
YOUR OWN _KING,
GHOST. IM NEEDED
BY MY OWN KIN.

IN THE PENUMBRA? IS
SHE SOMEHOW LINKED
TO ME?

FAIR'S FAIR,
GHOST. I'LL HELP
YOU ONCE I'VE
RUN_MY TASK.
ALL YOU NEED TO
OO 1S KEEP UG


WHAT IN
GAIAS...?!


EASY. YOU'RE SEPT
OF THE CHANGING
SEASONS, YES?

NAME'S MEPHI
FASTER-THAN-
DEATH. GOT A
MESSAGE FOR YOUR
CAERN WARDER.

TRUST ME, HEART-OF-
THE-TRILLIUM WANTS TO Ts
KNOW WHAT'S ON THIS Umbral paths did
SCROLL. A n @ you travel? You
ave a strange
feel to you.

| DON'T KNOW WHAT Y
YOU'RE TALKING


[TRE DARK UMBRA. I'D\%
GIVE ANYTHING NOT

THIS? THIS IS
WHERE YOu
WORKED?

YEZ. AN
EXPLOZION...

DON'T KNOW, NEED
~~ ZOMETHING
FIRZT...

| GET THE IDEA. SO
WHY CAN yOu GO

OME


ANO | OON'T
CARE!
DIE, DAMN YOU!

YEZ! | REMEMBER!
THIZ 1Z IT! BLEzZ

IF ITS NOT ONE \ | 4 , 4 yOu

HING..,
| HATE THIS FART OF
THE UMBRA.


MR. YOST? |
TALKED TO EMILY
NOT TOO LONG

AGO,
SHE LOVED YOU

VERY MUCH.

re

ood

HEY, WHAT OO
YOU MEAN?
HOW OID YOu
KNOW EMILY?
WAIT!!!

OFF_UMBRA-JUMPING

YES? WHO
ARE YOU?

fe WANA

GLAD THAT'S OVER
WITH. IM SWEARING

FOR THE NEXT ;
MONTH. TOO MUCH }~
TRAFFIC. .


j By Ethan Skemp and Robert Hatch

Lh TS TY,

(ia

Credits

Authors: Ethan Skemp and Robert Hatch

Additional Egyptian research and guidance: Ellen Brundige
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Ken Cliffe

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Andrew Bates, James Daly, Anthony Hightower, Matt
Milberger, Alex Sheikman & Jack Keefer

Comic Book Art: Steve Prescott
Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

) SurTE 100
B 780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
GLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO
©1996 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purpose
of reviews. Werewolf The Apocalypse and Silent Strid-
ers Tribebook are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All
charactets, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned. »

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf on the World Wide Web at

http://www.white-wolf.com

You might just find something to your liking.

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks

Ken "Bad Neighbour" Cliffe, for indulging in the tradi-
tions of fun, frolic and liquid patriotism.

Rob "Slatzcha" Hatch, for preferring Sascha Vykos to
Fatima al-Faqadi — eeeww.

Phil "Seven Days My Ass" Brucato, for having a little
difficulty in recreating the universe.

lan "Blind" Lemke, for unintentionally missing the mas-
sacre of Noisy, Barmy and Irresponsible.

Rich "Zorak" Dansky, for his dedicated work for Mantis
Civil Rights.

Ethan "Slavering Urbanite" Skemp, for becoming nostal-
gic for cow manure and weedwhacking.

Ronni "No Spellcheck, No Service" Radner, for throwing
up some much-needed barricades.

Cynthia "Strong Female Protagonist" Summers, for being
the center of a fantasy game in entirely too many respects.

Silent Striders

a


Introduction: First Steps 12
Chapter One: Dust

The history of the Silent Striders'  f

Chapter Two: Shared Row

Thec en. Striders

at 46

Appendix Three: Trailblazers 64

Famous Silent Striders of the past and present

Appendix. C0: WagnO0nos

Five ready-to-play character templates

New Gan:

Contents | |
J

Introduction Il

POLL LT TE TT TT LS


La a a

—~ s a ¢ a = / 4


Introduction:

First Steps

‘

\

\

Wealth I ask not, hope nor love,

Nore a friend to know me;

All I ask, the heaven above

And the road below me.

— Robert Louis Stevenson, Songs of Travel

Well gageuon finally caught up with me! Good. That's —_a deep breath»now, because not all roads are as pleasant as
always gung cub. Let me tell you, you aren't
done wa .
S ders told you a ef 2 @different sight entirely,
told sr any Siley. Sie nein g, but her light'll
caer? Theres ou. W : agi under every
smleft up tO et
thou ad a dri t after me, didn't
chasing after
Look around. You see
the brown water in the ditches, the gravel holdingtheroad darkness. We can also run faster that way, and believe you
dirt down, the rail fence over there? Take a good look. This me, we very well might have to. Let your hackles down, cub,
is your inheritance. Not these lands, not that stand of trees —_‘ never called you afraid. But somewhere along the road,
over there — the sky and the roads, that's what your sire you probably will be.
and dam left you. Open sky above and dirt road below. Take

Once it becomes

Introduction 13

) ial tein //,

Beres stretching over theroad, | paws. Human senses just can't cope with the road in


. or

‘
Wye \

. N N } N \\ < x AS oo \
ei veae

RQ \ \
OSE \\

\\
\ AKU Ba
5 "AWK

WEN \

=


Chapter One: St
(Dust:

Teach him what has been said in the past; then he will
set a good example to the children of the magistrates, and
judgment ayderthexactitude shgll enter into him. Speak to
him, for thedg\s‘none born is

— Ptahhdgpe®

Thirsty already? I could use a drink myself,
on, there's a stream about half a mile up ahgé
run.

Stop your complaining and pick u

Le . :
A Emin't always get along. Our differences weren't great

We'll rest when we're there! 5 |
. . enbugh to pugh us apart into tribes just yet, but it was
AS egi nni ngs / etting therg. If you could walk back to the First
/ "Kintes and sfy on a moot of those Garou, you could
Ahh. It tastes good, doesn't it? Better th@hSaay ; prabably tell a thing or two about who would sire
water you'll draw out of a tap, becausejit'§ tere Te t bs. The eloquent moot leader with a
quench you after you've traveled. Purejwqtd| robably a foremother of the Silver
surest sign of Gaia's love that I know. Foyled ival, the intense Ahroun keeping to
well, that'll put you in a killing mood gag Rely his six-times-great-grandchildren
All right, now I'm in the mood to ta a palling themselves Shadow Lords. The
up and listen, for the urge doesn't strike mp; upus radicals howling their arguments in favor of the
Sit and cool your feet in the stream, andfy mpergium7)R ed Talons-to-be, to be certain.
the first Strider story. } |

Chapter One: Dust

EE PT OT tiene, //,

L


Now, the world wasn't always as we know it. Once
matter and spirit were one — no Gauntlet, no Um-
bra, just one world where death was nonexistent and
to name something was to define it. Then the Sever-
ing came. Some say when the Wyrm turned from

balance to corruption, its pained thrashings tore the A
worlds of matter and spirit apart. Others say the
Wyrm caused the Severing the instant it was born.
According to our tales, however, the Severing came
toward the end of the Impergium. We still aren't sure
what caused it. But no matter what the explanation,
everything was changed. It took the Garou a bit to
adapt, but they did.

Well, back then death was still a fairly new thing
to the world. Nobody really understood it all that

well, but they knew it was a natural thing, and that
was good enough for them. For most of them, anyway.

Before the Severing, you see, if something was
destroyed it could simply rebuild itself. Desire and"
form were one and the same. But with the rise of the
Gauntlet, a dead Garou was gone forever, after a
fashion. You can probably imagine the mourning
that came after the first battles with the Wyrm.
Parents and children were gone, their bodies inert
matter. The Theurges were only taking their first

steps in the Umbra as we know it, and they had no
idea where Garou spirits went after death. ‘Why
would the spirit of a mother abandon her cub?

One Garou asked all these questions, and refused
to stop asking them. The elders didn't know the

answers; the humans and wolves were even more
ignorant. She made up her mind that the Severing
had made the world very confusing, and that the
spirits of the departed were just lost. With that, she
made up her mind to go find them and lead them
back.

She left her pack behind, and walked into the
woods. She walked for a long time in the physical
world, and then she walked for a long time in the
Umbra. Finally, she sat and rested under a spreading
tree, and an owl came and rested in the tree's branches.

"Where do you travel, daughter?" the owl asked.
"There are many new roads in the world, and surely
you do not seek to walk down them all."

"No, owl," she replied. "I am looking for the spirits
of my parents, who have been lost since they went for
a walk with that newcomer that the elders have
named Death." .

"Ah!" cried the owl. "Why, I have seen them. But
they walked down the darkest road of all, and have
not returned."

tionary //,

te
Le

"Well," she said, standing up, "I must go and find
them, then, and lead i them back. Can you tell me the |

way, owl?" al
The owl ruffled hié/feathers, and replied, "I can.
But you are ]j ‘Gome,last, for you cannot see

in the dark
ff "Perhaps sg' she said,
Please telf me which
way they tré i
see them age

"You are b
you still fee avill go with
you to sho ; he took
flight.

The youre

as quick as pog}
lone tiring ryhi

unlike any road ik ] ]

down and down, and as she walked along it, the
countryside she passed was leeched paler and paler,
until there was no color in it at all. The only color she

could see was the burning yellow of the owl's eyes.

But she kept on down that road until they came toa
great gate made from a dark, glassy stone. There the
owl rested on a gate pillar, and she made to open the
gate.

The gate was locked, however, and a great black
spirit arose from the ground as she touched the
handle. In a voice like a rockslide in a hollow well, it
demanded to know her business.

"I have come to find the lost spirits of miy people's
families," she replied. "You must undo this gate, for
it likely confuses them and prevents them from re-
turning to us."

The great midnight spirit laughed, and asked,
"Why must I do that? They have died unready, and
have brought nothing to appease me. What will you
offer to persuade me to open this gate?"

The young Garou quietly opened her chest and
drew forth her heart. Amazed, the spirit dropped to
its knees before her and took the heart in its hands.
Its tongue carefully flicked over the still-beating
heart, tasting its virtue. Finally, the great black spirit
shook its head and placed her heart back in her chest,
closing her skin back as if new.

"Your heart tastes of life, young one," it sighed. "It
is a taste I rarely sample, and it is far too rich for me.
I will open the gates for a short time, and those who
wish to follow you home may do so. However, I must
close the gates again, so they had best be quick."

With that, he opened the gate wide, shouting,
"Run! Those of you who would see the sunlit world
again, run!" The owl took wing as well, crying, "Run,
young Garou! If you would lead your kin home, run!"
And so she ran, and as she ran back up the darkest
road, she felt the presence of spirits at her back.

But when she reached the physical world again,
she was almost alone. Most of the human spirits had
been afraid, and never passed through the gate. A few
did run with her, but couldn't keep up. These were
stranded between one world and the other, and
became the first wraiths.

The Garou spirits that followed, however, kept up.
Among them was her father, who said, "We cannot
stay long, child. The rules are no longer the same,
and Gaia will be angry if we defy Her will. But your
courage has showed us the way back here. Now,
should you call, we will return to advise you for a

short time. And so shall you return to advise your

descendants, and so on until the End Times."
And just as he had promis
from the Umbra to the youn
ing and calling to their chi
Garou who had brought the
quietly after them. Some o
to see her, for her travels on #!
her lean and strong, and the D
her coat a dep
of what she

g Garou spirits ran
cer's caern, laugh-
n. But the young
back only walked
+ were startled
had stretched
ra had stained
he spoke little
id often return

out chatty, I

Have they &
tribes look on] of the Garou, the
4. Never mind that
and sunk its fangs

ed back then was

the Wyrm hag
into our hearts. No, what
that the humans knew their, . And if you listen
to the Talons, the Impe sa failure because
we didn't take it far enough and exterminate our
human kin!

Chapter One: Dust 17

en


Here. Just close your eyes and think about it. Let's
say that there's a small camp of humans, with ragged
skin tents and some meager, smoky fires. Their best
spears are made of sharp flint strapped to the
straightest wood they can find. Now let's say that one
of the young women has just given birth to twins.
Twins! Why, they celebrate that sort of thing these
days, don't they? Imagine how proud your sept would
be now if you walked back to the caern one evening
with twins in your arms — Kinfolk, or maybe even
Garou.

Oh, it wasn't cause for celebration during the
Impergium. That was a sign that the humans were
getting just a little too fertile. Sure enough, a Garou
would have to see that one of the humans died.
Maybe one of the newborns — that would be fair,
wouldn't it? Maybe one of the clan elders — why not
kill the firemaker? That should keep them in their
place. As long as you're at it, why not kill the mother
of the twins for the crime of making too many

A
|

humans? Or her mate, one of the clan's most prom-
ising hunters?

Now I won't lie to you and say that the Impergium
was something unnatural or wrong to Gaia. Not on
its own terms, it wasn't. Spending some time in the
wild should teach you that well enough. Look at the
way the lions and hyenas of Africa go to war. They
kill one another's cubs out of spite easily enough.
And yet both species have lasted for years on top of
years. It's hateful, cruel business, but it's the way
things are.

No, what was unforgivable about the Impergium
was the sheer idiocy of such a practice. Not just
idiocy, but hypocrisy! Did we cull the wolves to make
sure they wouldn't run amok and someday tear Gaia
apart? No. We lived among them, guided them,
helped them. And all the while we battered and
abused the other half of our kin, the humans. Actu-
ally, I shouldn't say "we" — even back then, our
thousand-times-great-grandparents saw the foolish-

Silent Striders

OL


ness in the killings. Why were the Garou so surprised
when our abused cousins became abusive? We hard-
ened their hearts, set them against their Mother and
her animal children. We raised the Veil, unknow-
ingly destroying our chances of ever being able to
fully share a world. In their Rage, the Garou of so
long ago made a terrible mistake. And now our
Mother suffers from our error.

Come on, let's get walking again.

The War of Rage

As long as I'm opening old wounds, I might as well
tell you of our other great failing. When we ap-
pointed ourselves humanity's keepers, we set our-
selves above all other sons and daughters of Gaia.
Not all skin-changers wore the pelts of wolves, you
see. We knew of the Children of Cat, Cobra and
Crocodile — there were others, too. But pride told us
that we were first in the eyes of Gaia, and in our pride
we fell on our shapeshifting siblings.

Of course, we had the advantage of numbers. After
all, Gaia had crafted us to be her warriors —~ it was

only natural that we'd win a full-scale war against the
others. Our Changing Breed cousins were all but
exterminated, and only a few survived. These days,
we know that at least three races have died out
completely. Funny how it wasn't them who started
the War, isn't it?

Anyway, once both the Impergium and the War of
Rage had ended, the tribes split. Everybody was
bitter as hell about the way things had worked out. So
groups of like-minded Garou each selected a territory
or human culture to watch over, and went their
separate ways. As for us, we selected a just-begin-
ning-to-blossom group of humans, a newborn civili-
zation that lived along a great river.

The Land of Khem

Egypt.

Now, be patient, listen to my ramblings, and you'll
learn something.

It's a hard thing, remembering how it was thou-
sands of years ago, but we remember anyway. Egypt


was ours. Even if we forget the details, the whys and
whats, Ibis is always able to remind us.

Too many times, I've heard thoughtless humans or
even Garou scoff at the land that was once ours.
Desert, they think, and promptly dismiss Egypt as a
homeland worth having. They don't know anything.
Our homeland was a fertile strip of vibrant green
between the great red deserts. Red and green —
that's what we still say where others mean "black and
white." The green was ours, but we also walked freely
in the deserts. The sands were the place of spirits,
Set's place. You recognize his name? God of darkness,
they called him. It wasn't too far from the truth.

But I'm getting ahead of myself.

The Egyptians were a culture fascinated with death,
true. Some of that was our influence. Once the
Impergium had ended, we freely walked among the
people of the Nile. We were careful not to rend the
Veil, but our Kinfolk knew, and many others remem-
bered the killing nights. Look at the paintings of
Anpw and Heru, the beast-headed gods. You don't
recognize the names? Hmph. In Greek they came to
be known as Anubis and Horus. Ah, now you know
who I'm talking about. You see, some spirits remem-
ber the old names of the gods, and many Seekers have
delved into human libraries deep enough to unearth
the old truths. It's hardly necessary to know the old
names, but it's respectful.

Those were rich, full times. The Nile gave us the
most fertile, giving land in all the deserts, and the
people were full of love and vigor. Morbid? Not the |
people of the land of Khem! "Eat, drink and make
merry, for tomorrow we shall die" — that was Egyp-
tian philosophy, cub. They invented the phrase! You
see, they figured that the Duat, the underworld, was
a green place. So if you worked hard, played hard, and
went to your judgement with ma'at in your heart,
then you were sure to spend eternity as happy as you
were in life.

Damn. If only.

Well, we've seen the Shadowlands of the dead. For
most folk, it's a far cry from what the Egyptians called
the Duat. But the underworld's a big place, and
Anpw and Tehuti's court may still exist somewhere
down there. That's why we have to keep to ma'at.

I can already hear your question: What's ma'at? All
right, listen closely. Ma'at is all things true, just and
balanced. It's the force that our Philodoxes strive for,
the law tempered in justice. It's many things, just as
the ankh is many things as well as life. Ma'at is part
of your heart, the purity of soul that all Garou should

iio //

pursue. You see, once the Wyrm itself was a force for
ma'at. But with i o corruption, thagjob fell to
us Garou. Do yo

Here, think ab 2

gend. Aq - dies, and
w takeyhim by the
Magti, where the

Id

dead man is j
feather of ma
he's cast toas

A clever me
pointed by Ga
them. If they d
Wyrm devours them {
that our fellog tri
falling from

he 4 ys of ma'at, then the
ver. (Now, the problem is

If they don't learn
hat's why we Strid-
mifding them of what
uldi be more successful,
andijcattered by the false

gods, the pf Beypt.

Set an

Our undoing always comes back to these two.
Ancient and terrible, they were, and if only we'd
slain them when we'd first met! For these two, I

_ prefer the Greek words — keeps things simple, and

they don't deserve the respect of the true names.
Osiris and Set. Damn them both to Atrocity, they
were the ones who cast us out.

Set was the lord of the desert, the red king of Upper
Egypt. Osiris was master of the delta, Lower Egypt.
Now the two of them hated each other for any
number of reasons. For one, both wanted control of
the whole country. But most important was that
Osiris was an ascetic, which was highly uncommon
in those days. He hated the corrupt part of being a
vampire, and all the temptations thereof. Naturally,
Set represented everything he despised —- red and
green, like I said. So the two went to war, with all
their cold-fleshed minions for soldiers.

We didn't much care for either side — would you
want a Leech reigning over your land? But of the two,
Set stank far worse of the Wyrm's fetid touch. So we
slew the children of Set when we encountered them,
and picked off the occasional follower of Osiris.
After all, we reasoned, when one was destroyed and
the other weakened, we would be able to drive the
survivor from our lands. We also learned of the
mummies during the war. No, not bandage-wrapped
lurching corpses, but immortals created by ancient

ritual. One such was Horus (not Heru, mind), an ally
of Osiris and his sorceress wife. When Osiris fell
beneath Set's power, Horus took up the banner.
Their midnight war lasted for thousands of years
while we quietly went about our business.

Finally, Horus was driven out and Set was trium-
phant. Foolishly believing him weak and unpre-
pared, we threw ourselves at him. But by this time,
the Dark One had created his own bloodline of
vampires, descendants that drew their power from
rot and depravity. We fought hard, but it wasn't
enough. Set had grown vile and strong in the long
years, and he was able to beat off our attacks. While
we slew his children by the hundreds, he learned the
names of our greatest heroes. Names, you know, hold
great power. And with that power, he doomed us all
with the most powerful curse that has ever been
spoken.

"By the names I have spoken, O Lupines, I curse you.
I place my mark upon you, that you shall be forever
severed from thy dead fathers and mothers. I damn you
with my touch, that never again shall you rest in the lands
of thy people. May the names of your ancestors be
forgotten, and may their ghost ‘fobm hunger in the
Duat. As I was cast out, s fall you be exiled,
voiceless and lost forevermgt oe

And that was it. S
whole tribe, with his x
one of our ancestors

"marked us, the
power Bédorruption. Not
ver ogtite to the aid of a

neyfjourneyed deep
cestor-spirits of
hink of those
Id face one of
ter, I figure,
hm I do now.

my many-times-gr¢at-}

that I don't feel the lo pe) an

Scattering

id o& gur tribe as a concen-
trated group. Ten thousand roaf's led in ten thousand
directions, and so we want ouf separate ways.

Some of us went into\Afriga. There we ran with
the jackals and dealt with,thefhuman tribes, but very
carefully. After all, the )pther shapechangers still
held sway in Africa, and the wounds we Garou had
dealt them were still soré. The culture there was
quite to our tastes, but out artestors had to dodge a
few werecats to trade knowlddge with the humans.

A few tried tracking*fhg} Croatan, Uktena and
Wendigo, to see where they'd traveled. We never
heard from these ones again.

Chapter One: Dust 21

PER Ps TP a niin, //,


Many traveled to the East, where they traded
riddles with Stargazers or walked the high moun-
tains. It's here that we met the Romani, and began
our long association with them.

And some trailed the Greek invaders back to Eu-
rope. That's when we struck our first friendly relations
with the Black Furies, and that's where we watched the
rise of a whole new empire.

Rome and Christendom

Too much law stifles a place. The Roman Empire
was so caught up with its own self, with its glory and
power, that it was hardly a fit place for us. They say
Romulus was suckled by a she-wolf — well, if that was
true, he would have surely wept to see what his city
became. Now, we didn't avoid Rome entirely. No,
there's been a Strider or two nosing about almost any
human society since Egypt. But we'd be damned
before we'd walk the Empire in numbers.

Even when the Christians took over Europe, the
continent wasn't to our tastes. So we wandered the
back roads, dealt with the local tribes and generally
watched quietly from the shadows. If we had any
influence at all in Europe, it only came when we
returned in greater numbers with the Gypsies.

The Gypsies

Our association with the Gypsies has nothing to
do with what you might think. Their name's just that
—aname. Other folk called them the Aigyptians, or
Gypsies for short, but the Romany had nothing to do
with the land of the Nile. No, we adopted them and
bred with them because we recognized kindred spirits

rancestors to
eeling is that

us, or if these STORMS sient
them in the first place. My g@r

love for life‘attaran interest in deatfi — the two aren't
exclusive, you know. Whatever the reasons, we'd
found more Kin. Our association continues even
today.

And so some of us traveled with the Rom caravans
into India, and back to Europe again. I think one of
every four Striders that I've met over the years was

2

JA

born to Gypsy parents, but thgms hardly a scientific

count.

Anyway, we returned to Egrdpe ingnumbers (such
as they were) when tle

course, we scattered al .
there. Some of us took novel
followed the rise of leagées
prowled around jife #f
ing with rebefjand
the bustling

Lay ‘soon as we got
Renaissance, and

ean society, deal-
even went into
me tise of the
eestablished

our feud with ‘ he yAmpicgs-afOpind this time, and

more than dre rid Ne outright bloodshed
between Caroll dAeed \ VA

° q
Colonialis Y

When the European Lo f a New World, it
naturally caught our idsezest, many, it was the
promise of a new hom. Syrel}in (at vast continent
there would be room/forfa vag Wribe.

Not hardly. The Gargf that fi \ ade the journey
found that our lost/cofisins, the U§rena, Wendigo
and Croatan, had ¢Jafmed rights to fhe continents.
Well, he choked Yagk his disapipgintment and par-
layed with the-lowalé. He Simm de*peace of a sort
with them, and agreed to act as a go-between for
them and the European tribes.

But then the other tribes arrived on the American
coast, hungry for new territory. Sure enough, it was
war again. But it was a Long, slow war of attrition, one
that the Pure Ones were doomed to lose. When the
Croatan vanished, we were one of the few tribes to
weep.

I wish I could say that we never did the Pure Ones
any wrong, but it just isn't true. Many of the Wayfar-
ers took English money and Silver Fang fetishes in
return for scouting out the local caerns. A few more
Striders stepped places they shouldn't have and un-
sealed things that should've remained sealed. That's
our shame, and the rest of us are still trying to make
amends for it. I hate to sound like a Child of Gaia, but
we need to have the Uktena and Wendigo fighting
alongside the other tribes. But when you don't travel
in numbers, it's hard to be taken seriously. And so the
few of us that were there could only watch as things
worsened.

Even worse, it happened all over again in Austra-
lia. And this time, one of the Garou tribes was
completely exterminated. I can only imagine our
ancestors helplessly watching, seeing the whole story
unfold again, powerless to stop it.

Silent Striders

yy


Yy
_——

ing World

lesson of the last few centu-
y long-winded. We were
y? We saw the Gnawer
y at Bunker Hill and
rling around Madame
behind Napoleon's lines, and
lion fail. Even ifa Strider
iz or cultural shift,
to sift through the

Kinfolk tu
were chase
Guillotin®
we watched the

s much ag possible
is the orfly posses-

most of us
compelled ug
Lands, and go
they were doin .

You'll never treat stalksabout the Old
West. Truth be told, most would just as soon forget
about the events of those days. Nowhere else was the
fighting between European and native Garou greater.
Damn few would listen to reason; no, they kept
brawling over caerns and ambushing one another.
Only we would pass between the sides, trying to
teach them and learn from them as well,

Whew! You'd never have believed the Umbra in
that place and time, either. Wyldlings went tearing
across the Umbrascape, ripping into whatever Weaver
or Wyrm spirits they came across. It was a stormy,
furious mess. It was only the coming of the Storm
Eater that got the tribes to act together as they should
have. Even today, no tribe that isn't a Pure One will
talk about what happened. Most were too ashamed to
tell their children that they helped unleash the
Storm Eater, and the secret died with them.

Now, their story isn't mine to tell, but in 1890, the
Storm Eater was gone. Unfortunately, the Wyld's
hold on the West was broken during the struggle.
There are still wild spaces out there, but malls and
convenience stores clot the land, same as everywhere

else. One Seeker I talked with once told me that in
the quiet time that followed the Storm Eater's pass-
ing, Pentex itself was born. Some victory, eh?

Into the 1900s

Let's go back to Egypt for a bit. The Victorian era
and the turn of the century saw a lot of change along
the Nile, not to mention the rest of North Africa.
Some of us were there when the English began
gutting the tombs of our ancestors, but they weren't
able to stop the unearthing of the Boy Pharaoh.

The opening of Tutankhamen's tomb changed
things for us. Suddenly, Egypt was popular among the
Europeans and Americans. They began to flock to
the Nile's banks, looking for souvenirs and photo-
graphs to carry home. Locals would dig up their
ancestors, hawking the foreparents' bones to curious
whites. One relic after another found its way to
Britain, there to sit behind glass as sightseers wan-
dered past. Look at the influence that Egyptian cul-
ture had on Western architecture and art of the time.

Things changed in the Dark Umbra, too. As all the
interest in dead things swept the living world, the
Deadlands were stirred by the new tides of sentiment.
You see, the Restless are creatures of passion. It's
emotion that holds them to existence, and emotion
that fuels their powers. Not only that, but the Dark
Umbra is just as much a reflection of the physical
world as is the Middle Umbra. That's why there are
places where you never want to step into the Dark
Umbra. Think about the spiritual mirror-image of a
battlefield or concentration camp, and what it might
look like. Whatever y: agine, the real thing
is probably worse. {

As you can probab}
had a pretty strong e
would be nice to sa
slaughter, but a |
signed. We'd see
one was just as p
thing that was d

As I was saying,
in Egypt, and it didn

the First World War
the Dark Umbra. It
ked by the level of
ere just plain re-
an wars, and this

f European interest
for some time. A lot

a race to see who could drag out the most ancient gold
or the most unusual bones.

We took it upon ourselves to keep the bones of the
dead buried. Nothing howls louder than a hungry
wraith whose goods have been stolen, you see. Be-

Chapter One: Dust 23

NS nee


sides, we did it out of respect for the dead. More than
one ancient chief's burial curse came true, if not the
way he'd expected, as his tombrobbers fell beneath
Strider claws.

The '30s

In the 1930s, when the Depression squatted in
America, pretty much the whole world went bust. If
you take a look at the pulps, you can tell that most
considered this an adventurous time. Now, you al-
ready know enough about this world to realize that
the "great white adventurers" weren't all they were
put up to be. What do you expect? Nobody would
have bought pulps based on ragtag cliques of minori-
ities, Anglos and foreigners.

From what I understand, though, it was a strange
time to be alive. Hitler's madness had already in-
fected Germany, and the Nazis were stirring up like-
minded evils from all over the globe. There was a
secret revival movement among occult-minded hu-
mans, and little good was coming of it. And, of
course, archaeologists kept rabidly tearing up what-
ever tombs they could find. The end result was that

there was a lot that needed doing, in all manner of
distant places. And with our penchant for being
where the action is, we had our work cut out for us.

World War JJ

We had few enough kin at the time the Second
Great War began, and fewer when it ended. Many of
us heard the thunder before the storm, and stayed
well clear of Europe for the war's duration. That was
a mistake. Hitler's ethnic purges lashed out at the
Gypsies like no other persecution of the Rom through-
out history.

We had no choice: We had to go into Germany.
Cub, if ever you want to know what the war was like,
then step into the Umbra and wander over to Atroc-
ity. While the Get of Fenris tore at each others'
throats, we slipped into the back streets and shadows,
doing what we could to get our Kinfolk out.

One or two of us made the mistake of entering the
Umbra to sneak inside the concentration camps. In
some places, you can still hear the echoes of the
screams.

24 Silent Striders

AED PT ibe //,


A
——

Che Apocalypse

Here's the worst part: No matter how hard our past
has been, it's nothing compared to what's ahead.

Who do you think Phoenix brought the Prophecy
to? Not the Fangs, no matter what they say. It wasn't
the Furies, despite their claims that they're the keep-
ers of every scrap of important mystic lore. No, it was
one of the Garou that was a Strider before there were
Striders. We're the keepers of the Prophecy, and
have been ever since Phoenix first spoke those words
a mountain's lifetime ago. We're the prophets, the
oracles, the seers of the days to come.

And a long time ago, Phoenix showed one of our
ancestors the Eighth Sign. The end of the final
battle.

Easy there, youngling. That's not something you
learn the whole of until you've walked a lot more
miles than you have. I'll say this much, though: It's
not pretty. In fact, it's pretty damn grim, but there's
still room for a touch of hope yet. Once you've
proven you can keep a secret, we'll teach you the
words that we've handed down from parent to cub for
centuries.

But you'd better be able to keep that secret. Can
you imagine what would happen if the Get of Fenris
discovered we knew the truth about Ragnarok? And
if we told it to them, and they didn't like the answer?
I'd bet my d'siah that they'd figure we were lying to
them, just to lower their spirits. And you don't have
to be Klaital Stargazer to figure out what would
happen next.

That's why you have to be able to keep a secret.
Remember, whatever truth you learn, or whatever
rumor you find, you have to think carefully before
you share it. Ma'at is a hard thing to carry, and not
everybody is prepared shoulder the burden. Pick your
friends carefully. Teach them to keep secrets. And
keep in mind that they don't have to know every-
thing you do.

Further Lessons

Come on then; we still have a ways to travel, and

you still have a lot to hear before we set you on your

own road. Enjoy it while you can — we're at our most
talkative when we're instructing cubs like you. So if
you miss something the first time, you'll probably
have to figure out some way to learn it on your own.
[hate repeating myself, and so do most of our kin. Try
to keep up.

Chapter One: Dust 25

: i"



hapter Cwos

aoe

a
=
» | ig

HE
Y

Where' er we tread tis haunted, holy ground.
— Lord Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage

NBT AY
as
=

rere
—_

|

ould prefer, you may dance. Go and celebrate with the
others, and I shall keep my dusty wisdom to myself.

No? And why not? No, don't tell me. I can already see

~ why. You want to revel, but you feel set apart from the
dancers. Although they'd let you join in, you wouldn't feel
truly welcorig,, And not just that, either — were you to pass
he evening effpoying yourself, you wouldn't get a chance to
wibar a few segrets.
You're a tr@e Silent Strider, you are. This is what attend-
¢ moots is ¢ften like for us, particularly moots held by a
pix of tribes {While the others posture, brawl and howl to
Lutta, w,.wander from elder to elder, gathering lore and
news. T€ gina would call it lonely business, but would
they really welcome us to their drunken dances and wild
hunts? No. We are the walkers on the outside, and the role
suits us wel

Ah, but Gur tribal moots are an entirely different story.
[have attenfled only three in all my years, and am no more
standoffish than the next Garou. We meet very infre-
quently. Buf when the Striders gather in numbers, it is the

ahead. There's a camp of Gypsies just down the'kpad; from
what I can hear of the songs, they're Kinfolk. Sourtttedlébet

the talking.

Moots

For solitude sometimes is best society,
And short retirement urges sweet return. [ay

—— John Milton, Paradise Lost PVA

Welcome, young one. I am Aset Spee
Galliard to the Silent Striders. For the past
seasons, it has been my satisfying duty to iffst
cubs in the ways of our tribe. This is, I prespgy
elder companion has brought you here.

Do the music and dancing distract ygu%, Would you \ finest of thgpgs.
rather be among the young ones around thgifire than Ya We have few caerns to call our own. Thus, most of our
listening to the words of a gray-haired Garou manNéxo u held far from wide roads, often ona forgotten bald

or remote stretch of plain. It takes a long time to gather all

Chapter Two: Shared Roads 27

0 POE Ps TE OT tebe, /,


the Striders in the area. Can you imagine? The only way to
find most of us is by happening across one of our trails, or
by chance meeting. The last moot I attended was called
three years before it convened. Even then, some arrived
late.

The other tribes would be astonished were they to see a
Silent Strider moot. You may have noticed that. we only
speak freely among ourselves. Look at your guide over
there, by the fire with that young man. Neither one would
converse so casually with a Get of Fenris or a Wendigo. But
among one another, we... well, we don't become verbose,
but we do talk openly.

Of Tales

Now if you want to listen to the finest stories of a moot,
you'll have to learn something of our other languages. You
see the dancer there, the one with the blue sash? Watch her
carefully. She is telling a story, weaving a dance-tale. That
is the Pakiv Swatura. The closer you watch her, the more of
the story you will see. Look at her energy, her passion. She
leaps as lightly as a hare, and twists as would a leaf in a dust
devil. And yet every step, every gesture is a word. See? She
tells of heroism and wonder, of open sky and swift running.
Were the Fianna to see her, they would likely gnaw at their
wrists with jealousy. You see, we are not always somber!

It looks exciting, does it not? Perhaps she will agree to
teach you something of the art. Once you have the time,
that is. Best learn to walk first, then to dance!

We have another custom of talesharing, but this one is
much simpler. In fact, you will likely be expected to
participate when you attend your first moot. If one of the
Striders begins a ridiculous, comical tale, pay attention.
This is the Darane Swatura, told simply to bring humor to
a dark night. You will be expected to carry on the tale,
adding to it and improving upon it. The tale only ends
when all present are clutching at their sides, weeping with
laughter.

It is the height of excellence to weave a true story into
the Darane Swatura, distorting it until it is outrageously
impossible and intolerably funny. Of course, it is equally
admirable to tell as patently incredible a fiction as you can.
And why not? With the Darane Swatura, we laugh at
ourselves as hard as we can. We have little other time to do
sO.

Even a splash of color can tell volumes to another
Strider. If you see a red berry stain smeared on a rock, that
can mean that danger is nearby. Green is our color for safe
haven and peace; blue means purity, innocence or ma'at.
These associations are as old as our tribe, and come from our
Egyptian roots. By simply wearing a scarf of a certain color,
we can communicate wordlessly amongst ourselves, even at
a Shadow Lord moot. Remember! Knowledge is priceless,
and quiet communication is an art of the highest order.

etnies 7 /


Che For gt

The music' loud
fiddler tires, thé
Nobody wants t&
tonight.

No, cub, | gram
All of us havege

#! fast tonight. Listen. When one
e tune as quick as he can.

Nid of e empty air between songs

iso o silence a long time ago.

| you. Bi sdgetimes it is painful

to gather witha ‘ BA tribe o ight. You see,
our gathering cong 2) 5 ae th e have — the
Striders still Gi¥ee big md each. In losing

the spirits of our fd , Blmost all of our
past. i

Whenever we gatiias Hi mY, HF
The air may be fille She osts, bufsshey aren't kin. Set's
curse saw to that. E Ry illennia, we still feel the loss
as a tribe. It colors S cots. Most times we simply
carry on quietly, dys. Tonight we sing, dance

and play.

Cote

Asatribe, w@ffav¢ run intd Uni more times than
any other. We five also made nigny allies there. Asa Silent
Strider, you mpy ®gll walk und€gjrhe blessings of many
different toteths x your~day. While-you.are young and
strong, you area fine child of War, appearing from nowhere
to cut at your enemies and then vanishing again. Once you
have trod many lands, then perhaps your focus shall shift.
With maturity comes Respect, and the example you set may
guide those who watch you run. True Wisdom will come
when you are honed by experience.

But who am I to name the direction in which your paws
will take you? The spirit allies of our tribe know you as well
as you know yourself. Look within, and your totem will
meet your gaze.

Owl

Great Owl is a most selective guardian, and admits only
the wisest into his broods. Is it any wonder that we have
access to secrets of which even the Stargazers and Uktena
know nothing?

We are as one with Owl because that is the way things

should be. Tell me, do you know of any &

cestors is with us.

of us who have walked the paths of tf
eyes reflect all things, and yet he keefy
few. He is master of the night and
through it.
My first pack ran under Owl's protectiviagy
us his eyes, and I saw countless things I would
otherwise seen. He lent us his quiet, and J ran swift : as
lightning, the sounds of my passing as soft as a lazy snowfall.

Chapter Two: Shared Roads

And he lent us his wings, and in the Umbra, I flew. Now I
serve a different totem, but I am still a Silent Strider. My
heart will always be dedicated to Owl, and I shall always
remember.

Jbis

Ibis is a wise and perceptive bird, and he remembers
much. We remember his old name of Tehuti, and he graces
us with his stories of the past. Ibis holds the power of
memory, w faxes with Crocodile, and holds the
power of nts us long memories and strong

minds; his wing over our thoughts and lend them
homage to Ibis, and he will

Even we have
Crocodile, the |; fi

tié anger is pure and
Sebek, as it is by this name
knew him. Cggcodile has
y slights dorgto him or
may disdain you if you

terrible. He
that our a
a long me
his children. A
ally yourself

a most... unug

teaches pati
builder, and a
fortresses. Al

follow Khep
diligence thafnp

We Striders speak*With Totettt®*6fwrsddm even more
enigmatic than Owl or Ibis. One such is Sphinx.

Some years ago in Mexico, my pack was pursued by Black
Spiral Dancers. We slipped into the Umbra and scattered,
the better to avoid our enemies. I myself ran deep into the
ausing neither for food nor rest. [ had no idea
this day, I could not show you the paths
ime upon a scene from the land of Khem

jer tunnels cary bring down
patience. If ydu choose to
eiwill lend ydii such quiet
ill hinder gou.

toiled in the fields. Chariot-soldiers
one another, while spears sprouted
ks. The sun shone with cold light, while
d with fire. Then I saw a lion, with the face
ither man nor woman. Its gaze fell on me, and
a question sounded in my mind. "Are you lost, cub?"


ne A"

I awoke in the physical world, curled inside a forgotten
caern of the Uktena. The rest of my pack lay around me,
still asleep. I have been Sphinx's child ever since.

Csetse Fly

Each tribe has its lost and angry. And although most of
us spend our Rage in the full and furious way that Gaia
intended, a few bottle it up. These ones wither away to mere
skins covering hate and maliciousness, almost as bad as the
Wyrm-dancers we fight against.

The bitter ones sometimes call on Tsetse Fly. She's a
wise old totem, but she's spiteful. She embraces the Striders
that turn to her as if they were her grandchildren, as any
totem should. But she makes for a horrible, vindictive
crone of a grandmother. If anyone crosses one of her
adopted kin, she demands that her young ones repay the
offender in blood. Tsetse Fly may not be of the Wyrm, but
she's not a clean one. Best to avoid her and her grandchil-
dren, lest you wind up with a curse on your back simply for
failing to say "good evening" in a properly fawning tone.

Well, I've spoken my piece. Excuse me — I believe I'll
dance for a bit now.

Solitude in Nurnbers

Hey, cub, you waiting for Aset to get back? Don't bother;
she's pretty much done. Talking, at least.

Name's Lerli Moonless-Sky. Sit back, relax, I won't bite
you. Your traveling companion asked me to stop by and
have a few words with you. Always good to get more than
one perspective, you know. Besides, any one of us can only
talk for so long without getting antsy. Hope there's room in
that head for some more learning tonight, because I'm not
staying with you to answer more questions tomorrow morn-
ing.

Well, what do you know? You're an attentive one!
Good. Now, pass me a beer from that ice chest, and I'll share
some of what I've learned.

Kinfolk

Well, as you can see from our celebration here, even we
have Kinfolk. But our Kin are a lot fewer and farther
between than those of the other tribes. We are related to so
many bloodlines, so many ethnicities, you see — from Arab
and African to Indian and the rare Anglo. No Strider could
possibly keep track of all our blood relations, but we do our
best to remember who's wandering where.

And I do mean wandering! Our Kin are circus perform-
ers, vagabonds, nomads, grifters... our wandering habits
tub right off on them. At least we have something in
common. In fact, the best thing about circus Kin is that
they often keep wolves with them, as part of some act or
another. Oh, there are a few sedentary Kinfolk families as
well, but rumor has it they don't breed true quite as often.

W ah Ga ae


tt of our curse — I figure that's just pessi-

c groups we breed with, we're most
he Gypsies. No wonder — we're
ike me that's born into a Romani
history by remembering stories.
brary in your head than on your
bnly Kin, it feels something like

kindred spiri
family grows
It's a lot easier t
back. Even if a

family.

But I'll tell 1. For one, a Strider who's not
of the Blood w ated like any other gaje when
she comes calli low you to
marry into i

vampires
wlo, we call

Ms tor instance
with the deadj Watch out,
f sharing a cangpfire with a
jarou blood. Ajthough you
le you're with te kumpania,
fer you leave. No amount of
p hate betwe@p Garou and

them. Ands
~— don't so
cub, or you
Leech who
won't be comi
you'd better wat
family relationA

vampire.

The camps that have formed within our tribe aren't so
much societies or factions as they are mindsets. We're not
given to gathering frequently, soa camp isa philosophy you
agree with and carry out. You can still find allies among
members of your own camp, but you'll tend to only run into
them randomly. Old news, hey?

Harbingers

Well then. It would almost do them disrespect to toss out
their name and open up their philosophies just as a coroner
dissects a slab of cold meat. Anyway, you should learn a
thing or three about them, because one might save your life
someday.

Some say that the Harbingers were the first Garou to
take the Prophecy of the Phoenix seriously. They gathered
together, spoke words that none but the Harbingers re-
member, and split up to wander the far comers of the world.
There they found Wyrmsign, and began to carry the news
back. But the nearer they drew to the caerns of their
brothers, the more Wyrm-taint they noticed. In their
initial travels, they saw so much of the Wyrm's tracks that
they still aren't done telling the Garou of all the dark
places. I've also heard that they believe the Apocalypse
can't be staved off — but that Gaia, like Phoenix, will rise

again from the flames. And so their role is to help others
fight back the tendrils of the Wyrm. But most of all, they
bring hope.

Of course, these are just stories. The dead-certain truth
is that they're among the wisest of all Garou, and if one tells
you to jump, your feet had damn well better leave the
ground before she draws breath again.

A Harbinger Cautions

Your Caern Warder speaks falsely. The Wyrm is coiling at
your doorstep, and has its fangs in the hearts of your own Kin.
If you would cut it from their breasts, then go ye to the
campground upon the river and find the minions of the Wyrm
that rest there.

' Seekers

We're all Seekers, in some form or another. Human
society doesn't hold much for us; Garou society is just as
bad. So the only option left is to pack your bags and find
your own way.

Anold friend once told me that the mind carries far more
than a thousand broad backs. He wasa Seeker, of course. He
didn't need any journal or tape recorder to recall what he'd
learned — no, his memory was good enough for him. He
had most of the traits I've come to associate with the camp:
clever, resourceful, inquisitive and stubborn as all hell. If
you want to learn something specific, your best bet is to find
a Seeker. If she doesn't know it hergelf, she can tell you

but the Seckers hold the lore of what's

happening now.

A Seeker Reminisces —~

ned miserable

lents chased me all
horror story in
but I already

local chantry to do a little reading

the way to the Kuma Shan, whic.
and of itself. ['d 2 ufc
know the anstker, damintit.

The (Dis

I can't helfi
Their membe
down. The prob
This is somet
even so we sy

e bf or them to go.
yell used to, but
‘rs of the Rom
serve a home

rial Garou
move on.

em in some way. |
off the stale scent of
once you've shared

This eternal rejection must a
spent time among a few, and th
Harano. You don't smell itageg

Chapter Two: Shared Roads 31

OFA PS ET TR etteeiemey //,


i\

n:

Warten, we
~ ms
Se eee

v

‘x ee:

eee...

company with one for a month or so, you pick it up. They're
as morbid as they come. Maybe that's why they study all
about the Apocalypse. Like carrion crows, they watch for
the portents and croak out warnings to those who'll listen.
They always seem to be right. But the Final Days are
moving so quickly now, their advice always seems to be too
little, too late.

A Dispossessed Snarls

We have wandered long enough! Even the man-children of
Israel now have a home, and we faithful of Gaia must still
meander from caern to caern? No, I tell you, no.

You were wise to ally yourself with us. Once the Apocalypse
is at an end, then we shall have aland to call our own once more.
Of course, the sooner it begins, the sooner our victory shall
come. Here, listen to my plan...

Wayfarers

Now, these ones really raise my hackles. There's no place
for their breed of selfishness among our tribe. The very idea
of looking at our war as a profit opportunity — hrrr, the
Wayfarers need to grow up fast. Of course, that won't
happen any time soon. The other tribes want access to our
talents, but don't enjoy dealing with most of us. They
understand the Wayfarers, though. Greed isn't respectable,
but it is comprehensible. Your average Shadow Lord prob-
ably looks on the Wayfarers as cousins!

I have to admit they're a talented group. Once a Way-
farer gives you a guarantee that she'll run your message for
you, she'll do it. They avoid giving out guarantees, though,
unless they're certain the job is well within their skills.
Such assurances also cost extra.

There are actually a few in this camp who look on their
task as a duty and not a career. These runners ate an
honorable lot, and are said to have long-standing ties with
the magi. They'll even forego asking a fee, if they figure the
job's a good one that needs doing. Unfortunately, most
Wayfarers argue that they need to ask for payment, in
accordance with the "way things are." These folks argue
that just as you should offer chiminage to a spirit in
exchange for favors, you should present payment to a
Garou willing to do you a service. I figure this is going too
far.

A Wayfarer Bargains

Whoa! Easy there, friend. No need to get huffy. I'm just
following one of the oldest of Gaia's laws, y'know? It's pure and
simple. I'll drop that chunk of jade into the Abyss for you, and
you pass over that medicine pouch. I help you — you help me.
What could be fairer?


yy
Le

ae A"

Secret Societies

We're a solitary and taciturn lot. The other tribes never.

truly accept us, and we don't have enough of our own to
satisfy some of our children. So a few Striders start turning
inward, gathering with others and sharing their discontent.
The two most famous of these groups are hardly tolerated by
tribe elders. If anyone from these societies approaches you

about joining them, stall for time. Then when you've got (4...

your opportunity, run. Better to walk alone than waltz arm-
in-arm with a friend into the Wyrm's maw.

Eaters of the Dead

One of the most gruesome reasons that we're associated
with the dead is the Rite of Dormant Wisdom. Now, our
ancestors figured out fairly early that the brain is the seat of

knowledge. Thing is, they decided that by eating the brains .}/7 ~:

of humans, they could gain a measure of the humans'
knowledge. They were right.

Now, right after our exile, some of the more foresighted

elders saw that this rite was a sure way to open ourselves to.
the Wyrm. They declared the rite taboo, citing the Litany.
to back up their ruling. So we stopped — all of us, that is, -f

but the Eaters of the Dead. They kept on devouring human
brains, in even more secrecy this time. They've grown
learned over the centuries, but they've begun to smell
strange. If we find ong, we gift him with the Voice of the
Jackal, and warn higa t@ change his ways. Other tribes
would do worse.
They've been gef
tumors. They s#

preying on thé it efnpting to learn the secrets
behind vamp kfc aft influence. Of cofigse, once you
kill a vampiye fd Ldorpee returns tg the state it
should be ik, ggurally, the fmost knowl-
edgable vamfi Rl ones. Sofhese Leech-
Eaters basical immobilig them some

other way, at
still conscioy
ably agree tHat §

ins*while th@ Leeches are
era Whilep You'll prob-
"Cwéltgere learning

process.
An Eateh.Q

There, there py orst of your hiffting is behind
you now, yes? Oj p estgasy. I do apofpgize for what
I'm about to do, in fyou are going to participate
in one of the gragt ents. You might find it a bit

encountered Worse in your
own studies. Yéu sp about your type of magic
since the first time ! ik. Laish I could ask a few
questions of your Chantry mates, butte

gruesome, but Em!

respective kinds rather forbid it, don't they? Not to worry — the

Rite should do nicely.
Ah, here's my bone saw. Shall we?

Che Bitter Hex

Then there's the Bitter Hex. They keep their names
secret, but they don't hide their existence. The poison's
gotten into them pretty fierce. You see, the Hexers are so
ill-natured and spiteful at this point that they've taken it
upon themselves to avenge all the slights the Striders have
suffered over time. No, they aren't some violent terrorist
cell like some of those Fianna you occasionally hear about.
The Hexers' favorite weapon is the curse, the evil eye, the
bad mojo, the amria. Cross one of them and you're likely to
take a sending that'll twist your guts into knots and leave
you puking and feeble as a cub for a week. They're a
dangerous mob. They say they're acting on our behalf, but
with cousins like them...

A Hexer Snarls

So, the mighty conqueror has bested the mongrel Strider, has
he? Well, savor your victory this night, for you' ll know no peace
on any other. By my blood, spit and tears, I swear my Rage'll
drive you mad by the next moon. Pui!

Chapter Two: Shared Roads 33

Nn

\


A Note on Yames

Many Striders take on the names of ancient Egyp-
tian gods, goddesses and heroes when they assume
their heritage. However, names such as Osiris and
Anubis owe those forms to Greek invaders more than
to the original Egyptian forms. The Striders who keep
the oldest traditions alive prefer to use the original
names; a few of these es follow hereafter, as do
some old Egypsiag

Menu — Min

Nuit — Nut; the night

Wepwawet — the black wolf, opener of ways
Khem — Egypt; the lost homeland

Duat — the Umbra; the afterworld

Apep — The Wyrm, Apophis

Aten — Helios

Bennu — Phoenix

Breeds

Live with wolves, howl like a wolf.
— Russian proverb

Lupus

In the times of old Egypt, we had a strong lupus popula-
tion. Some say that we bred with the black jackals or wolves
of North Africa, the ones that you can only see today in
hieroglyphs and ancient paintings. Without our protec-
tion, they vanished. I sought after their spirits in the
Umbra, back when I was young. I never found them. Some
Theurges I've met claim to have found the lost ones' spirits,
but they're gone in the flesh. You can still see their features,
though; our purest-bred tribemates often resemble their
distant wolf ancestors.

Our lupus blood is much thinner now. We breed when
the opportunity is there (with quality mates, mind), but the
truth is we've few packs to call our own. Recently, though,
some of the packs have birthed wolf cubs that resemble our
lost kin, if only a little. Now most of us are willing to do
whatever we must, even bargaining with the Shadow Lords
and Get of Fentis, to gain hunting grounds for these wolves.
No tribe can survive losing its wolf blood. We have to
preserve our kin.

Metis

Sigh. We breed where and when we can; few of us have
the luxury of traveling with Kinfolk. [ won't burden you
with theories and excuses, but sometimes the partner you
never see again is Garou. And believe it or not, occasion-
ally we even fall in love with other werewolves. Anathema
though it may be, I'm sure you know how difficult it is to
deny your feelings.

What this is leading up to is that we havea healthy metis
population, so to speak. It's nothing we're proud of, but
Garou is Garou. Our metis pups have inherited fewer
blessings and a harder road than the rest of us, but they
don't deserve ill treatment for it.

Homid

What can I say about those of us who are human-born?
What baven't you guessed already?

Most homid cubs of our tribe don't grow up in what
Middle America would consider an "ideal family environ-
ment." The majority only ever know one parent; many
even believe themselves orphans until a Strider comes to
collect them. We homids are the most numerous Garou,
and at the same time those born farthest from Gaia's
mysteries. Perhaps this is why we Striders choose outsiders,
nomads and recluses as our human mates. The children
born to such lifestyles begin life free of many of civilization's
conventions. They don't grow up slaves to materialism and
scientific rationality, and so theig"Qarou nature comes
easier to them. .F

Yes, loneliness also comes easier)
better prepared to deal with solit
solace of numbers (and many of
consolation), nor a true home
learning.

The fitan

older even thanthe pharoahg
Sumer. Not all 6f the Litag
must respect its futhst
in your heart.

That said, yow#R
The Litany canjjot foresee theii

chem... us. Bur we're
"We do not offer the

ould also realize thatiggthing is perfect.
fe Sftuations that we

encounter just ky being alive. The vastly different
than it was in thi§days of the Impergiu man society has
evolved to a poifit where it would be unrecognizable to our

Sjlver Fangs and the
haf the Litany is invio-
‘with them, smile, nod
ey'll either assume
our silence. Neither

ancestors. I'm ¢ijre that the hodr\
Fianna lorekeepidrs would tell you
late; if the subjept ever comes y
quietly and say gbsolutely noth
you agree, or the'll be driven;
is that bad an option.

34 Silent Striders

Y aia TY

aon ©


Garou Shall Mot Mate With

Garou

Pll be honest with you: It gets lonely on the road.
Sometimes you'll find yourself being — well, a little less
careful than you could be. We Striders accept this, but
other tribes often won't be as understanding. Still, for all
the intolerance and condemnations, a lot of Strider metis
have the blood of a second tribe in their veins.

Combat the Wyrm
Wherever Jt Dwells and
Whenever Jt Breeds

Common sense forbids that we follow this rule to the
letter. We're far more useful to Gaia if we find all the places
where the Wyrm dwells and breeds, and then let the local
Garou know what they're overlooking. Somebody's got to
point out the soft underbelly to the Ahrouns, right? We're
scouts, not shocktroopers — let those full of piss and
hellfire do the bulk of the killing. Our task is just as vital.

Respect the Territory of Another

Ahem. We can't exactly keep to our own lands, can we?
If you go looking for truth under every stone and carrying

—

Chapter Two: Shared Roads

re

news from sept to sept, you're going to end up crossing
somebody's territory without permission. Many Garou shrug
their shoulders and let us pass; they know we're not exactly
looking to move in. The rest are considerably less under-
standing. My advice is to run quietly, cub; what they don't
know can't hurt them, at least in this case.

Accept an Honorable Surrender

Most Garou would rather be throated than yield to a
Silent Strider, so "honorable" surrenders are few and far
between. Still, it's a good rule, and one that should be
upheld. We werewolves aren't getting any more com-
mon....

Submission to Chose
of Higher Station

Respect your elders, cub. They've been places you can't
imagine and have outrun things you wouldn't believe. Most
importantly, they know things. And the only way they'll
share their learning is if you treat them with respect! Now,
I'm not saying you have to offer your throat to every senile
Silver Fang who's feeling testy and imperious, but you
should always watch your elders carefully. Pretty soon,
you'll figure out who's full of hot wind and who's got the
wisdom you'd damn well better attend to.

Why yes, cub, I'd love another beer. Thoughtful of you
to ask.

The First Share of the Kill
to the Greatest in Station

This is sheer courtesy, and a right-thinking leader will
keep the loyalty of his packmates in mind. Some among us
tend to pocket certain goods taken from fallen enemies, not
bothering to let their elders know. This goes double for
valuable information: coded messages, maps and the like. I
don't know about the other tribes, but if I found out one of
my packmates was keeping secrets from me, I know I'd be
downright enraged. Something to think about.

Ve Shall Not Eat
the Flesh of Humans

We're not one of the tribes that frequently gets carried
away with bloodlust. Now, I said before that we used to
ritually devour humans to gain their strength and knowl-
edge. From what I know, it's true, but that doesn't make it
acceptable. Humans and wolves are not prey animals for

Garou, and that should be the end of that.


Respect for Those Beneath Ve
— All Are of Gaia

You are our future. If you live long enough to see your
own cubs draw breath, you'll understand. We're bound to
instruct you just as you're bound to obey us. Extend respect
both above and below, and you'll be all the better for it.

The Deil Shall Not Be Lifted

This is pure common sense. Life's difficult enough with-
out the rank-and-file of humanity learning we exist. It
doesn't matter how long you're going to be in a given place
— do not let the locals find out about your true nature.

This even applies to the Gypsies, most of the time. Some
families know of our existence and are Kinfolk like any
other. If you're of the Blood, then they'll never speak of
your nature to the gaje. But there's no harm in keeping a few
secrets to yourself, hey?

(Do Not Suffer Thy People
| to Tend Thy Sickness

If I were too weak to run, I wouldn't want to live any
longer. In this, the old ways are best. Perhaps in death we'll
all find our homeland at last.

J The Leader May Be Challenged
at Any Time (During Peace

If the leader is being a fool, he forfeits his right to lead.
No self-respecting Silent Strider follows an idiot. If you
can't beat him in gamecraft, a facedown or battle (and
remember that he'll choose which!), then maybe you
should think about leaving.


ne A

The Leader May Not Be
Challenged at Any Time
(During War

I can see the point of this tenet, but it has its limits. The
leader whose reason has slipped, as I said, is no leader at all.
True, all must be ready to sacrifice themselves for Gaia. Just
remember that as a Strider, you won't be able to return to
aid your descendants. A pointless death is the worst fate we
can suffer.

Ye Shall Cake No Action That
Causes a Caern to Be Violated

There are some among us who resent the fact that other
tribes have more caerns than we do. Therefore, if they don't
have an equal share of a Garou holy place, they don't give
a damn about guarding it. Listen! Not even the Shadow
Lords let the Wyrm into our midst! Those Harano-taken
fools say we've already lost everything. Well, violate this
tenet of the Litany and you'll appreciate just what you have
left —- before we take it from you.

(Departure

Looks like Aset and I've talked your ear off for the better
part of the night. Still, there's some light in your eyes yet.
Think you'll remember what you've been told? Good. A
strong memory's worth more than any human gold or
Garou fetish. If you can remember well and true, then you
take any road you walk down, any caern you visit, along
with you on your travels. Lacking a land to ourselves, we do
our best to own the world.

Easy there — don't fall over! Tired, are you? Well, lay
your head on this blanket, and close your eyes for a while.
May your rest be quiet and dreamless, for your waking hours
are going to be full of speed and fury. .

Give me a kiss for the road, and to sleep with you.

WY a) Ga me



I am half inclined to think we are all ghosts, Mr. Manders.
Itis not only what we have inherited from our fathers that exists
again in us, but all sorts of old dead ideas and all kinds of old dead
beliefs and things of that kind,,,They are not actually alive in us;
but there they are dorman e same, and we can never be
rid of them.... There myst.bg} hosts all over the world. They
must be as countles -of the sands, it seems to me. And
we are so miserably aff. the light, all of us.

one of those skeletal Mouse-spirits, you're going to cause

_ So, did you enjoy yourself last night? That é rli's a
some offense. t

looking Strider, she is. Clever, too, which coy
as much. Had I the time...
Never mind that. You're now due for the las
education: learning about the world and your
say this is the best part of all. For one, it never en
day you spend breathing Gaia's air, drinking H
a day you spend collecting knowledge. Gather y friends. Come to visit an old Ragabash in
every night, and you're richer than Solomon b ays? Heh. Never thought I'd last long enough
the year. | to see myself;an authority figure, much less an honored
| counselor.

\Come on then; let's cross over to the Umbra. I'll go
Stowly for theffirst of it.

Right. I'll bring you before one more Strid
thing to say. He's tired of treading physical r
I've seen it hit Striders before — you get tired d
home of your own in this realm, so you go in
and never come out again. A Harano all ouro
say. As if we needed another kind.

Oh, and be sure to watch where you walk y
his territory. The Twice-Born are always com
bringing him news and listening to his tales.

But you'vé.come to ask about the wide world, and what
(I've seen, eh @Well, I must admit I've been more places than
‘most peoplefshapeshifters and spirits in all of Gaia. So
tisten carefulfy, cub. Since you'll be traveling these roads,
ike it or now you'll be wanting to know where they lead.
Remembet, first and foremost, that you won't be heartily
|comed Wherever you go. Many septs respect us and what
e-agYe-to say; many more don't. Human society can be

Chapter Three: Ten Thousand Leagues 39

OFA PS TS TR teenie, //,


ne A"

even worse, which is a shame because their libraries, com-
puters and storytellers have a lot of information that you'll
be wanting to carry away.

Travel. Watch quietly. Offer advice when it's invited;
hurl the truth in their faces when it's not. Make friends and
allies where youcan. And always note the quickest way out.

Africa

If any Garou has business in Africa, we do. Some Bone
Gnawers eke out a living there, just as they do anywhere,
and a few Glass Wakes occugf the cities, but only we can
truly walk the wild pla ‘ ofA frica.

Even then, we hafe butts i undaries. What few Children
of Cat survive don't ¥e 1¢ Garou to their plains, jungles
and savannahs, and Xe ( ylldren of Crocodile make river

(7

travel a risky thing. Wiifst of all, we're still barred from

Egypt by the hand al that those who try to settle
there have acre eon them in the night, one
that leaves them ¥ Md lifeless for the morning sun.

Some Harbinge gomeday th be will be a reckon-
ing, but most of iy ing co fHonly happen if we
survive to the lagititjarthes of u#@4A pogplypse.
sae ae es

Still, you mi Wa oawell go Ah¢ ruins and plains of
North Africa. There thuth to ledrn there, and many
memories that Wait Ao ba femeltfbered again. We have
scattered villagds aff
in their veins. If
new Garou intoftige World

on

visit this land. a

aand Wendigo on one side and
the Silver Fangs leadjngtlje Europeans on the other, there's
little room to lie doviggigt a nap. But there are still plenty
of back roads crisscropsifig the continents. That's where we
spend most of our time.

Oh, there's plenty to be done in the Americas. For
instance, some tribes say the Amazon is the decisive battle-
field of the Apocalypse. Whoever wins there, wins forever.
Not necessarily true, but it does point out how important
the rainforests are. Then there are the "Pure Tribes." They
have a thousand thousand restless ancestors wailing at their
heels, and they're not quite sure what to do to placate their
kin's ghosts. We might be able to advise them — if they let
us. And don't forget that Industrial America's so filled with
the Wyrm's toxins and bureaucrats, you could spend ten
lifetimes fighting and make only a tiny mark.

The Americas are fairly young countries by most stan-
dards, and the newest to us. But they have their secrets, just
like any place does.

Az nt a

ors

'
‘
.
i
i
5
,
"
‘
y
+


a

curope .

We have few
few if any caern|
Germany and Easté
so to protect our

The struggle to
it's worth, even J
Silver Fangs viefor the Ng
the Shadow Log
continent; her
piece.
Asia

India's cities
there are countle
of us are of Indi
for Asian news
Garou territory,
particularly since

That doesn't mean ¥
tory, but you do have

s of Europe. We also have
sies are still unwelcome in
so if we go there at all, we do
in. ;

| urope would cost far more than

Australia ©
You'd think the O7Woul@be the ideal place for us. Open,

dusty roads, miles and miles between towns... Well, it's a
lot more than it seems. There's no land more haunted than
Australia, and the worst part of it is that we're responsible
for the ghosts. We scouted the outback for our allies, and
opened the way for the War of Tears. If you're the sensitive
sort, they say, you can sometimes feel the blood on the red
dirt under your paws.

Still, we've an obligation there. The ghosts of the Bunyip
must be placated, and these days nobody walks the
Dreamtime better than we do. Once you're fit and have a
number of miles under your feet, go to Australia and find
the Strider Circus. There are far worse ways to spend time
and effort than trying to find any Bunyip who survive in the
Dreamtime. A fool's quest? Only for those who cannot look

ahead.

Che Umbra

Well, look around you. It's not the most hospitable of
realms, but then, neither is the physical world.

I've been back and forth across the spirit world, just like
the physical. Parts of it are utter hell — literally — others
are the kind of paradise that could make you forget the wolf.
At any given time, there's probably one of us in any
particular Realm you'd care to mention.

Once you've gotten accustomed to your place in Garou
society, I recommend you go on walkabout in the Umbra

for atime. It'll broaden your mind better than anything. It's
also a fine place to meet new and interesting friends — and
enemies.

The Dark Umbra

We still remember the "darkest road," too. But I'll tell
you, the Dark Umbra's a dangerous place to go. It's nothing
like the Duat we remember. No, the spirits of those who die
unfulfilled inherit an afterworld that's a far cry froma green
and vibrant paradise. If the Duat lies somewhere in the
Dark Umbra, I've never seen it.

Down there, the ghosts have their own society. It's some
sort of colossal empire, forged out of the souls of the weak
or criminal. And the empire's in chaos. This howling stuff
called the Tempest wails around the lands of the dead,
sucking the careless down into it. As far as I know, it's
impossible to swim in that phantasmal whirlpool — Owl
himself would have to get you out if you fell in. I hear that
the bottom of the Tempest is just one more of the Wyrm's
hungry mouths.

But if you can avoid the Bane-ghosts they call Spectres,
and find your way through that gray pit, you can talk to
people dead a long time. The temptation of such knowl-
edge, of learning the secrets of the past from those who
lived it... powerful stuff. But don't go looking for the ghosts
of your family — there's nothing but grief in that.

A few of our Galliards visit the Dark Umbra to listen to
the songs of the dead. I have to say that their howls are
never again the same.

Among the

There just aren't enough of us
we join intertribal packs. List
on another tribe's hospitality
count. So you're best off know
give a little bowZand whe

gund. That's why
pul're going to rely
es than you can
ko smile, when to

They don't understand on't even try.
But you should jnake the | nd them.
Black Furies

| th@re's no denying
pur qhales as with our
anal relationship
ooking out for
awson. They're

They're a gr
that they're n¢
females. Still, % bt
with the Furie} You see, thay.
whatever "lost ¢] | pasures" they at

great hands atidrchaeology, byt\md

around much -4 they take thefr faefn guardianship very
seriously. | ]
That's wherdjve come in. Our thibgs have been partners

in the arcane angi mysterious for.qyit¢ some time. You have
to put up with a lot of holi ou "Goddess talk"
when you deal with Furie the Wyrm's on the

march, they're as brave and ferocious as you could ask for.

Chapter Three: Ten Thousand Leagues 41

ne


Le

@one Gnawers

Although He}, don't look iff the Gnawers are privy to
many more s than som@believe. They're close to the
underbelly of eh and #5arou society alike, and more
than one gets a he y recruiters for the Wyrm. Now,

c of companions — you have to
s to one side if you want to deal
but if you're ever in the

set your more raf
mood for mac

ask about the
fond of.

to fight.
Fianna

about bringing up
catch one while he

a bit with practicallptto-prodding.
Get of Fenris

Oh, they're a charming crew. They consider themselves
superior to all other Garou — "at least we've kept our blood
and homeland true," they argue. Naturally, they don't care
for a raggletaggle Gypsy-blooded tribe, particularly one
that seems to know more than they do. Fine! We don't have
to live next to them, and if their Kin would just quit
pestering ours, we could get along wonderfully.

In the times to come, they'll surely tear the Wyrm a new
hole, but die to the last in the process. Berserkers that they
are, they'll love every second of it.

Glass Walkers

Very clever, very adaptable Garou. You have to respect
their ability to keep pace with time. Human society has
become an excellent resource for them, even if they have
all but lost their wolf blood. I don't think I'd care to bind my
freedom into the Pattern Web, but they're certainly en-
titled to their choice.

Red Talons

We value the homids among us, and therefore we are
unfit in the eyes of the Talons. Oh well. They're fierce and
straightforward, which are good things. But they're so

‘and curious, you can learn quite

impossibly short-sighted that there's really no point in
explaining yourself to them.

Shadow Lords

They've had their unblinking hungry gaze on the Silver
Throne so long, their eyes are watering fit to blind them. If
they'd take one quarter the effort they waste. on their
politicking and spend it on the crisis at hand, they'd
actually be pulling their own weight. As is, they're pretty
damn troublesome. Half as clever as they think and twice

as thick-headed as we'd like — that's the Shadow Lords for

you.

Silver Fangs

Every wolf pack has an alpha, but is there a King Pack
who rules all other packs? Has human government ever
clearly benefited from the control of a group whose mem-
bers are elite only by blood? Have the Silver Fangs reigned
justly and well? Were they right in the War of Rage, in the
Impergium, in the War of Tears?

You see? Some questions you just can't answer.

Stargazers

Wise fellows, even if they do spend: too much time
contemplating the insides of their eyelids. They've a fine
touch for gamecraft and they're creative thinkers, but they
don't concern themselves enough with the here-and-now.
And this from the lips of a Strider, no less!

If they focused on wh
may be, we'd call them sibli
enough time to refine their phite
settled on what they believ
anybody any good when th

Uktena

: Uktena. We can see
hirst for knowl-

edge. However, we'r art from our
cousins. Thé shouldn't be
walking. |

See, I wohder if he tribes that
aren't native urage them to
become th s went tearing
through th ried secrets, I
figure it char scramble among

some hex tha
[hope they c
process.

fangs, angry as the
the... well, the

Croatan. You fi9¥€"to"ddmire"them, because they'll com-

Silent Striders

Ee


yy

ee A"

promise nothing when they know they're in the right —
and they're in the right a lot more than you might think.
Funny thing is, they're almost in the same boat as we are.
‘Course, there's still a chance for them to take their home-
land back. I sincerely wish them luck. I just hope they'll be
able to set aside their territorial concerns and join in the
battle when the Wyrm makes to swallow the sun.

The Others

When you wander into as many shadowy corners as we
do, you soon realize that you aren't alone. I think we're the
tribe that's had the most dealings, bad or good, with what
humans call "the supernatural." Our "relations" are an-
other side effect of our meandering into other people's
territories. It's just that every territory is usually claimed by
multiple factions, some of which aren't Garou. Think
about that before you next jump into a major city's culture
centers.

The Changing Breeds

You know that there are others who wear shifting skins.
Many are still our enemies, but we are trying to make peace
with a few. The Children of Crocodile, in particular,
despise all Garou for the thoughtless rage of our cousins.
Sometimes one will agree to speak with a lone werewolf,
but I wouldn't bring your pack to its river.

There are many Tribes of Cat, of which only a fistful
won't treat us as blood foes. In particular, the Bubasti
sometimes offer to exchange lore and wisdom. Such trades
usually fail, though; they're unwilling to offer their most
prized secrets, as are we. Recently, there's been an odd scent
to them and their dealings. If you ever converse with one of
these Egyptian cat-shifters, be careful with your words.

Wraiths

Our connection with the Restless Dead ruris deep and
true throughout our past. We were the openers of the ways
since the first times, the guides of the dead. But when we
were exiled, we were cut off from our duty. Necessity
demanded that we look after ourselves first, and worry
about the dead when we could.

Now you see, wraiths are those who die with something
unresolved. It could be an unavenged murder, a need to
look after an impoverished mother, or even a lasting hatred
for all things human. In the old times, we helped people
work things through both in life and death. There were
fewer wraiths that way — at least where we lived. Now
we're tied to an old duty, and we don't have time nor
opportunity to do it proper justice these days. Not that the
wraiths know that.

So watch out when you step sideways. If you get caught
between worlds, the Restless may find you. When they do,
they'll usually beseech you to act as their hands in the

Wi a [cw see


+H
|
dist {

Pitiift
a

)
Jt}

ig

t
bd

We tb \

physical world. Most of their requests are fairly harmless.
But be careful what you agree to! Sometimes one'll want
you to kill a blameless woman, just because he figures she
wronged him. Sometimes their demands are even worse.

Dampires

Hrrr. Pil avoid speaking of Set; by now you should know
enough about him and his children. His bastard lineage of
Leeches that build temples to him and flock to the foulest
parts of man's cities —I hold them responsible for polluting
the name of Iart the cobra to human ears. Never trust a
Follower of Set — they're as ancient and dire an enemy as
ever we'll have. But there are more breeds of undead than
Set's whelps. Be careful, now, because you can find them

wherever you find se, doesn't
it?

Many vampire mand shows of
emotion, tryi i phow wretched
their unliving? 'o who believed

Glass Walkers,

wrong side of a #
remember, cub: 34

Perhaps soon
of the greatest $
you travel to thy
Dancers there

Wind, ask the Moon
les and her war on the
it, they sang of how she
A creature who was once

freezes my Jlpy e
Buries-thef#ed ive never dull!

Sometimes when you're running in the Umbra, you
come across somebody who doesn't seem to belong. As
often as not, it's a human that has mastered some form of
magick. I tend to avoid the magi, since you never can tell
how they'll react. Some of them gleefully embrace the
Weaver and its choking technology; others seem born of
the Wyld itself. Still others are loyal to the Wyrm. They
choose their own paths; granting them any measure of
mercy would be pointless and foolish.

Oh, and even be careful of the ones who seem to be on
your side. Their Naming powers rely on nothing less than
changing parts of Gaia's being, and that tends to make Her
shift in Her sleep. The fallout gets nasty.

tania //

Mummies

Be careful who you repeat this to, but there are a number
of humans who have gained the secret of eternal life. We
should know; it happened in our lands. These folk are
called mummies, although they look nothing like the film
versions. Some are our friends, others our enemies.

They say the only way to kill one for certain is to slay its
physical body, then pursue its two-part soul in the Dark
Umbra and kill the spirit there. This strikes me as opti-
mism. ,

Know, too, that Set has created his own bestial versions
of these creatures. We gave them the name Bane Mummies
when we first saw them, and no better name has arisen
since. They're corrupted without and within, like twisted,
immortal fomori. We harry them when we find them and
destroy their bodies when we can. We have yet to slay one
in both the material world and the Dark Umbra, but we'll
keep on trying.

Chapter Three: Ten Thousand Leagues
ann. 4a ee

Vda

The Fae

Although there's truth in the Fianna tales of the fae, you
shouldn't concern yourself much with currying the Old
Folk's favor. They can smell the touch of death on us, and
they avoid us for it. From what I've heard, all they own is
built of the dreamstuff born from celebrating life. We would
make sorry companions for them.

The Forked Path

Well, looks like here's where you finally set out on your
own. We've told you the barest of secrets; the rest is left to
you. Just try to stay alive. You've the weight of our history
on your shoulders, but it's not unbearable. Remember, and
be strong and fleet.

Run swift and light over your roads, friend, and may we
meet and share tales again before the final battle.



pendix On
~ Souvenirs

in mockery of the role they played in Pharaonic Egypt.
Accordingly, whenever a Strider botches a roll to enter or
exit the Umbra, she gains a ghostly haunter while caught
between the worlds. This wraith is not always malevolent
‘(though it often is), but usually demands a service of the
| is .it leaves her in peace.

a H = Clever Stifdtrs can actually bargain with these departed

At not bne way in which Striders become privy to

Cribal Weaknesses
(Optional)

An optional rule was introduced in the
tribebook: tribal weaknesses. These are q

always be enforced. There are some rare situgtio}
a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher diffi

rolls. Exceptions to the weakness are rare,

mgce (ustally the area of a state, county or similar

Weaver-stuff, but may fall in love with a Gl
feel affection toward the "Urrah."

}

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these' 5 . -
appropriate situation occurs in the game. Afte al dgizye

may be unwilling to remind the Storyteller that hy
curiosity may get her into trouble.

Silent Strider Weakness

Haunted

Because of the ancient curse laid upon thefn |
Striders are doomed to be haunted by the spirits 0

one hour per point of Stamina. Gifts improving move-
t are calculated from the new speed. Thus, possession
of this Merit and movement-improving Gifts allows you to
travel at amazing velocity.

Appendix One: Souvenirs


ne A"

Noted Messenger (3 pt. Garou Ties
Merit)

Your reputation as a reliable and uncorruptible messen-
ger precedes you. You can enter most septs unchallenged,
as long as you have a message for someone residing there. In
addition, few Garou will attempt to hinder you in your
duties, and most will let you cross their territories unmo-
lested. However, the mere word of your presence will
sometimes stir up rumor and intrigue, as the locals wonder
what message it is that you carry.

Freak Magnet
(4 pt. Supernatural Flaw)

You attract the very worst sorts of ghosts. Thus, when
your "Haunted" weakness comes into play, the ghost at-
tracted to you is always a Spectre (see Wraith: The
Oblivion). For those of you without Wraith: The Oblivion,
a Spectre is the absolute nastiest kind of ghost — for all
practical purposes a powerful Bane —~ that will either seek
to do you physical or psychological harm or corrupt you
into ruin.

Strider Communication

The Silent Striders have developed several alternate
methods of communication through the years. The wisest
and best-traveled among the tribe are familiar with many
forms of trail markings, the Strider language of colors
(derived from Ancient Egypt's symbolism, not that of
Western culture) and the dance-tales of the Pakiv Swatura.

Silent Strider characters who devote one dot of Linguis-
tics to "Strider Communication" should be considered
fluent in all these means of speech without speech. Char-
acters of other tribes should be allowed to learn these
methods only with the Storyteller's explicit permission;
secret speech becomes worthless if it is explained to every
friend or ally a Strider may pick up.

Even those who haven't learned these "languages" can
occasionally glean some meaning from them. Any who
watch a practiced dancer perform the Pakiv Swatura can
roughly understand the story by successfully rolling Percep-
tion + Expression (difficulty 7). Similarly, a Garou can
sometimes interpret Strider trail markings, although they
will almost always miss the subtleties. (Roll Perception +
Enigmas, difficulty 9,to read a trail marking.)

e
Gitts
¢ Tread Sebek's Back (Level Two) — A Silent Strider
may call on the river to support her steps. By activating this
Gift, a Strider may walk or run across water or other liquids.
However, her feet are not protected — running across a pit
of Wyrm-toxin is still a hazardous enterprise. Some Striders
hy are rumored to have crossed seas by use of this Gift. It is
taught by a Crocodile- or Basilisk-spirit.

48

WH as Ga es ee

{

av

a=

Ta

System: The Strider spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Dexterity + Survival (difficulty 7). Each success allows her
to travel across water as if it were open ground for an hour.

e Eyes of Ma'at (Level Three) — When a Strider

invokes the power of ma' at itself, she may discern levels of
truth invisible to even the canniest investigators. With
this Gift, she may perceive innocence and truth,
should they reside in the breasts of those she encoun-

ters. This Gift is taught by an Ibis- or Baboon-spirit.
System: This Gift acts much as the Philodox Gift:

Truth of Gaia. However, the Garou may make a Percep-
tion + Empathy roll to determine the nature of any truths
or lies the target may speak. ("Please, no, I never set foot
inside her house!" "That is true, but you forced the door
open so that your companions could enter. The guilt is

plain and written on your heart.")

¢ Dam the Heartflood (Level Four) — No tribe loathes
the blight of vampires more than the Silent Striders. By
using this Gift, a Strider may block the flow of blood in a
vampire's veins, preventing him from using any supernatu-
ral powers tied to the blood. This Gift is taught by Cobra-
spirits, who resent being viewed as a symbol of Set.

System: This Gift can only be used on a supernatural
creature with a Blood Pool who gains power from that blood
(vampires, ghouls, etc. —- even Ananasi). The Garou
spends a Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + Medicine
(difficulty of the target's Willpower). Each success prevents
the target from spending any Blood Points, for whatever
purpose, fora full turn. A Garou may only use this Gift once
per scene against a given target, but multiple Garou may use
this Gift on a target once each. Strider Packs armed with
this Gift are among the fiercest Leech-slayers known to the
Garou.

* Invocation of the Pharaoh (Level Five) — This awe-
inspiring Gift is only available to the greatest Strider
heroes. The Strider must be in Homid form, must spend a
Gnosis and a Willpower point, and must enact a 10-minute
chant to the greatest of ancient Egyptian spirits. Once this
is done, the Garou expands and grows, becoming a giant
similar to the depictions of pharaohs on mastabas and
sarcophagi. This Gift is taught by Sphinx.

System: The Garou grows to a height of nearly eight
feet, but otherwise remains in Homid form. The Garou
gains the Physical Attributes of a Crinos, but loses no
Social Attributes; indeed, the Garou's Charisma and Ma-
nipulation are treated as 6 when making Leadership or
Intimidation rolls. A Garou in Pharaoh form does not
inflict aggravated damage, but adds one to all Brawl and
Melee damage inflicted against Wyrm-foes (or adds two
when facing Followers of Set). The Garou regenerates as a
Crinos, but is invulnerable to silver and cannot frenzy.
Essentially, the Pharaoh form combines the best of both
- Homid and Crinos forms. This form lasts for one scene.


_ touch a target; the ti

Eaters of the Dead Gift

¢ Touch of D (Level Four) — The Garou can

hen receive a premonition of

his own death, a$"if.sormt ‘walked on his grave." The

G kabtthe page 1 combat acti
arou must toh the tayget{normal combat action),

spend two Gnosigjeints, an&g6lh\Manipulation + Occult
ber of ss
uf

(difficulty 8). Th ebatrber of sugééskes is the number of dice
removed from the\karBe t's physifal Trait Dice Pool (allo-

nm); (Reelost dice are "healed" as if
jufids, Yhe Gagbu will not know

cated by the Storytélte

they were aggravateg, »
what the target 5 i
afterward, but ti
white thereaftgy/
target — evegiyy

Harbinge —

® Troubleseeker (Lév fl d) — The Harbingers are
noted for their intuitivg ability fo find trouble or Wyrm-
corruption, no matter hpw well/hidden. They sometimes
appear from nowhere, ju§t "happening across" some prob-
lem or threat. This Gift\allows a Harbinger to discover
trouble without really searfhing for it —he just starts down
a road and sees where it takesfhim. Almost invariably, his
path crosses some threatthatjneeds seeing to.

System: The Harbinger jolls Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty 8). Success indjcafes that his travels will indi-
rectly but quickly take him]to a "trouble spot" of some
gravity. Multiple successes{gn the-roll allow the Harbinger
to discover more dangerous or subtly hidden threats, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

Rites

Descent into the Dark Umbra
(Mystic)

Level Three

Most Umbra-traveling Garou journey through the spirit
world: the area mages refer to as the Middle Umbra. This
sinister rite enables Silent Striders to cross into the world
of the Dead: the Dark Umbra.

The Strider must sacrifice a living creature (usually an
animal, though there are rumors...) and make an Intelli-
gence + Rituals roll (difficulty 7). She must then make a
normal roll to enter the Umbra. If both rolls succeed, the
Garou enters the Underworld (see Wraith: The Oblivion
for details of this frightening place). If she botches the rite,
she becomes stuck sideways between the physical world

and the Dark Umbra.

Rite of Dormant Wisdom (Mystic)

Level Four

This forbidden rite is known only to the Eaters of the
Dead. The practitioner and his aides may gain the knowl-

Will not remember
Il be streaked with
ofly once on a given
ole by a\Death-spirit.

edge and memories of a dead person by ritually devouring
the deceased's brain. The corpse can be long dead, as long
as the brain hasn't fully decomposed. Those participating
in the rite must roll Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 9).
The number of successes determines how complete the
memory transference is: one indicates that the Eater gains
the dead one's most recent memories, while five confers
total life memories. No special abilities (Disciplines, Gifts,
or the like) can be learned from this rite, but the Eater may
learn any number of passwords or occult knowledge.

However, the Wyrm's touch is on this rite. If the rite is
practiced more times than the character has Gnosis, then
the character will become wholly of the Wyrm, servant of
Foebok, Urge Wyrm of Fear. A botch will also destroy the
character's mind, making him an insane slave to the Wyrm.

If the ritemaster and his aides each spend a permanent
Gnosis point, they may perform this rite on a Garou or
mummy. The rite also works on immobilized or torporous
vampires, although cutting into a Leech's cranium will
certainly awaken it.

Fetishes
CD' siah

Level 3, Gnosis 4

Certain Silent Strider Theurges carry d'siah, the
"blades of the moon." These ritual flint blades are
carved into the shape of the crescent moon, and are
used against Banes and other evil spirits. They inflict —
Strength + 1 damage (difficulty 5 to hit); against
Wyrm-tainted creatures, the wounds are aggravated.
Each successful strike also drains one Gnosis point
from the foe. The d'siah are particularly effective
against serpentlike enemies or even the vampiric
Followers of Set; when striking these foes, the
d'siah inflicts Strength + 4 damage, all aggra-
vated.

50 Silent Striders

FL Pe TT ieee /,


Sarcophagus of Anpw

Level 3, Gnosis 4

This item is used by Striders who know they will be
facing vampires, particularly Followers of Set. The user
sleeps in the sarcophagus for eight hours and spends a
Gnosis point. Upon rising, the Strider is effectively
"dead" for the following 24 hours. She is unaf-
fected by supernatural powers designed spe-
cifically to affect mortals (Eyes of the
Serpent becomes much less useful
when used against dead things).
The Garou is unaffected by ill-
nesses, heart seizures and the
like (including
Thaumaturgical spells de-
signed to simulate such
things). Because her pain
receptors are dulled,
wound penalties are re-
duced by one. Also, since
she is partially dead, all
difficulties to enter the Dark
Umbra are reduced by one. Fi-
nally, the Strider's blood tastes
clotted and foul, like the blood
of the Risen; vampires seeking to
drain the Strider must succeed in
a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) or
immediately gag up any blood
imbibed.

Note that this "life-in-death"
state is extremely unnatural;
Garou only use this item in emer-
gencies. Garou who make exces-
sive use of the Sarcophagus may well
cross permanently into the realms of

the dead.

Cheops' Brick

Level 4, Gnosis 5

This brick did not actually come
from the pyramid of Cheops, but the
name hasstuck. Inany event, Cheops'
Brick, when placed in the center of
a campsite which is then warded
against evil by a competent Theurge (Rank
2+, Rituals Knowledge 3+, one hour's time to
draw the warding glyphs), will manifest a mystical
field warding against creatures of the Wyrm (in-
cluding Followers of Set). Such creatures must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to penetrate the ward and must
subtract two from all Dice Pools if they do penetrate it.

Mask of the Assanbonam

Level 4, Gnosis 5

This interesting fetish was brought back by Strider
travelers to sub-Saharan Africa. It is an oblong ebony mask
carved in the shape of a leering demonic visage. Its power

may only be invoked on a moonless night.
The mask allows the wearer to become an
insubstantial, wraithlike creature seem-
ingly made of smoke — except for the
mask, which not only remains sub-
stantial, but becomes animated.
The wearer may fly at double
ground speed. He may not ma-
nipulate objects, but may hold
them in the mask's mouth. The
wearer may use the mask to bite
in combat, inflicting damage as
a Hispo. Finally, because the
wearer is mostly insubstantial, any
dodge successes scored by the wearer
count double (i.e., three dodge suc-
cesses effectively act as six). These
effects last until he removes the mask,
or until daybreak.

Mummy Amulets
Level 5, Gnosis 8

Striders have long fostered alli-
ances with mummies, and a few
have been bequeathed mystic amu-

lets by their mummy companions. A
mummy amulet raises a particular At-
tribute to 6 (in Homid form; other
forms adjust accordingly) while it is
worn. Each amulet is dedicated to one
ee Attribute, and one only. Wearing one of
these amulets for more than a scene at a
time affects a Garou adversely, often driv-
ing him into Harano for weeks at a time.

Some also whisper that when a Garou

dons an amulet, he makes his presence

known to the Bane Mummies.

These are among the most prized of
fetishes, especially since no Garou knows
how to manufacture them. Those who let a
mummy amulet fall into the hands of a vampire or

mage of any sort immediately lose two points of
permanent Wisdom Renown and one point of per-
manent Honor.

Appendix One: Souvenirs 51


Cotems
of the Eternal Wanderers

Totem of Respect
Scarab

Background Cost: 4

The quiet burrower, Scarab builds and destroys with
relentless patience. Symbol of the ancient pharaohs, Scarab
is equally hg De

per stopp
though ea
through ig
power whileteads
rather than one, but only if they spend the Willpower on
the second or later turn of the roll in question.

Ban: Followers of Scarab must help defend a threatened
caern, no matter what the odds. They must also seek to
improve the reputatj of the Silent Striders, usually by

peace, yet terrible
balance and hig

Traits: C tealth 2 and an extra
soak die ve r cold. His
children als@g Mokolé
tongue (this 1s)alliibs ot involve the expen-
diture of a Ling *¢ brood add
an extra damap

Ban: Folloy or seek to
bring harm to

are more likelf t
Garou may we

Cruel and siffi
of vengeance #4
is slain. Her ite}
and she prefgrs thea

s the implacgble mistress
will not rest hintil her foe
gsible to defend against,

mike when east suspgcts. Striders

sands of years of frustration and anger into a simmering stew
of Rage, then lashing out from the shadows.

Traits: Striders following Tsetse Fly gain Medicine at 2
and can put the "mojo" on their enemies. They must truly
hate the enemy (i.e., must spend at least five Rage points
against him), must have a piece of his body or a personal
effect, and must make a Manipulation + Intimidation roll
(difficulty of the opponent's Willpower). Success inflicts
the mojo curse on the foe; all the foe's Dice Pools are halved
for a duration of one night per success scored. A botch turns
the mojo against the caster for a night. A mojo may only be
cast on a given foe once per year (Tsetse Fly expects her
followers to take advantage of a weakened enemy!).

Ban: Followers of Tsetse Fly must always gain revenge
against their enemies. Additional}; because Tsetse Fly is
seen as an unclean totem, follo rg ¥of Tsetse Fly subtract
one point from any tempgrary

Cotems o
Jbis

dafbugh him may
dered memories.

e power of Eidetic
gence roll (difficulty
heard or smelled,
of all magic used
, hedge magic and
erewolf or change-

however briefly. Also, the }
against them (including mp
vampire Thaumaturgy, but
ling powers) are increased}

Ban: Followers of Ibfs
applies to Corax as well);
forgotten lore. |

Sphinx /
Background Cos ,
The eternallyvigilant Sphiet¥'is.ehe guattlian of the ages,

and eternity is bound in its ancient riddle. For Striders,

Sphinx serves as a reminder of all that they have lost and all

they hope to regain one day. Strider Theurges often peti-

tion Sphinx, seeking portents of the impending Apoca-
lypse, but many who delve too far into the unknowable sink
into Harano and worse.

Traits: Followers of Sphinx gain an extra dot of Wits.

Additionally, they may spend a Willpower point once per

story and thereby gain any Knowledge at 6; this Knowledge
lasts for a scene.

harm a bird (this

WA seek out lost and

\

Ban: If a follower of Sphinx loses or refuses a riddle
contest, she sinks into a deep Harano curable only by a

following Tsets q are relentipesNfoes, nuffuring thou- successful Umbral quest for forgotten lore.
52 Silent Striders

FFL PT ST TT TT IS,


If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it
is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the

Other Garou often have difficulty understanding the
reclusive and taciturn Silent Striders. This is only com-
pounded by the individuality of the Striders, who vary
greatly in temperament and beliefs. One Strider might be
an embittered warrior seeking to avenge a fallen pack,
while his current companion might be a gentle talesinger
who shares her knowledge with those who simply ask.
Since they both likely keep their feelings hidden, onlook-
ers tend to become all the more confused.

music which he hears, however measured or far away.
— Henry David Thoreau, Walden

Ofcourse, all Striders share acommon bond. They are all
outcasts, and they are constantly haunted by the spirits of
the human dead. This combination usually sets them apart,
driving them to the solitude so familiar to the tribe. Those
who reach out to a Strider often find that the haunted
Garou doesn't extend friendship easily. However, when a
Strider befriends someone, she does so for life, and often
turns up at the most unexpected times to lend aid to her
companion.

a

Appendix Two: Vagabonds 53

————— Me

Cricks-the-Dead

Quote: One of us will dance in Hell tonight. Are you game?

Prelude: You were born amid the Louisiana bayous.
Mama died in childbirth, and Papa could be right mean
when he had a mind to. Sometimes, if he wasn't too drunk
or he hadn't lost too much money gambling, you found you
could distract him. Hell, you could beat him at five-card
stud with your eyes closed. But he was a mean drunk. You
had to leave after your First Change — even the sheriffs in
this parish weren't gonna take lightly the sight of Papa all
strewn every which way and yonder, belt and guts all mixed
up till you didn't rightly know which was which.

You were hitchhiking down the lonely roads one night
when you heard the muffled pad of footsteps behind you,
and felt a fetid breath on the nape of your neck. Without
looking behind you, you greeted your visitant in as cheer-
fully nonchalant a voice as you could muster. It followed at
your heels, forever trying to get you to look at it. Whenever
it whistled, low and mad like a whippoorwill, you whistled
back, mimicking its call and adding your own flourishes. It
started mimicking your mimicry then, a grotesque parody of
"Dueling Banjos," and the game was on. You matched it
note for eerie note, whistling, walk-
ing, until the first cockcrow
greeted the Mississippi sunrise
and you heard it vanish with a
mournful wail.

You now know that even Things from Outside like to
gamble. And just like Papa, they can be made to lose. Now
you travel from Wyrm-caern to Wyrm-caern, challenging
the inhabitants to riddle games, fiddling contests and,
above all else, a good game of five-card stud. The ante's your
soul, sure, but you've always got a royal flush up your sleeve.

Concept: You prey on the Wyrm's own malevolent
arrogance, tricking it at the very games it plays with others.
You have become expert at riddles, conundrums and all
mannet of games of wits.

Roleplaying Hints: Self-assurance is your poker face, for
without it you'll be damned for eternity in short order. You
exude a light, breezy caprice, but deep down lurks an inner
terror at all the monsters you've confronted. Still, you know
your place in the scheme of things, and you wouldn't give
up your avocation for Realm and Umbra alike.

Equipment: Knapsack, denim clothing, bus schedule,
gris-gris bag.

AH


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

00000

bu

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ragabash
Camp:

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Tricks-the-Dead

were ien LSE Attributes oem Loatewnar

Physical Social Mental
Strength e@e000 Charisma e@e000 Perception, e@ee00
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation e0e0ee0 _Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@000 = Appearance ee000— - Wits eccc6e
e . e
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness ee0e00 Animal Ken 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 _ Drive 00000 __ Enigmas 00000
Brawl @0000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge__ @ee@000 ——s"Firearms 00000 ~~ Law 00000
Empathy @0000 _Leadership 00000 _ Linguistics @0000
Expression, e@e@000 Melee O0000 Medicine o00000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance @e@ee00 Occult e@e@00
Streetwise 00000 Stealth e@000 Rituals, @@000
Subterfuge @0000 Survival 00000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

Contacts eeo0o 3§—— Blur of the Milky Eye

Rites @e@000 Fersuagion

00000 Sense Wyrm
00000 = Speed of Thought

hon

wren (PE nOWN

Glo
0000 00 0000
OOOOUOOUOUOO

Honor
®e000000000
OOOUOOOUOOOO

Wistom
ee00000000
OOOUOOOOOO
mn Ratt nny

e000000000
OOOUOUOOOO

e@ee0000000
OOOOOOOOOO

Bruised

Hurt -]
Injured -]
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled +5
Incapacitated

nm Willpower =e

eeeeeoo0o0dn
OOOOOOOOOO

OE PS TE ieniemey //,

"/ Health am

OOOOOOD

Weakness Caw
HAUNTED:

STEPPING SIDEWAYS
BOTCHES ATTRACT

GHOSTS

Sean KarDERs "DD

|


A
Le mua»

Haunted Soul

Quote: (Cackle) Are you MAD, man? Can you not SEE?
It comes — it's just over your left shoulder...!

Prelude: You were comparatively lucky for a Silent
Strider, for you always knew the security of home and the
comforts of family. Oh, granted, your home was referred to
as "the hainted Hecubus House in the old swamp," and your
family reviled as "those devil-tainted Hecubuses," but at
least you had something to belong to. Yes — while the
other werewolves roamed eternally under the bloated
moon, forlorn and alone, you had family: your dark-
browed father, who never spoke for years on end
except to mutter Those Names; your mother, who
sat and rocked eternally in the attic; your brother,
who had to be chained in the cellar following that
incident with the scissors; your sister, who climbed
down the well in the back one night and never came
back up. When acertain moonless night leered down
and you were finally left alone in the rotting old
mansion, nothing really even changed.

Now you sit, and stare, and guard the caern out back of
Hecubus House, and you listen...always listen. Sometimes,
high and far off when the earth rumbles or the lightning
blazes, you can hear them singing, like sirens in a vast
tempest. Every year they seem to get a little closer,
and now you can decipher their mad, shrill songs of
blood and devotion and love...and, above all, family.
Soon enough, you know, the last scion of the Hecubus
line will go to his beloved, and Hecubus House will
collapse into the slime that
gave it birth.

Concept: The Striders
tolerate you as the caern
warder of Hecubus House,
but even they come rarely,
for they find the Gnosis
received from
it...distasteful. You
are never lonely,
however, for your
family and
their...friends. . .often

come to pay their...respects.

(7 _[i Zl \

f

Sead

\P

Roleplaying Hints: Try desperately (and fail miserably)
tocome across as gracious and in control. Invite werewolves
to sit and engage in civilized conversation that inevitably
disintegrates into hysterical gibbering.

Equipment: Library with many a quaint and curious
volume of forbidden lore, study with leering ancestral
portraits, antique furniture (bloodstained), refrigerator
containing...traces...that

the VICAP would be
very interested in
obtaining, closet
complete with
skeletons.

.

WA


SS

a

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Haunted Soul
wou ILS Attribytes ~aarmeamve€ oratornar
Physical Social Mental
Strength. e@e000 Charisma @0000 Perception, eeee0
Dexterity__= === @#000 =) Manipulation, @ee00 _—iIntelligence______@eee0o
Stamina @e@e0 = Appearance ee000~)>=s-—d Wits @@000

Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness e@e000 Animal Ken, 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics__ 9 0000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas @e000
Brawl @0000 Etiquette___ SOTO Investigation e@e000
Dodge ee00o~)§=>-"‘Firearms________eoo00 _—iLaw 00000
Empathy____ ss @Q 000 Leadership__ ss 99000 Linguistics____ Ss @@ 000
Expression 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine @0000
Intimidation. @0000 Performance @0000 Occult ecccee
Primal-Urge @0000 Repair 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth. @0000 Rituals @@000
Subterfuge @0000 Survival. 00000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies @@000 Smell of Man
Fetish eee00 Opirit Speech
Rites @0000 Sense Wyrm
00000
00000 :
Glory Bruised Oo
C000 Dd0000 8899990000 Pau =
DOOOOUOOOO OOOOUODOUOOOO narod -l -
J -1
o000000000 4 Gnosis Wounded 2» OF
OOOUOOOOOO eweveeevv0000 vale 2 -
Wisdom ooooo0o0oo00o "pled 5
alatatutetelatntate a
= Willpower Ae Weakness naetlotnar
manne: Rank ——omr 00000000 STEPPING SIDEWAYS
OOOOOOOOOO BOTCHES ATTRACT
GHOSTS

(ais /,

2 Gent, CaiDEgs "SS


Spirit of Dengeance

Quote:Woe unto thee, transgressor! I have seen your face
flickering in the mere-fires; I have heard your name borne on
owls' wings. Tonight a great doom comes for you. There is no
escape!

Prelude: Sin. It surrounded you from the moment of
your unhallowed spawning — slimy as the afterbirth of your
Litany-breaking mother, indelible as the deed of the shift-
less wretch with whom she whelped you.

You left the caern early, with little fanfare and even less
goodwill. You slunk into the city late one night, hoping to
erase your existence in the faceless throngs. But, far from
being the Lethe you sought, the city took your sin and
magnified it a thousandfold. Sin leered all around you: from
tenements, from skyscrapers, from department-store win-
dows and trashcan fires. This was the Blight, even more
blighted than you -—— and nowhere near as
remorseful. And yet your cousins
spat on you, even as they al-
lowed this abomination
to exist!

Then you
knew what your
penanice was to
be. Years of
eluding your
septmates' mock-
ery had made you
very good at hid-
ing, and your
cursed ruin of a
body was more than ca-
pable of eradicating the
sins that so mirrored
your own. A
high-powered
executive was
the first to die;
his ingratiating

58 Silent Striders
7 4 2 ee eee eee een eee

charm had won him a vice-presidency, but you saw the
Defiler's grin leering from his All-American face. Garner-
ing evidence of various sorts, you began leaving messages
on his private voice mail. On the fifth night, when you
could smell the terror leaking from him, you came for him.
The satisfaction you felt at erasing his blandly beautiful
features nearly erased your shame at your own wreckage of
a face.

Concept: You are a metis through and through; even
Nosferatu would blanch to look at you. You are obsessed
with punishing the wicked, particularly those Wyrm-tainted
individuals in positions of power and thus immune to the
law's long arm. You have grown increasingly melodramatic
in your dispensing of "justice" — though, of course, you are
saving your most cinematic embellishments for your no-

blest deed — your own suicide.
Roleplaying Hints: Speak in doleful and
lugubrious tones of the vengeance to come,
Revel in the terror of your victims, rat-
tling out litanies of their unpunished
crimes and promising full-scale restitu-
tion. You often like to forewarn a tar-
get in Homid form by day, then
come for him in Crinos by night.
You sometimes fixate on
purity, such as that
found in small children
and beautiful, unat-
tainable maidens.
You will lurk outside
your "charges" win-
dows by night,
guarding theirsleep
and gazing in on
them with wistful
longing.

Metis Deformity:
Hideous

Equipment: Opera
cloak, mask, broad-

B brimmed hat, dark

) suit, bandages, instru-
ments of vengeance,
sunglasses.


< ee Tt "DA

Name: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Philodox Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Spirit, of Vengean
Physical Social Mental
Strength OO Charisma. EDO Perception OOO
Dexterity. eee0o Manipulation, eee00 Intelligence____——— @@000
Stamina. @@@00 = Appearance @0000 Wits @ee00
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness e@@000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics___ e000 ~—sCOD rive @@000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl ee@000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation e0ee00
Dodge e0000 —sC(FFirearms___tm_m__s_—eeeeo Law @0000
Empathy__________oo9000 __Leadership________oo0000 _Linguistics________ooo000
Expression 00000 Melee @ee00o Medicine @e0000
Streetwise ee@000 Stealth, PY TY Ys Rituals 00000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival. 00000 Science. 00000
B ackgrounds Gifts Gifts
Contacts @0000 Sense Wyrm
Fetish ee00e0 = Speed of Thought
00000 Truth of Gaia
00000
00000
Glory Bruised oO
C0000 00000 8898200000 pus Oo
OOOOOOOOOOR OOOOOOOOOO Injured 1 o
eee0000000 4 Gnosis Wounded 20
HOOOUOOOOOO eeeonono00000 vee 2 5
Wisdom nHooooooooo ee a
atetetetehetstalets ee
—- Willpower = Weakness name locinar
an Rank ao @ 0000088000 STEPPING SIDEWAYS
OOOOOOOOOO BOTCHES ATTRACT
GHOSTS

|

OE Ee FS ET tiene //,

Gypsy Chanteuse

Quote: This one goes out to Meredith — wherever she may be.

Prelude: The road was always your home. Your mother

bounced you from trailer park to ramshackle apartment, city
to city, boyfriend to boyfriend (hers, not yours — though

several of the scumbags tried to get a two-for-one
deal). You visited every state in the Union
before your 16th birthday; you knew the sun-
scorched promise of Route 66, the cacophony of

the Jersey Turnpike and the pine-shrouded end-
lessness of I-75. When you ran away at 14, it seemed only
natural.

You hitchhiked and hoboed from city to city, singing for food
(but refusing to do anything else, no matter who tried to force
you). You grew distant and guarded, wearing the same mask for
officers and would-be pimps, social workers and shelter vol-
unteers and drug dealers alike. A young girl like youhad

to — society had grown mobile and fluid, like a
human ocean; but, like the ocean, there were sharks
aplenty to surprise the unwary. You became adept at
defending yourself, both emotionally and physically
~— bus stations and bars were no place for someone
your age.
The Change happened at 16; in a way, you had
known it was coming. You ran with the spirits and
the Lunes under the gibbous moon, and for the
first time in your life you felt as though you had
ahome. All the half-formed street-poet verse
you'd scrawled coalesced into something
greater and immaculately beautiful, and your
first recitation of Shu Horus' Legacy moved even
the eldest Ahroun to tears.

You quickly moved on after your Rite of Passage.

When you performed at a nameless hole-in-the-wall Philly bar,

you floored the locals, attracting a band in the process. Now you and your
band travel from city to city, eternal vagabonds, singing songs of the
endless, lonely road.

Concept: You sing of Gaia, but a different Gaia from that of your Fianna
cousins. You sing of Her ancient mystery, of subtle longing and secrets
never shared. Your songs are moody, wistful, driving your listeners nearly
to Harano, but in the process purifying them and reassuring them that
others understand what they feel.

Roleplaying Hints: You are guarded and inscrutable with those you
don't know; this translates into an aura of enchanting mystery when you
perform. Offstage, you are demure and impeccably polite, though you
always refuse interviews.
Equipment: Jewelry, quasi-Egyptian clothing.

Silent Striders


LNT. SORIDERS SSS

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Gypsy Chanteuse
Physical Social Mental
Strength O00 Charisma__ QO Perception @ O00
Dexterity _@e@000 = Manipulation, @0e@00 _iIntelligence______eeooo
Stamina @@000 = Appearance ece00—CWits @e0e00
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@e000 Animal Ken, e0000 Computer. e0000
Athletics___ 9.0000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas @e@000
Brawl e@e000 Etiquette__——— QQ000 Investigation. CO O000
Dodge ee00o = Firearms. 0000. ~——s Law @0000
Empathy @@000 Leadership. @0000 Linguistics 00000
Expression, ee000 Melee oo0o000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance @eee00 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge @@000 Repair @0000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge @0000 Survival 00000 Science 00000
- Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies @@000 Mindspeak
Contacts ©0000 Persuasion
00000 Speed of Thought
00000
00000
Renown ——- "4 Rage tio " Health ———"——
Glory Bruised oO
eeO0 OD 0000 8888900000 Pra Oo
OOOOOOOOUOOD UOOOOUOOOOO infed _
y -l
0000000000 4 Gnosis Wounded 265
ONOUOOOOOUUO eeevovo0o0000 vale 28
Wisdom Ooooooooogo ee ea
aleteteetetalainte ae
om Willpower Weakness As
—— Rank ner @ © © OO 80000 — sTEPPING SIDEWAYS

ONOOOOOOOUOO BOTCHES ATTRACT
GHOSTS

|

Black Dog

Quote: (mournful, eerie howl reverberating over the
moor like the scream of the damned)

Prelude: You remember little of your pre-Change life:
scratches behind the ears, saucers of milk, children's laugh-
ter on the dales, the rustic comfort of a Midlands cottage.
You remember the events leading up to the Change quite
well: the slashes on the walls as the Wyrm-things forced
their way in, the saucers of milk turned to rivers of blood,
the children screaming on and on and on, the cottage and
its inhabitants torn asunder and left in mangled ruin.

The smell of your owners' blood inflamed you, and
you swelled to a size rivaling the now-disemboweled
ponies twitching in their intestines in the yard out-
side. You pounced into the Wyrm-things, and your
world faded to a bitter red haze flavored only by
the sour foulness of the things' flesh shredding
under your jaws.

The intruders lay dead, but so did your
owners. Your instinctive Howls of the De-
parted combined a sentient
being's grief with a
loyal dog's sense of
failure. The
mournful noise —
attracted the at-
tention of a
passing Silent
Strider, who
took you to a caern. But
you didn't want another home or
another family. Bidding the Garou fare-
well, you set off down the lonely roads.
There were other monsters out there —
you could smell them. You would die
before you failed again.

Concept: You embody the ancient leg-
ends of the Black Shuck: the grim super-
natural hound on the mere. You are a
guardian through and through —a
predator of predators. You are
adept at solitary survival on the
streets and in the wild alike;
you have slain monstrous foes
in silence, not 30 yards from
where a party of Boy Scouts lay
laughing and telling stories around
the campfire.

B.

a, a

Roleplaying Hints: You are even lonelier than most
Striders, and even less hopeful. (If only the humans knew
what lurked just out of sight — why aren't they more
careful?) Still, the dog within you is strong, and it is your
function to be the humans' eyes, ears and — when neces-
sary — teeth and talons. You have grown distant and
detached from humans and Garou alike, but occasionally
approach someone small and innocent, like a young lost
child, play with him and gently shepherd him back to his
anxious family. Your gentle demeanor sheds like your fur
when facing Wyrm-things; for them you have neither
patience nor mercy.

Equipment: Spiked collar, tag bearing the inscription
"CORKY."

62 Silent Striders

OL A TO ley //,


Gn RIDERS "SS

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Black Dog go
: Physical Social Mental
Strength 00 Charisma_ SC OO Perception___——— 90000
Dexterity. ee0e00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence 000
Stamina @e0ee0 Appearance @e@000 Wits @e@000
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness e@e6e00 Animal Ken ry Y yore) Computer. 00000
Athletics. 000 ~———COD rive 00000 Enigmas @0000
Brawl ry yy Ye) Etiquette 00000 Investigation, eee00
Dodge | eocoo 3) Firearms. 000 ~—— Law 00000
Empathy. 000 Leadership. 000 Linguistics___ ss = 9000
Expression, 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation. @@000 Performance 00000 Occult @0000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival e0000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies @0000 Heightened Senses
Pure Breed @ee00 Razor Claws
Rites @0000 Sense Wyrm
00000
00000 >
Glory Bruised Oo
Ceo 0 OD 0000 8888880000 pus 5
OOOOOOOODOO OOOUOOOUOOD Infeged -1 5
J -1
eco0000000 7 Gnosis Wounded 2 -
OOOOUOUOUOOO ee0ae5au e00o0o0dn Meee 2 = L
Wisdom nbooooooooo eee area
eletetetefetatalats a
————- Willpower ——A# Weakness Ase
monn e Rank mmr @ OOO B00000 STEPPING SIDEWAYS

OOOOOOOOOO BOTCHES ATTRACT
GHOSTS


|

Although the Silent Striders rarely travel or congregate
in numbers, they acknowledge their heroic and infamous
just as the other tribes do theirs. A renowned Strider hero
might have to wait a while to sing of her deeds at the next
moot, word has always traveled quickly
among : alliard has entered a moot (or
even gconcolation! g deeds of his pack, onl
to fifi iders presen
help any det
meg

e Silent
spoken,
pions of the Silver Fame travel freely from
sept to sept, they certainly have opportunity to casually
mention their tribemates' exploits to any number of Garou.
But the Striders know that were they to play themselves up
so, the other tribes' pride would begin to rankle — and soon
every Garou would carefully watch the Striders, just to see
if they were as truly impressive as the tales say.

64 Silent Striders

EE Ps ET TR tiem //,

pendix Thre
Crailblazers

As is, the Striders mention their noblest and wisest only
when it is proper to do so. But word still travels, and
although Strider heroes (and villains) seem no more nu-
merous than those of any other tribe, their fame does seem.
ittle farther. Therefore, it's not unusual that
n Wendigo have heard the name of Buries-the-

A uae killed numerous vam-
bich was a member
e Australian
oO success-

i Faster-

ully crossed
than-Death, who
Dark Umbra.

Gaia recognizes her own, and her children follow suit.
The following Striders have earned their place in legendry,
whether for good or ill. No matter what else, they will be
remembered long after they have vanished beyond the
Paths of the Dead. Until Set's curse is lifted, it is as much
as they could ask for.


ew

KI

wee
ae
A
ae
A
=
on
See
oe
ante,
4
Za
a
EA
=
in
me
Zz
=
a
Ea

ARR

LAK

. a ;
almost anci n slayer of Gar where he
db Countless childer of s nt times, and d, the Oudied, An, even tod and hen this le
Nd battle against th A et. § Orus @ €sttoyed Curse Set's nam ay, his dese end send amon
et the Usurper © Antediluvian hi ven €ventually 90 greater jj} t the ancient vq ants and tribes folk
Of their grear ene Str;
est hero, om the
i ndix Th
Tee: 5
a, ee: Trailblaz, ers

ee

65

A
to

Dic Stryker

Ifadventure had aname in the fin de siecle ‘30s, it was Vic
Stryker. With his companions — the Son of Ether genius
Professor Emil Zoltan and the merrily enigmatic eshu
changeling Vesadda — Stryker wandered the globe in the
service of Gaia, Garou and country. Whether smashing
Setite skullduggery in Cairo, fighting ferocious fomori in
Hong Kong, mangling the Machiavellian machinations of
the Nazi Get of Fenris Blut-krieg in Amsterdam, or indulg-
ing in a simultaneous Parisian dalliance with the Lasombra
antitribu Lucita and Marlene Dietrich, Vic Stryker was the
red-blooded werewolf for the job. The apex of Stryker's
career came during the notorious Malachite Scarab Inci-
dent, when he met True Love in the form of Samantha
Westcott, a feisty Fianna Kinfolk with eyes you could fall
into and a left hook that could rock a Crinos-shifted pug
back into Homid (as Stryker found out when he called her
"dame").

Then, in the ‘40s, the real world caught up. An imper-
sonal barrage of Nazi shrapnel brought an explosive end to
Stryker's uncanny luck, ruining both his mobility and his
self-confidence. Professor Zoltan, returning to the Ukraine
to assist in the Rodina's defense, made the mistake of being
taken alive during a Sabbat attack; he spent his last nights
as an agonized "experiment" in the torture-dungeons of the
Fiend Sascha Vykos. Vesadda, now cynical and embittered,
returned to India to protest British colonialism. He ended
up with a heart so full of hate he was Undone — his faerie
seeming vanished forevermore. As for Stryker's beloved
Samantha, well, she took sick of polio and died in the
postwar years — Gaia calling back one of Her own, but it
was a hard thing nonetheless.

Worst of all, when the partially recovered Stryker re-
turned to heroism in the early ‘50s, a McCarthy-dominated
Congress declared him a "loose cannon" affiliated with
"questionable elements" (particularly the Russian Zoltan)
and called him to Washington for a hearing. Unable to
reveal (or explain) his supernatural origin, Stryker was
instead denounced as a Communist, arrested on trumped-
up conspiracy charges and sentenced to a year in prison.
Upon release, the embittered Stryker emigrated to Tangiers,
there to lose himself in Harano and heroin. During one
particularly bad smack binge, Stryker saw a ghostly Anubis
jackal leave his body, and he knew that he had lost the wolf.

Unable to face his former Garou companions, Vic even-
tually returned to the streets of New York as a derelict. It
was there, late one Friday night, that his bleary eyes lit on
a mugger, eyes glazed with PCP and bloodlust, holding a
pistol to a terrified nun. Wolf or no, Vic Stryker couldn't
just stand by. With no Gifts or Delirium to aid him, and all
too vulnerable to the mugger's Saturday Night Special, he
hurled himself at the salacious villain. The satisfaction he
felt at laying out the crook with one punch exceeded any of

his pride at rediscovering artifacts, rescuing princesses,
trekking through Horizon Realms or fearlessly slaying vam-
pires. And, though his ears weren't so good anymore (and
he refused to use a damn Weaver-spawned hearing aid), he
could have sworn he heard an approving howl in the
distance. :

And so Stryker spent part of his golden twilight as a
private investigator, setting up a small office near the
Central Park Caern. Oh, he never met another Samantha
(though he tried). But even without Methuselahs to be put
down, Wyrm-spawn to slay or Nephandi dictators to over-
throw, Vic could still hold his own against the garden-
variety human scum which, when it came down to it, really
caused most of the world's problems.

Stryker, a feisty nonagenarian, now patrols the quaint
tural Maine township of Pleasant Port as vigilantly as he
ever did a Strider bawn. Despite everything, he has the
constitution of a man half his age (as no few of Pleasant
Port's dames — er, ladies — will attest). Should evil rear its
head, should Wyrm-spawned terror threaten the innocent,
Vic Stryker'll show those minions of darkness that a good
right cross is a match for Bane fetishes and Black Spiral
talons any day.

Silent Striders

TS


HUAN AT

ae,

@ennu

Though barely 18, the young Philodox Bennu bears a
weighty responsibility, for she embodies the hopes of Strid-
ers everywhere. Indeed, the word "Bennu" is Ancient
Egyptian for "hope," and the mere mention of her name is
often enough to lift the worst Harano from the old, tired
wolves loitering around the caern fires.

Few of the cynical Strider elders suspected that the
fragile, wide-eyed girl brought before them would survive
her Rite of Passage, much less come to occupy a place of
honor at their moots. However, during the climax of her
rite — a pitched battle with a Setite coterie — Bennu
shocked her packmates by crying out in Ancient Egyptian,
intoning a chant that sent the eldest Setite priestess howl-
ing back into the darkness of her temple. Continuing to
chant, Bennu led the pack into the ranks of the now-
demoralized Setites, slaying them all.

Bennu, it turned out, had channeled the spirit of the
great Shu Horus himself — a miracle among the Striders,
whose lack of ability to contact their ancestors had plagued
them since the onset of their diaspora. Amazed Strider
Theurges determined that Bennu alone among the tribe
had the power to invoke Strider Past Lives. Why she, of all
Striders, had escaped Great Set's curse was unknown, nor
did the tribe leaders care — here was a living link to their
past and a possibility to claim their future.

Now Bennu possesses a station far outweighing her
tender years and unworldliness. She has made her share of
enemies in the process — jealous pack rivals would relish
her fall almost as much as the tribe's enemies would. In
particular, Sarrasine and Ghede, two powerful Setites,
have vowed her destruction. Still, she is guarded night and
day by acadre of vigilant Ahroun, who would willingly give
their lives and souls for what Bennu represents — the
possibility, for the first time in millennia, that the Silent
Striders can reclaim their sundered heritage and finally find
a place to rest.

Appendix Three: Trailblazers 67

0 OLE Ps A TE en ys


Abnatha the Laughing One

Silent Striders grow silent indeed when the name of
Abnatha the Laughing One is voiced in their presence.
Indeed, Abnatha's name is among the closest thing the
normally placid Striders have to "fightin' words." Once a
respected Theurge, the disgraced Abnatha walks so close to
the Wyrm as to be almost indistinguishable from it.

Formerly, Abnatha was viewed by the tribal elders as an
up-and-coming hero; he displayed a sagacity well beyond
his years and became renowned for his insight into matters
of the spirit world. Abnatha carried a dark and terrible
secret, though. A devout follower of the Eaters of the Dead
camp, Abnatha supplemented his prodigious wisdom with
necrophagous knowledge gleaned from the devoured brains
of the dead. In his hubris he grew addicted to the secret
knowledge buried deep amid juicy gray matter. He began to
steal into Garou gravesites late at night, eating the brains
of dead heroes for no reason save to benefit from their
accumulated lore. He dug up human gravesites as well,
voyeuristically sifting through the lives of complete strang-
ers. And, worst of all, he began to eat the increasingly tasty
cerebra of slain Wyrm-foes, reveling in the charnel knowl-
edge taken so intimately into himself.

Such behavior left Abnatha open to psychic assault, and
one enterprising Bane-minion of the Defiler invaded
Abnatha's body in the form of a disease. This Bane-
spawned illness manifested as a virulent strain of kuru —
the exceedingly rare ailment previously manifested only in
the Foré tribe of New Guinea. Contracted by the ingestion
of parasites found exclusively in rotting human brain tissue,
kuru normally induces a painful and lethal neurological
deterioration. The symptoms of kuru are some of the most
grotesque known — the victim begins to laugh neurotically
and uncontrollably, in a fashion similar to Tourette's Syn-
drome. This laughter intensifies during kuru's middle stages,
when the victim's mind and reason deteriorate, and contin-
ues until the disease has run its inevitably fatal course.

Abnatha, however, was Garou, not human. The kuru
infection coursed through his nervous system like an acid,
but failed to kill him outright. Indeed, Abnatha managed
to retain some shreds of health and sentience. Moreover,
while the Bane-kuru certainly drove him into fits of lunacy
worthy ofa Black Spiral Dancer, Abnatha's intelligence per
se was not affected — he remained as cunning as he had
ever been. The disease's preliminary symptoms did afflict
him, however — he began to laugh, convulsively and
uncontrollably, shaking epileptically as spasm after spasm
of hysterical mirth wrenched itself from his throat. He has
not stopped laughing since — not even in his occasional
bouts of nightmare-plagued sleep. Worse, the Bane-spirit
tiding him has dampened his judgment regarding just how
"dormant" a brain "donor" has to be. Indeed, Abnatha has
come to prefer the bouquet of brains extracted from living
craniums.

Such practices could not be concealed forever, and the
cannibal was declared outcast in short order. Now Abnatha
wanders Realm and Umbra alike, often accompanied by a
pack of rabid hyenas. His tittering, ululating call precedes
him, while in his wake he often leaves entire villages of
massacred humans, skulls cracked open, marrow sucked out
and brain pans licked clean. He is technically Ronin and
worse, and many sept wardens have placed him under
sentence of death. But the fact that most of his carnage is
directed toward Pentex employees, the performance of
several acts of gruesome heroism in defense of Strider
caerns, the fact that even Black Spiral Dancers hold him in

dread, and pressure from hard-line Red Talons and Get of °

Fenris have kept Garou leaders from enforcing the death-
hunt.

68 Silent Striders

Of APO AE LR: Ps CT PE DEP


SENG MRUDERS "SS

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

wera A LSE Attributes =m

Breed: Pack Name:
Auspice: Pack Totem:
Camp: Concept:

Soraowsar

Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma e0000 Perception, @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence e0000
Stamina. @0000 Appearance @0000 Wits, @0000
OMe St Ab lity eee ca
a AT 1 litie S
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken, 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 _ _—ODrrive 00000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl o0000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge 00000 ~—‘Firearms_ 00000 __ Law 00000
Empathy 00000 _Leadership 00000 _ Linguistics 00000
Expression, 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine o0000
Intimidation 00000 Performance 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Repair 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth, 00000 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival 00000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

00000

00000

00000

00000

00000

boule

G
0000 om 0000
OOOOOOOOUOC

Honor
OOO0O00 0000 0
ONOOUOUOUOOOOO

Wisdom
OogdQd0dQgQdQd0 00000
OOOOOUOOOO
mn A Rank mmm oiner

"7 Rage om "/ Health ———Gemw
0000000000 Praised -
OOOOOOoOoO urt -1

OO Injured 1 O

"4 Gnosis ——— ome Wounded 2» O
0000000000 Cad 25
NOOOOOOOOoO Incapacitated 0
———— Willpower Weakness aim

HAUNTED:
0000000000 STEPPING SIDEWAYS
OOOOOOOOOO BOTCHES ATTRACT

GHOSTS

|


RIDERS "QA

mm Hispomtn mmmml ips smote
Strength (+3) Strength (+1)

OOOOO Item: [Dedicated Level_—_ Gnosis

00000 Power,
OOOOO Item: (Dedicated Level____ Gnosis__

OOOOO Item: (Dedicated Level___ Gnosis__

OOOOO Power
OOOOO Item: [Dedicated Level__ Gnosis
OOO0OO Power

OOO00O0 .

00000 weenie Sf (Rites wmavervanre(loatorsar
OOOOO
OO0O0O
OOOO0O
OOOOO
OOOO0OO
OO00O
OOO0O0O
OOOOO
OOO0O0O

ne A

|
wearers Other Traits Moan — W/L Fetishes
OOOOCO Power

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage | Range | Rate | Clip Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex + Brawl 5 Strength + 1t
Body Slam Dex + Brawl 7 Special
Claw Dex+ Brawl 6 Strength + 2t
Grapple  Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength + 1
Punch Dex + Brawl 6 Strength

iy + These maneuvers do aggravated damage.

Armor:

VAP Pe ET De TR DE


SF Deny KRIDERS SS

Nature: Demeanor: t
a L ~* Merits & Flaws cur vimmremZ YA
x Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus
won Expanded B ackgroun? vemmceLoraornar
Allies Mentor
Contacts Pack Totem
| Kinfolk Pure Breed
woven fy 4 Possessions pearnecen leans wruarrmaans al fy é xperience semnare ramus
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:
Name TOTAL SPENT:
Caern Location Spent On:
Level Type
Totem
Leader.


Age
Hair
Eyes
Race
Nationality
Sex

Height Weight
Homid ° Battle Scars

Glabro

Crinos

Hispo Metis Deformity
Lupus

Pack Chart Character Sketch

Prelud |
ZA
weer ALS (Description mmm oatomnar


ISBN 1-56504-330-8 WW 3059 $10.00

51000
|
5

9°181565'04330
Printed in Canada
