# File: Silver Fangs (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

TRIBE BoO

"a DE R Ftc S :


eavy Lies the Crown

Mari Cabrah stared at the gaily-dressed clown looming
before her, his handful of balloons bobbing above him, and
clenched her fists, raising them to strike.

"Mari, no!" Evan Heals-the-Past hissed. "It's his job. He
has to do that sort of stuff."

"Hee-yuk!" the clown cried, apparently oblivious to his
nearencounter with death. "Have a buwoon, pwetty waydy!"
He handed Mari a helium-filled balloon labeled "Coney
Island" and capered down the boardwalk towards a family
with kids.

Mari disdainfully let go of the balloon, and King
Albrecht, ruler of the North American Silver Fang tribe,
watched it float upwards into the sunny sky, heading over
the beach and out to sea.

"Geez, Mari, least you coulda' done is ask the kid if he
wanted it," he said, smirking.

She shot Albrecht one of her I-don't-have-time-for-this-
nonsense looks. Six feet tall in her human form, every ounce
of it muscle, her look would have spooked any number of
men, but Albrecht knew most of it was bluster — at least
when it was directed at a packmate.

"Why in the world are we meeting you at Coney
Island?" she said, looking disdainfully around at the crowded
boardwalk. "Is this where your Silver Fang emissaries from
Russia come when they reach America? Don't they have

cheap amusement parks in Siberia?"

"Now that you mention it, I bet they don't," Albrecht
said with a shrug. "But that's not why we're here. Nearby
Brighton Beach is also known as Little Odessa, ‘cause it's
crammed full of Russian immigrants. There's supposedly a
number of Kinfolk to House Crescent Moon among them.
That's who we're meeting; they'll take us to the emissaries."

"Supposedly?" Evan said. The young man shielded his
eyes from the sun's glare as he looked around the crowded
boardwalk. He fit into the scene better than his packmates;
his jeans, T-shirt ("All My Heroes Have Shot Cowboys")
and sneakers were the perfect camouflage.

"Hell, it's what they tell me," Albrecht said. "Arkady was
our only Crescent Moon, and he wasn't exactly forthcoming
about his Kin." He wore a black t-shirt, black jeans and black
steel-toed boots. He had exchanged his ornate eye-patch for
a simple black one — pirate style, as he called it. His white
hair, braided into a long tail, stretched down his back to his
belt. A thin band of featureless silver encircled his head.

"But the communiqué said to meet here?" Evan said.

"Yeah, at Tatiana Café. Our contacts will take us to the
real meeting spot from there."

"Why are they so cloak-and-dagger?" Mari said, frown-
ing. She wore jogging pants, a tight white T-shirt, and
sunglasses. "I still don't see why you couldn't receive them
in court, with your full entourage."

2 Silver Fangs


"One, they're being cagey because I think they're Rus-
sian Mafia. The Kin, that is, not the emissaries. Two, this is
a delicate situation. Relations between my house and theirs
haven't been good since way before the Cold War started
The fall of the Berlin Wall may have ended that crap among
humans, but the Shadow Curtain only came down a few years
ago. There's still a lot of distrust between us." He stopped and
looked over at a nearby game booth. "Hold on a sec."

Albrecht walked over to the carnival booth, a target
game with BB guns and moving beer bottles. He handed a
wrinkled five-dollar bill to the attendant and picked up a
gun. He aimed it steadily at the row of moving bottles and
pulled the trigger. The pellet hit the lead bottle squarely, but
it failed to break. "Hey, this thing's not pumped up enough."

"Tough break, pops," the attendant said. "Don't worry;
you still got four more shots for your money."

"I need five shots for that stuffed bear," Albrecht growled.
It was a deep, throaty growl, not the kind that comes out of
a human throat.

The attendant turned white. "Sure... sure, pal. Go
ahead, take five shots. Take as many as you like."

"How 'bout I just take the bear? You and I both know I'd
hit every one of those bottles."

"Yeah, sure," the attendant said, grabbing the stuffed
bear Albrecht had pointed at. It was huge, as big as an 8-year
old child. He cautiously handed it to Albrecht, who put
down his gun and smiled.

"Thanks," Albrecht said, and walked back to join his
packmates. Evan frowned at him but Mari didn't seem to
care what had happened. "Where was I? Oh, yeah, house
relations. The Grand Moot coming up in the Urals is being
looked on as a major chance for my tribe to reunite, to put
old feuds behind us and forge new alliances against our
enemies. Of course, it's also a chance for me and Queen
Tamara Tvarivich to vie for dominance over all the tribe."

"Whatelse isnew?" Marisaid. "So, they're wary of you. But
why don't they just come to court like good little Silver Fangs
should? And why do you put up with them not doing that?"

"Because I actually want to improve relations with
them, not force a dominance issue. Not yet, anyway. That's
between me and Tvarivich. Until then, I'll meet her fellow
countrymen half way. Besides, I need them as much as they
need me."

"1 don't get it," Evan said. "What do you need from
them, besides their cooperation"

"Information. This Grand Moot is a big affair, but it's
happening over there, in their territory. They've got customs
and traditions stretching way, way back, and I don'tknow jack
about any of them. If I'm going to win their trust and
admiration — not to mention their fealty —T've got to be on
my best behavior. That's where these two emissaries come in."

They both looked at him, nodding him on for more
information. He placed the stuffed bear on the boardwalk
and leaned against a railing fronting the beach. "It's like this:

These guys aren't septmates of Tvarivich. They're not from
the Sept of the Crescent Moon; they're from the Firebird
Sept." He seemed to be waiting fora reaction from them, but
they just stared blankly at him. "Arkady's sept."

"What?!" Mari said. "Are you nuts? They'll try to kill
you before they teach you a lick of Silver Fang tradition!"

"Remember, Mari: Arkady's dead. They've got a new
leader now. But this guy doesn't have the pull Arkady did.
They risk becoming puppets to Tvarivich, who pushes all
the buttons over there in Russia. | think they're looking for
a high-ranking ally to balance her power."

Evan smiled. "I'm surprised you'd be so forward-thinking,
Albrecht. You're really learning this whole leadership game."

"Hey, thanks. I thought it up all by myself, too. That's
why I haven't told anyone yet. The rest of my court would
have a fit —sort of like Mari did. I thought it best to just call
you guys in, to keep the pomp and circumstance low key
until we've cemented an agreement here."

"Okay," Marisaid, "I get it. But what the hell is up with
that goddamn stuffed bear?"

"Oh, this?" Albrecht said, holding up the toy. "It's a
ruse. C'mon." He walked them back to his black Jaguar,
parked ina pay lot. He popped the trunk and placed the bear
inside, and then reached under it and lifted the board hiding
the spare tire. He pulled out a sleek silver klaive, sheathed
in black leather.

"Hey, I haven't seen that before," Evan said. "That's
not Solemn Lord."

"Nope, this was Arkady's. It was his original, the one he
brought from Russia. He switched to a bigger one later, but
this one had sentimental value for him, so he never got rid
of it. I didn't really give him a chance to collect it before his
exile—not that he deserved it. But figure it's a good gesture
to give it back to his sept. Considering what the bastard did
against Jo'clatth'mattric."

They were all silent, remembering the painting they'd
seen on the wall of the Wyrm creature's lair as it died, the
icons revealing that Arkady had fought the Wyrm dragon in
the spirit world and weakened it, allowing Albrecht's war
party to claim victory.

Albrecht pulled outa pocketknife and cut openaslit in
the stuffed bear's back. He yanked out some stuffing and
then slid Arkady's klaive into the hole. He grabbed a roll of
duct tape and sealed up the tear. Lifting the now-heavier
bear from the trunk, he closed the lid.

"There. Now I can deliver it without raising eyebrows
among the locals."

The walk to Tatiana Café wasn't long. They sat down
at an outdoor table, under a bright, rainbow colored um-
brella, and looked around for anyone who might look
slightly Garou related. A young couple, a boy and girl, sat at
the nearest table, laughing about something. Two men sat
at a table closer to the wall. They both wore "I love New
York" T-shirts.

Legends of the Garou: Heavy Lies the Crown


"That's gotta be them," Albrecht said. "No decent local
wears thatkindofcrap." He turned to look atthem and nodded.
They nodded back and one of them smiled from ear to ear.

"Hello, guys!" hesaid with an obvious Russian or Eastern
European accent. He stood up and came over to their table,
his hand thrust out to Albrecht. "It is good seeing you."

Albrecht shook the man's hand. "Yeah, same here. You
the Crescent Moon Kin?"

The man's smile seemed to grow even larger. He nod-
ded his head vigorously. "Da! Wyrmfoe?"

Albrecht nodded. "That's me. Albrecht. Your name?"

"Yuri. Yuri Zapor. Please to be meeting you. And your
friends?"

"These are my packmates, Mari Cabrah and Evan." He
intentionally omitted Evan's Garou moniker; it sounded
weird outside of Garou culture. He also didn't mention their
respective tribes. "And your friend?"

"He is Yorgi. He is also pleased to meet you." Yorgi
nodded but did not get up.

"So," Albrecht said. "Where're we going?"

"Not far, not far. We can walk. Our friends from
overseas wait there for us. Are you ready? Or do you wish to
order food first?"

"No," Albrecht said, standing up. "I'm ready to go
now." He motioned for Evan to carry the bear, but Mari
picked it up, smiling wickedly.

"Mustn't forget my prize," she said.

Yuri looked suspiciously at the stuffed animal, and
leaned over to Albrecht, speaking low. "There is no surprise
inside bear, is there? It is not sporting."

"Iv's just a gift," Albrecht said. "Nothing deadly."

Yuri nodded. "I can trust you. You big king, they say.
Kings don't lie, yes?"

"Let's just get going," Albrecht said. "We don't want to
keep our emissaries waiting, do we?"

Yuri shrugged and walked away from the café. Yorgi
stood up, pulled some crumpled bills from his pocket and
threw them onto the table as a tip. He fell in behind the
group as they walked down a street leading away from the
boardwalk.

"I apologize for doubting you," Yuri said as they walked.
"In our... business... such things are not uncommon."

"What things?" Albrecht said.

"Using toys or other things to hide weapons. Is done all
the time."

"And what sort of business are you in?"

Yuri smiled again. "We are gangsters, yes? Is that how
you say it here? Organized crime?" His smile disappeared,
replaced by a frown. "Is not crime. Keeping our people poor
is the crime. We provide for them. We need no law for that."

"[ thought so. No surprise there. Everybody knows
Coney Island is full of Russian Mafia. What I don't get ishow
it connects to the ‘family' business, if you get my meaning."

"Ah. Lunderstand. We help the family, yes? But we are
not family ourselves, and glad for it. No insult, please. But,
you are in the more dangerous business, yes? We simply
smuggleand remove... obstaclesnow and then. You get your
hands dirty all the time. Proud work. We do not have the...
breeding for it. But what we do have are connections, yes?
The kind needed to move people from Russia to America. In
the Mother Country, we are the hidden royalty. We are the
kings who say who stays in power and who is deposed. We
serve the true family that way."

"J guess it sort of makes sense. It doesn't sound like
standard operating procedure, though. Do you have even a
drop of Tsar's blood in you?"

"Me? No. Yorgi's great-great grandmother once romanced
a prince, though, and bore his children in secret. You see, in
Russia, it is dangerous thing to be royal. Bolsheviks killed the
royals. Stalin killed anyone related to royals. Princes and
princesses must hide in Russia. Much as Churchmen had to hide
under Stalin. Saints unknown to the West, martyred many
times over, all unknown except to those who pray in secret."

"How do you keep the bloodlines, then? No offense,
but... well, it's not exactly Silver Fang tradition to breed
with just anyone."

"No offense to ask this. We are proud of our blood.
America... she does not keep track of her people. Immi-
grants spread out, forgetting their past. Never in Russia. The
police did not track such things, but everyone knows who
their family is, many generations back. Silver Fangs know.
It is secret, but we know."

Albrechtnodded but didn'tsay anything else. They walked
fora few more blocksand stopped outside of an old brick building,
a factory ofsome sort, although there wasnosign to identity what
was made inside. Yuri opened the door and motioned them in.
The walls of the front room were lined with glass delicatessen.
cases, filled with various colorful kinds of candy.

"Come, into back room," Yuri said, walking behind the
glass cases and through a doorway. Albrecht, Mari and Evan.
followed him, with Yorgi coming behind. They passed a few
small offices with desks and went through another doorway
onto the factory floor. Conveyor belts lined the walls, silent
and unmoving now, but clearly designed to transport candy
from vats to dye jets and into a packaging room. "Is closed
today. Everybody has day off, so that we can meet in quiet.
Please, follow me further." He led them down a set of stairs;
at the bottom of the landing, he knocked on a door and
waited for an answer.

A voice came from inside. "Shto?"

"Eezveeneetyeh," Yuri said. "Our guests have come."

"Panyatna," the voice said.

Yuri opened the doorand went in, followed by Albrecht
and the others. The basement was large, almost as large as
the factory floor above, but luxuriously decorated. A huge,
widescreen TV took up a section of the far wall, with rows
of leather seats before it. Two pool tables were spread out

Silver Fangs


further down the wall. A small kitchen with a humming
refrigerator could be seen at the far end of the room.

A man and a woman stood in the center of the room,
both dressed in dark, stylish clothes. As Albrecht entered,
they bowed and lowered themselves on bended knee, faces
to the floor.

"Zdrasvooytyeh," the dark-haired woman said. "Pree-
yatna pasnakomeetsa. Greetings, King Albrecht. It is good to
finally meet you." She seemed to be in her mid to late
thirties, her face smooth and unlined. Her skin's pallor
implied that she rarely ever saw the sun.

"May the sun and moon shine brightly on your coming
and going," the gray-haired man said, in what sounded like
a British accent. He was older, perhaps in his early fifties, but
he was well built, broad shouldered and lean, as if he
exercised regularly. On his fingers were many rings, at least
one per finger, except for thumbs, with some fingers bearing
more than one. They were each ornately carved from gold,
and some were set with delicate gems.

Albrecht stood looking down at them for a silent
moment, receiving their tribute. Yuri stopped by the door
and looked nervous, glancing sheepishly at Mari and Evan,
as ifhe only now realized some breach of etiquette on his part
and expected that he would be punished for it. Albrecht
then raised his palms, face up. "Thanks. You can get up
now."

The two Garou nodded and stood, looking Albrecht
squarely in the face. The man spoke, his British accent even
more obvious now.

"Tam Lord Byeli Syertseh, Galliard of the Lodge of the
Sun, House Gleaming Eye. My name in English means
White Heart."

The women then spoke, her voice tinged with a Rus-
sian accent, but not so thick as Yuri's. "And I am Noch
Volasi — Nightmane. I am a Theurge of the Lodge of the
Moon, House Crescent Moon."

"Pleased to meet you," Albrecht said. "I'm glad you
cameall this way. | hope it helps improve things between our
septs. There're a lot of bad years between our people I'd just
as soon put in the past."

The man nodded, smiling. "I am glad to hear that, King
Albrecht, for that is my dearest wish for this meeting."

The woman said nothing more, but watched Albrecht
intently.

"These are my packmates," Albrecht said, motioning
Mari and Evan to step forward.

"[ have heard of Mari," Lord Byeli said. "We know all
about the Jarlsdottir's Grand Concolation and what came of
it. I see that you are well-healed, my lady."

Mari's eyes narrowed. "I am. At my full strength, too."

"This is wonderful news," he said, turning away from
her to look at Evan. "And I have also heard of Evan Heals-
the-Past. Your pack is legendary, oh king."

"Damn straightthey are," Albrechtsaid. "Youcouldn'task
for better friends than these." He took the stuffed bear from
Mari. "I brought a gift for you, to help smooth over past rifts."

"Oh?" Lord Byelisaid. "We, too, havea gift." He looked
at Nightmane and she took a small lacquer box from out of
her pocket. She reached into another pocket and removed
a tiny key, which she fitted to the lock, but did not turn.

Albrecht tore the duct tape off the cut he'd made in the
bear and drew forth the klaive. Nightmane sucked in her
breath when she saw it. "Spaseeba. Moonsliver."

"What'd you say?" Albrecht said, handing her the
klaive.

"Moonsliver," she said, receiving the klaive reverently
with her free hand. "That is its name. I thank you so much for
this. It has been in our lineage for ages, lost when Arkady
escaped the Hag. That you now return it to us is... magnifi-
cent." She looked to Lord Byeli witha strange look in her eyes.

"Yes," Lord Byeli said, looking away. "It is incredible.
My lord will be most grateful. And now, your gift."
motioned to Nightmane. She nodded and placed the klaive
on the floor by her feet, and then stepped forward, looking
humbly downward, not meeting Albrecht's eyes, and turned
the key in the lock.

The case sprung open, revealing a ruby amulet shaped
like a long-tailed phoenix. She held it out to Albrecht.

"Incredible workmanship," he said, picking it up. He
held it closer and examined the intricate carving around the
gem's setting. "Who made this?"

"Our totem, Firebird. He asked that we give it to you. I
am sorry, but he demanded that you personally answer his
queries."

Albrecht looked confused for a moment and then
angry. The ruby suddenly lit up as if on fire, and a blaze of
shimmering orange light engulfed his face. He collapsed
onto the ground with a grunt.

Before the two Silver Fangs could bat an eyelash, a huge
black and white dire wolf bounded into them, knocking
them both to the floor. Itsunk its four claws into Lord Byeli's
chest and growled into his face, speaking in the Garou
tongue: "What did you do?!"

Lord Byeli closed his eyes and twisted his head to the
floor — as close a gesture of submission as he could make
while pinned under Mari's Hispo form. She slowly backed
off him, still growling.

"We did nothing but deliver our totem to the king,"
Nightmane said, looking sad. "He now questions the king."

"What are you talking about?" Mari barked.

Evan, leaning over Albrecht, spoke. "He's okay, Mari.
But he's unconscious. | think he's dreaming, from the way
his eyes are moving under the lids."

"Yes, he dreams," Nightmane said. "He is ina chimare,
a dream-realm made by Firebird. We can do nothing until
the totem has made its decision."

Legends of the Garou: Heavy Lies the Crown


Mari leapt over to Nightmane and shoved her snout
inches away from her face. "Decision? About what?"

"About his accusations against our Lord Arkady. Firebird
could not see Arkady's heart once he returned. He wants to
know ifthe rumorsare true, if Arkady betrayed us tothe Wyrm."

"Of course they're true!" Evan yelled. "We were there. All
youhad todo wasask us, notsubject Albrecht tosome spirit trap!"

"But how would Firebird know then?" Lord Byeli said,
sitting up, clearly shaken. "He has to encounter Albrecht's
heart, not his words. We can do nothing but wait."

"Lam ashamed at what we have done," Nightmane said,
her head bowed. "But we must do what must be done. I did
not expect the king to return Moonsliver to us. I pray that
the peace is not broken forever."

Mari shifted into Crinos form and pointed a claw at
both Lord Byeli and Nightmane. "You better both pray
Albrecht wakes up ina few minutes or it'll be more than the
peace that's broken."

ooo

Albrecht opened his eyes in a snowy pine forest clear-
ing. Something hot and bright flickered above him. He
raised his eyes and saw a bird floating in the air, smoldering
and burning as if on fire, but it seemed not to feel any pain
from the conflagration of its flesh. It feathers were beautiful,
especially the multicolored, long tail feathers. Its eyes looked

on him questioningly, as if it were waiting for him to speak.

Albrecht looked around and saw that he was alone. He
knew immediately he was in some sort of spirit realm, and
had been plucked here by a powerful spirit. The box must
have been some sort of fetish relic, because he could think
of no charm that would allow a spirit to yank him across the
Gauntlet against his will.

He stood up and dusted the snow off himself and then
met the spirit's eyes. "Okay, you pulled me in here for some
reason. I don't know how, and I don't know why you
couldn'task permission first; | would gladly have gone along.
Anything to make peace, right? But now I'm pissed. I don't
know what you want, but you've just seriously ticked off a
Silver Fang king. It better damn well be worth it."

Firebird gave a half smile. At least, Albrecht interpreted
the bent of its head and tilt of its beak as such. It spoke. "I see
the fire has not gone out of the belly of all my cousin's
children. [have long been out of touch with those who left the
Mother Country. I have angered you, but know this: You are
aking, but | ama totem, father and lord of many
kingdom stretches far and wide, and I have many subjects. |
am broodmate to Falcon, who rules your soul. By this ancient
pact did I order you into this realm. I honor those of you who
honor me, but I need not ask permission to demand answers
from one who has ed my chosen child of corruption."

"Whar the hell are you talking about?" Albrecht said,
crossing his arms.


"T speak of Arkady Ice-Claw, he who escaped the
Mother Country but who came back in exile from yours."

"Oh, for crying out loud! Him again? He's almost worse
to me dead than alive!"

"I could not read his heart upon his return, for he had
learned to hide it from me. But rumors came soon enough,
claims by you that he was tainted, that he had chosen the
ways of the Wyrm and had been punished for it. I could not
believe these stories, for Arkady still led my other children
well, and fought long and hard against the Wyrm. That he
still lived at all caused me to doubt further, for surely any
king who had been wronged by a Wyrm-tainted tribemate
would kill that tribemate, for the good of the tribe. And yet,
you spared Arkady. Why? Were your accusations untrue?"

"You got a lot of nerve asking me that," Albrecht said,
pacing around the clearing. "Damn straight I should have
killed Arkady. Don't think I didn't regret not doing so a
million times. But it all comes back to one thing: Falcon
wanted me to spare him. He wanted my first decree with the
SilverCrown tobe one of mercy, not punishment. Seems that
the first time colors the whole kingship thing thereafter. If I'd
killed him, I would have had to keep on killing upstarts."

Firebird hovered in silence for a while, seemingly deep
in thought. He then spoke. "I believe you speak true. [am in
deep sorrow for what my child did to you. I heard the stories,
but refused to believe. Now I know."

"What's the big deal, anyway? Arkady finally made up
for it all by going out with a bang and wounding
Jo'clatth'mattric while doing it. Way I understand it, a
horde of ancestors joined him. I still hate the bastard, but 1
figure it's not my place to question so many ancestors, even
if | do wear the Silver Crown. Arkady's dead to me and the
world. Let him lie."

"Youare very generous fora king," Firebird said. "I honor
that. | will give you a boon, something you seek. You wish to
know the ways of my children in the Mother Country. 1
cannot divulge their secrets, but I can show you what tem-
pered them, the hardships that forged their steely hearts. I
would have you know the terrible world into which they are
born, and the horrors they have only recently overcome."

"T think I'd prefer—" Before Albrecht could finish
speaking, Firebird swooped down and engulfed him. Albrecht
instinctively shifted into Crinos form, flinching from the
flames, but they did not burn. Instead, they formed a
background on which he saw moving shadows, which be-
came shapes and then people. He watched a tableau of
history played before him in the belly of the Firebird.

A pack of wolves rushed across the tundra, growing in
number, spreading out acrossall of Russia and beyond. At their
core were 13 white wolves, each leading a group of gray and
black wolves. Then the sky shattered and a star fell, crashing
into the Earth and sending tremors for miles, vaulting soil into
the air. From its smoky ruins, shapes writhed and flexed huge
wings. A hideous harmony of roars erupted and dragons shot
forth inall directions to seize the land for their own. Forests and

villages burned, incinerating people and animals. Only the
wolves stood firm, howling a summons to all their kin. As the
dragons slithered forth, the wolves took the Crinos battleform
and threw themselves at the horrors. They died in droves, but
forevery ten that died, one reacheda beast and bit into it. Soon,
a score of small injuries spilled blood into the Earth, and the
dragons burrowed deep to escape their marauders. They curled
up and slept for ages, slowly healing their wounds.

The wolves did not sleep. They spent years building spirit
wards over the dragons' nest-graves, keeping the beasts asleep,
pinning their power deep within where it could not threaten
them again. In their work, they neglected their duties, and
humans spread far and wide, building well beyond their right.
By the time the wolves realized what had happened, it was too
late. The Age of Man was upon them. They at first tried to
terrorize humans into submission, to cull those they could.
When men built castles and bows to hold the wolves back, they
knew they had to go within, torule humans in their own shapes.

They bred into the bloodlines of kings, of hereditary
tulers, and so became rulers themselves. All men in the
Mother Country followed the secret laws of the wolves-
who-walked-as-men.

Andso itwasuntil the turn of the last century, when the
perfidy of men again grew strong. The ruling wolves had
become weak, complacent in their power, more concerned
with their own petty struggles than the state of the world.
The mass of humanity rose up against them and killed their
ruling Kinfolk, and even managed to slay a few wolves-who-
walked-as-men. Then, they began a cruel hunt for all
wolves, even those who could not take the shape of men.
The ruling wolves fell, their power crushed. Before they
could unite and assert themselves again, evil awakened.

The dragons of old, the Zmei, broke free from their
bindings, and walked the land, aiding the ancient Hag, Baba
Yaga, enemy of all the wolves. A reign of tyranny covered the
land like a shawl, and the wolves could only fight small battles
tosave themselves, never the war todecide the fate of the land.

That changed when Arkady returned. He joined with
another, a strikingly beautiful pure white wolf from the
mountains, and began a new campaign of savagery and
terror against the Mother Country's oppressors. Soon, with
mysterious aid still unknown, the Hag fell, and her empire
of sorrow with her.

Now, thesun again shines pure on the Mother Country,
and the spirits awaken, cautiously walking the land again
after their long imprisonment. Russia awakens.

Albrecht blinked and the story was over. Firebird flew
into the sky and disappeared into the dark night of stars, his
own light becoming one flashing dot among many.

Albrecht took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and
opened them again. He was still in the snowy clearing,
silence all around him.

"Shit," he said.

Legends of the Garou: Heavy Lies the Crown


"Firebird has completed his questioning," Nightmane
said, pointing at the amulet in Albrecht's hand, which now
glowed bright red.

"Then why isn't Albrecht awake?" Evan said. Albrecht
still lay on the ground, unmoving.

"{... [don't know," Nightmane said. She moved over to
the king and picked up the amulet, holding it to her forehead as
she closed her eyes and prayed quietly in Russian. "Firebird does
notknow. Hedispatched therealm. Itshouldn'tstill be there..."

"What's that light?" Mari said, pointing to Albrecht's
head, which now had a blue halo about it.

"It's the Crown," Evan said. "It's glowing."

"The Silver Crown," Nightmane said reverently. "It has
seized the dream realm and now uses it to speak to the king."

eco

Albrecht turned around ina circle, looking for any sign
of another living being or spirit. When he came back to his
starting point, he noticed white wolves amidst the trees
around him. He counted 12 of them. They stared at him
with ancient eyes, as if judging him.

"T have an idea of who you guysare," Albrechtsaid," but
I don't know why you're here. You want to clue me in?"

The wolves turned as one and began moving away. The
last of them turned back to look at Albrecht disdainfully, as
ifimpatient with him. He seemed to be waiting for Albrecht
to follow.

"Okay, I'll tag along. But I got to tell you, I'm getting
pissed all over again. [don't know how much more of this I'm.
going to take." He dropped into Lupus and followed after the
wolves. He noticed that his fur color was almost exactly the
same as theirs, a pure, untarnished white.

It seemed then, for the first time, that he entered a
dream. The landscape shifted around him as they ran, but it
all seemed natural, the way such things do in a dream. At
one point, he wasn't running on all fours, but walking on
two, following a parade of kings downa street before him. He
could see Russia's trademark onion domes on some of the
buildings, but not any particular ones he could identify. It
was as if he were in an archetypal Russian city, rather than
in a particular Earthly city.

Then, he stood on the bare tundra, facing a huge,
roaring war-form Garou. The Ancient King. His eyes re-
vealed more than rage: they were pits into madness. Albrecht
looked around and saw his tribemates, watching, keeping
their distance. The challenge was his, but he saw their eyes,
their silent prayers for his victory, for him to deliver them
from an insane king.

He remembered Morningkill, his great-grandfather.
Albrecht had sworn when he took the Crown that he would
never succumb to such madness, that he would die first. He
growled and assumed the battleform, charging forward against
the more powerful, older king. They crashed together like
rocks tumbling from a mountain, the sound deafening those
who watched.

Then, Albrecht sat on a rock-hewn throne in an
ancient valley between the mountains, a lush place un-
touched by human hands. He received tribute from his tribe,
for he was now king. He sat in judgment over others and
made decrees he could not remember.

Time passed, years he could not count. He sat on his
throne, older now, passing judgment, issuing decrees. Buthe
knew they were humiliating demands, orders no proud
warrior should ever have to execute. His subjects looked
upon him in fear, but did as he asked. He cackled madly.

He stood alone on the tundra, his tribe gone. One man.
stood nearby, a warrior who hated him. The warrior shifted
into Crinos form and lunged at Albrecht, who instantly
shifted into the battleform himself, meeting the charge full
on, his claws driving deeply into his opponent's guts, given
force by the Garou's own momentum. But the warrior still
managed to knock Albrecht over, falling with him to the
ground, his jaws snapping for Albrechr's neck.

Albrecht slipped away and leaptaside, growling loudly.
He could see now, far off in the trees, his tribe, watching the
battle, desperation in their eyes. But he saw how their
sympathy went to his opponent, and how their eyes held
only fear for him.

Hechoked backa howl of despair and grasped the Silver
Crown. He flung it from his head onto the barren earth.

He heard gasps among the trees, and his opponent
stared at the fallen crown, stunned. A massive rumbling rose
from the earth and tremors shook the ground. The warrior
tried to rise but fell again, unable to keep his balance.
Albrecht shifted into Hispo form, taking to all fours.

Theearth exploded anda massive, scaled creature vaulted
forth, swallowing the Silver Crown in its wide, toothy maw.
Albrecht howled in rage and leapt forward, sinking his teeth
deeply into the most foul-tasting flesh he'd ever tasted.
Noxious blood welled up into his mouth, choking him, but he
refused to open his jaws. The creature thrashed in pain and
agony, trying to dislodge him. The beast slammed him into
the ground and he felt almost every bone fracture at once, but
still he did not release his grip. Eventually, the thing stopped
its movements and became still.

Albrecht stood up on unsteady legs, every step agony,
and tore into the thing's belly. He poked his jaws in and
gently withdrew the Silver Crown. He loped away from the
steaming body and collapsed, the last of his strength spent.
The warrior he had faced earlier now cautiously approached
and rubbed his muzzle against Albrecht's. He then shifted
into human form and placed the crown over his head.
Albrecht closed his eyes, relieved. There was no bitter
regret, no anger, only pride that the best among the tribe
would now lead and carry on in his stead.

He opened his eyes to darkness. He felt a slight, chill
breeze ruffling his Lupus form fur, but could feel no surface
around him except the rocky floor. A light appeared some-
where ahead, as if around a corner, and as it grew brighter,

Silver Fangs


hecouldsee that he was inacavern. A single passage led out,
and the light approached him from that way.

Awhite wolfappeared and looked intohis eyes. So bright
and pure was its fur that it glowed brighter than the full moon
onaclear night. It turned and walked back down the passage.
Albrecht followed. He noticed that the wolf left no prints on
the sandy ground, and he realized whom it was he followed.
He swallowed nervously and moved to catch up to it.

He could see sunlight ahead, at the end of the passage.
A small hole led up into the world. The wolf stopped and
met his eyes again, and bowed to him. It watched as he
walked toward the hole and the light.

Albrecht stuck his head out into the world and felt a
warm breeze hit him. He sucked it in like aswimmer coming
up for air, and felt enlivened by it, as if it were the Breath of
Gaia itself.

He opened his eyes to see Evan leaning over him, a
worried look on his face.

"Hey, kid," he said. "I feel like I died and came back to
life."

"He's awake!" Evan yelled.

"Balsho-yeh spaseeba," Nightmane said under her breath,
as if speaking to someone who wasn't there. "Thank Gaia
you are well."

"What happened?" Mari said. "Are you all right? Do I
kill these two?"

"Hold on!" Albrecht said, sitting up. "Nobody kills
nobody. There's been enough of that."

"King Albrecht," Lord Byeli said, standing up slowly
from where Mari had crouched over him. "I thank the spirits
that you have come back to us. | apologize with all my heart
for my actions. I submit to whatever punishment you choose."

"Asdol," Nightmane said, prostrating herself on the floor.

Albrecht stood up. "I'd be raging at you two right now
if it hadn't been for this ornament I'm wearing. It doesn't
talk much, but when it does, | listen. ''m not sure what it
said, but I think I've figured out some of it."

"Well, tell us!" Evan said. "We've been watching you
dream for the past five minutes."

"Five?" Albrecht said. "That's surreal; seemed more like
years. First off, your totem," he said, addressing the two
foreign Garou, "had a few words with me. I think | answered
its questions to its satisfaction, but not to mine. I think you
two owe me for that one."

"Of course," Lord Byeli said in his clipped British
accent. "Anything. We knew the cost for such a ruse, and
will gladly pay it."

"Yeah, you will," Albrecht said. "You're going to tell me
everything I need to know about the customs of Russian
Fangs."

"We will rell you all," Lord Byeli said. "I know much
Silver Fang lore forgotten by the Western tribes."

"Tell me this first: why the hell do you have a British
accent?"

"was born and raised in England. My Kin were Russian,
but I was adopted into House Gleaming Eye. | was in Russia
when the Shadow Curtain rose, and my hardships there tied
memore closely tomy new comrades in the Firebird Sept than.
any [had knownathome. They are my family now. [know not
only about Russian Silver Fangs, but also about our tribe from
all over the world. I trained as a lorekeeper, and had gone to
Russia seeking forgotten secrets of our tribe."

"Did you find them?"

"Yes. And much more."

"Then you'll tell them all to me. That's my price for this
little fiasco."

Lord Byeli smiled. "You do not know how proud | am to
suffer this task. I have sworn to keep my lore secret for too
long. Now, you have pried the lock from my chest, and my
treasure hoard is yours." He bowed once more to Albrecht.

Albrechtnodded. "Good save." He looked atNightmane.
"And you, too. You'll tell me what you know also?"

"Yes, if you command it. But know this: my secrets are
more terrible than his. And one is the most terrible of all."

"Pll be the judge of that."

"Wait a minute," Evan said. "You're not done with us
yet. Spit it out! What happened after Firebird released you.
The Silver Crown started glowing."

"Yeah, it was the crown. Some sort of test. About
kingship and when to relinquish it. It showed me... I can't
say it. Not here. We'll talk about it later."

"Wait!" Nightmane said. "Please, oh king. I hunger to
know what happened. I have studied the lore of the Silver
Crown for many years. So rarely has it spoken directly to its
bearers, I must know what it told you!"

"And why the hell should | tell you?" Albrecht said, a
growl escaping, the first sign of the anger he'd been control-
ling. "You want to know? Earn it! Tell me what I want to
know, and maybe I'll tell you what the crown said. Got it?"

Nightmane bowed her head. "Yes, sire. I understand.
Forgive my trespass."

"Okay, enough of this. I'm leaving. Let me put this for
you in the high style: I hereby command you to be at my
court two days hence. If you don't show, no Russian Mafia
can save you. I'll call a hunt throughout my kingdom and
Europe, and take the fight to Tvarivich if I have to. That
clear?"

"Most clear, oh king," Lord Byeli said, bowing. "We
shall be there. I would not think of disobeying he who wears
the Silver Crown, not to mention one who has so magnani-
mously suffered our indelicate introductions."

"Allright then. In two days." Albrecht looked around.
"Where the hell'd Yuri and Yorgi go?"

"They left as soon as you collapsed," Mari said. "Scared
half to death they'd be torn to ribbons as accomplices, |
suspect."

"Ah, screw 'em," Albrecht said. "Let's go." He headed
for the stairs, Evan and Mari following behind. They went

Legends of the Garou: Heavy Lies the Crown 9


back the path they'd come, walking to Albrecht's car in
silence. Mari and Evan could both tell that Albrecht had a
lot on his mind. When they got to the car, Albrecht looked
at his packmates.

"Thanks for coming," he said. "I figured they'd pull
some shit, but nothing like that. It's sort ofan old Silver Fang
tradition to test foreign leaders in some fashion or other.
Usually, it's an honest-to-Gaia challenge, not some bullshit
spirit snare."

"Are you okay?" Evan asked. "You looked pretty ener-
gized when you woke up, but you seem pretty down now."

"That dream-realm... weird shit. This oversized wed-
ding band on my head doesn't dole out happy tests. It was
like I died. Went out fighting, but sacrificed myself for the
next generation. Or some shit like that." He grew quiet and
looked out over the ocean. "I saw the First Wolf."

Mari frowned. "Who is that?"

"An old Silver Fang legend," Albrecht said. "Death
came for Gaia, and took Her into the Underworld. The only
animal brave enough to go get her back was Wolf, buthe had
to die to do it. In return, Gaia breathed life back into him.
Buthe bore the mark of his encounter with Death eversince:
his fur was whiter than white, brighter than bleached bone."

"And you saw him?" Evan said, incredulously. "That's
a powerful ancestor-spirit if ] ever heard of one."

"Yeah, ifit was really him. It wasadream-realm afterall.
Might just of been a big case of wish fulfillment. I don't
know. It seemed real at the time. But don't all dreams?"

"Yes, but that doesn't explain that," Marisaid, pointing
toward his head.

"Huh?" Albrecht said. "The crown? Does it look differ-
ent?"

"No, but your hair does. It's more obvious in daylight
than it was in the basement: Your hair's even whiter than it
was before."

Albrecht grabbed his braided hair and looked it. "Are
you sure? I can't tell."

"She's right," Evan said. "I didn't notice it at first. 1
knew something was different but I couldn't put my finger
on it. Your hair is definitely whiter. You know what that
means."

"T'm getting old?"

"No. You really did see a ghost." Evan smiled.

Albrecht smiled back, but only half-heartedly. He
unlocked his car door. "You guys want a ride back to the city?
I can go there before heading to Vermont."

"No, we'll rake the train again," Mari said. "But if you
need us at court, don't hesitate to call. Mother Larissa will
open a bridge for us anytime we need it."

"Tknow, and I will. But these guys won't cause any more
trouble, not after that. There're rules to this sort of thing,
and they've been given a commandment. They'll behave or
I'll shove that klaive I gave them into their guts."

Mari smiled and nodded. Evan rolled his eyes.

Albrecht got in the car and revved the engine. He waved
at his packmates and backed out of the lot, speeding away
down the road. He hit the highway well over the speed limit,
staring ahead down the road and thinking about death and
the Mother Country, ancestral home of all the Silver Fangs.

Silver Fangs


INN
aE SS E SS O K

o ANGS
|

BY BILL BRIDGES AND ADAM TINWORTH

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN y
an SEY ARTES ESR TLS, SEE RD GED) TR FO RERREEN J

Cults

Authors: Bill Bridges and Adam Tinworth. Werewolf
and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Reine Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Bridges, Steve Ellis, Jeff Holt, Steve Prescott,
Jeff Rebner, Alex Sheikman

Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Corag next for Werewoffs

{504 LITTON DR.
STONE MOUNTAIN, CA
30083

USA

Game STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank charactersheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War,
Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity, Tribebook Silver Fangs, Players Guide to the Garou, Werewolf Storytellers
Companion, Tribebook Fianna and Book of Auspices are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Silver Fangs


Confoott
+egeodt of the Gabo: Meaty Liat fe Gown
hater One: peler Felton Wag ("Lirorg)
hather Theo: tate fo Sta fe King (Sockefy)
Gather Vtree: Cood Breeding (Hoaracter Creation)
apther Four: Nobiley (Tenjptlatar © Percet)

Contents
CELE cen, anram a, EE 7 A) GA RARE *

SIREN

SES

eee


And shall the figure of God's majesty,
His captain, steward, deputy elect,
Anointed, crowned, planted many years,
Be judged by subject and inferior breath?

— Shakespeare, Richard IT
He that once enters at a tyrant's door,
Becomes a slave, though he were free before.

— Sophocles
Albrecht approached the ancient throne of the North

Country Protectorate, hewn into the trunk of a huge old
oak tree. Lord Byeli waited for him there, under the
shadows of its vast branches.

"Okay, guys," Albrecht said to his entourage of sen-
eschal, Gatekeeper, Warder and others, who had followed
him from the mansion after their ritual moming breakfast and
territory update. "Disperse. I've got business with this guy."

"My lord," said Mountain Runner, Squire of the
Lodge of the Sun. "Lord Byeli has already performed the
Ceremony of Preception, as supervised by our lodge. He is
fully prepared for his task by the rules laid down in the Trail
of Elder Days."

"Good to know," Albrecht said. "Wouldn't want to
upset propriety. Okay, I'll see you guys tonight. If anything
comes up, you know where to find me."

The members of the court nodded and went their
separate ways. Albrecht walked over to the throne and sat
down, slouching.

"Moming, Lord Byeli. People treating you well here?
Hospitality all right?"

"More than I could have ever hoped for, my lord,"
Lord Byeli said, bowing. He wore a ceremonial white robe
emblazoned with golden suns. In his hair was a single falcon
feather. "Is my lord ready to begin?"

"Yeah, I'm ready." Albrecht motioned to the only other
seat there, a large, medieval-looking wooden chair that had
been placed across from the throne. Byeli sat, adjusting his
robe so that the folds were symmetrical. "So, let me get this
straight," Albrecht continued, "you instruct me during the
day, since you're Lodge of the Sun, and Nightmane instructs
me at night, since she's Lodge of the Moon?"

"Correct, my lord. So it has been done for centuries.
I will tell you things as they are, and she will tell you things
as they could have been."

"What's that supposed to mean? She's just going to
whine about what never was?"

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 15


LO AO

ee AA

"No, the difference is more subtle than that. I cannot
say for sure, for the Lodge of the Moon holds secrets they
will reveal only to kings, but as I understand it, she speaks
of more spiritual, metaphorical truths behind the deeds of
history that I shall recount."

"Okay. I think I get it. Where do we start?"

"From the beginning, of course," Lord Byeli said
"There are many creation myths told by Silver Fangs, but
those in Russia are the oldest, carved on the mountain walls
in the Urals. They are the stories told by our most ancient
ancestors, and so should be heeded by all Silver Fangs."

"Sounds right to me," Albrecht said, settling into the
throne. He knew every knot and bole on the tree, and knew
exactly the most comfortable positions to take when sitting
forlonghours. "Okay, shoot. Tell me these ancestor tales."

Creafion
The Time Bafore Tila

As all know, there was once a time when there
were no tribes, when all Garou were united only by
pack. But even before this time, there was an age
wherein no Garou had yet been born.

In this time, only the totems represented life, and
their actions during these years determined much of
their children's behavior even into our time. All Fangs
know the tale of the Wolf who rescued Gaia from
Death, and the reward she gave him of renewed life.
His fur held the Secret of Death ever after, bleached
white, for white is the true color of death, as many
cultures outside of the West know.

We Silver Fangs claim the Death Wolf as our
ancestor, for his blood is stronger in our veins than in
any other bloodline. The purity of our fur shows this.
We also follow his example to lead and act where
others shirk their duties. Remember, no other animal
would act to save Gaia at the risk of its own life —
except for Wolf. If for no other reason, this sacrifice
alone would allow the Silver Fangs to rule over all
other wolves.

But there are other reasons.

Ordtoafion of tbe Fengt at
Those Walled id

It is said by some that humans are not natural to
this world, that they were a dream of Gaia's given life
before their time, a premature birth, and so are not
fully formed, lacking fur, claws, sharp teeth, or any-
thing with which to thrive in the wild.

The Weaver took pity on them and honed their
minds until they were among the most cunning of crea-
tures— when they choose to use such cunning, for many

|

16

Ay naa

Silver Fangs

of them do not. These are among the most stupid of
beings, capable of being tricked even by that ignoramus
among totems, Monkey, whom they are said to resemble.

And yet Monkey has a tail, useful for balance and
grasping. Humans don't even have that. Perhaps they
are closer to Monkey's progeny, Ape. And yet, they
lack Ape's strength and family bonds. Truly, humans
were among the most pitiful of creatures. No wonder
even the Weaver's heart was moved for them.

Gaia felt badly for Her new children, who had
crawled from Her dream womb while She slept, before
She could awaken and birth them consciously and fully
fleshed. For this reason, humans are often called the
Hasty Ones, for their impatience to be born properly.

Gaia begged Her animal children to go to the
humans and teach them how to survive without claws
or teeth. But, as is typical, the other animals found
excuses to avoid the duty. Eagle claimed that he was
too busy shaping the clouds into beautiful forms to
please Gaia, and so could not land long enough to
speak to humans. Deer complained that humans could
not keep up, and so could not hear her lesson. Bear
grumbled that they would wander away when he slept
the Long Sleep, and would forget what he had told
them by the time he awoke.

Who, then, finally accepted Gaia's task? Who was
selfless enough to do what the others refused? Wolf, of
course. Well, wolves, really, for Wolf had by this time
whelped many children. Some packs agreed to go to
the humans and teach them to survive.

But of course, humans feared them and fled as soon
as they saw the wolves come near. They hid in caves
were the wolves could not reach them, and shivered in
fear when the wolves gathered outside, howling for
them to come out.

Now, as was true of many animals back then,
wolves could wear different shapes, so they consulted
their alpha and realized that they had to take the
shapes of humans if they were to walk among them.
And this they did. They soon joined humans in their
caves and told them many stories, and led them out-
side, where they could instruct them on the names of
other beings, such as Acorn, Larva, and even Yam,
from whom they could feed.

Eventually, after they won the humans' trust, they
took them hunting. Some humans had already used
the Weaver's clever gifts to make flint knives and
spears. Although these things were strange to the
wolves, they saw them as acceptable substitutes for
fangs. They taught humans to use these things when
hunting other animals, and — more importantly —
they taught them how to call to the Animal Elders and
gain permission to hunt.

|


CY SQN

ae ANS NN

But humans were still weak. Only in numbers were
they strong. It was a good thing that wolves taught
them, for wolves had long known the secret of forming
packs and working together against prey. They taught
this secret to humans, who then used it to form hunting
parties, and then families, and then tribes, and then
whole cultures and civilizations.

Then again, perhaps it was not such a good thing
that their first instructors were wolves. Maybe the
world would be better off if Mole had not shirked his
duty. Then perhaps humans would be more like the
tiny shrews they today believe they once evolved from,
deftly dodging the heavy steps of giant lizards.

The Weavers Wrafh

Well, soon enough, humans become more be-
holden to the wolf-men than to the Weaver. This, of
course, did not go over well with the Weaver, who has
always been jealous of her adopted children, for it is
hard for her to birth her own. She cursed the wolf-men
to remain in their human forms forever, barring them
from their own kind.

The wolf-men howled in misery and begged Gaia
to undo the curse, but Gaia, tearfully, could not undo
the Weaver's work on Her own. But She hadasister....

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing

Luna heard the cries of the wolf-men and knew the
sacrifice they had made. She came to them and told of
a way they might regain their forms, for she is the
Changing One, and knows well the arts of shapeshifting
and skin-sloughing.

Ttwasa cruel and harsh solution: the wolf-men had
to hunt the humans, and so destroy all the good will
they had gained. Only by reversing their teachings,
and instilling fear in humans, could they undo the
Weaver's threads of fate and become fully wolfen
again. But it was no mere hunt that was called for: they
had to slay the human leaders, the alphas and betas of
the human packs, those who knew the ways of the
wolf-men best.

And so, the wolf-men turned on the humans,
hounding them to their caves with their own spears
and clubs. And they fell on the human leaders and
stabbed them cruelly.

All but one among them. She raised her spear to
strike a human man she had come to love, but did not
have the heart to drive it down into his flesh. Tears
came to her eyes and she dropped her spear. She
opened her arms to embrace the human, but he fled
from her. She knew then that she could never again
live happily as a wolf, and could never again live

17


among the humans she had almost killed. She lifted
the spear and drove it into her own body, her last words
a wolf howl of pain and sorrow.

The others had passed Luna's test; one failed. For
this reason, only some of the threads of fate were
severed. Luna declared that each wolf-man had to
choose what form he would wear from then on, but
that, in times of strife, they would wear neither form,
wearing instead a form in-between, a form of rage and
war, a shape that would strike fear in all creatures.

They were no longer wolves, but neither were they
men. They were Garou.

Some chose to take the form of wolves again, and
they returned to their kind, but were ever after outsid-
ers from their kind, not part of their packs. Others,
reminded of their love for humans by their packmate's
suicide, chose the form of humans, but were likewise
ostracized by their new kind. And thus were the breeds
of Garou established.

As a curious note, you will rarely ever find metis
legends among the Silver Fangs. Noancient creation myth.
— at least, none highly regarded — treats with them.

Feeling pity on the Garou, and because they had
proven their fidelity to Gaia, Luna chose from among
them the alphas and betas of all the packs, and bestowed
upon them the Touch of Silver. Her breath stirred their
fur and her moonglow ignited it, creating a lamp in the
darkness, a fiery beacon to all other Garou. These were
the rightful chosen, Those Who Lead.

But she whispered to them the conditions of her
spell: that they would rule only so long as they were
righteous, and even then, each of them would rule for
no more than seven years, after which they must step
down and allow another to rule in their stead — or else
gloriously die in battle.

"Whoa, hold on there," Albrecht said. "That doesn't
explain the other Changing Breeds. If only Wolf made the
sacrifice to teach humans, how come other animals have
changing races also?"

"This is not their tale," Lord Byeli said. "It does not
concern them. However, you are not the first to raise such
aquestion. I suspect there is a tale that explains it, but it has
been lost. Perhaps Gaia, in Her anger at the other animals
for refusing to help humans as She asked, cursed some of
their children to become partly human. In this way, the
Garou were not alone, although only the Garou have the
right to lead others, for only they had earned that right."

Albrecht shrugged. "Whatever. It's interesting and all,
but these stories are so... archaic. They're like fairy tales:
they've got some truth in them, but it's hard to tell what.
Things certainly didn't happen the way they said they did."

"Oh?" Lord Byeli said. "And how are they wrong?
Can you say with surety that the world was not different

18 Silver Fangs

nN

long ago? Science and its speculations, based largely on
bones and carbon inform the modern worldview. But not
one scientist living today saw these events. Our ancestors,
however, did, and they tell us these stories are true. Their
spirits confirm these tales whenever they are called."

"If that's so," Albrecht said, "how come so many
stories differ? They can't all be true."

"And why not?" Lord Byeli said. "Could not different
stories have taken place in different lands, each with its own
spiritual rules? Why must Gaia' s creation be uniform and true
everywhere? There are different degrees of Wyld, Weaver and
Wyrm in all aspects of Her creation. Why not different laws
or physics for different places, all within the same era?"

"Pretty postmodern of you," Albrecht said. "I'm
willing to accept that, spiritually speaking, things happened
differently in the Umbrain those days, and maybe bled over
to the material world a lot more."

"Bled over? But my lord, there was no Gauntlet in those
days. There was no barrier between physical and spiritual —
eachpartook of the other in varying degrees. Those spirits that
gained too much matter became the stones, mountains, trees
and rivers we know today. Those that gained too much spirit
had no children in the material world, and so their kind is
unknown except in legend and fable."

"Alright, enough metaphysics. What about this ban
Luna put on the Fangs? Seven years? Hardly seems like
enough time."

"Indeed. And yet, it made perfect sense from one
perspective, for it represented a lifetime... for a wolf. But
Garou lived the span of a human, which was much longer.
It was a crippling ban when measured in human years. The
kings were not content to accept it, and so they sought an
ally whose power could circumvent it..."

The Suns Decree

Formany years, the Fangs accepted Luna's ban and
tuled the Garou for only seven years each. Elaborate
rites developed for the many ways in which a seventh-
year king could be deposed on the dawn of his eighth
year. Some were challenges to combat, others trials of
gamecraft. Those kings capable of winning these chal-
lenges were allowed to stretch their rule for one more
moon cycle, after which, the challenges would come
again. In this way, some truly great kings were able to
reign for more than the allotted seven years.

The time came, however, when even this would
end. The Wyrm had grown strong and sent many
monsters across many lands. The Fangs were sorely
tested leading many Garou packs against them, some-
times traveling far to strange places from which they
could not easily return.

Remember, in this era, there were still no tribes.
There were the Garou and there were their leaders, the


a

Silver Fangs, those who had been Touched by Luna to
lead. These far travels the packs undertook spread the
Garou wide across the land. Many of the battles
resulted in the deaths of the leaders — who were then
always in the forefront, rarely leading from behind —
leaving the packs with no Moon-ordained alphas.

Some of the pack members who took leadership in
the Fangs' stead were worthy of the duty, but others
were not. It was a tragic time. From this vacuum of
leadership, the other tribes were created. Who can
blame them? They had to survive on their own in
foreign lands, far from the Mother Country, with no
new Silver Fangs to replace their fallen leaders. Even
the best among them soon grew to believe that their
new leaders were better than the Fangs. Of course, this
was because they were more cowardly, and avoided
fighting the Wyrm creatures that crawled the Earth.
Hence, their packmates tended to survive longer, even
if they could notsee the true cost their cowardly tactics
levied on the world.

But they convinced themselves that they were
more successful, that they didn't need the Fangs. The
lowest of them all were the Shadow Lords, who con-
fused leadership with cunning. Those who proved
most capable of lying to their brethren, and so prolong-
ing their leadership, were deemed most worthy of all.

So, these other tribes, some of them now resentful
of the Fangs, swayed by the honeyed words of cowards,
did not throw down their rulers after seven years.
Capable of sustaining rule for longer times, these tribes
did indeed have an advantage over the Fangs.

While this went on, the Wyrm grew stronger, for
there were fewer Garou willing to prune its weed-like
growths wherever they appeared. Eventually, these
weeds grew into mighty stalks that none could fell.

The Beast-of-War itself walked openly across the
Earth, and the other tribes cringed from it. Not all of
them, mind you; the Get of Fenris boldly sallied forth
against it, as did the Black Furies and Red Talons. But
their leaders, although courageous, were not as wise or
honorable as the Silver Fangs. They had victories, but
many more defeats.

The Silver Fangs risked the safety of their own
homelands to send emissaries forth, leaders to take
over the runtling packs of other tribes and lead them
to proper victory. It was a success, and the other tribes
bowed low and bared their necks to the Fangs in
submission, recognizing the White Lords' true role
among the Garou.

But the cost was terrible. While their numbers
were low in the Mother Country, the Beast-of-War
struck. It tore across the land, destroying swaths of
forest in its path. Even today, the tundra refuses to

grow as many trees as once it did. The Silver Fangs
rallied what forces they could, but with their numbers
weak, they could not long prevail.

There was at that time a mighty leader among
them, the greatest of Silver Fangs yet, Arak Mam-
moth-Bold. It was his reluctant ruling to send forth
members of his kind to lead others in far places,
weakening his own forces. As fate had it, he was at the
end of his seven-year rule. None among his brethren,
however, were fit to face this most terrible of tests, to
turn back the Beast-of-War. And all knew it. None
would challenge him, for none wanted to lose his
leadership in this most dire of times.

He resolved to continue his reign, and so raised his
stone sword, bound with three war spirits, and led his
pack forth, to confront the Beast itself. As they ap-
proached the battlefield, open tundra where the Beast
had paused in its march, the sun rose on the horizon.
Before the night's gloom had fully departed, however,
a blue glow descended from the sky, from the region in
which the moon had gone to sleep, her night's duty
complete. A Lune appeared before the war party and
addressed the king.

"Remember Luna's ban, oh king of the Silver
Fangs," it said. "You must step down and let another
assume your post."

Arak growled in rage and thrust his claws at the
meddlesome Lune, but it disappeared as the light of day
shone through it. He ordered his pack onwards, but they
hesitated. They feared to break Luna's decree, now that
her spirit servant had come to remind them of it.

Arak saw that, without their full consent, the
battle would go badly for them. His sharp eye then
caught a movement in the sky above. It was a falcon,
wheeling above them in an ever-widening circle, greet-
ing the Sun, his Celestine lord.

"Ho!" Arak called to it. "Lord Falcon! How is that
you rule the skies every morning with none to question
your role or to depose it after seven years?"

The falcon wheeled downwards and lit onto a
nearby branch, regarding Arak with a regal curiosity.
"J rule the sky by the will of my liege, Helios, Emperor
of the Day and Lord of Light. His rule is eternal and
unchanging. Although he denies his grace to the world
for a number of hours so that night may come, he does
so only because Gaia has asked it of him. He is a
gracious and merciful ruler."

"And how does one gain his fealty?" Arak said.

Falcon bent his head, more curious now. "He
cannot be approached by mortals, for his fire is too hot
and would burn them to cinders ere they even entered
his palace. You must reach him through one of his own,

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 19

Sw 6493 SS

aay


a lordling such as I. But why do you ask this, wolf-
changer? Your Lady is Luna. By her grace do you shift
shapes and deliver your anger against your foes."

"Our Lady is fickle and irrational," Arak said. His
packmates sucked in their breaths to hear him say such
a blasphemous thing, but he continued. "She allows us
torule, but only for seven years each. And yet, the other
tribes, who do not even bear her Touch, may ruleas long
as they can hold their thrones. And humans live still
longer, giving their rule even to their blood progeny."

"Humans do so only by dint of Helios' grace," the
falcon said. "They appeal to my lord through prayer,
and at times, he responds. It is his wish that their rulers
be consistent and unchanging. Although he cannot
take death away from them, he can ordain their contin-
ued rule by familial lineage."

"If swore my fealty and that of all my tribe to you,
oh falcon, would your Lord then grant me the same?
Long rule?"

The falcon wassilent fora time, as if pondering the
ramifications of such a request. His feathers then
began to glow, as if lit from within, and his eyes grew
sharp. The Garou all stared intently at him, for they
knew that he was no longer just a falcon, but had
become inhabited by the Falcon, the Animal Elder of

eS 7 aan

that race. It spoke: "You are wise, wolf-changer king.
None before has thought to do this thing. Helios would
not deign to intrude upon Luna's realm unasked, but
since you have asked it, I shall grant it. If you swear your
tribe's fealty to me and mine, then through me, Helios
shall ordain your kingship for so long as you live. But
my Lord cannot undo what you are: You must still
follow the lawssetforth among yourkind. Ifoneof your
own should challenge your rule, by your own laws for
such things, then, should he win, he shall be rightful
king thereafter, until he in turn is challenged. But by
my Lord's decree, no such challenge will henceforth be
required after seven years of rule."

"Then I swear it," Arak said. "I pledge my spirit and
that of my tribe to thee, great and honorable Falcon,
that you might spare us now from the fickle law of Luna
and allow me to lead my kind against the Wyrm."

"It is done!" Falcon cried and spread his wings,
launching himself into the air. He circled above them,
widerand wider, until itseemed thathe had drawnacircle
of light into the sky, fiery and blazing: Dawn had come.

Arak howled a war cry and charged into the field.
His pack and followers also howled, thrilled with the
new power their tribe had gained. Nothing could stand
in their way now. Boldly they ran toward war.


And so the Silver Fangs adopted a human form of
leadership, ordained by the Sun, forsaking their more
wolfen form original given to them by Luna. But think
not that they forsook Luna herself. No, for they pledged
their victories to her, and howled their stories and tales
toher every night, that she should not be lonely on her
sky vigil. Many stories are told about how they came to
rescue her in later years from many a Wyrm foe. Proud
she was of her sister's children, now all grown up and
standing on their own.

"Hold on there," Albrecht said. "That's fine and all,
but what happened with the battle? Did they win?"

"No," Lord Byeli said. "They lost. They wounded the
creature, which was, of course, only a manifestation of the
Beast-of-War, such that it crawled away and was later
easily killed by other Garou; Black Furies, I believe."

"What?! You build up this big moment and that's it.
They lost?"

"The battle is not the point, my lord. [twas the winning
of Falcon's promise and our tribe's pledge to the totem. It
is the key to our continued rule of the Garou Nation. We
are ordained by both the Sun and the Moon, something no
other tribe can declare. Oh, certainly, they all wish to think
their totems give them great power, but how do you rule an
entire people with the approval of a giant thundercloud, for
Gaia's sake? | mean, really. Its power may be daunting at
times, I'll grant, but it cannot come close to the awesome
might of the Celestines."

"Back up. Rewind. Arak Mammoth-Bold. What
happened to him?"

"He died in that battle, but not before leading many
sorties against the creature, all expertly planned. He was a
master tactician." Lord Byeli paused for a moment, as if
gathering his thoughts. "I apologize, my lord. I should have
understood your interest better. Arak was agreat king, and
I understand full well your interest in his fate, as a king
yourself. Forgive me. I sometimes know these stories too
well, and forget that others recognize in them facets that I
often overlook. I apologize also to his spirit, should it still
look over our tribe. May he bless you with his wisdom."

"It's still a letdown. I was hoping he'd come through."

"With Garou, itis not so much the matter of death as it
is the manner in which they lived their life. All Garou die; it
is what they achieve in life that is important. Arak achieved
a great thing for our tribe. Without Falcon's blessing and
intercession with Helios, itis doubtful we couldhave survived
the leadership challenges of the other tribes, whose leaders
could rule many more years than we were allowed."

"Why not just ignore Luna's ruling? What would she
have done?"

"T donot know what her reaction would have been, but
the other tribes would know, and our claim to sacred

as EPL FY ST Nr mene

kingship would have been ignored. We would not today
have lordship over the others — no matter how little it is
recognized — without such a sacred pact. It is what makes
us different, higher than the others. We remember such
things, even if too many of them forget."

Lord Byeli stood up. "We have spoken enough today.
Itis now your time to see to the doings of your kingdom, and
to ponder what was said. Tonight, Nightmane shall meet
with you here and tell her side of the tale."

Albrecht simply nodded and waited for Lord Byeli to
leave. He then stood and up and stretched, thinking about
what he heard. He shook his head skeptically and headed to
the mansion.

Thatevening, after moonrise, he returned to the throne.
Nightmane waited there for him, in ablack robe embroidered
with silver moons. He smiled and motioned for her to sit in
the wooden chair, which she did, after bowing to him.

He sat on the throne. "Well, what do you have to add
to Byeli's tale?"

"I spoke with him," Nightmane said, "and he informed
me of the stories he told-you. I suspect that he did not tell you
everything about them."

"Oh? What did he leave out?"

"He left nothing intentionally unsaid. But he does not
know the secret am prepared to give you, if you would have it."

"Is this the one you warned me about? The ‘most
terrible' of all?"

Nightmane watched the king in silence for a moment,
before answering. "It is. You will not be so casual once you
have learned it. Be sure you wish to bear its weight before
I impart it to you."

"You people
for it. What is it?

"Tt is the Secret of Kingship."

The Secret of Kiygbie

The pact the Silver Fangs had made with Falcon
helped them to prosperas never before. But Lord Byeli did
not tell the complete story about Luna's reaction to this
pact. Certainly, herapproval was eventually won, in many
ways. But her first reaction was to feel bitter betrayal.

Luna shows us many faces. It is hard for her to hide
emotion. Once she feels an emotion, she feels it fully,
more possessed by it than we mortals can imagine.
Once the feeling passes, she leaves it behind her, as if
itnever happened. She is indeed fickle, and impossible
to define. What few among our kind recognize about
her is that these sloughed off emotions do not go away;
theyattaina life of their own, if they are strong enough,
and unresolved.

so damn dramatic. Okay, I'm ready

Yes, Luna quickly overcame her anger at the Silver
Fang's pledge to Falcon and Helios. Does not Helios

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 21

ALE TEEN VL, GE A) LD RTE


Serene serene ume a aren coe arv-omr  a rumcewrenmnrarenv

provide the very light that she captures and projects
into the world at night, alchemically transfigured by
her strange essence? She cannot hate those who serve
the Sun, although she can be jealous or angry with
them at times.

But not all of her overcame the betrayal. Her
bitterness became a being of its own, although not in
the way we understand spirit births. It is not separate
from her — it is her, and yet, it is not. It is one of her
faces, although not one that is ever visible in her
cycles. If you meet Luna, she may be graceful and
beautiful, while when next you meet her, she is wicked
and harsh, and then humorous and flighty the next.
She has many aspects, not all of them old — the
victories and tragedies of her children often create new
aspects, some short-lived, others eternal.

Her bitterness is of the latter: long lasting and
unresolved. She was wrathful at the news of the tribe's
pledge to Falcon, and refused to succor the Silver Fangs
after that. No Moon Bridge would open for them, no
Moon Path lead true.

Toappease her, the Silver Fangs created the Lodge
of the Moon. It was the initial mission of the Lodge to
win back the love of Luna, to gain her forgiveness for
their allegiance to Helios. Not all the Fangs agreed
that such groveling was necessary; they felt Luna
should accept what had happened and still support
them, out of duty to her sister, Gaia. These Fangs
formed the Lodge of the Sun in response, to reaffirm
their new pact with Helios.

Foralong time, the two Lodges resented each other.
Only the counsel of kings kept them from tearing each
other's throats out. Their duty was to the tribe as a
whole, and to report to the king and act at his behest.

The Moon Lodgers spent many long years quest-
ing to win back the heart of Luna. Their stories are
frightening and tragic, but also instructive and ulti-
mately victorious, for their sacrifices eventually did
win her back, and she once again accepted the Silver
Fangs and gave to them her gifts.

But the Betrayed Moon did not forgive. This
aspect of Luna refused to accept the Fangs' entreaties,
and reinforced the Moon's original spell: those Silver
Fangs who ruled past their allotted seven-year time
would suffer her curse. It would afflict the tribe and
poison their ability to rule.

Her curse was madness. Insanity, lunacy, de-
rangement.

All these things are delivered unto us by our
betrayal of the Moon, by her scorned pride at our
faithless act. Few are the kings who can escape it
entirely, although many have circumvented it inclever
ways or through the constant, tireless intervention of

a 2

Falcon. Seven years, my lord. You have seven years in
which you may reign before the Betrayed Moon's curse
descends on you. Then you will slowly go mad, as so
many kings before you have.

"Bullshit!" Albrecht said, standing up and slamming
his hands onto the arms of the throne. "I'm not going to buy
into that! I swore that] would never become like Morningkill,
and I'm not going to let some spooky ancestor tale convince
me that | am."

"Believe what you will, my lord," Nightmane said. "T
speak the truth, a secret our Lodge has kept hidden for
centuries, revealingit only to select kings whom we believed
were capable of overcoming the curse, of perhaps even
ridding us of it forever."

Albrecht grew quiet and stared at Nightmane. "Me?
Why do you think I can avoid this ‘terrible and mighty' fate?"

"You wear the Silver Crown. You were tempered by
humility in exile from the tribe. Your packmates are not
even Silver Fangs. You have worked hard to unite the
tribes, not through solar decree, but through trust and
example. These qualities are respected by Luna. She clearly
favors you."

"Yeah? I thought this Betrayed Moon aspect was sort
of separate from Luna?"

"Itis. And itisn't. The more aspects of the Moon that
favor you, the more they outweigh their bitter sister self.
And there is the Crown — forged from moonbeams but
wrought by Falcon's brood. Itis a mighty artifact that unites
both Lodges of the tribe, representing the accord between
the Sun and Moon."

"So let me get this straight: You're telling me that the
madness our tribe suffers from — the afflictions the other
tribes accuse us of — are not personal character flaws or
taints in the bloodline, but an actual curse from a forgotten
aspect of the Moon?"

Nightmane nodded.

"And if this is the case, why hasn't anyone done
anything about it before?"

"For one, it is a terrible shame. Imagine «what this
would do to our tribe's standing among the other tribes?
They barely respect us now, and do so only because of our
heritage. If that heritage were to come under question...
Not to mention the sheer anger and hate they would bear us
if they knew us to be accursed by Luna."

"An aspect of Luna, right? Not Luna herself."

"Yes, and again, no. Itis different, and yet the same."

"But we'd be run out of town regardless, right?"

Nightmane simply nodded.

"If this Betrayed Moon were so powerful, how come
our tribe hasn't completely succumbed yet? What's keeping
us all from becoming a bunch of gibbering idiots?"

22 Silver Fangs

V (ff {SPADE US. Ey EP ALES DX SIE CD, ETE LEEDS CLOT)


"Because we are strong, my lord. We are Silver Fangs,
and we do not bend easily no matter the pressure brought to
bear. Andour spirit allies aid us to circumvent the Betrayed
Moon's power. Falcon constantly tests us and renews our
purpose. We rule under his wing. His brood searches for
quests and trials that will protect us from the Moon's anger,
and so prolong our time without the curse.

"Falcon did so when he chose you. I have heard the tales.
You were despondent, exiled from the tribe, but Falcon still
intervened to bring you back. This was not only for you, but
also for the tribe. He knew that you hada better chance than
most of avoiding the curse, orat least staving it offlonger than
others. Clearly, Arkady, even though he was never king,
succumbed to it." She bowed her head in sorrow.

"So what now?" Albrecht said. "How the hell do I
continue pretending things are normal after you've un-
loaded this on me?"

"I tried to warn you of its weight. You must never
reveal it to another, except for a king you deem worthy of
it. Noteven Lord Byeli may know it — especially not Byeli,
for he is a Sun Lodger. Many Moon Lodgers have died to
keep the Secret of Kingship from others, to protect the Silver
Fang lineage and hereditary rights of leadership. Perhaps,
now that you know it, you can see a way to overcome it, to
win back the cold and distant heart of the Betrayed Moon.
Itis said chat even an aspect of Lunaas long-lived as this one
can be dispersed, changed, metamorphosed into another
aspect, perhaps its opposite: devotion."

Albrecht said nothing. He stared into the sky, at the
moon, in its waxing half moon phase. Nightmane stood.

"I shall go now. There is no more to comment upon
tonight. Tomorrow, Lord Byeli will have new tales for you,
and | shall add what I can to them that night." She waited
for Albrecht to dismiss her.

Eventually, he waved his hand at her, a distracted
gesture. She shifted into her wolf form and padded away,
across the field and into the woods. Albrecht kept staring
into the night sky, his thoughts his own.

Juperytore

And so we begin again, my lord. Today, on this
bright morning, | shall discuss a not-so-bright topic:
the Impergium and our role in it.

We were foremost in leading the attempt to cull
humanity of its excessive numbers, and to chase them
from their cities so they could once again roam the
land, living on itand by its graceful bounty, rather than
taking from it. King Rests-the-Moon declared the
Hunt, after seeking Gaia's wisdom. The other tribes,
for the most part, whole-heartedly agreed. This was
their long awaited moment, allowing them to finally
wreak vengeance for all the slights humans had deliv-
ered onto them over the years.

SS ae

ee

In our zeal to return balance to the world, we com-
pletely missed the signs of imbalance that took place in
the Umbra. In far Realms, many of themas yet undiscov-
ered by our kind, spirits responded to the savagery we
delivered unto the humans. Some grew hungry to expe-
rience it, and they slithered forth from their hidden holes
to possess humans, exulting in the death of their hosts
under our claws, empowered by it. Othersabhorred it,and
took wing to cry out the injustice to whoever had ears to
hear. The Children of Gaia and the Stargazers heard, and
gave voice to these concems in moots.

The Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo had always
been closer to their human kind than other tribes. To
their credit, they kept their Kin in balance, holding
strong to the old ways, spurning the Weaver's gifts.
Disgusted at the slaughter we initiated, they took their
people and left. Heading east, they were delivered by
abridge toa whole new land. Did this land exist before
they quested for it, or did Gaia build it for them? They
claim the latter. It was no concern of ours, however, for
we cared not that they left, and knew not where they
had gone for many, many centuries. They had always
been critical of our rule, anyway. If they felt they could
do better, then let them try. We believed they would
soon return, tails between their legs, hungry and for-
lorn. That they did not angered some of us, but there
were more pressing concerns than runaway cubs.

You see, the Weaver had woven her webs tightly
around humans. Their fates were stitched to her, and
anything that befell them, was felt by her, for her webs
stretched far into distant regions of the Umbra, and
their vibrating sent shocks through those regions as
the humans they were tied to fell to our fangs.

The Weaver was already mad, although perhaps
not as crazed as she would later become. But think of
the effect of a thousand webs jangling and shaking as
one, and then snappingand falling. Such was the result
when we killed so many of her chosen; we unknow-
ingly cut the webs that bound them.

Unfortunately, these webs also served to tie cer-
tainspiritsdown. Human minds dreamed many strange
things, and some of these were given birth to as spirits
in the Deep Umbra. To keep them in their places, the
Weaver wove wards and barriers between them and
the minds that had created them, but she did not sever
the cords that kept them connected, and so these
things still gained life from human dreams.

What were these things? The Glass Walkers could
surely tell you more about them, if they were forced to
divulge their secrets. They were the earliest spirits of
technology, ephemera created not from raw nature,
but from human minds. We know and recognize them
today as the spirits of trains, cars, guns and even

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 23

mee

|

computers. Back then, they were perhaps spirits of
bows and arrows, wagons and cities. However, most of
them had yet to influence the material world and find
expression there. In other words, these actual wagons
and cities had yet to be invented. For now, they were
mere dreams, distant, barred from the material world
by the Weaver's wards.

Imagine acord tightly bound around a human, and
that it stretches, taut, into the distance, to another
being—a spirit—in the Deep Umbra. Now, yank that
cord and what happens? One or the other is drawn
toward the place where you exert your tugging. In this
case, it was often enough to yank the spirits from the
Deep Umbra into the Near Umbra, pulling them
through the Weaver's wards. Like aspider web breached
bya bumblebee, the wards disintegrated, blown on the
Umbral winds. The spirits of human invention were
free to enter the Near Umbra and find their way to the
material world, tracing the threads that connected
them to their dreamers.

lam sure you are wondering why this is important
in the context of the Impergium. Most tales of this time
tell us our mistake was tactical, that we killed too many
humans and put too great a fear in them. This is surely
true, but it was also spiritual: our actions had ecological
effects throughout the Umbra that we couldn't begin
to understand.

At first, only the Stargazers realized what was
happening, for they were always wary of the Weaver.
They tried to warn us and the other tribes, but we did
not heed them, mistaking their esoteric speech for
weak talk of peace.

Only when Falcon intervened did we finally listen.
The spirit world was growing chaotic; these new human-
created spirits were overturning ancient pacts and invad-
ing territories long established. A great moot was held by
the Celestines, and Falcon was sent to convey their
ruling: the Impergium must end. Finally, all the tribes
convened in Pangaea, stripped of their tribal differences,
to listen to the Celestines' decree. The Silver Fangs
respected that ruling and declared the Hunt over. No
more would Garou hunt humans en masse.

Many today grumble that it was the end of the
Impergium that ruined everything: humans now grew
rampant and unstoppable, more tied to the Weaver
than ever before. Few of the other tribes remember the
truth behind this: that the Impergium loosed human
dreams on the world. Whereas before, these idea spirits
were bound beyond the worlds, destined to remain
mere dreams, forgotten upon waking, they now in-
vaded the Umbra and possessed their human dreamers,
driving them to achieve in material reality the things
they had before been content to merely imagine. Soon

24 Silver Fangs

enough, humans were settling down to grow their food
rather than hunt it, building cities to house their now-
codified castes and classes, and imagining new Weaver
tools with which to conquer the world.

Do we take full blame for the Impergium? By no
means. Other tribes say that we were too tainted by our
pact with Helios, that we had become too enamored of
the Sun's conquering nature. Nonsense. Most of the
tribes who levy this action were far more involved in the
actual hunting than we. They were the ones who begged
us for the right to hunt humans. They cannot now claim
innocence when we gave them what they wanted.

Leaving fhe Mopar Comopey

One of the sad results of the end of the Impergium
was our tribe's decision to no longer rule from our
homeland alone. We sent new emissaries out to lead
other packs. It was clear that, without a strong pres-
ence from our tribe, the other tribes would continue to
involve us in their troubles, disrupting the balance of
the material and spiritual worlds.

And so whole packs were chosen to go forth,
leaving the Mother Country, to enter the territories of
other tribes and claim a portion for themselves. Of
course, the other tribes resisted us at first, sometimes
with fierce battles and no quarter. But others would just
as often aid us, granting us good land withouta fight, and
helping us to secure territory in another tribe's regions.
In this way, we gained footholds in Western Europe, the
Mediterranean and the Middle East.

Following the Impergium, we knew that humans
had to be watched more closely than ever before. Not
just watched, but ruled. Like the first wolf teachers, we
knew that we had to walk among them in their shapes,
and never let them know that Garou lived beside
them. Most humans believed werewolves lived only in
the wilds, and that the cities were poison to them.
What's more, they believed we only came out at night,
under the moon. They mistook our preferences for our
limitations. We used these superstitions against them.

The Silver Fangs declared that the royal blood-
lines among humans everywhere belonged to them,
that only they could breed with chieftains and kings.
The other tribes would have to be content with the
lesser classes. This rule was heeded, but only to a
degree. In those places where Silver Fangs had not yet
gone, the other tribes freely broke this rule. As time
passed, they would break it even more frequently.

Now the Fangs did not always live in distant
caerns, but some lived in and among the humans,
trying to rule and guide them to stay with the old ways,
rather than adopt the new. Unfortunately, many of our
kings became enamored of human ways, and some

Por rom peace inrr  4 /,

|


engaged in campaigns to build empires from their
human Kinfolk's civilizations. But these experiments
were still many long ages away. For now, the Silver
Fangs spread out from the homeland and chose human.
Kin to breed with and create royal lines of descent.

As they came to these other lands and began to
truly see them for the first time, after living among
them, they suspected a new danger lurking among
them — but not among the Garou. It would be a
number of years before it could be rooted out, but the
problem was soon laid bare: the perfidy of the other
shapechanging races.

War of Rage

As you will recall, none of the other animals in the
Ancient Days would heed Gaia's calls to duty, but for
Wolf. The shapechanging progeny of these animals
were just as selfish and shortsighted. They went about
what they believed to be their business, scornful of the
Garou. In many times and places, they attempted to
prevent the Garou from doing their duty to maintain
the world in balance. During the Impergium, they
even raised claws or wings against us when we culled
their Kinfolk herds. Such effrontery can be forgiven,
but not their betrayal of Gaia Herself. They chose to
spurn the natural world and ally with the new spirits
born from the dreams of humans.

The Bastet were perhaps the worst traitors, accept-
ing a secret power from certain human wizards that
allowed them to create their own spirit Realms apart
from others, perceivable only by themselves. In this
way, they thought to escape our rule.

The Corax were always fascinated with human
tools, and they often stole them to place in their nests.
Now, however, they fraternized with the spirits of
these tools. Their fealty to the Sun saved them from.
the worst of our anger, but they still had to be put in
their place.

The others had similar crimes, whether they bred
with royal human bloodlines reserved for the Silver
Fangs or refused to yield territory to them. It was clear
that these upstarts had to be dealt with, and placed
firmly under our rule.

The War of Rage was felt across the world. Al-
though it was far less devastating in the Americas, its
effects in the spirit world bled through and affected
even the Pure Lands. We now concede that this war
wasa terrible mistake, not because it was unwarranted,
but because its full effects were far worse than even we
had foreseen. It was not merely a war for territory or to
conquer, for wherever shapeshifters are involved, spir-
its are also involved. The entire spirit world was
embroiled in the conflict, forced to choose sides. Most

Seren sre aerrceren rea Nes ae

chose our side, of course, knowing that we would be
ultimately victorious. But many did so out of fear
rather than choice, and that has tainted many of our
relations with these spirits ever since.

Certain spirits aided the Fera in their fight, seeing
it as a struggle for liberty against our oppression. The
underclasses have always been quick to claim lofty
ideals to defend their crimes. Regardless of who was
right and who was wrong, the battles were terrible. It
could not continue.

This time, we needed no Celestine counsel to tell
us the proper course of action. We could see clearly the
devastation wrought and the friendships destroyed.
We declared and end to the war and a truce with our
enemies. Other tribes like to claim the initiative in
this, and certainly, tribes such as the Children of Gaia
had been a voice against the war all along, but it was
not their decision to end the war. It was ours.

We sought to ameliorate the wounds by defining
territories and breeding herds, and some of these were
accepted, even though the Fera usually got the worst of
the lands and stock. In some places, these offers were
refused, with the inevitable result being that the Fera
had to migrate elsewhere, to lands Garou tribes showed
little interest in. The world was wide and vast then —
larger, I believe, than it is now, and I do not mean
metaphorically —so there were many lands they could
move into, places where humans had not yet erected
cities that required our vigilance.

And so peace was returned. We ruled the Mother
Land and many other lands where humans had spread,
and left the hinterlands to the other tribes and the
Fera. Some complain even today about this, but were
we not giving them the best territories, places still
prime with Gaian bounty? We made the sacrifice to
stay near the cities, close to humans and their daily
depredations, forsaking the wild places our hearts yet
yearned for. We kept some caerns, certainly, but did
not make new ones in the wilds.

All this bounty was granted to others, and yet still
they whined like hungry pups seeking more scraps.
Eventually, we shut our ears to their selfish chorus and
set about ruling by our own counsel, with little heed to
the petty whimpers of our pampered brethren.

Albrecht nodded and crinkled his brow. "Look, I've
been patient and respectful and all, but... this is a lot like
the kind of bullshit I've heard for years, about how we can.
dono wrong, andit's always the other guys' fault that things
went bad. Do we have a congenital defect, a complete
inability to fess up to our mistakes?"

Lord Byeli grunted in consternation, frowning. "I
don't understand. Where were we at fault? In choosing to
bear our burden, no matter the cost to our popularity? None

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 25

|


|

could have possibly ruled more wisely in such troubled
times, given what little information we had then. It is
always easy to look back and see one's faults; itis not so easy
to look forward to predict them."

"You're kidding me, right? The War of Rage was
justified, even if it did step over the bounds a bit? It was
genocide. Us versus them, because we didn't like the way
they looked at us, or got insulted when they didn't do
everything we said."

Lord Byeli's eyes sparked with anger and he let loose a
low groul, clearly holding back his rage. "Youwere not there,
ohking. Youdid not make those decisions. Our ancestors did.
For too long they have been blamed for only the bad that came
of things, never praised for the good. But were it not for their
sacrifices, no one today would remember the bad, for no one
today would be alive to whine about it. Should we have let the
Fera burn the forest down because it is cruel to stop children
from their play, no matter the consequences? Should we have
let humans run rampant over all the other animals? Nobody
ever thinks to look to their plight. Ask whether the Woolly
Mammoth forgives us the Impergium. Ask the saber-toothed
tiger and the cave bear if they're glad we never stood up
against humans. | think you'll find the answer: ‘Where were
you before then?' they cry. ‘Where were you when they
hunted us to extinction?"

Albrecht didn't respond. He kept his mouth clamped
shut, more to hide his grinding teeth than out of deference.
He finally said: "I think we're done for today."

Lord Byeli stood up, bowed, and returned to the
mansion. Albrecht got up and walked across the large, open
field, roaming aimlessly, thinking about the lessons of
history.

That evening, he returned to the throne, where
Nightmane waited for him, already seated. She did not
endlessly repeat the formalities of the first night; Albrecht
forbade her doing so.

"Did Byeli fill you in?" Albrecht said. "We ended with
the War of Rage."

"He did," Nightmane said, looking strangely at
Albrecht. "Of course, once again, he did not tell you the full
tale, for he does not know it."

"I suspected as much. Go ahead. Let's hear it."

Conguratt Derenfla

Most Silver Fangs know the tale of how King
Rests-the-Moon heard the counsel of Gaia, bidding
him to loose predators upon humanity, for the sacred
balance had to be maintained. What most do not
know, and what those few among us who know the
Secret of Kingship have come to believe, is that Rests-
the-Moon did not hear from Gaia at all, but only
believed that he had. He is described as among the
greatest of kings, and was well respected. But he was

26 Silver Fangs
—_e —— EEE

long into his reign when he heard Gaia's words. He had
served far more than seven years as ruler.

We call him the first of the Moon-thralls, the first
king to suffer the curse of the Betrayed Moon. He heard
his own twisted mind whispering to him, bidding him
create the holy war the Impergium would become.

Of course, he did so with the full backing of many
spirits, for they truly wished humans to be put in their
place. Even Helios agreed with the initial goals of the
Impergium. It was only when it began to unravel the
delicate ecological balance of the spirit world that the
Celestines gathered their council and sent Falcon forth
to cool the madness of the Silver Fang kings, for the
kings had inherited the dementia of Rests-the-Moon.

I believe that the Stargazers suspected then that
ourkind was mad, but we overcame it. Did we not heed
Falcon and halt the Hunt? That appeased them. For
now. Luckily for us, they kept such musings to them-
selves and did not spread them among the tribes.

The War of Rage was another such madness. We
know not the name of the king or queen who began it,
but we suspect they hailed from one of the Lost Houses,
the two who died out during these times. Many have
spent their lives to discover more about these houses,
whose names are lost to us, and some have come to
believe that one of them was brought low by the
perfidy the Fera, the other Changing Breeds. This was
the Ice Pack, most of whose members were lupus. For
many years, it was believed that they diminished
through lack of breeding partners. Not so.

Perhaps they encroached too far into the territory
of these changers — which ones, we know not. Gurahl?
Bastet? Regardless, they fought a terrible battle against
the changers, with the result being the loss of most of
their septs. Perhaps it was this that caused the leader of
the other Lost House to declare the war.

We Moon Lodgers who know the Secret of King-
ship — and know that not all Moon Lodgers are privy
to it — believe that both houses were lost to madness.
They were led by the Moon-thralls. The lupus house
decided to hunt the Fera, and so was hunted in return.
The other house decided to embroil the entire Garou
Nation in its act of revenge, justified or not.

Today, the Ice Pack is revered as the most pure,
untouched by the madness of the War of Rage, para-
gons of innocence. I believe many Garou yearn to
return to the Eden of the lupus mind, and the Ice Pack
represents that dream for them.

That both houses became lost is a sign of punish-
ment for our tribe. Did White Heart tell you that the
Silver Fangs chose to end the war on their own? It is
true. A nameless king or queen knew the price of
madness, and so used their power to end it before it


devoured us all. Some legends say that this ruler
relinquished the throne, voluntarily stepping down.
Perhaps they remembered the seven-year law, and
heeded it, bringing our tribe back into accord with the
Betrayed Moon. For a time, at least.

"You know," Albrecht said. "That makes a lot more
sense to me. I haven't decided whether to believe what you
told me last night, but it's the first thing I've heard that
explains the whole Impergium and War of Rage crap tome.
Itdoesn'texplain why all the Garou jumped right in with us,
but it does at least provide a plausible kick-start. ‘Course,
I'mlikely to find any excuse to criticize our leaders. I'm not
a typical king that way."

"] find it most refreshing," Nightmane said. "More
and more I believe your attitude is most suited to slough off
this curse."

"Don't go putting me ona pedestal," Albrecht said. "I
haven't done anything to absolve us yet. If — emphasis on
if — there is a curse, that is. I'm not sure I buy into that.
You seem convinced, but it's always fun to have a secret
nobody else knows, right?"

Nightmane bowed her head. "Would that it were not
this one, my lord. I would dearly love to be rid of it."

"Allright. That's enough for tonight. Unless you have
something else to add?"

"No, my lord," Nightmane said, rising from her seat.
"Until tomorrow night, then." She bowed and shifted into
wolf form, vaulting across the field toward the woods as if
glad to be done with her duty.

Albrecht sat alone for awhile, his hand idly rubbing the
Silver Crown upon his head.

The 13 Phousat

Once again, my lord, I greet you on the morn of a
new day. Today, I shall speak of the 13 Houses of the
Silver Fangs.

Today, only seven of these houses survive; the
others have been lost through many years of toil and
labor to ensure Gaia's plan in this world. I shall speak
of each house in detail later, once we begin our
discussion of the customs and ways of the tribe. For
now, know that each house began with a mighty
ancestor in the Dawn Time. It often took many years
for each house to declare itself as such, under the
leadership of a descendant of one of the original 13.

For instance, many believe that your house, that of
Wyrmfoe, is younger than some of the others. It is
indeed younger when dated from their formal declara-
tion and recognition as a house, but its royal lineage
extends back much farther, to the 13 Wolves of the
Pale Tundra. These were the core alphas of our tribe
long, long ago, the ones upon whom Luna bestowed

SN Nn ee

her Touch of Silver. The first Garou ordained as Those
Who Lead.

Each Silver Fang traces his lineage back to one of
these 13, formalized through their house affiliation.
Now, of course, it is unlikely that even we can always
trace our heritage over so many years. House member-
ship has become a more fluid, political institution than
originally chartered. It is possible for one Silver Fang
to relinquish membership in his birth house and be
welcomed into another. Possible, but rare.

In the ancient times of which I speak, the houses
held more to their blood ties than today. Fierce rival-
ties developed between houses over which one was
more pure than the rest, which of them had kept their
breeding most untainted. Perhaps more than any other
reason, the Silver Fang exodus from the Mother Lands
was initiated by the houses seeking to be rid of one
another, setting out to find their own territories torule,
unchecked by whichever house currently held sway in
the Mother Country.

It was only after this exodus that the Clan of the
Crescent Moon attained its high prominence. They
did not leave their homeland, and fought whoever else
stayed to control the places of power there. Over time,
grievances between houses were forgotten, for dis-
tance and time does indeed heal most wounds. Many
looked back upon the Mother Country as their spiri-
tual home, and some regretted that their ancestors had
left it. In this light, the Crescent Moon was looked
upon as the steadfast standard bearer of tradition. It
did, indeed, hold the oldest of known caerns, and had
access to the legends recorded on its walls. Its new,
exalted position was not undeserved.

But its sway over the herds of humanity was weak.
The Crescent Moon still held the wilderness and
tundra of the Mother Country, and ruled their human
Kin mainly from afar. In the rest of the world, where
humans were erecting cities and small empires, the
other houses gained new forms of prominence.

The Rte avid Ped of Euplrar

Although Silver Fangs bred into royal human
bloodlines, they were rarely rulers themselves. They
knew well that they had to remain unknown and
unrecognized, at least so far as their Garou identities
were concerned. Most Fangs chose not the blood of
kings, but that of dukes, counts and other lesser nobil-
ity. They knew that, in human societies, kings and
emperors rarely issued decrees at whim, but were
instead swayed by a whole class of nobility and court
officials. These were the Kinfolk chosen by the Silver
Fang houses.

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 27

SS ESS AE NY


devoured us all. Some legends say that this ruler
relinquished the throne, voluntarily stepping down.
Perhaps they remembered the seven-year law, and
heeded it, bringing our tribe back into accord with the
Betrayed Moon. For a time, at least.

"You know," Albrecht said. "That makes a lot more
sense to me. I haven't decided whether to believe what you
told me last night, but it's the first thing I've heard that
explains the whole Impergium and War of Rage crap to me.
Itdoesn'texplain why all the Garou jumped right in with us,
but it does at least provide a plausible kick-start. Course,
I'mlikely to find any excuse to criticize our leaders. I'm not
atypical king that way."

"] find it most refreshing," Nightmane said. "More
and more I believe your attitude is most suited to slough off
this curse."

"Don't go putting me on.a pedestal," Albrecht said. "T
haven' t done anything to absolve us yet. If — emphasis on
if — there is a curse, that is. I'm not sure I buy into that.
You seem convinced, but it's always fun to have a secret
nobody else knows, right?"

Nightmane bowed her head. "Would that it were not
this one, my lord. I would dearly love to be rid of it."

"Allright. That's enough for tonight. Unless you have
something else to add?"

"No, my lord," Nightmane said, rising from her seat.
"Until tomorrow night, then." She bowed and shifted into
wolf form, vaulting across the field toward the woods as if
glad to be done with her duty.

Albrecht satalone for a while, his hand idly rubbing the
Silver Crown upon his head.

The 13 Phousar

Once again, my lord, I greet you on the morn of a
new day. Today, J shall speak of the 13 Houses of the
Silver Fangs.

Today, only seven of these houses survive; the
others have been lost through many years of toil and
labor to ensure Gaia's plan in this world. I shall speak
of each house in detail later, once we begin our
discussion of the customs and ways of the tribe. For
now, know that each house began with a mighty
ancestor in the Dawn Time. It often took many years
for each house to declare itself as such, under the
leadership of a descendant of one of the original 13.

For instance, many believe that your house, that of
Wyrmfoe, is younger than some of the others. It is
indeed younger when dated from their formal declara-
tion and recognition as a house, but its royal lineage
extends back much farther, to the 13 Wolves of the
Pale Tundra. These were the core alphas of our tribe
long, long ago, the ones upon whom Luna bestowed

See une er earwraseren PEEVE meme

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing

rar Ee EN

her Touch of Silver. The first Garou ordained as Those
Who Lead.

Each Silver Fang traces his lineage back to one of
these 13, formalized through their house affiliation.
Now, of course, it is unlikely that even we can always
trace our heritage over so many years. House member-
ship has become a more fluid, political institution than
originally chartered. It is possible for one Silver Fang
to relinquish membership in his birth house and be
welcomed into another. Possible, but rare.

In the ancient times of which I speak, the houses
held more to their blood ties than today. Fierce rival-
ties developed between houses over which one was
more pure than the rest, which of them had kept their
breeding most untainted. Perhaps more than any other
reason, the Silver Fang exodus from the Mother Lands
was initiated by the houses seeking to be rid of one
another, setting out to find their own territories to rule,
unchecked by whichever house currently held sway in
the Mother Country.

It was only after this exodus that the Clan of the
Crescent Moon attained its high prominence. They
did not leave their homeland, and fought whoever else
stayed to control the places of power there. Over time,
grievances between houses were forgotten, for dis-
tance and time does indeed heal most wounds. Many
looked back upon the Mother Country as their spiri-
tual home, and some regretted that their ancestors had
left it. In this light, the Crescent Moon was looked
upon as the steadfast standard bearer of tradition. It
did, indeed, hold the oldest of known caerns, and had
access to the legends recorded on its walls. Its new,
exalted position was not undeserved.

But its sway over the herds of humanity was weak.
The Crescent Moon still held the wilderness and
tundra of the Mother Country, and ruled their human.
Kin mainly from afar. In the rest of the world, where
humans were erecting cities and small empires, the
other houses gained new forms of prominence.

The Rite au Fall of Cuphret

Although Silver Fangs bred into royal human
bloodlines, they were rarely rulers themselves. They
knew well that they had to remain unknown and
unrecognized, at least so far as their Garou identities
were concerned. Most Fangs chose not the blood of
kings, but that of dukes, counts and other lesser nobil-
ity. They knew that, in human societies, kings and
emperors rarely issued decrees at whim, but were
instead swayed by a whole class of nobility and court
officials. These were the Kinfolk chosen by the Silver
Fang houses.


Now and then, of course, calamity would cause an
unexpected candidate to be made king, and sometimes
this resulted in direct rule by Kinfolk or even Silver
Fangs themselves. But for the most part, the Fangs kept
to the lesser lineages and ensured the status quo where
possible, representing the most conservative elements
inhuman societies, ever strident against acts that would
further extend the power of the humans over the wild.

Inevitably, we did not do so alone. Other forces
worked to sway human leadership. Well known were
the vast, timeless plots of the immortal Leeches. We
sniffed these out and killed them where we could, but
their influence was pervasive and unseen. Surely at
times, even our close Kin became their catspaws,
unknown to us.

The factor that most prevented our direct rule of
humans was the indirect nature of breeding. A human
child rarely bred true. Many generations might pass
before a Garou was born. Houses were stretched thin
keeping their lineage within royalty, but extending it
far enough to the least of royalty to ensure a broad
enough pool for breeding. If we whelped enough hu-
man brats, surely one or two of them would breed true.
In some places, we had to stoop to breeding with the
upper middle classes, the artisans and merchants even,
but we tried to keep such shameful breeding within the
wealthy, so that their offspring might one day aspire to
nobility. Sometimes they instead led to squalor, and
those Silver Fangs unfortunate enough to breed true to
such debased lineages are not treated well by our kind.
Welcomed and given a place, yes, but not with the
most hospitality.

The Silver Fangs participated in the greatest of
human civilizations: The Sumerian priest-kings, Egyp-
sties, Greek tyrants — before the Greeks
adopted foolish democracy — and Indian fiefdoms.
That all of these forms of rule were ultimately fleeting
proves that the Weaver's work is not completely free of
the Wyld.

In many times and places, our tribe forgot their
true duty: to rule for Gaia, not themselves. Many were
drunk on the power they had over humans and other
Garou. They had been too long in the palaces near the
city and too long away from the wilds. No failure
proved this more than Rome.

usportout Rowe

Rome was a marvel of the ancient world — or a
nightmare. Never before had government of so large a
territory become so efficient. Our tribe, initially bred
into the upper classes of the Republic, was pushed
farther and farther from power by the growing might of
the military. Too few generals were "ours." The empire

28 Silver Fangs

Ua Serene

did not merely create a hemisphere-spanning civiliza-
tion — it burned its roads and laws into the spirit
world. Roman roads were not merely human con-
structs, for their power altered the Penumbra, forcing
straight lines were before there were curves and waves.
Everything became linear.

Amidst this Weaver march, leading the charge in
many cases, was House Conquering Claw. They ex-
ulted in the military power that was Rome, and en-
joyed using it to break the wills of human barbarian
nations — usually the Kin of the Get of Fenris or
Fianna. Their hubris is not well judged today. Rome
fell. They fell. Harano took them after the very barbar-
ians they had subjugated tore down their beloved
empire. Their Kin families never regained their promi-
nence, and the remaining Conquering Claw Fangs
slowly died of misery, harkening to the days when they
helped the emperors to conquer half the world.

Some wish to equate the so-called madness and
eccentricities of famed Roman emperors to us, levying
their usual slander of insanity upon us. Ridiculous, of
course. If the emperors were Conquering Claw Kin —
and I cannot say for sure whether they were or not —
their madness was not due to blood relation but to
Weaver and Wyrm taint. By this point, the Wyrm was
tainting everything the Weaver touched, and all too
often, our kind could not see its taint, for it often lay
within the breasts of humans who wielded power.

Medhewnl Kage

With the fall of Rome, it appeared that, perhaps,
a golden age could again return. Humans were broken.
and their cultures tattered, clinging toa bare existence
without their precious Roman infrastructure. Our kings
thrived in this new age. Small fiefdoms were far better
fit for ruling humans than empires had been. The lack
of constant communication between a central city and
its outlying fiefs added to our ability to control the
course of human history. For many years, we fomented
rivalries among human cultures, to keep them in their
places, fearful of one another. Humans bor toa village
grew old and died in that village, often without ever
leaving its environs. This was as it should be.

Inevitably, however, humans grew once more, and
their kingdoms became vast. This time, they had
human religions to unify them, religions which cared
little for the wilds and focused exclusively on human
affairs, with no thought to animals or even spirits,
wi hich w ere all viewed as evil. This is one of the saddest
they cannot perceive spirits as
they are, but only as they think them to be.

Some believe the later Middle Ages were a bad
time forus, for we lost ground everywhere, especially as

|


the Church gained power and the middle classes rose
up into their own, mercantile-based power. The Re-
naissance was a serious blow, a complete overturning
of a centuries-old society, giving too much power to
the common man and the merchant. This blossomed
into the birth of many new technology spirits and
physical inventions. Was it time fora new Impergium?

The New Worlf

Eventually, humans built and floated enough boats
that they finally discovered the Pure Lands. The lost
tribes of the Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo would
soon come to know the long defeat we had suffered.
And much of it was at our hands.

Silver Fangs saw an untapped land of purity for
them to rule, and so followed their Kinfolk there. At
first, they established territories where native Garou
had already yielded to the incoming humans. Inevita-
bly, however, they saw that the Garou were incapable
of defending their caerns from the terrible Wyrm
creatures now walking the land. Reluctantly, the Sil-
ver Fangs offered their aid to the native Garou, even
though it meant stretching their own power thinly
across their territories. The natives refused.

When the Deep Blue Sky Caern near New
Amsterdam fell to a vicious invasion of Wyrm crea-
tures that crawled up from the Earth — proving they
had lain dormant in this land, and had not been
brought over by colonists — the Silver Fangs knew
they had to act. The natives were incapable of defend-
ing these sacred sites.

Leading other tribes, the Fangs spread outward
and seized the least-guarded caerns. Unfortunately,
due to the native's zeal to defend them against the
Garou, many lives were lost on both sides. This al-
lowed the Wyrm to take even more caerns. Its minions
would wait until a battle had been decided and then
attack the weakened victor, winning the caern for
themselves.

Your own house distinguished itself most here, my
lord. Wyrmfoe became a true foe of the Wyrm. Its
packs refused to rule these caerns, and instead roamed
the land, hunting Wyrm creatures. This very caern in
which we sit was saved from destruction by their
intervention. It was under assault and its Wendigo and
Uktena defenders could barely hold out against the
force. Wyrmfoe warriors arrived to turn the tide, even
though it cost them their leader.

In gratitude for their selfless act, the surviving
native Garou willingly yielded the caern to Wyrmfoe's
care, without even being asked to do so. They departed
for lands to the north, to be among their own kind, for
this caern was already deep within white territory now.

Would that all such victories had yielded such
fruit. The other tribes marched across the land seizing
caerns themselves, not because their owners were not
fit defenders, but because they wanted territories of
their own. This shameful practice turned more native
Garou against us, for they believed this was done in our
name. As leaders of the Garou Nation, we felt respon-
sible, and so traveled across the continent to set things
straight, apportioning caerns where we could. In many
places, disputes could not be resolved, and so we took
temporary control of these caerns until peace could
again allow for an amicable resolve between native
and newcomer.

The Wyrm did not allow us such luxury. The
constant state of war it kept us in since our coming
prevented us returning many of these caerns, and only
our firm and steady rule in these areas has kept them
from falling to the Wyrm entirely.

"You have got to be kidding me," Albrecht said. "You
don't really believe that bull, do you?"

Lord Byeli looked quizzically at Albrecht. "Again, my
lord, I am afraid we have a difference. What I have said is
true. If I did not give proper voice to the opinions of other
tribes it is because we have heard their voices crying for so
long, begging to be given control of caerns they cannot
possibly hold, claiming they were wronged when they know
as well as we that Gaia gave us claws and thews with which
to decide these issues."

"Ah, rule of the schoolyard bully, huh? That's what
makes us the most able kings? Our ability to kick others'
asses? I agree that we need to do that now and then, but
come on here: you' ve just cited a litany of justification for
us doing any damn thing we please."

"And this troubles you why? We are Silver Fangs. We
lead. It is what we do. We need no justification to do so,
except that given us by the Sun and Moon. Other Garou
know this and recognize it, even if they are too weak to abide
by it."

"Weak? I'd think their disagreeing with it is a sign of
their independence. That takes strength."

"Do not mistake me: Rebellion is good for all, for it
keeps us wary and them strong. Their cries of injustice are
no surprise — it is their lot, their place in the scheme. It is
our place to rule. Why then do we need to heed the
inevitable whining that cubs always inflict upon their
parents? We should suffer it with dignity, which means
giving it no ear."

"Speak for yourself, Lord Byeli. As longas I've got this
Crown, I'll give ear to anything I damn well please."

Lord Byeli smiled, a genuine gesture of pleasure. "As
it should be, my lord, as it should be. Now, if I may
continue, I shall bring our narrative into the present."

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 29

|

The Age of Voatart Rufe

Among the terrible consequences of the Renais-
sance and its scientific "revolution" was the overthrow
of monarchies. Humans, emboldened by their new
philosophies of humanism and materialism, questioned
the rightful rule of monarchs. This led to a return to
that Grecian failure: democracy. The rule by the
citizenry.

Certainly, republics helped to mitigate this vast
empowerment of the common man by allowing the
upper classes to limit their voice through representation
in senates, but increasingly, parliaments became home
to lowest form of human scoundrels. Such thieves and
con-men as could never exist in a monarchy rose to
prominence, and fleeced their constituents in every way
possible, selling them dreams of liberty while delivering
the same old forms of slavery, but all without the
ennobling sense of duty to a higher power or ruler.

The proper hierarchies of society were overturned,
and in their place, the Wyrm arose, speaking tongues
of equality but whispering promises of personal power
and aggrandizement to each. How can a society long
survive that claims to seek equality and yet rewards
only ambition? More than ever, humanity needed the
guidance of the Silver Fangs.

But we were slow to realize what was taking place.
How could we predict that humans would choose
scoundrels to rule them again and again? It isas ifa wolf
pack chose a scapegoat to lead them over the alpha!
We refused for too long to extend our breeding stock,
and we lost many Kinfolk to Madame Guillotine and
tothe terrible, Wyrm-inspired madness of Bolshevism.
I shudder to imagine noble bloodlines ended with but
the yank of a cord or the twitch of a trigger finger,
executions committed by commoners or worse. How
the fates mock us!

We did, of course, extend our breeding stock. We
had to. But we still chose only the best, those that
displayed leadership qualities or whose families main-
tained wealth and privilege no matter the changing
tides of fortune. One thing did not change in the new
world of democracy: there would always be a privileged
class, and it almost always proved to be hereditary.
Once a family gained significant advantage over an-

other, especially in wealth, it was not hard to maintain
that, for their children were born to more opportunity
than those of others, and their children in turn gained
the same advantages.

Itis impolitic today to refer to the privileged class as
such, or to even recognize that their status comes from
family lines. It is assumed that any man may pick himself
up by his own bootstraps and become President. But of


course he can! Only fools believe the office of the
President holds any real power or sway. It is the oligarchs
who still rule, the rich elite whose children go to the
same schools and offer opportunities to their former
classmates once they attain high posts. They would not
think of offering these positions to the hoi polloi.

So we maintain our ancient privilege and power
yet. It is more difficult at times, and we must keep more
hidden than ever in the past, but in many ways, it is
surprisingly easier. The common populace believes it
is led by its own choices, and does not see the invisible
aristocracy that rules it. And so we keep our power.

The Nother Cospotry Awakont

Finally, I return to the Mother Country, the land we
left so long ago, but which still survives, embattled but
still bold. Mighty wars were fought there of late, after
many long years of darkness and toil, loss and sorrow.
Victory was finally ours. Queen Tamara Tvarivich leads
us to a new era of power, one where we may once more
rise to prominence among all the tribes. The Mother
Country will once more be a beacon to all, an icon of
true Garou tenacity and regal resolve.

Our own sept leader, Rustarivich Golden-Paw,
bids you welcome, King Albrecht, and hopes that, on
your journey to once more make alliance between
Houses Crescent Moon and Wyrmfoe, you will first
share his hospitality and allow him to be your guide
and confidant in the Mother Country.

A new vision grows. The Boyars once more roam
the tundra, knights of a golden age dawning, a time of
renewal and return. The Final Battle comes, it is said.
Our totem, Firebird, kin to Phoenix, sees this. Shad-
ows of the future glow in the sky like the aurora
borealis, ever shifting and as yet undetermined. It is we
who shall determine them, we who shall cast those
shadows. The Apocalypse need not be atime of sorrow,
for it can be a moment of victory, a time when we all
stand together and destroy the Wyrm and the tragic
world it has wrought. From Gaia's womb will come a
new world, perhaps one without our kind, but we shall
rest forever in spirit, knowing that we stood firm
against the Foe, undaunted, leading all other Garou
behind our banner.

As long as the Sun and Moon light the day and
night, our glory will be remembered.

Lord Byeli bowed low to Albrecht, bending knee to
touch the ground. Albrecht looked down on him and then
stood up from his throne. He placed his hand on Byeli's
head. When he spoke, he recited words written for such
moments longago, part of the many ceremonialinvocations
required of a Silver Fang king. He didn't place as much
importance on them as others, but he knew one such as

a

Byeli needed the affirmation. Ceremony and rite were the
lifeblood of such Silver Fangs.

"And so dawn has turned to dusk and the sun soon
sets. The Lodge of the Sun has distinguished itself well. Our
history has been told, our ancestors named and their deeds
recounted. Your duty is near complete, lorekeeper. Go and
return on the morning."

Lord Byeli rose and nodded to Albrecht. He seemed
flush with pride, whether over Albrecht's ritual gesture or
an afterglow from his ode to Russia, Albrecht didn't know.
He turned and walked toward the mansion.

Albrecht called over to a page standing guard nearby
but out of normal earshot. The page was in human form,
to ensure he did not overhear the king's private audience.
"Bring me something to eat. I'm eating outside tonight."

The page soon returned with a steak and folding table.
He set the table and waited for further orders from Albrecht.

"Go get yourself something to eat," Albrecht said.
"I'm okay out here."

He watched the sun go downas he ate, pondering what
he'dheard. It wasn't anything he hadn't already figured out
for himself, although he disagreed with many of Lord Byeli's
opinions on human history.

Soon, a soft grunt came from nearby. Nightmane
stood by the roots of the tree in wolf form. Albrecht waved
her over.

"So what do youhave to add? Does democracy suck for
you, too?"

Nightmane shifted into human form, a questioning
look on her face. "I do not pay nearly so much attention to
human politics as does Byeli. It is the purview of the Sun
Lodge." She sat down on the chair.

"Okay, then, what does the Moon Lodge have to add
to the sweeping panorama of history I've learned today?"

"I can say little about the history of our rule over
others. Ican tell you of the spiritual ramifications ithad...."

Nether Woffner Human

Each Silver Fang house used to have a presiding
ancestor spirit. Once, long ago, it was that house's
founder, one of the 13 Wolves of the Pale Tundra.
Eventually, as is the way of things, these spirits receded
deep into the Umbra, and heeded fewer and fewer calls
for their wisdom. In their place, great kings and queens
of the houses answered summons. But their wisdom
was different than that of the founders. They coun-
seled worldly things, for they were still obsessed with
their own reigns and the legacies they had left. The
original 13 were untainted by such concerns, and so
counseled eternal truths. Without their counsel, our
tribe fell further into the worldly traps of power,
heeding less and less the wisdom of the spirits, espe-

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 31

LAN RMI ASTI TE, GE Ly ED (RE LD DREN


a SA

cially those who could not lend their strength or
cunning to aid a king's rule.

I believe the lack of the 13's counsel is what
worsened our spiral into madness. When the houses
first spread out from the Mother Country, it was a good
thing. It was as if they had outrun the Betrayed Moon,
for it was many, many years before the madness struck
any ruler. But eventually, the Moon's avenging shadow
reached even into the New World; we could not long
escape the curse.

The folly of Rome was partly ours. We reveled in
orgies when we should have been culling the Roman
military might. We became dilettantes in the Renais-
sance when we should have been running the merchants
out of the city-states, our jaws gnashing at their heels.

Our weakness is our human side. We have too few
lupus to remind us of the wolfen ways. Since most of us
are raised as humans, we all too often think as humans,
not as Garou. But our tribe's strength in the old days
was that we, more than any other tribe, thought as
Garou. Not human, not wolf, but Garou. The Chil-
dren of Gaia are too human, the Red Talons too
wolfen. We were the perfect balance, those who ruled
as both wolf and human. One hand clawed, the other
wielding a klaive.

I pray that we can regain what was lost. That our
time of travail in Russia has stripped us of the flesh of
pretension and folly, and left us only the white skel-
eton of undaunted will. Perhaps in Russia, and with
your alliance, we can again truly claim the birthright
that is ours: the divine right of Those Who Lead.

"It's a good dream," Albrecht said, somewhat more
wistfully than usual for him. "If we get the chance to prove
it. If the world doesn't end before then."

"My lord," Nightmane said. "I have nothing left to say
on the matter of history. Tomorrow we will discuss our
traditions. But... I would ask a boon, if it please you."

"T've been expecting this. My ‘discussion' with the
Silver Crown, right?"

Nightmane's face flushed red. "Yes." She looked at
Albrecht, catching his eye with a look of pleading urgency.
"I must know."

"All right. You've been good. You told me what you
think is your greatest secret. I'll tell you what happened. I
saw the 13 you talked about, except there were only 12 of
them. Idon't know whether that' s because one of the houses
was missing — although I guess six of them should be
missing by that count — or whether I was supposed to be
the 13", the representative of Wyrmfoe.

"They led me into a dream, where I challenged an
insane king for leadership and won. But, over time, I
became just as nuts as he was. Next thing I know, there's

32

Vf LPL A


this hotshot young Garou challenging me. And the tribe's
egging him on. That was the final straw for me; I threw
down the Silver Crown. It wasn't worth that kind of
bullshit. That sort of shocked everyone. Including some sort
of dragon that was hiding deep in the Earth. It exploded out
of the ground and swallowed the Crown.

"Tknewl'd fucked up then, so I wentin claws first, fangs
clamped tight on the thing's torso. It knocked me silly but
finally gave up the ghost. I cut its stomach open and retrieved
the Crown. But that was it for me, too. The young hotshot
came and took the Crown, but that was okay. It seemed
right. I didn't have to fight for it anymore; I'd done enough.

"T wake up in this dark, damp chilly cave. There's a
bright light coming at me, and I see it's glowing fur, a pure,
white wolf, brighter than the full moon. He leads me to this
passage back into sunlight. I go through it and feel this
incredible breeze blow right through me. I feel more awake
then I've ever been, ready to take on the world. I open my
eyes, and you know the rest."

Nightmane smiled and looked at Albrecht as if she saw
him for the first time. "Boot-tyeh zdarovi. Bless Gaia that
she has given us such a world of wonders. You were tested
by the Crown, to see if you could avoid the curse of the
Betrayed Moon. I believe you passed."

"Yeah? Does that mean I won't go bat-shit freaky any
day now? My seven years ended last year, you know."

"T cannot say. I would like to believe that the Crown
would protect you, but it did not protect House Winter
Snow. Some would say its power was the cause of their
curse. I believe, though, that they were cursed ere their king
ever wore the Crown."

"Could be, but the Crown can get pretty damn mean
toany unworthy applicant who puts it on. I've seen it. King
Aaron Everstone, bless his birch-bark heart, must have had
enough of the right stuff to pass that test. But, you know...
itdoesn't really matter. All this ancient history is enlighten-
ing —to adegree. We' ve still got to live in the here andnow
and deal with the shit that comes down our pike today sand
tomorrow. Maybe we can learn from how our elders dealt
with this stuff, butit's always different in every generation.
I've learned that much. I bet you guys over at the Firebird
Sept think I'm some sort of weenie for not ordering the tribes
around here to bend over whenever I want them to."

"I would never say such a thing!" Nightmane said.

"Say it, no. But think it? I'll bet you did, at least before
you met me. I know the kind of chatter that goes on in the
Old World. You guys don't always understand how to rule
others without ordering them around. But it's not about
getting your way; it's about leading them to the best way for
all of us. When they see that, they start to trust you, and
then they follow you to hell and back if need be."

"T understand. You speak of the Subtle Court method
of leadership."

"The what? There's a name for it?"

"There is a name for every style of leadership imagin-
able, and a host of ceremonies to accomplish them. We will
speak of them in the coming nights. It is late now, and you
have much to do beside listen to my lore. If it please you, I
will go and leave you to ponder what has been said by those
who serve the Sun and Moon."

"Okay, you can head out. I got a lot to sort out
anyway. See you tomorrow."

Albrecht watched Nightmane once again assume the
wolf form and seemingly glide across the nighttime field,
into the woods where she preferred to sleep, still safe within
the well-patrolled bawn of the caern.

He walked to the rear of the great oak from which the
throne was carved and ran his hand on its trunk, tracing
upwards from the roots until he found the shape he was
looking for. He willed his eyes to shift, to change into wolf
pupils, and then looked with his sharper, brighter vision at
the line of carvings on the tree. The crests of the previous
kings of House Wyrmfoe, those who had ruled here in the
North Country before him. The highest on the tree, about
level with his chest, was the crest of King Jacob Morningkill,
his grandfather. Above it, there were no carvings.

He had hesitated for years,to add his crest. He some-
how felt he hadn't fully deserved it yet, even though, as he
now knew, we had past his requisite seven years. He
chuckled to himself. Maybe he also feared to put his name
here; worried that the madness that had gripped Morningkill
would descendson him:

He shook his head and smiled, and shifted into Crinos
form, apure, white-furred wolf. He tapped his claw into the
wood above Morningkill's crest and began to carve.

Chapter One: Under Faleon's Wing 33

S\N

|
|


The sense of honoris of so fine and delicate a nature that
itis only to be met with in minds which are naturally noble or
cultivated by good examples and a refined education.

— Sir Richard Steele

Great men, like great ages, are explosives in which a
tremendous force is stored up....
— Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols

Over the next few days, the lectures continued,
with Lord Byeli speaking during the day and Nightmane
by night. They sought to instruct Albrecht in the
customs of the tribe, as believed by the Silver Fangs of
the Old Country, who cherished tradition more than
those in the New World.

T thal Seycture

Lord Byeli Speaks:

I will begin today, my lord, with the basic struc-
tures within our tribe. Every Silver Fang is a member of
one of the seven surviving houses. Most Silver Fangs
arealso expected to choose one of two lodges soon after
their Firsting: the Lodge of the Sun or the Lodge of the
Moon. A select few Silver Fangs serve as the function-
aries of these lodges: shaman, steward and squire. |
myself serve as the squire for the Sun Lodge within the
Firebird Sept, for it is reserved for Galliards.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King

Finally, some Silver Fangs, but notall, align them-
selves with certain camps, each with its own philoso-
phy, goals or politics it wishes to foist on the rest of the
tribe.

The Seven Prouser

Ofthe 13 Houses our tribe has claimed throughout
history, only seven have survived. Each was estab-
lished and recognized by others within the tribe at
some point in history, although each traces its lineage,
and hence its claim of royal blood, back to one of the
13 Wolves of the Pale Tundra, those alphas ordained
by Luna.

Over time, ancestor-spirits would appear to kings
to bequeath the revelation of a pure lineage upon
them, and so allow him to declare a house, descended
from the original 13. Some claim that there have been
more than 13 houses throughout our history, implying

35


a Ae

that there were more wolves Touched by Silver than
the 13 by which we reckon. I know nothing of them.

As you know, each house has a single king or
queen, the ruler of that house's territory. Under that
king are his lords and ladies, those who rule other septs

within the kingdom, or are heroes of prominent packs a
or heirs to the throne. Under each lord are the stew-

ards, in charge of coordinating pack tasks. Of course,

each pack has its own leader, who may or may not bear \D

an additional title of some sort.

Fiouste WWyrmfee

We begin, of course, with your own house,
Wyrmfoe. It was officially declared a house sometime
in the 13" century, after its valorous efforts to save
many Garou Kinfolk —not only Silver Fang, but those
of other tribes also— from the human Inquisition. The
Defiler Wyrm was on the rise, although none knew it
even existed then, They believed it was the Eater-of-
Souls at work. Regardless, where other houses failed to
root out the evil, the tireless packs of Wyrmfoe sought
it wherever it crept or hid and gave their own lives to
destroy it. Wyrm minions quickly came to fear those of
Wyrmfoe blood; they could smell the bloodline in
these Garou before the house was even recognized by
other Silver Fangs.

Wyrmfoe's territory was mainly in Spain, France
and Holland. They spread to England, to claim territo-
ties lost by the Austere Howl. The other houses so
greatly feared the amazing influence these "upstart"
Garou had among the other tribes that they openly
refused to allow them into their territories, for fear that
they would find some way to claim them. Luckily for
them, the New World beckoned, and with it, legends
of powerful Wyrm creatures allowed to grow large ina
land without Silver Fangs to hunt them. Most of
Wyrmfoe's best and brightest left for the New World.
Eventually, those left behind either abandoned their
caerns to follow, or could not hold them against the
other houses that sought to claim them, House Gleam-
ing Eye among them.

So, this "youngest" house-became quite the cause
celebré. Of course, it was only young in so far as it came
to be recognized as a single bloodline capable of rule
late in our history. Before then, Wyrmfoe Garou ex-
isted, but they were assumed to be part of other
bloodlines. You see, our seers did not always listen
carefully to our ancestor-spirits, especially if they told
us things that contradicted tried and true methods of
tracking lineage. Somehow, those of the Wyrmfoe
blood had been assumed lost — until the Wyrm
identified them, usually by fleeing the battlefield cry-

Oy ing "Vile wolf!"

36

a


Today, Wyrmfoe holdsilands in America, mainly
here, in this caern, and.aeross the northeast. I have
heard but cannot claim'to know for sure, that another
Wyrmfoe sept exists in Pacific, Northwest? Or is it
Northern California? No matter.

AsI mentioned when I first recounted the history
of Silver Fang houses, they used to trace' lineage by
bloodline, which was mainly determined by geogra-
phy: the lands to which the houses migrated duringthe
initial exodus from the Mother Country. For many,
many years..there was little contact between these
septs, so that all Silver Fangs of one region shared the
same blood, with no interbreeding through Kinfolk
bloodlines from the houses tharheld other regions.

Your, house best represents the modern trend to
overlook bloodline in identifying oneself with one's
house. While youymy lord, are pureblooded Wyrmfoe,
there are some here in your sept who possess different
lineage, mainly the Unbreakable Hearth or Wise Heart,
but who gave it up to be associated with your house
instead.

Such things are beginning to occur in other places
around the world. It is fitting that it began in America,
the so-called "melting pot," for the key to the phenom-
enon lies in the sudden migrations of our distant
Kinfolk. We cannot always control our Kin, especially
those who do not know their heritage. The world is
smaller now, and many people now routinely move
across half the world to live and work in foreign lands.

For example, House Wise Heart traditionally ruled
in the Mediterranean and Middle East. Many Italian,
Greek and Middle Eastern immigrants have come to
New York in the past centuries, Wise Heart Kinfolk
among them. As rare as it is, these Kin have birthed
true Garou. But where are they to go? Their house has
no sept here to take them in.

They have come here, to your sept. Of course, they
are free to identify with their true bloodline, but many
have never known it, and so desire to be Wyrmfoe.
And your house allows it. In this way, in many septs in
many lands, the houses become less identified with
bloodline and more identified with a style of rule.

Wyrmfoe is known for its mavericks, its bold and
individualistic kings — like your predecessor,
Morningkill. They do not rely on tradition so much as
on their own instinct and wits. You, it is said, are a
classic king of House Wyrmfoe.

Nightmane Speaks:

Your house escaped the curse of the Betrayed
Moon longer than any other. Perhaps by refusing
leadership roles over territories forso long, concentrat-
ing on attacking the Wyrm, you avoided her notice.
But she caught up to you, as illustrated by your grand-

See sam ee es em rresearen FEVER en mee

father, King Jacob Morningkill. His madness was plain
for all to see; it did not hide under the usual mask of
extremist ideology.

Gan Cratcont Moon

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The most prominent clan next to yours — and the
most prominent for most of our history, until the
Shadow Curtain rose over Russia — is Clan Crescent
Moon. Why "clan" rather than "house"? Because their
lineage is older and clings to ancient tradition more
than most. Once, all houses were called clans. Only
after long breeding with humans did we adopt a less
familial human nomenclature for our bloodlines.

From its height as the paragon of Silver Fang élan,
it fell far during the terrible trials of the Hag's reign
over the Mother Country. The Crescent Moon king
went mad and dissolved the Lodge of the Sun, losing
their valuable counsel when it was needed most. But
blood as pure as the Crescent Moon's cannot com-
pletely fail. Scions arose to retake their ancient honor,
proving themselves over and over against the terrible
monsters that served the Hag. Finally, the witch was
overthrown and her empire destroyed. We rose victo-
rious thereafter, hunting down her allies and slaying
them before they could burrow into their niches in the
earth. Certainly, not all the Hag's minions suffered our
justice, but those that remain hide, quaking in fear of
our anger.

Our victory could never have occurred were it not
for Queen Tamara Tvarivich. She is a great queen.
Also mighty in determining the overthrow of the
Hag's empire was Arkady. | will not repeat here before
you his deeds, for I know he did you wrong. I beg you,
however, to soften your heart and hear them from us
when you arrive in the Mother Country and take
hospitality from his sept, which now endeavors to
make up.to.you a wrong done by one of its owns

Nightmane Speaks:

Crescent Moon is strong once again for it has
regained its passion. Queen Tvarivich has walked the
lands of the dead and spoken with ghosts long de-
parted. The lore she learned from them prepared her
well for the battle against the Hag and her vile Zmei
dragons. The queen is a fearsome figure to confront,
but all know she is more fearful by far to the Wyrm,
who dreads those times when she takes the battlefield.

"Hold on," Albrecht said. "These are your people, so
I understand your reluctance to admit it, but don't they
suffer any of this curse?"

"Oh, yes, my lord" Nightmane said. "Most dread-
fully. Tvarivich's father.was afflicted so terribly he almost
sacrificed us all — unknowingly — to the Wyrm by

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 37

OE EE Ee AY

|

|

revealing our secrets to the Hag's minions when he thought
he was conspiring with Ivory Priests. And Arkady, I now
know, had a madness of his own, an ambition to free the
Mother Country that caused him to lose all sense of honor
in its pursuit. I weep for his spirit."

Tis Ceamhag Ee

Lord Byeli Speaks:

My house is the Gleaming Eye. We have ruled
Northern Europe since well before it was known as
such. France, Germany, Scandinavia — they are all
our traditional lands. I myself was born and raised in
Britain, in what was then the single Gleaming Eye sept
in that country, sharing a caern with the Austere
Howl: My Anglo-Saxon Kinfolk came from Gleaming
Eye lands in Germany. Enough of us came that our
house eventually won a hand in that land's ruling.

Calvin de Provence is the king of our house, ruling
from Belgium. His sister, the queen and true ruler,
disappeared on ajourney into the Umbra. Packs sent
to find her have returned with no news. King Calvin
has increased our house's vigilance against Wyrm taint
within other houses. He has been especially concerned
with the Austere Howl's fall to corruption, and has
sent packs to take control of many Austere Howl
caerns. He has ordered them to hunt down the alleg-
edly corrupt Queen Mary, but has so far been unable to
catch her.

I fear this conflict will spread to other houses.
More than ever before, we must unite ourselves against
the coming Apocalypse, but no champion has arisen to
take the role of unifier. I wonder: Can you, my lord,
muster the European Fangs around your banner and
bring unity? Or will this be the task of Queen Tvarivich?

Nightmane Speaks:

Despite what its detractors wish, House Gleaming
Eye has yet remained pure and largely untouched by
Wyrm taint or Moon-curse. So far as can be judged,
that is, for the fate of their runaway queen is not yet
known. Their vigilance against the Wyrm aids the
other houses, for they now also grow wary for signs of
taint from within, if for no other reason than to give
the inquisitors of Gleaming Eye no excuse to investi-
gate them.

Aspore Pronf,

Lord Byeli Speaks:

As I said, the Austere Howl is widely believed to
have fallen to Wyrm taint. It is now believed that the
taint came from their human Kinfolk, involved in
terrible Wyrm cults hidden within the British noble
families. They engaged in Hellfire Club style rites

wherein they would sacrifice the children of common-
ers to an entity they called "Red Jack." They were
caught in the act by a mixed pack of Get of Fenris,
Fianna and Glass Walkers. The scandal tore the house
apart. It seems that some of the current Austere Howl
dignitaries had been born to some of these twisted
Kinfolk families, and secretly aided them in their
Wyrm worship.

Well, poor Queen Mary. She tried to run them out
ofher house, but the scandal was too great by then. The
Gleaming Eye fell in force upon some of their caerns
and took them, claiming that they would investigate
the Austere Howl and examine them for taint. The
other tribes fell in with them, turning on their tradi-
tional rulers in the Austere Howl. I wonder if the
Gleaming Eye is fully aware that, if these tribes were so
quick to abandon their centuries-old rulers, they will
surely abandon anyone if it suits their short-term
needs.

Queen Mary's court is on the run, forced under-
ground, ruling incognito, hiding from the hunt called
upon them. They gained a temporary ally in the Fianna
of Dublin, but disaster fell upon them when a manifes-
tation of the Red Jack spirit attacked Fianna caerns.
Most people believed that Queen Mary brought it with
her, or that she summoned it herself. Forced to flee
even this scarce hospitality, none can say where she is
now. Perhaps she hides in the Umbra, rallying what
Austere Howl Fangs she can to clear their house's
name. Or perhaps she has gone to reside in Malfeas
with her new masters...

"Answer me this," Albrecht said. "How come you
know so much about this stuff if you've been trapped away
in Russia for so long?"

"I was among the first emissaries to leave the Mother
Country after the fall of the Shadow Curtain," Lord Byeli
said. "As a@ lorekeeper, J immediately traveled to my
brethren in England and collected what news I could of
doings in the world. Ihave been paying rapt attention to any
fact or rumor since."

Nightmane Speaks:

Sadly, I suspect Queen Mary is innocént of the
charges against her. | suspect)she is the pawn of
retribution brought by a rival. Many houses have
suffered taint in their Kinfolk lines before and sur-
vived; that she was not given the opportunity is very
suspicious to. me. 1 would beg you, oh king, if you
encounter her,.do not prejudge her based on rumor:
deem for yourself whether she is of the Wyrm or not.
Use the Crown to command @ confession from her;
even the Defiler cannot silence her tongue then.

38 Silver Fangs

7 fff 2 FPDP BE PEGE ae EE EE EP 4


f~

The Unbrcakabfe Pheaté

\

Lord Byeli Speaks:

One of the most steadfast of houses, the Unbreak-
able Hearth, like House Wyrmfoe, was among the first
houses to immigrate to the New World. Originally
from France, Spain, Switzerland and, Hungary, it
claimed new lands in Canada and North America.
Unlike most other American tribes, the Unbreakable
Hearth set its power base in the cities, close to its
human Kinfolk. Perhaps more than any other house,
the Unbreakable Hearth keeps close watch on its Kin
and prevents them going astray.

The troubles in Chicago sorely tested their sept
there, ruled by the king of the house, Cyrus-the-Bald.
But he overcame the Leech-hatched plots to control
his Kin and demarked territories that the Leeches
dared not cross for fear of sparking another great war in
that city.

The Unbreakable Hearth prides itself on its long-
recognized role as a facilitator between other tribes,
although they have done little of late to quell any of
the inter-tribal conflicts raging across North America.
They talk a good talk, but are short on action. Perhaps
Cyrus' heir, young Margaret Standing Stone, will
prove better at this task than her father, should he ever
actually step down and let her rule.

Nightmane Speaks:

1 know little about this house, for their recent
history is almost entirely American. Unlike Lord
Byeli, I am still ignorant of many things that tran-
spired while the Shadow Curtain barred us from the
rest of the world.

The Ploor- Res Chitf

Lord Byeli Speaks:

This house suffersa terrible tragedy. It has failed to
birth a single new cub in the past five years. Its ruler,
King Palmarstan Nayar, was poised to lift the house out
of Harano, but with no new cubs, no new Rites of
Passage, they have fallen back into their deep depres-
sion. They have lost so many caerns in India to
encroaching development or supernatural forces, that
the future seems nothing but a void to them.

The tribe has fallen back, relinquishing territories,
to gather around what few caerns they still hold. This
has strengthened them—temporarily. Their increased
numbers in smaller regions emboldens them, and rub-
bing shoulders with one another after long separations
has renewed their culture, but it cannot last. Some in
this house are said to pray for the Apocalypse, that it
might give them one final battle in which to prove
themselves.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 39

IMT Ei IR, LTR TEENS | SRE CEE FED TA URRY


Nightmane Speaks:

From what | understand of this situation, it is truly
tragic. King Nayar seems to have avoided or staved off
the Moon-curse, but suffers another, stranger curse: a
sterile lineage from his house. What could cause such
a thing? Some speculate that there are indeed cubs
being born true, but that the Kin Fetches have become
corrupt and hide them — or worse, find a means to
have the children slain before their Firsting. An inves-
tigation is desperately required, but it will take com-
mitment and time to unravel this mystery.

Wee Pear?

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The strangest house among us. I suspect it might
soon follow the Blood-Red Crest into loss, if nothing
occurs to reinvigorate it. It has lost many caerns to
battle or to other tribes. They were once one of the
more prominent houses in the Mother Country, but
the last of them there died fighting the Wyrm horrors
unleashed by the Hag. The house's original base was in
Italy and Greece, but they are now mainly represented
by their septs in Turkey and other Middle Eastern
countries, where their numbers are few — and their
lupus population even fewer.

Their wisdom is still said to be great, though. They
hoard it more than evernow, and rarely reveal it to others
within the tribe. If they are not careful, House Gleaming
Eye might next turn its inquisitorial eye on them.

King Tariki is a fearsome figure, a member of the
Ivory Priesthood and one who-is said to know the
Secret of Death handed down to our tribe from the
First Wolf. He travels the Umbra frequently, although
itis said he saw something so terrible on his lastjourney
that his fur fell out and he cannot stop shivering.
Nonetheless, those who meet his eyes say his resolve
his unflinching. None would dream of deposing him.

Nightmane Speaks:

I cannot say which kings have been given the
Secret of Kingship, but I know that Tariki has long
known it. I believe he sought a solution in the lands of
the dead, and perhaps stayed too long. Even though he
bears the Secret of Death, which I do not know, surely
he cannot stare into the eyes of ghosts for too long
without being touched by their despair.

The Ltt Phouset

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The less said about these, the better. It chills the
blood to contemplate them and their failures.
Conguertag Jaw

This house killed itself through insane infighting.
They were once glorious warriors, bred from the mili-

40 Silver Fangs
Tf PMI EPUD Ls EP DBAS DS ITED, 2 EE Ee BEE TP 4

tary might of Rome. But they never fully recovered
from the fall of that empire. What's more, they gained
the enmity of many undead creatures that skulked near
their territories. These Leeches effectively slew many
of them in small, surprise conflicts. The Conquering
Claw's decision to use the wealthy bankers of Italy as
breeding stock was ill informed, for many of them were
in thrall to the Leeches. What few of them survived
into the Renaissance killed themselves off in sword
duels and poisonings, each convinced the othersserved
vampiric interests.

Nightmane Speaks:

And yet, it is whispered among the Moon Lodge
that one of the Conquering Claw lords conquered his
own madness through some means unknown to us
today, although some suspect it involved swearing
fealty to a human wizard, and so sacrificing his own
leadership. If that is the price of erasing the curse, it is
too much to pay.

The bee Pack

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Rumor surfaces now and then that scions of this
house still live, running with pure white wolves in the
barren places of the North. I don't know whether to
believe them or not. Their legends sound more like
materialized ancestor-spirits hunting the Wyrm than
flesh-and-blood wolves. Nonetheless, some persist in
believing that, if the Ice Pack can be found, and if an
applicant can gain admittance to one of its packs, he
can be healed ofall mental illness or sorrow that afflicts
him. A wonderful dream, with little basis in fact.

Because the Ice Pack is believed to be pure and
untarnished, many say that they took no part in the
War of Rage. And yet, certain ancestors implicate
them in the first sparks of that conflict, not as instiga-
tors, but victims. They perhaps suffered the wrath of
another shapechanging race, rightly or not, and so
were used by another house to rally a war.

Nightmane Speaks:

It is said among the Siberakh, the tribe that claims
lineage from our kind and the Wendigo, that some-
times, a spirit can impregnate a Kinfolk wolf, and so
give birth to a Garou with amazing blessings. I believe
that is the manner in which the Ice Pack still lives
among us, not asa physical blood lineage, but asa very
rare, very miraculous birth sparked by an Ice Pack
ancestor spirit. Would that this were true, for it holds
promise for all the lost.

Viofer Sion

Lord Byeli Speaks:

They bear our shame and are an example to all
kings of the price of power. Their last king, whose


name I shall not repeat here, became drunk with
power. But surely you already know his tale, for he wore
the Silver Crown. In his power-mad rage, he deci-
mated the numbers of our English allies in the Get of
Fenris and the Fianna, and so allowed the Black Spiral
Dancers to charge down from the North unopposed.
The house regretted this ever since, and could not
escape the crushing weight of that responsibility. They
all to a man succumbed to Harano, weeping for their
great failure. We must endeavor to ensure it never
happens again.

Nightmane Speaks:

My lord, a Galliard here in your caern sung for me
the Lay of the Silver Crown. In it, he describes your
encounter with King Aaron Everstone and the ghostly
remnants of his house ina distant Umbral realm. I wept
to hear it. Perhaps one day their spirits may shed their
sorrow and return to the Summer Lands for which all
our spirits yearn.

The Collen Sky

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Perhaps the greatest among us, even mightier than
the Crescent Moon. Arak Mammoth-Bold was of this
lineage, and so this house cleaved most closely to
Falcon and Helios. Their disappearance is still a great
mystery. Some say they migrated to an Umbral Realm
ona mission for Helios, others that they all went mad
and wandered into the spirit world each alone or in
groups, and never found their way home. They whisper
it was Luna's revenge for the slight this house delivered
onto her by making pact with Helios, but Clan Cres-
cent Moon denies this, for they are the closest of us to
Lunaand say that the Golden Sky made peace with the
Moon ere they ever left.

Some hold out hope that the Golden Sky will
return to us in our hour of greatest need.

Nightmane Speaks:

Oh, yes, the Moon Lodge has wondered: Did the
Golden Sky sacrifice themselves to the Betrayed Moon
to end the curse? If so, why has the curse not ended?
Perhaps they failed whatever test she decreed for them
in the Umbra. Or perhaps they fled her reach entirely,
and joined Helios in his celestial realms, far from her
reach, guarding his throne as spirit wolves. Perhaps
their going away was Helios' price for our tribe's pact.

The Unknown

Lord Byeli Speaks:

There is another house that we do not name.
Record of its name or deeds is unclear, although we
suspect it was the house that initiated the War of Rage.
Some claim their sheer cruelty in hunting other
shapechangers so offended Gaia that she removed

EATER FEY GEERT Nr me

them from the world, tearing their very name from
history and record. No spirit seems to remember them
or can name them.

Nightmane Speaks:

Iknow less of this house than Lord Byeli. They are
forgotten in all records, even those of the spirits.

The Uonarmed,

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Sometimes called the Silver Spiral, this house
went to the Wyrm. It is said that they are now dukes in
the Wyrm's army, corrupting other Silver Fangs and
initiating them into their own vile house. I will speak
no more of them, for they deserve not even the
recognition of enmity.

Nightmane Speaks:

I join my silence to Lord Byeli's.

The Cofethlaf longus

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Our tribe is beholden to two Celestines: Helios
and Luna. It is through them that we hold our divine
right to rule the Garou Nation. Above all, we revere
Gaia, but we serve Her through the Sun and the Moon.

Each Silver Fang is encouraged to choose one a
lodge soon after his Firsting. Some delay this decision
and some refuse to ever make it; these Garou tend to
never rise in rank or gain favored positions in the tribe,
for if they cannot prove their commitment to the
principles espoused by a lodge, they cannot be trusted
with the commitments of an important post, such as
Caern Warder, Ritemaster or Gatekeeper.

A king's court consists of his advisors from both
lodges and his personal seneschal, who sees to the
logistics of running sept. Each lodge has three neces-
sary posts. In order of prominence, they are: shaman,
steward and squire. The shaman leads his lodge, the
steward sees that the shaman's orders are carried out by
assigning tasks to specific packs, and the squire main-
tains the lodge's material and spiritual possessions and
keeps the rolls of membership.

The shaman is always a Theurge, for that auspice
traditionally hears the voices of the spirits best. In the
case of the lodges, the spirits of Sun and Moon are
sought for advice. The steward is always a Philodox, for
that auspice traditionally arranges the affairs of the
Garou. Finally, the squire is always a Galliard, for that
auspice traditionally tracks the heroes and helpers of
the Garou.

Obviously, not all Silver Fangs can hold such
posts. Most are rank and file members of the lodges,
performing the tasks decreed by the shaman and as-
signed by the steward.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 41

|

The king is of neither lodge; he sits apart from
them and is the balance between them, the Champion
of Twilight, when the Sun and Moon mingle. His
seneschal is likewise neutral, and is most often an
Ahroun, although some kings elect instead a Ragabash,
the more ancient tradition.

Loflge of foe Sion

The Lodge of the Sun is concerned mainly with
events in the material world: history and current
affairs, relations between septs and other tribes, or
tracking the movements of the Enemy. Its methods are
order and reason, the tools of Helios.

This lodge is dominated by homid Garou. Most
lupus choose the Lodge of the Moon, although not all
of them.

There are many methods of leadership recognized
by the Silver Fangs, who have studied such matters for
many years. Each tends to be assigned to one or the
other lodge, usually because it is most suited to that
lodge's philosophy or was first studied by that lodge.

The solar styles of leadership, or "courts," are: the
Forthright Court, the Conquering Court, the Stead-
fast Court, the Righteous Court and the Ideal Court.
Explicating each of these styles would take a week in
itself. The officers of the Sun Lodge can certainly
instruct you on them as you desire.

Each king tends towards one of these courts in his
owntule, orone of the Moon Lodge courts. Some kings
simply do as their own beliefs dictate, and are associ-
ated witha court style by default; others delve into the
philosophy and teachings of those who have practiced
the court before, becoming true scholars of the ruler's
path. I would name you, my lord, as of the Forthright
Court; the court that most values honesty and frank
dealings with its subjects and allies. Subterfuge is seen
as a coward's way to this court. What cannot be won
through honesty is not worth the winning.

As for the other courts, in short: The Conquering
Court values growth through conquest; it is rarely
practiced in these times. The Steadfast Court prefers to
hold its ground and cleave to tradition rather than grow
or attempt new ideas. The Righteous Court is ruled by
a king with a cause, one whose goals have primary
importance over all other considerations of that court
— even at the cost of its long-term survival. The Ideal
Court is one governed by an idea, a philosophy or creed,
whose dictates color all actions of that court.

No king is bound by the laws of these courts; they
are leadership aids at best. Most kings tend toward one
court, but often rule as need be by the dictates of any
court best suited for the times.

In ceremonies, the Lodge of the Sun takes the
direction of North. Its accoutrements are placed there.

|

Insome septs, suchas those of the Blood-Red Crest and
even some of House Wise Heart, the direction of the
Sun is East, where it is first seen in the morning.

Lodge of the Novo

Nightmane Speaks:

The Lodge of the Moon is concerned with spiritual
and mystical affairs, and with the emotional tenure of
its kingdom: the morale of its king's subjects. It ensures
that relations with the spirits are well maintained, and
ever seeks to renew Luna's favor. Its means are insight
and intuition, the tools of Luna. While most of our
lodge's members are homid, we attract the majority of
lupus within our tribe.

Our ceremonies are held in the ritual direction of
South, opposite the solar North. Some Eastern septs
adopt the West instead. The truth is that it does not
matter; it is mere habityThe'Moon cares not which
way we face or where we stand. Does that sound odd for
a lodge associated with rites? Ritual is important, yes,
but slavish attention to such details is an obsession of
the Sun, not the Moon.

Like the Sun Lodge, there are certain "courts" or
methods of leadership associated with the Moon Lodge:
the Primal Court, the Empty Court, the Subtle Court,
the Charmed Court and the Changing Court.

As I said before, I believe your style is closest to the
Subtle Court, for it wishes to keep its light under a
bushel, so to speak, to let traits other than kingship and
divine right gover its relations. I understand that Lord
Byeli sees your style as Forthright, and this is true, too:
only a one-dimensional king leads with a single style.

The Primal Court adheres to the most ancient
ways, those of our wolf instincts; it is rarely practiced
by any but our lupus kings, as rare as they are. The
Empty Court seems mad to outsiders, yet it is based on
keen wisdom: the relinquishment of any standards or
traditions, replaced by pure intuition. The Charmed
Court is ruled by the favor of a brood of spirits, who act
as advisors to the king in all his dealings; a very rare
practice today. The Changing Court adjusts its style to
the whim of its ruler, and is the most mercurial — even.
more so than the Empty Court, for even intuition may
be shared and predicted. It seems that your grandfa-
ther, Morningkill, adopted this style, though perhaps
not by choice. It is best practiced by a Ragabash king,
but can be misused by a madman.

Catipt

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The very idea of camps among the Silver Fangs is
somewhat abhorrent. We are the leaders of the other
tribes. It is our duty to present a single face to them.

Baise nsastinervssaniosnisninrnennintieeas Naas

Chapter Two: Please to See the King

And yet, our differences of opinion often show in the
political camps or in the more secretive brotherhoods,
the existence of which we openly deny to other tribes.

Renew,

Two "camps," Renewal and the Royalists, are not
social affiliations but political philosophies. Often,
like-minded subscribers to one or the other philosophy
will work with one another across territorial bound-
aries, to push their agendas on others.

The Renewal camp seeks to "fix" what they be-
lieve to be a problem in the tribe: excessive adherence
to ceremony and tradition in the face of urgent need
for new solutions to modern problems. They urge kings
torely not on past wisdom, but on present intelligence.
This may certainly be best when applied by a truly
adept king, one who thinks quickly or who has wise
counsel. But what of those who are not so wise?

Renewal camps are popular here in the Americas,
and also among the Blood-Red Crest in India, among
those advisors to their king — what little good it will
do them. There are many Renewal camp advocates
among your sept, I believe, holding you up as their
shining example. I understand that you refuse to take
a side in this. Very wise.

Nightmane Speaks:

This philosophy began with House Wise Heart. If
they support it, it is worth heeding, at least in thought
if not yet deed. It calls not only for a renewal of
leadership style but a spiritual reinvigoration, a return
to the wisdom of the spirits themselves. In ancient
times, many kings would consult the local spirit leaders
before undertaking any action that would affect the
area. Today, such thought for non-human others is
scant. The Renewalists, ironically, call for a return to
this forsaken tradition.

Reyulitt

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Our ancient traditions stand in place of the need
for individual cunning; they provide an answer for
nearly every solution, if followed correctly. So claim
the Royalists. They see no reason to adapt to modern.
times at all, but believe the old ways will serve us best,
and that, by honoring them, we also ensure their
continued relevance in the spirit world, if not the
material world.

Too many of the other tribes have forgotten the old
ways. When we do so, we give them license to also do as
we do. We are their examples. It is our responsibility to
strictly honor that which we wish them to honor. In
these troubled times, does it not seem best to ourselves
return to ceremony, so that they may do the same?

|


Sessa aroma eran any eae eereReL onl onrhaU rem anemic

Renewalists accuse Royalists of seeking only power.
This is a simple mischaracterization, and not support-
able when one realizes that the majority of Royalists
are not kings but their lords — those who serve the
kings. It is their task to ensure the old ways are
maintained, that the ceremonies are performed prop-
erly, and that kings are well counseled in the lessons of
the past. To lose even a thread of this link to our
heritage is to unravel the entire tapestry of Silver Fang
history.

Nightmane Speaks:

As you have surely surmised, Lord Byeli is a Roy-
alist. It suits his temperament, and serves the tribe, for
it fuels his passion for lorekeeping. There is a need for
both Royalists and Renewalists in our tribe, as long as
the balance is maintained and no one side gains
prominence with any one king.

The beory Priathood

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Keepers of the Secret of Death. This secretive
society of Theurges is somewhat like a human mystery
cult from the ancient Mediterranean. They initiate
proven applicants in hidden ceremonies held in deep
caves far under the earth. Only those who pass a series
of spiritual tests are granted the right to know the
Secret of Death, but that right comes with a responsi-
bility: to safeguard it from the unworthy.

And what is the Secret of Death? I cannot say, for
Iam nota member of this society. It was originally won
by the First Wolf when he rescued Gaia from the
Underworld, and then handed for safekeeping to this
secretive order. Queen Tamara Tvarivich is an Ivory
Priestess, and it is clear to all of us from the Mother
Country that the Secret gave her great powers. It
somehow allows its bearers to walk the lands of the
dead and wrest knowledge from them. But it comes
with a price: members of this society exude an aura of
solemn quietude, and some even smell of the grave.
They often wear white robes embroidered with silver
death runes culled from many cultures.

Ihave heard many stories about them, and this one
I will tell: Queen Tvarivich went away from her people
for three long moons, walking the lands of the dead.
She returned with an iron box and a key, which she
forbade anyone to open until the direst of circum-
stances was upon them. When she confronted the
Zmei dragon, she opened the box. None could see what
was in it, but all felt the invisible shroud of gloom that
escaped from it and descended on the Zmei. Because of
it, the Garou were able to slay the other
querable beast.

wee ammo armssrrnava nant La

Ispoke with one of Queen Tvarivich's packmates,
who lost a leg in that battle. He was flush with liquor
and so perhaps told me more than discretion would
normally allow. He spoke of a strange land unlike any
Underworld we have heard of before. This was not a
place for the shades of departed humans, who can only
mutter about their past lives, but a place for the ghosts
of dead animals, those whose tragedy was such that
they could not return to the Womb of Gaia for rebirth.

These forlorn creatures know many secrets of
death, not just one. This old Garou told me that the
Queen learned from them the Secret of the Seven
Scents of Doom. He said that each form of death —
violence, calamity, suicide, starvation and more —
had a particular scent, and that those who knew the
secret could smell those scents before the death they
portended occurred. In this manner, a Garou could
forestall death.

But Death cannot be cheated. He takes his mea-
sure in other ways if thwarted in one. Any who would
use these secrets to change fate must be prepared to
bargain with Death or become his next victim. This
Garou whispered to me that many Ivory Priests had
traveled on far journeys into Umbral lands on quests
for Death, going to the Realms we know — those of life
and nature — where Death cannot tread. In this way,
they bring Death secrets and artifacts he cannot oth-
erwise claim, and so escape their own dooms whenever
they use their secrets to change fate.

I seriously hope the price paid for such services is
wisely borne by these priests, and that they are not
selling all our souls for their own gain.

Nightmane Speaks:

No other society of Silver Fangs makes me more
nervous than do the Ivory Priests. | fear they meddle
in affairs not meant for Garou. Death is not an issue
we should delve into. Our duty is to life and Gaia.
Upon death, our spirits go to our ancestral Realms,
not to the bleak Underworld reserved for those hu-
mans who have sinned against themselves or their
mysterious Celestines. This talk of an Underworld for
animal spirits disturbs me. Such a thing has been told
in legends before, even among the Wendigo. But it is
always associated with those creatures that have done
wrong, who have somehow turned their backs on
Gaia. Some say it is a purgatory for them, until they
remember how to be animals again — to regain their
instincts — but this sounds more like a human idea
than one fit for animals.

] fear that humans have found a way to cur:
those animals closest to them, to drag their spirits

44 Silver Fangs


V thiée

into the Underworld with them. Ifso, then we should
not compound their misery by wresting secrets from
these ghosts, but instead find a way to free them from
this hell.

The Cray Rapport

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Like the Ivory Priesthood, we do not officially
recognize these camps or speak of them to the other
tribes. We know they exist among us, but do not deign
to speak of them, for they often represent facets of our
leadership best left unspoken or unacknowledged.

The Gray Raptors is a society of Silver Fangs who
seek to punish those who insult or ignore the Silver
Fangs' ancient right to rule. Their victims are most
often leaders or members of other tribes who go out of
their way to resist a Silver Fang king's judgment or
ruling. It is often not in the best interest of rulers to
bring justice to these offenders, but the Gray Raptors
do not always heed the best interests of the tribe —
they are more concerned about the letter of the law
and the insult done to our tribe when any Garou fails
to heed us. Hence, they most often act without any
writ froma king, although many aking has nonetheless
used their actions to cement his power. Many other
kings, however, are enraged that any Silver Fang
would dare act without direct permission from them,

Chapter Two: Please to See the King

RT OL, Ee  F S AN

and so seek to rein in these vigilantes and make
examples of them.

Their main tactic is to catch an offender alone
by day or night and bind him to a tree upside-down.
While he hangs, they berate him for his insolence
and beat him with silver clubs. Sometimes, if the
offense was great, they will carve pictograms into his
fur, usually the symbols for "shame" and
"oathbreaker" — despite the fact that few tribes
today recognize the ancient oaths binding them to
Silver Fang rule. Their mission is to strike fear into
others, and so they do not stop at merely beating a
Garou — that causes anger more than fear. They
will harass him by proving that they can get to him
at any time, and no one can stop them. They will
break into their homes and leave tokens of their
presence, as reminders of their vigilance.

Gray Raptors keep their identities secret, for they
know they would suffer potential punishment not only
from other tribes, but also from their own kind, for not
all Fangs approve of their tactics. When delivering
punishment, they call upon a secret Gift that cloaks
them in gloomy shrouds shaped like bird wings. They
almost appear to be Corax in their half-man, half-bird
forms, except that their color is not so much black as
dark gray.

45


Scere eer wre ener cores en courtesan easement)

Nightmane Speaks:

The real reason the Gray Raptors have not been
abolished by our kings, besides the aid they sometimes
render those kings, is that they do not hunt only
offending Garou of other tribes. They are also said to
hunt the undead, and to use other Gifts invoking the
powers of the Sun against them. Few stories are told
about these deeds, however, for their names are un-
known. They are all too often seen as mysterious and
faceless figures, icons rather than flesh-and-blood
Garou. We rarely tell stories about those we cannot
name, and so the Gray Raptors' victories against dark-
ness — if true — go largely unheeded.

Masters of the Saal

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The most secretive of all our unacknowledged
camps — more so even than the Gray Raptors — are
the Masters of the Seal. No Silver Fang would dare to
admit being a member of this society, and would surely
challenge any that accused him of it. This is because
they are thieves, an ignoble profession.

Itis their duty to steal secrets from spirits and from
other tribes. As you have surely surmised by now, the
Silver Fangs are obsessed with secrets: the Secret of
Death, the Secret of Hunting, the Secret of Packs, and
so forth. We feel it is our birthright to know these
things. Astulers, nothing should be kept from us. And
yet, others do, of course, keep their own secrets.

The Masters of the Seal have petitioned many
spirits that our tribe does not normally deal with —
tricksters such as Raccoon or Monkey — to gain Gifts
that allow them to open wax seals without detection,
to unlock locks with but a touch, and to enter warded
places unseen. Like the Gray Raptors, they keep their
identities secret, but they divulge what secrets they
learn to those who need to know them: seneschals,
Gatekeepers, Warders, anyone who can use such infor-
mation to benefit the tribe.

Nightmane Speaks:

When Lord Alexandre Greatmane of House
Gleaming Eye was caught pilfering a cache of treasures
kept by Yurgen Axebreaker of the Get of Fenris, the
scandal shook the entire tribe. He was accused of being
one of these Masters of the Seal. Our tribe, of course,
denied that such a society existed, and demanded that
Lord Greatmane be remanded to his king for proper
punishment. The Get would have none of it and
instead dragged Lord Greatmane into the Battleground
Umbral Realm and challenged him to leave it alive. If
he could escape, they would let him go. Somehow,
perhaps through one of the special Gifts these
Sealbreakers are given by their spirits, he found a way

to slip from the Realm unnoticed, and disappeared,
never to be seen again. I have heard, however, that he
has gained sanctuary in some sept in America's west.

Fred

Lord Byeli Speaks:

It is no secret that our tribe lacks many lupus
members. Our sacrifice long ago to live near our
human Kinfolk so that we could manage them has cost
us. While we do maintain Kinfolk packs near our
wilderness caerns, these become rarer and rarer in most
places these days. Lupus still make up a good propor-
tion of our tribe in the Mother Country, but rarely
elsewhere.

Even more rare are those lupus among us who
attain the throne of kingship. This usually only hap-
pens in wilderness septs. Late last century, the Firebird
Sept was ruled by a succession of lupus kings, but the
Wyrm minions who controlled the Bolsheviks brought
them down. Stalin declared devastating hunts on
wolves throughout Russia. Our Kinfolk stock was hurt
badly, but we hid those we could in the farthest places,
away from human habitation, and they survived.

We must content ourselves with our human side.
The other tribes often accuse us of being too human in
our thoughts and traditions, but we ignore such whin-
ing. We fully realize our plight without need of their
reminders, and we endeavor as best we can to over-
come it.

Fahy

Lord Byeli Speaks:

We, like most Garou, have three forms of family:
our Garou brethren in the tribe, our human and wolf
Kinfolk, and our spirit family: ancestors and Falcon's
brood. We hold our family sacred and sacrosanct.
None can meddle with or harm our family without
incurring our wrath and retribution.

Kinfoe

Inthe old days, any Garou who dared to breed with
our Kinfolk stock was killed for such temerity. Some-
times, the Kin who suffered the violation, willing or
not, unknowing or aware, was rendered sterile, so that
he or she would not breed whelps of ignoble lineage.

It is vitally important that we maintain and trace
the noble lineage of our Kin, whether wolf or human.
This is easiest to do among humans, for they also trace
their lineages, especially if those lineages place them
in positions of power or privilege; maintaining that
privilege for future generations is contingent on trac-
ing the bloodline.

46 Silver Fangs

Ff SPEER LES, CLP REG VE DEG BEN, SIE DEF EEE ADEE EN EF IE II


Why are we so concerned with bloodline? Is this
not merely a primitive holdover from a past that
recognized excellence only in physical makeup, rather
than mental acuity? I think not. One look at the other
tribes and one can see the result of breeding with those
not born to responsibility. It is not so much a matter of
genetics or evolution, but one of class and culture.
Only those born to power can properly wield it. Cer-
tainly, there are exceptions, but they are just that.
Most such exceptions prove to be worse than better.

Those few who rise to power from the lower classes
rarely have the sense of noblesse oblige required of a
great ruler. They are instead all too obsessed with
getting revenge against the upper classes for not freely
distributing the rewards these patricians earned by
dint of initiative. They believe that everyone, no
matter how useless or lazy, shouldbe given the spoils of
victory. Truly, this is an outcast or scapegoat philoso-
phy, cherished by those not strong enough to chal-
lenge an alpha on their own.

The weakness in human society is that it gives voice
to its scapegoats, the lowest among them. One has but
to look at such tribes as the Bone Gnawers or even the
Uktena to see the result of such thinking among the
Garou: pitiful begging or suspicious secretiveness.

"I was wondering when we'd get to this old chestnut,"
Albrecht said. "I can tell you from personal experience that
it's bullshit."

"How so, my lord?" Lord Byeli said. "What personal
experience tells you this? Your time among the outcasts
when you were in exile? Forgive me, butit told you nothing
about their ability to lead tribes. Your own humility may
have aided you in your rule, but do not forget that you were
not born or raised among such outcasts — you were
inculcated with Silver Fang pride from the time you could
walk, reinforced once you had your First Change. Indeed,
was it not such pride that caused Morningkill to fear you,
and so exile you?"

"Always got an answer, huh? Forget my example. I
know lots of Bone Gnawers who never had to lift a paw to
help me, but they did anyway. They went out of their wary
to be generous even though they had nothing."

"But that is their lot, my lord. They are the lowest
among us, but they do not resent us, for they know it was
not we who put them there. They earned their role long ago
and now must live within it. Of course they helped you: It's
their instinct to aid their betters. That some have lost that
instinct is no statement on our rule, but an indictment of
their inability to hold to tradition."

"This is ridiculous. I'm not going to get anywhere with
you, am 1? What about Evan, my packmate? He's not
highborn and yet he has a major destiny among his tribe."

Sense mr aereseren reer en me

Chapter Two: Please to See the King

"His lineage may not have been traced by his tribe, but
I believe you will find that it is not impure. That he was
chosen by the spirits to resolve a wrong done to them long
ago shows that his breeding was not that of a mongrel. He
may not possess the preferred racial characteristics of his
tribe's human breeding stock, but his bloodline lacks any
obvious degeneracy."

"Holy Gaia, you're a walking, talking relic of the age
of eugenics! I refuse to have this conversation. Let's just
drop it and move on."

"Very well then, my lord. As you know, itis our way to
keep our Kinfolk close and to watch all their doings. We even
choose their breeding partners, tomake sure that only the best
are born from their mixed bloodlines. Oh, I see your grimace.
T know you hate the practice, and so do many Kinfolk, but
justias many, if not more, are proud of their role.

"Before we begin.another argument, I will speak of our
lupus lineages. Obviously it is not a matter of class among
the wolves, but of breeding: We choose only alphas and
betas with which to breed. Any wolf incapable of rising to
the top of his or her pack is not Silver Fang material. Hence,
their children will be strong and worthy of our tribe should
they breed true."

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Albrecht said.
"What about metis?"

Lord Byeli grimaced. "They areamong us. Theres little
use denying it. They are a shameful reminder that even we
cannot always keep to our own laws. We do not abide them
as well as other tribes seem to, but neither do we turn them
away, as long as they are of Silver Fang blood and no other.
We give them a place within the sept, one that keeps them far
from our worldly doings. They rarely rise to attain any post
of importance, although I know afew in the Mother Country
who serve as officers of the lodges. Youmust understand that,
during the bleak years of the Shadow Curtain, even our kind
sought solace where they should not."

"L understand. It happens. It's unfortunate, but I'm
glad to hear it's not tribal policy to euthanize them. I'd have
broken that rule a number of times when called upon for
clemency."

"Perhaps your mercy is whatis called for in these times.
Perhaps the metis shall be the most numerous foot soldiers
in the Apocalypse, and so prove their use in the end. Please,
I mean to spark no further arguments. I shall move on, and
speak of how we watch over our Kin."

Kiy-Fifoblat

We track our Kinfolk by assigning Kin-Fetch spirits
to watch over them. It would be unfeasible to assign a
spirit to each Kin, so we instead set them to watch and
record specific family bloodlines. For instance, there is
a Kin Fetch to watch over the Albrechts and all that


|

breed with them for up to three generations removed. |
have heard since | arrived here that your young cousin,
Seth Rothchild, had a particularly grueling Firsting, but
that the Albrecht Kin-Fetch alerted your sept so that
they could find him before trouble arose.

To keep from engaging too many Kin Fetches,
some septs enforce interbreeding at times, so as not to
tisk spreading the bloodline too thin and possibly lose
track of some of their offshoots.

Nightmane Speaks:

Lord Byeli is not exactly correct in what he says.
While the traditional practice of the tribe has been to
keep only noble breeding stock, that has changed
within the last century, particularly here in America
and among the Unbreakable Hearth. The qualities
looked for in Kinfolk are no longer just wealth or
patrician lineage, but honesty and integrity, courage
and ambition. We now often breed with the so-called
"lower classes," with those who display such qualities,
for we believe that their children willalso inherit
them, so long as the families are strong and stay
together. We do not breed among those who have no
family bonds, for that, more than any other cause, leads
to degenerate characteristics: alcoholism, narcissism,
and even depression. We do notneed tocompound our
curse with the diseases of our Kinfolk.

Shit

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Although we do nowbreed with spirits, and rarely
live directly among them, some are nonetheless tied to
us through deep bonds of compassion or tradition.
They are a vital part of any Silver Fang court.

Ancelport
Our ancestors still come to us to remind us of their
rulings or their follies in life. They reside in the
Summer Lands of the Umbra, a beauteous place suf-
fused with the glory of Helios. Each former king or lord
is surrounded by a host of Sun spirits, performing their
bidding and making them comfortable, reminders of
their former lives on the throne. When needed, they
answer our call — if they deem the need important.
Without their wisdom and lore, we would have to
reinvent kingship every other generation, or rely, as do
humans, on recorded words, which rarely convey as
much as those lessons taught directly by those who
were there.
Nightmane Speaks:
Beware when calling upon our ancestors: some of
them still carry the curse, even though they have left
their material bodies behind. Too many kings consult

48

ancestors who are mad or deranged, and whose counsel
is thus suspect and dangerous. Because our tribe refuses
to accept that such things happen, none has yet
chronicled which ancestors are safe to petition and
which should be avoided. They shouldall be respected,
butonly those known not tobe Moon-thralls should be
heeded.

Filet

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Falcon maintains an aerial court in the Summer
Lands, in the high trees and crags of that Realm,
whereby we may petition him or his brood. We can also
find him in other places he holds court, such as
Pangaea or the Aetherial Realm, but he is more favor-
able to us in the Summer Lands, and often projects a
fierce, unyielding face in Pangaea or a distant, almost
immaterial aspect in the Aetherial Realms.

Falcon carries our requests and stories to Helios.
He is the messenger between the Celestine Lord and
our earthly kingdoms. All that we have achieved for
Gaia.is due to Faleon's boons. Those who say we are
imperious and power-hungry fail to understand that,
although we are lords of the Garou, we ourselves swear
fealty to Helios through Falcon. We are but servants of
the heavens.

A host of Falcon's broodmates aids us in our work.
Each is tied toFaleon through a hierarchy of roles,
much as we ourselves maintain within our courts. The
list of such hierarchies among Falcon's Brood was
recorded in the Amber Accounts of the Aerial Reaches, so
called because_a Theurge of Clan Crescent Moon
originally carved it onto blocks of amber many ages
ago.

You of course have already encountered Firebird,
the totem patron of my sept in Russia. He is a wise
totem, the keeper of secrets and lore. His cousin is the
Phoenix, herald of prophecy, who patrons no Garou as
totem but instead watches over the entire Garou
Nation, warning us of the coming doom.

Every Silver Fang knows of Merlin, Wyvern and
Heron, spirits of respect, war and wisdom. They help us
to bolster our courage, to punish our foes and to seek
wisdom where it is least expected. Many packs seek
their patronage.

The Great Flock, also called the Talons of Horus,
is composed of many raptors, for all are broodmates to
Falcon. Silver Fangs may sometimes summon the
flock, but must be wary when doing so, for it is easily
tiled and hard to control. Its members are likely to
judge others on their own terms, not necessarily those

of the Fangs.

Silver Fangs

Uf {PME PALE PET i TD, I ALLEL EG


\

Nightmane Speaks:

Falcon does not only fly by day; he also hunts by
night. He has many night spirits in his brood, although
they are less martial than our tribe usually prefers. One
such spirit is Firefly, the lantern of the night, a being
who can lead the lost to home or to trace the hidden
leys and airts of the world or the Umbra. He is favored
by mystics and travelers.

Another spirit is Moth, especially in her lunar
aspect. She is considered weak by most Garou, but that
discounts her great value: Moth can lead anyone out of
darkness to light, and so can lead the dead from the
Underworld to the spirit world. She also listens and
hears all that is said in the dark of night, when even the
moon does not shine, and can share that knowledge
with those who petition her properly.

Our tribe does not only follow Helios; it also
follows Luna, although she does not easily lend her
brood to aid us. Nonetheless, we can now and then win
over a Lune or Moonbeam to transport us through the
airts of the Umbra.

Auppleet
Lord Byeli Speaks:

Before ever our tribe pledged itself to Helios, we
ran under Luna's banner. Like all Garou, we are be-

holden to the phases of the moon. They form our
identities and tell us our place in society. Each knows
his moon intimately, for it tugs at his heart when in the
sky, even stirring his Rage.

Since we made pact with Falcon, we use our
auspices to honor him. Indeed, one of his reasons for
extending his patronage was so that he could turn the
phases of the moon to his own ends — for all creatures
rely on the moon when hunting by night.

Regabeath —Faleon: Eyer

Our tricksters serve as the eyes of Falcon, search-
ing keenly in the darkness for things others might
overlook. They see new patterns and movements where
others see monotony and stasis. Although it is rare for
them toattain a throne, Ragabash traditionally served
as seneschals, before the Wyrm's depredations forced
us to rely on Ahroun for that post.

Our tribe appreciates humor less than some others.
This is not because we don't wish to laugh and make
merry; it is because our duty lies so heavy on our
shoulders that it is hard to endure the distraction of
laughter, no matter how much we may need it. Kings
of old had official jesters to remind them when their
solemnity risked the morale of the tribe, but most
courts no longer have such a post.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 49

RN SN

NS


|

Thewge — Filton Cate

The mystics of our tribe serve as Falcon's ears,
listening careful forthe whispered sounds of the spirits
brushing against the walls of the worlds. In the sounds
of their speech or movement, the Theurges interpret
patterns of prophecy or gain insight into vexing ques-
tions. It is uncommon for Theurges to sit the throne,
but those who have done so exhibited strange wisdom
that many only came to understood well after their
reign was over. Queen Tvarivich is a Theurge.

The shamans of the Sun and Moon Lodges are
always Theurges. They serve the Celestines and their
broods, ensuring that the will of the spirits is always
heard in court.

Vtilodox — Fnfeons Wings

These philosophers are like Falcon's wings, for
they uplift us and keep us above the petty conflicts of
other tribes, focusing our intent always on the greater
picture. Their thoughtful ways seek compromise where
others see only conflict, and they counsel necessity
when others seek avoidance. A great number of our
kings and queens have come from this auspice, and
their reigns are noted for their longevity if not valor.

The stewards of the Sun and Moon Lodges are
always Philodox. Their temperaments best suited to
organizing the efforts of others, picking each for the
best of his abilities rather than the honey in his words.

Cdblard — Fitton Bak

The bards serve as Falcon's'beak, crying out the
message of honor to the entire world, butalsoskewering
falsity with piercing insight and action. Their courage
to speak their minds no matter the cost is in honor of
Falcon, who can never be silenced. He rarely speaks,
but when he does, all beings listen. And so too with our
bards; they perform less often than Galliards of other
tribes, but their tales are ornately wrought, designed to
last the ages.

Galliards do not often sit upona throne; those who
do serve as kings often prove themselves to be well
liked and popular among their subjects, hated by their
enemies.

The squires of the Sun and Moon Lodges are
always Galliards. They are the lorekeepers, most given
to cataloguing the heroes and fetishes of the tribe, and
giving voice to their deeds.

Abroun — Fafeors Tilont

Finally, the warriors of the Silver Fangsare Falcon's
talons, rending our prey or catching it tightly in our
grip so that it does not escape our justice. Nothing can
sway such a warrior from his duty and his accuracy is

unerring, like Falcon's dive. Most of our kings have
been Ahroun, for the duty of leading other Garou
requires might and muscle, and implacable resolve.
They face numerous challenges and must win them all.
The wisest coax their rivals into calling the challenge
so that they can declare the terms; Silver Fangs rarely
choose gamecraft to decide leadership issues.

Most seneschals of the tribe are now Ahroun. In
the past, when the world was not as imperiled as
today, Ragabash took this role, but no more. It is the
Ahroun who are most capable of the challenge of
seconding a king.

Nightmane Speaks:

It's well and good to give Falcon his due, but we
must not forget that these birthrights were a gift from
Luna. The fruits of their endeavors must ultimately be
her due. The Lodge of the Moon works in its ceremo-
nies to remind Luna that we remember, and honor her
every time our auspice moon rides in the sky.

Colors

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Our customs are our life's blood. Without them,
we would be little more than petty lords scrambling to
hold what power we could over the other tribes. With
the force of tradition, years upon years of ritual and
ceremony, we need not struggle: Keep to the ways, and
the rest will follow. The ancient trials, triumphs and
secrets of many successful lords are embedded in our
traditional lore. It is this link to the past, reinvigorated
by visits from our ancestors, that keeps us from making
the mistakes of the past.

Different houses adopt different customs, but cer-
tain customs are universal to our tribe. I shall try to
discuss only those universal customs here. There are
many sources for these, but the three most well known
are two books and one pictogramic saga. The books are
The Trail of Elder Days, originally composed around
the same time Hammurabi wrote his first laws, and
Powers and Privileges, composed by House Gleaming
Eye in the early Middle Ages but adopted by many
other houses, including Wyrmfoe. The other source,
the pictogramic saga, is carved onto the walls of the
Caern of the Crescent Moon in the Ural Mountains of
Russia. It holds some of the oldest known writings of
the Garou.

The Trail of Elder Days is a bare list of ceremonies
to be performed during certain tasks, most of them
involved in the day-to-day functioning of a caern or
the common tules of hospitality that should be ob-
served between Silver Fang septs or the septs of other

50 Silver Fangs

Tj DUT Ls Ps CLD Es DDG BBY ADP! LS FE


tribes. It is, in a sense, the bible of our ceremonial
customs. It has been added to now and then over the
years, but not often. Any Silver Fang anywhere in the
world will recognize a ceremony from this book.

Powers and Privileges discusses certain ceremonies
but mainly concerns itself with advice on leadership. It
contains kernels of the courts or styles of leadership we
discussed with the Sun and Moon Lodges. It has been
adopted into common use by most Western Silver
Fang houses, but is not used by Wise Heart, the Blood-
Red Crest or even the Crescent Moon. Nonetheless,
their people will usually recognize ceremonies and
customs from this book.

Corcrowtat

Unlike rites, ceremonies are not performed for any
supernatural or magical purpose. They are social rituals
designed to remind us of our tradition and to maintain
consistency of culture across vast geographic distances.
They are also performed to please Helios and his sense
of order and propriety. He bids us to maintain well-
ordered days, and so we formalize many common
functions, from greeting guests, laying out a dinner
table, to extinguishing the lamps at night.

Kings or lords rarely perform these ceremonies;
their practice is the function of those Silver Fangs who
have no more important post or who clearly have a
talent for formality. However, even though all Fangs
are not required to know the leading of such ceremo-
nies, they are required to know their practice, for not
a day goes by that we do not take part in ceremonies of
some sort, be they calling the quarters for a daily
briefing on the state of a caern or merely thanking
Helios for a sunny rather than a cloudy day.

All too often, these ceremonies are practiced
with empty precision and no passion or meaning.
Many of them have lost their meanings, tied to some
ritual of the past whose purpose is lost to us. Hence,
the other tribes claim we merely observe empty ritual,
a not entirely untrue accusation. Would that it were
otherwise.

Nightmane Speaks:

The Lodge of the Moon is as concerned with
ceremony as the Sun Lodge, but ina different manner.
We are more concerned with true rituals than formal
ceremonies, although we do practice a number of these
in our proceedings and at court. But the obsession with
ceremony in every aspect of life is more a trait of the
Sun Lodge. Do not mistake this trend for the highly
sacred, ritualized lives of other tribes, such as the
Uktena or Wendigo. These ceremonies are done less

Se ares anwar rea en ee

to celebrate ancient patterns laid down by spirits than
to formalize methods of getting things done. I believe
you Westerners have a phrase: "How anal."

The ihe of Kingolife

Lord Byeli Speaks:

We practice many of the same rites as do the other
tribes, but we have a prime rite that they do not: the
Rite of Kingship. They may have similar rites whereby
they recognize new leaders, but they are not the same.
The Rite of Kingship recognizes a king before the Sun
and the Moon, ordained with an ancient privilege
from the Dawn of Time, untarnished by the ages.

The rite takes an entire day and night to perform,
as you well know, my lord. The time chosen for the rite
is usually the first waxing phase of the new king's
auspice. It is a bad omen if, during the day portion of
the rite, the sun does not appear. Custom then usually
demands that the new king perform some penance for
Helios, to gain his favor.

If there are two or more claimants to the throne,
the Lodges of the Sun and Moon gather with the
seneschal and discuss the merits of all applicants. Ifany
applicant is found unworthy by those in attendance,
he is removed from candidacy. Those remaining must
determine who is to be king by challenge. It is usually
agame of cat and mouse to see who will lose his temper
first and challenge the other, allowing the challenged
the choice of terms. Those kingly applicants who
choose gamecraft — and win — are often seen as weak
kings, unless they can prove themselves strong during
their rule.

Needless to say, the winner of the challenge is
given the title and participates in the Rite of Kingship
performed for him by the shamans of the lodges, with
his sept's Ritemaster also in attendance, if he or she is
not also one of the shamans.

Nightmane Speaks:

There are times when confusions arise and the
outcome is unclear. Ihave been told the full tale of your
tise to the throne by your septmates, and know that
Arkady won the challenge against you, but could not
win the Silver Crown, which proved him ultimately
unworthy to rule. You see, rare spiritual artifacts like
the Crown, or spiritual events, such as a sudden solar
or lunar eclipse during the Rite of Kingship, can throw
the results into turmoil, calling the legitimacy of the
king-to-be into question. We adhere to tradition and
custom but recognize that it can be overturned by the
will of the spirits.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 51

EO Ee SE Fe

|

"eccrine rn ei en are ar a ae nr re arena)

Ntooks ard Cofebrationt

Lord Byeli Speaks:

We sometimes attend the moots of others, to
discover what is going on in their tribes and to add
legitimacy to those events that they deem cross tribal
boundaries. We are not always welcome, but tradition
sometimes allows us to attend nonetheless. It is up to
each Silver Fang to determine whether or not pressing
this issue is anwise idea.

When necessary, we hold.moots to gather all our

subjects in an area together.and impart a mission or
task on them) especially. if a Wyrm menace'threatens
the area.
We hold two major events each year, at the two
ices. The Lodge of the Moon holds the Winter
e celebration, and all other Garou are invited.
It isa time for fun and passion, one of the few moments
when we allow ourselves to smile and play. We even
allow members of other tribes to mock us with masks
and performances, laughing even at the most ridicu-
lous impersonations of our solemnity. At these times,
the Shadow Lords try to test our jollity by turning
good-natured jest into grave insult, but we endeavor to
hold down our Rage and laugh it off, even calling upon
spirits of laughter beforehand to turn our snarls into
smiles. This does not always work, however, and fights
have broken out, but even the most low of Shadow
Lord leaders rarely condones their followers' provoca-
tions, and breaks up the fight by departing.

The Summer Solstice is held by the Lodge of the
Sun and is open only to fellow Silver Fangs. It is our
time to renew our oaths to Helios and Luna and pledge
our faith to them again, thankful for their unwavering
loyalty over the centuries.

Nightmane Speaks:

The Winter Solstice is more than a time to cel-
ebrate with the other tribes; it isa chance to learn their
secrets. Our Lodge uses the informality of the moot to
engage others in seemingly innocent conversations,
genuinely interested in the great deeds going on in
their septs. As we learn ever more, we gently and subtly
dig ever deeper for more secrets. Eventually, from all
the guests at the moot, one or two will inadvertently
tell us something they meant to keep secret. We play
dumb that we learned anything, and wait — if possible
— until many months later to use the information, to
convince the accidental speaker that we heard noth-
ing, so that he does not keep his guard too high for the
next solstice.

I realize this sounds scandalous, but it is how a
kingdom is ruled. A king should never stoop to use
such tactics; that is what we are here for.

The Litany

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Our tribe was most responsible for the Concord
and the Litany. We could not rule all the tribes from
afar, so we felt it best to give them firm guidelines with
which to rule themselves until emissaries from our
tribe could join them or migrate to nearby territories.
We had no idea of the wealth of interpretations such
simple laws could create. Children are quite creative
when avoiding rules their parents set for them; the
other tribes are as children when it comes to honoring
our rules.

Of course, we did not create the Litany ourselves.
Gaia inspired it, and is Her law given shape in words.
To breach any tenet of it is to sin against Gaia. As the
initial translators and enforcers of Her will, our "inter-
pretation" of the Litany is clearly the most correct.

Garou Stall Not Yate V6 Garoy

All Garou know the punishment for breaking this
tenet: the birth of a metis Garou. These poor creatures
bring shame on usall, for they are living reminders that
we cannot control our passions in the name of Gaia.
Those who commit such sin should be singled out and
marked for it: the sigil of the oathbreaker should be
carved into their backs, where they cannot erase it. As
for the metis, they are not to blame, but neither should
they be held as anything but impure. They should be
given a place in Garou society, but among the lowest.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever ft Duh
aod bhenever It Broodt

Self-evident. Of all the tribes, we have done the
most to rally the Garou Nation against the Wyrm and
its incarnations. We suffered the most in the early days
from its depredations, staying to fight its armies so that
others could escape into new, free territories. But the
Wyrm soon arrived in these other lands, and the tribes
had to fight them on their own, without our leadership.
Some did well and proved themselves worthy, while
others failed and died.

The other tribes have taken to accusing us of such
quaint things as "insanity" and "madness." This is raw
cowardice. They fear to tackle the Wyrm when we've
identified it and so come up with any excuse to avoid
fighting it. They say we are the last to attack, ordering
other tribes to lead the assaults. Untrue. If we are not
in the frontlines, it is because our kind must survey the
entire battlefield and direct the assaults of many.

Regpect the Terrtiory of Ap ofber

Technically speaking, with the voice of ancient
authority, all lands are ours. We are the leaders of the

52 Silver Fangs

YEP. DLL LL ES CT BE DE, TE DEFER


|

Garou Nation. The others hold their lands by our
sufferance. The truth of the matter is we can no longer
enforce this on the other tribes, who have taken our lack
of enforcement as endorsement of their claims. If and
when we feel it is necessary to reclaim our lands, we shall
do so. Until then, we practice realpolitik and respect
these tribes' territories as if they were their own.

If we are to be exemplars of the Litany, we must
show an example to the other tribes as to how they
should behave. By respecting their territories as if they
were theirs, the other tribes will do the same with our
territory and the territories of other tribes, and so
maintain truce among our kind.

Auttpan Ponordbje Surrender

One of the most misused tenets of the Litany by
others, and yet, to us, it is one of the most inviolate. As
the children of Falcon, honor is our watchword. Ifone
acts with honor, he is to be accorded honor. There is
no other acceptable interpretation. If the person is
known to be dishonorable even if he speaks with
honor, we are under no obligation to treat him honors
ably —we aren't fools. But those who are truly honor-
able are due our respect.

It is easy to accept an honorable surrender from a
low-class Garou. Itis hard to offer one: Ifwe should lose
achallenge to an honorable person, we should honor-
ably tender our surrender. It is not easy, of course, and
too many of us often choose never to surrender, no
matter the honor involved.

Jibkidon fo These of Vigher Statler

Another obvious and inviolate tenet. As lords of
the entire Garou Nation, our tribe naturally has the
higher station, even if the other tribes refuse to accept
it at times. We deserve their submission, although we
have come not to expect it. Realpolitik again.

We must also recognize the hierarchies of others,
however. Even though we are their lords, they have
their own tribal and pack structures that we should
respect. Hence, one who holds higher rank than we
deserves our submission, even if he be a Shadow Lord.
This tenet will mean little to you, oh king, for there are
none higher in station than you on this continent, and
perhaps only one in the world your equal or better:
Queen Tvarivich. There is, of course, the Shadow
Lord Konietzko, but your relation with him is of your
higher to his lesser, unless you choose to pretend he is
an equal for the purposes of realpolitik.

The Pitst Shave of fe kif
jor the Cireapett bo Stition

This is a traditional tenet meant to enforce the
right of leaders as leaders. Rarely do they ever accept

a

the first share, most often graciously giving it to he that
caught it. But the ceremony must be maintained, to
keep us from complete anarchy.

By "kill," this tenet refers not only to prey, but also
to things: treasures and artifacts found or won. By
right, the leader has first pick of any hoard.

Yo Shall Not Cat the Flesh of Pomart

The Animal Elders all made pacts in the Dawn
Times determining who could eat whom. The humans
made no such pact, for they had no Elder spirit to make
such a decision for them. They were alone, with only
those allies they could make in the world or those
spirits who took pity on them. No wonder they fared so
poorly, without the guidance of an Elder spirit.

It is unwise to eat the flesh of any being whose
Elder did not make such a pact. Not only does it risk the
anger of that Elder, it risks Wyrm-taint — for it is a
practice of the Wyrm to eat anything, especially the
pactless. Eating humans is especially tainted, for it
mimics the devouring hunger of the Eater-of-Souls.
For this reason, we do not suffer any Garou to eat
human flesh, be he homid or lupus.

Respect These Beneath Vs —
Aide of Gida

‘This isa hard tenet, for it is not always easy to show
respect to those who break the Litany. And yet, itis our
duty todo so. We rule not by might alone, but through
the grace of the Sun and Moon, at the behest of Gaia.
We do not rule out of self-aggrandizement or egotism.
Hence, it matters not whether they truly respect us; we
shall show respect to them. It is the proper thing to do.

It is, nonetheless, difficult.

The Vill alt Nop Ba Lifted

We learned this lesson long ago when we first
walked among humans in their own shapes. They
cannot abide to see us in our glory —such was the price
of breaking the Weaver's curse, when we turned against
those we had taught and slaughtered their leaders.
Nonetheless, this tenet is often broken these days, for
it is harder and harder to combat the Wyrm wherever
it dwells and wherever it breeds without doing so in
plain sight ofhumans— for the Wyrm most often nests
among them.

For some reason I have yet to uncover, many of
our kind suffer from Harano, the desolate despair that
prevents them from acting proactively against what-
ever assails them. Perhaps this is because of the many
losses our tribe has suffered over the years, or the
crushing weight of responsibility we bear for the
welfare of the entire Garou Nation. Regardless, some
of these afflicted individuals have outright ignored

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 53

We ay Gee Ee SRE 2 CURES FP A BEV


bens cere rine eS ee treo a em rampamasrurenetwresurh

this tenet, forcing us to hunt them down and incar-
cerate them.

Lo Not Suffer Thy Fos
paca tS Aue

Many claim that we ignore this tenet. Of course,
these are the same fools who accuse us of madness.
They say that, by allowing our mad rulers to maintain
their thrones, we are "tending their sickness." Cer-
tainly, there have been those rulers who have become
decidedly unhinged, such as your predecessor and
Queen Tvarivich's father. I know not the cause of this
disease, but it is nowhere near as endemic as the other
tribes claim.

Hence, I see no breach of this tenet. Were a king
to become truly ill, beyond a cure, then yes, he must be
deposed. But this is a rare thing, and has not happened
of late.

Nightmane Speaks:

Lord Byeli has perhaps the most common form of
madness among us: willful ignorance. He knows as
well as you or I that our kind is indeed suffering from
an insanity that grows worse. He does not wish to
accept it. If your sept had heeded this tenet earlier,
perhaps you would have been king without need of
the Silver Crown.

The ey, Be haberged
at4ny Time Durtag Peace

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Certainly, kings may be challenged. Even Falcon,
reminded us of this when he offered his pact. But it is
not our custom to do so. For one, times of peace are
rare. It is a grave risk to overturn successful leadership
just because the Litany allows for it. Of course, if
leadership is not successful, then yes, Silver Fangs are
free to attempt to depose their leaders. However, we
furnish our kings with the greatest fetishes and Gifts
known to our tribe; they are not easy to challenge.

Other tribes have, at times, sought to use this tenet
to overthrow ourrule of the Garou Nation. Ridiculous.
This tenet was designed to allow the "alpha" to be
overthrown by his better if he grows weak or old, not
to abrogate our sacred relationship to Helios and Luna
as the only divine leaders of the Garou.

The Leader ay Not Be Challenged
During Wartime

Inviolate. To do so is an act of idiocy, for who
would risk changing rule during a time of martial crisis?
That every hour of every day is now a time of war is
inarguable. Hence, the previous tenet is almost never
applicable. It is always war, until the ash of the Apoca-
lypse fires settles and a new world dawns.

Ys Ste Tike No Aahion
That Causat a Caorn po Be Viofated

Caerns are too sacred too allow to come to harm.
The other tribes interpret "violation" many different
ways. We, however, see what it clearly means: do not
let another misuse a caern, whether it be to allow the
Wyrm to come too close or to fail to use its resources
to defend Gaia. This latter is one of the main reasons
we had to take over caerns in certain places in Europe
and the Americas. The other tribes howled in rage at
our "presumption," but the Litany clearly calls for
action in such matters. To sit on a caern and refuse to
use its power to fuel the fight against the Wyrm is as
much of a violation as is allowing the Wyrm to take up
residence within it.

Kingdom of the World,

There are many places in the world under our
influence — there are many more places that are not.
We cannot personally rule every territory; we must
leave some of these areas in the care of the other tribes,
as much as we are loath to accept their definitions of
"care."

I speak here only of our kingdoms, those areas
clearly acknowledged by Silver Fangs and other tribes
as being under our jurisdiction. Know that many
adjacent areas are under our nominal, if not actual,
tule.

Rusia — The Nofber Comey

We are strong once mote in the beloved Mother
Country, homeland of the Silver Fangs. Queen Tamara
Tvarivich leads the Sept of the Crescent Moon, hold-
ing the oldest caern in the world, ina lush valley within
the Urals, untouched by humans.

My adopted sept, the Firebird Sept, commands a
caern in Zagorsk. The other tribes respect and accept
our role as "First Among the Greatest," recognizing
that we have lived up to our promise as leaders and
protectors of the Garou Nation. We were in the
forefront of the worst fighting here, and Queen
Tvarivich was instrumental in slaying one of the Zmei.
Arkady also led many victories, before finally proving
himself instrumental in destroying the dragon of
Croatia, Jo'clatth'mattric.

The Shadow Curtain, erected by the dreaded Hag,
Baba Yaga, closed our country off for many years. We
could not leave, for a strange barrier prevented our
travel and even impeded our very intent to escape.
Only our Kinfolk could come and go, provided our
enemies did not know them for who they were. Some
were discovered and killed crossing the borders, and so
we forbade any Kin to leave. Even spirits could not

54 Silver Fangs


we

IB AFTER BILIBIN ©

penetrate the Curtain, and so we were trapped for years
under a dark blanket of evil.

But we never succumbed. A few of us fell to
Harano, but the majority forged on, battle by battle,
refusing to yield to the army of Leeches that hunted us.
Finally, the tide turned against the Hag. She was
devoured by forces unknown to us, but we used the
confusion of her death to tear a hole in her allies'
defenses they could never repair. Broken and scat-
tered, we hunted them across all of Russia, killing them
one by one. Some escaped us, but we are eternally
vigilant for their return. They shall not escape a second
time.

With Queen Tvarivich uniting the country once
more, your journey to greet her, my lord, comes at a
most auspicious time. Again, | entreat you to first meet
with my sept leader, Rustarivich, who can act as guide
for you in the Mother Country.

Nightmane Speaks:

Lord Byeli minces his words. I will speak straight.
We ask that you, King Albrecht, meet with our leader
and make alliance with him. He will stand beside you
when you meet Tvarivich. That way, you come with a
stance of power and backing, not as a foreigner igno-
rant of the balance of power in the Mother Country.

The queen will not be pleased, but she will understand
and respect you for it. Know this: we dearly love the
queen, but we do not wish our own lord to become but
a steward to her power. He must stand separate to her,
anally, not a lordling. You are his best ally in this, oh
king.

Wetpern Egrope

Lord Byeli Speaks:

I have already spoken of the troubles in England
between Houses Gleaming Eye and the Austere Howl.
Most of their caerns are now in Gleaming Eye hands,
held, of course, only until their former lords can prove
themselves capable of keeping them from Wyrm taint.
But most of those lords do not show their faces, hiding
with their queen.

France is ruled mainly by Gleaming Eye also, as is
Spain. Greece still has a Wise Heart sept, but none
have heard from it since the terrible appearance of
Jo'clatth'mattric. Their Black Fury neighbors have
told us they still exist, but that they simply desire
solitude, recovering from wounds suffered in the re-
cent wars.

The other tribes of Europe accept the Silver
Fang's traditional rule and presence with little com-

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 55


plaint. They have been there since before the Middle
Ages, after all. They spread ugly rumors about House
Gleaming Eye's tactics, however, and some Silver
Fangs suspect that these other tribes, the Children of
Gaia of Provence in particular, are sheltering mem-
bers of the Austere Howl. If this is true, Gleaming Eye
will not long accept such impertinence — these
tribes have no business interfering with tribal affairs,
especially when the accusation of Wyrm taint has
been levied. Those caught harboring Austere Howl
Fangs will be punished.

The Nid Eatf

The septs ruled by House Wise Heart in Turkey,
Iran and a few other Middle-Eastern countries are our
only caerns in these lands. We know little about how
Wise Heart maintains these septs against the human
hegemony of the region. It would be an interesting
course of study to find out. Perhaps once my duty tomy
sept is finished, | will go there to see for myself.

Nightmane Speaks:

lam wary of King Tariki, for he is an Ivory Priest
and I fear he delves into secrets not meant for Garou.
The secretive nature of his septs worries me. | find
myself wishing that Gleaming Eye would pay less
attention to the already broken Austere Howland turn
its attention to this mysterious house's activities.

The Atersoat

Lord Byeli Speaks:

I know something of this country, as I studied it
before my sojourn in Russia. I gathered what news |
could upon my return to the West, but I still surely
know less than you, my lord. Perhaps you could turn
the tables and lecture me on this territory?

"Yeah, sure," Albrecht said, sitting up from his
slouch. "Let's see. You got the North Country Protector-
ate here, ruled by me. House Wyrmfoe territory. Down
south, Virginia way, not too far from D.C., there's
another Wyrmfoe sept, keeping an eye on the political
class, so to speak.

"Up north, in Canada, you get Unbreakable Hearth
territory. They also have a big caern near Chicago, from
where their king rules. He's a decent guy. Cyrus-the-Bald.
L like him, although I can't say we get together that often.
His people have another sept out West, Colorado way.

"That brings me to the other Wyrmfoe sept, the one in
Northern California. It's not big, but it's earnest. It's the
only one of ours in the States run by lupus. They aim to keep
loggers out of the old growth forests, and are leading amulti-
tribe effort there. I lend them what help I can."

"Isee," Lord Byeli said. "And what would you say are
the most pressing threats in America?"

"That's easy: Defiler Wyrm. I think it's got its claws
in deeper here than in Europe. It feeds on ignorance, and
we sure give ita lot of that. Of course, we also give it more
grief than I think it would get in Europe: we don't sit on
our hands debating what to do or getting a coalition
together; we just roll up our sleeves and charge the damn
thing wherever we find it. Finding it's the tough part,
because it thrives on secrecy."

The Cait

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The only other region of note for our kind is the
East, in which I include Australia. Members of the
Austere Howl still rule there, angrily denying Gleam-
ing Eye's charge of Wyrm-taint. They have even
dared King Calvin to make such an accusation to
their faces. It's a challenge they want, but Gleaming
Eye doesn't have the resources to give it to them so far
across the world.

There are also some Silver Fangs from the Blood-
Red Crest in Australia, ruling among their Asian
immigrant Kinfolk, but they have nowhere near the
power base of other tribes. Their main power is still in
India, but that is where they suffer their tragic curse,
where none canseem to bear true cubs. One can clearly
see that, if this keeps up, there will soon be no Silver
Fangs in India. I believe that Tvarivich is aware of this,
and has spoken to some of her people about immigrat-
ing there, to see if they can help the Blood-Red Crest
and, if not, to take over their caerns before they lose
them due to lack of defenders.

Throughout the rest of Asia, our tribe is rare. This
is Stargazer territory, and also that of the courts of the
Eastern Fera, who are far more united here against our
kind than elsewhere.

Ribag the Caron Nation

We suffer our role as leaders with equanimity, for
the most part. Being a leader means being cruel at
times — or so it can seem to others who don't under-
stand the full import of our duties or the larger picture
we are forced to see from our high perch.

If have made scant mention of the other tribes in
my teachings, it is not to slight them. It is just that,
since there are so many of them and only one of us, we
cannot play favorites, and must treat them all the
same. This often means becoming deaf to the contin-
ued entreaties of one tribe so that we may listen to the
more infrequent whispers of another.

The other tribes will always complain about our
rulings, no matter how true or just they may be. We
must inure ourselves to this and accept it, not allowing

56 Silver Fangs

7 /EDETPL AE, CP EE i TF DDR DIED LAT IED as! LPB PD IE FLED TS

y


their complaints to deter us. They interpret this as an
insult, a willful ignorance of their wishes or wisdom.
Notso. But, you have surely heard of the quaint human.
parable of the boy who cried wolf. The other tribes
have yet to learn that, if they complain about every
ruling, good or bad, how can we trust their judgment
on any issue? They must prove their discretion and
acceptance of proper rulings before they earn our ear
when questioning the improper ones.

Ishall address each tribe individually. Your Ameri-
can experiences may have taught you different atti-
tudes than I shall present. I can only give you the Old
World perspective.

Lack Fintat

Of all the other tribes, we perhaps respect the
Furies the most. Not that we agree with them most of
the time — indeed, we rarely ever agree. But their
forthright attitude and steadfast stance make them
honorable in our eyes. However, they despise our
"patriarchal" system. Although they are deferent to
our queens, they still seem to prefer rule by a council of
elders rather than asingle, proven king or queen. That
is their burden to bear, not ours,

Interestingly, House Wise Heart gets along quite
well with them in Greece, although | suspect this is
because their septs there do not try to rule Black Fury
septs, and instead seem more concerned with intro-
spective studies of ancient history.

Your packmate, Mari Cabrah, strikes me asa fairly
typical Black Fury. That you get along so well with her
is a good sign for our tribe. I do not understand your
smirk, Did | misinterpret something?

Bone Guawert

The Bone Gnawers at least know their place,
unlike the Glass Walkers. They may whine from time
to time, but they are uncomfortable in any other
position than their role as the least among us. | must
say, they fare worse in material circumstance in the
New World than they do in the Old, but they seem to
be treated better here. A strange turnaround.

They breed with mongrels, both human and wolf.
They stink of the sewer and their speech is full of vile
invective. And yet, they are ever alert for the faintest
scent of the Wyrm. As they live so close to the places
it. usually breeds — the pits of human misery — they
are best positioned to flag its appearance. When they
perform this task well, they are due the reward of our
favor. If they fail in it, they need to be reminded of their
use to us, and why we suffer their presence.

SS eremsemnirmareasren reese Nan ume

Chon of Cala

Perhaps there was once a place for these gentle
Garou, but that world ended long ago, when the Wyrm
erupted from its lair, spreading balefire and malais
We must give no quarter to this foe, and be ever-wary
not to award the mercy it craves. The Children of Gaia
all too quickly yield to mercy, sparing creatures best
slain. We should not coddle or condone such actions,
for they endanger us all:

There is; of course, a place for mercy within the
Garou Nation, when we deal with errant subjects who
do wrong even though their hearts are pure. You
exhibited such mercy to our Lord Arkady, and I respect
you greatly for it, as it allowed him to return to the
Mother Country and help us to free it from tyranny. It
allowed him to redeem himself by combat. In this
instance, your mercy was wise.

But the Children of Gaia award mercy to every-
thing, with no discrimination or wisdom. Their hearts
are still in the Dawn Times. | fear such idealism will be
the death of us all.

Fraona

Although their penchant for humor and satire
often raises our hackles, we are best to humor them in
return, for they are steadfast allies when won to a
cause. We must occasionally remind them of their
place — something they still refuse to admit — but
when they are "on the same page" as we, out alliance
is formidable.

The Austere Howl has had an on-again, off-again
relationship with this tribe, for they have shared lands
for many centuries. That relationship is currently at an
end; the Fianna have withdrawn the hospitality of-
fered to that house as it sought to escape House
Gleaming Eye's investigations.

Perhaps thesthing we respect most about the
Fianna is their ability to maintain their ancient cul-
ture; it wells up within them unbidden, as if the stories
and legendsstill live as part of their spirits, not separate
records written in a book or told only by bards. Their
ability to hold onto caerns is also admirable in this age
of ever-shifting alliances.

But beware their spontaneity. Before they commit
to an affair, they prefer to test it from all angles. Such
avoidance of commitment is their flaw.

Gch of Fenrls

The Get is perhaps the tribe with which we share
the strongest heritage, for our tribes have lived closely
with one another since ancient times. Their Kinfolk

Chapter Two: Please to See the King $7

NN

Sere eer renee ores sre re Anr emsnrrensen ren

invaded the Mother Country long-ago, and we skir-
mished with them until the*tights:to key breeding
stock were worked out. More often than not, we have
fought side by side to defend caerns the world over
from the Wyrm's soldiers.

They still respect our-ancient right of rule, which
is more than can be said of most tribes: They do not
always honor this right, but they recognize it imtheory.
If our rulers prove themselves honorable and coura-
geous, the Get will more often than not accept their
leadership in multi-tribal affairs.

Their flaw is that they do not respect wisdom if it
is not accompanied by might. This causes them to see
weakness in what others know to be cunning strategy.

Glas Wulkort

These fools live in the heart of cities, whereas we
prefer the outskirts. We recognize the need to live
near to our Kinfolk, so that we can attempt to guide
the leaders of humanity; but even we will only sacri-
fice so much. The Glass Walkers do not see their exile
into the Weaver labyrinth as a sacrifice at all: They
revel in it.

I suppose there is a certain wisdom here, for the
Glass Walkers clearly understand the spirits of human
ingenuity and technology better than any other tribe.
But I fear they have come to love them too dearly.
Where once they were tasked with controlling these
spirits to keepthem from running rampant throughout
the spirit kingdoms, they quickly forgot that duty and
instead persuaded these spirits to their own uses. If the
Glass Walkers bad not proven their capability in
foiling the Wyrm many times over, I would call them
treasonous.

Red Tilont

Respect their raw Rage and lust for combating the
Wyrm, but be wary of their hatred of humans, for they
often extend it to homid Garou. They; like the Chil-
dren of Gaia, are relics of an older time. It isa testament
to their survival skills that they still thrive in certain
areas of the world, but their days are numbered. It isno
insult to say this, for all our days are a countdown to
doom. I hope for their sake that; in the world to come
after the Apocalypse cleanses the Wyrm's taint, there
isa place for their kind tolive, unmolested by humans.

Shadow Lorde

These perfidious fakes once had a duty they took
quite seriously: to righteously challenge our leader-
ship, to find the flaws in our methods so that we might
fix them and become stronger. In this manner, they
served not only our tribe, but also the whole Garou
Nation. Somewhere along the way, they mistook their

role as adversary and Devil's advocate for the role of
heir to the throne. They now believe that their tribe
has the right to rule — because, they say, there is no
longer any divine mandate for anyone, and hence,
only the most capable should rule. This outrightspurn-
ing of the Celestines' obvious ordination of our tribe is
an insult, for it claims that no Garou is so ordained,
that' each. must struggle for himself in a world of
individual versus individual, and pack ties be damned.

I fear that other Garou believe their vision is truer
than ours. Such is the deception they practice, the vile
demiagoguery of lies they profess, that even the others
have begun to question and to wonder if what they say
is true. The irony is that they know the Shadow Lords
are liars, but they have come to believe that everyone
isa liar —evenourtribe! Insucha world, why not exalt
the best liars among us?

For the sake of Falcon's honor, if not ours, we
must shut their mouths before they are allowed to
utter further insults. I grant you that this Konietzko
everyone speaks highly of in the Balkans seems to be
an honorable Lord, but even if so, he is not typical of
his tribe.

Soot Stehders

Many of us believe that the Striders know the
Secretof Death, but I do not believe so. That they have
some ability to walk the lands of the dead is undoubted,
as is their lore concerning the-spirits of the Under-
world. But I suspect this comes not from the possession
of a secret but from a curse. If they so readily control
death, why then do their ancestors not appear to them?
It is clear that their spirits do not go to the Umbra we
know, but perhaps travel a darker road to the Under-
world, to share eternity with forlorn human spirits.
Can such a curse be broken? Perhaps only by discover-
ing its cause can this question be answered.

The tribe does produce excellent messengers,
and we respect their stoic natures. House Wise Heart
surely has more dealings with them than I have had
in Russia, but they rarely speak of what they know to
other Silver Fangs.

Syagaart

We oncesought their wisdom, welcoming them to
our courtas advisors. Even then, we were fully aware of
their penchant for abstraction, and took their advice
with caution. Since their defection from the Garou
Nation, we don't know what to think. Is this some
strange ploy to escape our rule? To go behind our backs
and build secret alliances among the tribes? Or is it
worse: do they conspire with the other Fera against us?

One thing is true now: do not trust a Stargazer.
They may indeed still have much wisdom, but none

58 Silver Fangs

7 fff SSG. (iy CLP, SEABBEES B52 SPEBEP IED ISDN LE BBE AL LINE ILE SETS


can now know if it is genuine or fake. If they have
removed themselves from us, their very brethren, what
else will they remove themselves from? Gaia Herself?
A wolf that walks alone is a suspicious thing; its
loneliness may cause' it to seek what allies it can —
even among the Wyrm's minions.

Uktena

I fully concede this ttibe's vast.and ancient lore,
and respect it. But I donot respect their secretiveness.
It is one thing to hide things from the other tribes,
another thingentirely to hide themfrom the rulers of
the'Garou Nation. Certainly, their Kinfolk's tragic
histories have colored their relations with other tribes,
but that is no excuse. They need to overcome their
reticence and share with us what they know, so that we
together may plan sorties against the Wyrm.

We in the Old Country have few, if any, relations
with them. Only rarely have their seekers come to our
land, digging up secrets or long-buried lore. They
inevitably leave once they have found what they
sought, and so we are none the wiser about them,
although they leave knowing something of us.

Mendigo

Like their older brother tribe, the Wendigo have
few relations with us. The Siberakh, a small tribe that
claims heritage from both Wendigo and Silver Fangs,
still clings to its tiny caerns in the northeastern tip of
the Mother'Country. They are an interesting group,
and seem to combine the best of both our.tribes;'but
this is easy: they rarely go forth.into the world to fight
the Wyrm, and so can easily keep to ideals that are
never tested.

As for the Wendigo, I know little of them except
that they are bitter against the European Garou for
taking their caerns. We certainly engaged in such
conquest, but we also kept others from overstepping
their bounds in this, defending the right of the Wendigo
to keep their lands to the North. For this, I suspect,
they hate us less than the others.

The Fira

What is there to say of any worth about the other
Changing Breeds? Since we did them the favor of
exiling them to lands still pure with Gaia's wealth
while we took the more corrupt territories near to
humans, we have had few dealings with them.

In the Mother Country, we of course respect the
might and resolve of the Gurahl, but they have done
little to decide the fate of that land. While it may be
true that their rituals kept the worst of the Hag's magics
from despoiling the land, we rarely saw them take the

SO

Chapter Two: Please fo See the King

field, and so it is hard to credit them with things we
know little about.

The Corax revere the Sun, and so we allow them
hospitality in our caerns on those rare occasions when.
they ask for it. We do not respect the manner in which
they "honor" Helios — by thieving for him — but we
understand that, at least in their minds, they do so in
the name of his majesty.

I myself know next to nothing about the Nuwisha
werecoyotes. There are none in Russia, at least that I
have ever heard. Likewise the Bastet, who are mainly
found in India and other parts of Asia. I do not like
their attitudes, but I cannot speak from personal expe-
rience. The Blood-Red Crest distrusts them, for their
goals are different, but they do not seek to dispossess
them of their lands, for they seem to recognize that the
werecats fulfill some sort of niche.

There are other Fera in the world, but as I said
before, they live in lands far from where we rule. [ have
heard terrible things about the Ananasi, Wyrm-cor-
rupted werespiders. The very thought gives me chills.
If they were ever so bold as to make forays into our
lands, we would quickly remind them what klaives can
do to Weaver webs.

Nightmane Speaks:

The Lodge of the Moon has had more dealings
with the Fera than have the Sun Lodgers, for they tend
to travel the Umbra less frequently than do we. We
have, on occasion, met Fera in the spirit world, and
learned more of their ways.

I believe that the rumors Lord Byeli heard about
the Gurahl are true: Their rites do indeed help to
maintain the orderly cycles of the spirit world, and
hence they affect the material world, too. Were it not
for them, the Mother Country might not have sur-
vived its years under the Hag's shadow. Truly, there is
a reason Russia chose the bear for its symbol.

Sipernatord Bolagt

Lord Byeli Speaks:

There are other supernatural beings besides
shapechangers, spirits and Wyrm minions. Some of
these creatures do serve the Wyrm, but most do so
unknowingly, and not all of their kind are corrupt.

Leather

Not all humans die; some continue in a mockery
of life, their spirits trapped in their bodies, maintained
by some powerful Gift or charm we cannot decipher.
They prey upon living humans, drinking their blood
like spiders feeding on insects. The metaphor is apt, for
both beings are associated with the Weaver. She has

nama ar a re a

Sen aera URANUS ure ere

somehow cocooned these undeadcreatures in a form of
immortal sta‘

It is our duty to end their existences whenever we
are able, but beware: they are masters of deceit, and
compete with our tribe to sway humans. It is best to
never confront one face to face, for its powers can
overwhelm your judgment and twist your will to its
own ends. Better to hunt it by day, for these vampires
cannot bear the light of Helios. It is said that the Sun
cursed them long ago, offendedat the manner in which
they cheated death. The very touch of his glance turns
them to ash.

Another thing about.which you-must be wary:
they have a means by which they control the wills of
humans, including our Kinfolk. Watch your human
Kin closely so that they never come under the thrall of
a Leech.

Warde

Certain humans become possessed by a type of
spirit being we do not yet understand, a seemingly
immortal spirit from the far celestial reaches of the
Umbra. This thing melds itself to a human soul, and
gives it vast powers overall of Gaia's creation. Strangely
enough, they do not necessarily stink of the Wyrm, and
neither do they all seem to serve the Weaver.

At times, these wizards have appeared in commu-
nities over which we watched, and these often seem to
work toward the same goals as we. But not all such
wizards agree, and some choose instead to master the
spirits of technology — or worse, create new ones with
but a thought.

It is best to avoid these wizards entirely, unless you
are sure you have the upper hand. We cannot predict
their powers or their plans. Occasionally, they are seen
walking the Umbra, but they more often disappear
into the celestial reaches. Sometimes, they do not
even walk with bodies, but send their minds floating
bodiless through the spirit world. Such a thing should
not be.

Nightmane Speaks:

These wizards form tribes among themselves.
One such is called the Speakers-to-the-Dream. Of all
these wizard tribes, they are the ones most respectful
of Gaia's spirits. Indeed, they often ally with these
spirits, although in a different manner than we. I still
counsel that they are to be avoided, for some of them
use their powers to coerce spirits, since they cannot
call upon the ancient pacts that garner the spirits'
goodwill and service.

Sea

Lord Byeli Speaks:

Although faeries have always been uncommon,
they are more rare now than ever. They do not even
seem to exist in this world anymore, and the spirit
paths to their Realms in the dreamlands are lost. It is
as if they were mere dreams, and now their dreamer has
awakened and forgotten them. This is sad, for we
appreciated their fostering of nature and their gentle
laughter, even if we also hated their malicious pranks
and refusal to heed our commands.

Nightmane Speaks:

The Mother Country is poorer without the Rusalka
and their brethren.

Chetl

Lord Byeli Speaks:

The Ivory Priesthood has spoken with ghosts, but
we do not generally approve of such things. These are
human mysteries. Those Garou who delve too deeply
into them risk getting drawn into these mysteries,
trapped in their labyrinthine enigmas. Was that the
curse of the Silent Striders? If so, it would be best for
the Ivory Priesthood to respect the Secret of Death but
to never invoke it.

Formbfable Pormant

Now and then, groups of odd humans have ap-
peared to harass our septs. They pos: uncanny
stamina and resolve with which to withstand our
assaults — not to mention the sight of our Crinos
forms. We do not know where they come from or
whom they serve, but they seem intent on ridding the
world of what they deem to be supernatural horrors.
We would do best to teach them the lesson of who was
here first, and let them remind their brethren never to
come near our caerns again. If they persist, then
perhaps we shall call the hunt in reverse, and track
down these would-be predators, teaching them what
their ancestors knew — do not anger the Silver Fangs.

The setting sun cast a red gleam on Albrecht's armor.
He tightened the straps on his shoulder-plates and adjusted
the position of his sheath, testing to make sure his grand
Klaive could be drawn at a moment's notice.

"My lord," said Thomas Abbot, Steward of the Lodge
of the Sun, bowing his head. "Your entourage is ready, and
the Gatekeeper awaits your command to open the Moon
Bridge."

Albrecht nodded and tuned around, examining the 10
Silver Fang warriors gathered about him. Amidst their

60 Silver Fangs

VA {FTE ULEL LB CS CBA ESE IDG ED, NN SELLE DEEN CLE BG


ranks stood Lord Byeli and Nightmane. Standing nearest to
Albrecht was Evan Heals-the Past, holding a long spear,
and Mari Cabrah, unarmed but looking just as dangerous
as the warriors with klaives.

"All right," Albrecht said. "Let's get this show on the
road."

"Hold but a moment, lord," Abbot said, approaching
Albrecht with a short red cape, embroidered with silver and
golden pictograms and edged with fur. "It would not do to
arrive without your badge of kingship."

"Holy Gaia, this isn't the Ice Capades. I am not
wearing that thing. All it's missing is sequins."

"But it is the traditional robe of office!" Abbot sput-
tered. "It is customary to wear it when greeting the kings
and queens of other houses."

Sie sae OTT PE IE

Mari couldn't suppress a laugh. The warriors glared at
her as if she had given grave insult. Albrecht scowled.

"You know, that's one custom I think I'm changing.
This," he said, tapping the silver band on his head, "is
custom enough."

Abbot seemed not to know how to respond. He opened
and closed his mouth, and then bowed his head, folding the
cape. "As you wish, my lord."

"Okay," Albrecht said, walking forthrightly toward
the center of the caern, where the Gatekeeper prepared to
open a moon bridge to Europe. "To the Mother Coun-
(TY scae"

Mari and Evan fell in behind him, followed by the
warriors. Together they entered the silvery-blue light of the
Moon Bridge and climbed the lambent arc of its pathway
into the dark, starry sky of the spirit world.

Chapter Two: Please to See the King 61

anemia



"I am certainly not one of those who need to be
prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod."
— Sir Winston Churchill

What sets a Silver Fang apart from any other
werewolf in the Garou Nation? What marks her out as
amember of the ruling tribe, as part of a dynasty that
has ruled in nearly unbroken line for centuries and
which has led the Garou Nation to both some of its
greatest victories and its most ignoble crimes?

One Fang might tell you that it was all a matter of
breeding. The tribe is fanatical about keeping track of
its bloodlines and genealogies. Its members even ac-
cord each other respect by the degree to which they
match the image of the ideal Silver Fang hero: pure
silvery white coat, noble features and a strong, tall
body. To a degree, it is true. The Red Talons may
protect their wolf relatives fanatically and the Fianna
integrate their Kin completely into their lives, but no
one keeps track of Kinfolk and ancestry like the Silver
Fangs. Breeding isn't the whole story, though.

Another Silver Fang might tell you that it is the
willingness to seek leadership for the good of all, and
not just the leader themselves, that defines the tribe.
Again, it is a good point. The Fangs labor under a
burden of Luna-induced madness to secure their role as
leaders of the Garou. An obscure legend suggests that
the tribe gained its name by its willingness to carry

klaives against the enemies of Gaia: the original Silver
Fangs being another name for those mighty fetishes,
which pain the wielder even as they rip into the
enemy. The legend is almost certainly apocryphal but
it, like so many Garou legends, hides a greater truth:
that the Silver Fangs, as a tribe, are generally prepared
to undergo privations for the sake of victory.

In the end, though, these things, while they go
some way to explaining what makes a Silver Fang a
Silver Fang, still fall some way short of the truth. Not
every member of the tribe is a glowing example of
physical perfection. Some don't even have silvery
white coats. Not every Fang is willing or able to take up
any form of leadership, even as pack alpha. That's
probably just as well. If they were, the whole tribe
would probably have torn itself apart by now.

Silver Fang society is as rich and diverse as that of
any of the other tribes. It may have a strong Russian
heritage and an inclination towards leadership, but the
tribe's custom of breeding with the most powerful
families in any society has given it a cultural breadth
that few outside the Fangs appreciate. Many a would-
be King of the Garou has dismissed the Silver Fangs as
doddering, half-mad, has-beens. Every one of them has

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 63

Seen ee EEN


|

discovered exactly why the tribe has been able to hang
on to power for so long.

One reason for that survival is the tribe's sense of its
history and dedication to keeping it alive. The Uktena
may hold the secrets of the past and the Fianna its stories.
Each Silver Fang, though, is a living piece of heritage, her
connection to the heroes known and celebrated and the
expectation of her raised to match. It is a difficult destiny
to live up to, especially on the eve of the Apocalypse. Yet
the tribe stands firm. Falcon has granted the Silver Crown,
to one of its number once more. Will you character be
able to take up the burden as well?

Zuckgrowndl

A Silver Fang defines herself as much by her
heritage as by the werewolf she has become. This is one
of the sources of conflict between the tribe and the rest
of the Garou Nation: A young pup may arrive, carrying
an ancient fetish that has been borne by werewolves of
her lineage for generations and able to recite her
ancestry through the last few millennia or so, and she
will demand immediate respect. The natural inclina-
tion of most of other Garou is to ask whatshe has done,
not who her antecedents were.

This defining aspect of the tribe's nature means that
most Silver Fang characters will tend to start off some-
what Background-heavy. As with the other Revised
Tribebooks, this chapter provides some guidelines on
personalizing your character's Backgrounds so that they
match both the character and the tribe. These are not
hard and fast rules, just guidelines to spark your own
creativity. Part of the joy in playing a Silver Fang is the
weight of heritage that comes with them, so really go to
town. The more detail you throw into these Backgrounds,
the more you will enjoy playing the character to the hilt.

Abt

A Silver Fang'sallies usually lie amongst the upper
echelons of society. While power and social rank don't
always go hand-in-hand, they often do and so these
allies will usually be well placed in the local human
social hierarchy, or at least wish that they were, and
will thus be willing to help the character in the hope
of later patronage.

It's also common for Silver Fangs to have allies
from their own tribe or others. After all, they are the
leaders of the Garou Nation. Even in these dark days
on the eve of the Apocalypse, when doubt can assail
the heart of the stoutest werewolf, there are those that
are willing to stand by the historic rulers of the Garou,
despite their faults.

Ancelport

This is a prestigious' Background amongst the
Fangs; not exactly more common, but those cubs that
show the gift are encouraged to develop it as much as
they can through»proper reverence and mediation.
With the tribe's obsession over its own lineage, ritual
contact with the spirits of its ancestors is very much an
everyday part of its spiritual life. It's certainly possible
that the obsession with genealogy doesn't end with
death and that the Silver Fang ancestor-spirits are
likely to make themselves available to their descen-
dants, even over many generations, so that the wisdom
of the line does not getlost through one unfortunate
untimely death. Silver Fang record keeping being what
it is, a character usually knows exactly what relation-
ship he has with his particular ancestor-spirits.

Conpackt

Don't fall into the trap of having your character's
contacts all be amongst the wealthy, aristocratic and
powerful. Even if the character himself is from that sort
of a background, he will encounter many different
sorts of people through his life, be they people he's met
through school, employment or indulgence of their
particular vices. There's no doubt, for example, that
some Silver Fangs have contacts amongst the criminal
fraternity that would put the Bone Gnawers or Glass
Walkers to shame. After all, there's nothing a success-
ful criminal likes more than trying to gain an aura of
respectability by hob-nobbing with the aristocracy. Be
creative: The sort of life your character has led influ-
ences the choice of contacts, and vice versa.
Fitith

Fetish is a very common Background amongst
Silver Fang characters. The tribe probably possesses
more klaives and other fetishes, handed down through
bloodlines, than any other tribe can claim. The tribe's
reputation for leadership, and propensity for leading
from the front, have lead toa great number of fetishes
being made which support those roles: boosting the
Fane's leadership abilities, their prowess in combat or
their survivability when charging headlong intoa knot
of Wyrmspawn'at the head of a pack.

Obviously; many such fetishes have been lost down
through the years, tisually on the occasions when the
Wyrmspawn proved to be just too strong. Many Silver
Fangs whose child has undergone a First Change under
take a quest with their pack to try, often guided: by an
ancestor-spirit, to reclaim one of these lost fetishes as a
coming of age gift for their progeny. On other occasions,
the family keeps the fetish of a fallen Fang unused until

64 Silver Fangs

Fpl FE LLEBLLED, DPS ALBEE EINE, ILL ELE L LEI CL LEIS

y


anew werewolf is born into the line, at which point they
take up the family heirloom.

Knfolh

The Silver Fangs keep a closer watch over their
Kinfolk than the vast majority of the tribes, save the
Fianna, perhaps, The Silver Fang genealogists, usually
but not always Kinfolk themselves, keep)track of
lineage and births with an almost ruthless efficiency,
which was born out of necessity:As the Fangs have
always bred with the ruling class of human. cultures,
rather that the whole mass of a culture, they only ever
have asmall and close stock of Kin to breed with in any
particular nation.

This Background is common in Silver Fang char-
acters and usually represents the character's own im-
mediate family and relations. If not, it more than likely
represents close friends, old school friends from one of
the Silver Fang Academies and slightly more distant
relations actively at work in the local Sept.

Wenpor

Mentoring is common amongst the Silver Fangs.
Once again, it's a function of the tribe's obsession with.
its bloodlines. Mentors are, whenever possible, direct
blood relations of the young cub, there to both advise
them in the ways of Silver Fang life and educate her in
her own family's story and heritage. Grandparents or
granduncles and grandaunts are the most common
choices for mentors, but if no such werewolf is avail-
able, any close elder blood relation will do.

Pure Exce,

Breeding is central to the way Silver Fangs view
the world and themselves. Every Silver Fang character
must have at least three dots in this Background, and
many have even more. The tribe devotes significant
time to tracking and recording its genealogies and thus
probably has a good idea who a particular character's
ancestors are back through many, many generations. It
also means, as noted above, that the tribe keeps a very
careful track of its Kinfolk and thus can keep the
breeding pool pure.

This obsession has led to purity of breed becoming
a mark of the potential worth of a werewolf. The purer
his blood, and the more he looks like the idealized
image ofa Fang, the more easily the rest of the tribe will
give him respect. The late Lord Arkady was a perfect
example of this. Members of the tribe were ready to
disbelieve the many (and often justified) allegations
made against him, simply because he was widely be-
lieved to be the purest Silver Fang born in generations,

Ss eee gang ED AAT PEE a

Chapter Three: Good Breeding

Reources

Many werewolves expect a Silver Fang to have
wealth to match her nobility. Often, they're wrong.
An aristocratic heritage is more important to the tribe
than wealth, which it views very much as a secondary
or tertiary concern and one that is both redolent of the
Weaver's touch anda symbol of the rise of the mercan-
tile classes, usurpers of the true ruling class. Thus, it is
very difficult to generalize about this background.
Some Fangs are indeed fabulously wealthy. Some, born
of a family that has fallen on hard times, but whose
blood is still pure, have little more than the clothes on
their backs.

Even amongst the more successful Kinfolk families,
much of their wealth is often invested in land and
property, to help protect it from the ravages or property
developers unwittingly doing the Wyrm's work, and to
enhance caern security. Individual members of the
family only get as much money as their role and status
demands they have. The tribe has bigger things to be
concerned about than its members' disposable incomes.

Roa

Asone might'expect from a tribe that values both
tradition and heritage so highly, rites are an impor-
tant part of the tribe's social structure. As one Bone
Gnawer Ragabash once commented, not only do the
Fangs conduct rites at the drop ofa hat, they have
rites for. che dropping of a hat. To be fair, the rite in
question is actually a symbolic removal of the crown
of leadership that bars the werewolf from ever acting
asapackalpha, but the point is a good one. The Silver
Fangs don't actually have any more rites than the
other tribes do, they're just more committed to using
them. Thus, most Silver Fangs end up learning some
rites at some point in their lives. Conversely, though,
very few young Silver Fangs know any. It is something
no one expects them to learn until they have some
experience under their belts.

Totem

The Silver Fangs can be somewhat sniffy about
their totems, even in mixed packs. As a rule, they
dislike totems that don't seem to carry some form of
status with them. Falcon and his brood are preferred, of
course, in particular those totems that also act as
totems to the Silver Fang Houses. They certainly avoid
insect totems, if they can-do so, and tend.to take a lot
of ribbing from tribemates if they endup ina pack with
one. In particular, though, they dislike totems con-
nected with small mammals. The tribe's affinity with

|

Sree cera ar PU i Prom Prana

oe A

Falcon leads them to see such animals as prey and
beneath their own lofty status. Of course, individual
Silver Fangs can see this arrogance for what it is and
join a pack with such a totem. He just shouldn't expect
much understanding from his peers for doing so.

tiffs

Falcon's brood recognizes the inherent right of the
Silver Fangs to rule and thus grants them Gifts that help
them fill their appointed role in werewolf society. The
Fangs consider these the preserve of the rulers and do
not share them with lesser Garou who are not prepared
to take up the same burdens and responsibilities.

Members of other tribes who show the right poten-
tial, loyalty and responsibility may learn the Fangs'
tribal Gifts. However, they may never learn House and
Lodge gifts. These Gifts are the result of very carefully
constructed pacts between the Houses and Lodges and
the spirits in question, and the spirits absolutely refuse
to share the knowledge of them with other tribes.
House Gifts are occasionally taught to members of
other Houses, anda very few Silver Fangs have actually
learned Gifts from both Lodges, but precious few have
the wisdom to attempt that feat in these final days.

Tobe Cif

© Eye of the Falcon (Level One) — Falcon is a
great predator, with keen eyes and a sharp beak. As he
soars in the sky, he can spot the tiny movement in the
grass that betrays the location of his prey at great
distances. He shares this Gift freely with his children
so that they may spot their foes easily and lead the
Garou into battle with confidence. Any of Falcon's
brood may teach this Gift.

System: All visual-based Perception and Alert-
ness rolls are at -1 difficulty. The same applies to all
long-range weapon attacks, such as a bow or gun.
The Gift costs one Gnosis point to activate, and
lasts for a scene.

MET: Basic Gift. Spend a Gnosis Trait. For the
rest of the scene, the user is up two Traits on all tests
related to general vision and perception, and one Trait
up on all ranged attacks.

© Ice Dance (Level One) — This Gift is a legacy
of the tribe's deep roots in Russia and the frozen
north. The Wyrm often chooses its battlegrounds
with cunning, using Gaia's own snow and ice against
Her defenders. This Gift allows the Fangs to face the
Wyrm on equal terms, or even turn Gaia's own beauty
to their advantage by moving freely across snow and
ice, as if it was a flat plain of green grass. An ice
elemental teaches this Gift.

66


System: The player spends a single Gnosis point
to activate this Gift. Its effects then last until the next
sunrise. All Dexterity-based rolls while on ice or snow
are at -I difficulty and the werewolf may move at
normal speed across both deep snow and ice. As this is
a Gift of balance, Philodox gain more from it than
most: their Dexterity rolls on snow and ice are at -2
difficulty and they may double their normal running
speed when they are on snow or ice.

MET: Basic Gift. With the expenditure of a
Gnosis Trait, the Garou ignores the normal penalties
for traveling across snow or ice, and in fact is consid-
ered one Trait up on all Physical tests made while
traveling such surfaces. Philodox users are two Traits
up on all relevant tests, and move at twice normal
speed across such surfaces. This Gift lasts for the
remainder of the session.

¢ Reason's Grasp (Level Two) — The Silver
Fangs took up many burdens when they accepted the
leadership role for the Garou Nation. One of the
hardest of these to bear is the propensity towards
Harano and the mental disabilities that beset members
of the tribe. However, the spirits took pity upon the
tribe members who were suffering and failing at a time
of need, so they sent a Firebird spirit to teach them this
Gift. Reason's Grasp allows a Silver Fang to free herself
temporarily from Harano or mental illness. It can also
protect against any sanity-altering attack, be it from a
spirit, Wyrm creature, vampire, mage or demon.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Willpower (difficulty 7). The character can ignore
the effects of all mental disabilities for a number of
scenes equal to the number of successes rolled. Alterna-
tively, each success may reduce by one the number of
successes scored ona roll to affect the character's sanity
made by an outside agency. Should the unfortunate
player botch this roll at any point, the werewolfs
dementia runs out of control, completely dominating
the character's thought process for 24 hours.

MET: Basic Gift. This demanding Gift requires
the expenditure of a Gnosis Trait and a number of
Simple Tests equal to the Garou's permanent Will-
power. For each Simple Test the Garou wins (or ties,
if they also expend a Willpower Trait while activating
this Gift), they are free from any Derangements they
might suffer from for one scene or hour, whichever the
Storyteller deems appropriate for their game. Even if
they are confronted with stress that would normally
trigger their Derangement during this time, they are
unaffected, though the player should still roleplay
some reaction to such stimuli. In addition, each suc-
cessful test grants them a retest against any sanity-
altering powers used against them, though each retest

Seer sense es ereseren FEV a Nan ee

used in this fashion no longer counts asa success for the
purpose of determining the Gift's duration.

© Talons of Falcon (Level Thrée) — Falcon's
talons are sharp, allowing him to grasp and impale his
prey, before it even realizes that he has swooped. He
grants these same talons to the most worthy of his
children, so that they may impale their foes upon
their claws. This Gift turns a werewolf's claws into
wickedly sharp impaling weapons, able toslice through
skin and muscle and deep into the entrails of the
Fang's foe. A falcon spirit of the Great Flock imparts
the secret of this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
makes a Dexterity + Brawl roll to attack, as normal.
The attack does Strength + 3 aggravated damage and
any attempts to use supernatural healing of any de-
scription on the wound are at +1 difficulty. Garou
using this Gift often screech like a falcon that has just
won its prey as they attack, and many opponents have
fallen into fox frenzy when confronted with such a
fearsome strike.

MET: Intermediate Gift. By spending a Gnosis
Trait and emitting a fierce falcon-like screech, the
Garou may add two additional levels of aggravated
damage to a single claw attack. This Gift may be used
as often as the Garou likes, but the Gnosis Trait must
be spent before the attack challenge is made; if the
attack fails, the Gnosis is still spent. This Gift does not
work in conjunction with other Gifts that enhance a
Garou's claws such as Razor Claws or Silver Claws; only
one may apply for a given attack.

© The Secret of Gaia (Level Five) — Some Silver
Fang legends tell of a Great White Wolf who gave his
own life to save Mother Gaia. He was the ancestor of
the Silver Fangs, and of all the werewolves. Those
werewolves who rise to the highest rank amongst the
tribe sometimes learn the secret that Gaia imparted to
the Great White Wolf after his sacrifice, one that
deepens their connection to Herand allows them to be
completely aware of their surroundings.

Everything about her environment suddenly be-
comes part of the werewolf's awareness. She can sense
the lay of the land, the type and nature of the plants
growing on it and what forms of animal life live there.
She can sense what spirits are at work in the area's
Penumbra. The werewolf also gains some sense of the
health of Gaia in that area. In an urban area, she might
feel constricted or restrained, while in an area under
attack by the Wyrm, she might feel itchy or in pain,
depending on how successful the Wyrm minions are.

Any Silver Fang of sufficient rank may learn this
Gift, but the majority of those who learn it are Theurges.
For some reason, members of House Wise Heart

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 67

\\) ai

erway

|

\

receive this Gift more frequently than to those of any
other House. It is technically possible for a Garou of
another tribe to learn this Gift, but ithas not happened
in living memory, and no song records such an event
occurring. Those werewolves who do learn this Gift
are often changed as a result. Many choose to walk
barefoot on the earth whenever they can, and show a
greater than usual aversion to cities. None of them can
actually articulate what the secret is, saying that it is
either something you understand, or you don't.

System: Secret of Gaia is a more powerful version
of the Theurge Gifts Spirit Speech (Werewolf, p. 138)
and Pulse of the Invisible (Werewolf, p. 139) and
works in a similar fashion. The player spends a point of
Gnosis toactivate the Giftand then rolls the character's
permanent Gnosis (difficulty 7). The werewolf gains
an uncanny awareness of her surroundings for a one-
mile radius for every success achieved on this roll,
almost integrating her awareness into the very land-
scape. She can automatically see into the Penumbra
and may look at both the Penumbra and the material
realm simultaneously if she wishes and can step side-
ways at -2 difficulty. Some Theurges have likened the
experiences to what the world must have been like
before matter and spirit separated. All Perception rolls
made within that radius are at -3 difficulty. All local
spirits that are free of Wyrm taint can sense the
character's oneness with Gaia and are well disposed
towards her. All social rolls are at -2 difficulty while
dealing with spirits. This same oneness grants the
player an extra die in all rolls, save those involving
combat, that occur while the character is in this state
in addition to the other bonuses.

The Gift lasts for one hour for each point of
permanent Gnosis the werewolf has. If the roll is a
botch, the pain of Gaia overwhelms the character's
senses and Harano cripples him for the duration of
the scene.

MET: Advanced Gift. This effect is largely de-
scriptive, and in essence is a combination of the Gifts
Spirit Speech and Pulse of the Invisible, as outlined above.
The Garou must spend a Gnosis Trait to activate this
Gift; once it is in effect, she is up two Traits on all tests
to cross the Gauntlet, and can automatically see and
communicate with any local spirits without difficulty.
In addition, the Garou is up three Traits on all tests
involving sensory perception due to her acute aware-
ness of her surroundings, and receives a free retest on
all friendly Social tests with nearby spirits devoid of
Wyrm taint. In addition to these game benefits, the
Spirit Keeper should keep the character abreast of any
major changes in the spiritual landscape, and at the
Narrator's discretion the Garou's intense closeness to

the immediate area may occasionally manifest in less
direct ways as well, such as receiving premonitions of
important events about to occur, sensing impressions
ofa great triumph (or tragedy) that happened there in
the past, and so on. This Gift lasts for one scene per
Gnosis Trait the Garou possesses.

Prous Cif

Each of the Silver Fang houses has developed its
own set of Gifts, some given by their house totem, a
member of Falcon's brood with particular affinity for
the house, or taught by other spirits to help the house's
members. Most of these Gifts can be taught to other
Silver Fangs, but not to members of other tribes.

Austere Howl

© Osprey's Eye (Level One) — Osprey can spot
his prey in the water from high in the air above, despite
the distorting effect of the water itself. She gives her
children the same ability, so they may hunt the en-
emies of Gaia as easily in the water as in the air. This
Giftis taught by an osprey spirit, or by her ally, Salmon,

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis. For
the rest of the scene, the character can see into water
as if there was no distortion at work. In addition, if the
character is submerged in the water, he is at -2 diffi-
culty to any vision-based Perception roll.

MET: Basic Gift. With the expenditure of aGnosis
Trait, the Garou may see into water without penalty;
in addition, if actually submerged, the Garou is two
Traits tip on all tests of visual perception. This Gift
lasts for one scene.

© Osprey's Flight (Level Two) — When Osprey
hunts, she can hover over the water. She wishes her
children to hunt over rivers just as easily, so she teaches
this Giftto those who prove themselves worthy enough.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis. For
the rest of the scene, the character may move over the
surface of a river or lake as if it were solid ground.
However, for the character to do anything other than
just run across the water, the player must make a
reflexive Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty 8). Fail-
ure sends the unfortunate werewolf to a humiliating
bath. This Gift only applies to rivers and other fresh-
water bodies. It cannot be used on the sea or on
saltwater estuaries.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait, for
the rest of the scene the Garou becomes able to travel
on the surface of lakes and rivers without penalty;
however, for each turn that she wishes to do anything
other than simply walk on the water, she must first
make a Simple Test. (Athletics may be spent to retest
this challenge.) Failure means that she immediately

68 Silver Fangs

VIB TEI LCDs TE CLLEGE, LTTE ELE ET TT ALT


7 **}

falls into the water, though she may still act that turn.
This Gift does not work at sea, nor does it allow the
Garou to cross saltwater of any kind.

© Austere Mind (Level Two) —The Silver Fangs
of House Austere Howl have always valued self-con-
trol. To this end, they successfully petitioned a stone
elemental to teach them this Gift that grants them the
emotional stoicism of a rock.

System: The player spends one Gnosis; the diffi-
culty to enter frenzy is raised by 3, and the character
may add two dice any roll to escape frenzy. This Gift's
effects last until the next sundown.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a moment in calm
meditation, preferably in contact with bare earth or
stone, the Garou may spend a Gnosis Trait to channel
the stoicism of the cold stone. Until the next sunrise,
the Garou is three Traits up to resist frenzy regardless
of the source, and furthermore she (or any other
character attempting to do the same) receives a free
retest on any attempts to calm her down or otherwise
endher frenzy. However, while this Gift is in effect, the
Garou receives the Negative Trait: Callous.

Shoo Red Chatt

© Merlin's Call (Level Two) — This Gift allows
the alpha ofa pack to call out to her fellows, letting
them know exaetly where she is andallowing them to
rally around her, even in complete darkness or other
situations in which the werewolves are effectively
blinded like heavy fog, or intervening walls. However,
the sound that the alpha makes cannot be used by
other creatures to locate the Garou. A merlin-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Expression (difficulty 7). Any othermem-
ber of the character's pack knows exactly where she is,
relative to his own position, fora number of turns equal
to the successes rolled; any creature within earshot
who is not a member of the pack hears nothing.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Social Trait, the
Garou may declare "<Pack Name>! Metlin's Call!" as
loudly as gameplay permits; any pack members within
hearing distance are immediately aware of where the
alpha is and how far away they are relative to him,
regardless of blindness, in-game walls or other barriers
and the like. Use of this Gift does not count as an
action. Non-pack members do not hear the call, in-
cluding other Garou or beings with supernatural hear-
ing, and thus they cannot track the Garou based on
this noise. If the Garou spends a Gnosis Trait in
addition to the basic cost of this Gift, not only may he
extend this Gift's benefits to pack members outside of
hearing range (possibly requiring a Narrator to alert

2 icienscamssaeier instance Naas

them), but pack members are considered one Trait up
on all challenges for the remainder of the turn. (To
speed play, the player should discuss this Gift with her
pack beforehand, and indicate use of the enhanced
version of this Gift by adding "Inspired!" or something
similar to the end of the call.) Garou who are not pack
alpha may not use this Gift.

¢ Burning Blade (Level Three) — This Gift
causes a Garou's weapon, be ita sword, klaive or axe,
to burn with a deadly fire that burns her enemy even
as it bites into their flesh. A firebird spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7) to
activate the Gift. The weapon now does two extra dice
of fire damage (which is to say, aggravated). Flam-
mable objects will catch fire if struck by the blade. The
fire burns for a number of turns equal to the number of
successes rolled.

MET: Intermediate Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait,
the Garou may cause a melee weapon he is wielding to
burst into flame, inflicting an additional level of aggra-
vated damage on a successful strike and forcing targets to
win or tie a Simple Test to avoid catching fire after being
struck. This flame will also light any flammable objects,
though it does not harm the Garou herself, nor does it
damage the weapon in any way. This Gift lasts for a
number of turns equal to the Garou's Gnosis rating,
though it may be re-activated at the end of this time with
another Gnosis expenditure. Only melee weapons can be
affected by this Gift— bows and firearms are ineligible to
receive this Gift, as are thrown weapons or claws, and
throwing the weapon in question causes it to extinguish
immediately at the end of the turn.

Cratcont Moon

© Wind of Buzzard's Wings (Level One) — As
the Wendigo Gift: Call the Breeze.

¢ Leshii's Boon (Level Four) — This Gift allows
the Fang to turn the very plants and trees of the forest
against herenemies. Tree branches lashagainst themand
roots trip them up, animals nip at their heels and insects
swarm around them. A leshii spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and
rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 6). Every enemy
of the werewolf within a radius of the number of
successes scored in meters loses two dice from every
non-reflexive roll for the duration of the scene. In
addition, should they be foolish enough to try to eat
anything they find in the forest, it will do the number
of success rolled levels of lethal damage.

MET: Intermediate Gift. With the expenditure of a
Gnosis Trait and a Mental test against a difficulty based
on the wildness of the surroundings (retest Occult), the

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 69

Ne SE Sr ES FEY A TEN,

|

Garou may cause nearby plants and woodland animals
to lash out at targets of her choosing. Foes thus afflicted
are at a one-Trait penalty on all tests for the rest of the
scene due to the constant distraction; however, the
forest seldom inflicts true harm unless the target is so
foolish as to try to eat anything they find, inflict grievous
or gratuitous injury on a forest creature, or otherwise
insult the spirits of the forest. Each time they wish to
indulge in such behavior, these unfortunate souls must
immediately make a Willpower test against the Garou's
Gnosis Traits; failure means that they immediately
suffer a level of lethal damage, inflicted somehow bythe
forest and its inhabitants.

nbreakabfe Hearth

© Harrier's View (Level One) —The Gift allows
a pack alpha to have a prefect sense of where his
packmates are, relative to his own position. This
allows him to howl orshout orders more effectively and
plan the tactics of the group better. A harrier-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis to activate
the Gift. For the remainder of the scene he has an
uncanny sense of his packmates' location. All Leader-
ship rolls involving packmates are at -2 difficulty and

all participants in any pack tactic gain an extra die on
their roll(s) to complete the tactic.

MET: Basic Gift. With the expenditure of a Men-
tal Trait, the Garou immediately knows where all of
his packmates are, relative to himself, and is two Traits
up onall Leadership tests with his packmates for the rest
of thescene. In addition, pack members are considered
one Trait up on any tests related to pack tactics or
other specific plans the pack worked out in advance,
due to their strengthened bond.

© Hidden Meaning (Level Two) — Sometimes
what someone doesn't say is just as revealing as what
they dosay. This Gift allows a listenera sense of exactly
what a speaker is concealing or avoiding saying. A
heron-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The playerrolls Perception + Empathy. Ifthe
roll succeeds, the character gains an idea of what worries
the speaker most, even if they
haven't alluded to it in
anyway during the
speech. The


|
|
|

more successes achieved, the more information the Story-
teller should provide.

MET: Basic Gift. To use this Gift, the Garou must
first listen to the target talking about a particular topic
for at least a minute. She may then make a Mental test
(retest Empathy); if successful, she may immediately
ask her target "What worries you most?" about the
subject of the target's speech. A Narrator may be
employed to ask this question and relay the requisite
information if the Gift user desires.

ke Pleat

© Locate Spirit Tutor (Level Two) — The
werewolves of House Wise Heart are renowned for
their skill as tutors and mentors. However, they know
that the spirits themselves are the best tutors for Gifts.
This Gift allows a Silver Fang in the Umbra to locate
the nearest spirit that can teach a particular Gift that
he wishes his student to learn. From that point on-
wards, it is all up to the student and the spirit. A
peregrine falcon-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and
rolls Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 7). The more
successes scored the better sense the character has of
where an appropriate spirit resides.

MET: Basic Gift. To use this Gift, the Garou must
first cross into the Umbra; it never functions in the
material world. Once they have crossed, the Garou
must spend a moment meditating and beseeching
guidance, then spend a Willpower Trait and make a
Social test against a difficulty of five Traits. If success-
ful, the Garou immediately gains a sense of where the
nearest spirit is that can teach the Gift he has in mind,
though it is up to the Garou to actually befriend the
spirit; all this Gift does is locate a suitable teacher.

© Deep Roots (Level Two) — This Gift allows
the steadfast members of House Wise Heart to stand
their ground against their foes. Nothing can move a
werewolf rooted with this Gift, although he is as
vulnerable to other forms of attack as ever. Any forest-
dwelling spirit can teach this Gift.

System: The player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7).
The character becomes rooted to that spot for a num-
ber of turns equal to the number of successes on the
roll. Any attempt to push, pull, drag or lift the Garou
automatically fails to move the character, although it
can still do damage.

MET: Basic Gift. With the expenditure of a Physi-
cal Trait or level of the Survival Ability, the Garou may
become immovable fora number of turns equal to their
permanent Gnosis rating — all attempts to move her
automatically fail, though she still suffers damage

normally, and if she is rendered Incapacitated or killed
this Gift ends. Note that the Garou may still choose to
move during this time if she wishes; she is simply
immune to being moved by others.

Mypnfoe

° Eagle's Beak (Level Two) — The eagle's
beak is a sharp, tearing weapon that can tear its prey
apart in seconds. An eagle spirit can teach a Silver
Fang the secret of eviscerating his enemy swiftly
through this Gift.

System: The player spends a Rage point and
spends a turn screeching his defiance at his enemy. For
the remainder of the scene all bite attacks do two extra
dice of damage.

MET: Basic Gift. To activate this Gift, the Garou
must spend a Rage Trait andan entire turn screeching
at his foes in defiance, though he may still defend
himself normally in that time. Following that, for the
rest of the scene all bite attacks inflict an extra level of
damage of the appropriate type.

© Hand Blade (Level Two) — Many Silver Fangs
specialize in klaive dueling and swordplay. On occa-
sions, they are disarmed or attacked when they are
unarmed. This Gift allows them to rely on their skill in
swordplay by turning their arm into a razor-sharp blade
that slices and cuts like the best-forged sword. An
ancestor spirit, usually a former klaive dueling master,
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Rage and
rolls Gnosis to transform his hand. For the rest of the
scene, he may use his arm like a sword, by rolling
Dexterity + Melee (difficulty 6), doing Strength + 2
aggravated damage, as his claws are part of the blade.
However, each parry or other blade-to-blade maneu-
ver the werewolf attempts costs him one level of lethal
damage. More than three unregenerated levels of
damage inflicted this way render the arm useless.

MET: Basic Gift. With the expenditure of a Rage
Trait, the Garou's arm transforms into a bladelike
shape, allowing him to wield his arm like a sword for
the rest of the scene, including using Melee for all
relevant retests. In all other ways, the Garou's arm is
treated as a sword (use the statistics for a klaive if in
doubt), including dealing aggravated damage as the
Garou's claws are part of the weapon. Every time they
attempt a parry or similar blade-to-blade maneuver,
however, the Garou automatically suffers a level of
lethal damage, even if the attempt is successful, and
more than three such levels of damage render the arm
useless until it has time to regenerate.

Chapter Three: Good Breeding vil

ln te eae

aN


Seren errno eee ie rar mar a remeron erence)

onge lift

It is not easy to gain Gifts from the two Silver Fang
lodges. It requires commitment and study before spirits
will consent to teach such a Gift to a werewolf, and
even then they may put the supplicant through a
number of tests before they will even consider giving
up their wisdom.

Jim Lodge

Sun Lodge Gifts are jealously protected secrets
and are not taught to any werewolf unless he has
proven himself loyal and committed to the lodge's
ethos. This isn't a matter of embarking on a quest to
prove worthiness or swearing great oaths of loyalty, but
instead of integrating the virtues that the lodge honors
into the character's life. In essence, it is very hard to
prove yourself worthy unless you already possess the
virtues needed for worthiness. This includes a measure
of tact and diplomacy, an ability to lead fairly without
favoritism and a demonstrated tendency to balance
instinct with rational thought. The character has to
display these attributes over a period stretching for
months or years before the spirits will accept a peti-
tioner as genuine. A very few werewolves have been
able to prove themselyes worthy of both Sun and
Moon Lodge Gifts, but they are amongst the legendary
heroes of the tribes.

© Truce of Helios (Level Two) — Helios brings
reason and tact to the werewolves who honor him. He
teaches the Garou to temper their instinct and Rage
with thought and logic. Thus, those who follow him
often become skilled diplomats and negotiators. Often.
the biggest problem in achieving a truce, treaty or
alliance is getting the other side to listen to the argu-
ment that the character is putting forward. This Gift
forces them to listen to what the Silver Fang has to say.
However, Helios values truth and justice. He does not
force the listener to accept what is said. Neither does he
allow his followers to use this Gift to gain a combat
advantage over another by using it to delay the listener
while an ambush or attack is organized. Any werewolf
using the Gift in that way will find that it doesn't work,
and may find it never working for them again. Helios
sends a Child of Karnak or a Firebird spirit to teach this
Gift to those he finds worthy.

System: To enforce a truce, the player spends a
point of Gnosis and rolls Charisma + Etiquette (diffi-
culty 7). If the roll succeeds, the negotiation proceeds
under the force of a spiritually imposed peace. All those
involved in the debate must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 9, minimum of two successes needed) to
attack the speaker, ignore him or otherwise disrupt the
proceedings. The truce endures for one hour per success

rolled. However, should the Silver Fang calling upon
this Giftbreak the truce, its effects immediately end and
will never be effective against the same target again.
Doing this isa terrible insult to Helios and results in the
loss of three points of temporary Honor and may lead to
the character's expulsion from the Sun Lodge.

MET: Basic Gift. In order to activate this Gift, the
Garou must openly propose a truce that the other
side(s) ina dispute agrees to accept; if this condition is
met, the Garou may spent a Gnosis Trait to spiritually
enforce the conditions of the peace for all present.
During the following negotiations, those who seek to
attack the speakers, outright ignore them or otherwise
disrupt the proceedings must first defeat the Garou in
a test of their Willpower versus the Garou's Social
Traits. Even if they aresuccessful, they may still suffer
loss of Honor Renown unless pressing reason exists for
them to have violated a truce agreed upon in good faith
in' this manner; should the Garou using this Gift
violate the peace himself, he suffers an immediate loss
of Honor Renown regardless of the circumstances, and
may even be expelled from the Sun Lodge unless the
situation was truly dire. In addition, this Gift is never
again effective against those who were present for the
Garou's violation of this sacred trust: This Gift lasts for
the duration of one day or one negotiation, whichever
comes first, although it should be noted that while
those present are forbidden from attacking each other
as part of the truce, they are still able to defend
themselves from sudden attacks or other outside threats
that may fall on them while this Gift is effective,
without loss of Honor.

© Honor Pact (Level Three) — This is another of
Helios' Gifts that allows diplomacy between even the
most intransigent of opponents. For the Gift to work,
though, all parties involved in the negotiation must
agree to its use willingly, even if they consider their
position fixed and room for debate to be minimal.
Participants must show their willingness by spilling
their own blood and mingling it with that of the other
participants, usually by slicing open their palms and
shaking hands. Helios does not consider those crea-
tures without blood or with toxic or damaging blood
worthy of his Gift and they cannot participate. Each
participant then swears an oath to both Falcon and
Helios to work with her fellow participants to find a
solution. This forges spiritual bonds between all in-
volved, preventing them from acting against one
another's interests and hopefully allowing a conclu-
sion to the negotiations that suits and benefits all.

On occasions, a pack with a Sun Lodge member
will use this Gift to prevent minions of the Defiler
Wyrm turning one packmate against another. Helios

allows a Child of Karnak to teach this Gift.

72 Silver Fangs
, / Ad oe ee ee, Ee, ee rs


ee

here Ave fhe Level One
Jie Lodge Cif?

The Sun Lodge doesn't teach Level One Gifts,
simply because a werewolf of that lowly rank has
not yet reached the sophistication and under-
standing necessary to truly understand what the
lodges are about. While first rank characters can
be members of one of the lodges, they do not gain
true understanding of the concepts involved for
some time. Level One Gifts are too simple and
straightforward to really reflect the philosophies
of the Sun Lodge. While some of the tribal Level
One Gifts are more associated with the Sun Lodge
— Reason's Grasp, for example — they are not
truly Lodge Gifts, because any werewolf can grasp
the concepts involved.

System: Each participant must spend three Gnosis,
while the player of the user of the Gift spends four
Gnosis. All players (and the Storyteller, ifa Storyteller
character is participating) make a Charisma + Rituals
roll (difficulty 7). If the rolls succeed, all Social rolls
between the group are at -2 difficulty. The players
shouldalso roleplay the lack of antagonism and care for
each other's interests with the guidance of the Story-
teller, who has the final say on what this entails.

The effects of the Gift are permanent, unless one
of the participants breaks faith. Servants of Falcon and
Helios immediately set upon the character that does
so, burning and tearing at her for five health levels of
aggravated damage. If the character survives, she is
marked as an oath breaker, as per the Stone of Scorn
tite (Werewolf, p. 162). Repeated arguments or petty
fights between the participants will erode the Gift's
effects over time, at the Storyteller's discretion. The
only way to strengthen an eroded Pact is to perform the
whole process again.

Any servant of the Defiler Wyrm who tries to
corrupt or turn those under the Honor Pact is at +3
difficulty to any roll related to the action.

MET: Intermediate Gift. To enact this potent Gift,
the Garou and the others she wishes to form a bond
with must all agree to this Gift's use (even if they see
little chance of changing their minds), and spend
three Gnosis Traits together while performing a suit-
able bonding ritual of some kind, which must take at
least five minutes to perform. Once these conditions
are met, the participants are considered two Traits up
on all friendly Social tests with each other and in
general should roleplay their reduced antagonism and
increased willingness to devise amenable solutions to

their common problems. While they need not imme-
diately all group hug, this Gift goes a long way toward
helping even the most intractable foes see the wisdom
of working out their differences together. Should a
character outright break this pact, they immediately
suffer five levels of aggravated damage and are marked
as an oath breaker; however, petty fights and other
repeated minor slights will eventually wear down the
bond without causing such a radical punishment.
Bonds that have been eroded (Storyteller's discretion)
may only be re-invigorated with a new use of this Gift.
Servants of the Wyrm who attempt to corrupt or turn
those under the influence of this Gift against their
bonded companions suffer a three Trait penalty to all
related actions.

Noon Longe

While the Sun Lodge Gifts demand thata werewolf
bring rationality and self-control into his life, the Gifts
of the Moon Lodge demand that he acknowledge his
nature asa child of Luna. As Luna waxes and wanes, so
too does her personality and the power of her Gifts. A
werewolf of the Moon Lodge must learn his place in
the cycle, know when he is strongest and most in
Luna's favor, according to his auspice, and when he
must let others shine as Luna turns to favor them.

Moon Lodge Gifts always come in waxing or
waning cycles of five Gifts, each one tied toa particular
auspice. Waxing cycles run from Ragabash at Level
One through Theurge at Level Two, Philodox at Level
Three, Galliard at Level Four and Ahroun at Level
Five. Waning cycles run in reverse. With each new
Gift in the cycle, the Garou learns more about the
different faces of Luna. The werewolf learning the
cycle will gain particular benefit from the Gift that
matches their auspice. A Silver Fang of the Moon
Lodge must learn one complete cycle before starting
another. Thus, only the mightiest of Garou know more
than one cycle of Moon Lodge Gifts.

Waxing Cycle — The External Moon

© New Moon's Laughter (Level One) — This
Gift allows a werewolf to make others around her more
receptive to criticism and less obsessed with their own
pride, thus showing them the wisdom of the New
Moon. To learn this Gift, the werewolf must trick a
Lune into revealing the Gift.

System: The player must spend a point of Gnosis
and roll Gnosis (difficulty 6). For one hour per success
scored, the gathering that the character attended takes
on a lighter mood. All Social rolls with a positive
intent are at -1 difficulty, while all Social rolls in-
tended to provoke argument, insult or misery are at +1
difficulty. If the character using the Gift isa Ragabash,
the bonus and penalty are doubled.

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 73
EE ES (ED
$n 8 Se aaa EAN


MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait and
making some comment or joke about learning to accept
criticism or embrace humility, the Garou may make it
less likely others will take offense at the words of others.
For the duration of one scene, all positive Social testsare
one Trait up, while all negative or hurtful Social tests are
one Trait down; if the Garou using this Gift is a
Ragabash, these modifiers are doubled.

© Crescent Moon's Awareness (Level Two) —
This Gift allows the character to make others around her
more aware of the spirits of the place. Garou catch
glimpses and hear incomprehensible whispers of the
spirits in the Penumbra, while Kinfolk and other humans
feel an unsettling awareness ofan alien world thatthey are
normally oblivious to and have no means of understand-
ing. This teaches them the power of the Crescent Moon.
To learn this Gift, the Fang must track down any one of
Falcon's brood and perform one, simple service for him.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7). If the roll succeeds, all crea-
tures in her immediate area (20 yards or so) become
aware of the Penumbraat the edge of their senses. Garou
may then step sideways or communicate with spirits at
-1 difficulty. Humans, Kinfolk and animals find the
effect profoundly disconcerting and lose one die from all
their rolls while the Gift is in effect. Crescent Moon.
Awareness lasts for one turn per success rolled. The
effects are doubled when a Theurge uses this Gift.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Gnosis Trait and
engaging all those in the area in a test of her Gnosis
rating against their Willpower, the Garou may cause
those affected to become more intimately aware of the
spirit world, for better or worse. Garou and other chang-
ers find this connection invigorating, and are consid-
ered one Trait up on all attempts to step sideways or
communicate with spirits. Kinfolk, animals, ordinary
humans and most other supernatural beings find this
perception highly disturbing instead, and are consid-
ered on Trait down on all tests. This Gift lasts for a
number of turns or minutes equal to the Garou's perma-
nent Gnosis rating, though if the Garou using the Gift
isa Theurge, both duration and effect are doubled.

° Half Moon's Diplomacy (Level Three) —
Sometimes the first step to resolving a dispute is to
prevent yourself saying anything to make the situation
worse. This Gift allows a werewolf to try to calm an
explosive moment by preventing everyone present
from saying anything inflammatory, thus bringing
them all the Half Moon's wisdom. To learn this Gift,
the werewolf must follow a harrier-spirit for an hour,
matching her flight path from the ground, until she
tires and consents to share this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 7). If the roll
succeeds, anyone involved in the debate must concen-
trate for a turn by staying silent and then roll Will-
power (difficulty 8) to say anything that they know is
likely to make things worse. The effect lasts for one
minute per success rolled. If a Philodox uses this Gift,
then the initial roll is at difficulty 6 and the partici-
pants in the debate must make a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 9) to inflame the argument.

MET: Intermediate Gift. To use this Gift, the Garou
must spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental test
against a difficulty of seven (retest Law). If successful,
anyone involved in the current debate or discussion
must first be silent for five seconds and then make a
Willpower test against a difficulty of five Traits in order
tosay anything they knowis likely to make things worse.
The Narrator has final say on what constitutes some-
thing likely to make things worse, although as a rule of
thumb if the player — not the character — knows that
their comment will likely erode the current situation
without any real gain, then this Gift applies. (Players
who repeatedly "overlook" the obviously inflammatory
nature of their comments should be punished accord-
ingly; it's one thing to make an honest mistake, but quite
another to repeatedly circumvent this Gift by feigning
ignorance or claiming "my character is a jerk.") If a
Philodox uses this Gift, the difficulty of the initial
Mental test is lowered by two, while the difficulty of the
Willpower test is increased by two, and the Garou may
spend a Mental Trait to force someone to retest a
successful Willpower test to say something hurtful. Only
one retest may be forced this way per statement. This
Gift lasts for the length of one debate.

© Gibbous Moon's Understanding (Level Four)
— The greatest of the Silver Fangs' Galliards have
sometimes also been some of the tribe's most successful
battlefield leaders. This Gift can take some of the
credit for this. It allows the werewolf to howl out
general or specific instructions to her allies, and have
them heard and understood even over the noise of
battle, thus showing everyone the Gibbous Moon's
wisdom. To learn this Gift, the werewolf must per-
suade three different Lunes to spend a whole night in
the character's company. Just before dawn, one of
them will teach the Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Rage and rolls
Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 7). The number of
successes is the number of howls the werewolf can make
during this scene that will be understood as an order by
any ally fighting in the same battle as the character. A
Galliard character makes the roll at difficulty 5.

74 Silver Fangs
7 ATRL ADAMS I TBD, DEG RTE LED SER" EE aa

|


MET: Intermediate Gift. Use of this Gift requires the
expenditure of a Rage Trait and a Social Trait, and lasts
for the duration of one battle or one hour, whichever
comes first. During this time, the Garou may howl out
specific instructions to her allies and be heard clearly,
even by deafened comrades or over the din of a terrible
battle. Use of this Gift does not require an action, though
considerate players should carry cell phones, walkie-
talkies or some other means of communicating to avoid
running Narrators ragged if they are communicating over
particularly long distances. Note that this Gift does not
allow the Garou to be heard at a longer range than she
could normally howl, merely ignore any noise or other
obstructions within that range, and does not allow two-
way communication, only the relaying of instructions
from the Garou to her fellows. Should a Galliard use this
Gift, the Rage Trait cost is waived.

¢ Full Moon's Wrath (Level Five) —Sometimes
Luna's wrath waxes so great that her enemies fall
before her chosen like corn before a scythe. This Gift
allows a hard-pressed werewolf to summon war-spirits
to her aid, striking at her enemies and giving her
respite. Their power teaches the werewolf and her
allies, not to mention her enemies, the wisdom and
strength of the Full Moon. The werewolf must find and
defeat nine of Falcon's brood of Jagglings in succession
on a night of the full moon to learn this Gift. At the

a

end of the night, an Avatar of Luna appears and binds
the defeated spirits to the Fang's service ever more.
However, she demands that the Garou be at her
disposal on nights of the full moon in exchange.
System: To activate the Gift the player spends a
point of Rage and Gnosis and then rolls Gnosis (diffi-
culty 7, 5 for Ahroun). One of the defeated bird-spirits
appearsand attacks the enemies of the werewolf for each
success rolled. The spirits remain part of the fray until
they are defeated, the werewolf dies or the battle ends,
at which point they depart into the Umbra once more.
MET: Advanced Gift. With the expenditure of a
Rage Trait and a Gnosis Trait, the Garou may make a
number of Simple Tests equal to her Gnosis rating
(Leadership retest); for each successful test, a Jaggling
spirit of Falcon appears and attacks one of the character's
enemies until it is defeated, the werewolf dies or the
battle ends. Should an Ahroun use this Gift, a Jaggling
is summoned on a win or a tie of any of the Simple
Tests. Needless to say, the Spirit Keeper should be
alerted to this Gift's use, and it is a good idea to have
cards with the statistics of these spirits ready for when
this Gift is used. Note that the Garou must be in dire
need for this Gift to work, which usually translates to
fighting against overwhelming odds, obviously supe-
rior opponents and/or when sorely wounded; attempt-
ing to use this Gift for lesser circumstances will fail


cesar OT aR UR ERA usin area AR Mee PEAS amar

automatically, and may even incur a Renown penalty
for the arrogant Garou. The Narrator has final say on
when this Gift's use is warranted.

Waning Cycle — The Internal Moon

Full Moon Cleansing (Level One) — This Gift
allows a Garou to turn her own Rage against her
Harano, thereby defeating it like any other enemy.
The werewolf learns this Gift in ritual combat with a
blood-warrior spirit, who must be defeated and burnt
in an Umbral fire. The Garou then marks himself with
the glyph for her own auspice and the Ahroun glyph.
Thus, she learns how the anger of the Full Moon may
be made part of herself.

System: The player must spend one point of
Rage and make a Rage roll (difficulty 7, difficulty 6 for
Ahroun) to activate the-Gifty The character,may.
then ignore the effects of Harano for one scene per
success rolled.

MET: Basic Gift. By spending a Rage Trait and
making a Rage test against a difficulty equal to the
number of scenes spent in her most recent bout of
Harano (maximum eleven), the Garou may ignore
Harano for a number of scenes or hours, whichever is
longer, equal to her permanent Rage rating. If the
Garou employing this Gift is an Ahroun, she wins all
ties on this test, regardless of whether or not her Rage
rating exceeds the difficulty number assigned.

© Gibbous Moon Song (Level Two) — The Gift
allowsa Garou to learn the benefits of a smooth tongue
and social awareness. It makes the werewolf talkative,
interesting and likable, the very life and soul of any
gathering. The moon's own light seems to make her
more interesting and attractive than she normally
seems. A Great Green Cheese spirit, a lively and
somewhat aromatic member of Luna's brood, best
known to the Bone Gnawers, teaches this Gift. Arro-
gant Silver Fangs who will not deign to deal with such
a spirit will struggle to progress on this cycle. The
werewolf and the spirit engage in a battle of wits, to see
who can come up with the cleverest word play. If the
Garou wins, the spirit happily teaches the Gift. Thus,
she makes the persuasiveness of the Gibbous Moon
part of herself.

System: The player rolls Wits + Enigmas (diffi-
culty 8) to best the spirit. This roll may only be
attempted once per month and only during a gibbous
moon. Once the character knows the Gift, the player
activates it by spending a point of Gnosis. All Social
rolls gain an extra die for the remainder of the scene
(three dice for Galliards).

MET: Basic Gift. To learn this Gift, the Garou must

a A A A

should be roleplayed out as much as possible, either the
player or the Narrator may choose to make it a straight-
forward Mental test (retest Enigmas) between the two
parties to determine the outcome. Furthermore,aGarou
may only attempt to learn this Gift once per lunar cycle,
and only during the gibbous phase of the moon. Once it
has been learned, activation requires only the expendi-
ture ofa Gnosis Trait, and lasts until the end of the scene
— during that time, the Garou gains the Social Traits
Friendly and Eloquent, and receives a free retest on all
positive Social tests.

¢ Half Moon Mnemonics (Level Three) — This
Gift allows a Garou to remember a moment with
perfect clarity, fixing it forever within their mind.
They may recall that moment at any time, and exam-
ine the memory fromany angle they wish. The memory
does not dim with age, and the recall is always perfect
and total. A sea spirit teaches this'Gifty The werewolf
must seek an Umbral sea and mediate on the sound of
its waves, until she can hear the sea spirit calling to her.
She must then focus on those instructions while at the
same time keeping total awareness of the moment to
learn this Gift. Thus, she makes the wisdom and
reflection of the Half Moon part of herself.

System: The player must spend one point of Gnosis
to store a memory and then rolls Wits & Alertness
(difficulty 6) to fix it in the characters mind. The roll is
at difficulty 5 for a Philodox. The character can store
one memory for every point of permanent Gnosis she
has. To recall the memory, the player must make an
Intelligence + Occult roll (difficult 7, 6 if the character
isaPhilodox, 5 if the character isa Philodox and staring
into water). A botch means the memory vanishes,
leaving a permanent hole in the character's memory.
The character may dump memories at any time, leaving
her only a normal, fallible recollection of the event.

MET: Intermediate Gift. Once learned, a Garou
may spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental test (retest
Alertess) to fix a memory in her mind, a process which
takes one full turn to perform during stressful circum-
stances. The difficulty of this test is normally seven
Traits, though for a Philodox using this Gift it is only
four. Once stored, the memory remains perfect, and can
be viewed and replayed from any angle the Garou
desires with only a moment's concentration. A Garou
may store as many memories as her permanent Gnosis
rating in this fashion, however she may also choose to
"dump" unwanted memories at any time, returning
them tonormal, fallible recollection. Due to the intense
detail that is recalled, it is advisable to either bring
suitable recording equipment as an out-of-game repre-

locate a suitable spirit teacher and best them ina battle 5 ee raee Sopa a aaenat at de
of wits and wordplay — while ideally this exchange 2 as Se eeup op hayes)
76 Silver Fangs

VL LPP LIC! ES , EP REET WR AE EEE EL VS Ts ARATE AEE GUE BRR Sap,

|


.

Narrator on hand to help take down what will be
remembered so there is no doubt later on as to what
occurred. The maximum length ofa memory thatcan be
stored is up to the Narrator's discretion; while a roman-
tic interlude might be possible, for example, an ex-
tended siege would not be, and Narrators should feel free
to allow only memories of relatively short duration (say
a minute or so) in order to avoid confusion later on.

¢ Crescent Moon Fata (Level Four) — This Gift
allows a Garou to perceive the very threads of fate and
destiny that direct the world. By studying a person or
object, she can learn a little about its past, or its possible
future. To learn this Gift, the werewolf must find a spider
or firefly Jaggling of Moira, one of Luna's Incarna, and
challenge it to a contest of gamecraft. Should the Garou
win, the Jaggling opens her eye to'the play of fate upon
the world. Thus, she makes the spiritual awareness of the
Crescent Moon part of herself.

System: To win the gamecraft contest, the player
rolls Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 9, 7 if the character is
a Theurge). Should the roll be botched, the Jaggling
takes umbrage at the character's clumsy mind and
takes three temporary Gnosis from the character as
payment for its wasted time.

To activate the Gift, the player makes a Percep-
tion + Empathy roll (difficulty 5, 4 if the character is
a Theurge). The character sees one thread of fate per
success. The player may choose to spend multiple
threads on one target, or to spread them amongst
several. Each thread allows a single glimpse into the
future or past. Multiple threads allocated in the same
direction on the same target will allow the character to
see further into the past or future. The Storyteller
determines exactly what she sees, but should be both.
inventive and somewhat cryptic in the description.
The workings of fate are strange and not easily under-
stood by even the most aware of Theurges. However,
it is much easier to see the past than the future. As a
rule of thumb, each success will add hours into the past
or minutes into the future.

MET: Intermediate Gift. To learn this Gift, the
Garou must defeat a suitable spirit in a contest of
gamecraft — once again, this should be roleplayed out
as much as possible, though if need be it can made into
a Mental test (retest Enigmas) to determine the win-
ner. Theurges win all ties on this test, regardless of who
has more Traits. Should the Garou fail, they immedi-
ately lose three Gnosis Traits and must wait a month
to attempt to learn this Gift again. Once learned, the
Garou may attempt to glimpse the future or the past by
spending at least ten minutes in uninterrupted medi-
tation — usually a good time to send for a Storyteller
—and then making a number of Mental tests (retest

eS

Empathy) equal to the character's permanent levels of
the Empathy Ability, against a difficulty of nine Traits
(seven for a Theurge). For each successful test, the
Garou may view one "thread" or brief glimpse into the
past or future of a particular subject — in the case of
multiple successes she may choose to spread these
threads around to learn about several different sub-
jects, or she may choose to focus on one individual, as
she desires. Each thread grants one minute of viewing
into the future or one hour in the past. The Storyteller
should feel free to be as cryptic and creative as he likes
in presenting these visions, though asa rule the past is
much more straightforward than the future.

© New Moon Legerdemain (Level Five) — This
Gift allows the werewolf to summon and command a
group ofsmall tricksterspirits. This last step in the Cycle
britigs the werewolf to an understanding of Luna's need
for the tricksters and the madness that she welcomes.
The spirits, once summoned, dance around the Garou
in the Penumbra, protecting her from harm but disturb-
ing and unsettling all those around her. They play tricks
oneveryone in the vicinity; harmless and amusing ones
on the werewolf allies and destructive ones on her
enemies. An avatar of Luna herself teaches this Gift,
which puts the Garou in her debt — and service —
forever. To learn the Gift, the Garou must undertake a
great quest in Luna's name, one that may take several
game sessions to play out. Once the werewolf succeeds,
Luna gifts her loyal subject an understanding of the true
nature of madness. Thus, the werewolf makes the New
Moon's twisted wisdom part of herself.

System: The Gift costs a point of permanent
Gnosis to learn. Once the spirits are summoned,
strangelings, chimera and Wyldlings usually, they never
leave their werewolf. At times, they may rest quietly,
semi dormant in the Penumbra near the Garou, al-
though they may occasionally play tricks on her or
those around her. They are always dormant during the
day. They awaken into full life during the New Moon
or at the call of the Garou. To awaken the spirits, the
player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 6, 5 if the character is a
Ragabash) and spends a point of Gnosis. The pack of
spirits becomes active for one night per success. If the
werewolf wishes them to go back to sleep, the player
must roll Gnosis as above, spending another point of
Gnosis and get at least two succes

Once they are active, the spirits play games and
vicious tricks on all the werewolfs enemies within a
25-foot radius, pinching, tripping and interfering with
them inall manner of ways. This creates a +2 difficulty
to all the enemies' rolls and removes two dice from
their dice pools to boot. The spirits may steal an object
from an enemy in the Umbra once per day. It will only

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 77

SR eae N


Sere renee seen corn aren ve amar a remem renew

be a minor item of little worth or power, as defined by
the Storyteller. The spirits might show their werewolf
their prize, or they may not, depending on their whims.
If no enemies are at hand, the spirits may turn their
attentions to whomever is at hand (save the Gift's
master) — even allies are not quite safe, although the
spirits harass them somewhat more infrequently. It is
the wise Garou who sings the spirits back to slumber
when the battle is done.

A powerful spirit, of Jaggling level or higher, may
disperse the spirits forascene by spending a point of Gnosis.

MET: Advanced Gift. After completing a suitably
arduous quest in Luna's name and sacrificing a permanent
Gnosis Trait, the Garou has a number of minor Wyld
spirits permanently bound to her — even if destroyed,
they will eventually reform at the character's side again.
Thesespiritsarenormally dormant, although they awaken
during the New Moon or when the Garou calls; calling
requires the expenditure of a Gnosis Trait and a Gnosis
test against five Traits. Ragabash receive a free retest on
all attempts to awaken these spirits. Once active, the
spirits remain awake for a number of scenes equal to the
Garou's permanent Gnosis rating, constantly harassing
the Garou's enemies or playing tricks on her allies. This
manifests as a one-Trait penalty on all actions taken by
the Garou's enemies in the immediate area, and a two-
Trait penalty on all actions taken against the Garou
directly. The Spirit Keeper should be summoned to
monitor the use of this Gift, keep track of the Garou's
enemies and otherwise adjudicate the actions of these
capricious spirits as necessary. If no enemies are present,
the spirits will instead play harmless pranks on the
Garou's allies, which though irritating will never cause
lasting harm or loss of property. The Garou may attempt
to sing these spirits back to sleep at any time; this requires
a Gnosis Trait, a turn spent singing a soft lullaby and a
sis test of the same sort as it takes to awaken the
5 . Once again, Ragabash receive a free retest on this
challenge. In addition, spirits of Jaggling level or higher
may disperse these spirits fora scene by spending a Gnosis
Trait and creating a suitably intimidating display.

Yat
es of Accord,
Ripe of the Plovorabfe Cnfe

Level One

The Silver Fangs take their oaths of service very
seriously indeed. When anyone wishes to swear service
toa Silver Fang Lord who follows the old traditions of
the tribe, the Lord may ask them to undergo this rite,
but will never press the point. Many Silver Fangs
voluntarily undergo it if offering service to another

werewolf, but are offended if others demand it of them.
To swear the oath, the character swears to undertake
asingle task, which is outlined by the recipient of the
oath and repeated by the character undergoing it. The
character offering service then gives a small object of
value to himself to the recipient of the oath.

Should the oath taker stay true to their word, he
will receive Renown whether or not the mission is
successful. The recipient of the oath should return the
gifted item at the conclusion of the service.

System: The player of the oath giver spends one
Gnosis to activate the rite. If the character keeps her
word and attempts the mission to the best of her
abilities, she gains four points of Honor, irrespective of
the quest's outcome — if she does not do so, she loses
four points of Honor. The recipient of the oath is under
no compulsion to return the object gifted to them, but
may lose two points of Honor if she does not do so.

Rete of the Loyal Pack

Level Three

The Silver Fangs do, despite claims to the con-
trary, understand that leadership is a two-way street. A
leader needs respect from those that follow him if he
(and they) wish to succeed. Usually, only packs that
have been working together for some time and who
trust each other enough to further cement those bonds
perform this rite.

The rite makes the whole pack's focus and com-
mitment dependent on the pack alpha. In effect, they
submit completely to him, in the hope of gaining an
advantage from it if he is committed to working for the
benefit of all. Each member of the pack must take a
small item of personal significance and a length of his
or her own hair and give it to the ritemaster. She then
binds together all the objects using the hairs and buries
the bundle within the pack's home caern.

System: The player of the werewolf enacting the
Rite rolls Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 9 - the pack
alpha's Leadership). If the roll succeeds, the entire
pack gains two extra points of Willpower per chapter
as long as the pack alpha is acting in the best interests
of the whole pack. However, if the alpha has not been
doing so, the entire pack loses two points of Willpower
for the chapter. The gain or loss is entirely at the
Storyteller's discretion. Should the pack alpha change,
the rite's effects immediately end.

Level Four

This rite, as described in Chapter Two (p. 51), is
used to crown the true kings of the tribe. The rite is
rarely used for obvious reasons, but the shamans of the
Silver Fangs traditionally teach it to multiple

78 Silver Fangs

Df {PAIS LE, CLS BALI 5D TOE ER, 2: SLED LE LIDS LS DDI

|


promising students, so that it will never be lost through
a shaman's untimely death. To be taught the Rite of
Kingship isa distinct honor, and many Theurges vie to
be recognized as worthy of the rite.

System: Standard roll. Success indicates that the
recipient has been properly marked as a Silver Fang
king, and that all spirits that owe allegiance to Gaia,
Luna or Helios will automatically recognize him as
such (as may some Banes). As noted, certain omens
may overturn this result, depending on circumstances.
Myshe Peas

Level One

The rite is one of the secrets behind the Silver
Fang's unusually high levels of Pure Breed. When a
Fang feels that it is time for her to start a family, she
enacts this rite and asks her house's totem to guide her
to her best-matched mate. The werewolf meditates on
her ancestry, using pictures, stories, photos or keep-
sakes and then calls to the totem for guidance. If the
rite is successful, the totem grants hera vision of herself
carried aloft in the talons of the totem to the home of
the best prospect for a strong, worthy child. The rite
does not guarantee that the prospective mate will
welcome the werewolf's advances; just that he isa good
genetic and spiritual match.

System: Standard roll. This rite normally takes
place within the boundaries of the home caern, and
shows the Kinfolk most likely to prove a good mate
within a few days' travel. The more successes achieved
the more details the vision gives about the prospective
mate and his location. This ritual does not help with
seducing or winning the heart of the Kinfolk in any way.

Wibing WH tho Deaf

Level Three

Only the members of the secretive Ivory Priest-
hood learn this rite. To perform the rite, the priest
must first spend a day ritually purifying herself of all
sins, according to the Priesthood's creed, and any
negative thoughts. She must also spend a few hours
mediating on the idea of her own death and her
attitude towards it. A priest who is not reconciled to
her own mortality can find the Dark Umbra a disturb-
ing and unsettling place, especially in recent years
when a terrible spirit storm has rendered it even more
dangerous than usual.

Once the purification is complete, the Garou faces
a Death's Breath spirit in the early twilight of that
evening. She must let it breathe into her mouth, which
sends a chill like a rod of solid ice through her body.

Chapter Three: Good Breeding

She may then step sideways into the Dark Umbra. She
may remain there until dawn the following morning.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Willpower (difficulty 7). If the roll fails, the rite
endsand thecharacterisplunged intoa terrible He
like depression that costs her two dice from every
pool for the next 24 hours. If it succeeds, the character
may make a normal stepping sideways roll to enter the
Dark Umbra, as described above. Once in the Dark
Umbra, the priest appears as a dark patch in the normal
Penumbra. If she fails to return to the material world by
dawn the next morning, she is trapped in the Dark
Umbra unless another Ivory Priest or a kindly Silent
Strider helps her back across into the material world.

MET: Much the same any other rite, save that
failure puts the Garou at a one-Trait penalty on all
tests for the rest of the session. Success means the
Garou has entered the Dark Umbra — the
"Shadowlands" of Oblivion — and must exit by dawn
or be trapped there until another Garou frees her.

Pwkttrocnt Fifer
Be of He Omega Woff

Level Three

The tribe takes the failure of a pack alpha very
seriously indeed. If all the members of a pack agree
that their alpha has failed them catastrophically,
then they may enact this rite to prevent him ever
becoming a pack alpha again. The pack takes their
fallen alpha and sits him on a rock. They then crown
him with a mock crown and bow down in pretend
obeisance to him. They then stand up and commence
mocking him one by one, before tearing the crown
from his head and casting him to the ground. When
each member of the pack has spat or urinated on the
fallen alpha, the rite is done.

System: Standard Roll. The fallen alpha loses four
points of Honor Renown and two points of Wisdom
Renown. Ifhe ever becomesa pack alpha again, he will
lose two points of Gnosis every time the moon rises and
will be unable to regain Gnosis until he relinquishes
the position.

Wd

The Silver Fangs are extremely loyal to their
totem, Falcon: so much so, in fact, that the majority of
their pack totems tend to be from amongst his brood.
Perhaps this is recognition that the totem has served
them well over the centuries or an example of the
tribe's ideal of loyalty. With the Apocalypse close at
hand, this tradition is unlikely to change.

ano-

dice

|

Toperat of Rapect
Narn

Background Cost: 4

Although Merlin is far from the largest or most
dangerous of birds, Merlin appears in many different
ways amongst Falcon's brood. To the Fianna he is a
Totem of Wisdom (see Tribebook: Fianna, p. 83) but
the Silver Fangs know him in his guise as a Totem of
Respect and as the Totem of House Blood Red Crest.
Merlin, because he is one of the smallest of hawks, also
tends to be swift, fierce and cunning. He isa champion.
of the underdog, teaching that size is far from the most
important factor and that courage and intelligence are
just as important, if not more so. He cautions that his
children should use cunning before pure aggression
and strike swiftly and with wisdom.

Traits: Packs devoted to Merlin gain three dice for
their Brawl dice pools and two dice for their Dodge
dice pools when confronting enemies physically larger
than themselves. He also grants them three extra
Willpower points per story, bolstering their courage in
the fight with the Wyrm.

Ban: Followers of Merlin must not kill birds of
prey of any kind, and must also spare their spirits. They
may ignore this ban for raptors that the Wyrm has
corrupted if, and only if, there is no hope of capturing
and purifying it.

MET: Followers of Merlin are considered three
Traits up on all Brawl tests and two Traits up on all
Dodge tests when fighting enemies physically larger
than themselves. They also gain three extra Willpower
Traits per story.

Qpry

Background Cost: 5

Osprey is a skilled and wise hunter, able to pluck
her prey from the river itself. Her respect amongst
water elementals and fish spirits is high. Followers of
Salmon (Players Guide to the Garou, p. 140) in
particular hold Osprey's children as allies. Osprey
chose House Austere Howl as her own, and for centu-
ries she profited from her relationship as the house
grew in strength and honor. However, its recent rever-
sal in fortunes has dismayed her. Many of the under-
ground Austere Howl packs, including Queen Mary's
own pack, still honor Osprey and she tries to guide
them as they seek to clear the house's name.

Traits: Followers of Osprey gain two dice to any
roll taken while on or under asignificant body of water.
They also gain an extra dot of Perception and two dots
of Athletics.

Ban: Osprey charges her followers with protecting
the rivers and the seas. They must not allow or commit
any action that ca a body of water to be fouled,
even as slight as urination in a river.

MET: Followers of Osprey receive a free retest on
all challenges made while in or under water, provided
it is a fairly substantial body of water (no pools or hot
tubs). They also gain the Discerning Mental Trait and
a free level of Athletics.

Toperut of War
Buzzard

Background Cost: 4

Buzzard is the most beloved of Falcon's brood and
has been the Totem of House Crescent Moon for its
entire history. Slow moving, yet graceful, Buzzard is a
powerful bird that few can stop when he grows angry.
He values control and precision in his followers and
encourages them to learn skillful combat. The success
of House Crescent Moon in bringing down the Shadow
Curtain has boosted Buzzard's reputation and many
young packs are now seeking Buzzard's patronage.

Traits: Packs chosen by Buzzard gain two dice to
all Melee rolls and an additional point of Dexterity.

Ban: Buzzard detests the sight of Gaia's warriors
fighting amongst themselves when there are so many
other enemies to be fighting. He asks that his children
never initiate a fight with another werewolf. This ban
excludes Black Spiral Dancers.

MET: Followers of Buzzard are up two Traits on all
Melee tests and receive a free Graceful Physical Trait.
Sula

Background Cost: 7

Eagle isan awesome sight: powerful yet loyal, regal
yet vicious. Eagle has chosen the youngest of the Silver
Fangs houses, House Wyrmfoe, as his own. He and
Falcon watch over this dynamic house and its unpre-
dictable king carefully. Eagle was not highly regarded
until recently, but the recent success of his children are
rapidly making him amongst the most well known, if
not trusted, of Falcon's brood.

Traits: Eagle gives each of his children two extra
dice in their Brawl rolls and an extra dot of Strength.
The children of Eagle are fearsome foes in hand-to-
claw combat.

Ban: Eagle asks two things of his children. He asks
that fallen foes are decapitated and their heads are
displayed in his name, and that his followers stay
absolutely faithful to their mates.

MET: Followers of Eagle are considered two Traits
up on all Brawl tests, and receive an extra Ferocious
Physical Trait.

80 Silver Fangs

0 fl PLIES LPS PALIT OE TET ED, I EEE EE DS NES


Myvern

Background Cost: 4

Despite his winged, serpentine form, Wyvern isno
friend of the Wyrm. Instead, he is one of the Wyrm's
most implacable foes. He often appears as a herald of
war, bringing news of a major confrontation with the
forces of the Wyrm. He drives all Garou, and those
who follow him in particular to give everything toward
the defeat of corruption and often counsels the use of
trickery and ambush in combat. Wyvern's anger and
viciousness make him an attractive totem for young,
angry Fangs, looking to win Renown in battle with the
forces of the Wyrm.

Traits: Followers of Wyvern gain +2 Alertness,
+2 Primal-Urge and the Gifts: Sight from Beyond and
Call of the Wyld to share between the pack.

Ban: The sight of defiled caerns distresses Wyvern
greatly. His followers must protect any caern if asked
for assistance, even if one of the Fera holds it. Wyvern's
children must not participate in the "rescuing" of a
caern from other shapeshifters and must stop such a
theft occurring, should they learn of it.

MET: Followers of Wyvern gain a free level of
Alertness and Primal-Urge, as well as the Gifts: Sight from.
Beyond and Call of the Wyld, to distribute among the pack.

Topers of Wétdor

Vharvler

Background Cost: 4

Compared to many of Falcon's brood, Harrier is
small, plain and unremarkable. However, her wisdom is
unsurpassed and she always seeks to encourage coopera-
tion in those who follow her. Her chosen house, Un-
breakable Hearth, has learnt this lesson well.

Traits: Harrier gives her children two dots of
Empathy and allows them -2 difficulty on all Social
rolls to do with negotiation, truces and alliances. She
also gives her children speed, to arrive on time where
they are needed. Harrier's children may double stan-
dard movement rates in all forms.

Ban: Harrier cautions her children to listen before
they speak, and insists that they listen to all debates for
five minutes before starting to speak themselves.

MET: Followers of Harrier receive a free level of
Empathy and are two Traits up on all Social tests
regarding negotiation, truces and alliances. They also
double their movement rates; this allows them to take
two additional steps in combat.

Fieron
Background Cost: 5

Heron is graceful and wise and appears to be a
tranquil spirit to all but her children. They, however,

Seer san 20 es reser en PEN SERA er me

Chapter Three: Good Breeding

know the truth: that Heron cannot resist poking her
long beak into affairs that others would prefer re-
mained secret. She is fussy about her children for that
reason: she demands elegance, wisdom, discretion and
most of all, inquisitiveness from her children. Packs
that follow Heron tend to be impeccably groomed,
well dressed, irreproachably polite and incurably nosey.
A sept that counts followers of Heron amongst its
members can expect their sudden return full of excite-
ment and fear of their latest discovery of plots, plans
and scheme of the Wyrm's minions and demands for
immediate assistance in dealing with them.

Traits: Followers of Heron gain one point of
Wisdom. They also gain +3 Enigmas and may add
three dice to any dice pool that involves cleansing or
purifying someone in Gaia's name. She also grants her
followers the Gift: Open Seal, the better for them to
find the secrets she loves.

Ban: Heron suggests, ever so politely, that her
followers seek out and expose a new secret at least once
a month. They must reveal the secrets to the whole
Sept in Heron's name. The secrets must, of course, be
far more than mere gossip. The information discovered
must, in some way, palpably help in the fight against
the Wyrm.

MET: Followers of Heron gain one Trait of Wis-
dom Renown, and receive a free retest on all Enigmas
tests. They are also considered three Traits up on all
actions that involve cleansing or purifying another in
Gaia's name. Lastly, she grants her followers the Open
Seal Gift, to search out the secrets she loves.

Peregrine Falcon

Background Cost: 5

Peregrine Falcon was once among the most com-
mon of Falcon's brood. Silver Fang packs all over the
world served her and House Wise Heart was proud to
have heras its totem. However, she no longer flies high
over the world as she once did. Her earthly counter-
parts are dying, poisoned by a build up of pesticides in
the food chain, and her House is in sharp decline. A.
sighting of Peregrine Falcon or news of a pack being
chosen by her are both causes for celebration.

Traits: Peregrine Falcon allows her children to
learn more easily. They may increase their Knowledges
with experience points at a cost that is one level lower
than normal. Thus a new Knowledge costs 2 experi-
ence points to learn, and each new level costs previous
level x 2 to learn. She also grants her children an extra
die on all Enigmas and Occult rolls. Packs whom
Peregrine Falcon chooses gain two Wisdom Renown.

Ban: Peregrine Falcon demands that her children
never use pesticides or weed killers of any form, and
that they destroy utterly any source of such materials

|


Nerina rossi: Govan Savane avr saa Sa nee aati)

they find. The children of Peregrine Falcon often
avoid gardening centers and hardware stores because
of this.

MET: Followers of Peregrine Falcon receive three
extra Experience Traits per story (not session), which
can only be spent on Abilities related to knowledge
and book learning. In addition, they are considered
one Trait up on all Enigmas and Occult challenges.
Packs chosen by Peregrine Falcon gain two Traits of
Wisdom Renown.

Flav

Background Cost: 4

Hawk is the most cunning of Falcon's brood. He is
small, fast moving and clever and likes to trick his prey
into exposing their backs so that he can use his talons
torake and his beak to hold his prey fast. He teaches his
children to confuse and distract their foes, so that they
may easily defeat them. Hawk is the Totem of House
Gleaming Eye, which takes its name from the glint in
his eye as he fools another enemy.

Traits: Hawk gives his children two dots of Sub-
terfuge and an extra dot of Manipulation.

Ban: Hawk asks that his children tell one lie about
themselves for every two truths they tell, all the better
to keep those around them confused.

MET: Followers of Hawk receive a free level of
Subterfuge as well as a free Beguiling Social Trait.

Fifpithar
Latyr Sfone

Level Three, Gnosis 6

These small, unremarkable rocks can make the
difference between life and death for a Silver Fang in
hostile territory. Once a werewolf activates the stone
and places it on the ground or in a body of water, it will
purify the nearby plants and water enough to ensure
that they are safe for the werewolf to eat and drink.
Each stone will purify enough food and water for a
single pack.

A character can create a latyr stone by binding a
water elemental into a stone taken from a river run-
ning through a caern's bawn.

Wied Whithe

Level Three, Gnosis 5

In Russian folklore, the wind is often associated
with evil people who blew whistles and were on occa-
sion suspected of summoning up the wind. Those tales
are simply Delirium-twisted memories of this fetish. A
single, long blow on this whistle will summon a

82

7 (fe ESTES TEL Ls, ED CELA LEE Es ELIE


freezing cold wind, laced with snow. It will cover the
tracks of the werewolf using the whistle, and his pack
if appropriate, while chilling the bones of any pursuers,
costing them one die from every roll while they con-
tinue to pursue the owner of the wind whistle. The
effects of the whistle last for one hour.

The Garou make this fetish by binding a wind
elemental into a whistle carved from the bone of an
animal that died of the cold during the winter months.

MET: Once activated, this fetish obscures the
tracks of the Garou and her pack, putting those in
pursuit three Traits down on all tests to follow their

passing.
Aba Kibee

Level Four, Gnosis 8

This is a variation on the klaive unique to the
Silver Fangs. This weapon acknowledges that some-
times good leadership is a better quality in an alpha
than pure destructive power. Instead of binding a war-
spirit into the blade, the blade forger uses a falcon-
spirit. Instead of doing aggravated damage against all
opponents, the weapon now aids the alpha in making
crucial tactical and battlefield decisions, boosting his
effective Leadership by two dots.

The difficulty to attack with an alpha klaive is 7,
as there is no war-spirit to aid the wielder, but it still
inflicts Strength +2 lethal damage. Werewolves can-
not soak damage from the weapon and still treat the
klaive's wounds as aggravated, because it is made of
silver. The bearer loses one point from his Gnosis
rating while carrying the weapon.

MET: Bearers of an Alpha Klaive receive a free
retest on all Leadership challenges made while carrying
or wielding the klaive. Otherwise, it is considered an
ordinary klaive for purposes of damage, Bonus Traits,
Gnosis loss, etc.

Talent

Fiftont Apron

Gnosis 6

Falcon's keen eyes allow him to see enemies at a
distance. He understands that attacking at range is
sometimes the wisest strategy and he encourages his
children to learn this lesson. Sometimes, to help them,
he allows them to take feathers from living falcons to
craft Falcon's Arrows. These exquisitely wrought arrows
have tips of silver and are fletched with falcon feathers.
They fly as fast and true as Falcon himself swooping on
his prey. All Archery rolls made with these arrows are at
-1 difficulty. Despite their silver tips, any Silver Fang
carrying them suffers no Gnosis penalty.

Sree eraser recy a ens ae

Poppy Leaf Eardage

Gnosis 4

It is a leader's burden to go on fighting, however
terrible his wounds. The poppy leaf bandage will stop
an aggravated wound from worsening, and each ban-
dage applied will also allow the werewolf to ignore one
level of wound penalties. Once he removes the ban-
dage, or a day passes, the wound commences bleeding
once more, the werewolf starts to deteriorate, and the
wound penalties return over the course of an hour.

This talen is made from the leaf of a poppy with an
ice spirit bound within.

Ate Silos

Lahie

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Winds, Disorient,
Materialize, Realm Sense, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: Leshii appear as normal human beings
with something slightly odd about them that marks
them as different: extremely pale eyes, for example, or
a complete lack of a shadow. Some leshii appear with
bark-like skin, or a bright green beard.

History: Even today, Russians living on the edges
of forests fear and respect the leshii. These forest spirits
guard the laws of the forest, and turn it against those
who ignore those laws. They raise great storms, make
paths disappear and confuse and mislead travelers
until they drop dead of hunger or exhaustion. Foresters
appeased the spirit with a gift of an egg dyed red or a
slice of bread sprinkled with salt.

Habitat: Werewolves can find leshii in forests.
Each leshii is territorial and will fight with any other
leshii that intrudes on his area of the forest.

Spiritual Correspondences: Leshii are spirits of
the forest and retribution.

Material Correspondences: Leshii will only re-
spond to summons on paths in the forest. Ifa werewolf
summons a leshii while off a path, he is likely to be
attacked. Leshii have a fondness for bread and salt, as
noted above.

Gift Law: Leshii can teach Gifts pertaining to
wind, storms and plants.

Taboos: Leshii never leave their forests for any
reason. They never consent to be in the presence of
another leshii, even one bound into a fetish or talen.

Attitude: Leshii are loud and unpredictable, but
generally welcoming to respectful Garou. In the middle
of a conversation, he may make bird or animal noises,
shriek with laughter or clap his hands loudly to illustrate
a point, with a noise so loud as startle nearby birds.

83


Chiminage: Before a leshii will treat with the
werewolf, he may demand that she clears his area of
forest of all traces of humanity, including litter and
other marks of man's thoughtless passage.
Domovos

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Essence 17

Charms: Disorient, Materialize, Realm Sense
(house and garden), Shapeshift, Start Fires

Image: The domovoi looks like a short, gnarled
old man, with untidy hair anda gray beard that all but
covers his face apart from a pair of sharp, bright eyes.
He is covered from head to toe in soft fur and some-
times shapeshifts into the form of a cat, dog, rat or frog.

History: Domovoi spirits seem to have arisen out
of the respect a family has for its ancestors. Some say
that they are Kin fetches grown more powerful. He
watches over both the animals and the people of the
farm, warning them of impending danger. Sometimes
people staying in the household would awake to find
themselves pinched black and blue, a warning of
their hostile intent. Ifa family member woke at night
to the touch of a furry hand, they knew some disaster
was on the way.

Habitat: These spirits of the family reside in the
Penumbra around the family home, often in the equiva-
lent of rough location of the stove or oven in the

material world. Should the chosen family move, the
domovoi would follow them.

Spiritual Correspondences: Domovoi are spirits
of the hearth and family.

Material Correspondences: As family spirits,
domovoi can only be summoned near the family home
or other family members. They respond far more readily
to summons from people related to their chosen family.

Gift Law: Domovoi can teach Gifts pertaining to
fortune telling and warmth.

Taboos: Domovoi never willingly leave the gen-
eral vicinity of a household of their chosen family.
They will never inflict harm on a member of that
family.

Attitude: Domovoi are quiet and shy, and gener-
ally only appear when nobody else isaround. They can,
on occasions, be extremely mischievous, especially if
they think no one is playing any attention.

Chiminage: Domovoican be charmed witha bowl
of porridge or some bread. He only consents to help
those who are related to his chosen family.

Nierbts ced Frat

Merits and Flaws are introduced as an optional
component of character creation in the Players Guide
to the Garou. They are, as noted there, entirely

84 Silver Fangs

Gf LOE IOEL At DEERE ELLE TELE TENDS


optional and may be disallowed by the Storyteller.
Any choice of Merit or Flaw should be discussed and
agreed on by the Storyteller to ensure that they don't
conflict with her ideas and plans about the game. Some
bend the rules of the game or limit the character and
the chronicle in unusual ways. However, used well
they can add extra color and detail to the characterand
give great plot hooks for the chronicle.

Notdble Heritage (2 pf Mert)

This merit can represent one of two things. It may
mean that the character is froma family that is particu-
larly renowned amongst the Garou for its deeds down
through the centuries. Notable examples include the
Morningkills, the Delacourts and the Tvarivich Dy-
nasty. This is not the same thing as the Background:
Pure Breed, which represents the relative perfection of
the Garou line as expressed in the individual. This
Merit represents the general fame accorded to the
family for the deeds of Garou and Kinfolk both. The
character is at -1 difficulty to Social rolls with other
Garou and Kinfolk who are aware of werewolf society.
This Merit does carry with it the expectation that the
werewolf live up to the family name. If he fails to do so,
he may find the benefits of the Merit fading with time,
as the stories of his own failings start to outweigh the
high regard the family receives.

Alternatively, the Merit may represent member-
ship ofa family famous in human circles: a royal family,
like the Windsots of the United Kingdom ora political
dynasty, like the Bushes and Kennedy's in the USA.
While the Merit does not convey any property or
financial gain, it may well carry a title in a monarchy.
The character can expect invitations to all the best
parties and is at -1 difficulty to all Social rolls when
dealing with humans aware of his heritage.

MET: Garou with this Merit are one Trait up on
all Social tests with other Garou and any Kinfolk aware
of werewolf society; this benefit is cumulative to any
gained from the Pure Breed Background as well. Char-
acters with a famous human name receive the same
benefit with humans and any Garou who pay special
attention to the movers and shakers of human society,
such as Glass Walkers, Silver Fangs or Shadow Lords.

Ptobirts 3 pp Fw)

The Silver Fangs are the chosen children of Falcon
and the appointed leaders of the Garou Nation. They
are purer in their breeding than their cousins in the
other tribes are. They have much, in fact, to be proud
of. However, some of the tribe take this pride too far,
passing through arrogance into hubris. They look
down their noses at their fellows from "lesser tribes"
and even members of their own tribe of less pure

Se

breeding. They consider themselves the best-suited
werewolves for any task and always assume that they
are the alpha of any gathering. They struggle to keep
the disdain and condescension out of their voice when
dealing with others and sometimes even aggravate the
spirits with their offhand behavior.

Inshort, a character with this Flaw isa right, royal
pain in the ass. The character's behavior earns hera +2
difficulty on all Social rolls with perceived inferiors
(which are just about everybody). She also tends to
overestimate her own abilities, putting her and those
around her in danger.

MET: This Flaw goes beyond the Condescending
Negative Trait (though chances are the character has
that as well), to the realm of nearly staggering arro-
gance. The Garou suffers a one-Trait penalty on all
Social tests with anyone of perceived inferior social
standing — and that's just about everyone — and
tends to overestimate not only the goodwill of her
peers but her own capabilities as well, sometimes with
disastrous results. Naturally, when things go wrong it
still isn't her fault; one of the little people must have
screwed it up, big time!

Plarane Phone (9 pt Fw)

Harano, the terrible depression and sadness that
can render the most powerful and renowned of Garou
warriors less useful than a newly changed pup, can
strike any member of any tribe. However, it seems that
certain members of the Silver Fangs are more prone to
short, yet less crippling doses of Harano that can
hamper their effectiveness as warriors of Gaia and
leaders of the Garou. Characters suffering from the
Flaw are prone to bouts of deep depression, indolence
and mood swings.

The player must make a Willpower roll every scene
in which the werewolf suffers some form of setback. If
the roll fails, the Silver Fang falls into a bout of tempo-
rary Harano. He may become morose and inactive, or
suddenly spring into self-destructive activity. In rules
terms, the Silver Fangs perceptions go awry and they
lose adie from each of their dice pools. Should the player
botch the roll, the character acquires a temporary De-
rangement from the list in this book (below).

The player can delay the Harano attack forasingle
scene by spending a Willpower point.

MET: Garou with this Flaw must make a Will-
power test after any scene in which they encounter
some setback to their plans, with a difficulty depen-
dant on how serious of a setback was encountered (low
for something minor like a minor delay or trivial
concern, high for the death of an ally or the ruin of a
long-term plan). Should the Garou fail, she enters a

Chapter Three: Good Breeding 85

ET ET STL, TR Ay TEP (TD) AT REE,


Seer rer rae ee ren is ar orc ress musrrensmorarensea

mild form of Harano for the rest of the session, suffering
a one-Trait penalty on all challenges and generally
suffering from depression, idleness and mood swings.
Should the Garou fail after a particularly devastating
setback, the Storytellermay even rule thata temporary
Derangement has been gained, which passes after the
bout of Harano has ended. A Garou may stave off a
bout of this Harano for a scene by spending a Will-
power Trait, though a particular bout may only be held
off once in this fashion.

The Ser Pang Onrse

The Werewolf Storytellers Companion intro-
duced a set of optional rules for tribal weaknesses.
These are particular common quirks that every mem-
ber possesses due to some particular characteristic of
the tribe. In the case of the Silver Fangs, that "quirk"
is madness. If your Storyteller chooses to use these rules
(and remember that these are optional), each and every
Fang possesses their own mental affliction. The other
tribes speculate that this is some sign of Gaia's displea-
sure, the Wyrm's taint or even the result of simple
inbreeding. A very few Silver Fangs know the truth:
that it is a curse that the tribe brought upon itself by
betraying their pact with Luna and making a deal with
Helios to extend their right to rule indefinitely. They
are lunatics in the truest sense of the word.

lhuytag the Corse

These Derangements are not an occasional incon-
venience for your character; they are an integral part of
their character and should be treated as such. From the
moment your character underwent his First Change,
this affliction has been part of their life. Indeed, many
Silver Fangs refuse to acknowledge their mental quirks
as illnesses, but maintain that they are part of who they
are and a mark of Luna's favor. Ironically, that is the
exact opposite of the truth.

The Derangement should be so much a part of the
way you roleplay the character that your fellow players
should only really be consciously aware that it is a
Derangement when it kicks into high gear in times of
stress. Even those Derangements which specify that
they only really take hold in traumatic situations, like
Fugue, can be incorporated into a character by giving
him a tendency to let his attention wander easily and
a habit of zoning out every now and again at non-
critical moments.

A few of the Derangements, like Multiple Person-
alities and Schizophrenia will have a profound effect
on how well the character functions. We offer them
here for those players who wantasignificant roleplaying

challenge from their character and you should not
choose them lightly.

Lastly, if you treat the Derangements humorously,
you both devalue their power in the game and encour-
age the other players to take your character less seri-
ously. That's not to say that there can't be the occa-
sional humorous moment arising out of a Derange-
ment kicking in. However, playing out the character's
battle with their condition is far more rewarding for
youand the other players if every one treats it seriously.
The whole tribe labors under a serious curse from one
of the major powers of the setting. It is not a burden to

trifled with.
Laurangetnckt

A number of possible Derangements are listed in
the Werewolf Storytellers Companion. We repro-
duce them here for convenience's sake, along with
some additional options.

Amnesia — In time of stress or trauma, you forget
who you are or what you're doing. The memory will
return once the stress has passed.

Ennui — You become easily bored and jaded. It
takes significant effort on your part, or that of your
packmates, to raise you from this emotionally dead-
ened state.

Fugue — In times of intense stress, you enter a
trance-like state in which you continue what you were
doing in azombie-like state. If snapped out of the state
by a packmate shaking you or the attack of an enemy,
you have no memory of what occurred during the
fugue.

Hysteria — You are unable to control your emo-
tions at the best of times and are prone to wild mood
swings when subject to stress and anxiety. At all other
times you tend to over-react emotionally to events.
Something slightly sad will cause great floods of tears,
whilst you anger knows no bounds, even for a Garou.

Intellectualization — You tend to over-analyze
everything. You subject every experience to rational
analysis and block or ignore your emotions as far as
possible. Should extreme emotion or displays of inex-
plicable supernatural might shatter this control, you
must roll for frenzy.

Isolation — You often need to distance yourself
from your packmates and companions emotionally,
becoming withdrawn and uncommunicative. When
this mood strikes you, you won't communicate with
more than a grunt or wave of the hand or tail.

Manic-Depression — You are an emotional pow-
der keg at all times. You can swing from despair to
ecstasy at the slightest trigger. To be honest, there's

86 Silver Fangs

Ff EE ATEN, EI ALLE TD x SEO, SALLIE DRG TDELN FE SERGI

eae

little rhyme or reason to these changes and virtually
anything can set offa mood swing. One moment you're
on top of the world. The next, you're in the deepest
depression.

Multiple Personalities — You have more than
one active personality in your head, although only one
of them is in charge at any one time. Under stress, the
dominant personality will change, bringing with it a
new Nature, Demeanor and even name. These person-
alities are probably aware of each other and know what
the others have been doing. However, some personali-
ties may be totally isolated from the others and only
come to the fore when you have to do something you
would rather not remember doing.

Obsession — You have a tendency to latch onto
someone or something as the defining factor of your
life. Everything you do tends to revolve around your
obsession and your packmates have problems getting
you to shut up about it. Your obsession may stay fixed,
or it might jump from target to target.

Paranoia— The Wyrm is everywhere! Why can't
everyone else see it? Maybe the Wyrm has gotten to
them too! Yousee the Wyrm's influence in everything
that is slightly out of the ordinary.

Perfection — Your life should be perfect, so you
work constantly to make it so. If that means devoting
all your energies to stopping things going wrong, like
your lover leaving you or losing status in the pack, well
so be it. However, should something go wrong, you
have to roll to avoid frenzy.

Power Madness — You are obsessed with gaining
control or dominance over others. You will manipu-
late and lie to them to that end.

Regression — In times of extreme stress, you
revert to a childlike (or cublike, of course) state,
perceiving everything in simple terms and looking to
others for reassurance and protection.

Schizophrenia — You hear voices which tell you
what to do and impart secrets to you. At times of stress,
these voices become louder and your perceptions of
the world change. Your actions become unpredictable
and make little sense to anyone but yourself.

Vengeful — When anyone wrongs or slights you,
your desire for vengeance starts to take over your life.
They longer you go without revenging yourself on
them, the more you obsess over it.

Chapter Three: Good Breed ing



"Give me my robe, put on my crown; I have

Immortal longings in me."

—William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra

Since the dawn of Garou history, the Silver Fangs
have led them in their mission to defend Mother Gaia
from those who would hurt Her. There was a time, or
so the tribe believes, that the other tribes followed the
Fangs willingly, respecting their rightful place as the
alpha tribe of the Garou Nation. Few are under the
illusion that this is the case any longer.

Too many Fangs have abused their power, led
unwisely or surrendered to the Wyrm's temptations
or the lure of madness. Now each Silver Fang has to
win the respect of her peers in the other tribes with
each swing of her klaive, howl of victory and wise
word spoken at a moot. Respect and the right to lead
are hard won, but perhaps that is Falcon's will, hard-
ening his tribe for the trials they will face in the final
days before the Apocalypse comes. Falcon's brother

Phoenix has spoken, and the day of doom is near at
hand. Every Fang must do her best to live up to her
ancestors' names.

Many among the werewolves believe the time of
the Silver Fangs has already past and that the madness
and corruption that dogs them has already mortally
wounded the tribe.

However, there is hope. Queen Tvarivich of House
Crescent Moon has won great victories in Russia and
is starting to make her presence known in Europe. King
Albrecht of House Wyrmfoe wears the Silver Crown
and great Falcon has bestowed his blessing on the
rough-edged American king more than once. Perhaps
the tribe is due a renaissance, if there's enough time left
before the Apocalypse. For the young Silver Fangs, the
pressure has never been greater.

Chapter Four: Nobility 89

LT TE eS FY A


Cat Joker CO Sicvea Fines" 9

Quote: Oh, e'mon. Haven't you got a sense of humor? I'm a nae eee ea

mule, it's not like I'm a threat. Players Auspice: Ragabash Pack ‘Totem: y
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Class Clown
Prelude: You've always thought that anyone who believes
Aes Attehbiget meern errs ine"

that Silver Fang kids have it easy should spend a few years at one Mute

of the Kinfolk academies, in the metis classes. You don't know Perception

90000 Chitom_Comediz 0000

who your real parents were, as you were transferred far away from. Pee ear pee
them as soon as you were born. You were raised in the bawn of a At Mier

: Te Mie ata
major caern, and taught alongside two other metis likewise Aletnes__—__@@000 Animal Ken___00000  Computet "00000

(00000 Enigmas ‘0000

00000 Investigation 8@000

7 0000 00000

Asyougota little older, and better able tocontrol yourself, you lewis {00000 00000 —o0000
Primal: 09 0

nagers. You quickly Sovewte, Sento) Gain = peace!

Sabterfac. 0000 Suvival

aurea AA A ftinn pages wrmmeme
Seagound

Autti (@8000

7 ‘00000
2 Dake: 00000
human Kin. Empathy___e@000

Exyeeaen, ‘e000

brought from across the country, in separate classes from the
‘00000

were allowed to play with the human te
discovered that they'd been trained to despise youand believed that
you were inherently inferior. The withered arm certainly didn't
help matters. The worse the taunting got, the more you stoked your
anger, until you were filled with Rage. Before you could even touch
a hair on one of the precious little darlings' heads, the genuine

(00000 00000

of

ty
Blur of the Milky Eye
Lambent Flame =

‘Sense Wyrm

werewolf supervising the school slapped you down hard. of lama
After a few months of beatings, you decided the best way to ed ee ae
avoid them was to not get taunted. After a few more unsuccessful secuecctee: ie toi
months, you twigged that making your school "mates" laugh by para Wendt 200
playing the clown was the way to do it. It only took a few more igeeroioroooioor eine, re to
months before the Bagaggo000 bmn o
other kids Soseceuees sasateoee ma

started to nl gauagooo00
1

| aay yore re ary,
you alone, because you made them laugh. Much to your surprise,
the elder Garou seemed to respect you for what you did, and your
life got easier from that point onwards.

leave

After a while you started to experiment with putting those
who had made your life miserable in their place by turning your
jokes on them. A few of them lost control and attacked you, and

this time they got the beating. Your elders seemed even more
impressed.

When, finally, your First Change came and you could take
your place amongst the other werewolves, you reputation for
cunning and mockery was such that it almost outweighed
the stigma of your birth. An older Ragabash, a lupus at that,
has taken your under her wing and is teaching you the tools
of your trade. Even the werewolf kings need their jesters,
she teaches you, to allow them to truly see who is worthy

and who is not.
Concept: You're a metis made good by accepting and
relishing your place in the stratified Silver Fang hierarchy.
Sure, you're a metis, but you're not going to let that stop
you. You're going to he the best damn Ragabash in the Garou

Nation one day.

Roleplaying Notes: Most of the times you're pretty
damn submissive, letting everyone around you know that
you realize your lowly station. However, you're perceptive
and cunning and watch everyone for signs of a short temper
and visible weak spot. When you find it, you start niggling
at it with words and jokes, to see if your targets can take

it. Ifthey do, they earn your respect. If they fail, well, it's
your duty to make sure the rest of the sept knows of their

failings.
Equipment: A set of unprepossessing smart clothes, a large
collection of notebooks and a camera.

|


SS seen re 7 PEATE PERV SEO Ne es
Moon t-onipe COM CO Sicven Fines" CY |

Quote: Mother Moon has changed her face. We must all

Name:

Choice wath her. Player:
nge with her Chronicle: Came Concept: oon Lodge Cultist

ae Abel bipfas woonmcen
Secid

Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem: y

Prelude: Even as a cub you were different. Your litter-
mates wanted to play fight with you, but all you wanted to do eae om
was stare at the moon and sniffaround in strange places. As the
moon changed her face, you could feel your moods changing.
When her face was full, you were angry, fighting with the other nai vie F000
cubs and running with the pack as it hunted down its prey. - poe

When she hid her face, you became playful. a ——— = : pons |
Your littermates found this behavior puzzling and disturb- Intmudaion 90000 Mieke 0000 Osh gonad
p

Mest

s Trimal Une 80000 Petorsance 90000 Palo, 90000
ing and started to shun you. When you went to the older 00000 Stath pereny eee
wolves for comfort, they weren't interested either, nipping at

"20000 Suvind_—__—e800
AL Aftanpaget
youuntil you went away. For long months you hungaround the ee Ge
s - Eetish __eoco0 ea eee'
edge of the pack, getting what food you could and taking solace PureBreed eee00 New Moon's Laughter -

eee00
‘00000

Ri 20000 iif
from the sweet face of the moon hanging in the sky. Things a ie
slowly got worse over the following months, though, and you
were all but driven from the pack.

2000000000

One afternoon, when the moon was still hidden and the

0000000000 a
6 palghaan pood000900 88A9000900 ined 1
sun beat down, you heard the pack's hunters howling in pain Honor sey Wounded

Mailed °2
0000009000 egeee00000 Gund 3

Woke 80990903900 herve!

and anger. A group of human hunters had found them and was
picking them off one by one. You felt the anger surge in you,
like it did when the moon's face was full and you exploded into
frantic combat. When you'd done with the hunters, some of
the pack had fled in fear, others were busy urinating in
submission and the hunters were all dead. A few days later,

your father and his friends came for you.

cocecoo

© 000000000 —__pifporar ae Tt Nabe
G090000009 Boe cou000 SERANGENIEST
Rab—— fF 3090900
So

ni t
Lae <<

2

On that terrible day when you'd discovered your
true nature, even as your body exploded into its First
Change, you started to understand why the moon had
affected you so. You only gained complete understanding some months

cubs were taught of the Moon Lodge of the tribe. While most of the new
werewolves were struggling with the idea of finding their role in
society defined by their birth — homids can be so blind sometimes —
you were delighting in the idea that Mother Luna was calling you
to change your behavior to match her moods, just as you'd always
done.

Concept: You're a wolf with a love for the moon and a
natural affinity with her phases that most homids find alien. You
have a knack for dealing with Lunes and have caught the eye of
members of the Moon Lodge.

Roleplaying Notes: While you're a straightforward and direct
character by nature, Luna takes her toll on you as she changes her
face. Youcan be playful, otherworldly, calm, talkative and aggressive
as the month goes by. You're constantly seeking to remind your
packmates of the role Luna and the other spirits play in their lives
and encourage them to follow your example. Youdeal with Lunes
and other spirits associated with Luna whenever you
can, seeking to glean new insights into her ways.

Equipment: Borrowed clothes, a fetish with bound
Lunes, documents charting the phases of the moon and
observations made with each passage.

Niner Royal

Quote: And what do you do? How interesting.
Prelude: When other cubs go on about how different

Breed: Homid Pack Name:

been different, and in some ways being a werewolf has Seer 1000 Charisma, * foe canal
— Decay ye00 | Manip inner 00
actually made your life simpler by giving you the purpose Samia e000 Arpewaae Reoal Win e000

you've always looked for. ae LA fies mamemmemerimner lot

hoon

nics soem Concept Minar Royl a

they feel now, you just sigh and turn away. You've always a Af Att olfies memammenmmmren foot

You were born into one of Europe's royal lines, far Pic 2 em 00000
enough away from the throne that you stood no chance of Dae ae0c0 esse late hoo
ever being crowned, but close enough that the tabloid | Sms Shit Sth = £880
press took an interest in you. From the day you were old reales a 0000 Puli e000
enough to understand, people talked to you about how PIE pone B35 02
special you were, what responsibilities you had and your ——— Adloapeget Ge
duty to the family. All you could see was that you had little ane Seen a
or no choice in the way that you lived your life and no real fueieaas—esece) athat aa
power to exercise in return. Frankly, you were beginning SS ee a =
toruna little wild. You attended a few parties your parents ca Rage HNralth mm
wouldn't approve of, and started hanging around with oo Seeccccooo itm 3
some pretty disreputable types. The tabloid press got hold a: ae Ci mtn sere 2a t
of itand the family sent you off to university quickly, in the 384n505005 secccecoes Coord 3
hope that you'd settle down. You had no intention of wore ome, _Nipovi mite -— Toba Nhabostrmtie

augaouuauag 0000000 DFRANGEMENT
aad cert gooa9o00903

letting that happen.
Then you met Lisa. She was quite
a bit older than you and a respected a
professor at the university you attended. She was the only person there that treated you like any
other student, and that caught your interest. You spent more and more time with her, and she
awoke in you both a social conscience and a desire to use the royal prestige to bring worthy
issues to the fore. It worked for a while, too. The press carried several stories about your
work with environmental charities and other causes and you finally felt like you
were makinga difference. Then the probing really started. They ran kiss-and-tell
stories by old lovers and started to insinuate that you and Lisa were lovers. One
night, a paparazzo snapped you leaving Lisa's flat. You lost your temper,
everything went red and when you came round, you were half-naked and the
paparazzo was dead. Two distant relations you hadn't seen in years found you
and introduced you to the wider family. You were nervous at first,
horrified next but now you're slowly coming to terms with your new
existence and even finding some joy in it. You have power at last,
even if it is mainly physical. Maybe you can have more impact as a
Silver Fang than you ever did as a royal.
Concept: You're the latest werewolf born from a blue-blooded
line of Kinfolk. Life as a werewolf gives you the power to makes the
changes you never could as a minor royal, but you're determined to
make sure that your packmates keep in mind the goals of the Garou.
Roleplaying Notes: You're noalpha, but when you talk, you expect
people to listen. You carry yourself with self-possession and a touch of
arrogance but are a surprisingly good listener. The visceral side of life as a
werewolf still freaks you out from time to time, but you're getting used to
it, slowly.

3 Sis Equipment: Designer suit, mobile phone, chauffeur-driven Rolls
Royce, Kinfolk bodyguard.


Cevedleyli,

Quote: You're from the Tvarivich dynasty, correct? I
think you'll find that the tale of your great-grandmother may
have some bearing on your problem.

Prelude: Frankly, you weren't considered a great
prospect for a true-blooded Garou. You never showed
any signs of the wolf within as you grew up amongst a
community of Kinfolk. Your Dad worked as security for
the local sept leader and your Mum —an Ahroun— was
always off fighting ag: some creature or other. You
were quiet, bookish and a determined student. You were
good at most subjects, but it was the special lessons about
the great Silver Fang families that fascinated you the
most. You would spend hours in the record rooms,
studying the family trees and growing ever more annoyed
at the growing gaps, as the record keepers started losing
track of Kinfolk that had moved away. What's more, you
learned that there were parts of the trees that were never
recorded because the liaisons were secret and illegiti-
mate. This annoyed you even more.

Still, you persevered and you could soon reel off
whole lineages with ease. You even started learning
stories about the key members of dynasties you'd memo-
rized. Your future with the Silver Fang genealogists
seemed assured.

Then, one day, aftera rough tackle on the games pitch,
you lost your temper and changed into the Crinos for the
first time. You badly wounded a schoolmate before the
shocked instructors were able to summon help to restrain
you. Then the serious work to train you as one of the Garou
began. As you were tutored in the great legends of the tribe
and the whole Garou Nation, you would always put insome
extra-curricular work to learn the family trees of the heroes
of the tales. Your reputation for knowing a tale of an
ancestor of any Silver Fang at a gathering quickly grew.

Now, you're working with a pack and fighting the
good fight. In your rare off-duty times, though, you learn
more tales and try to track down the missing branches of
the family trees. You're constantly getting your packmates
into trouble as a result but as you've tracked down a few
dozen Kinfolk and a lost cub, nobody minds too much.

Concept: You're a werewolf genealogist, even more
obsessed with breeding and lineage than the rest of the
tribe. You can see that family trees are just another form
of story and they're the stories that appeal to you most.

Roleplaying Notes: Most of the time, you're pretty
quiet for a Galliard, keeping yourself to yourself and your
nose in the family histories. Thatall changes when youhave
an audience that wants to hear about their ancestors. You
have a knack for making people feel good about their
families and letting them see the best qualities of those

oe a

Chapter Four: Nobility

QI Dicven Encs

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Family Historian

E rm AS Air bii fap semamemrvsemvem Le
‘Sereneth. sane (Chanson, aa —____

i fet mm

Aleremes 20000
Ahlers.

pe ead

Oe x00) Campa
Enum
Investigation

"00000
‘00000
00000 Seah
90000 Surreal

Soe: foget oe
calles ne Wid

(00000 Science

Kinfolk.

eoececoc

Radars 9909000009

2000000000 —__ jig.
auouaGaanG: gescccocos

Ref ——* gagagg0000

The Nnabnaer

ju
Glory Bisa
Selooomooos CS Senco CO Hot 4
9990000090 849032000000 Injured
Honor tty Sey
COCILOLOCS sco0000000 uJ

aaa
heroes reflected in themselves.
When you get a whiff of a miss-
ing part ofa Silver Fang blood-
line, you're unstoppable until
you've followed every lead and
found the missing relatives.
Equipment: Scruffy, non-
descript clothing, alarge bag
stuffed full of photocop-
ied birth records,
newspaper cuttings
and old photo-
graphs, a laptop
with genealogy
software and a
scanner.


|

— way,
Cetrome Sports Junkie CO Seven Fanas fos

Quote: Let's do it, guys. We can freefall right into the heart of Sey mass
the Wyrmhole and gut the bastard before he knows we're coming. Are Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem: 3
4 Concept: Extreme Sports Juki
you in?
. monervmarrvamn I Ls Ariba wrramanancmteod
Prelude: A life of wealth and privilege? Oh, how terribly, 1 Phgsied Said? VA
my a A A ‘Serecieth, 28000 Chane —
terribly dull. One could go outof one's mind with boredom sitting Destensy e000 Manipubion,
around the old pile with servants to wait on you hand and foot. f "S™"——— **80o pre
, : "ae MNilibiar
It's all far, far too tedious for words. You played rugby at school a ee 7 rarrks
: 6 cms 22000 100000 Comput
and enjoyed that far more than learning, which wasa bore, quite) Atisciewsaameeses =e ee
; - ee y Tent e000 feee00 Invetigen——00000
honestly. It's not like you needed qualification to get a job or Dae ee000 20000
Rar Enquthy_——90000 —e0000
anything. Daddy's friends in one of the banks could see to that. ‘20000 ~00000
Polo was a decent distraction, too. ‘e000 ‘ooo00 Riis eoo00
{00000 e000 Rita 0000
Luckily a few chums from school introduced you to snow Sebvesiage (00000 Survival @@000 Science ©0000
boarding one vacation. For the first time in years you really hgayet werent
felt alive Allies ‘cooo Inspiration —__
2 r 7 Kinfolk____eeooo Persuasion
From there it was a quick step into base-jumping, streetluge 90000 as
ae Remuete™ Senco es
and cave diving. For the next couple of years, you spent your Se RN TS
chunk of the family fortune in pursuing your hobbies. You were Lame rmsrenncm men
good. Damn good, in fact. You became known for your fearless- | Gan — i
ness, and people started asking to come with you on trips. It ssseeesees Gaacacuoan fe, 1 3
quickly dawned on you that this was far more fun than working Honor Anat ae vmiss
i js 2200900000 goo0000000 Cait 5 2
for a bank and you turned your hobby into a business. Soon you 9299990000 Be eo Soauaa emit" 3
were organizing trips for the more adrenaline-addicted members SSR EAaTS Willner ite Trike Raabe
of the extreme sports community. Your family tolerated it, always "4 ag) 00000 DERANGEMENT

muttering something about "growing out of it eventually." That's 1 susuaaua

not what happened in the end, though.

You'd been getting more and more irritable for months and
had cut back on the number of trips you were doing. The dreams that
werekeepingyouawakearnight weren'thelping. Still, youpersevered
and were doing an illegal base-jump with a couple of pals, when one
of them fumbled the whole thing and went careering into you on the
way down. The two of you plummeted earthwards, and all you could
think about was how furious you were that you were about to die.

You didn't, though. Something happened to you on the way down,
and you were able to save yourself, slowing your fall by driving your claws
(claws, what claws?) into the side of the building. It still hurt like hell when
you hit the ground, but you got better fast.

Uncle Gerald was waiting for you at the bottom. He stuffed you
in the back of a van and got you the hell out of there. You were
amazed: youhadn'tseen Gerald since you were akid. That evening,
he let you into the family secret and introduced you to the Silver
Fangs in the local sept. You couldn't believe your luck: real combat?
That would be really extreme!

Concept: You're the ultimate adrenaline junkie and fighting
the battle against the Wyrm is giving you the ultimate fix. You
throw yourself into battle and reckless plans with such enthusiasm
that other Garou follow you. You usually win, too.

Roleplaying Notes: You're full of enthusiasm for what
you do. If there's a dangerous mission to be had, you're the i

first to volunteer and you have some incredibly dangerous
idea for a surprise attack to boot. Your sheer passion for the
fight is enough to carry others along with you. However, you
can be dismissive of any words of caution or negativity and
often ride roughshod over doubters.

Equipment: Casual clothes, an expensive Land Rover
full of sport gear, one or two garish lycra outfits and all the
weapons youcan get your hands one. The more, the better!

94

7 ff PAS

Nobfe Ruyfert
York and Sophta Veurkdiae

The two most famous Silver Fangs of all time lived
nearly eight centuries ago in 13th Century Russia. Yuri
and Sophia Tvarivich were special from their birth. It is
not often that twins are born toa werewolf. It's even more
unusual for both of them to undergo their First Change.
The twins lived up to the promise of their auspicious birth
and the two Ahroun won great renown in battle through-
out their youth. The full tale of their exploits during those
days takes many nights at a Galliard's feet to tell. In due
time Yuri took his rightful place as the leader of Russia's
Silver Fangs. His reign ushered in a golden age for the
tribe in Russia, one that Fangs still celebrate in song. The
land prospered under his rule as his warriors found and
destroyed every Wyrm beast that dared show its face (or
nearest equivalent) in his lands. Often the missions to
destroy the beasts were led by Sophia herself. When she
wasn't fighting for her brother, she was by his side,
advising and supporting. Both of the twins took several
Kinfolk lovers to ensure that their bloodline would sur-
vive. Even Sophia's children bore the Tvarivich name,
such was the esteem for the twins.

However, itwasn't the manner of the twins' lives that
earned them their fame, it was the manner of their death.
The Wyrm, maddened by itsrepeated defeatsat the hands
of the Russian Fangs, sent one of its mightiest servants
against them: the Zmei Sharkala the Cruel. When news
of its depredations and the failure of several packs to
defeat it reached the ears of Yuri and Sophia, Yuri stepped
down from the throne, put down his crown and called for
apack to follow him. Garou from several tribes rallied to
his call, and the new pack set off in search of the Wyrm-
dragon. Their adventures were many, but one day they
found their quarry. Sophia was rooted to the spot by its
baleful gaze, butshe was able to pass her brother a Firebird
Feather, a legendary fetish handed to her in secret years
before by their dying grandfather. Yuri drove the feather
into the Wyrm beast, wounding it mortally. In its death
throes, though, it fastened its jaws on Sophia, killing her
outright. Yuri's fury and misery were a potent combina-
tion, and he hacked Sharkala to pieces, suffering mortal
wounds himself as he did so. Then he ordered that a pyre
be built, on which Sophia and the fallen dragon would be
cremated. As the flames leapt high, he threw himself into
their embrace. Their mingled ashes were spread from one
end of Russia to another in memory of their noble
sacrifice.

To this day the twins are revered for the three great
stages of their lives: their fighting days, leading packs
into battle; their ruling days, watching over Russia;
and their days of sacrifice, giving up everything, in-

Chapter Four: Nobifity

A aa

cluding their lives, in service to Gaia. No Silver Fang
since has quite matched their lives. With the Apoca-

lypse believed to be close at hand, it grows increasingly
unlikely that any Silver Fang ever will.

hide (Gorotaikif

In the last few years, a near forgotten figure from
recent Silver Fang history has become one of the most
celebrated werewolves in the history of House Wyrmfoe,
not least for his parallels with his great-great-grandson
Albrecht's own life. The revelation of his tale has at
last given the New World Silver Fangs a hero to rival
those of the Old World.

A century before Albrecht was banished by Jacob
Morningkill, Isaiah was banished from the same pro-
tectorate as the result of a disagreement with the sept's
Caern Warder and some particularly: nasty political
maneuverings. Unlike Albrecht he never returned.

Morningkill was respected for his wisdom, his skill
with the spirits and his unusual ferocity in battle for a
Theurge. None of this was enough to save him from the
petty politics of the day. After bidding a sorrowful fare
well to his wife, he headed to the frontier and the west.
In the Old West, legends were made. Morningkill, a
Theurge, was drawn by the terrible disruption that was
tearing through the local Penumbra. He, along with a
collection of Theurges from other tribes, eventually
realized what was causing the problem: a mighty Wyrm
spirit called the Storm Eater. It was Morningkill's
initiative to contact Theurges in the so-called Pure
Tribes and he was instrumental in organizing all the
tribes, both Pure and Wyrmcomer, against the spirit.

95

EDDIE


Nt TOL SRE AD PEE A SRE FURST

In those days, Morningkill became everything a
Silver Fang leader should be: strong, focused, commit-
ted to the cause and taciturn to the point of terseness.
Sometimes he traveled alone, sometimes with a pack,
but when he visited a Sept, its members would be
changed by his passage. Morningkill's key attribute,
though, was the ability to admit to the mistakes that
European tribes had made in the once Pure Lands.
Whena mighty Silver Fang lord was prepared to admit
error first, it came more easily to the other tribes.

In the end, Morningkill sacrificed himself for his
tribe, for the West and for Gaia. When it became clear
that one member of each tribe would have to die to
defeat the Storm Eater, Morningkill knew that he
couldn't ask others to make a sacrifice he wasn't
prepared to make himself. As the climax of the Rite of
Still Skies, Morningkill died alongside 12 other brave
Garou from the other tribes.

With Morningkill dead, the willingness of the
European tribes to admit their mistakes faded. The
story of his sacrifice was entrusted to only a few
Galliards and passed from the common knowledge of
most Silver Fangs. All that changed with the ascent of
his descendent Albrecht to the throne of House
Wyrmfoe. The work of the new king and his packmate
Evan Heals-The-Past to reconcile the tribes in North
America has been bolstered by the tales of heroes like
Morningkill who were admitting their mistakes and
working for the good of all over a century before.

Cyeen Tamara Tiartidh

During the long years that Russia and much of the
former USSR was separated from the rest of the Garou
Nation by Baba Yaga and the Shadow Curtain, one
werewolf rose to prominence: Tamara Tvarivich, The
strange thing is, nobody really knows that much about
her. Oh, the genealogists can tell you that she's a direct
bloodline descendent of the Tvarivich twins, Yuri and
Sophia, and she has achieved great renownasa Theurge.
Most people are aware that Tamara is a member of the
Ivory Priesthood.

But in most people's minds, Tamara is measured
more by her deeds that by her personality and that's
just the way she likes it. To her, it's a compliment,
cecognition of the fact that she's surrendered her own
life and desires to the betterment of the Silver Fangs
and the Garou Nation as a whole. She has her regrets:
in her youth she was something of an adventurer,
seeking out thesecrets and lost fetishes that would help
the tribe. She knows that the time for that has passed
and until a better ruler comes along, it's her duty to
keep the tribe working to repair the terrible damage
that the Hag and her armies did before the Shadow
Curtain fell.

Tamara has successfully won the respect of most of
the Old World Silver Fang houses, although she has
rubbed some of the other tribes up the wrong way with
herold-fashioned assumption of Silver Fang supremacy.
This unconscious arrogance has kept the Fangs out of
the growing alliance of the tribes masterminded by
Margrave Konietzko of the Shadow Lords that is re-
shaping the Garou Nation in Europe.

Ifshe has made one major misstep in her life, it was
her faith in Lord Arkady. That faith, partly born from
his incredibly pure breeding, and partly from his brav-
ery in the final days of battle against the Hag's armies.
The notorious Wyrm-touched Silver Fang persuaded
her that the American Silver Fangs had refused to aid
the Russians and had driven him out. He neglected to
tell them of his attempt to usurp the North Country
Protectorate and his assault on Jonas Albrecht. How-
ever, Albrecht finally revealed the truth to Tamara
during the Jo'cllath'mattric crisis in East Europe. Arkady
stood exposed and, although he later redeemed himself
just prior to his death, the revelation of his deceit was
the crucial key that opened a dialogue between
Tvarivich and the American King.

Now, she's one of the foremost advocates of closer
co-operation between the Silver Fang houses and is
even grudgingly accepting the idea of Albrecht's claim
to leadership of the whole tribe.

96 Silver Fangs

SF RF RTL! 5B. QA) REBT DS > nh sey eS ERROR: TE RT,


and inquisitive, with a casual
haughtiness that impresses some and annoys the hell
outofothers. Still, people put up with her because she's
annoyingly right much of the time. She does listen to
others and is willing to admit when she's wrong. Once
her mind is set on a plan though, it would take Gaia
Herself to turn her from it.

Tamara is slim but well muscled, with striking
features reminiscent of her ancestor Sophia. She tends
to wear her long, black hair coiled and piled on her
head, with silver filigree covering it. She favors all
white clothing, symbolizing her membership in the
Ivory Priesthood, although since she became Queen
she has added a cloak with intricate silvery tracery to
her wardrobe. The years of war have taught her well, so
she is rarely seen without a mace on her hip.

Chater-Stecat-Darsonst

The lupus Ahroun Chases-Street-Demons is an-
other Fang whose renown grew boundlessly though his
participation in the war against the Hag. In the early
days after the Shadow Curtain fell, he was known more
for his boasting and self-aggrandizement than for his
own skill. Unusually for a lupus he preferred to spend
most of his time in Crinos or Homid. Many speculated
that this choice was the result of the rather embarrass-
ing incident during his Rite of Passage were he chased
down and destroyed a car on a country road because he
believed it to be "of the Wyrm". The truth was rather
more interesting than that.

After wiping out a small group of Black Spiral
Dancers single-handedly near the end of his Rite of

Passage, Chases was led by a falcon-spirit to a cave
hidden deep in the Ural Mountains. There he found
two swords buried deep into the rock. He tried tugging
at one, and then the other, both in vain. And then in
frustration and growing rage he pulled both at once,
and they slipped out easily. These were the legendary
Twin Swords of Lothair, a matched pair of fetishes that
must be wielded Florentine style: one in each hand.
Any attempt to use them any other way is doomed to
failure, as the sword buries itself in the ground. Chases
preferred wielding the swords to adopting his Lupus
form whenever possible, so great was their power.
As the long war against the Hag drew on, Chases'
enthusiasm for self-promotion waned. He even started
spending time in wolf form when there was no imme-
diate danger of battle. His deeds spoke for themselves

J) andhe feltnoneed to go chasing after trouble. Italways

seemed to come to him.

When he met Tamara Tvarivich towards the end
of the struggle, he found a mind and spirit that comple-
mented his own. The two soon became allies and close
friends. One of Tamara's strengths as a strategist was
her ability to plan battles that occurred on more than
one front simultaneously. When she needed a trusted
warrior to take command of the werewolves on the
second front, she turned first to Chases. He also served
as her liaison to the other tribes in Russia. For some
reason that neither of them has been able to fathom,
they react better to her message coming from a lupus
than from a homid messenger.

After the Shadow Curtain fell and Queen
Tvarivich tumed herattention to clean-up duty against
the remains of the Hag's army, Chases turned his
attention to the rest of the world. The great battles in
Russia were over for a short while. He sought new
battles, and new victories, in other parts of the world.
He can be found leading assaults, advising Silver Fang
rulers all over the world and occasionally mentoring
newly formed packs that show promise.

Image: In Homid form, Chases is tall and impos-
ing, with sharp features and long flowing sliver hair,
striped with black. He dresses in plain functional
clothing these days, eschewing the flamboyance of his
youth. His swords are always at his side. In Lupus form,
which he wears more and more frequently, he is a long,
lean silver wolf with black ears and a black striped tail.
Traces of the fetish swords can be seen along his flanks
by moonlight, as his fur there appears to glisten.

Roleplaying Notes: You are strong-willed and di-
rect. You still have a tendency to be brash, but you try
to restrain it whenever you can. You talk endlessly about

Chapter Four: Nobility 97

ae a ne ae ENG

|

the battles you fought in Russia, but most of the time you
are praising the fallen, not yourself. This often surprises
those werewolves who knew you a decade ago and who
expect the arrogant, boastful cub they knew then.
Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Rank: 5

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy |, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 2, Leadership 5,
Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 3, Linguistics
2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Kinfolk 3, Allies 4

Rage: 8; Gnosi ; Willpower: 9

Gifts: (1) Falling Touch, Hare's Leap, Razor Claws,
Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm; (2) Scent of Sight, Sense
Silver, Spirit of the Fray, Talons of Falcon, True Fear;
(3) Catfeet, Heart of Fury, Wrath of Gaia; (4) Leshii's
Boon, Stoking Fury's Furnace; (5)Luna's Avenger
Rites: Rite of the Opened Caern, Rite of the Fetish
Fetish: The Twin Swords of Lothair (Level 6, Gnosis
8). This pair of twin swords must be wielded Florentine
style. If either is used separately, it will bury itselfin the
ground up to its hilt. The swords cause aggravated

damage, store up to 8 Rage within themselves and can
act like the Gift: Clap of Thunder if they are crossed in
the air above the head of the wielder.

Queen Vary Campbell

On the whole, Mary "Scours-the-Heather"
Campbell considers taking on the leadership of House
Austere Howl the worst thing she ever did. Of course,
she didn't have much choice when her father became
the third king to die in as many years. The house was
in a bad way already. The Defiler Wyrm had its claws
deep into the senior werewolves of the house, who
were joining the Silver Spiral with alarming regularity.

Mary, an inexperienced Scottish-born Ahroun with
only two years of experience post First Change, did
damn well at first. She rallied the loyal nobles against
the corrupt ones and set about purging the house of its
taint. She was close to succeeding when she found
herself under attack from an unexpected source: House
Gleaming Eye. The house's obsessive hunt for Wyrm-
taint had led to it declaring war on Austere Howl.
Eventually, with her house all but destroyed, Mary was
forced to flee Edinburgh for Ireland and Silver Tara,
greatest caern of the Fianna. There she petitioned aid
from Ard Righ Bron Mac Fionn, and was granted it. The
Fianna and surviving members of Austere Howl man-
aged to win back the house's Dublin caern.

However, the fae-maddened Ard Righ did not stay
true to his promises. Mary was forced to flee Ireland and
is now moving through Europe, trying to avoid the
Silver Fangs who believe her tainted, while at the same
time rallying as many Austere Howl survivors to her
cause as she can. Mary, you see, has a theory. She
believes that it is no co-incidence that her House was
attacked just as the Black Spirals became more active in
their home territory. She also thinks it is no coincidence
atall that she was driven from the Edinburgh caern after
the Spirals attacked several Scottish caerns belonging
to the Fianna. She is convinced that a traitor within the
senior ranks of Gleaming Eye has sold Austere Howl out
and she wants to expose him or her and re-establish her
house before the Spirals complete whatever it is they
have planned. She's prepared to die trying, too.

Perhaps the Glass Walkers, who have also faced
suspicion in Europe, might be able to help. If only she
can track down this Genereader woman, or even, if
needs must, this Konietzko chap....

Queen Mary was forced to grow up too fast, and so
is over-serious and totally focused on her mission to free
her house. She has no time for small talk, which makes
her a wearing traveling companion but a very efficient
leader in exile. She's demonstrated a real proficiency for
mimicking new accents as she hides in Europe's cities.

98 Silver Fangs

Df PEP TPE Ls EAS BLEED TEI. ARS REAL GAY,

|


a

ws

Mary shows her Scots heritage more than her Silver
Fang ancestry: she has long, auburn hair that tumbles
down her back, and a slightly rounded face with a small
nose. She's short and lean and dresses in normal, every-
day human clothes at the moment, often hiding her hair
under a hat or cap. In her wolf form, she's compact and
thin, with streaks of silver in her brown fur.

King Jona Afredh
Bearer of the Sfcer Crom

Albrecht is not a typical Silver Fang king. He is
considered crude —the quintessential "ugly Ameri-
can" — by many of his royal colleagues around the
world, although none deny his martial effectiveness in
combating the Wyrm. In this sense, they admit, he is
a true scion of House Wyrmfoe.

Jonas's grandfather was King Jacob Morningkill,
lord of the North Country Protectorate of North
America. He was once a highly respected ruler, but
devolved into madness, becoming paranoid and ob-
sessed with testing his court for its loyalty. Although
Jonas's father was a Kinfolk —Jacob's sons and daugh-
ters did not breed true — the Albrecht family was long
considered to be one of the more pure of blood, as far
as human standards go. They were not, however,
traditional nobility, but were instead descended from
the wealthy merchant elite of Holland, come to the
New World with the Silver Fang tribe.

Jonas, as the sole direct descendant of Jacob to
breed true, was naturally considered to be Jacob's heir.
As Jacob's madness took its toll, he mistook Jonas's

es eer

youthful glory-seekingactions for veiled threats against
his throne. He banished Jonas from his kingdom on the
charge of insubordination and treachery. Albrecht,
too immature to understand just what had happened,
became embittered and angry at everything Silver
Fang — the tribe's customs, people and legends. He
retreated to New York City, where Mother Larissa and
her Central Park Bone Gnawers gave him hospitality.
He forthwith proceeded to become a drunk, spurning
his duty to fight the Wyrm.

He had a number of run-ins with other Garou,
many of them violent, for his self-destructive urge
inevitably caused him to insult them in one way or
another. The New York Garou still talk about the
knockdown, drag-out fight between him and Mari
Cabrah, a Black Fury who despised his condescending
attitude. They had a number of follow-up matches,
ambushing one another now and then, but none of
them decisive.

He then stumbled across a hoy undergoing his First
Change, and was thus drawn into the destiny of Evan
Heals-the-Past, a Wendigo who didn't look very Na-
tive American — his Kinfolk bloodline was far re-
moved from its original source. The minions of the
Wyrm sensed that Evan was fated to atone for the
bitter anger between the Wendigo and the European
tribes, and so sought to kill him. Albrecht was Evan's
only defence. Forced into the role of defender and
mentor, Albrecht rediscovered his core of honor, and
overcame his self-destructive habits with the help of
Falcon, totem of his tribe.

In doing so, he had to call upon Mari Cabrah for
help, and so helped to forge his unlikely pack. Al-
though he and Mari still verbally fence with one
another, their banter hides a deep affection — not
romantic, as some reprobate Ragabash have opined,
but pack-oriented. For Garou, there are few bonds as
tight as those between packmates.

The Lay of the Silver Crown tells the story of how
Albrecht became king. Jacob was slain by Black Spiral
Dancers upon his very throne, and his dying command
was for Albrecht to return. But since his exile, a Garou
of the purest breeding had joined the caern: Lord
Arkady, from Russia. He made a claim for the throne,
one which Albrecht, long disgraced by exile, could not
overcome. It resulted in a challenge combat, with
Arkady the victor. Albrecht was content to let the
story end there until evidence of Arkady's treachery
and Wyrm-taint surfaced. His only means to dethrone
Arkady was to search for the Silver Crown, the ancient
relic of true Silver Fang kings.

He finally won the crown and deposed Arkady
before his official coronation. In anact of mercy he since

Chapter Four: Nobility 99

|

regretted, he spared Arkady's life and exiled him back to
Russia. This eventually proved wise, as Arkady helped
to free Russia from its Wyrm curse and finally sacrificed
himself for the greater good of Gaia by assaulting a great
Wyrm beast called Jo'clatth'mattric. Although Albrecht
still can't stand the guy, even he gives him reluctant
kudos for finally redeeming himself.

Since gaining the Silver Crown and his ancestral
kingship, Albrecht has waged war against a shadowy
organization called the Seventh Generation, one of
the most subtle of the Wyrm's plots to corrupt the
world. He has rooted out its agents and slain them
whenever they can be tracked and hunted.

Healsojoined in thecontinent-spanningfightagainst
Jo'clatth'mattric, eventually allying with Margrave
Konietzko, a European Shadow Lord whom many Garou
see as the Silver Fang's chief rival for power.

Now, Albrecht journeys to Russia, the Mother
Country of the Silver Fangs, to meet for the first time
his long-sundered tribemates, in an attempt to heal the
rifts between Silver Fang houses and unite the tribe for
the coming Apocalypse.

There is a prophecy whispered among the tribes
that the Black Spiral Dancers will kill Albrecht when
the Apocalypse finally arrives, for he is believed to be
the "last Gaian king" spoken of in the prophecy of a
mad oracle. Albrecht, of course, discounts the legend,
although his packmates continue to worry about it.

Image: On his best days, Albrecht is the model of the
modern Silver Fang — he wears his silver hair in a
ponytail, his eyes are sharp and clear, and he can com-
mand respect regardless of whether he's wearing Garou
regalia or tattered jeans and trenchcoat. On his worst days,
he looks like ten miles of bad road, every inch the scarred,
scruffy veteran of a thousand fights and a long exile.

Roleplaying Notes: It was never your ambition to
be king, but you never fell so far from grace that you
would think of defying Falcon's wishes. It's a pain in.
the ass having so many people bowing and scraping in
front of you — thank Gaia that your packmates are
willing to keep you nice and humble. Still, as long as
you've got the job, you might as well make some good
come out of it. For one thing, you're doing your best to
make sure that the rest of your tribe pays some proper
respect to the other tribes — something you learned
back when you were closer to the Bone Gnawers than
to the Fangs. It makes them grit their teeth, and you
know you're going to get challenged for it hard some-
day, but nothing worth doing is ever easy, right?
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Ahroun
Rank: 6

100

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 4,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 1, Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 2, Leadership 5, Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Medi-
cine 2, Occult 2, Politics 3, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Ancestors 1, Contacts 4, Kin-
folk 2, Pure Breed 4, Resources 1/4 (Albrecht has only
a little money of his own, but can draw on quite a lot
of money by pulling rank)

Rage: 8; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 10.

Gifts: (1) Eye of the Falcon, Falling Touch, Lambent
Flame, Razor Claws, Resist Pain, Sense Wyrm, Smell
of Man; (2) Eagle's Beak, Luna's Armor, Spirit of the
Fray, Talons of Falcon, True Fear; (3) Silver Claws,
Wrath of Gaia; (4) Stoking Fury's Furnace; (5) Luna's
Avenger, The Secret of Gaia; (6) One on One (see
Book of Auspices)

Rites: Gathering for the Departed, Moot Rite, Rite of
the Honorable Oath, Rite of the Loyal Pack, Rite of
the Opened Caern, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite
of Wounding

Fetish: Solemn Lord, a grand klaive that boasts the
secondary power of heroic endurance. By spending two
Gnosis points to invoke this power, Albrecht gains an
additional three soak dice against all attacks save silver
for the duration of the scene.
