# File: Silver Fangs.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

(SC)
Waly

A Sourcebook for Werewolf" The Apocalypse"
Cribebook 10

|

apap = ff a SS UL
naa na Ee Ee ee Se SBS BB EEL lUe

HRIS HOWARD

ART BY: MARK JACKSON LETTERED BY: MATT MILBERGER









1

Credits

Author: Christopher Howard

Developer: Ethan Skemp with Ken Cliffe

Editor: Ken Cliffe

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen Miles and Lawrence Snelly
Layout & Typesetting: Aileen Miles

Art: Andrew Bates, Mike Chaney & Matt Milberger,
Richard Kane-Ferguson, Alex Sheikman

Comic Book Art: Mark Jackson
Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

‘ATLANTA, GA 3002

Waite Wore] USA
GANE STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Werewolf the Wild
West, Werewolf Players Guide, Werewolf Storytellers
Handbook and Silver Fangs Tribebook are trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac-
ters and themes. All mystical and supernatural ele-
ments are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

hitp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks

This is the sort of Special Thanks that a developer hates
doing. However, for outstanding service that was never
repaid adequately, we can only offer our heartfelt best
wishes and our very special thanks to:

Trace "Net Goddess" o'Conner, for unparalleled grace,
even the second time around.

Paul "The Real Deal" Lepree, for being the jive turkey,
little man's champion, retail genie and resident psychic.
May you never lose the Funk, Pauly.

Emory "The Commish" Hester, for singlehandedly tam-
ing the unruly masses that were Wolf Blight (not to men-
tion those delinquent customers).

Larry "Skirt" Friedman, for incredible cartography and
a great sense of style.

Christian "Good Neighbor" Naberhaus, for being easy
to live with and a lot more amiable than he had to be.

Mike "Insaney" Chaney, for always making sure Were-
wolf never forgot its badass roots.

Staley "Den Mother" Krause, for being the first to bring
new life to the offices — literally.

Oh Soon "Giant Among Us" Shropshire, for being
three times larger than she actually seemed.

Tim "Jet Li"? Byrd, for keeping the Hong Kong fever
burning.

Elizabeth "Eli" McKee, for not putting up with the
senseless crap.

Wes "Harold B. Hines" Harris, for taking on Hollywood
its own self.

Laura "Enforcing the Peace" Perkinson, for bringing a
little bit of grace to some universes that could use it,

Mark Poucher and Russel Gunther, for doing a thank-
less and all too often overlooked job. War House forever.

Cymon "Bassmaster" Hight, for taking on some of the
dirtiest jobs we could possibly throw at him and still being
able to enjoy fishing afterwards.

And especially to Kathleen "Fianna Girl Scout" Ryan,
for opening doors for as many as she could, including this
unworthy soul.

You'll all be missed. May you find better than you
received from us.

Silver Fangs

el Se ieee //,


Contents

Bcrynaenue: Beunpte Llapu
Introduction: Once and Future Kings

Inapa Ileppas: Cxunetp u Korot

Chapter One: Scepter and Claw

The glorious history of the Silver Fangs

[apa Bropas: Te, hro OrOpacpisaior ‘Tenn
Chapter Two: Those Who Cast a Shadow

The culture of the Silver Fangs

[hapa Tperba: Uro [Ipuodperér Tor, Kro 3apotoer Bech Mup?
Chapter Three: What Benefits Jt One to Gain the World?
The Silver Fangs around the world

[pusoienve [epsoe: Llapexan Pyra

Appendix One: The Hand of the King

The burdens of majesty, and new Gifts and Talens

IIpusoixxenue Bropoe: 3narnpie Huai
Appendix Two: Nobles All

Ready-to-play character templates

IIpunomenue Tperbe: Cepedpanoe Boticko
Appendix Three: The Silver Host

Kings, queens and nobles of past and present

Contents

OFLA PS TS TER riley //,

12

14

26

34.

46

D3

64.

Il


Y- Ropynneiiiie:
_ Beuynpie Llapn

_ The nobler a man, the harder it is for him to suspect inferiority in others. ~~ Ss
. * ¥ a . on
— Cicero, Ad Quintum Fratrem ey

Kinain' | Se

Blood of my blood, oldect of biards. By the tine you ead the T will & dtad. Yet T brow you usill eave tag
words, thoug the must tavew the Hadous Curtain tial. I four fox the, m4 wont, ras not Lot me competi, th wod "af
of Loud Faleon Sa

At the Lal Coun T drank bom th Fidid Chalice, as you wowed me not 4 do. My mind is lie quicedue lppiny
thou my, efous; gat bth a th pie Helos eat fox pitial weation, I poy that pue gladly.

T sows ove thibes Ketowy laid dove mre fhe a soul . Comiad aloft in the talons of alton, I woud alow"
the eovliest down and doy. of feyrd, though Tmpegium ord Conod. I eultid in our quctict veto, ond fit 0 touted
bold the Howoro that axomponis us on ou rrod dowruuoid pial. :

es

es Ue Silo Fors oe mary trys, "UUr oe wowior Rings ard ar tt Hod tay a te ok 1
101 doulder Gude that ro othe tbe con ox would, dove ti: the ttuin burdens of eadouip ord onewtt" ysiett brown ~6 onl
Hoa ee te Wea the oldest Fawou, buat Com ob the Rat Wolb. Ue brow the Seuat' of Daath,
ord ove the wood wudes of Faleon ord Helos. And ww ox quaidions of a fomdul wuet that cow oun tribe's foros until
"Ths, 1 wsité you, dior bard, thouyh the Hodous Cudain looms lock Actiowon us. THe once g scat' Aral Coon
<br dou me, ard ult it gou ths wyion's fost' defo oyoinst the ULiym. You, of all people irda wodk.
© Our attion is dapuaté ux toe 0 door far more cetain ard ameviratt thon dows ory she tile. "We moy wo th foo xy
only & ww cusohe oycinct the fatal nigitinove of Rubia ord Hovoro. Only then ustl out porter to Gia fe woud, Only, than"
iu we docu 0 pop ao io ie dun oo ae Of .
T de contact' rousing ths etter uxll och you, thougl tHe customary Litt bactoe at the Shadow Curtains coves

_ reso ord praowdovna. Ou is a aalll tile and ct will beome walle stil bdow alll the och, me
© Soul, Hoe At or ad pat foe, Fk att Se id
—_ bayord the Apocalypw, "Thue we wl wile again n foros ard justia, tn 0 plow use the world is os nus. -Lumayedton + con
ove Mid me rows, The wal wok of the ~Lpoealypw falls you, ou tide and +5 all otiw Fovou a Foia protict you
4 bord,

dolas Starok
NP,
r oo

Introduction: Once i |

Use the notes os you usll. "They usll tary wow, deison orc cowouie Hom moct of our tik. Fuel thoi tha fall eg


We

at


The place of the hevo's birth, or the remote land of exile from
which he returns...is the mid-point or navel of the world. Just as
ripples go out from an underwater spring, so the forms of the
universe expand in circles from this source. :

— Joseph Campbell, The Hero with a Thousand Faces. :

History

Celeste, pee,
Again, / bind myself ina position ustere 7? mudt thark you. ? reab ige that the dre

waa, aa you aa "The flimsieat fabrication for you % ‘danee the edge of

However, 7 could not ignore the dream, in which ? aaus you digpat ehed +

from it that Nicholas was dead, and that hia words had 1 reach ua 2
" 7 have begun to trandate hia laat message, a3 you delivered it, Mas
‘ nable to me, written aa they are in hia obaowe code, The reat, unport un
wretehed Claassied Latin, Stilt, 7 believe Stanock learned much when he drank fe
Chalice, Only aT heurge of hia power and audacity would have faced the perila of uate
hetiah of ita kind. oar
2 will rele hindinga to you, and ot hera, aa we agreed in payment for yor
tranadat ed ‘Waeketas hist ou tea white vacationing in Cape Cod, "hia pire te
reftectiona of hia viaon, ate with select passages dareetty trandated from hia epitaph, Ma
it ia commen knowledge, but will repeat some of the traditional legendato lend form and cont.
te ha ‘hellen seereta, A
Ada atusaya 7 will atriveto maintain the detached eye of the academic while trandating Mi
vision He himadl} aaid he doubled hia sanity: we muat maintain swmerationality w Waaect ats
legends, Stitt, } fear thia will not be cary, Wiehotas waa my frend, but moe / Vink he waa righ

e—. Ua f natit ude,
io , pp eword 0f the Ledge of the Sun
Qe House Uhprurfoe

—<-

On Scepter and Claw


aN
-
WY?

N\A
an

awe os

The Dawn of Ages

From the Letters of Nicholas Stanock

We call the first age many things —- the

Dawn of Ages, Spring, the Golden Age — but

in the present's dark realities, many homids,

even a few lupus regard the Dawn of Ages as

something less than real. Yet, in my mind, fresh-

burning with the Firebird's elixir, the first age is more
real than any other time.

The universe was born in sound and fury. Helios, Gaia
and all the other First Ones created life and conducted the
business of gods. Yet of these times I can confirm nothing.
There are a thousand creation myths; none seem any more
or less valid for my experiences in the earliest ages.

My first clear memories are of the end of the Golden
Age. It was still the Dawn, but the smell of death was on the
wind. A vast darkness enshrouded Gaia. Perhaps it was the
Wyrm, or even an older evil; my mind still swims at its
memory. The shrieking blackness rent Gaia's flesh, and
loathsome beasts bubbled from Her countless wounds. Gaia
was not without defenders, though. The great animal lords
drove at the abominations with claw, hoof and talon. Yet
the blackness continued its attack and Gaia grew weak. A
cold, vile wind violated Her garden sanctum. The great
darkness stole Her spirit, secreting it away in the entity's
lair beneath the World's Navel.

The animals of Gaia rose as one to save Her. Wolf,
however, was scorned. The other animals called him a
"mottled mongrel," and banned him from their war party.
Leaving Wolf behind, the animals attacked the darkness in
its layer beneath the roots of Yggdrasil, the World Tree.
The darkness swallowed them whole and spat them out on
the World Navel's shores. Even after this defeat, however,
the other animals forbade Wolf to aid them. Finally, they
bent to Lord Falcon's counsel and let Wolf try, for what else
could they lose? Wolf stole beneath the World Navel, but
instead of attacking the great darkness he cloaked himself
in its own shadows and watched, undetected.

The great darkness made Gaia sing, for such was the
manner in which it drained Her essence. With each sor-
rowful note Gaia succumbed further to the blackness.
Death itself drew near in anticipation, for it was not every
day that a world died.

Eventually the darkness, absorbed by its foul lusts, grew
careless of its surroundings. Wolf sprang from hiding and
clamped his jaws on the being's bilious heart. Darkness'
bellow resounded beyond the World's Navel, and shook
the very ground the animals stood on. Yet turn and screech
as it would, the darkness could not break Wolf's iron bite.
At last, in fear for its existence, the darkness released Gaia
to the lands above. Wolf died as he watched Her go.

Wolf hunted in the tenebrous realms of Death for a long
time. Then, one day, Death spoke to him, saying:


matter,

"Though you have dweit here long seasons, not a day has
passed in Gaia's realm. Such is Her sorrow for you that even I
cannot hold you against Her wishes. Few who enter the
Shadowlands return to the sun-lit realms, yet when this passage
occurs, the laws of fate compel me to confer a gift upon the
risen."

Then Death showed Wolf the Garden of Secrets, but
with the command: "Take only one blossom between your
teeth, and do not release it until you next draw breath in Gaia' s
warm embrace." Wolf did this and the specter-garden slowly
melted into the warmth of the World's Navel. Wolfbreathed
again on that strange and alien shore, a creature reborn.

The other animals marveled at Wolf's deeds. Wolf's fur
had become snow-white, and Gaia said: "Wolf has died that
Life may live. Henceforth, Wolf shall know the Secret of Gaia
and the Secret of Death." Wolf kept these secrets, passing
them on to only the wisest of his offspring.

a) yon believe the

ACCUSA
, the earliest times,

£
: he best, as WAS bur ght as kings

oY int of history,
of his opinion,
portrait of bur tripe,

C

Chapter One: Scepter and Claw

ee A yy,

Che Jmpergium

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot

In the earliest times humanity was little different from
any other beast. With time, however, humanity distin-
guished itself, discovering strange (and then frighteningly
alien) technologies such as fire, clothing and spears of flint.
The frigid winds of the Ice Age (a force of the Wyld)
spurred the Weaver's influence on humanity. Ultimately
all Garou noticed man's predilections.

The lupus who would become the Red Talons com-
plained that humanity hunted wolves without care for the
ancient pacts forged by our ancestors. The Garou who
would become the Children of Gaia complained about
humans' warlike ways. Many female Garou turned on them
as the earliest matriarchies died; those Garou eventually
formed the Black Furies. Those: who would become the
Shadow Lords snarled over everything about humans on
general principle. | believe the Impergium gave birth to our

' . This i
cA the tyars And cyere a

teding st»
nG stock vasa ret-pard cbtumensurate

Respectfully,

Pytr S peaks-the- Pact i

<Stetvard of the Lodge of the Moon

S the history And; i
Cevays foremost .

L


system of tribes. It split us into different principalities, each
with its own beliefs and agendas.

In any event, each of these prototribes approached us
with horrific tales of man's growing barbarism. Stanock's
vision confirms that we were of two minds on the issue. On
one hand, humanity's growing preeminence over nature
was a violation of Gaia's balance. Yet were not the Garou
a bridge between humanity and nature? Half of one world,
half of another, we faced, perhaps, the hardest decision in
history.

King Rests-the-Moon, greatest of our rulers, sought out
Gaia's wisdom. She answered, "Let a predator feed upon these
creatures, for though they are cherished by Gaia, so too must the
sacred balance be maintained." The king returned with this
command, and all the early tribes agreed to enact it. Some,
such as the Red Talons, did so energetically. Others, such
as the Children of Gaia and the Glass Walkers, spoke
against the Impergium's harsh provisions. In the end,
however, all tribes upheld Gaia's edict.

As each prototribe followed the Impergium, the dis-
tance between us grew. Noble Silver Fangs, ravening Tal-
onsand reluctant Children of Gaia enforced the Impergium
each according to its beliefs. Some culled the herd with
fang and claw, others through reasonable appeal. The
Shadow Lords whisper that they carried out a covert war
against mankind while our tribe supposedly postured and
remained above the fray. This is a lie, but then lies are what
the Lords pride themselves on.

Almost all tribes agree on one point: The Impergium was
successful. Humanity's numbers were reduced; we restored
Gaia's balance for a time. Yet we were torn. Were these frail
humans not our Kin as much as were the packs of wolves in
the forests? Commanded by Gaia, our souls nevertheless
bled from these early deeds.

Exodus

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot

Despite the Impergium, the Weaver's (and hence the
Wyrm's) influence grew, albeit more slowly than before.
Ultimately, three tribes — the Wendigo, Uktena and
Croatan ~—- decided to depart for new, pure lands. First in
atrickle, then in a mighty torrent, Garou of the three tribes
followed the Wyld's path, searching for a land where
Weaver and Wyrm found no purchase. Their quest led
them over the bridge that bound what we would know as
Siberia and Alaska. We Silver Fangs, old even then in the
Rus, were the last to watch them go. Stanock claims that
some Wendigo bred with our tribe before parting, leaving
behind a people (the Siberakh) who embodied the best of
both tribes.

a

18 Silver Fangs

The Concord

From the Letters of Nicholas Stanock

Was the Impergium genocide by Gaia's command? Was
Gaia wrong? Our tribe is beholden to so many masters —
Gaia, Helios, Falcon, Luna — that my faith in any one is
shaken before all. Do I speak heresy? Certainly there are
many among us who would say so. Introspection has never
been a strong point of our tribe, but then it is a scarce
commodity among the Garouasa whole. Did the Impergium
last for a thousand years? Two? More? My vision cast no
light on this matter. Timeless Falcon cares little for such
human conceits as years or centuries. | can attest to one
thing, though: as the Impergium began, so did it end, and
for a reason.

The Impergium was law among the Garou; a matter of
"national security" to echo an all-too-common modern
phrase. We Silver Fangs bear culpability for this as much
as any other tribe does, perhaps more. The Impergium
temporarily righted the balance between Wyld and
Weaver, while its bloody excesses turned many Garou
hearts to the Wyrm. Can any contest this? We slaugh-
tered the humans, the righteous words of Gaia ever on
our lips. The Children of Gaia and the Stargazers, to
their eternal credit, were the first to recognize our
atrocity. Many of our tribe heeded their council, but not
enough.

Fortunately the great powers saw our hubris. Com-
manded by Helios' wisdom, great Falcon counseled truce in
the high and ineffable courts of the Celestines. Even with
the Firebird elixir still burning within me, [ will not
presume to interpret these celestial debates. Still, their
outcome is not beyond me. A cosmic wrong would be
righted; the Impergium would end. Lord Falcon himself
lent wing to the decree, lighting upon the shoulder of
Queen Viladus, the wisest of our tribe. The monarch
commanded that, in the name of the Celestines, the
Impergium would halt immediately. The Children of Gaia,
the Black Furies and most of the Stargazers heeded the new
decree. The Red Talons, most Get and many in our tribe
opposed the Concord. The Shadow Lords, scenting an
opportunity for power, screamed betrayal.

Finally, however, the Garou could not ignore the will of
the Celestines. A conclave of all the tribes convened in
Pangea, where all Garou returned to their true natures.
Falcon and the other totem spirits presided; the wise
Firebird-spirits honestly recorded the debate, for such was
their nature. The tribes debated, though the distinctions
between tribes blurred in that place. Each spoke of
humanity's high aspirations or base deeds. In the end, the
high powers' decision stood firm. The Concord was recog-
nized, codified and enacted by our tribe alone.

And now humanity spreads like a mad Malthusian tide.
It grows beyond all control, and spreads the Wyrm's cancer
with it. Our tribe bears the final glory — or damnation —
for enforcing the Concord.

The War of Rage

From the Letters of Pyotr Speaks-the-Past

Your latest essay seems to lay blame for the so-called
"War of Rage" solely on our already overburdened shoul-
ders. This is not a new accusation, of course. Our detractors
point to our supposed guilt on this matter at almost every
opportunity. As I recall, the legends of this time go some-
thing like this:

"Long ago, an argument arose among the skinchangers about
who was most important in Gaia's eyes. The Silver Fangs, ‘in
their pride ,' decided that only they were worthy of leading Gaia's
defenders. To prove this point the Fangs, unprovoked,-led a war
of genocide against the other werecreatures. The other tribes,
ever tractable (as we all know them to be), followed us blindly.
They did this because they believed the ‘myth' of Silver Fang
superiority. It was only after the killing ended that the other,
blameless tribes realized the tragic mistake of this war. As a
result of our heinous deed, Gaia imposed a penance on our
tribe."

You suggest that it is this penance that now "drives the
Silver Fangs mad." Come now, is this the great "truth" that
you and Stanock expect us to swallow? Are we children?

Forgive me, but the Dover Caern is falling around me by
ever-so-subtle degrees. | am tired and tact eludes me.

We are both men of learning. Why simplify complex
and incalculably old legends in such a manner? History
is invariably more complex than such fairy tales allow.
(And fortunately so for our academic profession.) Does
our tribe bear some responsibility for the events sur-
rounding the War of Rage? Of course, but then so do the
other tribes and, yes, as do the unfortunate Gurahl,
Nuwisha, Corax and all the other oh-so-victimized
werecreatures of antiquity.

The Gurahl and Bastet, ever blindly protective of hu-
manity, brought the Wyrm's wrath down on us during the
Ice Age. The Nuwisha's mindless pranks nearly severed all
skinchangers from Luna's grace. The Corax stole some of
the Garou's most sacrosanct secrets. | could go on, but lam
sure you mark my drift. Again, these facts are common
knowledge among most tribes.

Each of the Garou tribes had bitter complaints about the
other skinchangers. The Red Talons and others saw them
as competition for hunting grounds. The Get had many
unfortunate skirmishes with them. The Stargazers and
Silent Striders coveted their secrets. We all know of the
Shadow Lords' hatred for the Corax; the Lords believed the
wereravens' very existence defamed their totem, Crow.
There was little need for Silver Fang "hubris" in this matter.
Still, each of the tribes came to us and, as the alpha-tribe,
we bad no choice but to comply. On this point Stanock's
version of events seems to diverge from those of every sane
Garou historian.

Atrocities were committed by both sides in the war, that
I concede. That we committed more than the other tribes

Chapter One: Scepter and Claw 19

ia en ienieny //,


is preposterous. To further suggest, as you do in your notes,
that our tribe instigated the war is slander. And to finally
insinuate that we did so against Gaia's direct decree, as you
imply, is a monstrous falsehood.

| urge you again to stop this foolish venture. I appeal to
you on the basis of our friendship, though | know there has
been little love between us since Anna's death. If this
petition does not move you, then | appeal to your loyalty as
a respected athro of our tribe. Stanock's observations are
extravagant to say the least. Such speculative documents
endanger your distinguished career. You have always re-
spected the rules of hierarchy. | strongly urge that you
follow them now. :

The Ancient World

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot .

The lords of the Garou could not‘help but gain some
political power in the human world. Although we observed
the Litany in those days, we had not yet fully established
the provision about lifting the Veil — at least not until
Rome. In those days some of our tribe ruled almost as openly
as human nobles, acquiring temporal power and great
wealth. A few held power in the earliest kingdoms of Africa
as well, though almost all left chere shortly after the War of
Rage. Our power allowed us to hold our own against even
the great human powers of the time. We flourished in the
first warm tides of the Aegean World, reigning in Greece,
Rome and among the earliest Russian tribes. Many of us
even migrated north and east, establishing a presence in
the early Indus civilization.

We followed the trade routes, learning much about
commerce and leadership. We became kings and Kinfolk to
kings. Still, our prime concern was always maintaining our
true power among the Garou. We never sought the high
power in human affairs wielded by other supernatural
agencies.

Our power in the ancient world ended along with the
Wyrm-tainted Roman Empire. The nature of our defeat
there is obscure and Stanock's letters shed little light.
Rome was our first great retreat, though. Perhaps this
disastrous event was the first sign of Gaia's punishment —
divine judgment for our excesses during the War of Rage.
Certainly we had climbed far, and mostly unimpeded until

that time. We had far to fall.

Byzantium

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot

Our age-old power in Greece and Russia provided us
much influence over Byzantine affairs. The Wyrm, ever
restless, battled us often, and after our defeat in Rome we
had a better grasp of its power. Our influence in the spirit
world also grew and Falcon provided us with puissant
allies. The Children of Karnak, a race of warrior-bird
spirits, were our most reliable confederates. In the early

ei //,


A

10th century an unknown Wyrm-mage used a powerful
fetish, the "Hunger Stone," to ensnare much of Faicon's
brood, serving it up as a sacrifice to his dark masters. The
Hunger Stone entrapped many Children of Karnak,
some Firebirds and other Falcon-spirits. Only the Great
Flock remained free. This defeat was, in many ways, a
greater one than was Rome. This blow against Falcon
struck us at our spiritual core, but the challenge did not
go unanswered.

As one, our tribe entered the Umbra to find our lost
spirit-allies. In a place called Peduratus, the third great
circle of the Malfean spiral, the Armies of Karnak made
one final stab at freedom. Silver Fangs and warrior-
spirits joined forces, slaying all Wyrm-servitors that
dared block their path. Black Spirals, Banes and other
Wyrm monstrosities gibbered in incoherent madness.
This was their stronghold, their place of power. Yet the
Garou's leading tribe had penetrated their malefic con-
struct. Many in our tribe fell in that great emancipation,
but in that crucible of blood and fire we forged our
alliance with Falcon anew. Galliards from many tribes
still sing about that glorious campaign. It was, in many
ways, our finest hour.

The Downward Spiral

From the Letters of Pyotr Speaks-the-Past

Enough! More than enough! Your vulgar fictions now
far outweigh any comic appeal they may have initially had.
[read your latest squalid tract, the one detailing our tribe's
so-called "downward spiral." To hear you tell the tale, the
Middle Ages were not (as every cliath knows) a time of
great honor and glory for our tribe. They were instead a
series of "routs, holding actions and forced retreats" against
the Wyrm. Balderdash!

The Middle Ages was the backdrop for our greatest
triumphs. Did not King Aaron Everstone use our greatest
fetish, the newly recovered Silver Crown, to break the
Black Spirals' grasp of North England? Yet you repeat the
baseless lies of our lowest Fianna and Get of Fenris detrac-
tors, who slander that he turned the crown against their
tribes. Malcontents often repeat these lies, but to hear them
from a scholar of your former standing gives them new
credibility in the eyes of the mischievous and foolhardy.
That Everstone's house fell completely to Harano shortly
after his acts is an interesting historical coincidence, noth-
ing more.

You blame anything and anyone, but the truth is self-
evident to any loyal Silver Fang. The other tribes have
fallen from their state of grace. Some, like the Stargazers,
fell only slightly. Others became debased beasts, not wor-
thy of the name Garou. How far have you fallen, Thomas?
You exaggerate our failings, real and imagined, while di-
minishing the great role our tribe continues to play in
Garou survival.

Chapter One: Scepter and Claw

as etniemey //,

Once more, enough! Our tribe needs wise rulers and
strong warriors, not such mindless gadfly sentiments as you
espouse. Some people may misinterpret your motives in
writing these letters. Some may even consider them trea-
sonous. Let sleeping wolves lie.

The Rus

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot

Our power in the Byzantine Empire waned, though not
in as catastrophic a manner as it collapsed in Rome. By the
millennium's turn many Byzantine Fangs emigrated north
to Russia, bringing the culture of the Greeks with them.
The migration was, for the most part, an equitable one
between Russian and Greek Fangs. Newly made comrades
after the assault on Malfeas, the Fangs of the Rus welcomed
their southern cousins. This was the beginning of the great
alliance between Houses Crescent and Wise Heart, an
alliance that lasted until the Russian Revolution.

In the years leading up to the second millennium there
was a great spiritual tumult in the Rus. Vladimir (a distant
kin of the Get of Fenris) Christianized the land. The
migration of the Greek Fangs coincided with this event and
many Garou erroneously praise (or damn) us for the result-
ant shift in power. In truth, we had little to do with it, but
that did not prevent us from taking advantage of the
situation. The newly cemented alliance between the two
Silver Fang houses was potent and we reasserted our domi-
nance over the Russian tribes.

Unfortunately Vladimir's ties ro Constantinople
(through his marriage to a Byzantine princess) drew the
attention of the Greek vampires: old records give the
names of Ventrue and Brujah. Ir also attracted the atten-
tion of even darker, Carpathian vampires, seemingly loosely
allied with the Shadow Lords. Our tribe fought many
battles to keep the vampires' influence at bay in the Rus.
But while we stopped them on the battlefield, they slunk in
under cover of darkness. Vampiric presence in the Rus
ultimately resulted in our tribe's greatest defeat.

The Siberakh

From the Letters of Thomas Abbot

I know that discussing the Siberakh (an obscure subtribe
related to us and the Wendigo) is something of a taboo
among our tribe. I will again break the rules of protocol, and
do so.

The Siberakh are among the so-called "pure ones," those
Garou most unsullied by the Wyrm. They have an affinity
with the World's Navel unlike any other Garou. The
Siherakh wandered far afield in the Umbra, cleansing
places of Wyrm-taint. Some even rumor they maintained
contacts with the three American tribes after the bridge
collapsed into the Bering Strait.


A

22 7

.

We have not heard from the Siberakh in recent centu-
ries, but | maintain they still exist. Perhaps they are at the
forefront of the war going on behind the Shadow Curtain.
Accurate information about Russia's current plight is al-
most nonexistent.

In earlier times the Siberakh taught us our greatest lore
about the World's Navel, and we learned those lessons well.
(When the other tribes accuse us of "examining our na-
vels," they do not know how right they are.) If things fall
apart completely here and in the Penumbra, the World's
Navel may be where we make our final stand. I only hope
the "Ronin" Siberakh will aid us then.

The Russian Revolution

From the Letters of Pyotr Speaks-the-Past

Your castigation of our alleged "incompetence" during
the Russian Revolution shows your true colors at last. [am
grateful to see that you have stepped out of Stanock's
shadow for once. That he had no opinion of the 1917
revolution is disappointing. I had so longed to hear what
Lord Falcon — king of the air, messenger of Helios —
would have to say about our Crescent-House colleagues.
Perhaps fresh insights on Rasputin's "cross-dressing" Silver
Fang assassin, Felix Yusupov? Your cavalier defamation of
our greatest heroes does you little credit as a gentleman.
Still, at least you did not bother to hide behind Stanock's

ali we

Silver Fangs

a .

ANAND
in 5
y) ‘

avs

ey!

academic hem this time. The words you wrote were, as you
said, "yours alone."

You report (truthfully) that the Children of Gaia, the
most gullible of the Russian tribes, came to our leaders.
They said they had found a dagger at the Wyrm's belly.
They claimed they knew of a vampire aristocrat whom they
could "trust."

The Children petitioned that the vampire had supplied
them with secret knowledge of the Wyrm's weaknesses.
The vampire supposedly gave us the information to damage
his rivals. This, ac least, held true with our knowledge of
vampiric politicking and scheming. Unfortunately the
Children reported that the Red Army killed the vampire
shortly after he delivered this message. 1 am sure this
appeared all too convenient to some of our tribe; the
decision to act on the information was not unanimous. The
Children convincingly swore that the vampire had no sign
of Wyrm-taint. (Their honesty can be damnably inconve-
nient at times.) They suggested a course of calculated trust.
All the tribes, weary of long war, were eager for a chance to
win with a decisive death-blow. Still, we were not naive.

Some of our seers foresaw disaster, but others promised
victory. I suppose it was just one of those times when people
have to make leaps of faith. Ever wary of deceit, the loyalist
tribes set a trap. Spirit-couriers and the fastest messengers
sought out every loyal Garou in the region. Werewolves of

L


almost every kind arrived by foot, horse and Moon Bridge.
A fourth of this great force attacked the Black Spiral caern
of which the vampire spoke; the rest waited in reserve. The
Children of Gaia reported credible dangers, even relating
details of what might have been a Nexus Crawler. We
believed that we had mustered enough force to smash many
times that threat. No one could have foreseen what hap-
pened next.

The Black Spiral caern was well-guarded, yet the loyalist
Garou seemingly took the Spirals by surprise. Powerful rites
protected the tribes from the labyrinth's corrupting influ-
ence. On the second spiral, that dedicated to the Beast-of-
War, the assembled tribes reportedly heard a keening
sound. "Perhaps," they thought, "this was the Nexus
Crawler?" It was not.

I know not how, but the Wyrm forces awakened a Zmei!
I know not which one. (Perhaps Shazear?) There were but
seven of these monsters in existence, and Silver Fang claws
had slain one, Sharkala the Cruel, centuries earlier. Unfor-
tunately the Garou did not have Sharkala's slayers, Yuri
and Sophia Tvarivich, with them that night. The Zmei
decimated the war party. Black Spirals and other Wyrm
creatures poured from the labyrinth walls. | believe there
were also many Bone Gnawers and Shadow Lords among
the foul attackers.

All the tribes suffered grievous losses that night, but
none more so than us. House Crescent lost over a fourth of

its strength, a blow from which it has yet to recover. The
dragon disappeared and none have seen it since (though
rumors of the Zmei's ongoing rampage are whispered from
under the Shadow Curtain). Occult scholars of every tribe
know of this catastrophe. The event is perhaps the single
most disastrous in our tribe's recent history. Our power in
Russia has ended, perhaps forever.

Is this not enough for you?

And if that were not enough, you accuse our tribe of
another betrayal, a "crime of omission" committed a gen-
eration later. The Russian Red Talons blamed the Children
of Gaia when their policy of peaceful engagement failed to
stop Stalin from testing the first atomic weapon on Russian
soil. The Talons slaughtered almost every Child of Gaia out
of revenge. You suggest that our tribe stood by idly, allow-
ing the slaughter. This is a lie! We did so, you suggest, in
revenge for the Children's bad council during the revolu-
tion. You blacken your soul and our tribe's honor with your
vile slanders. Must you cast disgrace on our tribe at every
turn? Have you ~~ at last — no shame, sir?

Stanock's letters and your circulation of them dishonor
our tribe's heroic sacrifices. | will not sit back and watch you
defame the valiant dead, as is so obviously your intention.
If you persist in slandering our great tribe, not even your
connections to King Albrecht will save you. This is your
final warning.

Apostate, beware.

AMaKréa 191F 2.
- ~~ »®


)

eternal reflections of past glo-
ries. The other tribes are abandoning

us, tired of our vacillation, our hubris, our dementia. Our
twa most important houses, Wyrmfoe and Crescent, stare at
each other across a void of jealousy and mistrust. They were
nearly at war when the Shadow Curtain rose in 1991. Thank
Gaia for small favors. Perhaps whomever raised the curtain did
not wish us to war? (This thought is farfetched, but it gnaws at
me.) There is obviously some sort of silent war at work within
the Rus, bur Stanock's words are the first (that I know of) to
escape Russia's dark shroud.

Dark forces beset our other protectorates, as 1 said. The
Blood Red Crest wages a losing war with Wyrm-tainted mages
in India and Asia. Intrigue riddles the Gleaming Eye and
Austere Howl. Not even the Unbreakable Hearth is as depend-
able as it once was. No one knows what occurs in House Wise

Heart. (But then, did anyone ever know?) The recent ascension
The Pr esen t of King Albrecht is one of a few hopeful signs, as are hints at
From the Letters of Thomas Abbot renewed contact with the fae overlords, the sidhe. Falcon's

active role in delivering Stanock's letters is good news, though his
direct involvement also means that the Apocalypse is much
closer than any of us dared imagine. We are not ready.
One-fourth of our tribe is so sodden with Harano that they
cannot function. Another fourth are worthless sybarites, revel-
ing in the coming Apocalypse. The tides of dementia are fast
eroding our remaining sanity. If this does not stop we will be a

Celeste,

A few final words before I sleep. No more fiery revelations,
just the coldness of history coming to an end.

Things are moving far too fast for our tribe. The Wyrm
presses us on every front, in every part of the world. A few of us
have adapted to the new realities, but many more wallow in

Silver Fangs
ray none ma ene mr nile //,


tribe of no-moons (no offense) before the war starts in earnest.
Decadence and sorrow are both fertile ground for the Wyrm,
and growing numbers of our tribe defect to its dark ranks. This
leaves about half of us alert and willing to wage the Apocalypse
War, but even that number is rapidly dwindling.

I retire this evening with mixed emotions. Stanock's letters
both encourage and dishearten me. Visions of dark betrayals
and grand deeds, Gaia's compassion, the loyalty of Falcon, and
inimical Wyrm forces churn madly behind my eyelids. If we are
to survive, we must play to the better angels of our nature. We
have a great and glorious history, of which we are justly proud.
This history is not one reflected merely by battles won or Wyrm-
beasts slain, but by the ideals that drive us. If we are to be worthy
of our heritage, we must rekindle these ancient fires.

Stanock's letters finally disintegrate into insane and cryptic
conjuration, telling me little more of worth. Perhaps he was
mad. Still, ] had the dream and you found the papers. Pyoter's
last letter had an unquestionably threatening tone, but do not be
concerned. I may be an old wolf, but my fangs ave still sharp.
Tomorrow I will go to one of our Kinfolk, a trusted scholar in the
Arcanum. Perhaps she will be able to aid me in deciphering
Stanock's arcane scrawls.

I retire now. | will play the new Tchaikovsky CD | bought in
town last week. The cellophane is still on it. 1 can hear the waves
through the screen door; the air is agreeably cool. | have not
eaten much since Tuesday. Perhaps I will have a scotch.

Farewell for now, my daughter in all but name. When next
] write, I promise to have better tidings.

|


ne A

%

Tr napa bropas:

‘le, hro

OropacbiBaior
eHu (

Philosophy

Consuming hunger of the uncritical mind for what it imagines
to be certainty impels it to feast on shadows.

—~ Peter Bell, Science and Sanity

Pull up a rock and sit down, cliath. I saw you out there
earlier; you did well. Martin Rothchild is the name, and
Summer-Snow says you're of Stockwell's line. Relax. If
we're going to sit out here in the snow and wait for the next
Spiral attack, we may as well be comfortable. We've just
won a respectable victory. Did you see how they scattered?
Rabbits! It's nights like this that I'm glad to be Silver Fang.

Sit! I have killed a deer, and although no fires are
allowed right now, I am sure we will make do. Whiskey? I
see you got a nasty gash on the cheek. Your first scar? You
should be proud. Except for a Heidelberg scar, you don't get
much better than a scratched cheek.

Was it from that spider-monkey | saw you chasing near
the quarry? I thought so. No, they aren't Black Spirals;
spider-monkeys are fomori and damned annoying ones at
that.

"What's a fomor...2" You really are new at this. Didn't
Summer-Snow tell you anything? Though the way things
blew up yesterday, I guess she didn't have much time. Look
— your father was a friend of mine years ago, and you
showed some real guts out there. (In both senses of the

word.) You're obviously Ahroun, and that gives us some-
thing else in common. We may have a while to wait out
here. I'll tell you what: Hit me with your best shot. What do
you want to know?

"What the hell is a Silver Fang" and "How did | get
here?" Tall order, but 1 can answer the second question
right away. You are here because you are a Silver Fang.
That's why you're out here freezing your butt off in the
snow, and that's why you were going blood-mad and scrap-
ping with monsters you didn't even know existed a few days
ago. That's why you tore that creature's throat out with
your teeth, and that's why you feel an inborn sense of
nobility and command. The other tribes, they see that
white fur and they jump, despite what they say about us
behind our backs. It's instinct. You have the blood of kings
in you, and the blood of wolves as well.

Now, "What the hell is a Silver Fang?" Very well. What
do you know about us? .

Hmm. | guess Summer-Snow wasn't completely negli-
gent, though it sounds like she gave you all the history and
spooky cosmological stuff without any of the nuts and bolts.
Typical Galliard. All right, I guess the best place to start is
with our tribal structure, our laws and some of the factions
that you may meet. To get the reasons behind all this, give
Alexandra a call. She's a Philodox; they're good at helping
people connect the dots. Here we go. Let me know if I lose
you.

Chapter Two: Those Who Cast a Shadow 27

a en tnteniomnay //,


.

Structure

We Silver Fangs learn since birth what it is to be noble
and Garou, or at least that's the theory. (You, young friend,
are an obvious exception.) Our athros — teachers — carry
on a tradition as old as the tribe itself: the transmission of
our tribe's history through the spoken and written word.
We are the most literate tribe, with the possible exception
of the Fianna. (1'll ler Alexandra fill you in on them.) Our
law is therefore elaborate and legalistic. But behind this is
a strong appreciation for the spirit of that law.

Many werewolves acknowledge the Celestine Helios as
the patron of Silver Fang (and so much of Garou) law. The
Concord, in particular, bears his mark. One of Falcon's
broods, the Firebirds, was influential in the creation of the
Concord and the Litany. It is not surprising, theny that
many forget our tribe is equally beholden to Luna, the
Celestine of the moon. Because of these loyalties, our tribe
is sharply divided into two lodges, the Lodge of the Sun and
the Lodge of the Moon. Most aspects of our philosophy
revolve around these two groups.

Lodges (Sun and Moon)

The lodges are the primary dividers of our tribe. The
Lodge of the Sun is somewhat larger than that of the Moon,
outnumbering it in most of our royal houses by a three-to-
two margin. Although the lodges are the most significant
division in Silver Fang society, they are traditionally be-
nign. They each represent twin ideals: reason and order
(the Sun), and passion and mysticism (the Moon).

A lodge is mostly a matter of personal philosophy and a
touch of spirituality, or at least that's how you tend to wind
up in one. What happens next is a different story. You see,
the lodges reinforce our ideals of duality: human and wolf,
right? Same with Helios and Luna. They also play off one
another politically, especially at moots. You see, sometimes
the Moon Lodge'll declare a certain fetish, patch of ground
or tidbit of lore to be "in their province," and therefore
assert a claim to it. The Sun Lodge does the same. It's part
jockeying for influence, I'll admit, but it's also making sure
that things and tasks fall into the hands of those most
capable of handling them. Just like leaving war to the
Ahrouns and spirit-talk to the Theurges, right?

Most members of our tribe gravitate to a lodge shortly
after our Firstings. Membership in a lodge is encouraged for
homids — lupus are traditionally free to do as they please,
don't ask me why — and you can't be a member of both. You
can switch from one lodge to another, but be careful: Doing
so may reduce your honor in the eyes of the tribe. The
lodges stage two great shared celebrations on the twin
solstices. Our Winter Solstice celebration is open to all
Garou. It's a raucous affair and a good chance to let your fur
down and learn about the other tribes. The Summer Sol-


stice is a time to renew our ties with Helios and Luna, and
so we don't want outsiders mucking with the sanctity of this
event.

Now, a king transcends lodges by his very nature; he has
to be impartial. The lodges are at their most formal, how-
ever, when they're present in the king's court. This is where
they really come into play; you see, the Sun Lodge deals
with affairs of humanity and the physical realm, while the
Moon Lodge oversees matters of a lupus and spiritual bent.
Each lodge is represented by a shaman, steward and squire.
The two shamans are always Theurges and they advise
kings on the spiritual and physical world. The stewards are
always Philodox and marshal the tribe's war effort against
the Wyrm. And the squires are Galliards who oversee the
defensive forces and keep an eye out for incursions, sort of
like Caern Warders. The seneschal transcends the two
lodges and may be of any auspice, although we Ahroun
have rightly dominated the position since the 1300s. The
Ragabash like to say we usurped their positions seneschal,
and there is some hostility between uson this count. So you
see, a Fang protectorate only really needs six lodge mem-
bers — but as the lodges gain influence, they' ve attracted
more Fangs to their ranks.

Both lodges oversee our system of laws and the Litany.
They also try to maintain the Concord. During meetings
between the lodges, the Lodge of the Sun places its accou-
terments at the north end of the meeting place. The Moon
Lodge takes the south. | hear some of the Eastern houses
prefer an east-west arrangement. | pity the poor Philodox
who has to make the seating arrangements at a multihouse
moot. Our tribe can be a little obsessive with formalities;
I've seen blood spilled over who gets what chair.

Sun

I am in the Sun Lodge and, as an Ahroun, you will
probably end up there as well. The Sun Lodge teaches
order, discipline, harmony, intellect and rationality. We
are the servants of Helios and maintain strong ties with
Falcon's Weaver-spirits, the Children of Karnak. Our lodge
deals with the human world and maintains an intricate
power structure among our Kinfolk. We are masters of
politics and commerce, though we primarily control small,
rural-based corporations. Most of these are trading compa-
nies, cottage software businesses, communications firms
and the like. We also influence many museums and pri-
vately-owned libraries. Galliards and Ahroun tend to join
our lodge.

Moon

The Silver Fangs of the Moon Lodge seek ecstatic,
spontaneous experiences. Fangs of this lodge are the ser-
vants of Luna and maintain strong ties with the Wyld
Falcon brood, the Talons of Horus. Those of this lodge
explore the spirit world, traveling far afield in the Penum-
bra. They deal with the tribe's lupus population, and most

lupus and metis who choose a lodge choose this one. The
Moon Lodge typically has better occult scholars than we
do. Like us, they have a fair amount of influence over many
museums and privately-owned libraries. Theurges and
Ragabash gravitate toward the Moon Lodge. Philodox are
split down the middle — as suits them

Martial Tradition

We have maintained a vigorous martial tradition
throughout our history. Every Silver Fang cliath learns the
rudiments of military tactics, self-defense and sword play. It
looked like you got a good start tonight. Most of us are also
trained with firearms. Despite our tribe's well-deserved
reputation for honor, we aren't above using the occasional
"dirty trick" in combat. The Shadow Lords largely underes-
timate our capacity for martial deception.

Camps

The leadership of the lodges actively discourages the
formation of private "camps" within the tribe. It does so to
prevent factionalism, but we have no laws that explicitly
forbid the existence of camps. The majority of Silver Fangs
do not belong to any "unofficial" organizations. | urge you
to be careful about making friends carelessly.

Renewal

The Renewal movement is'a recent phenomenon and
it's active in both lodges think ir started in House Wise
Heart, but it's now growi throughout the world. The
Renewalists are for a spiritual teinvigoration, as espoused
by people like King Albrecht and King Nayar of the Blood
Red Crest. They believe the only way for the tribe to
survive is through some kind of "spiritual rebirth." Ask any
two Renewalists what that means and you'll get three
different answers, though.

They have adherents in both traditional and more
modern circles in our tribe. Yet in some ways they break
almost completely with our traditions. Many of them
advocate an increase of Silver Fang Kinfolk through inter-
marrying with other tribes' Kin. Most in our tribe consider
this heresy.

American Renewalists have high regard for King
Albrecht, though he doesn't claim to be one of them.
While most Renewalists support the current monarchs
(some more so than others), most Royalists distrust them
anyway.

Royalists

Most in our tribe are what you might call "small-r"
royalists by inclination. I remember when I first became
aware of my Silver Fang heritage. People were in the streets
protesting the Vietnam War and a host of other things, and
the old imperialist fogies in my pack were trying to teach me

Chapter Two: Those Who Cast a Shadow 29

ALE OT ET nea //,


the "virtues of monarchy." They seemed antiquated as hell,
but after a while it just seemed to click! We're not human
nobility, kid. As Silver Fangs, and as Garou, we're defend-
ers of a gigantic mystical paradigm that | can't begin to
fathom. ] only buy about half of what the tribal elders sell
as tradition, but our true nature and purpose are pretty clear
to me. As for all the trappings and ceremonies — they've
lasted a long time and there are damn good reasons for
many of them. Don't be tao quick to judge anything that
seems strange.

On the other hand, Royalists (with a "big-R") are also a
specific political group. They generally run the show in our
tribe, though they would resent being called a camp.
They're the most interested in restoring our tribe's monar-
chical influence over the other tribes, and they're the ones
driving the bus at the moment. Their motivations vary.
Some are honest traditionalists who believe that Silver
Fang leadership is necessary to withstand the coming Apoca-
lypse. Others just crave power. While the Royalists are the
most powerful force in our tribe, their influence on other
tribes is waning. There are some Garou in almost every
tribe who still favor restoring our tribe's preeminence, but
their number's dwindling.

The Royalists send ambassadors to other tribes regularly.
[hear they're favorite fall guys in Bone Gnawer folk tales.

Jvory Priesthood

I'll be honest — these Silver Fangs disturb me. | know
that Death is the left hand of Gaia's balance, but honestly,
some of these Garou look and smell dead. (But then, some
Silent Striders strike me the same way.) I'm just not sure it's
a natural state. Still, in all our legends the First Wolf died
to save Gaia and consequently learned the "Secret of
Death." Ever since that time, there has been a small caste
of Silver Fang Theurges dedicated to preserving this secret.
The priesthood has members in both lodges. You'll recog-
nize them if you see them; they and their acolytes wear
white robes that are covered in death runes from our culture
and countless others. Or at least that's the story. The runes
are in an almost invisible silver chread, and few want to get
close enough to study them.

The Ivory Priesthood is among the scant few Garou with
access to the so-called Dark Umbra, where ghosts live.
(The Silent Striders is the other group.) I've heard stories
of Ivory Priests who can kill with a stare. Apparently they're
also enemies of the Shadow Lords' Society of Nidhogg.
(But that's a whole different story.) Despite its sinister
reputation, the priesthood is one of our tribe's greatest
weapons against the Wyrm. If you meet a priest, give her
the proper respect and a wide berth.

Kinfolk Families

Our Kinfolk are an exclusive fraternity to say the least.
We choose them based on their competence, loyalty and,
yes, beauty. It is, indeed, good to be the king. Like us,
however, many of our Kinfolk battle Harano. This has

30 Silver Fangs

ames

lessened their effectiveness in some ways, but it also makes
them more dangerous to our enemies. Silver Fang Kin come
from some of the wealthiest and most powerful families in
the world, but then one look at you tells me you know that
much already.

Some examples of powerful North American Kinfolk fami-
lies include the New Orleans Delacourts (of House Gleaming
Eye), the Rothchilds (an Unbreakable Hearth family that
made its money as railroad barons in the Old West), and the
oil-rich Batells. King Albrecht's family is one of the finest in
New England, and is making a fortune by reintroducing old
environmentally safe farming techniques. ] understand that
another of House Wyrmfoe's families pulls strings in the FBI,
but you didn't hear that from me.

Most of us trace our lineage through both Kinfolk and
Garou sides, and take our names accordingly. Me, I didn't
have a Garou parent — don't give me that look, kid, my
blood's still at least as thick as yours — so I took the family
Rothchild, If my mother had been Garou, I'd have taken
her name instead. Keeps things clear, even if some Garou-
sired Fangs start feeling a little superior. | understand these
folks grind their teeth whenever Albrecht's name is men-
tioned. You guessed it, kid — the Albrechts are a fine Kin
family, but the king doesn't have a Garou parent. Maybe
he'll breed true, as well, and then you'll have Albrecht
being a Garou name as well. Confusing? Yeah, a bit, but
that's what the Galliards are here for.

Che Litany

Royalty does good and is badly spoken of.

— Antisthenes (5th-4th century B.C.)

Our tribe is largely responsible for both the institution
and observation of the Litany, though the latter role has
diminished somewhat in recent centuries. Each tribe typi-
cally administers the Litany as it sees fit these days, but that
doesn't stop us from "interfering" when other tribal rem-
edies fail. Many Garou still see us as the Litany's final
adjudicators, and approach us for guidance.

Garou Shall Not Mate With Garou

Some say our tribe has an obsession with blood purity.
This is probably true. Few of us, apart from the Renewalists,
would ever mate with other Garou or Kinfolk from other
tribes. Ironically, our dwindling gene pool causes many of
the defects that this tenet seeks to avoid. Breed purity is
especially important to our tribe's aristocracy, which main-
tains the most exclusive gene pools.

We've obeyed this tenet scrupulously throughout most
of our history; metis Silver Fangs were all but unknown
before the 18th century. Since that time, however, worsen-
ing situations have led some of us to turn to our own kind
for comfort and procreation. While these charachs are in
the vast minority, their number is growing. Offspring of
these unions are pariahs in most houses, and are particu-
larly unbalanced.


}

i

M)

.g

Ny} NN

Wdtil. N

Fim

Ji.
e

ih

li

s

w=

Combat the Wyrm Whenever it Dwells
and Wherever it Breeds

The Wyrm fears us as the Garou's leaders. Despite our
problems, we still make potent enemies. When we galva-
nize ourselves into acting as one, we're a war machine
capable of inflicting devastating damage to the Wyrm's
minions. When this happens, the other tribes tend to rally
around us. Unfortunately, they say it's difficult for them to
tell the difference between a serious Silver Fang assault and
one of our leader's latest delusions of grandeur. The Wyrm
and the Shadow Lords seek to confuse the issue, planting
false rumors against us. Although still strong against attack
from without, we suffer Wyrm-corruption from within.
Don't go blathering this to other tribes, though. It's an
internal matter and one we'll take care of ourselves.

Respect the Territory of Another

This an inviolate provision, simply because all territories
are technically ours. Our monarchs claim vast swaths of land
as protectorates. In the past we ruled in deed, administering
over these territories with the (often) willing cooperation of
the other tribes. Now our territorial claims fall short of our
reach. The other tribes have long held exclusive rights to their
territories; only our most delusional nobles dispute this any-
more. We have to respect the other tribes' territories for
practical reasons, and we expect them to behave likewise. We
still occasionally break up violent territorial disputes between
other tribes, sometimes by force.

Accept an Honorable Surrender

We adhere toa high tradition of honor in combat, one that
outsiders often misunderstand. Our codes regarding the accep-
tance of an honorable surrender are somewhat arcane, but I'm
sure the elders will drill them into you soon enough. The
intellectual underpinnings of these codes are similar to those
of medieval chivalry, though they stem from more ancient
(and feral) origins. We are keenly aware of the Garou's
dwindling numbers and usually spare those who surrender
honorably. Nevertheless, our hubris sometimes prevents us
from surrendering ourselves, since many consider defeat at the
hands ofan "inferior" dishonorable. We are, perhaps foolishly,
less likely to ask for quarter than to give it.

Submit to Those of Higher Station

This provision has been the basis of our authority and
power for millennia. Garou are, for the most part, hierar-
chical creatures, and have traditionally deferred to our
authority as the "alpha-tribe." Our athros teach our cliath
the traditions of hierarchy and the natural order of things.
In some respects rank transcends tribal affiliation and blue
blood. Our tribe views a Silver Fang of any rank to be of
higher station than a non-Fang of equal standing. Unfortu-
nately the other tribes don't always see things this way
anymore, and it occasionally leads to conflict.

31


ip
x

fre

@

Despite our tribe's superiority, our aristocracy does rec-
ognize the authority of the other tribes' leaders. Misbehave
in another tribe's caern and its elders will snip your ears just
like any other cub's. Don't come crying to me if it happens.

The First Share of the Kill
for the Greatest in Station

Most tribes cede us this right, even today. We may still
expect the first share of spoils on the strength of our blood,
though internal tribal rank also plays a role. A Silver Fang's
claim to the first share is usually equal to that of anon-Fang
(or in some cases two) who is ranks above him. Contrary to
Shadow Lord propaganda, we are traditionally generous in
victory and reward each according to genuine merit.

Ye Shall Not Eat the Flesh of Humans

As the arbiters of the Concord, we enforce this provision
vigorously. Just so there are no misunderstandings: We will
strictly and permanently penalize any Garou who violates
this tenet.

Respect for Those Beneath Ye —
All Are of Gaia

Despite charges to the contrary, our tribe upholds this
tenet fairly. In many ways | guess we still consider the other
tribes our children, unruly but still loved. Call it noblesse
oblige if you must, but it shapes much of our behavior toward

32 Silver Fangs

our subjects. Even during the height of our power, our hand
was seldom heavy or unjust. Most in the other tribes realize
this and, with a few notable exceptions, have not sought
retribution against us as we have fallen on hard times.

The Veil Shall Not Be Lifted

Asa tribe, we enforce the Veil. However, our record as
individuals has become increasingly erratic of late. Our
Harano and isolation have caused some of us to endanger
the Veil at the worst possible times. We react to such
breaches with either stern compassion or vengeful retribu-
tion, depending on the nature of the transgression.

(Do Not Suffer Thy People
to Tend Thy Sickness

Of all the Litany's provisions, this is the one we tend to
ignore most frequently. As many outsiders will attest, most
of us are "sick" in some manner. | don't care what that ad
campaign says, now is not "a great time to be silver." Mental
infirmity affects most of us to some degree; we have no
choice but to tend each other's wounds if we hope to
survive as a tribe. This has led some outsiders, most notably
the Get of Fenris, to conclude that our tribe coddles its
weak. Others, such as the Children of Gaia, approve of our
actions because they understand our plight. Many of us
view this de facto violation of the Litany as the civilized
prerogative of monarchy, superseding more "primitive"

L


feral notions of behavior. This might not always sit well
with your Garou instincts, but it's the way we do things.

The Leader Ma ay Be Challenged
At Any Cime (During Peace

This is a valid concept, but we support it only to a point.
A Silver Fang may challenge a Silver Fang during times of
peace, and other tribes may challenge their leaders. We do
not extend this right to our position as the leading tribe.
Our position on this is inviolate and eternal.

The Leader May Not Be Challenged
(During Wartime

This is a moot point, since the coming Apocalypse puts
us in a perpetual state of war. Most of the other tribes
continue to support us on the strength of this tenet, but
many also secretly believe that we are leading them to
disaster. Our competitors have sought to use this to turn the
other tribes against us. There is no shortage of contenders
for the role of alpha-tribe. The Shadow Lords are the most
public contenders, but they want it too badly. The Silver
Fangs may fall, but the Shadow Lords will precede us into
oblivion. The Get of Fenris are honorable contenders, but
I believe we need not fear them until the last days of the
Apocalypse. The Glass Walkers, Uktena and even the
Children of Gaia have a taste for power, though the last will
come to pass only if we defeat the Wyrm and enter a new
Dawn of Ages. One thing in our favor is that no other tribe
is even remotely qualified to take our place.

Ye Shall Take No Action
That Causes a Caern to be Violated

Because of past victories, we control a number of caerns
far out of proportion to our numbers. This affords us certain
tactical advantages. We therefore enforce this tenet of the
Litany more stringently than ever.

Our support of this rule is not wholly self-serving. Wyrm
violation of any Garou caern, even one belonging to the
Shadow Lords or Glass Walkers, means that Gaia dies a
little more. Our warriors have fallen in the defense of even
Bone Gnawer caerns. And that's as it should be; Gaia
expects no less from us.

Madness

Sometimes accidents happen in life from which we have need
of a little madness to extricate ourselves successfully.

— La Rochefoucauld, Maxims

I'm not trying to scare you, but I'm not going to sugarcoat
this, either. Our tribe is going mad and you aren't likely to

be an exception. Oh, there are madder creatures out there.
The Dancers, as well as the worst vampires, make us seem
like paragons of stability, but we're slipping away nonethe-
less. All of us have our moments of lucidity, and many of us
are rational most of the time. However, very few of us are
completely whole in mind and spirit.

Few of the other tribes realize how hard we struggle to
keep our grip on reality. We are a shadow of what we once
were. There is an old saying: "Those who cast a shadow
must stand in the light." So it is with us. The darkness in our
tribe is commensurate with our highest deeds. We know
the highs and lows of existence in a way that "protected"
Garou never will. | can only describe our madness as some
sort of malign undertow. You'll know what | mean when it
pulls you under.

Some of us are unbalanced from birth, but most of us
don't experience real problems until after our Firstings. I'm
sorry, but if you haven't experienced anything yet, you
probably soon will. When it happens, my advice is to seek
out another Fang or a Firebird-spirit to "talk you down."
Barring that, a Child of Gaia, Fianna or Stargazer will do in
a pinch, but we'll have to deprogram you afterward.

There are a few tricks that you can use to get around it
for a while. We Ahroun can overcome even Harano with
Rage when needed. You can't stave it off forever, but long
enough to get the job done. Our madness makes us more
susceptible to the Wyrm, but our madness is not of the
Wyrm.

Our madness may be the product of inbreeding, as most
Garou believe, but some Silver Fangs figure it comes from
a deeper, spiritual source. They think our tribe committed
some terrible sin in the past, and that Gaia decreed madness
as our spiritual atonement. They believe the only way to
cure the tribe is to address our transgression somehow. I'm
not sure which theory is right.

We can also contain, or at least channel, our madness
through our structure of codes and ceremonies. It is your
duty to battle your insanity, but dementia can work for you,
too. Our enemies and competitors rightly fear our madness,
and that has bought us some time.

What's more, it's the young ones like you, who haven't
seen too much and haven't fallen to the killing gloom, who
give hope to even the hoariest and most senile elders of the
tribe. Yeah, all eyes are on you, young lord. What did you
expect? You might be the one who finds the way out of our
private little asylums, or who drives away the Harano once
and for all. Then again, maybe not. But you still have to try.

Hey, cheer up and have another drink of whiskey, young
friend. We're not done for yet.

Chapter Two: Those Who Cast a Shadow 33

inion //,



a A"

] | j1aBa

‘LOT,

NEN
Tperpa: °
Yro_ LIpuodperer

 Saporoet Bech &
Mup?

\

hTO

World View

He that would govern others, first should be the master of
himself.
— Philip Massinger, The Bondman

Silver Fangs Around the World

You must be Stackwell's cub. Make yourself at home.
You may call me Alexandra. Yes, it is Russian, but I left
there long ago; your house has been good enough to give me
sanctuary. No, do not concern yourself with the mud on the
carpets. Mercer will take care of it.

I can tell by your general condition and the whiskey on
your breath that you have been with Martin Rothchild.
You aren't the first he has sent to me in this condition. It
seems I have my work cut out for me. You look surprised to
see a Fang of my advanced years. Yes, it is true that not many
of us not live long after 30. Gaia has blessed me with many
seasons to appreciate her cycles.

But first things first. My Kinfolk will tend to your arm
and that gash on your leg, and will do something about that
scratched cheek. You must also bathe and change. Being
Garou does not give one license for slovenliness. When all
that is complete, and we have had some lunch, I will begin

your instruction.
te té

Chapter Three: What Benefits It One to Gain the World?

Ah, much better. Iris seldom disappoints, and you were
charming company. Come. While they clear away the
dishes we will walk in the garden. It is a shame that you
cannot see it in spring, but I still find it delightful in winter.
The pond is frozen; look how it reflects Luna's grace.
Perhaps later I will show you the ice-spirits who live there.
Feel chat icy wind? It cuts you to the bone, but invigorates
as well.

Ah, and my roses. Look how their thorns glisten under
the coat of ice. No, don't go down that path! Those roses do
not like intruders, though they only react violently to
servants of the Wyrm. They caught a pair of fomori a few
months ago and gutted them quite cleanly. I removed the
bodies, of course — fomori make poor fertilizer. | learned
about plants and their qualities from my tutor in House
Wise Heart. The house is wise in Gaia's secrets, and I was
an apt pupil.

This brings us to you, cliath. You have begun a different
life from any you have ever known. You have new respon-
sibilities and cannot escape them if you wish to remain true
to your nature. Here, I shall tell you about the Seven, by
which | mean the Seven Great Houses of our tribe. I will
also touch briefly on the lost houses and the other Garou
tribes who are our subjects and charges. Then, if the hour
is not too late, | will tell you about some of the other
creatures abroad in the world. Hardly scratching the sur-
face, | know, but it shall have to suffice.

35


a3:

The 13 Houses

There were once 13 major houses in the Silver Fang
tribe, as well as several minor ones. Six of the houses
disappeared or died out over time; the true power of the
tribe lies with the seven that remain.

The Seven

Seven Silver Fang families currently guide our tribe's
destiny. A king or queen rules over each house, though in
the Motherland we called them tsar or tsarina. Each house
has its own distinct character and often-divergent agendas.
I fear the political turmoil created by the machinations of
these houses is reaching a boil.

The Gleaming Eye (Northern Europe)

Many consider members of this house calculating, ruth-
less and more than a little mad, even by Silver Fang
standards. It is certainly one of our more enigmatic houses.
Most members live in France, Germany or the Scandina-
vian countries. They have ruled with an iron grip since
before the Roman Empire. They are a power to be reckoned
with throughout most.of Europe, and the other tribes
disobey the Gleaming Eye's edicts at their peril.

Some rumor that the family ‘has'somehow fallen to the
Wyrm, but I believe the opposite is true. My messengers say
the house has successfully purged the last. of its Wyrm
elements, but that its leadership is now paranoid that other
houses are Wyrm- infested, and plots against them. This
would be consistent with what I know of the house's
character, which is of a paranoid bent. Alas, this paranoia
is not unjustified. The Gleaming Eye is one of the two most
powerful houses (the other being Wyrmfoe), and it has
begun to lash out at the other houses. So far these instances
have only resulted in skirmishes with House Wise Heart
and the Austere Howl.

The Gleaming Eye is on the Shadow Curtain's border
and fears that what happened in Russia will soon happen to
it. The house's ruler, Queen Anna de Provence, is a skilled
Theurge duelist and an enigma. Some say she has faerie
blood, though I discount these rumors. She is often absent
from house events, traveling the deep Umbra. Her equally
enigmatic brother, Calvin de Provence, rules in her ab-
sence.

The Unbreakable Hearth
(Canada and American Midwest)

The Unbreakable Hearth was originally a European
house, centered primarily in Spain, Italy and France. It fell
on hard times in Europe and its members were among the
first European Garou to emigrate to the New World. As
Europeans settled the Midwest and Canada, the Unbreak-
able Hearth was at their forefront, carving out large terri-
tories for itself. This sometimes brought the foreigners into


conflict with the native Red Talons and Wendigo, though
this enmity apparently cooled with time. The Unbreakable
Hearth's main purpose was to bea broker between ourselves
and the other tribes.

Many European Garou came to the Americas to get away
from the Old World's kings. Others, however, recognized
the need to uphold traditional Garou hierarchy in the New
World. However, Unbreakable Hearth did the unthink-
able by focusing its attention on urban centers. It now runs
successful businesses in: majot-metropolitan areas through-
out Canada and the Midwest. It is an "earthy" house, but
this has seemingly gained it the genuine respect of most
other tribes. ar

Once the most solid and reliable of the Seven, the
Unbreakable: Hearth is now in grave peril. It recently
suffered major setbacks in Chicago. Additionally, a series of
attacks by unknown forces destroyed one of its four main
caerns. Speculation about the attack runs wild. The house
leader, King Cyrus-the-Bald, has watriors abroad who are
trying to learn what happened. His advisors speculate that
Wyrm-corrupted mages, or even the Unseelie fae, may be
responsible.

The Unbroken Hearth has traditionally had strong
alliances with House Wyrmfoe and House Wise Heart.
Recently, however, the house turned insular to protect
itself from within. Cyrus-the-Bald is a competent king, but
I hear his situation is rapidly worsening.

The Blood Red Crest
(Asia and India)

Many think our tribe arose only in the West and in
Russia. It did not. The Blood Red Crest has been a re-
spected power in Asia and India for thousands of years.
Tribe members migrated east with the earliest humans,
settling in what are now India, Pakistan, China, Burma and
Vietnam. When European Garou colonized these regions,
the Crest supported them by breeding with the European
Fangs' stock. They then went back to running things their
way, though they incorporated elements of European style
in their manner.

Named for their ferocious fighting style, members of the
Blood Red Crest are a small bur potent force in the East.
They seem to understand the strange shapeshifters and
stranger vampires that live there, and are certainly the only
ones of our tribe that have successfully maintained a pres-
ence in the Orient. They sometimes remark that the
enemies they face would be unfamiliar to the rest of the
Fangs; more secrecy, I presume.

Their king, Palmarstan Nayar, is older than he looks. He
appears to be in his early 30s, but is really in his late 70s. (I
believe he made a bargain with a Firebird-spirit.) He has
some Renewalist sensibilities, but is also a staunch tradi-
tionalist. He is rousing his tribe from the Harano of his
predecessor's reign. Many Garou compare him to King

Albrecht.

}
eet ae

Wise Heart
(Mediterranean and Middle East)

Wise Heart is one of our oldest houses — and the most
mysterious. | once had a tutor from Wise Heart, but only
learned a small part of his lore.

As the name suggests, this is, perhaps, our most thought-
ful house. Wise Hearts are keepers of the Secret of Gaia,
and have many powerful Earth Gifts. These Garou tend to
be mendicant, traveling from region to region. They were
once powerful in ancient Italy and Greece, but their power
there is a thing of the past. They appear there only sporadi-
cally now, staging hit-and-run raids on the region's vampiric
overlords. :

Silver Fangs from. this family also appear in Turkey,
Georgia, Azerbaijan and Uzbekistan. They recently lost
one of their oldest bases, the Aral Sea Caern, to a major
Wyrm advance — the Shadow Curtain' around Russia
reached out and consumed the sacred place: This is a matter
of grave importance to-all Garou.

The house's leader, King Tariki, is from an ancient and
respected Mesopotamian dynasty. He maintains our tribe's
closest alliance with the Children of Karnak, and has allies
among a group of witch-Namers with some ties to Gaia.
King Tariki walks the line between life and death. Despite
his house's dedication to Gaia, Tariki is a patron of the
Ivory Priesthood and reputedly knows the Secret of Death.
He disappears into the Umbra for long periods, appearing
only occasionally to issue orders to his regent sons. He may

Chapter Three: What Benefits It One to Gain the World? 37

hw

ee

\ wl


\

even wander the Dark Umbra. He is an elusive leader; most
in our tribe do not know which way he will turn next.

Austere Howl (Great Britain)

My agents say the Austere Howl is Wyrm-tainted and in
a state of near civil war. This was once the most powerful
and honorable of houses, but its power declined along with
the British Empire.

Indeed, its fortunes have fallen precipitously in the 20th
century. I fear the Garou's disappointment with their fate
turned to bitterness and Harano. They ‘wete ripe for the
picking and the Defiler Wyrm has sundered their house in
two. Two kings have died on the throne in the last three
years, and their current leader, Queen Mary, isa young and
inexperienced Scottish A . She is the daughter of the
last king and is trying to rally her house's Bl elements
against several powerful Wyrm

Both factions.try to kee their power series quiet, but
word is leaking to the t of the tribe, | hear Queen Mary
is trying to enlist the aid of Silver Fangs from other houses.
Few among the common tribes know about the blood bath
occurring in Silver Fang matiors throughout the protector-
ate.

Despite its division and dwindling numbers, the Austere
Howl is still a potent force and has members throughout
Great Britain. They live primarily in Dover, Bath, Edinburgh
and Dublin. The house maintains a large caern near Lon-
don and has a surprising number of them in Wales.

Silver Fangs

a

Wyrmtoe (American Northeast)

House Wyrmfoe is our youngest and claims the Ameri-
can Northeast as its protectorate. The family is strongest in
the countryside surrounding Philadelphia, Boston, New
York and Washington.

The house arose in England, France and Spain in the
mid-1300s, about a century before the discovery of the New
World. | am sure the house's emergence caused quite a
commotion, yet the circumstances behind its foundation
are unclear. It seems to have been born from the chaos of
the Inquisition, and appeared at the moment when the
Garou needed it most. .

Since Wyrmfoe Garou were hailed as heroes by the
common tribes, the Gleaming Eye and Austere Howl had
little choice but to recognize their claim to power. The
elders were, perhaps justifiably, concerned about the up-
start house's intentions, but need not have worried. Shortly
after the discovery of the New World, Wyrmfoe left Europe
en masse. Indeed, as the house left Europe, it drew members
away from many otk houses, and even from some other
tribes. These diverse nfluences: are still ac Work within the
family today. ae

Despite i its early te mphs, House Wyrmfoe has suffered
Harang more severe! than any other. At first the family

fects a See during the two
s degraded steadily since the

of Harano ‘appeare.
world wars, and the family
1950s.

Jacob Morningkill became king shortly after World War
Two and was initially a just and vigorous ruler. Many hoped
that he might restore our tribe's lost spirit and direction.
During the early part of his reign House Wyrmfoe proved
adept at getting its Kinfolk into several nascent United
States and Canadian intelligence organizations. (Few Ga-
rou realize just how important a role they have played in
keeping the Veil intact.) Unfortunately King Morningkill's
sanity faded along with his youth. He and much of his house
fell into indolent shambles until a Black Spiral pack killed
him in a sneak attack on his North Country Caern. The
throne lay empty but contested.

Arkady, a Wyrm-tainted Ahroun from House Crescent,
was one claimant to the throne. Albrecht Morningkill,
Jacob's estranged grandson, was the other. | know little of
what happened next, but Albrecht surfaced with our tribe's
greatest fetish — the Silver Crown! This naturally assured
his kingship, and the new king has since reached out to the
other tribes. Some have even responded, including the
Black Furies, Children of Gaia, Fianna and Glass Walkers.
Even our tribe's harshest critics concede that American
Fangs are "getting their act together." No one knows how
long this will last, but with the Apocalypse so near it may
not have to be for long.

4


Crescent Moon (Russia)

I was born to this house. How long ago only modesty
prevents me from revealing. The Crescent Moon is the
oldest Silver Fang house still in existence, though House
Wise Heart and the Blood Red Crest contest this claim. We
were the deciding voice in both the Impergium and the
Concord, and led the War of Rage. We ruled with strength
and wisdom for thousands of years, our lineage leading back
to the Dawn of Ages. Yet some believe that as our glory
soared, something dangerous took root. Perhaps it was a
seed planted during the War of Rage or by excesses during
the Impergium, but they consider House Crescent the
source of our tribe's "original sin."

Despite these caveats, most concede that we were one of
the Wyrm's fiercest enemies. Great House Crescent names
such as Aleking Axeclaw and Queen Viladus tower in
Garou legend. We imprisoned Koshchei the Wyrm Talon,
freeing Gaia from its blight. In more recent centuries Yuri
and Sophia Tvarivich (along with Garou from other tribes)
slew the Zmei Sharkala, one of the Wyrm's most powerful
servitors. Yet with each victory, the Wyrm returned stron-
ger than before. Indeed, its constant attacks almost broke
our house after World War One.

Now House Crescent "rules" over a despairing, perhaps
doomed land. The Wyrm has turned most of Russia into a
wasteland. Vampires undid our power in the human world
during the Revolution, unwittingly signing their own death
warrant when the Shadow Curtain rose in 1991. House
Crescent and the other Russian Garou fought fiercely, but
lost the war against the Wyrm when Russia's supernatural
borders were sealed.

Most in my house prefer to tell stories of past glory rather
than attend the present menace. Our ruler, Tsar Nicholai
Ivanovich, was delusional and paranoid, even more so than
Jacob Morningkill. He dissolved the Lodge of the Sun,
banishing its members to other countries (for which many
of them are now grateful). The king's Silver Claw pack still
supported him before we lost contact with Russia, as did the
Get of Fenris, but even they were losing patience with our
failing monarch. When last seen before the Shadow Cur-
tain fell, he was directing grand offensives with nonexist-
ent troops.

The fall of House Crescent is one of the great tragedies
of this age. Crescent Garou are on their last legs, staggering
beneath the twin yokes of hubris and Harano. Even before
the Shadow Curtain fell, some were turning to the Wyrm.
That was in 1991. Who knows what has happened since
that time? The other houses attempt to find out, but so far
there is little news, and what we do hear is disturbing. Most
believe the tsar must be dead by now. Many think he
brought the house crashing down with him. My only hope
is that his niece Tatiana has somehow taken the throne.

The Lost Houses

Our tribe had many houses, great and small, in our most
glorious days. Most of these died out, disappeared into the
Umbra or slipped into obscurity. Of these, we still remem-
ber six.

Conquering Claw (Mediterranean)

The Conquering Claw was an honorable but warlike
house, and was the only Silver Fang family to thrive in
imperial Rome. While other Garou fled the city, the
Conquering Claw embraced the Pax Romana. The Garou
reasoned that if the Concord was truly right, then a well-
positioned power could use the mighty empire to guide and,
when necessary, pacify the human race.

Many consider their efforts to have been a noble failure.
Roman vampires overwhelmed them. They regained some
of their prestige in Italy by forming banking families, but
could never escape the Harano that descended after defeat
in Rome. In the end the Claw's martial tendencies turned
inward, undoing the house during the Renaissance. A few
claimants to this line surface periodically, but none have
protectorates.

The Unknown (Russia and Europe)

None of us know, or wish to know, the name of the house
that died during the War of Rage. No history records its
name. Most modern Garou consider the house a fairy tale
or more Shadow Lord slander.

One legend concerns the house's role in the extermina-
tion of an entire skinchanger race. Other tribes are evasive
when discussing this period. Certainly all Garou of that age
were guilty of a great crime, but in a war of horrors this
house went beyond the pale. Hunting the last of a dying
race for sport, the creatures' cruelty knew no bounds. They
were almost certainly Wyrm-corrupt. Most believe that
Gaia, outraged, expelled them from the Earth in a natural
disaster, many say a storm.

The Jee Pack (Morthern Europe,
Russia and America)

{ remember stories of the Ice Pack from my childhood in
Russia. Many lupus Silver Fangs ran far afield from their
Kinfolk, especially in the Scandinavian countries and
northern Russia. | believe some even passed over the
Bering land bridge at the time of the Exodus, and played a
small role in Wendigo legends.

The Ice Pack supposedly lives apart from the rest of us,
though it evidently maintains cordial relations with north-
ern Red Talons. Most Garou see it as a pack of phantom
white wolves that tears at the Wyrm with steel reeth, and
disappears onto invisible Moon Bridges. Certainly the
Wyrm-spawn of the north seem to fear the pack like few

Chapter Three: What Benefits It One to Gain the World? 39


A

{ me 4 ——

ae OA

others. Rumors of its extinction spread from time to time,
but the Ice Pack always resurfaces in spectacular fashion to
lay these rumors to rest.

The pack had no part in the War of Rage, and has
seemingly the Harano that too often grips the rest of our
tribe. They are, perhaps, the purest of us all. Legends say
that lupus who join this pack become free of their madness.
Silver Fang lupus are often drawn to the Ice Pack, some-
times traveling thousands of miles to find it.

Winter Snow
(Great Britain, France and Holland)

The Winter Snow is another example of our tribe's
failures, one that many modern Garou point to as evidence
of our tribe at its worst.

During the 17th century, King Aaron Everstone sought
the Silver Crown to battle the Black Spiral Dancers that
plagued his kingdom. When he found the crown he alleg-
edly became drunk with power, turning it on the Get of
Fenris and Fianna to force their obedience. War broke out
among the three tribes. Everstone's madness eventually
lifted, but too late. His house was victorious, but without
the other tribes the Black Spirals swarmed throughout
much of England. The king and his house faded away,
suffering from Harano and remorse. Some say members of
the Winter Snow now live in the Deep Umbra, transformed
into sorrowful silver birches, forever denied the Summer

Lands.

The Silver Spiral

The Silver Spiral is not a true house, but a generic term
for any Silver Fang who has joined the Wyrm. Some of our
tribe have gone over to the Wyrm since the fall of Rome
and have formed an elite cabal among the Wyrm's ranks.
Fortunately these traitors are rare.

When a Silver Fang treads the Black Spiral labyrinth,
the Wyrm makes a high place for him. These traitors bring
their own brand of madness to the Black Spirals, and are
sadistic even by that tribe's twisted standards. Traitors'
leadership skills and knowledge of our defenses have proven
invaluable to the Wyrm, though Wyrm creatures of low
status apparently fear and distrust these generals.

The Silver Spiral draws most of its recent initiates from
House Crescent and the Austere Howl. In accordance with
the Litany, eating human flesh is one of our absolute

shibboleths. Thus the Wyrm forces new Silver Spirals to
eat human flesh during their rites of passage. Some develop
a permanent taste for it. It is our sacred duty to wipe these
abominations from Gaia's face.

The Golden Sky

Our Philodox disagree as to which family is older, the
Crescent Moon or the Golden Sky. Most acknowledge,
however, that only one survived.

Y


The Golden Sky was our tribe's greatest pride. It was to
the Silver Fangs what we once were to the other tribes, or
so the story goes. The house embodied all the highest
virtues of the warrior-monarchs of Gaia. They were brave,
honorable and just. They led the tribes in war and peace,
losing an occasional battle, but never the other tribes'
respect. Legends describe them as the closest family to
Falcon and Helios; there was always a rivalry between them
and the Luna-consecrated House Crescent. This rivalry
apparently erupted into bloodshed more than once, but
then the Golden Sky disappeared.

No one knows what happened to the Golden Sky. They
and their Kinfolk vanished almost overnight, distributing
their worldly goods among the other Garou before they left.
Most believe they migrated into the Deep Umbra on a
secret errand for Falcon. Stories of their passing have come
from as far away as the Aetherial Realm and Arcadia Gate.
Some believe the Golden Sky have been preparing and
purifying themselves for the Apocalypse, that their return
is imminent. Most Garou consider these sentiments

more colorful examples of our tribe's dementia.

The Garou NYation

Not the least of the qualities that go into the making of a great
ruler is the ability of letting others serve him.

— Cardinal Richelieu, Political Testament

Our power has diminished significantly in recent centu-
ties, but the other tribes still look to us for leadership.
Despite our partial abdication of these responsibilities,
there are many reasons why we maintain our power. No
other tribe has our experience, nor our natural affinity for
command. Few wish for such a burden, and those who do
(namely the Shadow Lords) are so villainous that the other
tribes would never give them the crown.

Yet it is no secret that our leadership has fallen on hard
times. The lesser tribes judge each other less harshly, while
holding us toa higher standard. Still, as they judge us, so too
may we cast judgment upon them. The listing of one's
friends and foes has always been a prerogative of the crown.

Black Furies

The Furies are by turns gentle and loving, scholarly and
introspective — and the bloodthirsty Maenads of antig-
uity. If you are on their side, this ferocity is an undeniable
advantage. The Furies are aware of the stakes in our fight
and do not take prisoners. Most of them seem to think of
our tribe as some sort of "antiquated patriarchy." It's our
system of kingdoms, I suppose. This is a notion they usually
discard once they meet a few female Silver Fangs, though.
We have had a long and often mixed history with this tribe.
Nevertheless, it has sided with us more often than not,
thank Luna.


@one Gnawers

The Wyrm is strongest in the cities and sewers where the
Bone Gnawers live, yet they survive. This may be a testa-
ment to their evolutionary fitness, but one must realize that
survival alone is not enough. If they diminish what they are
to stay alive, then they become something less than human
ot Garou. They are also a danger from a practical stand-
point. Their destitution and survival-at-any-cost mental-
ity make them prime candidates for corruption by the
Wyrm or our tribal rivals.

It is only natural that they, who inhabit the lowest rung
of Garou society, resent we who inhabit its highest. They
have always resented us, despite our efforts to improve their
regrettable condition. Perhaps I am uncharitable. As the
Apocalypse draws near, more Fangs will have to get their
paws dirty. When this happens we may well have to depend
on the Bone Gnawers' dubious goodwill.

Children of Gaia

Many see the Children of Gaia as a tribe without
blemish. If we measure good intentions alone, perhaps this
is true. They, like us, are a reminder that a better world is
possible. But if we cannot question their motives, their
judgment is another matter. We are at war with an intrac-

ath NY

[7

table and inimical foe. Perhaps there was once a "Wyrm of
Balance," but no longer. The forces we battle do not need
compassion, understanding or healing, only a klaive to the
jugular. The Children have their place, but as events in
Russia prove, it is not in our war council.

Fianna

This worthy if unpredictable tribe reminds us why we
fight. As nobles and builders, we have always understaad
and patronized the Fianna in their art. They have an
appreciation for the higher virtues that few but we can
comprehend. Their beautiful melodies soothe our troubled
brows as few other things can. (This makes unscrupulous
Fianna very dangerous to us.)

Still, there are more practical reasons for keeping faith in
this admirable tribe. The first is, admittedly, its potential as
anenemy. When King Everstone turned against the Fianna,
their satires turned many of the other tribes against us. We
must not underestimate their value as propagandists. A
Fianna song has far more power to move the Garou spirit
than does the most cleverly wrought Shadow Lord slander.
Perhaps more important is the Fianna's connection to the
fae, particularly the nobility. If we are to reforge our ancient
ties with the sidhe, the Fianna will be indispensable.

\%

il

iy


Get of Fenris

The Get of Fenris have been our most valued allies and
most persistent competitors. We understand and respect
their martial prowess. We are one of the very few tribes who
can go toe to toe with them, and we have clashed with them
before. Inevitably these battles pit our finesse against their
sheer brute strength. The jury is still out on which is more
effective. Our tribe realizes there is little to gain and
everything to lose in such skirmishes. We can no longer
take their loyalty for granted, but do not have anywhere
else to go.

Many Get now consider us mere figureheads. Let them.
They do not understand our methods and a figurehead still
has worth in their limited tactical view of things. They will
continue to support us, and we will continue to guide their
actions. You could not ask for a better or more loyal friend
than a Get. Despite occasional rhetoric to the contrary, the
tribe's leadership realizes that we are their only hope.

Glass Walkers

The Weaver constitutes one-third of the Triat, yet only
one of the 13 tribes dedicated to Gaia knows much about
it. There is a reason for this ignorance, of course. The
Weaver causes many of our problems. It stultifies and
imprisons Gaia ina glistening web of steel and glass, paving
the way for the Wyrm. Ifthe Wyrm is triumphant, however,
the Weaver will ultimately fare no betrer than the Wyld.
The fragile constructs of humanity cannot long withstand
the Wyrm's corruption, except in the most diminished
capacity. The Glass Walkers realize this and battle the
Wyrm in their own way. Our tribe has lived in cities and
dealt with the Children of Karnak enough to realize that
there is some logic to the Glass Walkers' plan.

Not even the most Weaver-enthralled Garou created
the cities, but merely learned to adapt to them. The
technological genie is out of the bottle and we Garou are
too few to change this, despite what the Red Talons think.
The Wyrm often enslaves Weaver-spirits, yet few have
sympathy for these poor creatures as the spirits are blamed
for the Wyrm's ascendance. However, if properly em-
ployed, the geometric hegemony of the Weaver can be just
as dangerous to the Wyrm as the cleansing powers of the
Wyld. If nothing else, it is tactically sound to ally with
Garou who know something of these forces.

Red Talons

Many in our tribe believe the Red Talons are of no
concern because they are "not sophisticated enough to plot
against us." A tribal rather than a breed prejudice, I sup-
pose, since we hold our own lupus in such high regard.
Though a Red Talon would tear your throat out for saying
so, the tribe is of an ideological bent. The Talons long for
areturn to the Impergium and the control — or elimination
— of humanity.

Chapter

They are more disciplined and intelligent than they first
appear. They wiped out the Russian Children of Gaia and
we did not lift a hand against them. Despite our basic
philosophical differences, they have rarely seen fit to chal-
lenge our rule. Therefore, respect their autonomy. In the
days before the Apocalypse, they are the last martial bellow
of the dying Wyld, a primal force of nature. Fortunately the
lupus of our Ice Pack have seen fit to deal with them for us.
But, of course, this does not prevent individual Talons from
challenging our rule when we violate their traditions. They
have never completely forgiven us for our cessation of the
Impergium.

Shadow Lords

If the Shadow Lords are the "dagger at our throats," it is
one of iron, not silver. They twiddle their mustaches,
entertain a philosophy of "villainy as a virtue" and scheme
to take our rightful place as leaders of the Garou. They
overestimate their power and cleverness. They underesti-
mate our resolve and knowledge of their tricks. We know
them of old.

The other tribes may have lost some respect for us over
the centuries, but not enough for them to place their fates
in the hands of these Wyrm-addled fools. The Lords under-
estimate and scorn the other tribes at every turn, viewing
each as an enemy or a tool. How, then, do they think to win
the tribes' loyalty if they overthrow us?

We can always depend on the Shadow Lords to seek a
dishonorable advantage in times of crisis; they can always
depend on us to send them scuttling back to their lairs. If
the Silver Fangs fall, it will nor be because of the likes of the
Shadow Lords.

Having said all this, remember that even an iron dagger
can cause pain. Never underestimate the Lords' propensity
for deception. They, like us, are political creatures and not
without resources. If a Shadow Lord speaks, question his
motives — repeatedly. They are in a unique position to
cause mischief, at least until we expose them once and for

all.
Silent Striders

The Silent Striders know the Secret of Death, as we do.
Perhaps they are our masters in this arena. They maintain
far more of a presence in the Dark Umbra than we do, and
know many more of its secrets. Death is part of Gaia's
balance, and we understand the Striders better than most
tribes do, in this regard at least.

Their mendicant nature takes them to the far corners of
the Tellurian, making them one of our most experienced
tribes. They have been both trusted councilors and perni-
cious gadflies. Despite their dark demeanors, they are
dedicated enemies of the Wyrm; we need have no fear on
this front at least.

Additionally, our House of the Wise Heart controls
something which the Silent Striders desire: access to their


A
Ly

Egyptian homeland. Our spirit-allies, the Children of
Karnak, guard the oldest known temple to Helios in that
land. We are not without influence there. The lore we
attempt to bring the Striders from Egypt ameliorates any
jealousy they may have for our access to their native land.
As the Apocalypse nears, Silent Strider presence is neces-
sary to reawaken the lost secrets of the oldest Garou
homelands.

Stargazers

The Stargazers have always maintained a distinct degree
of freedom from our rule, more so than even the Striders, for
who can govern the spirit? We are the Stargazers' spiritual
brothers in many ways. Both our tribes wrestle with the
high philosophies of morality: the paths of Helios and
Luna.

Yet there has always been an unspoken jealousy in our
tribe for their superiority in these spheres. What comes
naturally to us because of celestial favor, they have learned
through aptitude and rarefied spiritual experience. Many of
them also have a serenity and peace of mind that we will
never know. Disgusting, isn't it? Unshackled from the
burdens of command, they have explored realms as dispar-
ate as philosophy, the martial arts and the Deep Umbra. We
understand the Stargazers as well as any other tribe could,
but they are still an enigma.

And, speaking of which...

Uktena

The Uktena are a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an
enigma. They are as elevated a tribe as the Stargazers or the
Silent Striders, and almost as irascible as the Shadow Lords
-— an unfortunate combination. Thank Luna they have
never turned their eye toward the crown.

Their main concern is the spiritual realm, a fact that
makes them dangerous enough. They are highly secretive
and generally rebuke any overtures we make to them. They
acknowledge our leadership after a fashion, but seldom
come under our sway, helping or harrying us as they see fit.
There seems to be little evidence of Wyrm-taint on them,
but then they may be adept at hiding such things. When
push comes to shove, they usually cede to our authority.
Watch, wait and try to cultivate the Uktena.

Wendigo

The Wendigo are extremely deadly when aroused. We
learned that the hard way during the colonization of the
New World. Ironically, they do not seem to hate us as much
as many other European tribes do. Most of them really are
what they appear to be: wise if somewhat tragic.

Despite their reputation as "Pure Ones," the Wendigo
are not without faults or spiritual wounds. Their past
defeats have left many of them bitter and full of Harano.
Wyrm-toxins such as alcohol and tobacco are widespread
among them. The Wendigo are honorable in their way, but
this makes them no less dangerous to us. If they turn against
us, their anger will surely be cold and unrelenting as the
winters of our homeland.

The Others
The Kindred

Vampires are our natural enemies, and most serve the
Wyrm. We will neither forgive nor forget their perfidy in
Russia. Without question, these creatures are not to be
trusted. ~

Unfortunately there are times when we, as leaders of the
Garou, must meet with vampires on civilized terms. De-
spite their debased state, not all vampires are an equal
threat to the Garou. We cannot afford to waste our strength
against them all in useless melees when there are greater
threats abroad. Most of our meetings with them are in-
tended to establish territorial boundaries.

If you must deal with vampires, those called Ventrue are
your best bet for a civilized discussion. | am loathe to call
them our counterparts, but they are of the aristocracy and
follow traditional rules of engagement. Many of them have
some sort of honor code, but beware of the distinctions
between a leech's honor and that of the Garou. Even an
"honorable" vampire will construct a rationale to betray
you if he thinks it serves his cause.

Mages

Look to the Triat if you want to fit the thousand-and-one
mage factions into a familiar paradigm. Individual Namers
draw their powers from many sources, but most fall into one
of three major political categories. There are servitors of
the Wyrm called the Nephandi. These Wyrm-mages have
formed unwholesome alliances with the Black Spiral Danc-
ers and are almost certainly a force behind our enemies in
Pentex. They have harried our line for millennia. Our
feelings toward them run a short spectrum from deep hatred
to utter loathing.

The Technocracy isan extremely potent cabal of Weaver-
magi. They are foes of the Nephandi and seek to employ the
Weaver as a bulwark against the Wyrm. Unfortunately the
Wyrm is adept at corrupting the Weaver. Can't they sense
that they are building their own mausoleum? Their Weaver-
spun, ultraconformist views also brand us, and other super-
natural creatures, as "reality criminals." We do not fit their

Silver Fangs

ete ian emiemay //


ty

antiseptic world view. Mages of this order seek to erase us
from the Tellurian to enforce their notion of reality.

The third force in this triat represents the Wyld in so
much as it is the "wild card" in the mage wars. These
"Tradition" mages have varying agendas and powers, but
some of them have been our allies in the past. The witches
and shamans among them often prove to be friends of Gaia;
some even travel the Umbra and ally with spirits, which
implies they share some of the Mother's grace.

The Restless

Neither I, nor anyone else in this tribe, would presume
to speak for the Ivory Priesthood on this matter. Our tribe
has more contact with the restless dead than any other
except the Silent Striders, but still we know little. | think
we have all felt the chill in the Penumbra when the Restless
pass. The Apocalypse ripples through the Dark Umbra.
Let's leave it at that.

Changelings

In ages past we parleyed with the Seelie nobility, mon-
arch to monarch; we rarely crossed swords, even in the
worst of times. We can work with these people. Our best
hope for reforming these ancient links lie with the Fianna.
Several sidhe ambassadors recently visited King Albrecht's
caern. | am hopeful for a breakthrough.

Unfortunately, where there are Seelie, there are Unseelie.
The Unseelie fae are twisted in spirit and often in form —
yet they do not always stink of the Wyrm so much as the
Wyld. Nevertheless, if you are familiar with Celtic mythol-
ogy, the fae also battled an inimical race of monsters called
the Fomorians. These creatures' name and physiognomy
are too close to the Wyrm's fomori for comfort. If the
Fianna know anything about this they are reticent to share
it, and the Fianna that chooses restraint is enough of an
oddity to worry me.

Chapter Three: What Benefits It One to Gain the World? 45



ne A"

LY,

pisiovkKeHHe
| leppoe:
‘Lapckasa Pyka'

The Silver Fangs draw on traditions almost as old as
humanity itself. Their totem, Falcon, while remote and un-
knowable, is still more accessible chan the totems of many
other tribes. Falcon and his brood have become more active of
late, reinvigorating the hard-pressed tribe. This section pro-
vides information on the Silver Fangs' tribal weaknesses,
Abilities, Gifts, rites, Fetishes, Merits and Flaws.

Tribal Weaknesses

The first Werewolf Tribebook introduced an optional
rule: Tribal Weaknesses. These are quirks that each mem-
ber of a particular tribe possesses due to some characteristic
of the tribe — in this case, the madness caused by the Silver
Fangs' decline. These rules are completely optional, but
can help draw a character's tribe more into focus. For
additional rules on Tribal Weaknesses see the Werewolf
Storytellers Handbook and other Tribebooks.

Derangement

Silver Fang blood is not as pure as it once was, perhaps
due to years of inbreeding with limited numbers of Kinfolk.
Each Silver Fang has a Derangement, regardless of the
degree of Pure Breed she possesses. Metis sometimes possess
multiple Derangements, but the Storyteller shouldn't force
a player to take more than one Derangement as punish-
ment for choosing a particular breed.

Generally speaking, when a Silver Fangis inastressful situation,
the Storyteller can call for her player to make a Willpower roll;

failure indicates that the Garou is overcome by her madness
(usually for the duration of the scene). This is usually highly
inconvenient for the werewolf, although it does make for prime
roleplaying opportunities. If the player likes, she can spend a
Willpower point to ignore the demands of her Derangement fora
turn. The following is a list of sample Derangements; players and
Storytellers are welcome to devise more.

Amnesia — The Garou forgets who she is in highly
stressful or traumatic situations.

Ennui— The Garou with this Derangement bores easily
and is often completely jaded. Not even the most intense
emotions or events faze her.

Intellectualization —- The Garou analyzes everything
compulsively and blocks out as many emotions as possible.
When the supernatural shatters this fragile world of facts,
the rationalist loses all control. This Derangement is suf-
fered predominantly by members of the Sun Lodge.

Isolation — The werewolf distances herself from her
companions, becoming reticent and uncommunicative.
She will not communicate with even her packmates in any
fashion more complicated than a terse wave or surly grunt.

Manic-Depression — The manic-depressive suffers from
wild mood swings ranging from total bliss to complete despair.

Multiple Personalities —_ The Garou has a number of
different personalities and may switch his name as each come
to the fore. Nature and Demeanor may also change during
times of great stress. Some personalities may even behave as if

Appendix One: The Hand of the King 47


they belong to different tribes or auspices. Most Garou look on
victims of this disorder more compassionately than humans
do, perceiving it as a sign of Luna's touch.

Obsession — Garou with this Derangement tend to
latch onto someone or something and the object becomes
the focal point of life.

Paranoia — The Garou sees the Wyrm's influence in
everything and wonders why others can't see it too. Perhaps
the Wyrm has corrupted them as well...

Perfection — The perfectionist works hard to keep
everything in her life precise at all times. She uses all of her
energy to prevent things from going wrong and may frenzy
if things don't go as she plans.

Power Madness — Garou with this Derangement must
have control and dominance over others.

Regression — Garou with this Derangement tend to
revert to childlike behavior during times of.extreme stress.

Vengeful — If someone "wrongs" a Garou with this
Derangement, he becomes obsessed with retribution.

Merits and Flaws

Notable H eritage
(2 pt Garou Ties Merit)

You come froma ‘distinguished family, even by Silver Fang
standards. Your family epitomizes the high ideals of your tribe
by word and deed. This is not Pure Breed; the noblest families
may be of humble birth. Most Garou who know of your family
respect it. Youare at -1 difficulty to all Social rolls dealing with
Garou who are aware of your family's reputation.

This Merit also confers noble titles on Silver Fangs from
countries with monarchical traditions. In countries such as the
United States, Garou may be members of the "first families,"
and are on all the social lists. This Merit does not confer any
property. Few Garou still recognize the heraldic aspects of this
Merit, but a title and noble family name go a long way toward
impressing other monarchical groups in the World of Dark-
ness (including the Ventrue, sidhe and Children of Karnak).

Hubris (3 pt Psychological Flaw)

Hubris is not just overconfidence, but overweening pride
and arrogance. You view the "lesser tribes" with a haughty and
judgmental stare. They, in return, are "jealous and petty" when
dealing with you. You believe that you have a great destiny,
that the Celestines blessed you upon birth. This may be true,
but youare still asnob. Most Garou consider youan egotistical,
self-centered elitist; even other Silver Fangs chastise you for
your presumption. You suffer all the penalties of the Over-
Confident Flaw (see The Werewolf Players Guide), but
receive no points for that Flaw. What's more, your arrogance
makes you unpopular and you suffer +2 difficulty on all Social
rolls when dealing with "social inferiors."

Silver Fangs

Harano (5 pt Flaw)

Garou of any tribe may suffer from the dread associated
with Harano, but Silver Fangs are particularly noted for
carrying this great weight. Harano is an inexplicable gloom
and inexpressible longing for unnamable things; some say
it is caused by contemplation of Gaia's suffering. Garou
who suffer from Harano are prone to depression, lassitude
and sudden mood swings. They may not act at all or may
explode into intense but ill-advised activity.

A player whose character suffers from Harano must
make a Willpower roll each scene; if the roll fails, the Garou
plunges into Harano. While a Silver Fang suffers from
Harano, his perceptions are distorted, and all Dice Pools are
reduced by one. If the Willpower roll botches, the character
acquires a temporary Derangement (see below).

Those who suffer from Harano may also have moments
of lucidity with the expenditure of a Willpower point. This

_ lifts the gloom for as many hours as a character has perma-

nent Willpower. Harano may also be dispelled with some
Gifts (again, see below). Harano is not necessarily perma-
nent — extraordinary Silver Fangs may free themselves
from its grip after exceptional travails.

Some Garou believe that the Silver Fangs' burden of
Harano is greater than others' because the Fangs in some
way did more to cause Gaia's suffering than did the other
tribes. Proposing such a theory is enough to provoke a
violent response from some Fangs; most are wise enough to
keep silent on this matter.

Abilities
Silver Fangs do not receive new Abilities, but the Story-

teller may wish to apply an optional rule to reflect the Fangs'
long traditions and practiced techniques of klaive-dueling.

Melee (Optional Fencing Rules)

The Silver Fang tribe possesses an unusually high number
ofklaives. Some of the world's greatest swordmasters are Silver
Fangs, and have a fencing style uniquely their own. Some
Western Fangs choose to use more slender klaives, while some
Eastern Fangs use weapons with a slight curve to the blade.
Still, most Fangs favor the traditional style ofklaive and Grand
Klaive that has endured for millennia.

Silver Fang tactics tend toward grand, sweeping thrusts,
favoring offense over defense (-1 difficulty to all sword attacks,
-] die when parrying or dodging in hand-to-hand combat). If
the Storyteller decides to allow this rule, the individual player
decides whether her character uses this style.

Gifts

Silver Fangs receive their Gifts from a wide and some-
what eclectic array of sources. The spirit-teachers listed
here are from Werewolf: The Apocalypse and Axis Mundi:
The Book of Spirits. -


General Gifts

* Eye of the Falcon (Level One} — This Gift allows the
Garou to see long distances with the acuity ofa falcon. It is
taught by any of Falcon's brood.

System: All visual Perception, Alertness and long-
range weapon rolls are at -1 difficulty. This Gift costs one
Gnosis point per scene to use.

* Ice Dance (Level One) — The werewolf can move on
ice and snow with supernatural grace and speed.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point to activate this
Gift for one day. This is a Gift of balance; Philodox are
especially adept at this art. All Dexterity rolls are -1 difficulty
while on ice or snow (-2 for Philodox), and a Garou can run
at normal speeds through even the deepest snow and on the
slickest ice. A Philodox running on ice can double his normal
speed. An Ice Elemental teaches this-Gift.

¢ Reason (Level Two) — The Silver Fang who uses this
Gift may temporarily free himself from Harano and De-
rangements. This Gift may also be used to partially defend
against all sanity-endangering attacks. Examples of such
attacks include the Galliard Gift: Headgames, the Malkavian
Dementation Discipline and invasive uses of Mind magick.
A Firebird-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player must spend a Gnosis point and roll
Willpower (difficulty 7). The Garou overcomes all mental
dysfunctions for a number of scenes equal to the number of
successes rolled. All psychic attacks against the Garou's sanity
are reduced by one die. If the player botches the roll, the
character's dementia becomes painfully intense for a day.

* Talons of Falcon (Level Three) — This deadly Gift
turns the Garou's claws into impaling weapons, allowing her
to cut muscle, bone and sinew as if it were paper. Combined
with the Gift: Razor Claws, this is a truly devastating attack. A
falcon of the Great Flock teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and makes the
usual Dexterity + Brawl roll to attack. The Garou makes a
screeching sound like that of a bird of prey as she strikes. The
attack does Strength +3 damage and all healing powers (such
as Mother's Touch) are at +1 difficulty to treat the wound.

© The Secret of Gaia (Level Five) — When the Great
White Wolf died to save Gaia, he learned her secrets. The
nature of the actual "Secret of Gaia" is obscure, but few
question that the Silver Fangs have a deep and ancient
connection with the Earth Mother. This Gift is a powerful
aspect of this relationship.

The Garou who uses this Gift becomes completely aware
of her immediate vicinity in vivid detail. The Fang is aware
of the area's topography, wildlife and the local spirit popu-
lation. The Silver Fang also becomes aware of Gaia's
condition in the area, but in a very general sense — Gaia
is pained, feels trapped, whatever.

An avatar of Gaia teaches this Gift, but only to the worthy.
Silver Fangs of any auspice may learn it, but it is most common.
among Theurges and those of House Wise Heart.

System: The Secret of Gaia is a more powerful version
of the Theurge Gifts: Spirit Speech and Pulse of the
Invisible. The player rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7) and spends
one point of Gnosis to activate this Gift. The Garou
becomes preternaturally aware ofa one-mile radius for each
success, almost becoming part of it. The Garou can auto-
matically see into the Penumbra and all Perception rolls are
at -3 difficulty. Furthermore, all local non-Wyrm spirits are
well-disposed toward the character, granting +2 on all
Social rolls involving them. Finally, one extra die is added
to all Dice Pools (save those involving combat) while the
Garou is in the higher state bestowed by this Gift.

The Gift's effects last one hour for each point of permanent
Gnosis the Garou possesses. If the player botches the roll, the
character becomes acutely aware of Gaia's agonies and suc-
cumbs to the most severe pangs of Harano for an entire scene.

Sun Lodge Gilts

These Gifts are restricted to members of the Sun Lodge and
are not taught unless a Fang proves loyalty to the lodge with
some particularly virtuous deed, or exhibits the virtues that the
lodge upholds. Fangs who drift between lodges are not looked
upon favorably, and are almost never taught these Gifts.

* Truce of Helios (Level Two) — Helios is, among
other things, a spirit of reason and diplomacy. Garou who
follow him are often skilled diplomats. This Gift helps
ensure that the other side at least listens to the Garou's
words. Helios is also an honorable Celestine; the Silver
Fang may not use this Gift as a ruse to gain momentary
advantages (gain time to set an ambush, for example). A
Garou may learn this Gift from one of the Childrer of
Karnak or from a Firebird-spirit.

System: The player must roll Charisma + Etiquette
(difficulty 7). If successful, the Silver Fang negotiates under
a spiritually enforced flag of truce. All those whom he
negotiates with must make Willpower rolls (difficulty 9,
two successes needed) to attack the Garou. The truce lasts
one hour for each success rolled. If the Silver Fang breaks
the words of the truce, the effects of the Gift end and will
never work on the same target again. Additionally, the
Silver Fang loses three points of temporary Honor. This
Gift costs a Gnosis point to use.

© Honor Pact (Level Three) — The Honor Pact is another
Gift of diplomacy. All participants must enter into the pact
willingly. Those who participate exchange blood (most often
by cutting their palms open) and swear oaths to Falcon.
Spiritual bonds connect participants, and they may not work
against each other's interests in any way. (The Storyteller has
final say in what constitutes this edict.) Packmates bound by
this oath are highly resistant to the tendrils of the Defiler
Wyrm. The Children of Karnak teach this Gift.

System: Three temporary Gnosis points must be spent
by each participant, while four must be spent by the user of
this Gift. The players must also make a Charisma + Rituals
roll (difficulty 7).

Appendix One: The Hand of the King 49

a RY,


Previous rivalries or differences between pactmakers are
greatly lessened, reducing the difficulties of all Social rolls
among themselves by -2. All attempts by agents of the Defiler
Wyrm to corrupt those under an Honor Pact are at +2
difficulty. Garou who invoke this Gift but who frequently
squabble or fight destroy the Gift's effects over time.

The effects of the Gift last forever or until a participant
breaks faith. The person who does so suffers five Health
Levels of aggravated damage (as he is rent by the spirit-
talons of Falcon), and is marked as an oath-breaker (as the
Stone of Scorn rite).

Moon Lodge Gifts

Moon Lodge Gifts embody the different aspects of Luna's
personality. They represent both the waxing and waning
cycles of the moon, and delve deepe: ‘into Luna' s mysteries
with each Rank. The Gifts listed represent a waning
cycle, with the Rank 1 Abroun € eth Lc
power and the Rank 5 Ragabash Gift at the! ighest. The
also reverse (waxing) cycles of Moon Lodge Gifts, with appro-
priate Rank 1 Ragabash and Rank 5 Ahroun Gifts. (This book

waxing cycle with Gifts of appropriate levels.) Waxing and

Giftisalways Rank 3. (Thusa waxing cycle would be Rapabash
1, Theurge 2, Philodox 3, Galliard-4 and Ahroun 5.)

Garou of any auspice may learn any of these Moon Lodge
Gifts, but lose one die from their Dice Pool when activating
Gifts intended for other auspices.

¢ Full Moon Cleansing (Ahroun, Level One) — This
Gift allows the Garou to shake off Harano by overpowering
it with Rage. (The Gift does not dispel Derangements.)
Many Silver Fang Ahroun learn this Gift, regardless of
lodge. Blood-warrior spirits teach this Gift. To learn it, the
Garou must kill the spirit in-ritual combat and then burn it
in an Umbral fire, smearing herself with its ashes.

System: The player must spend one point of Rage and
make a Rage roll (difficulty 7) for the character to activate
this Gift. The Gift's effects last for one scene.

* Gibbous Moon Song (Galliard, Level Two) — When
used by Fangs of other auspices, this Gift makes the Garou
more adept at social situations. It makes Galliards loquacious
and silver-tongued in the extreme. Galliard moon-dancers
who use this Gift draw upon the moon's mysteries to cast
complementary light on their every action. The Galliard
naturally draws people's attention. A "social Gaffling" of the
Great Green Cheese Spirit (a traditional Bone Gnawer ally)
teaches this Gift. This fact is scandalous to most Silver Fangs.

System: To learn this Gift, the Garou must best the spirit
in a word contest (Wits + Enigmas, difficulty 8). The player
spends a point of Gnosis for the Garou to use this Gift. All
Social Skills are -1 difficulty for the duration of the scene.
Galliards who use this Gift are -3 difficulty on all Social rolls.

into. water). 4

doesn't contain such a cycle; the Storyteller is free to. create a

waning Theurge and Galliard Gifts alternate between Ranks
2 and 4 depending on the cycle, while the half-moon Philodox

* Half-Moon Mnemonics (Level Three) — Luna's
Philodox aspect is the teacher of ways and the keeper of
memories. The Garou who learns this Gift may recall any
moment with crystal clarity, freezing it forever in her mind.
The Garou may then study the moment at her leisure,
coming at it from almost any angle. Silver Fang Philodox
are forever replaying captured memories, and thus seem
especially distant to others. A Sea-spirit teaches this Gift;
the Garou hears indistinct water-spirit voices throughout
her training. Ideally, the Silver Fang stares into water when
using this Gift to recall a memory.

System: The player must spend one point of Gnosis for
the character to "photograph" a moment, and must make a
Wits + Alertness roll, difficulty 6. If the Garou attempts to
access the memory later, the player must make an Intelli-
gence + Oceull difficulty 7; 5 when the Fang is loaking
means the image disappears forever,
in the Garou's memory. A Fang may
have no more mem es "on file" than her permanent

~~ Gnosis score, but may "dump" unwanted images at will.

® Crescent Moon Fata (Level Four) — Garou with this
Gift can examine the tapestry of fate itself, carefully dis-

"cerning individual threads to learn something of an object's
"past or destiny.

- System: To learn this Gift, a Garou must best a potent

spider or firefly Jaggling of Moira (a moon Incarna). The

challenge is usually a contest of arcane game-craft (Wits +
Occult or Enigmas; difficulty 9; 7 for Theurges). If the roll
is botched, the Jaggling becomes offended and leaves,
stealing three temporary Gnosis in the process.

The player must makea Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty
5) and spend a point of Gnosis to activate this Gift. The Garou
sees one "thread" per success. The Storyteller should be inven-
tive, though somewhat cryptic, in relating visions of fate. The
Garou may see the fate of a given person, place or thing. (A
Garou with four successes could apply one thread to four
separate targets, or all four threads to one target.) The Garou
may see into the past or future (character's choice); to see into
both, two threads must be applied to the same target. A thread
grows indistinct the further it stretches into the past or future.
How far the Garou sees depends on how many successes are
applied in either direction. One success allows him to see
several hours into the past ora few minutes into the future. Five
successes applied in a single direction may allow the Garou to
see several days into the future or hundreds of years into the past.

® New Moon Legerdemain (Level Five) — This no-moon
Gift represents Luna's deepest mysteries. Garou who invoke
this Gift attract and command dozens of invisible, minor
trickster spirits (strangelings, chimaera and Wyldlings). The
creatures dance maddeningly around the Garou in the Penum-
bra, protecting her from harm, but causing consternation
among those in the area. The spirits play tricks on everyone
around them, saving their most dangerous pranks for the
Garou's enemies. However, the nature of this Gift only allows
the spirits to be summoned at night.

Silver Fangs

( ee //


System: An avatar of Luna herself teaches this Gift, and
learning it puts a Garou in Luna's service forever. Only
Garou who perform a great service in Gaia's name may
learn this Gift. It costs a permanent point of Gnosis to
learn, and the spirits it attracts stay with the Garou until
she dies. Although the spirits generally like "their Garou,"
they do not always listen to her orders and may even play
minor pranks on her. (Furthermore, those who fail to keep
their spirits in line may suffer penalties to Social rolls.)
Keeping one's spirits under control should be roleplayed,
but should not interfere too much with the game.

The spirits are semidormant most of the time, playing only
the occasional halfhearted prank. They become genuinely
active during a New Moon or when the Garou wishes it. To
awaken the spirits requires a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6), and the
player must spend one Gnosis point. The spirits awaken for
one night per success. The Garou may also put them back to
sleep until needed again with the expenditure of another
Gnosis point and with another roll (two successes are needed).

When activated, mischievous spirits beset all the Garou's
enemies in a 25-foot radius, pinching and tripping them.
Alt rolls made by the Garou's enemies are at +2 difficulty,
and their Dice Pools are reduced by two. The spirits can also
steal one item from one enemy in a given battle, as long as
that enemy is in the Umbra. The nature of the item is
completely random (Storyteller's discretion), but usually of

little worth. The creatures may or may not show their
treasures to their Garou, depending on how they regard her.

Some powerful creatures (Jagglings or Incarna) may
temporarily disperse a Garou's spirits by spending Gnosis.
Otherwise, the spirits fade away completely during the day.

Rites

Rite of the Honorable Oath (Honor)

Level One

A somewhat less potent version of the Gift: Honor Pact,
this rite allows the Garou to swear a binding oath of
allegiance to another being. The ceremony involves the
Silver Fang swearing to perform a single task, while giving
a small but valued item to the recipient. (The player also
spends a Gnosis point). . ~

If the Silver Fang keeps her word and attempts to fulfill
the mission to the best of her abilities, she gains four points
of Honor, regardless of the mission's success. Failure to
diligently pursue the oath destroys the iter and results in
the loss of two permanent Honor points. Most Garou know
about this rite and are far more apt to trust a Silver Fang
who takes it. Pressing a Fang to do so is very bad form (-2
temporary Honor for asking).

The recipient of the oath should return the object undamaged
to the Silver Fang upon successful completion of the mission.


Enter Dark Umbra (Mystical)

Level Three'

Only a Death's Breath-spirit may teach this rite, and
only Silent Striders and members of the Ivory Priesthood
may practice it. To perform the rite, the priest must purge
himself of all sins and Harano. (This usually requires a day
of fasting and meditation.) During the day of purification
the Garou must also contemplate the thought of dying.

The player spends a Gnosis point and makes a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) or the character risks plunging into a deep
death-obsessed Harano for the rest of the scene. If the roll is
successful, the Garou sees a Death's Breath-spirit around
twilight and must let it breathe into his mouth. The Garou
feels an icy-cold chill shoot through his being. The Garou may
now enter the Dark Umbra (also known asthe Shadowlands;
see Wraith: The Oblivion) and appears asa dark patch in the
Penumbra. The Garou may stay there until the next morning.

Talens
Death Dust

Gnosis 6

This is che same Death Dust as described in Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, but in the hands of a member of the lvory
Priesthood its power increases greatly. When an acolyte of

death sprinkles the dust over a recently dead body (up toa

week old), she can not only speak with the dead spirit, but

can force it to speak truthfully. The player rolls the Talen's.<:
Gnosis (difficulty 6) versus the spirit 's Gnosis (or Pathos if

you have Wraith: The Oblivion):

Falcon Arrows

Gnosis 6

These arrows are tipped with silver and fletched with
falcon feathers. All Archery rolls made with them are -1
difficulty. Despite their silver tips, these arrows cost the
archer no Gnosis penalty to carry.

Luna's Bullets

Gnosis 5

These are normal silver bullets that are bathed in the
ephemera of Falling Star-spirits. Luna's Bullets have been
made for almost every type of gun in existence, though .38-and
.45-caliber ammunition is the most common. Such bullets are
slightly warm to the touch. Unlike normal silver items, these
are a small burden on a Garou's Gnosis. The Garou may carry
up to six bullets before suffering a Gnosis penalty. (The penalty
is -1 Gnosis for every two bullets over six, rounded up.)

Ly,

Cotems
Merlin (Cotem of Respect)

Background Cost: 4

Merlin is not the largest of hawks, but he is still swift and
fierce. He is something of an underdog's champion among
totems, counseling that the greatest in size are not always the
greatest in spirit. Merlin responds well to courage, and encour-
ages his followers to strike intelligently rather than ferociously.

Traits: Followers of Merlin gain +3 Brawl and +2 Dodge
when confronting enemies larger than themselves. They
may also call on three extra Willpower points per story.

Ban: Merlin's Children may never kill birds of prey, or
their spirits. Even Wyrm-tainted raptors must be caught
and purified if at all possible. ~

Wyvern (Totem of War)

Background Cost: 5
The serpentine Wyvern is sometimes a herald of war and
unrest, warning of approaching trouble. He despises the
Wyrm greatly, and is not above using dirty tactics when
doing battle with corruption, Many Silver Fangs consider
Wyvern to be a somewhat savage totem, but his guidance
is often popular among young, angry Fangs.

Traits: Wyvern's Children receive +2 Alertness, +2
Primal-Urge and dearn the Gifts: Sight from Beyond and
Call of the Wyld.

- Ban: Wyvern hates seeing caerns defiled, and charges
hisfollawers to defend caerns. whenever asked, even if the

sacred sites belong to rival tribes or other Changing Breeds.
 Wyvern's followers may never'‘liberate" caerns from "lesser

shapeshifters."

Heron ( Totem of Wisdom)

Background Cost? 5

Heron isan curious spirit, and her long beak is often probing
into affairs that others would like to keep quiet. She is graceful
and wise, and chooses only packs that exemplify her standards
of purity, elegance and inquisitiveness.

Traits: Heron's Children receive one point of Wisdom.
They also gain +3 Enigmas, and may add three dice toany Dice
Pool that involves cleansing or purifying something or some-
one in Gaia's name (the Rite of Cleansing, for instance).
Finally, Heron teaches her followers the Gift: Open Seal.

Ban: Heron requests that her followers discover and lay
bare secrets at least once a moon. These secrets must be
revealed to the entire sept at least, and must also be of some
importance — discovering a Kinfolk's secret infatuation is
of little import, but revealing a vampire's savings account
number might suffice.

Silver Fangs

[POE Ps ET Tie ET TR tinny //,


° ae A"

AG

1 | pusiovKeHue
Bropoe:
SHaruple haa3né

As diverse as members of any other tribe, Silver Fangs
share a bond of blood, nobility and madness. Most are
marked by an ingrained sense of superiority, as they are by
an aura of power and confidence. Even those tribes that fear
and distrust the Fangs reluctantly admit to a feeling of awe
in their presence. When an imperious Silver Fang matter-
of-factly speaks of her tribe's favor with Gaia and duty to
their "subjects," even the most cynical Bone Gnawer may
feel a twinge of abiding respect.

\
True nobility is exempt from fear.
~~ Shakespeare, Henry VI

Bur although the Silver Fang elders are typically the very
picture of solemn regality, it is the cubs who are the
lifeblood of the tribe. Every inch as noble as their forebears,
the young Silver Fangs are in addition filled with a vitality
all too rare among their elders. Not yet shackled by the
Sisyphean weight of Harano, still mostly lucid of mind and
spirit, the cliaths of Falcon's tribe bring a vivacity to their
tasks that awes their elders. They are the hope of their tribe,
the last chance for the Fangs' revitalization. Theirs is a
responsibility almost beyond measure, but the young nobles
will do no less than accept their duty.

Appendix Two: Nobles All 53

aay 1 /

y

Monkeywrencher Terrorist

, Quote: Did you hear about the bombing at our Manchester plant? Shocking!
When will this horrible "monkeywrenching" end?

Prelude: A jack-of-all-trades, you earned a senior degree in chemistry and
studied other sciences heavily before deciding that the academic life wasn't for
you. You joined the navy shortly afterward, where you experienced a
somewhat belated First Change while in port in Argentina. It took some
time for your tribe to recover you, and before you were even formally
introduced to your Uncle, you'd already learned about Pentex the hard

way. However, your foul experiences with the Wyrm-corporation

only steeled your resolve, and not long after your Rite of Passage, you
in decided to carry the war to its source.
/ With your science background it was easy to land a job at
Magadon, helping to churn out the never-ending stream of phar-
maceutical Wyrm-disease. Since joining you have spied, de-
stroyed files and planted bombs in two high-priority facilities.

You've even arranged to introduce cleansing spirits into some

Bane medicines. Medicine that actually helps people? How

novel.

AY : -
well Concept: You're currently playing a dangerous game, quietly
tripping up Pentex while taking full advantage of their gener-
ous salary and excellent benefits program. Your
Monkeywrencher allies get quite a bit of use out of the
information you feed them. Risky? Who cares! The Silver
Fangs have been dead weight long enough. It's about time
your tribe got off its silver-plated arse and got to work.
Roleplaying Hints: So you're a little obsessed; it's under-
standable. Pentex is just a big world-devouring corporation
backed by alien entities from the Deep Umbra. Noth-
ing to get "obsessed" about there. The Fangs may have
the history, but from your vantage point several other
tribes are doing a lot more to hit the Wyrm where it
lives. Hell, you've known Glass Walkers, even Bone
Gnawers who have done more than most Silver Fangs.
Your blood may be blue, but you try to downplay this,
blending in with the crowd. The Silver Fang aristocracy is
dying fast and being replaced by Wyrm-fetid corporate tyranny.
Still, not even the greatest corporate entity can stand with
someone like you chopping away at it. Timber!

Equipment: Chemistry set, .45-caliber pistol, plastic explo-
sives, spy camera, portable shredder


CO) TaAILDER FANGS —(QCC).

Breed: oméd

Name:
Lodge: Sua
Camp: enesal

Auspice: Ragabash
House: Alastere Heel

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Cerpeyate Spy

weer ALA Attributes am mncmeELovatownsr

Physical
Strength e@e000
Dexterity ©0000
Stamina_____ ss @@000

wre ALAA fyi

Talents
Alertness @0000
Athletics 00000
Brawl 00000
Dodge Qo0000
Empathy 00000
Expression. 00000
Intimidation 00000
Primal-Urge__ 00000
Streetwise @@000
Subterfuge @eee00
Backgrounds
Lb ies @0o000
Ceutacts @ee60
Pure Preed @ee00
PRoescurces @e@000
PRQites @0000

Gifts

Eye ef the Faleca

Social Mental

Charisma @ee00 Perception. @0e0@00
Manipulation @@e000 Intelligence Py yy Ye)
Appearance__ Ss @O0000 Wits ©0000

iti es wwe cen amram Loadiornar

lit Knowledges ~

Animal Ken 00000 Computer © e000
Drive @@e000 Enigmas 00000
Etiquette 00000 Investigation 00000
Firearms e@e000 Law @0000
Leadership 00000 Linguistics @0000
Melee 00000 Medicine 00000
Performance 00000 Occult 00000
Repair. @0ee00 Politics @0000
Stealth e0000 Rituals @0000
Survival @0000 Science Cheorcotin ©0000

Gifts

Oyen Seat

Let severd€ ow

wae GK EnOWN

Glory
@eooogagdqgaadd
OOOOOOUOOOO

Honor
oo0o0goagQ0 0000 0
OOOOOUOOUOOU

Wisdom
@e@eoooagaddsd
OOOOOUOOUOUOO

"7 Rage Ml "/ Health <A
eeo00000000 Bruised C
oooooooooo Hurt 10

Injured . UO
wera 44 GOSS amaameed Wounded 2. O
e@eo00000000 ve 25
ripple -
QNOOOOOOOOU Incapacitated  O
— Willpower -—~ Weakness am
DERANGEMENT:
eevee o0o000n0
Obsession

OOOOOOOOUN

aa einieay //,

|


ee 7 eee
Angel of Death

Quote: Field Report (August 17): The fomor took over three hours to die. The Wyrm's presence diminished remarkably during
the last 20 minutes before death. Interesting...

Prelude: Death always seemed to whisper to you from just beyond the corner of your
eye, even when you were just a child. Your pet cat died when you were four years
old, and you dug its body up a week later to see what it looked like. Your family
was well-to-do, respected Kin; however, your grandfather, an ranking Ivory
Priest took especial interest in you. Hoping that you'd eventually Change and
follow in his footsteps, he lent you strange books and teased you with cryptic
riddles. With his encouragement and patronate, you were an adept occult scholar
by age 13. Even the high school Goths you casually associated with saw you as
something different: a predator among prey, a wolf among sheep dressed in wolf-
skins.

It was your senior year when your fate came for you. The week before,
you'd been an eerily respectable "spooky death-chick;" now you were
something truly different. You were complete at last. Now, a year after your
Firsting, you are an acolyte in the Ivory Priesthood, an ardent scholar of
Death's secrets.

Concept: The Ivory Priesthood is ideal for a person like you. While
almost everyone, tribemates and packmates alike, considers
your fixation on death to be morbid (or even profane),
you're actually quite happy most of the time. You see
death for what it is: a natural and fascinating part of
existence. The priesthood has shown you certain things,
but not yer taught you any of its deep secrets. You
strive to prove yourself worthy for such enlighten-
ment.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite your interest in Tha-
natos, you do not casually disregard the prerogatives of
life. There is an order to the universe: a time to live and
atime to die, as the saying goes. You may observe the
death of innocents, but you only kill creatures that
have been corrupted by the Wyrm. After every
battle you take copious notes and samples for
later analysis.

Equipment: Klaive, biology kit,
business suit, lab coat, glasses, lap-
top computer

\

Name:
Lodge: Meen
Camp: Doory Po xiesthood

Breed: 4emed
Auspice: Thearge
House: Gleaming Ege

CC) aI LDER FANGS —(CC).

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Theurye Duelist

rer LAE Attributes momma Lovatrnar

Physical
Strength e@e0e00
Dexterity eee080
Stamina___— OOOO

eA. Abi

Talents
Alertness @e@000
Athletics @eee@00
Brawl @e0ee00
Dodge @e0000
Empathy oo0000
Expression 00000
Intimidation @e@000
Primal-Urge @e000
Streetwise o0o0000
Subterfuge _.00000

B ackgrounds
Fetish, ©0000
Lure Fareed @ee00
Resources @0000
RRQites @0000
00000

bute

Social Mental

Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Appearance___ ss @@@OO Wits ©0000

itle 5 swear Caravans

iit Knowledges~

Animal Ken 00000 Computer @0000
Drive 00000 Enigmas @0000
Etiquette 00000 Investigation @0000
Firearms 00000 Law 00000
Leadership 00000 Linguistics 00000
Melee e0e0e00 Medicine 00000
Performance 00000 Occult__ Thanateleyy @@@00
Repair 00000 Politics 00000
Stealth @@e@000 Rituals 00000
Survival 00000 Science Wleerelegy _@@@00

Gifts

Cue ef the Faleea

ges nance mee orarnar

Gifts

Lersuasion

ease COotar

woamanin OP ONOWN i

Glory

rye
[ye
L]e
[Jo
Clo
[Jo
[Jo
Clo
Clo

:
g

[je
[ jo
[Jo
L]o
L]o
Clo
Cle
[lo

ce ce
| i ee oe
[ jo
[Jo
[Jo
[Jo
Clo
Cle
Cle
Clo

cn I Tosser ermmsrommcen nance laratornar

@e@e@e0000000
DHOOOOOUOOOO

eeeee0000d0
OOOOOUODOUOO

"/ Health ———aew

Bruised

Hurt -|
Injured -|
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

Weakness ——aiw

OOOOO00O

—- Willpower --*~

e@eeo0000000
OOOOOOOOOO

DERANGEMENT:
UVatellectualization

|


Jce Dancer

Quote: Have you ever seen a vampire try to fight on ice? It's
really quite funny.

Prelude: You were born in the countryside of Quebec.
Your father was a Vietnamese-Canadian Stargazer; your
mother, a French-Canadian Fang Philedox, making you
metis in both senses of the word. Your mother brought you
up in her tribe's traditions, and taught you Silver Fang
rituals until those vampire bastards killed her during a
raging ice-storm. You have since spent your life walking the
edges between the many strange influences of your life. You
walk between cultures — East and West,
human and wolf — with equal facility. we

You assumed your tribal duties al-
most out of desire to escape the burning
hatred you hold for vam-

pires. You learned the YS.

joys of athletics at an) ~ ™ L-= . i
early age; fencing and ~ x N
skating were your favorites, and are > is
now you don't even need to " mg 17

wear skates anymore.

Many believe you will

be a paramount

keeper of the ways

one day, just like

your mother. Yes,

you are metis — /}

but even that

can be forgiven.
Concept: Asa

young field opera-

tive for the tribe's

judiciary, it is your

duty to ensure that the

Garou obey the laws of Gaia

and Helios. Some Garou from

other tribes may consider you

58 LO

the "heavy hand of Silver Fang tyranny," but you are far
more stringent about enforcing the law among Silver Fangs.
One must put one's own house in order first. You do act
capriciously at times, especially where vampires are con-
cerned. Few Garou dare to go into vampire-ridden Montreal,
but you have. Let the hunt begin.

Roleplaying Hints: You usually speak and act in a
friendly but reserved manner, and are precise in dress and
comportment. You are prepared for violence, but typically
strive to accomplish things in a civilized manner. You are
usually methodical and precise in your calculations, rarely
making errors.

But when the ice coats the city (as it did on
that night long ago), you become another
person. When the world is sheathed in ice,
your blood burns with a lust for revenge.

The world slows to a crawl — cars,
people, vampires. You move
through this stop-motion
world as a silver blur.

The tribal elders
continue to caution
you about your
obsession.

They predict

your doom if
you. con-
tinue your
war — but when

cannot hear their
words.

Equipment: Ice skates,
klaive, mother's Falcon pendant
Metis Deformity: Bestial Re-
flection

the ice falls you |


CO)-; LDER FANGS —(CT)

Name: Breed: 7/\czés Pack Name:
Lodge: een Auspice: J%cledex Pack Totem:
Camp: ene House: (los od Red Crest Concept: €Cdyeaplher wy

Physical Social Mental
Strength e@e000 Charisma e@e000 Perception ©0000
Dexterity ecoe5e Manipulation @0000 Intelligence__ © @@00
Stamina____ OOOO we Ahkeio. eee00 Wits ©0000

1 *

Calents skills Knowledges-
Alertness, 000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer, 00000
Athletics Skaters 00000 Drive Oo0000 Enigmas ©0000
Brawl oo0000 Etiquette____ @@000 Investigation OO0000
Dodge 00000 Firearms 00000 Law C0000
Empathy. revererere) Leadership @e0000 Linguistics _@@000
Expression, __ 90000 Melee @ee00 Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Performance @e0000 Occult @0000
Primal-Urge @0000 Repair. 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise @0000 Stealth ry Y vere Rituals @e8000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival eee@00 Science 00000

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts ,
Fetish ©0000 Create Element
[2ure reed @@0@00 Pee Dance
PRikes @0oo000 Sense CO geen
00000
Oo0000
a= Renown am "4 Rage lot " Health ~~
co00 es 0000 eeee000000 Bruised U
OoOoOooouoooo OOOO fe og
njure -|
Honor wren Ly G05 )S omemmet lense Wounded » O
@e@ee@aeoaooaddaddd Mauled o
OOOOOOUOUON egeeeonoo0000 ee 2 5 L
. ri -
onooooodeed -_ bs
—- Willpower -—*~ Weakness
DERANGEMENT:
mommies Rank nine @ OOO BO00000
a nooooooooo


Blue Blood Manipulator

Quote: What? You say Count Voightis really a vampire and you want me to help kill him?
It sounds diverting.

Prelude: Born at the heart of the tribe's European aristocracy, you grew up with
every advantage. Yours was a world of very private schools and careful etiquette
lessons; there you and your fellow Kinfolk students heard endless
lectures on the great and glorious history of the Silver Fangs. Even
sO, you were uninspired. All the talk of past victories bored you

beyond reason. You prayed every day that you would make the
change, that you would become Garou, so you could get out and
say goodbye to every last inbred one of them. ;

Someone answered your prayers. Your First Change was
celebrated throughout your family, but the enthusiasm didn't
last forever. You soon displayed a certain lack of follow-
through, a most depressing character trait for a stubbormtribe.
Tired of the disappointed stares of your Kin, you set out on your
own to find something more stimulating.

Concept: Your family tree goes back almost as far as the

Progenitor Wolf; Silver Fang blood doesn't get much more

pure than yours. Someone with your breeding should be a

warrior-hero of Gaia, but your parents were always disap-

pointed by your performance. You've discovered that your

greatest talent was manipulating other people to fulfill

your needs. You have enough money to last a dozen

_ lifetimes, so you travel distractedly around the world,

/ looking for excitement that appeals to your jaded

palate.

5 Roleplaying Hints: Your moral lapses make you

/ something of an outcast in your house, but there are

( people in other tribes who are always happy to do
t

things for you. With your looks and breeding, few
people question your motives or competence.
Despite your lack of "moral rectitude," you are
careful to avoid compromise to the Wyrm. Bore-
dom and ennui are one thing; being eaten by a
Wyrm-beast is quite another.
Equipment: Custom suit, jeweled cigarette holder, .45 automatic with
silver bullets, passport

™


Name: Breed: "caud Pack Name:

Lodge: Sun Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem:

Camp: eyalists House: Gleaming Eye Concept: ered Aristectat
W074 Attributes nec Loratiornar

Physical Social Mental

Strength @0000 Charisma @e000 Perception @e@000

Dexterity eee00 Manipulation e0eee0 Intelligence eee@00

Stamina @@000 ~— Appearance eooen 3 Wits ©0000

SA Ab efe,e
ee A ilities ee Saw ae
Talents Skills Knowledges~

Alertness 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer. Oo0000

Athletics oo000 Drive 00000 Enigmas 00000

Brawl oO0000 Etiquette____ ee@e00 Investigation 00000

Dodge e@000 Firearms @e@000 Law @e000

Empathy. @@000 Leadership @0800 Linguistics 00000

Expression e@e@e00 Melee o0000 Medicine 00000

Intimidation. @@e2e@00 Performance _ 00000 Occult O0000

Primal-Urge 00000 Repair. O0000 Politics e@000

Streetwise 00000 Stealth @0000 Rituals 00000

Subterfuge e@e@e00 Survival 00000 Science 00000

B ackgrounds Gifts Gifts

"Allies @@000 anrvbent Fleasve

Centacts 00000 WT \indspeak

Lute. lhe Ste ed. eeee@0 Oersuasion

PRescurces eeeee

00000

—A4

a ae

woven GRE NHOWN

Glory

[]@

ce
| Lio 6Ce 6

Honor

Cle §=6ftfe
Cle fo
[Jo
[Jo
[Jo
[lo
Clo
Clo

[Jo
[ Jo
[Jo
Lo
Cle
Clo

Wisdom

ce
Le
[Jo
[Jo
[Jo
[ Jo
Clo
mie)
Clo

=
S_

@e@eeeo00000n0
OOOOOOOOOO

e@e@eo000000d0
OOOOOOOOCU

7 /aP

"/ Health ————~

Bruised

Hurt -]
Injured |
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

Weakness Come

OOOOO00D

ae Willpower A

e@ee@eo00000n0
OOOOOOOOOO

DERANGEMENT:
Canuc


Russian Kesistance
Guerrilla

Quote: The land screams beneath the Old One's blackness.
Prepare for a slow death, Wyrm creature.

Prelude: This has always been a place for wolves. You
were born on the icy tundra, and cared for by the pack. As
you grew, you learned that your pack was but one of many,
all carefully avoiding one another's territory — but despite
the potential competition, you usually ate well. The alpha
of your pack was a strong, almost impossibly intelligent
wolf, and it was she who watched you change under the
light of the full moon.

Now you have joined your true pack, the one you were
meant for. Like every geneta-
tion before you, you lope across is
the icy tundra of Siberia, scour-
ing Mother Gaia clean of the
Wyrm. Not once have you
questioned your purpose —
the land is the
land, and must
be protected.
You could not
imagine compro-
mising this.

Concept: The humans in your tribe call your pack a
"house," but then they have so many strange ways. You
recognize that you are different from most of the other lupus
Garou; your white fur alone marks you as the chosen of
Gaia. Still, on the Wyld paths, there is little room for the

uman ways of rank. The word of your pack's alpha is
authority enough for you. You listen to what the Red
Talons and the other wolf-Garou say, and they in turn
acknowledge your pack's place in the Wyld. So it is, so it has
always been.

Roleplaying Hints: The freezing northern winds blow
through your thick coat, but you are not cold. The moon's
light turns the snow beneath your feet into a thousand
pinpricks of light. This must have been how the old ones
felt, when a wolf could run for an entire season without
seeing sign of Wyrm or Weaver. Now these forces choke
the Wyld beneath a blanket of poison and concrete. But

not unchallenged. You run with your pack
rj and the Red Talons, killing the Wyrm
wherever you find it.
Equipment: Nothing.


CO) AAILDER MANGS —(CC).

Name: Breed: Zajsus Pack Name:
Lodge: ene Auspice: Adrcun Pack Totem:
Camp: ene House: Che D, Vee fOnck Concept: Avenger of Gaia A
ee ee ee
Physical Social Mental
Strength. ry Y yore) Charisma @@e000 Perception ©0000
Dexterity ep e8e8e0 Manipulation @0000 Intelligence__s_s— © @@O re)
Stamina___—— © 00 eh Taio, ece00 = C Wits ©0000
* e s
Calents Skills Knowledges"
Alertness @e@000 Animal ken @e@e00 Computer 00000
Athletics @@000 Drive 00000 Enigmas e@e000
Brawl e@e@e00 Etiquette 00000 Investigation @0000
Dodge @0000 Firearms 60000 Law 00000
Empathy__ Leadership. 00 Linguistics O00
Expression 00000 Melee 00000 Medicine _..._ 00000
Intimidation e@@000 Performance _ 00000 Occult e0000
Primal-Urge e@ee@00 Repair oo0000 Politics 00000
Streetwise O0000 Srealth @@e@000 Rituals @0000
Subterfuge ee OOOOO Survival e30ee@00 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Leeutacts @@000 Full VW \ecn Cleansiuae
Last Life @ee00 Peeiabtened Senses
Lure " Sreecd @eee@0oo PRaxer Blaes
00000 Seuse Cyray
00000
meme Renown ans "4 Rage is "/ Health -————~
cocoons oo000 eeeae0000n0 Bruised a
HoOoooouodooO OoOoOoOooooeao fut ta
njur -|
Honor werner 14 GNosis smnmnaowr Wounded 2 O
eoooooaoaao0od0 led o
OOOOOOOOUOU es5ua5n e0000dn ae -2 5 L
. ripplec .
Wisdom DNOOOOOOOO incapacitated" O
needed a
——— Willpower Weakness me
DERANGEMENT:
By wns Rank com eeceee00o00d Feel
técw
OOOOOOOUOO ees


a AA"

71 pUJIO;KeHHe
‘[perpe:

_ Cepedparoe
BovCKO

VES

Despite what any others may think of them, the Silver
Fangs have always been a tribe of champions. Nobility is
their food and drink; responsibility is their raison d'etre.
Even the lowliest Ragabash of the tribe can trace his
ancestry back to martyrs, kings and heroes — such is the
regal bloodline of the Silver Fangs.

Silver Fang Galliards have perhaps the heaviest duty
among the Moon Dancers of the tribes; theirs is the unen-
viable task of recounting the deeds of almost innumerable
tribal heroes. Grimfang, Jacob Morningkill, Tsarevich
Nikolai, Loba Carcassone, White-Sky-Rising, Katarina
Thousand-Howl, Daniel Heartshire, Riva Sun's Daughter
— these are but a few of the names that stir awe and
inspiration in the hearts of Fang cubs.

It naturally follows that with such high tribal standards,
it becomes all the more difficult to stand ouc from one's
fellows and forebears. The struggle for Renown is foremost
in the minds of many Silver Fangs — and yet the greatest
rulers and most tragic heroes have sometimes arisen with
never a thought for their own glory. These first among lords
are often driven by a sense of duty they could not explain
if asked, but that the wisest elders always recognize.

The following Silver Fangs are champions among cham-
pions, or notably touchy subjects in the chants of the Moon
Dancers. One way or another, they have distinguished
themselves from the illustrious ranks of their tribemates.
The Garou that is noteworthy among Silver Fangs is
noteworthy indeed.

A
|


Felix VYusupov

Although Kinfolk and not truly a Silver Fang, Felix
Yusupov has nonetheless earned a certain fame of his own,
much to the embarassment of his tribe. The young aristo-
crat was married to Tsar Nicholas II's niece, the Princess VA
Irina, and wished to serve the tribe by killing the advisor
Rasputin, whom he suspected of being a Wyrm-pawn.
History records that he lured Rasputin into a trap by
promising him an interview with Irina. Yusupov had to
both poison and shoot the mad monk before he died, and
threw the man's body into the icy Neva River. Yusupov
escaped execution for the deed because he was too popular
(and well-protected). The tsar banished him to his home
estates in South Russia.

The Russian poet, Alexander Blok, marveled that the
bullet that killed Rasputin was "fired not by a revolution-
ary, but by a crypto-fascist and a fop." Historians also note
that Yusupov was a cross-dresser. Silver Fangs bristle at
such "perceived" eccentricities. What should have been a
Silver Fang victory has become something of an embarrass-
ment for the tribe. The fact thar there are at least two
vampires and a mage who claim to be Rasputin haunting
the World of Darkness further compounds this embarrass-

uri and Sophia
varivich

Of all che heroes of ald Russia, perhaps the best known
are these brother and sister Silver Fang warriors. As rulers
of the Crescent Fang, the two protected all who were true
to them. The Garou, and hence the Rus, prospered under
their wise and just reign. They slew all the great Wyrm-foes
of their time, and few dared oppose them.

One day word of the Wyrm-dragon, Sharkala the Cruel,
came to the siblings. The Zmei killed all about it, laying
waste to Mother Russia. Leading a pack with members from
several tribes, Yuri and Sophia hunted the dragon, with the
aid of the vampire, Durga Syn. Finding the Zmei, they
struck at it with fang and claw, but the dragon, in its death
throws, bit back and killed the two nobles. Their bodies
were burned and their ashes thrown to the Russian winds,
scattering their spirit and fame throughout the world.

tL


tribes quietly accorded honor to their fallen, and spoke no
more of the happenings in the West. The tales of their
heroes of the time were carefully learned by a few Moon
Dancers in the sept, so that none would forget. But in the
Garou's pride, these stories were not told to more than a
handful of Galliards out of the following generations, and
so the true tale of Isaiah Morningkill's deeds remains a
shameful secret among the proud Silver Fangs.

Collette Delacourt

Collette Delacourt of the Gleaming Eye was
the most pure-bred Silver Fang the house had seen

in two generations. Her birth was marked by a total
eclipse. Her New Orleans house spared no effort in her
upbringing, training her for great things to come. Ry her
Firsting at age 15 she appeared to be surpassing expecta-
tion. Many Garou outside her tribe also liked her; she
befriended Uktena, Fianna and Bone Gnawers alike. Her
disappearance, then, caused a quake throughout her house
and beyond. The local septs launched a massive hunt. They
eventually found most of her body floating in a swamp,
riddled with Wyrm-corruption.

ment. Satirists from several tribes (most notably the Fianna)
allude to the "Yusopov incident" as a comic example of
Silver Fang foibles.

Isaiah Morningkill

One of the more recent Garou heroes, the father of Jacob
Morningkill is rarely mentioned in ballads. Although the
canny Theurge comported himself with nothing but dig-
nity in life, and brought much honor to his tribe, most
werewolves are ashamed to even speak of the deeds sur-
rounding Isaiah and his life.

Isaiah was born in the nineteenth century in the North
Country protectorate. However, the political maneuverings
at the time were anything but gentle, and when Isaiah
offended the sept's Caern Warder, he was "encouraged" to
go elsewhere to carry on Gaia's fight. Mournfully leaving
his wife behind, he set out to the West, to investigate
reports of strange upheavals in the local Penumbra. He was
not to return alive.

Although recent generations have been largely unable
to discover the full story of Isaiah Morningkill, they have
uncovered this much: Isaiah learned of powerful evils
stirring in the West, evils that many European Garou had
unwittingly awakened in their struggles with the Pure
Ones. The backlashes on the spirit world were terrible, and
were only calmed a decade before the turn of the century.
Ashamed to admit their role in the troubles, the European

(a


There is no shortage of suspects in Collette's murder.
These include the Black Spirals of two caerns in the area,
agents of a local Pentex nuclear power plant (Atlas Inter-
national), and even the Sabbat. The Gleaming Eye, how-
ever, blames the Shadow Lord's Society of Nidhogg (see
Shadow Lords Tribebook). The Shadow Lords vociferously
deny Nidhogg involvement, but few Garou (unsurprisingly)
believe them. The destruction of the Society of Nidhogg
has practically become a sacrament of Gleaming Eye. The
house and the society are virtually at war with each other.
Other tribes fear that skirmishes may draw them into the
conflict. Several Louisiana packs are joining forces to find
out who really killed Collette Delacourt.

Celeste Walks-the-
Spira-Backward

Celeste Walks-the-Spiral-Backward is a powerful and
enigmatic member of the Gleaming Eye. As a powerful
Ragabash, she is pulled by the invisible influences of the
moon in startling ways. Celeste is a servitor of Luna and
silently kills numerous Wyrm creatures in Luna and Gaia's

SA

names. Celeste is a shadowy figure in Silver Fang society.
Wyrm-spawn throughout the world attribute horrific tales
of slaughter to her, and fear her like few others. Some tell
stories about how, trapped at the center of a Black Spiral
labyrinth, she walked it backward, thereby destroying it
completely. Many scoff at the impossibility of this story, but
her honorific "Walks-the-Spiral-Backward" has stuck.

Widely traveled, Celeste has contacts in almost every
land and tribe. She is an instrumental figure in coordinat-
ing the Silver Fangs' global war effort.

King Albrecht

The great-grandson of King Jacob Morningkill of House
Wyrmfoe, King Albrecht is a new kind of Silver Fang
monarch. After his grandfather exiled him, Albrecht wan-
dered dispossessed among the common tribes for a number
of years. During that time he mixed with Garou from such
tribes as the Black Furies, Stargazers, Wendigo and even
the Bone Gnawers. In his quest for the Silver Crown, he
battled Black Spiral Dancers and traveled to the farthest
reaches of the Umbra. He was skinned alive by the Spirals,
but the power of the Silver Crown saved his life and
seemingly cured him of his Harano.

While few Silver Fangs dispute Albrecht's right to rule,
some do look askance at his methods. Ignoring his critics,
Albrecht has sought to unite the disparate tribes of his

Host 67


protectorate. Many of his detractors attribute this to his Since his coronation, Albrecht has used his newfound =
commoner sympathies and decry the "cult of personality" power to launch a number of successful attacks against the

that surrounds the newly ascended king. Others, however, | Wyrm. The Wyrm-spawn in the region surrounding his

attribute his partial success at rallying other tribes to his _ protectorate is on the defensive once again.

ability to evoke a long-lost feeling for the Silver Fangs:

L

Oe
68 Silver Fangs


ow'reall expecting some kind of frilly
speech about n :

‘You krowe what? The Silver Fangs are not going
0 ne all tod sous exe thing,

Silver Fangs Tribebook includes!

© The majest

(tertfat
