# File: Sorcerer.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


WORLD OF DARKETESS:

THE HEDGE WIZARD'S HANDBOOK

That which gives light must endure burning.
— Viktor Frankel

Six of Questing

BY JAMES ESTES LOOKING EAGLE AND PHIL BRUCATO

CONTENTS


CREDITS

Written by: James Estes Looking Eagle and Phil Brucato
Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cary Goff

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Robby Poore

Art: Andrew Bates, Scott Baxa, Dave Fooden, Leif
Jones, Brian LeBlanc, David Leri, Paul Phillips, Andy
Trabbold, John Van Fleet

Front Cover Art: Mark Chiarello
Front and Back Cover Design: Robby Poore

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. A2on, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West and The Book of Shadows, Ascension's
Right Hand, World of Darkness Sorcerer, Freak Le-
gion, The Book of Madness and The Book of Crafts are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

SPECIAL THANKS 10:

Katie "Scorpion Queen" McCaskill, for cupping the
nasty.

Rob "Decapoda Homiblis" Hatch, for passing on acute
convulsions and pain.

Mike "Wounded Knee" Tinney, for bringing in the
Gimp (again).

Chris "Vegan" McDonough, for taking the gang to see
Suzanne.

Cary "Year of Love & Bunnies" Goff, for showing us the
end of the World of Darkness.

Michael "Whipping Boy" Rollins, for pulling weeds in
the Torture Garden.

Rich "Five-Ton Truck" Dansky, for getting lessons in
state trooper etiquette.

Kathy "Third Time's the Charm" Ryan, for returning to
the fold. Welcome back, Marauder Girl!

Laurah "Q&A Goth Chick" Norton, for dumping the
Wolves and heading off to college for some real
abuse. Later, Ms. Legend. Keep in touch!

Michelle "Coke and a Smile" Prahler, for going corpo-
rate on us. Take care, Shelly, and thanks for all the
good work!


WORLD OF DABKIESS:

TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION 4
CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER 6
CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY 16
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION 50
CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS 16
CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES 114

APPENDIX

CONTENTS


INTRODUCTION

He became a guide, at peace and occupied with classrooms

He came forward and uttered the word as a teacher. The self-

appointed wise people came up to him, testing him, but he refuted

them, for they were empty; and they despised him, for they were

not truly intelligent

You may have heard this phrase before: hedge magicians.

Admit it; if you play Mage, you have probably spit that
phrase out before: hedge magicians.

Perhaps you overlook them as the "willworkers" do.
Perhaps you consider them "lesser talents," purveyors of
parlor tricks enraptured with their own petty goals and
completely oblivious to the Ascension War and its conse-
quences. What good's a hedge magician when you could be
a True Mage with all reality at your fingertips?

True, hedge magicians don't battle for Ascension, and
their concepts of enlightenment and Awakening may be
provincial compared to the concepts bandied about by

Vey OV SY Cy Sy

The Gospel of Truth, 11.17

Vow vv ev ov SY WW oY SY OW SW TY FV

mysticks and mages. Mythology isn't their ammunition;
reality isn't their playground. Most sorcerers have never even
heard of the Ascension War or the Traditions or the Tech-
nocracy (isn't that a band?). They're less concerned with
metaphysics than with personal growth and achievement.
Unlike the Crafts, they did not decline membership in the
Traditions or the Order of Reaso:
looked.

They were simply over-

Even now, they remain overlooked. Youcould say they're
screwed from both ends, stuck with reality as it has been
defined by the consensus, but without the willworking pow-
ers of True Mages. Does this stop them? No.

INTRODUCTION

Though un-Awakened in the metaphysical sense, these
talented folks are freer for their lack of "enlightenment."
While they might belong to magical societies (as opposed to
the magickal factions of Mage), these sorcerers walk a per-
sonal Path. Paradox is no threat to them because they offer
no threat to the "established order." The static arts they
pursue lightly stir reality's surface; they don't slap reality
around like a red-headed stepchild or lure it like a whore
using false promises or tricks to disguise her true intentions.
So-called hedge wizards (who do not ever refer to themselves
with such flippant titles) treat reality like a temperamental
lover, like a partner with wonderful gifts to give to the
paramour with enough wisdom and common sense. The key
to such arts is knowledge, and hedge magicians love to learn.

MAGE, MAGICIAN, WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE?

Sorcerers, shamans, magicians, witches, call them what
you will. Workers of magic — and magick — go bya thousand
titles, none of which reflect the difference between an
Awakened mage and a "static" magician. The words them-
selves offer no real distinction because, in story terms, there
are no real differences.

There's a vital roleplaying point to be made here: The
denizens of the World of Darkness do not walk around with
signson their chests. They do not announce "Hey! I'ma True
Mage!" or "Hey! I'm a hedge wizard!" To the characters in

our imaginary world, magic is magic. The Awakened Ones
may quibble over the line between magic and magick, but
most folks don't know the difference and couldn't care less.

The only real lines between the two are one: metaphysi-
cal and two: mechanical. The first line reflects the
phenomenal change that comes with Awakening, a change
thatallowsa person to rework reality at its base level to create
a new reality. Some people can; some people can't. The
second line reflects the game systems involved. Awakened
magick allows a character to employ the Spheres, while un-
Awakened magic limits her to the more conventional Paths.
The first flows through a transformation. The second comes
through study and mastery. The first option is more powerful,
but carries the weight of Paradox and epic conflict; the
second requires more determination and discipline, but grants
a freer road.

For clarity's sake, we'll call mages True Mages when we
mention them at all. Let's use "magician," "wizard," or
"sorcerer" as general termsand simply realize thatall magic(k)
workers go by similar names.

(Granted the word sorcerer — one who employs black
magic and evil spirits — carries more sinister overtones than
either magician — one who purports to control events by
evoking the supernatural — or wizard — a skillful, wise or
clever person. Given the practices some magicians follow

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

and the dark mystique attached to magic as a whole, how-
ever, any of those terms is appropriate.) So, call hedge
wizards what you will.

Who are they and what can they do? What's the differ-
ence between a magician and a mage?

© Hedge magic is limited. Magicians cannot use the
Spheres of magick, but follow the more limited and defined
magical Paths — Paths created by millennia of use. Such arts
follow defined laws, but conform to ancient folklore and
work in more "believable" ways than the wild, unpredictable
Arts of magick. Consider such Paths "loopholes" in reality. A
skilled magician can exploit them, but cannot reweave
reality to suit his tastes.

© These Paths are not subject to Paradox. While the greater
levelsof magical achievementallow sorcerers to perform miracles,
those miracles are firmly based in a system of rituals. Like
vampire Disciplines or werewolf Gifts, these powers function in
‘one way, achieve one goal and achieve it in a set pattern. Since
the sorcerer's actions "fit in" with established reality, they don't
"splatter" the way True Magicks do.

© Magicians do not participate in the Ascension War.
They have their own interests, ideologies and goals, and
couldn't care less about a bunch of psychopaths claiming to
speak for Creation. Battles for reality are too abstract for
sorcerers; they live in reality, thank-you very much, and
prefer to keep their own backyards clean. Most magicians
haven't even heard of this "Ascension War"; the True
Mages, for their part, consider magicians as deluded peasants
in the line of fire (if and when they notice them at all).

© Most sorcerers have a cultural identity. Magicians do
not exist in a vacuum; they spring from within some mortal
society and embody certain beliefs and principles from their
home cultures. Their magic is a reflection of the local beliefs,
and their ideologies focus on the people they know.

Like most human beings, sorcerers often form societies
of their own, and these societies have unique stories, agendas
and beliefs. Initiation, teaching and control are important
aspects of a magician's life. Few people study or perfect a Path
on their own.

HOW 10 USETHIS BOOK

Mage is not about power gaming; ironically, though, its
characters can become arguably the most powerful beings in
existence. Compared to the Creation-twisting Sphere mas-
ters, hedge wizards look like kittens in a den of lions.

So why bother playing one?

For one thing, magicians are simpler to use, especially in
a crossover chronicle, than Awakened mages. Unlike the
complex Sphere variations, a sorcerer's Path rituals are more


predictable, more in line with Thaumaturgy powers, Gifts or
cantrips. A hedge magician won't stomp her lupine and
vampiric comrades into the dirt — not easily, anyway.

The magician also walks a more challenging road. With-
out the grand powers at a True Mage's disposal, a magician
must compensate with her own cleverness, wit and common.
sense. The sorcerer's world is a shadowed room, filled with
half-finished poetry, ancient riddles and devastating traps.
Navigating this minefield is more hazardous — but more
rewarding — when you don't have the awesome resources
that a True Mage commands.

Some Ascension factions (especially the Hermetic Or-
der) groom their perspective recruits by teaching them hedge
magic first (see Order of Hermes, page 58). Other mages
collect their consors from among "fellow travelers" in the
mysterious occult world (see Ascension's Right Hand).
These people occasionally advance to another level. A
hedge magician needs not remain un-Awakened; she could,
with the right choices, "graduate" to the higher levels of
mystic achievement — the Arts of the True Mage.

Then there's Mage: The Ascension's sheer power level.
While the game's metaphysics, concepts and ideals come
from real magic theory, some of the upper-level Sphere
powers get pretty outrageous. Path magic is more "realistic"
than the fantastic Arts employed by True Mages. In an "easy
to swallow" chronicle (especially a "hunters" game like the
ones portrayed in The Hunters Hunted, Inquisition, Halls
of the Arcanum, The Quick and the Dead and Project
Twilight), a hedge magician makes a more appropriate
player character than an Awakened mage.

And let's be honest: Sometimes you just don't want to
battle for reality. Sometimes it's fun just to have a character
who understands some of the mysteries of the cosmos but
walks without the baggage of the larger Ascension factions.
Sometimes it's nice to return to the days when Creation was
a mystery, a fascinating puzzle, not a battleground.

World of Darkness: Sorcerer isn't really a Mage book;
rather, it's a general-purpose look at those magic-workers
whostand "between" the True Mage and the Sleepers around
him. This book provides source material, rules systems, secret
societies and character options for these elusive hedge magi-
cians. With a few minor adjustments, however, it can also be
an ideal resource for Awakened Orphans and solitary practi-
tioners (see Mage, pages 55-56). After all, any mystical group
(see this book's Chapter Two) can have Awakened mem-
bers, and when you get right down to it, the challenges of the
mystic road are pretty much the same whether you're Awak-
ened or not.

So what can you expect from this book?

© Chapter One: The Way of the Sorcerer begins a
discussion of the philosophy of magic as viewed by sorcerers
themselves. You'll note some parallels between the ways of
hedge wizards and their Awakened counterparts — their

roads are not dissimilar. This is not a discussion of hedge
magic vs. True Magick — it's is a look down any sorcerer's
road.

© Chapter Two: The Faces of Sorcery offers an intro-
duction to five major societies anda handful of less-prominent
groups. "Major" is relative — just because they're important
today doesn't mean they'll remain so. These societies offer
jumping-off places for dozens of new stories and potential
origins and affiliations for hundreds of new characters.

© Chapter Three: Character Creation shows you how
to create magician player characters. While some main
rulebook — Mage, Vampire, whatever — is still essential to
the process, this chapter includes appropriate Merits, Flaws,
Backgrounds, crossover notes and a few special talents.

Chapter Four: The Paths presents hedge magic itself.
It covers the various magical Paths, the things they do and
the forms they take. While some of this material comes from
Ascension's Right Hand, several new Paths have been
added and the systems have been slightly updated.

* Chapter Five: Solitary Templates presents a variety
of lone magicians. With some slight adjustment, these char-
acters work equally well as templates for Awakened Orphans.

© Finally, the Appendix offers several "Sorcerers of
Repute," a handful of magical relics and a bibliography of
inspirational works.

Enjoy!

LEGAL DISCLAIMER NECESSITATED BY STUPID
PEOPLE

Take a deep breath and repeat after me:

"1 am not a wizard. I am not a vampire. I
do not drink blood, worship Satan, or kill
animals or people."

Is that all clear, clear as in "crystal"? Asin

"Of course not!"? As in "Do Not Pass Go, Do
Not Collect $200, do not go on Rikki Lake and
brag about drinking blood?" Cool. Let's pro-
ceedas if thiskind of nonsense was unnecessary,
If it's not clear, throw this book and all
others like it in the nearest garbage can and go
seek mental help. Don't make your illness
other peoples' problem.
» Thank you.

INTRODUCTION

1


WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

CHAPTER ONE:
THE WAY OF THE
ORCEREK

Behold, a sacred voice is calling you;
Allover the sky, a sacred voice is calling you
— Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks

The whip' first strike takes me by surprise. On the second stroke, the pain sets in, quick and burning.
The third strike makes me mad, Knock it off! I want to scream, but desire keeps me silent. By the eighth
hard crack, the ecstasy begins. The world blurs in my tears and the pain becomes a rapture

Candlelight broken by tear mist warms the chill room. The floor seems to shake with each trembling
breath I gather. The thundercrack of twisted cords becomes a one-note symphony beneath the rattle of my
breathing. The latticework of stars across my back sings to me, sings of praisepassion and the fires of
mitiation

Their priestess and her sisters say nothing. To me, they're as faint as shadows on the wall.

I close my eyes and press the pain inside. Open into a whirling waltz of endless night and capering
colors. On my bare back, welts shine bloody. Stripes of Christ. Blood of witches. Pain of lovers who've
never learned another way to touch. Mortification of the flesh that forms one piece of a large eternity

Funny the things you think about at the end of a whiplash

Finally it stops. Cool water burns across my back. Scented water, ripe with herbs. Soft fingers trace
my marks. Lips press to the sacred stains. The cords across my wrists are loosened and the blood flows freely
back to my cramped fingers.

Heady scent of wine, held near my face in a silver chalice. Fleetshadow's voice: "What is the pact?"

My voice is deeper, husky as I reply: "Perfect love and perfect trust."

She kisses me, smiles. "Welcome to the family."

CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER


WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Editor's Note: The following piece has been excerpted
from "The Road of the Black Arts," an article by Sandeep
D'Souza. Presented in Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum,
Vol. LXXXXVI, the article generated protest from the
Arcanum's more "progressive" members who felt the
author presented too "conservative" a viewpoint of magi-
cal practices. Nevertheless, D'Souza is a recognized
authority on his subjects. His words may bear their author's
prejudices, but they still ring with informed truth, and
(some would say personal) experience.

It is worth noting that many of Mr. D'Souza's obser-
vations apply to all practitioners of the mystic arts,
Awakened and otherwise. Searching is searching, regard-
less of the treasure uncovered in the process.

Magus, Goetist, Theurge, they go by many names. For
convenience, we'll call them sorcerers. It's among the kinder
names they go by.

To cynics and modemists, sorcerers are relics, superstitious
reminders ofa bygoneage. But to those who know better, sorcerers
are real. They are men and women whocommand untold powers,
who live in the twilight world of the supernatural. In the places
where the word "technology" still sounds strange on the tongue,
the common folk speak in whispers of magicians and witches and
the unearthly powers they command.

Magic is still a very real thing. Millions of people across
the world ward themselves against the Evil Eye, bless their
families with potent signs and scutter off to the dark house on
the outskirts of town, searching for the lottery number or
love potion that will (they hope) make life a little more
bearable. For good and for ill, the magician understands the
power of this belief. He traffics in it, turns it to a trade. He
gathers his bones, watches the portent and occasionally
makes a brief appearance among the common folk. Such
dramatic (and often menacing) impressions reinforce the
sorcerer's reputation; his reputation, in turn, cements his
power, at least, within that town or village.

According to folklore, the magician has bargained his
soul to the darker powers. Even if that were a myth, his
lifestyle reinforces it as he undoubtedly locks himself away
from humanity, surrounded by a thousand eldritch tomes and
breathing the smoke of sulfur and corpse-dust. Why does he
do it? What power or knowledge could be worth the price?

THE NATURE OF THE BEAST

Magick is a faculty of wonderful virtue, full of most high
mysteries, containing the most profound contemplation of most
secret things... This is the most perfect, the chief science, that
sacred, and sublimer kind of philosophy, and lastly the most
absolute perfection of all most excellent philosophy

— Henry Cornelius Agrippa, Three Books of Occult
Philosophy


What is this "magic" that sorcerers practice? We could
attempt a common usage of the word:

Magic is the ability to affect change in the universe through
invoking the supernatural (Otherworldly beings, cosmic powers,
etc.) and forcing the will of the magician upon the forces of nature.

This is useful, but facile. Magic is more than simply a
technique for affecting change. It is a way of life, a means of
thought often rooted in, and inseparable from, a host culture.
It is a world view, not just a mode of controlling the world,
but a mode of actually perceiving it and participating in it.

Magic is universal; look to almost every culture and you
will find it. For some people, magic and religion are insepa-
rable — priests are sorcerers and sorcerers are priests.
Sometimes, it is a verboten art, practiced only in secrecy for
fear of condemnation. Occasionally it is fashionable, a method
of rebellion against authority, the church, family or all of the
above. At times, it even takes on the mantle of savior,
offering power and status to disenfranchised groups and
individuals (Negroes, women, Oriental immigrants, refu-
gees, etc.). At its heart, magic is all this and more. To define
a thing is to limit it, and true sorcerers care less about the
definition of magic than the operation of it.

The Black Art isa way of life. It is anew way of living in the
world, of seeing the unseen, of hearing the unheard. It isa means
of controlling what was never before even understood. Magic is
a means of learning the secret laws of creation, of tapping into
the hidden potentialities of the universe.

AWARNING

Make no mistake: Sorcery is in many ways a Black Art. To
share in its communion, a person might perform the most
abominable debasements, arrange the most hideous sacrifices
(of himself and of others) and seclude himself away from prying
eyes to perfect his art and mystique. A talented devotee may find
her way even in darkness, but many outstretched hands —from
evil spirits to mental instability —await the would-be magician.
Most human societies abhor the sorcerer, too. Witch burnings
have occurred as recently as this century, and religious authori-
tiesand police "cult-busters" squads investigate the all-too-often
bloody results of sorcery. He who would follow the magical path
must govern himself, his fellows and his practices, and shield
them from public eyes and private corruption.

Traditionally, women tend more toward the Black Art
than do their male counterparts. While folklore attributes male
magicians with complex esoterica, alchemy, theurgy and other
forms of god-service, the infamous portrait of the witch, govern-
ess of intuitive magics, occurs too often to be ignored. More
primitive cultures distribute their shamanistic practices more
evenly between the sexes, but among complex societies, High
Ritual Magic seems inextricably bound to the man, while
"common arts" — mediumship, fertility, brewing, herbalism
and weathercraft — are clearly attuned to feminine talents.

Suspicions rooted in this tendency have clearly led to many
unfortunate prejudices against the Fairer Sex; in all objectivity,
however, one might understand how such fears, on aman'sside,
might be justified. The witch is not a maid to be trifled with!
At the basest level of magical questing, the Infernalist sits,
impatient and remorseless. While most magical practices em-
phasize the search for personal perfection, the Infernalist —call
him warlock, diabolist, witch doctor —shuns this arduous road.
Satisfied with the "quick fix" of instant gratification, this
undisciplined sorcerer is the Black Art incarnate. While all
practices have their darker sides (too numerous to detail here),
the Infernalist shortcuts his way to power via a bargain with
outside forces. To placate them, he often indulges himself in vile
acts, torturous sacrifices and careless magics. While all sorcery
might understandably be considered suspect, the Infernalist
epitomizes its worst aspects: mortal spite and selfishness bound
to immortal power. Such men and women propagated — and
still propagate! —the evil reputation that defines the Black Art
in the minds of the scholar, the commoner and the clergyman.

THECALL

So, what is it that draws men and women to the study of
magic? Why do some individuals seek to enter that mysteri-
ous world from which there is no return?

Many are the reasons that compel magicians to traverse the
path of hidden wisdom. These motivations, often acquired early in
life, set the pathstones for a sorcerer's career. Though the cobble-
stones may wax and wane throughout his life, they glow clearly by
the light of the Hermit's Lamp (see "Images and Archetypes of the
Tarot," Vol. LXXIII). The road may appear haphazard to outsiders,
but to the magician, it remains plainly in view.

Not that the sorcerer is an inflexible beast. He might
change his path, his ways, his praxis, sometimes for the
better, often for the worse. A man who begins a study of the
Black Art might start out with all the noblest intentions;
soon, however, he finds himself lured from his path by power
and pride. The opposite is also true, though less likely: A
witch who begins her study with darkness in mind might
warm toward her gentler nature given time and practice.
Magic is, above all, a transformative art. Those who seek the
summits may find the Abyss, while those who pursue magic
to fulfill base instincts may one day seek higher things.

THE BECKONING SPIRIT

At the basis of any sorcerer's call to magic is the Yearning
— the inexorable feeling that something, somewhere, is
calling to the magus. That "something" is the Otherworld,
and the Yearning is the innate human desire to connect with
something greater than our human senses and abilities nor-
mally perceive.

CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER


Those who seek the magician's road see glimmers of the
Otherworld in many things: philosophy, poetry, the arts. The
average initiate of the Mysteries explores all of these avenues
and others. (Psychoactive drugs, religious meditations, alterna-
tive lifestyles and self-mortification are common "symptoms" of

a greater quest.) All of these avenues are explored and exam-
ined, but ultimately fail to quench the Yearning. Glimmers of
the Otherworld are not enough; the potential magician hungers
forsomething more intense — something imagined, never truly
felt, but innately understood.

The Otherworld is universal, even omniversal, but the
sorcerer tends to see it through the lenses of his culture and
beliefs. The Otherworld perceived by the Nephite Priest-
hood (who set their roots in 19th-century Mormonism) is
the same Otherworld perceived by the Fenian of Ireland and
the Mesoamerican Balamob shamans. Each group perceives
it differently, however, and each one clings to the idea that
his vision is the only true one.

Thus, all sorcerers are drawn to the Otherworld, to
different roads leading to the same destination. That road
itself is vital to the sorcerer who hopes to survive his initia-
tion. Each road might cross different terrain, but it still
provides the traveler some measure of safety. Straying from
the road is dangerous. Remember the fairy tales that instruct
you never to step off the path? That warning rings especially
true to the followers of the mystic
arts.

vvevyeegq¥éeeée
WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

MAGICIANS AND THE SACRED

Many magicians in ancient cultures were priests; the
term magus comes from a Persian word fora priestly caste that
excelled in astronomy. The relationship between magic and
the sacred is, however, a subject of great debate.

Cynics and atheists lump magic and religion in the same
category, and dismiss the whole thing as superstition. The pious
believe religion is greater than magic, something that transcends
it — particularly if they come from a religious tradition that looks
down on mere magicians. As faras the sorcerous— well, some see
magic as far greater than mere piety, while more religious magical
traditions might see the two operating hand in hand.

For most sorcerers, their magic is their religion. Itisas much
a religious vocation as anything else. Indeed, such "sacred
magicians" are often drawn to magical paths more often than
secular "thrillseekers," if only because their faiths lead them to
greater devotions. These "pious magicians" believe (perhaps
correctly) that the miracles performed by their brothers and
sisters in faith are confirmations of the religion's spiritual truth.

More secular magicians can feel the Otherworld just out
of reach, denied by the mundane cynicism and technology
that surrounds them. To remove the blindfold across their
o-called "truth"
beckoning from a bookstore shelf. Many of these so-called
"baby witches" soon outgrow their fascinations, or consume
themselves in catastrophes; the dedicated and talented ones
find roads every bit as legitimate as their pious predecessors,
and often acquire a faith of
their own in the process.

vision, these seekers often embrace any


THE HUNGRY MIND

Now that we understand the Yearning for the
Otherworld, we turn our attention to the would-be magician's
mind. What cognitive processes lead him along the Black
Art's path? What secrets turn him from the modern library to
the candlelit vault?

To begin with, magic feeds the mind as well as the spirit.
Those who follow the arts share a hunger for "bygone lore"
and an overwhelming suspicion that modern "science" con-
ceals more than it reveals. Magic is not a sport for the
slow-witted; it requires — no, it demands — an intellectual
steadfastness, dedication and discipline beyond the simple
"education" of the masses. To learn magic is to test one's self,
and to tax the powers of the hungry mind.

THE ANCIENT

In the Middle Ages, it was common to cite an "ancient
authority" to prove your point, when in fact no such author-
ity existed. What mattered was the weight of antiquity.

So it is with magic. There is a strong tendency to look
back to the past, to say that the Ancients lived in a greater
harmony with nature, with God, with the Universe, with
each other, etc. Many sorcerers are drawn to magic through
their romance with the past, which they idolize as a Golden
Age, lured by stories of lost civilizations such as Atlantis, Mu
and Lemuria, forgotten sages and prophets, or ancient texts

Consider it an "Eden complex." According to religious
texts, we were originally created in a state of perfection; the
human condition has slowly deteriorated ever since. From the
Eden of the Abrahamic traditions to the First Yuga of South
Asian traditions, the past is seen as a time of perfection.

The study of magic offers the promise of a return to that
state. Many sorcerers would say that we have forgotten the
ancient ways and primordial truths — but the sorcerers remem-
berand protect these keystones to the Grand Myth. In doing so,
they become myths themselves. Most sorcerers dress in archaic
fashions, speak significantly of "the Old Ways" and surround
themselves in the trappings of antiquity not only to link them-
selves to the bygone past but to become the romantic figures they
revere. Magic speaks of the literal glamour of the past.

THEHIDDEN

If something is hidden, it must be valuable.

Magicians are philosophical treasure-hunters, driven by
acompulsion to divine the secrets of the universe. The tools
to the magical will are not obvious — at least to the
untrained eye. Such instruments are occulted, hidden in
codes, wrapped in arcane scripts, buried in allegories and
metaphors, confounded in riddles. The magician loves to
solve such puzzles, to unravel the conundrums, to crack the
nut of secrecy and consume the fruit inside.

Though they seek many secrets, sorcerers rarely share
the things they find. Magicians learned long ago to hide from
open society, and for many reasons: fear of reprisal from a
superstitious public, fear of attack from enemies who desire
the magician's secrets, fear of other magicians and familiar
spirits, fear of the shadow-predators draped in their own
secrecy — the Vampyr, the Loup-Garou, the Kindly Folk,
etc. Some magicians believe that skepticism and disbelief rob
magic of its power, and do not care to test the theory by
holding their sacred arts up to ridicule. At the very least,
secrecy allows the magician to pursue her studies undisturbed
by curious "houseguests." (It is easy to see how a sorcerer's life
could be compromised by domestic obligations, a la the old
television show Bewitched.) This understandable secrecy
often causes a single magician's discoveries to "disappear"
upon her death; perhaps future seekers will uncover her
hidden lore, perhaps not. This "lost wisdom" factor adds to
the appeal of occult knowledge. Every searcher wants to
discover something other parties have overlooked.

One day the magicians' secrets will be made plain; until
then, sorcerers remain the guardians of secret things, and
that which is hidden is often simply lost.

THEPOWER

But he was, in any case, as vain as a peacock; that was why
he had become a Magician.

—C. S. Lewis, The Magician's Nephew

Let's not forget the obvious.

Some people simply learn the Black Art because they
want power. Perhaps the seekers desire empowerment, a sense
of fulfillment in a hostile world. Perhaps they crave vindica-
tion, redress or justified revenge. Maybe they seek some
heart's desire that eludes "normal" means. And sometimes —
quite frequently — they seek power over others for its own
sake.

Sometimes, this isn't a bad thing. A magician may study
the art because he feels compelled to right some wrong.
Might may not make right, but it can give "tight" more
stability. Some people take up sorcery for the same reasons
that lead more mundane seekers to work on the police force:
to serve and to protect.

The sad fact, however, is that many would-be sorcerers are
weak, petty creatures, bent on proving themselves to the rest of
the world. Love potions, divinations, curses — these are the acts
ofself-centered people. Thestereotype ofapimply-faced "heavy-
metal" teenager worshipping Satan in his parents' basement to
avenge a beating from the class jock is an overused image, but it
has roots in reality nonetheless.

CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER


Ideally, a sense of responsibility comes with great power.
As weall know, however, power corrupts, too. Responsibility
or corruption — the choice belongs to the sorcerer. The
ominous title "Black Art" comes from the choices so many
magicians make.

STEPS ALONG THE WAY

Only that knowledge that issues from the lips of the guruis alive;
other forms are barren, powerless, and the cause of suffering.

— Shiva Samhita, III. 11

Thus we understand the factors that compel a magician to
follow his arcane study, and the motivations that guide him
throughout his life. Once the sorcerer has chosen his vocation,
we must now ask which steps will he take? Becoming a magician
is not as simple as taking a class or reading a book. Sorcery for
Idiots does not exist (yet), and should such a book be written, it
would truly exist for the fool naive enough to thinkall the secrets
of the universe can be found in 150 pages.

THE STARVING STUDENT

The potential magus feels alienated from his society at
an early age. As he recognizes the Yearning and moves to
fulfill it, he begins a lifelong search for the Otherworld.

The mundane arts provide a common draw: poetry, paint-
ing, sculpture, music — anything that affords the hungry child
an opportunity to sate his Yearning becomes a treat for the
seeker. Creativity is the soul of the Universe, and few people
truly connect with it, magician or not. Still, the budding theurge
often turns to art as the first step of his journey.

The sensations of the flesh — drugs, sex, alcohol, self-
mortification — offer another fleeting lure as the hungry
magus tries again and again to either open his senses to the
world, or to close them completely. For some searchers,
delirium is only a tool, a means of ecstasy that is later
abandoned. For others, it becomes an addiction or obsession,
trapping the student in his own self-absorption.

Finally, esoteric philosophies offer their guiding light.
Sadly, the world is so overrun with "self-help" primers and
"new-age" canticles that a budding student faces a bewilder-
ing array of nonsense. The mystic paths that once truly
ushered a man or woman to new states of consciousness have
been diluted with profiteering half-truths. A questing stu-
dent often passes from philosophy to philosophy, keenly
drawing authentic esotericism from mindless drivel. Most
seekers are content to dance naked in the moonlight, banter-
ing about different planes of existence and the power of
crystals without ever truly realizing their quest.

Thus, the first step along the path is often the last.
Magically inclined searchers satisfy their Yearnings through
any number of means, spurious or genuine. Few of them truly
reach the Otherworld they seek; they might brush against it

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

now and then, but fail to grasp the prize when they find it.
Fewer still recognize the Yearning for what it is: a genuine
numinous experience, a spiritual revelation.

Few are lucky enough to find the true path, obscured
among the bramble and thorns of modern esotericism. There,
a searcher finds some font of truth and immerses himself in
its cold, mysterious water.

THE MENTOR

Thus he discovers the next portion of the magician's
toad — instruction in the magical arts. Rare is the magician
who is self-initiated, who has traveled the path without a
mentor. For most initiates, this segment must be undertaken
with a spiritual mentor, if only for sanity and survival.

The student-mentor relationship varies from tradition
to tradition. Always, however, it falls to the mentor to take
responsibility for the bond, to prepare her student for his new
role. Some masters may be kind, others abusive; each mentor's
duty is sacred, though, and difficult. The untrained student
is a pile of clay that, in time, must mold itself. The mentor
must teach his student how to transform from clay toa vessel
of knowledge. Through this transmission, magic survives.

The first step often involves physical, menial labor.
Humility and discipline — both of which are particularly
hard to develop in the modern age — are essential tools for
the aspiring magician. Through the mentor's direction, the
pupil learns these qualities, often at the end of a broom!

Some traditions — particularly shamanic societies and reli-
gious orders — believe that gods or spirits instruct the
student. Mediations, fasts and ordeals open the channel for
the spirits' arrival. Even then, amortal teacher must show the
initiate the way. A Hermit (again, see the Tarot symbology)
must guide her student down the road she has walked herself.

Thisisa period oflearningand unlearning. The student must
dissolve many misconceptions he once held — concepts that are
enough to sustain people blind to the Otherworld, but that prove
too thin for initiates of the magical arts. Notions of cosmology, of
the spirit, of man's destiny and his relationship to the Maker must
be questioned, overturned, reilluminated and ultimately rein-
stated. Most initiates take a new name to reflect their mystical
rebirth. During this period of breaking and remaking, a mentor is
essential. A center must be provided for the magician's reference
and return, and some force must drive him. By compelling the
student to solve seemingly unsolvable puzzles, the mentor breaks
her student's mental constructs, then reshapes them again.

In many magical traditions, these new notions still have
some cultural basis: Magic does not develop in a vacuum. A
Catholic magus of the Brotherhood of St. Hermes may learn
new dimensions to the concept of original sin, of the mean-
ing of Christ's crucifixion, and of salvation, but these
guideposts still come from within the context of Christian-
ity. Even though many sorcerers develop heterodox ideas,
their practices often remain rooted in their home culture.


Thus, it is that some magicians develop skewed ethics.
When "right" and "wrong" seem to become meaningless
concepts, the sorcerer decides they must be abandoned,
along with old notions of guilt, responsibility and taboo.
Indeed, there is some truth in that abandonment; even so,
just as old concepts must be unlearned, new and greater
notions of responsibility must be learned as well. In the
iconoclastic rush, many students forget this step.

Pity the initiate who never progresses beyond this stage
—and pity the magicians who fall back for any number of
reasons, froma lack of discipline to an inability to discern the
truth. For they have seen now the world of magic, and they
are a part of it, but they exercise no control over the Black
Art, and they are powerless before it.

THE ADEPT

Where the hungry yearns for the Otherworld, and the
student learns its ways, the adept now interacts with it. But just
like the student, the adept still has much to discover.
Straddling this world and the Otherworld, the adept
demonstrates the ability to move the world around
him. He has learned the language of the spirits, and
understands how to look into the future. The elements
are histocommand, and the dreamscape opens before him.

The wise magician realizes that this is not the end of
his journey as much as it is the beginning of a new one.
There is always some other magical talent to master, a new
insight to learn; the road goes ever onward.

A sorcerer's travels become lonelier here; he must leave
the spiritual mentor's company and stride out on his own. On
the road, he will doubtlessly find others like him, men and
women who straddle two worlds. And in time, the adept will
have learned enough so that he can teach someone else,
ensuring the survival of his magical tradition.

THEMASTER

How few reach this state!

The Master achieves the summit of his path, and the many
years of turmoil and struggle reach an end. The powers of magic
wait upon his whim, but chances are, he no longer needs them.
Should some emergency occur, those powers are close at hand;
by the time he reaches such a peak, however, the magician
realizes that magic is but a shadow of the truth it represents.

Many students consider themselves masters, but they
are vain creatures and foolish travelers. In general, the
greater the master, the more humble he appears. As with
any other skill requiring work and discipline, the Black
Art often teaches a master control and forbearance. The
road to magical mastery includes not just secrets and
hidden things, but wisdom and introspection.

CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER


True, everything has exceptions. Some master sorcerers
are horrid egotists, hell-bent on subsuming everyone and
everything to their will. This is especially true of accom-
plished Infernalists who deck themselves in the trappings of
power while avoiding the work that leads to true mastery.
Such rashness does, of course, beg an important question:
Are such wizards truly masters or simply immensely powerful
(but ultimately spoiled) brats?

Such creatures are not, I hasten to add, to be regarded
lightly, especially not by investigators of ouraugust Arcanum.
These sorcerers have knowledge without wisdom, and power
without mercy. Torments may wait at the end of their
Infernal road, but in the meantime such warlocks may bid
others to share those tortures with them.

THE RULES OF THE ROAD

The road that the novice sorcerer undertakes is long and
uneasy, fraught with danger. For those who have not yet
begun the path, it looks exciting, daring, and filled with
possibilities. But this road also has its own set of rules, many
of which are learned too late. You cannot attend a few
classes, pass a test, and then become a practicing sorcerer.

The Black Art is radical, powerful stuff, not mail-order
ministry. It is a long and arduous path, one that can take
years to master — assuming mastery is ever reached. The path
of the sorcerer is not for the weakling. The bones of students
and magicians alike can attest to its perils.

Magic does not come without a cost. One cannot simply
grasp a new vision of the universe without paying a price.
This cost is not measured in money, either; a sorcerer pays
the price in blood, toil, sweat and tears.

Magic is not easy to learn. If it were, more people would
learn it. Many are called but few are chosen, as the saying goes.
The road of the sorcerer is fraught with difficulty — sometimes
even agony. This art demands a toll of loneliness, sacrifice
(figurative and often literal), conflict and temptation. Divorce,
joblessness, addiction, terror, even death follow the sorcerer like
rats after a plague-wagon. Perhaps this is only coincidence. Or
maybe, as some masters teach, the universe tests — or punishes
— those who would master it.

ONE WAY

The Black Art is a one-way journey, too. Stepping on the
road to sorcery cannot be undone. Learning the arts of magic is
not like going toa vocational school. Thestudentcannotsimply
drop out and forget he ever tried. You see, magical opening is a
two-way process: Just as you learn more about the universe, the
universe is learning more about you. You have announced
yourself to the spirits, to the angels, to the demons — to
whatever concept your path is teaching you.

And you cannot turn around. They know you're there.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Once a magician has set out to find the darkness (or the
light, if he can), there can be no running away, no forgetting
or ignoring, no money-back guarantees. He has changed his
perceptions forever.

This presents one of the paradoxes of magic. You can
play with magic your whole life and never truly step on the
path. And you can just as easily tread the path without
realizing it.

In many ways, the Black Art is a destiny, not a choice.
You don't choose magic — it chooses you.

ATREATISE ON HEDGE WIZARDS

Success is for all who make themselves worthy of it.

—R. Swinburne Clymer, A Compendium of Occult Laws

Editor's Note: The following observations come from
Andrew Taylor, a member of the Awakened Order of
Hermes, and a student of the so-called "Orphans" his kind
often dismisses. Published in volume MLXXIII of the Pax
Hermeticum journal, his article "The Mortal Magus"
roused the same kind of controversy for its militant tone
that Mr. D'Souza's article elicited with its conservative
one.

How is it in our arrogant pride and presumption that we
so often and so easily overlook those workers of magic whom
we dismiss as lesser artists, as hedge magicians? We talk of
magick and of our own grand history — and at times it would
seem we do not know when to stop. "We are the shapers of
reality," we assert boldly. Beset by the Technocracy at our left
and the Nephandi at our right, with the Marauders nipping
at our heels, we hold aloft our sacred Arts and talk about the
un-Awakened whom we are to shepherd to Ascension.

How insufferably arrogant of us!

Our shadowy world has its share of occult secret societies,
fellowships that act independently of the Traditions, the Crafts,
or the multitude of other supernatural factions so familiar to our
kind. For every such society known, there is probably another
yet unknown, and for each society in its twilight years, there's
another fledgling society just around the corner.

Don't let our Awakened pride overwhelm you. Don't let
the vampires with their assertions of "We did all" delude you.
We're not the only ones washing our fingers in mortal society's
mirror pool. Mortals have their own role to play in our grand
pageant, and some of them do so with fire in their eyes and an
edge to their teeth. I speak of hunters, true. But more to the
point, I speak of our un-Awakened cousins, the sorcerers we
dismiss as hedge magicians. Without understanding the forces
they move, without remembering the roads that led us to our
own oh-so-Awakened state, we contemptuously wave our col-
lective hand at these "cultists and crystal wavers," or consider
them mere apprentices to our own Great Art.


A dangerous conceit at best; a suicidal one at worst. Take
my word for it, the so-called "hedgies" (what a nickname!) can
pack quite a punch in their own un-Awakened way. Without
the Queensbury Codes of Paradox, these tortoises may, with
luck, trip our hares. A proud magus might find himself surprised
by a hedge magician with a few tricks up her sleeve — and no
small amount of resources at her behest, either!

If there is one point to remember when considering a
magical society, it is this: Sorcerers and their fellowships
must follow jungle law — survival of the fittest. A magical
society that became extinct five centuries ago may have been
a significant, thriving force, until, for some reason or an-
other, it could no longer survive. Maybe it was unable to keep
up with the times, or maybe it was simply taken down by some
basic sorcerous warfare. This does not necessarily mean that
the society was unimportant or that it did not hold certain
keys to the truth in its grasp. This fact is no-less true of the
hedge wizards' groups than it is of our Traditions. Consider-
ing how dangerous their foes are. It may be that in their own
ways, those societies are stronger than our own!

Butwhatdowetrulyknow ofourcousins, these lessersorcerers?
Some of our own began as hedge magicians. Some True Mages
respect the insular societies outside our own sphere of influence (no
pun intended), but many of ussimply see these sorcerers as children
playing with fire — marveling at the match in their hands but
oblivious to the pillar of fire behind them. And so we casually
dismiss them, at times using them if they serve our benefit.

Should you have congress with such sorcerers, | would
urge you to consider a few things:

© They are Not Crafts

These groups should not be confused with the more
familiar Crafts. Such societies typically contain only minor
magicians, and their paradigms are so constricting that few
Awakened could hold to their vision for very long. They
could never truly join us as equals, for their vision is rather
narrow and their abilities, to be blunt, quite limited. Still,
such societies have their own truths, and as we know, truth
is subjective.

* They are Not Our Hunters

Hedge magicians have no intrinsic reason to seek our
enmity or conspire toward our downfall. Should a wizard plot
against us, he does so for personal reasons; as a whole, their
societies offer us no harm. Do not let your own power beguile
you — these are effective, dedicated men and women who
with no doubt could harm us if they chose to; while they
hardly pose the threat of the Technocracy or the Nephandi,
they could gnaw at us until we fell to a major foe.

Indeed, many of them face the same hunters we do; from
the persistent scholars and investigators of the Arcanum to
the zealots of the Society of Leopold, sorcerers have learned
from history to watch over their collective shoulder for fear
of discovery. We magicians — Awakened and otherwise —
share a common door when the Inquisitor comes knocking.

* They Sometimes Become Our Allies

Speak to these wizards of the Ascension Wars, and they
might think you were mad. Many of them are driven by the
same purposes as we; deconstruct their worldviews and be-
liefs, and you will often find men and women who seek
enlightenment as we do. Given the opportunity, some magi-
cians choose toside with us. The Technocrats mean relatively
little to them — indeed, the Technocracy is quite unknown
to most sorcerers — but again they may develop personal
reasons to rage against the machine. Those sorcerers driven
by ethics and religions make remarkable allies against the
Nephandi; the Fallen, I might add, use un-Awakened diabo-
list cults for the same reason, and do so to great effect.

* They are Not Our Servitors

Do not deign to seek their service, for they are their own
masters. Wecan preach tothem about the virtues of True Magick,
and of how their arts are inferior to ours, and of how our noble
cause is so much more compelling than whatever private or
communal ideologies they pursue — but these men and women
are strong-willed and not easily swayed. They would rather walk
alone and continue down the path they have begun than simply
act as our foot soldiers. On occasion, a sorcerer can be convinced
to follow in our retinue, but he's not likely to stay for long.

© Their Magics are Constrained by Reality

Make no mistake; these minor mages are Awakened —
aftera fashion. Their Avatars have been opened to a magical
path, but sadly they rarely advance beyond it. Like an
apprentice who has grown so full of herself that she cannot
make the leap from student to adept, the average hedge mage
sees only what is put in front of him, not what surrounds him
on all sides. Because of this, he may master a few limited
magics, but cannot truly suborn nature to his will in the same
way we can. He learns rituals and rites and spells and
talismans — all valid means of affecting change in the world
around him — but his magics lack the malleability and
potency that our magick, True Magick, allows.

© Their Magics are Reality

This does not necessarily make him weak. Although the
hedge magician performs arts constrained by reality, this
means that by definition reality allows him to perform magic.
Paradox is simply not a fear for the hedge magician — at
worse, skepticism and disbelief may prevent his magic from
succeeding; those elements will not coil and strike the way
Paradox does. Like vampires and shapechangers, our un-
Awakened cousins exist in a reality where their magics and
the static mundane world have reached some sort of truce —
and in this regard they are more powerful than we!

Ifnothing else, let us use these sorcerers as a gauge of our
success against the Technocracy. For as long as the hedge
wizard can effectively perform his hidden arts, then magic
still exists, and our cause is not yet lost.

CHAPTER ONE: THE WAY OF THE SORCERER


P=
=
EA
=
=
S
Ss
Ss
Ss


CHAPTER TWO:

THE FACES OF
SORCERY

them down and transmit them secretly to those who are like you in

For my part, [have told you all things,:so that you might write

spirit. For this is the mystery of the immovable race

Te was a delightful dinner, to be sure. I found my companion
charming, educated, and a pleasant conversationalist. Our talk
ranged from subject to subject — ancient history during appetiz-
ers, current affairs during primi piatti, and philosophy during
secondi piatti. Finally, our succulent deserts aside and coffee in
hand, we turned to the conversation that we held annually

We debated the philosophy of magick — or ashé as he so
colloquially referred to it — and argued metaphysics. I found him
no less stubborn than the last time. He was fully unable to discuss
the art of magick without reference to his own particular tradition.
This Uzoma bambalawo, transplanted years ago from Nigeria to
Chicago, still spoke of the orishas and his priestly duties and
initiations (or at least what secrets he felt comfortable divulging to
me), and my talk of Umbral spirits, the Technocracy and the
Ascension War fell again and again on deaf ears.

He was by now a most accomplished hedge magician (a
phrase I've never used around him, of course), much wiser and
more powerful than the young Uzoma initiate I met in Africa those
many years ago. And though he had been educated at the finest

Western universities and now worked in international business,
he still could not break free from his utterly provincial worldview.

The Secret Book According to John, V: 28

I knew, again, that he would not join our cause. Fate might
make us allies on occasion, as it did those many years ago, and we
can be friends, but my war is not his, and his world is not mine.
Though I may hope for his true enlightenment one day, I fear he
may never Awaken, and his Avatar shall be locked in this
imperfect state, semi-aware but crippled.
220999

I met him once more, as he asked, though I no longer take any
pleasure in our meetings. The food was pleasant enough, but the talk
was completely artificial. My host jumped from topic to topic in an
attempt to be cosmopolitan and urbane, but all throughout the
conversation I could not help but feel like I was being tested. This was
nothing new; in fact, I'm quite used to it from Westemers who like to
see how "westemnized" I've become thanks to my college education

According to habit, after dinner we turned once again to
more philosophical discussions. He wished to discuss ashé, to
argue about its properties and qualities, just as he does every year.
Discuss it? As though I would care to discuss breathing, or eating
or drinking! No, I would gladly share my knowledge of the orishas
with those who wish to learn, but not those who would dissect my
faith and then talk about the superiority of their own beliefs.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


This man, a "Hermetic magus of the ancient House Bonisagus"
—no doubt a compatriot of those vain and foolish Aeon Rite wizards
— spoke at length. He talked of ascension wars, and of the reign of
disbelief, and tried to classify the orishas according to some silly scheme
that made no sense tome. For all his knowledge, he so lacked wisdom!
I would have nothing of his talk. He has spouted such gibberish
since I came to his aid in Nigeria — fool that he was, he attempted to
summon dark orishas to do his bidding! — and every year he attempts
to convert me to his war. I have little wish to aid wizards battling each
other for greater honor and glory. Children! I serve the orishas and the
orishas alone — not human pride and vanity.

As we departed, he said that he had not lost hope that my
"avatar" would still awaken. And I said I would pray that he saw
the light and used his powers for a less self-serving purpose.

ON THE FRINGE

The World of Darkness teems with clandestine societ-
ies, each with its own unique perception. Everyone seems to
have his or her own answers to the questions in the dark, and
as any student of the mysteries knows, one answer rarely fits
all queries. Indeed, the studied mystic knows how to reach
beyond simple truths to find the symbols of a greater Truth
behind them — a Truth all know but few understand.

This chapter explores several societies within the greater
realm of magical study. Unlike the Traditions or clans, these
groups don't belong to any grand confederation. Few of them
share any contact with each other whatsoever; oh, sure, the
Uzoma wise man might have heard tales of the wandering Dust
Prophets, but such travelers rarely cross that wise man's borders,
so why should he care what they do? Each society has its own
perspective, its own practices, its own prejudices. Compared to
the larger, more organized Traditions and Conventions, these
independent fellowships are pretty small. Most of the groups
mentioned below have less than 100 members, and several have
less than 50 (not counting their various servants and allies).
Still, each society plays its part in the larger drama of the magical
‘quest —a play that may beall the more significantfor itssecrecy.

Every society, magical or otherwise, has its own mythology,
its own tales and symbols through which it views the world.
Some of these myths may leave a Storyteller puzzled. Did
Nephite Priests, refugees of lost Zion, actually wander the
American wilderness hundreds of years ago? Are the Thal'hun
deluded New Age magicians, or do their powers really come
from some forgotten alien race? To the sorcerers described here,
those truths are absolute. It falls to the Storyteller to decide
which, if any, of such myths are true, which ones are folklore,
and which ones represent some greater Truth. Magic, like
politics, is never as simple as it first appears to be.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

FORMAT

© Testament: This section details the history of the
group as it is told within that society. It isn't History 101, and
you won't be told what "really" happened. Instead, you'll see
the group through its own eyes, see what makes them tick,
what keeps them running and what draws their fire.

THESOCIETY

Within a more objective look at the society, we explore
three aspects of its activities:

© Magic: What's the group's philosophy of magic? What does
it believe magic to be, and how does it put those mystic arts to use?

* Initiates: How are new members of the society re-
cruited? What's the group looking for? How does it train
these initiates to full membership, and what form does the
initiation ceremony assume?

© Organization: How is the group organized? How do the
members function together, and whodo they look toforleadership?

RELATIONS

No one is alone in the dark. Not everyone realizes that
fact, however, and in the shadows, certain things become
vague. This section explores the fellowship's relations with
other Hidden Folk:

¢ Hunters: Other nightbound mortals occasionally
cross paths with magicians. Which groups, if any, take a
special interest in this society's affairs?

© Other Magicians: Many of these groups exist in separate
worlds. Many others meet their counterparts on a regular basis.
What sparks fly between which societies, and why?

© Mages: The Awakened have their own quests and battles;
even so, many of them encounter their "lesser" cousins on a regular
basis. How do the magicians regard the mages, and vice versa?

© Others: The night is alive. How do the supernatural
creatures on the fringes of the world regard this particular
group? Are they friends, rivals or bitter enemies? And why?

CHARACTERS

This section deals with the group in pure game-system
terms. A player or Storyteller who wants to run a character
from this society should know:

© Concepts: No sorcerer spends her entire life slinging
spells around. What kinds of people join this society? Which
character concepts are most common among them?

© Traits: The character Traits a typical magician from
this group might have.

© Preferred Paths: The Paths this society considers
important. Most magicians from this group will begin their
training in one or more such disciplines.

© Magical Style: The form that magic takes, and the
things these sorcerers do to make it happen.

|

ANCIENT ORDER OF THE AEON

RITES

VISIONS OF A BETTER WAY

We hold the very secrets of Creation.

Although our Order was founded in the latter years of the 19th
century, we are a spiritual society whose origins go back millennia, to the
very beginning of time immemorial, and the foundation of the sacred
wisdom. Foritwas then that the great Divinity, whosenameis 1 AM, first
unveiled to the worthy, the secrets of enlightenment. Over the years, His
sacred revelation grew and was manifest to those who could perceive the
mysteries. Like a river flowing through many lands, slowly polluted
through time, this sacred wisdom likewise changed with each passing
generation until it finally became a thing unrecognizable across the world,
hidden in the ancient traditions of many nations. But it was in 1872 that
our founder, Magister Johannes Agrippa, first gathered together these
disparate strands of sacred wisdom and wove them together into the sacred
unity that we now perceive as the most true and perfect path to perfection.

Magister Agrippa was born in 1843 with the terrestrial name
of Jan van Rensselaer. He received his first vision of the divine at
age five. On that day, in a profound revelation, he learned he
would be the next Messiah, and was shown the Invisible Worlds
and their many inhabitants good and evil and neutral alike. He had

many such visions, and his wisdom grew. But Master Agrippa did
not lead an easy life; the lives of those such as we, men and women
destined to perfection and enlightenment, are fraught with diffi-
culty. Master Agrippa was shunned and chastised by his peers and
family when he spoke of his visions and insights. His father was a
Lutheran minister who beat young Jan regularly for his idolatrous
talk. Thus did the Master learn the ignorant blindness of man.
Jan floated from job to job, unable to hold any occupation for
long. Still, he became a prodigious student of arts and letters. His
Greek and Latin were superb; to those languages, he added the study
of Hebrew and Aramaic, Arabic, Sanskrit, and, of course, French
and English. His visions still came regularly, but he had learned never
to divulge them. Instead, he recorded them in his personal journals.
These visions typically came at night when he slept, or sometimes in
the early evening as he meditated according to ancient Chaldean
precepts. Thus did the Master learn discretion and the art of secrets.

In 1865, the spiritual world stood in clear revelation. The
Master cried with fear and delight as his spiritual third eye was fully
opened. Sadly, enlightenment came at a most inopportune time by
mundane standards. He was, at this time, aclerk in a bank —a bank
whose manager did not appreciate employees falling to the ground in
ecstasy. Thus the Master was dismissed from his position and sent
home seemingly without a future

But without this event, Master Agrippa's wisdom would have
been lost tous, lost without communication or refinement. Alone, Jan

would have remained a silent mystic, laboring in obscurity and dying

vy VY yy
CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


without heirs. By grand fortune, one of the bank's customers that day
belonged to a secret mystic order (even the wisest magicians must
occasionally tend to Earthly matters!). Understanding what he had
seen, the visitor — Sir Adamson Tinsdale — followed young Jan
home. The next evening, he offered to teach the future Master many
secret things, and accepted Jan as his new apprentice.

Thus began Jan's tutelage. He studied the Hermetic corpus,
ancient texts of Sumerian astrology, Indian alchemy and Chinese
geomancy. But he did far more than study this esoteric lore; in the
secrecy of Tinsdale's sanctuary, Jan learned Enochian — the angelic
tongue — and rites to summon and bind Otherworldly spirits.
Talented beyond his years, Jan soon surpassed his mentor. In time,
he found new masters — the Secret Watchers, spiritual entities who
claimed that they too had once been mortal and frail. The Secret
Watchers contacted Jan in dreams and trances, initiating him into the
hieratic mysteries. Thus did the Master reach beyond.

In 1872, Jan's tutelage under the Secret Watchers led him to
the discovery of the Aeon Rites, a series of rituals recorded in
Enochian. These magical rites were of supernatural origin, re-
corded by the first and most powerful mystics of Earth's ancient
past — rites that, if followed, would lead humans away from
animal ignorance to the sublime glory of the | AM.

As he studied the Rites, Jan learned more about his spiritual
masters. Indeed, the Secret Watchers had personally authored the
Aeon Rites. The first mystics knew that humans would not
comprehend or master these teachings for millennia, and so they
dispersed the Rites in lesser forms. In time, these rituals (now
diluted) worked themselves into every mystic practice. The au-
thors themselves passed through the veil of mortality, settling on
the spiritual plane. From their new home, they sent visions into the
mortal world, visions that would guide humanity to spiritual
perfection. The Watchers believed that humanity was ready to
learn a pure form of magical and spiritual teachings, and that Jan
was the most worthy candidate to receive them. Thus was young
Jan selected to receive the Aeon Rites, and to use them to usher in
anew humanity. Jan chose to take the name Johannes Agrippa,
in honor of two mystics who were themselves now part of the
Secret Watchers, and pledged himself to the task of spreading the
Aeon Rites.

This was the time of Darwin and the Industrial Age, but also
atime spiritual awareness and occult experimentation. As Johannes
spread word of his revelations, the arcane community burned with
excitement. Some occultists supported the Master's claims, others
vilified them, but occult societies are like that. The thrill seekers
lost their interest in the Aeon Rites as sensation followed sensa-
tion. As the careless ones departed, the steadfast stayed behind.

And so it was that by 1873, the Master had gathered a circle
of men and women who wanted to learn from him. Pledging his
most sacred Order to personal perfection and enlightenment, he
initiated his followers according to the Aeon Rites. Within five
years, Master Agrippa had developed a divine hierarchy based
upon the Aeon Rites, which prevented the unworthy from ascend-
ing to ranks they were not yet qualified to have. To progress in the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Order, a magician must prove himself worthy enough to do so.
Such worthiness extended past mere occult accomplishment; to
truly progress, one much share his bounty with other less-fortu-
nate people.

For 15 years Johannes maintained our Order — an Order
that was both new and ancient. As the Order grew and flourished,
troubles began. Such things are to be expected; seekers like
ourselves are rarely meek and trusting. When Master Tinsdale,
Master Johanne's wife, and a counselor who had threatened to
reveal Aeon secrets all passed away suddenly, their deaths cast
suspicion across our Order. Still, Magister Johannes stood as a
beacon of clarity and wisdom, and the Fratres and Sorores of the
Ancient Order followed him with utter devotion and faith. During
this time, the Master's visions persisted. The Watchers still
communed with him, and he recorded their impressions in his
journals. In time, his transcribed visions became our texts of
magical instruction and the foundations of our Order.

When Master Johannes died, we were equally sad and oyful.
Though we had suffered a great loss, we knew that our Master had
finally been called to the other side, where he would continue to
guide us, freed from all mortal concerns. Sadly, few of his
successors possessed his charisma and vitality. The Ancient
Order's membership withered until the 1960s, when only a
handful of members remained.

In the 1960s and 1970s, men and women once more
followed the call of the Otherworld. Amid the wreckage of dark
cults and dead-end covens, our own Order prospered once again.
Nestled among the false fellowships of witch, fakir and Satanist,
we still promote our sacred gospel. Quietly, carefully, we spread
the vision of the Watchers and prepare the world for a new and
more spiritual era.

The Aeon Rites endure!

THE SOCIETY

"A new and better way is just out of reach." How many times
have we heard such promises in the modern world? Yet to the
Order of Aeon Rites, the better way hasbeen hidden in plain sight
formany years. Allwe humanshave todoissetaside ourignorance
and embrace the deeper wisdoms revealed in The Book of Aeon. It
all seems far too simple, but simplicity amid commotion is what
the Order is all about. Fittingly enough, this fellowship traces its
origins to a hallucinating bank clerk. As ancient as its practices
may seem, the Order's foundation sits plainly in the modern age
—an age deeply in need of spiritual refuge.

On thesurface, these magicians seem selfless and altruistic. To
hear them talk, a new era or prosperity is around the comer, and
they, of course, are holding the door open wide for everyone else.
There's no doubting the sincerity of Master Agrippa's devotees —
advancement within the Order is hard-earned. Still, Aeon magi-
cians are insufferably smug as a rule. No one could be as wise,
temperate and visionary as they claim to be. Are these wizards
simply self-righteous nuisances, or do they know something that

more-|
as easy to grasp as they would have you believe, or is their message
simply one more arcane drone in the halls of magic?

mistic magicians miss? Could it be that contentment is

One never knows, does one?

MAGIC

The Ancient Order of the Aeon Rites is the inheritor of a
melange ofesotericand metaphysical belief systems from both the
East and West. The bulk of its magical systems resemble those
found in other societies from the same era (such as the Hermetic

Order of the Golden Dawn), and are derived from older Greco-

Egyptian texts, particularly the Corpus Hermeticum. AOAR

magic isnot for the dabbler; it relies strongly upon book leaning,

esotericknowledge, ritual prac-

tices and meditation.

In addition to the
various magical practices

common among occult

societies, the Order

practices a series of its

own secret rituals: the
Aeon Rites. These
rituals provide a path
of initiation peppered

with metaphysical
Although AOAR

magicians incorporate

ide

magical techniques

from disparate

sources, they em-
ploy them with the
Order's own refinements. According to
Master Agrippa, all other occult studies and cults are corrup-

tions of the truths known tothe Secret Watchers. Toemploy the
purest form of magic, one must understand the Aeon way.
Magister Johannes authored his own commentaries on the
Aeon Rites and penned the visions he received. Their compila-
tion, called The Book of Aeon, offers a complete cosmological
treatise about the metaphysics of the universe, the history of the
Secret Watchers, the spiritual nature of humanity, the secret

history of the world, and glimpses of its future.
Everything is symbolic to members of the Order. Spirits,
planets and numbers all have unique correspondences, often
linked to the Hebrew alphabet, and lessonsare imparted through
arcane, multi-layered allegories. AOAR spells rely upon magi-
cal sigils (which draw upon the power of numbers arranged in
asquare grid) and the magical properties of geometric symbols

and uncanny designs. To work her arts, an Aeon Rite magi-
cian employs sacred mathematics — Pythagorean theories
that ascribe potentials to different polygons. The most sig-
nificant polygons are the triangle, square, pentagram and
hexagram. By tracing these shapes in the air or on the

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERT


ial
4)

ground and reciting the proper verses from The Book of Aeon, a
magician might draw spirits to the mortal world forcommunion.
Astrology (real study, not supermarket horoscopes) plays
an important magical role, too. Conjunctions between different
celestial bodies produce different spiritual harmonies. A magi-
cian versed in astrological magic uses her skills for more than
simple divination; by working with the energies of certain
planets, the Aeon sorcerer may enhance her spells. Aggressive
martial magic, for instance, would draw upon the properties of
Mars, while amorous magic channels the power of Venus.

Most AOAR magicians also utilize Enochian, the legendary
"tongue of the angels." While the Order of Hermes claims sole
proprietorship over this mystical language, various versions of the
tongue have circulated across the occult world; even cheap
paperback "magic tomes" boast a few scraps of true Enochian
letters. The AOAR employsa variantcredited to Master Agrippa,
who received Rites in English, Latin and Enochian before trans-
lating the whole batch into "true Enochian" for The Book of Aeon.
All AOAR magics rely upon symbolic paraphernalia, too —
wands, cups, swords, branches, ashes and dust. A Magister's tools
are specially made, often from expensive materials, and dedicated
toaid that magician and no other. From his ritual robe and swords
tothe magical lumen and circlet, each sorcerer's instrumentholds
its own purpose and meaning in ritual work.

The AOAR's rituals are elaborate events performed in
specially consecrated tabernacles. Everything has a purpose in
an AOAR tabernacle, andall elements must be exact. From the
number of columns in a room to the size of sacred polygons
etched on the floor to the colors of the cubic altar's cloth
coverings, everything has asacred resonance tothe Otherworld.

INITIATES

AOAR magicians prowl the occult communities in search of
potential recruits. Notorious "poachers," they've gained a reputa-
tion for luring potential recruits away from other organizations and
into their own. This stigma is offset somewhat by the good deeds
theydo. Inthe fractious world of occult politics, magicians from this
Order display an unusually cool temperament, keen etiquette and
generosity. Perhaps they're onto something after all.

Only the brightest individuals are chosen for the AOAR;
candidates must be well-read, mannered and eloquent. Since the
Aeon Rites have supposedly been dispersed throughout a variety
of occult sciences, most AOAR sorcerers prefer to initiate prac-
ticing occultists and other students of the mysteries. Aeon Rite
mentors encourage magicians who have become discouraged by
the dark tone of most occult groups to "walk in light" —to throw
away the black robes and pursue the sacred Rites.

Potential initiates learn the basic precepts and history of the
AOAR including the career of Magister Johannes, the truth about
the Secret Watchers, and the existence of the Aeon Rites (many
ofwhich arealready partially known tooccultistsand scholars of the
arcane). Noneofthe AOAR'sgreatersecretsare revealed untilafter
a candidate's initiation into the first Degree (Apprentice); each

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

additional Degree reveals more secrets of the Aeon Rites. As the
initiate advances through the Degrees, he learns to discard the
watered-down rituals of other systems and relies almost solely upon.
magics revealed through the Aeon Rites themselves. Study, medi-
tation, acts of charity and leadership mark the path of Degrees. A
selfish, hardhearted sorcerer has no place in the AOAR, and the
Order lets such magicians know this straightway.

ORGANIZATION

The Ancient Order of the Aeon Rite observes a strict
hierarchy with nine initiatory levels grouped into three
categories:

* Outer Level — the Pupils: The First to Third
Degrees; gathered into Lodges, these magicians do most of
the "mundane" work while learning the initial secrets.

Inner Level — the Fratres and Sorores: The Fourth,
Fifth and Sixth Degrees, who supervise the Lodges, take care
of the Order's common matters and spend their time pursu-
ing great truths,

© Supreme Level — the Magisters: Degrees Seven
through Nine, who send occasional advice and commands to
the lesser ranks, but spend most of their lives in contempla-
tion and deep study.

Advancement through the ranks is only possible by
initiation through the Aeon Rites and prodigious good
works. A Lodge's elders will determine whether an indi-
vidual is worthy of promotion or not.

The Aeon Tabernacle forms the ruling body of the AOAR; it
sponsorshigh-level initiation, monitorsthe AOAR'scoffers (which,
thanks to initiation and membership tithes, investments and other
contributions, are quite rich), and funds charities, scholarships and
hardship grants. The Aeon Tabernacle's office, meeting space and
templeare located in Johannes Agrippa's Amsterdam canal-house,
the home of the Order's main library and archives. Here, the
original transcripts of the Aeon Rites are stored and studied. They
are never moved, and have been securely guarded and warded.

The ultimate rank (Tenth Degree) cannot be achieved by
a living human being; this is the level of supreme spiritual
master, the level of the Secret Watchers — now including
Magister Johannes himself — who still guide AOAR sorcerers
through their dreams. Only the Secret Watchers themselves
may accept a deceased Magister into their fellowship.

All Aeon Rite magicians seek visions from the Watchers;
sadly, the Watchers aren't always quick to respond. In the last few
years, only Master Agrippa has appeared; this silence dims the
Order's light. Secretly, some Order members have begun to
wonder whether their fellowship is actually guided by ascended
masters, mischievous spirits, demons, angels or even amegaloma-
niac magician — Master Agrippa himself — who only appears to
be dead. This suspicion, added to the Order's earlier schisms and
murders, causes tensions within the AOAR. Desperateas they are
to believe ina healing truth, some Aeon Rite sorcerers assume a
rather militant stance —"Thisis the truth! We do have the Great

Answer!" —and refuse to hear otherwise. Dissidents have a way
of disappearing —or turning up dead— if they question the origin
of the Masters' advice. Is the Order a bastion of hope, or is ita cult
of personality led by a mad bank clerk with an unhealthy skill for
magic?

Like we said, one never knows...

RELATIONS

¢ Hunters: Although the Arcanum has extensive files on the
AOAR, those files are somewhat out of date. The Society of Leopold
watches the group from afar; although they suspect sinister motiva-
tions behind the Order's generous facade, the AOAR does toomuch
good to warrant an immediate purge. When, in 1948, an Eighth
Degree Aeon devotee joined the Sons of Tertullain (see The Quick
and the Dead), he ignited a war that lasted for years and reduced the
Order'salready fragile membership to 1 Omagicians—itslowestpoint
since its inception. The AOAR dropped out of sight until the 1960s
and still hides from the fanatical ghost-hunters; if the Order bears a
grudge against anyone, it is the Sons.

© Other Magicians: While all magical societies con-
sider themselves the bearers of the One Truth, the Ancient
Order seems to be a bit more obnoxious about it than most.
While they've been known to help other magicians, the cost
of that help often includes a convert or two. This "proselytiz~
ing" has not made the AOAR any real friends.

© Mages: Hermetic House Ex Miscellanea keeps close
ties to the AOAR, and uses the "lesser mages" as a charity
society and recruiting ground. Some Hermetics believe it is
a shame to see such dedicated seekers so determined to be
blind. As far as the mages are concerned, the Aeon Rites
magicians focus so intently on external acts and symbols that
they miss the internal journey of transformation. In doing so,
they walk straight past what they try so hard to achieve. Still,
claim the Hermetics, the wizards' hearts are in the right
place. Perhaps their Secret Watchers are clever mages,
guiding a particularly clever band of consors on a mission to
spread the mystic gospel...

© Others: Unbeknownst to the Aeon magicians, a pack
of Bone Gnawer werewolves has taken it upon themselves to
protect the Order's Boston temple — a renowned center of
charity called Saint Simon's Rest. Aside from a few minor
encounters, other beings overlook the AOAR. At best, this
group of progressive Samaritans resembles a Golden Dawn
offshoot that refuses to acknowledge that its day has past. It's
too small to play any major role in arcane politics.

ANCIENT ORDEROF THE AEON RITE CHARACTERS

* Concepts: Antiquarian, linguist, occult
scholar, professor, dilettante, social worker.

* Traits: As educated men and women, all
AOAR sorcerers have high Mental Traits, plenty
of Knowledges (Cosmology, Linguistics, Lores,
Occult Sciences) and wealthy Backgrounds (In-
fluence, Resources, Sanctuary). As a rule, they
tend to be kindly magicians with open hands and
keen minds.

* Preferred Paths: Enchantment, Ephemera,
Summoning (Daimonic).

* Magical Style: The Order advocates a deeply
symbolic ritual craft. Each item, each word, each
minute of the ritual is chosen for its significance.
The phrase, "High Ritual Magic" doesn't do these
magicians justice — everything must be meticu-
lous or the spell cannot succeed.

When roused, the Order's powers are subtle
but strong, and carry a vivid magical "taste" of
antiquity, hope and emotion. If the Storyteller
wants to add a bit of extra flavor, she might lower
the difficulty of certain workings (one or two) or
add to their Dice Pool if the AOAR player chooses
a planet to direct his spells and invokes that planet
during the ritual.

WHY DABBLE WITH A BASTARD FRAGMENT OF WISDOM WHEN YOU MIGHT BASK IN THE
LIGHT OF THE UNDILUTED TRUTH OF ALL THINGS? IF YOU'RE WILLING TO TURN AWAY
FROM LESSER DISTRACTIONS, COME JOIN US. WE COULD PUT YOUR SKILLS 10 GOOD USE.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


BALAMOB

BLOOD OF THE NIGHT-CAT

The blood of kings runs through us, my son. Though you see
us as nothing more than farmers and peasants, remember this:
Ours is a lineage that stretches back hundreds, even thousands of
years, before the coming of the Europeans and the Church of
Rome. Centuries ago, a great empire spread across this land.
Mayan warrior-kings fought with each other, using powerful
magics as taught by the spirits. This empire is nothing but
crumbling stone now, scavenged by historians and collectors of
antiques like ants at a picnic, but we still remember the old ways.
We were priests then, and we were kings. We are the Balamob,
the Jaguar Champions, and ours is the way of the spirits-Ours is
an ancient memory, for the Balamob go back to the distant past
even before the rise of our kingdoms. Those years are as clouded
memories to many; it was in the years after the great Hero Twins
Hunahpu and Xbalanque had gone to the Underworld and were
sacrificed to the Lords of Xibalba. In the land beyond death, they
learned many secret things, including the arts of renewal and
transformation. Upon their return, the twins taught these secret
things to their chosen cousins, the Balamob, those who would
protect the world from the harmful spirits of Xibalba. In time, the
Balamob were seen as gods as well.

The first Balamob learned of ch'ulel, the stuff of the soul, and
itz, the magical sap of the World Tree — the sacred axis that we
see represented in the natural world by the Ceiba and the Copal
trees. They leamed of the wayob, the companion spirit animals
who would guide the itzamna in their vision trances. The first
Balamob used these abilities to fight the dark spirits who preyed on
the edges of mankind: vicious, blood-frenzied monsters who
sometimes wore the skin of men and culled our peoples for many
years.

Eventually these battle-beasts disappeared — although they
still can be found in the dark woods, I assure you! — but other
spirits sought to harm our people. Who knows why? Some, no
doubt, envied us for our flesh (something the spirits can never
have), while others followed the dictates of Ah Puch, the Lord of
Death. Even then, we did not fight these creatures alone. Our
forefathers and old grandmothers knew the jaguar-folk, creatures
neither fully man nor jaguar. With them, our ancestors fought the
demons and death spirits who ravaged the land. Under our
protection, the people prospered. Kingdom after kingdom grew in
our lands, and in the lands north and south of us.

In time, the Balamob came to lead our people; with spirit
power and spirit wisdom, our forebears guided the Maya through
prosperity and adversity alike. We sacrificed blood as propitiation,,
and we kept the people to the ways of the gods. It was not then as
itis now; now we must hide from accusations of devil-worship and
witchcraft. In those days, the people revered us. Notall kings were

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Balamob, nor were all Balamob kings, it is true. But king and
queen and Balamob worked together for our people's benefits, and
the people grew strong.

But, of course, we were people, and people do not change.
Greed, hatred and lust took their places in the hearts of men, and
the gods were forgotten. Oh, the gods were spoken of and honored
in sacrifices — or else our magics could not work — but they were
not truly held in the hearts of the people. The kings fought one
another, and the Balamob battled each other, and war and strife
took their toll on our people. Once we were gods, and then kings,
and then we simply became enemies and the magic was forgotten.

When the conquistadors arrived, the Maya were a pale
shadow of our former glory. The Spaniards had conquered our
cousins to our north and they came for us next. Our great cities
had fallen and were empty for many years. We eked a living off
the land; still the horse-men sought to despoil us. The Balamob
were still there, but had weakened greatly. Where once the jaguar-
kin ran common as the spots on a great cat's hide, they had
shrunken to a handful by the time the horse-men came with their
dying god. With the torch, the sword, the gun and the cross, these
new men finished what our foolish pride had begun.

There was little we could do, but we tried. Our people were
still our people, and we were sworn to protect them. In one battle,
our itzamna took the forms of the eagle, the snake, and the jaguar,
and we fought against the Christians. But their own ityamna
called upon his wayob, and a single dove defended the Europeans
and slew our itzamna. Was it the Balamob who had weakened?
Perhaps it was not our itzamna who had weakened, or their magic,
but our people's faith in us. I cannot say for sure. All I can say is
that we became a captive people.

For centuries the Europeans tried to destroy our ways. They
both failed and won. Look around you! Everywhere you see the
Christ-god and his cross! But not entirely, for is not the cross the
very same World Tree that we must ascend? Our native traditions
cannot be totally driven out. We may wear new clothes and take
new names, but our traditions are ancient and enduring, and the
new cannot totally devour the old. Our ancient legacy is still
mistrusted, though; how often is a Balamob h'men confused for an
obeah or hechisero, the witches and black magicians who use the
spirits for their own dark ends?

No, no — I do not despise the Christians. No, I merely
mourn the demise of our people and our faith. The gods are hungry
and a few peasants sacrificing corn is not enough to sustain them.
Should those gods abandon us, who then shall we turn to for
strength when the monsters of Xibalba break free once more? With
the Balamob powerless, who would fight the dark spirits? Thus do
we continue the old ways, to keep the horrors from Xibalba at bay.
Perhaps one day in the future a new empire shall rise and cast off
our oppressors. Who can say?

We have suffered much in the past centuries. How long has
it been since our leaders remembered the gods instead of their own
vanity and purses? From the Catholic conquistadors and colonials
who usurped our authority and used us as slaves, to the corrupt


governments that followed, bringing drugs and blood and war in
their wake — there is no refuge for us. Where once we stood atop
temples as gods, now we must hide in alleys and in the shadows of
the jungle.

But the Balamob are strong, and we grow stronger. For the
faith of the Christians today is not like the faith of the Christians
hundreds of years ago; itis dry and brittle, like an empty wineskin.
And our people have begun to hunger for the ways of the itzamna
more and more. A thousand years ago, I would have been revered
Five hundred years ago, would have been admired. Two hundred
years ago, I would have been tortured and burned. Now — are
we not coming to a full circle? Look around you — are you not
proof of that? Do not other boys and girls your age seek to learn my
secrets? Some of you shall, no doubt, and others shall not. But
even they have a task to perform as they spread the word of the
Balamob. They may become but simple h'men, healers and
doctors, but they shall remember the spirits and propitiate our
way

Your people's protectors have not forgotten you, for we love
you too much. The dark creatures of Xibalba are straining for
release, for dark times are coming. Too many people have
forgotten the rituals for too long. And when the portals to Xibalba
burst open, aided by the deeds of the hechisero and other black
magicians, we shall be there, calling upon the wayob, the good
spirits, to drive off the evil spirits and the humans that worship
them. We shall use all our magics, and we shall take the form of
our wayobs if necessary, to fight with tooth and claw. We shall
endure, for the Balamob are strong.

THE SOCIETY

A secret collection of animal-shamans, this ancient
society tends the embers of the Mayan culture. Scattered
throughout their ancestral lands, the Balamob play a triple

role: In their neighbors' eyes, they are simple folk with a
reverence for the old ways; at night, they become the People
of the Jaguar, magicians with fierce insight and bloody
practices; in their hearts, they embody the union of flesh and

spirit, animal and human. Like the cats they revere, these
sorcerers walk solitary roads. Patron spirits guide the journey,
but for the most part, the Balamob stand alone.

MAGIC

Fundamental to the practice of Balamob magic is the
concept of Xibalba (pronounced "Sheebalbah"), the
Otherworld, a supernatural landscape both beneath and
above our own mortal terrain. This Otherworld is the home
of countless myriad spirits of myriad intentions, and it was
through the actions of the Hero Twins in Xibalba that
mortals learned the magic arts. Xibalba — a.k.a., the Umbra
— is the source of Balamob magic. Though these magicians
often speak of the dark spirits of death who inhabit Xibalba,
it is the spirits, not the place, that carry evil.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


Each itzamna (soul-carrier) receives a spirit-patron (the
wayob; see below). Although truly accomplished Balamob
may assume a variety of shapes, all itzamna favor one particu-
lar animal — the shape of their patron spirit. When he learns
how to transform into animal form, the Balamob prefers this
beast shape to all others; to him, it isa sacred thing to become
one with the wayob and to share in its essence.

Most Balamob magic takes place in vision trances when
the sorcerer enters Xibalba in pursuit of magical wisdom or
power. The very first spirit a Balamob sorcerer ever contacts
on his own is his wayob, or companion spirit — a familiar
animal of sorts who accompanies the Balamob, protecting

him and assisting in his magical invocations.

The axis mundi of Balamob philosophy is the World
Tree, the Wakah-Chan. Raised by the gods at the beginning
of Creation, this sacred tree separates the sky and earth but
unites our world with Xibalba. The Wakah-Chan is more

than a single, Earthly tree, of course — it is the essence of all
trees. Balamob sorcerers recreate this World Tree in their
rituals, building altar-effigies from rope and wood. In a
greater sense, the Balamob himself becomes a living World
Tree, the union of Heaven and Earth.

The magic sap, or itz, of the World Tree, flows through
our world as the sap of terrestrial trees (such as the Copal,
whose sap is a resin burned as sacred incense), and as the
liquid secretions of the human body — blood, sweat, semen

and tears. As vessels of itz — also known as ch'ulel, or stuff
of the soul — these fluids are offered to sacrificial fires during
Balamob rites. As they become smoke or steam, such offer-
ings become food for the gods.

Bloodletting — the dance of ch'ulel — is a sacred act.
Blood is holy; to give it to the gods is a grand act of piety,
especially if that blood is your own. Lesser magics require a
few drops; urgent, large-scale spells demand copi-
ous amounts of blood, often shed in spectacular
mutilations. Any part of the body is appropriate,
but the most sacred parts include the tongue (for
men and women) and the phallus (for men). The
Balamob still practice the ancient art of piercing
their sacred parts with thick coils of rope, then
dancing around madly, surrounded by whirling, bloodstained
streamers.
The dance itself forms another aspect of the Balamob
art. During wild festivals, the sorcerers and their companions
reenact the creation of the cosmosas grand ecstatic pageant
Dressed in clothing that recalls their sacred wayob spirits —
a follower of a jaguar-spirit, for instance, would wear a
specially prepared pelt— the Balamob become their patrons,
first in spirit, then in flesh. Gifted magicians assume animal
form and rush off into the night at the festival's end.

Balamob magics aren't tied to specific locations, but
seem especially potent when they're enacted at sacred ances-
tral sites. The spirits work best in places they know well. As

VV SV WY OY AY Sy Vv SY WY WY CY OY CY ee ee ey OWS SY,
WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

modern tourists and settlers stumble across these sacred
places, however, the spirits flee to quieter homes. In their
absence, darker spirits — embodiments of greed, lust and
treachery — ride in on the night winds, settling down to a
feast of human weakness. Where the "harvest" is good, these
spirits remain and grow more numerous and powerful.

INITIATES

Balamob initiates come almost exclusively from the
local folk of Mesoamerica. Over the past few decades, how-
ever, other groups have filtered into the cult: Anthropologists,
archeologists even tourists from around the world come to
the sacred regions to study Mayan civilization and culture.
For some of them, an objective view transforms into belief —
sometimes even fanaticism. Balamob elders occasionally
select promising converts and offer them initiation.

The initiate faces a complex study period; Mayan cos-
mology is subtle and symbolic, and many nuances survive
only in the hidden teachings of the Balamob. Outsiders must
also learn the Mestizo dialect — the Spanish/Mayan hybrid
that forms the local vernacular — spoken by the elders who
rarely understand much English. Unlike many magical groups,
the Balamob don't view language itself as sacred (although
some claim the spirits speak only in Mayan!); still, many of
their concepts get lost in translations to other tongues. Only
by learning the language can the initiate understand the
magic.

After learning the rites and concepts of the Balamob,
the new initiate undergoes his first vision trance. During this
ritual, he pierces his tongue, runs bark or paper through it,
and offers his blood to the gods, riding his pain until he enters
the ecstatic state that opens the gateways to Xibalba. Assum-
ing a dream-form, he leaves his body behind and rides into
the spirit world. There the great Vision Serpent greets the
traveler and initiates him into the secret rites. The new itzam
meets his wayob, his companion spirit, and forms a bond with
it. Although wayobs usually appear as jaguars, snakes, or
eagles, other animals — even mythological ones — some-
times take shape as well. From that point on, the wayob
accompanies the itzam for the course of his life, aiding him
in his magics and protecting him in his dreams.

Once this ritual ends and the trace fades away, the
initiate becomesa full itzam and the Balamob welcome anew
warrior-priest into their ranks. Study, from that point on, is
a combination of life experience, dream travels and
loreseeking. The lost culture has many hidden secrets; even
elder Balamob do not know them all.

ORGANIZATION

The Balamob don't have any real organization. A cult in
the loosest form of the word, these itzamna keep to them-
selves, establish local "territories" and watch over the local

people and spirits. Some elders form alliances or rivalries, but
these relationships are personal, not political. Each itzam
maintains his own beliefs, interpretations and understand-
ings of the world and the ancient rites. Some Balamob even
incorporate Christianity into their beliefs, but these
"progressives" remain among the minority.

Balamob remain almost exclusively in their traditional
homelands: the Yucatan peninsula, Guatemala, Belize, El
Salvador and Honduras. Some venture further north or
south to follow work — after all, an itzam must still earn a
living — but most stay in the places the spirits know best.
Foreigners who join the society often return home for a few
years, but they always return to the lands of the Maya. Many
itzamna insist that Xibalba lies very close to the material
world in Mesoamerica. While most of the world chokes on its
own industrial wreckage, they say, the spirits remain close at
hand in the Mayan country.

Not that all Balamob practice purity and serenity; spirits
come in all shades, and some itzamna bond with the darker
varieties. Greed and power make strong temptations for a
sorcerer, and the spirits are only too glad to show a lusty
Balamob to the shadowy roots of the World Tree. While
many magicians protect their "flocks," some prey upon them
like a jaguar among sheep. Others turn their rage at outsiders
and profiteers into murderous raids and devastating curses.
These last have found allies among the Garou who venture
into Central and South America for the Amazon War,
among the Zapatista revolutionaries in Mexico, or among
the displaced werecats who lash out at all comers. It's all too
easy to regard talk of "becoming one with the spirits" as
happy hogwash when one lives among New Age stardusters;
in the thick forests and mountain retreats of the Balamob,
however, people recall the gorier side of shamanism — and
of the Mayans who shed their blood for the gods.

RELATIONS

© Hunters: Hidden among the'shadows of a deeply
Christian culture, some itzamna clash with Catholic Inquisi-
tors and Protestant missionaries. The Society of Leopold
keeps a thick file on the "jaguar-men of Mesoamerica,"
whom they (sometimes correctly) accuse of poaching, drug
running, infanticide and human sacrifice. Like the Spanish
priests who helped "settle" the New World, these church-
men are appalled by the "demon worship" they see among the
native peoples. Many of those natives also avoid the magi-
cians in their midst. Thus, wise Balamob keep a very low
profile. Angry voices, blades and shotgun blasts are only a
misstep away.

© Other Magicians: The wandering Nephite Priests
annoy the Balamob. It's bad enough that Spanish missionar-
ies soured the land in the name of their god; these fanatics

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


claim the land was theirs all along! Clashes are rare, but they
do occur. As for the other societies, they cross into Balamob
ground so rarely that no one really cares on either side.

© Mages: Since few Balamob play power politics, they
remain largely out of view. Still, some South American
Dreamspeakers know their ways. A handful of Awakened
Balamob actually belong to that Tradition or to the Ver-
bena, who understand the powerful link between life fluids
and mystical energies. Long ago, a collection of Mayan
sorcerers joined the Euthanatos; although that faction is
history, some death mages remember the old ties fondly.

© Others: As heirs of the jaguar-spirit, many Balamob
revere the Balam, Mesoamerican werejaguars who share an
old bond with the land (see Bastet for details). Some itzamna
actually worship the werecats, while others regard them as
cousins, partners or comrades in arms. Since neither the cats
nor the sorcerers maintain an active hierarchy, no "official
alliance" exists between them — they simply act in concert
as the occasion demands.

at ae

© Concepts: Environmentalist, activist, drug
smuggler, farmer, anthropologist, village wise
worker, revolutionary.

© Traits: Balamob favor Physical Attributes
and Traits like Awareness, Brawl, Dream Inter-
pretation, Intimidation and Stealth. By being rural
magicians, they often lack "book knowledge," but
master oral lore (Culture, Hearth Wisdom). Many
Western recruits are often more academically in-
clined. Most accomplished Balamob are
shapeshifters, and take the form of their compan- |
ion spirit.

© Preferred Paths: Divination, Ephemera, |
Herbalism/Brewing, Shapeshifting.

* Magical Style: Offerings of blood, tears and
other fluids often combined with chants, halluci-
nogenic drinks and celestial correspondences. The
strongest magics can take place only at the proper
times; the Storyteller may decide that certain
Paths, like Shapeshifting and Divination, are lim-
ited to certain phases of the moon.

trip ausay our customs, he hos a

MANNOTS 2 ee wields what
wus tal. are: animals with tha. ‘itd Sof

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

fit Sprtsuthth the floshof) men,


THENEPHITE PRIESTHOOD

PROPHETS OF THE DUST

We know this to be the truth: As God is now, so shall we be
one day, and as we are now, God was one day. We, God, the
angels and the spirits of the world are all of the same race, and shall
share the same destiny. Ours is the task of protecting our brothers
and sisters that they might persevere on the road to godhood, and
preparing New Jerusalem for the Second Coming.

We are an ancient order, one that goes with surety to the
prophet Nephi himself. For it was Nephi who wandered with Lehi,
his father and their family in the wilderness in the seventh century
before Christ; there they sought the land of promise, fleeing
Jerusalem as the Lord so commanded Lehi. Both Lehi and Nephi
were great visionaries, and the Lord spoke unto them in dreams
and in visions, yet often they were reviled and spat upon; but they
walked in the ways of the Lord.

And it came to pass that Nephi led the family of Lehi across
the great seas of Irreantum to the New World, where they were a
strong and industrious people — but there the children of Laman,
the brother of Nephi, committed great iniquity, for they had
hardened their hearts to Nephi and the words of the Lord, and for
their great rebelliousness they were cursed and a people set apart

LEIE UeNES 1557

For many centuries did the children of Nephi and Laman live
and prosper on these shores, sometimes livingin righteousness and
other times in sinfulness. It came to pass that Jesus the Christ did
appear unto us and preach His gospel to us, as had been foretold
by the prophet Nephi. But many rejected His words and His
works. In a great battle at hill Cumorah, in the fifth century after
Christ walked the Earth, the wicked Lamanites slew all the peoples
of Nephi until finally only the prophet Moroni was left to complete
the sacred writings of his father Mormon — a testament written
in the Reformed Egyptian language of the Nephites — teaching the
history of the tribes of Israel, and the visitation of Christ. And so
Moroni sealed up these books until a later time as he could reveal
them to the prophet Joseph Smith.

The history of our Church of Latter-Day Saints is well-
known from there: how Moroni, now an angelic being, appeared
unto Joseph Smith and showed him the golden tablets of Mormon,
and taught him a means of translating the golden tablets through
amagical seerstone —and the complete Testament of Jesus Christ
was revealed to all mankind.

John the Baptist did appear unto Joseph Smith and ordain him
to the priesthood of Aaron — a Levitical priesthood in which all
male believers participate. Side by side with the Aaronic Priest-
hood is the Priesthood of Melchizidec, from which our church
elders are drawn. Thus, the hierarchy of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter-Day Saints was established, and grew and

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


prospered. The Prophet died a martyr in 1847, slain by a hostile
crowd of unbelievers, yet the faith he established lived on and
prospered. His successor, Brigham Young, led the newly restored
church to the great Salt Lake Basin, where the Saints — those
whom outsiders called "Mormons" — founded the nation of
Deseret, a new Zion, a separate territory that would eventually
become the state of Utah. Our fathers and brothers worked hard
to till the land, and to defend it from the gentiles who hated us and
would see our lands taken from us.

There is a secret history of Nephi, one that Joseph Smith
revealed not, for it was a great and terrible secret. The Lord God
revealed many private and hidden things to Nephi in visions and
in dreams: the powers to command the elements and speak with
the dead, to learn the language of dreams and the healing arts, to
touch the weather and to summon spirits. Nephi taught these
secrets to very few people of his kingdom, who in turn passed on
their knowledge to other disciples, and onward through the history

of the kingdom of Nephi.
Some etched symbolic

representations

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

of their knowledge in stone, plain as day to the initiated, but
meaningless to the ignorant — markings that even now are
misunderstood by those who refuse to see the blinding truth of our
ancient testament.

The priests were sworn to secrecy, and their burdens were
heavy; for only those who walked the straight and narrow path
could practice these arts without risk of damnation. Those few
who strayed from this path became corrupt and vain men, which
the Priests of Nephi had to slay in the name of righteousness. The
Lamanite Corrupt were a testament to the evil that threatens all
men: the vanity and vice that great men fall into, turning from the
ways of God. Equally, the Nephite Priests were the epitome of
Saintliness; travelers and prophets, they wandered the deserts and
forests of the kingdom of Nephi, seeking to hear the voice of the
Lord in the winds and the rustling of trees. Sadly, the Nephite
Priesthood fell with the peoples of Nephi at the battle of Cumorah,
and their ways were lost to mankind for over a millennium.

And thus it was in 1849 that Nephi appeared as a celestial
being, revealing himself in the desert to Uriah Spence, a settler of
Deseret. Though he lived a simple life, his intellect was keen.
Uriah was a man of piety and great moral fiber, and Nephi laid
hands upon him, restoring the ancient Nephite Priesthood to the
land. In dreams and in visions, Nephi instructed Uriah in the

Nephite arts of sigils and prophecy, that Uriah and people like him
might once more wander new Zion and safeguard Mormondom
against the attacks of its disbelievers.

And so it came to pass that Uriah himself, after having
mastered the secret Nephite arts, instructed others in these same
methods, and these disciples in turn passed on the arts. The advent
of the Nephites was propitious. Deseret faced an unsympathetic
government that marched troops against our peoples, recalling the
early hostilities of Missouri and Illinois, the same hostilities that
brought about Joseph Smith's death. It was a rallying call for our
people, who took up arms against the foreign invaders. Brigham
Young preached the doctrine of blood atonement, reminding us
that some men's sins were so great that only in their death could
they achieve penance, and Mormons were ready to fight and die
for their land and faith. The Nephites fought alongside their
Mormon brothers, aiding them with their supernal powers in ways
unseen.and unknown —and though the great Mormon Utah War
of the 1850s did not erupt in the cataclysm of blood and fire that
had been foreseen, it was a visible reminder of how the faithful ever
face oppression.

Thus, itis that we come to the present day. Itis clear that our
Church is on the eve of Greatness; though we must contend with
many Apostate Churches, ours is the One True Church. And
while we now are reconciled with the United States and their
federal government, we still recall the day when we were martyred
and abused for our differences. Indeed, we accept the offices of the
United States as Divinely appointed and the Constitution as
Divinely inspired, but forget not the blood and tears that nurtured
our lands in New Zion's youth.

Now we wait, in secret, until the Second Coming and what we
call the Gathering: when the descendants of the Lamanites (those now
called Native Americans, or Indians) and the Jews shall come to the
new Zion and repent their apostasy, and Jesus the Christ shall come
again unto the world. We stand strong, ready to defend our Mormon
brothers and sisters from future oppression by unbelievers. Oursis the
task of aiding the Church, to fight the deeds of the Satan and to protect
the nation of Saints. We act without desire for glory or recognition,
knowing that we must live secret lives until the final battle. And we
stand apart from our Mormon brothers and sisters, for such is the duty
of vigilance. Let the harsh desert wind remind us of the wages of sin
and the burning fires of the coming Apocalypse in which all shall be
called to serve the Lord or perish.

THESOCIETY

From the crucible of subjugation, the Nephite Priest strides
with burning hands and Divine powers. To call him a sorcerer
would be to blaspheme the Holy Name of God. Servant of the
Father and defender of the faith, a Nephite Priest is the heir to a
sacred and essential tradition. Let the hell-bound tinker with their
petty devil-games. The Priesthood paves the way fora final show-
downwithdarknessandtheunbelievers. From the portentsrevealed
each passing day, that showdown i just around the comer...

MAGIC

A Nephite's faithcraft rests upon the principles of his
religion. Chiefamong these principles is the idea of apotheosis —
asGod isnow, so man shall be one day, andas man is now, so God
was one day. Humans are spiritual beings who will one day be
like God Himself, and Nephite "sorcery" is little more than the
cultivation and development of the inner powers available toall
spiritual entities. Indeed, God created the world of flesh so that
all the spirit-beings (which he likewise created) might have a
home — so that in the flesh, these spiritual beings would have
the chance to grow to perfection.

In the Nephite doctrine, everything, even spirit, is
matter. The Priests do not accept the concept of creation ex
nihilo, "from nothing," that other Christian churches con-
tend. Everything is matter. Even God Himself has a form of
flesh — glorified and perfect to be sure, but a thing of matter
nonetheless. A suitably elevated master can command that
matter with good or evil intentions. Most, regrettably, choose
evil. The Dust Prophets, on the other hand, stand bathed in
heavenly light — or so they steadfastly believe. Nephite
Priests consider their magic the restoration of the "primitive
gifts" described in the Bible and the Book of Mormon. The gifts
of tongues, prophecy and exorcism are natural abilities for
those who commune directly with the Divine, and greater
powers await those who perform God's will for God's chosen.

Nephite gifts work through several channels. Most "spells"
invoke celestial beings whose namesare often known only tothe
Nephite Priesthood, entities who were once virtuous members
of the kingdom of Nephi before its destruction by the Lamanites.
Powerful miracles come through invocations of the Holy Spirit
—aspiritual entity without corporeal form. In no circumstance
does aNephite Priest call upon the names of Jesus Christ or God;
he might pray to them or ask forsome intercession, buthe would
never presume to demand their aid.

Although Nephite gifts work anywhere, each Priest conse-
crates a temple in his own home. Wandering Nephites keep
simple, portable temples (often little more than an altar and a
veil), while established Prophets construct grand sanctuaries.
Each templeshould bea tribute to God, aplace for prayer, security,
initiation or faithcraft. Unbelievers are never allowed near these
holy structures. Even good Mormons are best kept ata distance.

INITIATES

New Nephite Priests typically come from Mormon families
witha longtradition of church membership. Rarely are Gentiles
(those outside the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints)
considered for membership, and these few individuals must join
the LDS long before being considered for Priesthood.

Nephite initiatory rites are deeply ceremonial, held in
special temples and hidden from causal view. A new initiate
— called a Deacon — must fast for three days prior to his
initiation; afterward, he goes to the Nephite Temple at

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


sunrise and spends the morning in prayer. The new Initiate
is unclothed, for he must be reborn, and is anointed and
consecrated with oil at various times throughout the cer-
emony. After a period of private prayer, the initiate is garbed
in white and the consecrating priest prays with him. Through-
out this entire portion of the ceremony, a veil separates the
Nephite altar and the initiate; toward the end of the ritual,
the initiate parts the veil and walks to the altar. Thus does he
enter the celestial kingdom.

The Deacon undertakes a period of study typically lasting
one or two years. In that time, he learns the fundamentals of
Nephite theurgy and the hidden history of the Nephite Priests.
He also studies Reformed Egyptian — a language descended
from demotic Egyptian, transformed through the centuries, and
spoken only on the American continentduring the period of the
Book of Mormon. A holy tongue, this language opens the
pathways to the Divine consciousness, priming the priest for
greater and more-powerful gifts.

Progress through each subsequent level of Priesthood is
marked by grand and elaborate rituals, each one greater and
more solemn than the last. Every new initiation demands a full
day of meditation, prayer and a renewed commitment to the
cause. High Priest-Prophets are a rare and dedicated breed.

ORGANIZATION

The Nephite Priesthood is a scattered collection of
Mormon wise men with marginal authority. Although a
High Priest-Prophet exists, his title conveys more respect
than command. Unlike the church itself, Nephite Priests
shun a central organization. Flexibility is vital to their duty,
and Prophets in the field must act at their own discretion.
Who has time to consult an Elder when the wolf runs among
the flock? Even so, a vague hierarchy canstill be found within
the Priesthood's ranks:

* Deacon: A newly initiated Nephite, still studying
under his mentor. This instruction period may last for years.

© Priest: An ordained Priest, now free to operate on his
own authority. Newly consecrated Priests must wander for a
period of two years, spreading the faith and learning all they
can about the world outside Zion.

© Elder: An older, more settled Priest, often sought for
advice.

© High Priest-Prophet: The senior-ranking Elder, se-
lected by popular vote among all his peers.

Nephite Priests roam across New Zion — the United
States — but concentrate in Utah, Oregon, Wyoming,
Colorado and Arizona. The majority of the Priesthood con-

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

gregates near Salt Lake City, the headquarters of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Still, the wilderness calls
tothese holy messengers. Utah's deserts and mountain ranges
hold a strange fascination for the Nephite Priests. Most Dust
Prophets journey in the "wilderness of Zion," as far from
human habitation as possible, for 40 days and 40 nights. On
such quests, a Priest fasts and prays. Some Nephites do this
once a year, to remind themselves of the sufferings of their
forefathers and the deprivations that may yet occur. A small
but vocal segment of the Priesthood advocates a militant
separatism that harkens to the days of "Deseret's occupation
by hostile troops." To them, New Zion will be built on the
ashes of the United States —a nation as corruptas it is grand.

Some Nephite Priests travel to Mexicoand Central America,
where they search for archeological evidence of the Nephite
cultures described in the Book of Mormon. Like many Mormons,
these searchers believe that the ancient cultures and civiliza-
tions of Mesoamerica are, in fact, traces of the Kingdom of
Nephi. In their quests, some Priests have uncovered mysterious
remains that cannot be easily explained or identified. Sure in
their faith, they declare the ruinssacred ground and defend them
against all "trespassers" — even ones whose families have lived
in the area for centuries.

RELATIONS

¢ Hunters: The FBI. keeps an extensive file on the fanatic
Desert Prophets. Several acts of anti-government terrorism.
have been laid — rightly and otherwise — at the Nephite
doorstep. Given the close secrecy and unto-death dedication
within the Priesthood, government agents have very little to go
on. Few Mormons know about these apocalyptic holy men, and
fewer still speak openly about them if given the chance. Mor-
monrefugees warred with the United States governmentslightly
over a century ago, and the old wounds linger on both sides.

The Society of Leopold considers the Priesthood a dangerous
heretic sect — one with supernatural powers, to boot! Given the
popularity the Mormon Church enjoys in modern America, the
Inquisitors are hesitant to confront the Nephites on their home
ground. Such a confrontation could only make things worse for
the Society, and the group's cooler members realize that fact.

* Other Magicians: Nephite Priests venturing into
Mesoamerica have run afoul of the Balamob. Although the
jaguar-folk tend to leave "visitors" alone, the presumptuous
Prophets irritate the native sorcerers. For their part, the
Nephites consider any and all magical societies to be "of the
Devil." Friendly congress with a sorcerer is foolish at best, but
is more often treasonous.

© Mages: That prohibition goes double for the darker
mysticks — the Verbena, Dreamspeakers and especially the
Ecstatics. The Priesthood remains ignorant of the Traditions or
Ascension War; to the Prophets, the popularity of magicand the
occult is simply another indication of the coming end.

As for the Technocracy, their spies have uncovered a
small but disturbing sect of political dissidents who seem to
command magical powers. NWO agents in the field have
reported mad holy men without any affiliations beyond the
Mormon Church. Although the Technocratic Union has
bigger flies to swat, a small unit has been formed to keep track
of these mysterious vagabonds.

© Others: Aside froma few briefskirmishes with werewolf
septs, the Priesthood has escaped the notice of other super-
natural groups... so far.

NephitePriest Characters.

_ © Concepts: Evangelist, survivalist, mission- |
ary, archeologist, separatist, drifter (males only —
— women are excluded from this fraternity).

* Traits: The rigors of their initiations and
lifestyles promote Physical' and Mental refine-
mentamong the Priests. A Dust Prophet character
must take Lore: Nephite to represent his mastery
of Mormon beliefs, and will probably have the
following Abilities: Expression, Research, Hunt-
ing and Survival,

© Preferred Paths: Divination, Enchantment,
Healing, Hellfire, Summoning, Binding and Ward-
ing (Daimonic), Weathercraft.

© Magical Style: Fervent prayers unleash

great powers, from healing miracles to sudden

[come unto you on the Holy Spirit's
breath. Listen to my words before the
final darkness swallows you forever.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


THAL'HUN

THE SONG OF THE CELESTIAL SPHERES

Look around you. See how much we've progressed in 50
years, in a century, over the past thousand years? Consider the
technological advancements in Europe between the birth of Jesus
and the end of that millennium; think how few they truly are, how
they pale in comparison to the intellectual and technological
growth over the past century. Truly tremendous, eh?

It is nothing.

We live an a barbaric, backward civilization, one that prides
itself on glory after glory but does not understand the greatness that
is still so far out of reach. Look up to the heavens — the heavens
that we have barely penetrated. Civilizations have existed in those
heavens, vast ancient panoplies of culture and learning that were
old when humanity was just picking itself out of the primal ooze.

You want to think I'm mad, but you've seen my power
Learn now the source of that power. If you want magic, then go
away — there is no magic. There is only advanced science,
science following rules and principles yet undreamt of by human
scientists and philosophers. This science is our inheritance, but

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

humanity is not yet ready for it. With our help, though, one day
the planet Earth will be the home of the greatest star-faring
civilization ever!

Let me begin in the ancient days, the last days of the fading
people called the Hui:xa. They were humanoid, like us, only
taller, more slender, and with blue skin. Their race was millions
of years old, and their civilization was hundreds of thousands of
years old. Chief among their many accomplishments was the
perfection of thal — the power of harmonics. The Thal'hun, the
manipulators of thal, were among the Hui:xa's most respected
figures. We humans would regard them as mystics and sorcerers ,
but among their own people they were scientists and philosophers.
It took many years of study to become a Thal'hun, and with good
reason — only those with the proper intellectual mind-set could
use thal without risking the lives and sanities of those about them.
For thal is much greater than any who would use it, and it carries
the vibration of the cosmos in its hum.

What are these words I use, thal and Thal'hun? They are
expressions in Luz'at, the dialect of the Hui:xa — words that you
too shall learn if you expect to learn thal — for Luz'atis a language
resonant in thal, and the most effective vehicle for wielding it

But the Hui:xa were a dying people. Though students of
many sciences, they were rarely the masters. One of their experi-
ments had gone horribly wrong, and a massive virus was released

a AG

a


Completely unstoppable, it began to eat away at all life on their
planet, Bars'hm. Their homeworld's biosphere soon decayed, and
all for foolish pride.

A few Hui:xa were spared. They were somehow immune to
the virus. Those survivors faced another problem: The virus
continued to replicate, and continued to deteriorate all the other
life forms of their homeworld. The Hui:xa saw the extinction of
their race approaching, and with it, the destruction of their planet.

Finally the priest-scientists of the Hui:xa conceived of a
solution: A portion of their greatest city, Zoraster, would be
phased to a different continuum outside of time and space. With
it would go the greatest works of Hui:xa art, literature, science
and philosophy. The living inhabitants of Bar'shm had a future
destiny, too: They were to be the ambassadors of Hui:xa culture
to other races. When a suitable world was found, and its inhab-
itants deemed worthy of receiving Hui:xa civilization, the remaining
Hui:xa would converge at that world and bring New Zoraster
back to this plane.

This necessitated a major transformation for the Hui:xa,
however — they were to be changed into creatures of pure energy,
capable of interstellar travel and near-eternal life spans. Over 300
Hui:xa were selected for this duty, and became the Jeva, or
Lightbearers — and they set out across space to find a new home
for their people.

No one knows the fate of those Hui:xa who remained on
Bars'hm. Some survivors had to stay behind to work the great thal
machines that transported New Zoraster to safety and trans-
formed the Hui:xa into the Jeva. Presumably, those custodians
died as their planet's very life force ebbed away beneath them. We
who know the Hui:xa ways salute their sacrifice. Now alone, the
Jeva sojourned through space, brushing against worlds, lonely
travelers in an empty expanse. Some Jeva were destroyed by
malevolent creatures; others wearied after a seemingly endless
search, and took to their own motives. Still others found worlds
worth watching. Settling into mortal shells, they observed millen-
nia of activity.

One such Jeva, named Khuvon, came to our world as
Mesopotamia was rising to power. Interested, Khuvon remained
behind to observe, hoping that one day our world would be ready to
host New Zoraster and the reborn Hui:xa. For years, he watched
humanity's rise, sometimes even taking on a mortal form and living
amongus. But this soon tired him, and he would slumber for decades
before he could act again. On occasion, Khuvon taught humans the
art of thal — and these new Thal'hun became the basis of Earth's
legendary magicians and sorcerers. This was the way of things for
millennia: Khuvon watched and waited, planting the seeds of thaland
the Hui:xa in countless societies and people.

Inthose days, he did not teach thal as a pure science; he knew
that people were not yet ready for the truth. So he dressed it in
stories and myths, changing the appearance of thal so that it
resembled simple magic. This, he thought at first, was the best
course of action. Centuries later, though, he came to regret his

deeds. He saw how thal had become warped and twisted, undis-
tinguished from the petty religions of the world, until finally it
became a tool for vain and greedy men. At times, discovering a
renegade Thal'hun, he took action himself. Many of these he
punished, as would a stern father whose son has played with fire.
Some sons were irredeemable; these he tore asunder.

Finally, in 1961 , seeing humanity ascend spaceward, Khuvon
chose to act once more.

We had embraced the stars. Khuvon, who came from those
stars, chose once more to teach the science of thal to a select few, that
they might guide humanity to a better future and prepare the way for
the return of the Hui:xa. Now he taught pure thal, free of cultural
detritus and superstition. This was science as science, notmagic! Our
mentor incarnated for five years, and tutoredanew circle of Thal' hun
— the standard-bearers for a new humanity.

Seeing them ready after years of study, Khuvon initiated the
mental summons to his alien kin, announcing that a world would
soon be ready for the reborn Hui:xa. His seven disciples then
traveled the Earth, each seeking more followers, and teaching the
ancient alien science of thal to those who seemed worthy.

Now, once again, Khuvon rests. Freed from his mortal shell,
he slumbers deep in the Earth, a being of pure energy. One day
soon, he will rise again and join us when his fellow Jeva arrive and
the world is ready for the return of Zoraster and the Hui:xa. Who
can say when this will be? Even Khuvon did not know, for his
brothers and sisters had scattered across the stars, and it had been
thousands of years since he had heard from any of them.

Unutil their return, it is our duty to guide humanity to artistic
and philosophical perfection, to enhance human consciousness, to
welcome the arrival of the other Jeva, and to master thal — for we
are the scientists of a new age!

THE SOCIETY

Crackpot inventors or visionary saviors? Good question.
More metaphysicians than magicians, the Thal'hun never-
theless manage to cross traditional miracle-working with
bizarre science. The result: A psycho-sonic craft that suppos-
edly redirects energy flows through brainwave-soundwave
activity. Are these people onto something, or is their "lost
art" another mask on the eternal face of magic?

The truth may be resting beneath the ground.

MAGIC

The Thal'hun do not consider themselves sorcerers; to
them, magic is the legacy of thal, the primal sound and
vibration. Naturally, other mystics tap into that vital sci-
ence, even if their understanding is (by Thal'hun reckoning)
flawed. The future, however, belongs to thal in its purest
form — and to the scientists who understand it best.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


Thal science draws from two primary principles: the
power of sound and the power of the trained mind. Sound
has power, as mundane scientists have only recently discov
ered. The mind has the flexibility to harness that power, to

direct it through the most efficient channels and refine it
through the intricate language of Luz'at, the ancient
Hui:xa tongue. To practice thal, therefore, a person must

master Luz'at — an undertaking in itself!

Luz'at is in many ways a secret language. The most-
essential thal components — 1000 words of power — have
been uncovered and perfected, but the remaining words are
avast enigma. Noting the ties between so-called "magic" and
archers decipher the
cadence of chants and charms, piecing together the "magic

the true properties of thal, Thal'hun res

words" that so obviously channel thal. One Thal'hun, a
linguist by trade, was unable to draw any relationships
between Lu'zat and any known Terran language; after years
of analysis, however, he determined that all Luz'at words and
sentences fit into a solid structure — verifying that Lu'zat is
a working language and not a simple compilation of sounds.
It'snot an easy language to learn, however; an understanding

of Luz'at demands a radical change in understanding. Sen-
tences, words, even thoughts are expressed differently in
Luz'at than in any human tongue.

The ni
component of Thalhun: attaining the proper mind-set. It's

ssary mental adjustments refine the second

not enough to simply master the sounds of
Luz'at — you have to master the concepts
behind those sounds, tap the ambient
energies within both, and cognitively
grasp the relations between words and
effects. Mediation, personal reflection and
philosophical exercises all form cornerstones
in Thal'hun training. By perfecting herself in
body and mind, a Master of Thal becomes a
conduit for the powers of thal.
When channeled properly, this energy cur-

rent produces miracles. A Thal'hun master can

shift the weather, heal injuries, call up the ele-
ments and invert space and gravity.
Such works do not come easily;
"setting a resonance" (that is,
casting a spell) requires an
intricate performance — a
combination of chants,
percussion beats and
special, thal-filled
sounds. The transla-
tions of these sounds
are simple and unpo-

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

etic — they're merely commands or instructions — but it's
the nature of the sound, not the translated meaning of the
phrase, that counts. With the proper mind and the proper
harmony, great things are possible.

Really significant resonances demand group participa-
tion. Gathered together, a collection of Thal'hun create
"diadems" — metal and crystal rods, staves, tripods and other
antennae that channel, purify and magnify thal harmonics.
The upper levels of the sonic cult dream of monumental thal
machines, generators that could conceivably power whole
cities by sound alone. According to the accounts of Khuvon,
such machines swept Zoraster out of this continuum, and will
be necessary to draw the city back out and into our world.
Some adventurous "vibroneers" have tried to capture the
resulting sounds on advanced recording equipment, but such
experiments have, to this date, failed. (Perhaps the inherent
impurities of Terran minerals are to blame.)

Although the concept of "mystic spirits" seems childish
to the rational Thal'hun, many of them recognize the exist-
ence of the Otherworld and its denizens. With focused bursts
of thal, experienced vibroneers conjure and bind these "spirit
beings" — obviously Jeva who have lost their way. In general,
however, Thal'hun prefer to rework the material world,
preparing it for the wonders to come.

INITIATES

Potential Thal'hun come from various fringe communi-
ties; New Age fellowships, alternative science groups,
UFO-watchers and mad inventors make the best recruits.
Occultists and religious devotees tend to be too dogmatic to
make good vibroneers — the beliefs they cling to obstruct
their vision of the truth. For some reason, the idea that
ancient sorcerers or saviors might have been extraterrestrials
tubs such people the wrong way. Better, the Thal'hun be-
lieve, to let the deluded stay deluded while true searchers
take up tomorrow's torch.

The Thal'hun initiation is a two-stage process: The
initial stage is educational. The recruit — called a:xa, or
child — learns how to write and pronounce Luz'at charac-
ters. This period alone can take up to five years. At the same
time, he begins studying meditation techniques and learns
the history of the Thal'hun — or more properly, the history
of Khuvon's activities on Earth — until his mind is prepared
to accept the new language.

The next stage is more advanced. The a:xa begins to
learn how to manipulate thal through harmonics and mental
attunement; he practices the construction of diadems and
assists others with their experiments. In addition, he begins

learning about Hui:xa culture and lore, astronomy and other
sciences, studying transcripts of classic texts, poems and
histories narrated by Khuvon to his human "children."

In the final stage, the new recruit rests in a sensory
deprivation booth for up to a week; after an initial period of
silence, the elder scientists deliver a series of frequencies into
the booth, frequencies designed to restructure the recruit's
mind and awaken his potential (a process that has, on
occasion Awakened True Magickal powers). Floating in a
trace state, the a:xa meets the spirit of Khuvon. Consecrating
the recruit with waves of warm, crackling energy, Khuvon
accepts the new disciple. As the lights and sounds fade away,
the a:xa is left in silence for another hour to contemplate his
experience. When he rises from the chamber, he is one of the
Thal'hun.

ORGANIZATION

The Thal'hun consider Khuvon their leader. Since the
immortal energy-being is usually "unavailable," a governing
body called the Star Council of Zoraster makes policy for this
strange fellowship. Of the seven men and women who
administer the Thal'hun, four claim to have been Khuvon's
original disciples in the 1960's; the remaining three disciples
also served on the Council, but died and were replaced with
others chosen by the leaders.

Fifty-five visionary people make up the Thal'hun soci-
ety; their goal is to increase membership to 100 by the turn
of the millennium. Given their location, this isn't an unre-
alistic goal. Most Thal'hun operate and practice out of the
United States, although a few have moved to England,
France and Japan. Through a "goodwill exchange of light,"
the group hopes to expand into Russia and China. An
"ambassador mission" to the Middle East was a disaster; five
Thal'hun were killed, their diadems smashed and their lodg-
ings demolished by "parties unknown." Given the West
Coast's tolerance for eccentric cults, the Star Council has
located their headquarters in San Francisco, CA. In a man-
sion not far from Golden Gate Park, a large contingent of
vibroneers studies celestial transmissions, natural sounds
and man-made noises in an effort to create the perfect
harmony — the sound that will bring new Zoraster into our
world.

Although the Thal'hun do not practice their arts openly,
they frequently publish their theories of extraterrestrial ori-
gin. Their newsletter, Earth: The Final Frontier, details cases
of alien influence on the development of Terran history.
Despite their apparent interest, the vibroneers don't go for
conspiracy theories or UFO-chasing. The truth, to them, is
not in the sky or in Hanger 18 — it's in the sounds all around
us, and in the ground where Khuvon sleeps... for now.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


RELATIONS

¢ Hunters: The Arcanum keeps a slender file on these
"eccentric UFOlogists from San Francisco." Although the
scholars don't take the vibroneers very seriously, the file
notes "incidents of paranormal character" in their vicinities
from time to time. One vault holds bits of a diadem smashed
in Boston; no Arcanum expert has been able to fit the pieces
back together successfully — some force scoured the frag-
ments smooth after the impact.

The FBI maintains closer surveillance on these "separat-
ist cultists"; given the multitude of Bay Area fringe groups
and the peaceful activities of the Thal'hun, the government
file on the fellowship is pretty slim. Still, every issue of the
newsletter has been compiled, catalogued and perused, sifted
for anti-government rants or apocalyptic announcements.

© Other Magicians: Although the Thal'hun study magi-
cal incantations from a multitude of sources, the group as a
whole has avoided any really hostile contact (or friendly
contact, for that matter) with the magicians of other orders.
To the vibroneers, magic is a necessary cloak for wisdom; to
the sorcerers who've encountered these odd little weirdoes,
the Thal'hun are just one of a long line of examples that the
world is going to hell.

© Mages: Thal'hun theories provide obvious delight for
the mad Ether Scientists. Both "sides" happily correspond in
the pages of various paranormal journals; some Etherites
follow the teaching of Khuvon, experimenting with mind/
sound vibrations and drawing parallels between their per-
sonal theoriesand the Thal'hun craft. Naturally, few Thal'hun
have any idea who their "partners in wonder" might be; the
Star Council is aware of the Sons of Ether, but most of the
rank-and-file remains clueless.

Technocratic files on the Thal'hun mistake them for a
sect of Etherities. It's an obvious mistake, one that led to the
Boston incident. A series of Syndicate strikes recently under-
mined the Thal'hun's finances; only a wild fund-raising drive
(aided secretly by some Sons of Ether who felt sorry about the
mess) saved the vibroneers' main laboratory from bank-
ruptcy.

Others: The Middle East expedition annoyed something
in the Sahara desert. It continues to follow the Thal'hun,
studying their workings froma distance. Isthis hidden rival a lost
Jeva, a disgruntled spirit, a vampire elder, or Khuvon himself?

is "savior of the future" remains a mystery, even to his
disciples. Is he just another vampire lord or a magus with a
personal cult? Is the legend of Zoraster for real, and if it is,
would its arrival be a good thing, or a really bad thing? Is
Khuvon mortal, energy, alien or something else altogether?
Is "he" the only one of "his" kind, or are there others singing
among the darkened stars...? And what do they really want
from Earth?

The question remains unanswered — for now.

Thal/hun Characters

* Concepts: Sound engineer, linguist, cutting-
edge physicist, New Ager, astronomer, inventor,
idealist.

© Traits: Thal'hun are lovers and thinkers,
not fighters; Mental and Social Traits dominate
this fellowship. Every recruit must understand a
bit of Luz'at (a Secret Code Language, bought
either with Linguistics or with the Knowledge of
that name); know her way around a computer, —
practice a form of meditation and possess some
familiarity with extraterrestrial metaphysics. Sci-
ence Knowledges are a very good idea, but social
graces (Bureaucracy, Etiquette, Leadership and
Seduction) often come in handy. Though many
Thal'hun know how to sing, play music or both
(Expression, Artistic Expression or Singing Abili-
ties), a handful of them do not.

© Preferred Paths: Conjuration, Healing,
Hellfire, Summoning, Binding and Warding (both),
Weathercraft.

* Magical Style: Complex vibrational "ritu-
als" set the stage for Thal'hun workings. As the
focused sound permeates the local molecular struc-
tures, the air seems to vibrate and thicken. Soon,
odd phenomena — clocks running backward, mag-
netic shifts, power surges, etc. — reveal the science
of the Hui:xa at work. Depending on the pitch and
timbre of the sounds and the discipline of the _
vibroneer, the phenomena might either settledown,
cause minor damage or affect the desired change.

Langh if you vant, but I'm building a ney
and etter tyorldAl

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER


THEUZOMA

JOURNEYMEN, SPIRIT QUEENS AND
FATHERS OF SECRETS

Agoya, child — enter! Again
you come to pester me for an old
man's secrets, eh? Well have a seat
then. I will teach you of our people's
past. I know you've heard the story

before, butit will grow with the telling
and one day it will become your story
as well, and you shall pass it on as I
tell the tale to you. Now hush, child,
and listen

We are the Uzoma, and have
been one with the Yoruba from the
beginning of time. So it was decreed by
the orishas, the many gods who rule over
Creation; perhaps it was even set into being
by Olorun, the Owner of Heaven, but of him
we do not speak. We are called Uzoma because
we were born during a journey — but that journey is
life, child. The wise will see that all life is a pathway. We
did not seek the power we have — we were called to it by the
orishas, and given power with the responsibility to minister to
our people

For many years we served our people as babalawos —
priests and sorcerers, who brought together the orishas with the
people. We served the chiefs of Ife —not the city you know now,
but the holy city-state of the ancient days, when the people
remembered the orishas. But then the Muslims came and con-
verted many of us, and the Uzoma began to lose our power. For
our powers come from the orishas, and the power of the orishas
comes from their believers. As they lost believers, they starved;
and we, in turn, lost many of our magics

The desert-men took many of us away to chain
and to sell; when the white invaders came,
they took even more of our people and sold

them across the seas. When the Yoruban

peoples went to America, our babalawos

went with them. In the New World and in our own
homeland alike, we learned soon enough that our ways must be
hidden. The Europeans forced their god-on-sticks upon us, and
punished those who remembered the orishas. We learned, too,
what happened to those the Christians called witches. There were
special Christians then — the mean and hateful men who were
knowledgeable in the ways of the hidden world but not wise in the
ways of the spirit — and they hunted the Uzoma and accused us
of dark and evil things. These people still exist, but they have lost
their hold over us

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERT


cad
42

Our babalawos in the Americas saw the faith of the people
change, as the way of the orishas became one with the way of the
hanged god. They learned of the Christian saints, and saw in them
our orishas. From this marriage, new faiths were born and new
names: Candomblé, Vodoun, Macumba and more. Even at
home, we were forced to hide as the English, French and Germans
spread their beliefs among our people. Though not all of our people
abandoned their original faith, we were forced to go underground
with our magics. We now count our years according to the birth
of the Christian god, and western ways have become our ways.
First the Portuguese lorded over us, and then the British. We knew
that for the Uzoma to survive, we must hide.

And so we did, knowing that one day the people would seek
the orishas again. And is this day not coming? In the past decades,
we have seen our people throw off the yoke of colonialism. Over
the waters, we have seen in our brothers and sisters in the
Americas return to the old ways. And the Uzoma slowly emerge
from hiding, reuniting the people with the orishas once more and
slowly restoring ashé — magic — to the life of the peoples.

THESOCIETY

Gathered into artificial families called ile, the Uzoma
sorcerer-priests watch over their mortal charges. Providing
access between the Otherworld and the material plane, these
wise folk keep to themselves unless forced into action by
some outside force. Such interference isa common fact of life
in Africa, where slavery, disease, starvation, supernatural
predation and spiritual corruption have wracked the land for
hundreds of years. Hence, these so-called "journeymen"
perch like watchful leopards over their villages. Accustomed
to interference, Uzoma elders take a dim view of strangers
and the changes they bring. So long as things remain peace-
ful, the Uzoma are content. If anyone threatens the ile or its
community... well, there are many reasons why parts of rural
Africa are still dangerous to cross.

MAGIC

Although most outsiders consider the Uzoma magi-
cians, the people themselves would dispute that claim. To
them, they are priests and holy women, sacred bridges be-
tween the spirits and humanity. The true sorcerers (in the
sinister sense) go by the secret name Nhanga, and claim to
worship other, more mysterious orishas. Dedicating their
souls to these shadowy beings, the Nhanga gain powers
traditionally offered to Infernalists while pretending to be
true Uzoma. While most journeymen put their peoples'
needs before their own, the Nhanga pursue personal accom-
plishment over spiritual service. The Uzoma call these hidden
witches "the flies in the rotting dung," and lump most foreign
magicians, mages and sorcerers in the same category for good
measure.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Spells and magic, or ashé (which, interestingly enough,
also means "so be it"), of the Uzoma tradition always take
place in the context of a religious ritual. Though Olorun is
invoked and praised at the beginning of each ritual, it is
through the orishas that Uzoma gain their magical abilities
—as both a favor for faithful service and a necessary tool to
do the orishas' bidding. Rituals involve singing, dancing and
drumming, all as a means of praising and communicating
with the orishas.

Orishas hover at the heart of Uzoma magic. Yoruba
stories teach that Olorun was once a single entity a time long
ago, but He was struck by a stone and shattered into many
beings. Thus, this primordial being became a multiplicity of
beings, found in the rocks, rivers and other objects of the
world, both natural and man-made, as well as in the invisible
personalities of the spirit world. Every person — not just
sorcerers — has a guiding orisha that helps determine his
personality. Common people often seek out Uzoma in order
to better understand their guiding orishas.

The Uzoma believe that each orisha has a corresponding
number, color, food and dance; understanding each aspect
allows one to communicate with the respective orishas, and
to win powers from them all. Over 400 orishas are said to
exist, although most Uzoma disagree about the spirits' names
and functions. Each village or town has its patron orishas,
and each Uzoma selects those who suit him best.

Some of the more popular orishas include:

© Elegba: The Opener of the Way and the guardian of
toads, he stands at the crossroads of the human and the
divine. Elegba — also called Eshu — is a trickster figure who
tests the faith of the believers. European missionaries com-
monly interpreted him as Satan, misunderstanding his role
among the orishas.

© Ogiin: The god of iron, war and labor, and the master
of technology.

* Oshosi: The hunter and scout, Oshosi translates
Obatal into words, tales and visions for the Uzoma.

© Obatala: Father of orishas and ofall humanity, Obatalé
tules the mind. It was through Obatalé that Olorun created
the universe. Obatala is both wisdom and justice incarnate.

© Oyé: The ruler of winds, cemeteries and the dead.
Once Ogun's wife, she is a fierce warrior and a patron of
strong women.

* Oshuin: She is the ruler of the sweet waters of the
world, and with them love and fertility. Though the youngest
of the female orishas, she is Iyalode, the queen.

© Yemayé: The Mother of All, the ruler of the seas and
lakes, and the queen of witches.

© Shangé: Among the most popular of the orishas,
Shangé is a virile warrior who rules over lightning, fire and
dance. Those whom he favors are gifted seers. He strikes
lightning by casting his thunderstones to Earth; the Uzoma

revere these items when the stones can be found, for they are
potent objects credited with many magical powers (see
Appendix).

¢ Orunmila: The master of wisdom and divination, he
stands as the witness to Creation and human destiny.

Bembe forms the heart of Uzoma magical ritual: through
singing, dancing and drumming, the sorcerer-priests entreat
the orishas to join the Uzoma community. Certain kinds of
drumming and dance are specific to different rituals, and are
neverperformed outside a magical context. The entire bembe
is designed to call down the orishas from heaven, from the
thythms played to the specific dances to the colors used

Such performances are equal parts party, religious invoca-
tion and magical rite.

The culmination of an Uzoma ritual includes possession
by an orisha — when the spirit "mounts" the head of the
babalawo and speaks through him. The Uzoma do not
typically try to force this phenomenon: The orishas speak
when they will.

The greatest recorded source of wisdom for the Uzoma
is the Ifa — a collection of over 250 patakis (sayings, myths
and stories) that are consulted with a shell divination. The
Ifa contains the entirety of knowledge within it; mastering
the nuances of the Ifa can take a lifetime

Ebo, or sacrifice, forms another vital component of
Uzoma magic. The orishas demand offerings for their suste-
nance, and the Uzoma believe that sacrifice is a vital
component of Creation. As a rule, Uzoma do not sacrifice
humans — the orishas are satisfied with the blood of chick-
ens, goats, or other small animals. Provided the animal has
not been used in some healing ceremony, the Uzoma cooks
and eats the meat of the slain beast afterward. On occasion,
an orisha requests that the animal be spared, and that it be
raised by the person who has been healed or helped by the
ritual.

(Nhanga are another matter; they favor human offer-
ings, often eating the sacrificial flesh straight off a screaming
victim and adorning themselves with his bones afterward.
Their orishas demand blood in great quantities, often spilled
by the most painful means possible. For this reason, many
Uzoma equate Verbena mages with Nhanga, and attack
them whenever the opportunity presents itself.)

Some Uzoma (and many Nhanga) deal with the eggun,
the dead. Uzoma sorcerers believe that everyone has a
personal eggun — a family of deceased spirits who look after
the living. The nature of the dead follow the nature of the
living; some eggun are dark, twisted spirits with vicious
agendas and harmful powers. These demon-wraiths corrupt
Uzoma unlucky or unwise enough to treat with them, or
follow sorcerers whose personal deeds are foul enough to
attract their attention.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


INITIATES

Historically, the travelers hail from Yoruban or Nige-
rian descent. Most Uzoma who followed the African Diaspora
were absorbed into the disparate traditions that grew out of
the Diaspora — Candomblé, Obeah, Santeria, Lucumi, and
so on — so most members of this society remain in Africa.
Handfuls of transplanted Uzoma remained true to their
ancestral tradition and secretly passed on the old ways in
their new world. Small cells of these ile thrive in hidden parts
of Jamaica, Columbia and the United States.

Whites are not actually forbidden from joining the Uzoma,
but few of them are ever initiated. This has less to do with race
than with acculturation — most whites are simply raised with
adifferent mind-set and worldview —and mystic ancestral ties.
A European might be able to intellectually accept the idea of the
orishas, but they do not speak to him through the chains of
blood; thus, he remains outside their blessings.

Initiation into Uzoma begins with a consultation of the Ifa
and a discernment of the initiate's guiding orisha. The Uzoma
congregate in different houses (ile), arranged around different
orishas; the initiate's orisha determines which house he should
be initiated in. The initiate is crowned with his orisha, and
receives his elekes — a special set of necklaces that are blessed
by the house babalawo and that tie the initiate to that house.

During the initiate's first year, he is considered a child who
must follow strict guidelines. He must dress in white, follow
dietary guidelines, and he cannot be touched. The new child of
the orishas serves the priests in whatever capacity required, as he
studies the patakis of the orishas and learns to cast the Ifa.

After this year passes, the initiate becomes a babalawo
himself. Thebabalawohas the duty tohelp his peopleand perform
the will of the orishas— the Uzoma are not aself-serving society.
Babalawo means literally the "father of secrets"; among most
Yoruban followers of the faith, only men may become babalawos.
Some Uzoma, however, admit women to theirranks, understand-
ing the ties between female orishas and mortal women.

ORGANIZATION

Uzoma sorcerers follow a simple hierarchy, and reveal the
secrets of their society through progressive levels of initiation.
Various houses are built around different orishas. A senior
babalawo presides over each house. There is often some dis-
agreement between different regions and houses over the nature
of the orishas and details of magical rituals, but under most
circumstances the various houses cooperate. A small handful of
ile have been exiled from the Uzoma community, however;
truthfully or not, these pariahs have been accused of Nhanga
practices and are avoided by any sensible person.

The majority of the Uzoma society resides in the Yoruban
homelands: primarily Nigeria, but also Benin and Togo. A
few Uzoma sorcerers may be found outside of Africa however
— those who preserved their ancestral ways, or who seek out

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

the older truths by returning to their ancestral lands. After an
apprenticeship in Africa, many of these new journeymen
return to their homelands in America and Europe. These
new Uzoma have begun training new generations of shamans
and sorcerers in the Yoruban tradition.

RELATIONS

© Hunters: Although the Arcanum has sent research
teams down into Africa to explore the native sorcerers' ways,
they've learned very little. The scholars' basic prejudices, com-
bined with their incorrigible whiteness, have provided the
Uzoma some amusement, but very little respect. The Inquisi-
tion, however, has earned a name among the journeymen, and
that name isn't good. White "missionaries" who seem a bit too
zealous are asked to leave three times. If the warnings aren't
heeded, the local ile takes more-permanent actions.

© Other Magicians: Since the Uzoma tend to keep to
themselves, they have very few opinions about other magical
societies.

© Mages: In a perfect world, the Uzoma would get along
well with members of the Bata'a Craft (see Book of Crafts).
In the World of Darkness, however, the Bata'a are surpris-
ingly territorial, and would include the Uzoma under their
eclectic umbrella if they could — in spite of the fact that the
Uzoma practice the original beliefs from which the Bata'a
traditions have descended! The siege mentality that both
groups have cultivated, mixed with a distaste for the darker
aspects of Bata'a magick, keep these brothers at arm's length.

The Uzoma suspicions about black magic extend to all
other mystical societies. Although the Dreamspeakers and
African tribal Choristers admire the Uzoma for the tenacity
of their belief, the babalawos look askance at those Tradi-
tions' allies. How can one speak truly for the spirits when he
walks beside a blood-witch? Although the journeymen re-
spect all workers of ashé, they keep a healthy distance from
those who evoke the more sinister orisha.

While the Nhanga appear Nephandic to outsiders, these
sorcerers practice their own personal evils. The occasional
tempter might lead a Uzoma to the Cauls, but for the most
part, the shunned babalawos listen to the orishas and the
orishas alone.

The Technocratic Union has an extensive file on Afri-
can wonder-workers, but many of its facts are wrong.
According to NWO information, the Uzoma form an off-
shoot of the Dreamspeakers. This simplistic view underscores
the traditional dismissal of many things African; "Well, gee,
they all look alike, so they must belong to the same club!"

© Others: For centuries, the journeymen kept truces
with the werecats who dominate the African continent. In
recent years, however, the werelion called Black Claw (see
Bastet) has ravaged the towns and villages the Uzoma call
home. So far, no spirit appeal has stopped the tyrant cat.


While the elders regard Black Claw as but the latest in a long
string of oppressors, the younger babalawos wonder if he's a
sign of more dangerous things. Putting aside their traditional
ways, these priest-magicians have taken up modern weapons
in an effort to curb this werelion's Endless Storm pride.
Surely the evil spirits are laughing.

Transplanted vampire clans consider the babalawos to
be ignorant children playing with ancient toys. The few
Tremere who actually take the time to explore Nhanga ways
find insights into the Spirit Path of their Thaumaturgy, but
they have a hard time getting close to true Uzoma. The
fathers of secrets seem to have a knack for discovering
vampires, and they shun these polluted creatures when they
can. That avoidance does not extend to the eshu fae, who
carry an old connection to the orisha whose name they bear.

Uzoma Characters

* Concepts: Tribal healer, human rights actiy- |
ist, militant, farmer, anthropologist, teacher, soldier.

¢ Traits: The long and disciplined training an
initiate undergoes encourages Social and Mental At~
tributes and Abilities. Linguistics, Etiquette, Cosmology,
Hearth Wisdom, Craft, Expression and Dancing are
important skills toa journeyman. While poor by mod-

"ern standards, most Uzoma have extensive Influence

within their communities and gain many Allies.
* Preferred Paths: Divination, Ephemera, Fasci-
nation, Healing, Herbalism/Brewing, Weathercraft.
© Magical Style: By invoking spirit aid and
Possession, a Uzoma can produce many sudden,
startling effects — storms, ghostly manifestations,
great healings and powerful charms. 7

lam wot impressed by finewordsor

bright deeds. Showmethe strengihof
your spiritand we shall talk like
brothers. Otherwise, pass on by.


OTHER GROUPS

Chains of oppression shackles of fear

Forever broken for those who draw near

From storm to shelter from darkness to light

Wings cast a shadow a haven from falling light

— Circle of Dust, "Night Fall"

The night is full of seers and would-be wizards. To list them
all would be impossible—each passing moon bringsa new society
into being, or watches the final ebbing of an established order. In
a world supposedly purged of magic, these sorcerers tend the
embers of ancient flames. Although few have "Awakened" in the
grander sense, their gifts are as undeniable as the moon.

The following groups, while few in numbers, illuminate
the magical pathways. As with the other, larger societies
mentioned, these fellowships are equally appropriate for
player or non-player magicians. While some members of
these societies have achieved the power of the Spheres, most
are simple "hedge wizards." They don't understand the dis-
tinction and don't care. Use them as you will, and remember
that they're just branches of a much larger tree — or a much
longer road.

ASATRU FUTHARK

Founded in the 1970s, this fractured group recalls the
gods and runes of old Norse sorcery. Proud and virile, the
Asatru challenge themselves to the old tests and hold most
other orders in contempt. Unlike their vitkar ancestors who
understood the importance of strength but also the wisdom
of grace, the modern Asatru favor neo-Nazi roots and prac-
tice dark, Satanic magics in an effort to drive the Christians
from their lands.

A messy mangle of Norse practices, infernal pacts and
heavy metal, most Asatru give pagans a bad name. Their
rituals emphasize self-mutilation, strong beer, loud music
and live sacrifice. Calling their religion "a return to the old
and powerful gods of conquest," these young sorcerers burn
churches, dig up graveyards, beat bystanders and curse even
their own kind. The original founders of the society, Ivar the
Blood-Red (now deceased), Lady Freyja (his lover, now head
of the cult), Gunnaar Brect (a rival, also dead) and Kveldulf
Stérrn (Lady Freyja's new lover) acted like cartoon Vikings
with Satanic tendencies. Their followers emulate their ex-
ample, and the resulting cult would be humorous if it didn't
spill so much blood. Although some of its newer "converts"
favor Gothic and Industrial bands, most Asatru revel in
Black Metal and skinhead groups. The bands' hyper-
adrenalized stormtrooper imagery fuels a fire stoked in racism
and nurtured by a savage contempt for the "weakness" of
civilization. With blood magic and mundane violence, the
"new vanguard of the old gods" spreads a gospel of hate from
the Old Country to the New World.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Most sorcerers (and mages) consider the Futhark a joke.
Serious magicians who practice the old ways are deeply offended
by the cult's pseudo-barbarian activities. Still, the Asatru have
their devotees, especially in Germany and Holland, where a
combination of immigration, unemployment and Christian
fundamentalism have provided ample kindling for the Futhark's
fires. The group boasts over 1000 members worldwide; it's
probably far smaller, and has less-internal discipline than it
would like to believe. Hatred makes a powerful motivation,
however, and backed up by a handful of demonic patrons, this
small but fanatical group is gathering steam for a final, bloody
rampage. Assuming they survive, Lady Freyja and her cult may
soon carve a gory hunk from the occult underworld.

Paths: Divination, Enchantment, Hellfire, Shadows

THE DOZEN PRIESTS OF THE PYTHIAN ORDER

In the centuries before Christ, the Pythian Order was a
thriving order of Greek and Hellenic sorcerers. Oracles for the
godsand masters of divination, pythians found magic in the form
of poetry; surely Polyhymnia's meter held sacred resonance —
how else could it bring grown men to tears? Pythian poetry was
anart, science and mystery in one; unlike the rampant verse that
passes for "poetry" in the moder world, the Pythian art com-
bined numerology, music, astrology and mathematics. Poetic
meter was intrinsically tied into the power of numbers and the
music of the spheres; the texts that captured that meter were said
to have great mystical power.

Rare from the beginning, Pythian sorcerers grew rarer
still as the Dark Ages enveloped Europe. When the Renais-
sance brightened the sky somewhat, classical scholars sought
the handful of Pythian texts and queried the so-called Dozen
Priests who understood the texts' significance. The Roman-
tic period brought a new interest in Greek literature to the
Dozen Priests' doorsteps. Lord George Byron had several
Pythian poems in his collection, and is said to have worked
his whole life to capture their magnificence.

Despite these brief flashes of "popularity," the deeply esoteric
nature of Pythian magic has kept it from catching on, even among
the most dedicated magicians. Bits and pieces have sifted down
from various compilations of Pythian verse, but only the true texts
have the powersattributed to them by the legends. The Daughters
of Cacophony, an obscure vampiric bloodline, are said to have
sprung froma Toreador with an unhealthy fixation upon Pythian
poetry, but the sorcerers themselves faded even as Byron and his
kind sought them out. Although generally believed to be extinct,
this venerable orderstill maintainsa temple on Milos, atiny island
off the coast of Greece, where the sacred verses have been
preserved. The Dozen Priests have dwindled to a half-dozen at
best, but their power — reinforced by centuries of life and study
— may have grown to godlike proportions.

Paths: Divination, Fascination, Summoning, Binding
and Warding (Daimonic)

THE FENIAN

A handful of ancestral Irish shapeshifters, the Fenian brag
of an unbroken lineage to the Tuatha Du Daanan. Naturally,
everyone would like to claim such a heritage; the Fenian,
however, can back up their boast with magical powers, un-
earthly talents, soul-binding oaths and inhuman allies.

A fixture in the distant times, these half-fae adventurers
forsook family and clan to wander among the groves, hills and
coasts. Some became enchanted, joining the faeries in their
Freeholds; others became the greatest of bards, celebrated with
feasts and songs; those who favored the sea became like selkies,
sloughing off their human forms to join theseal-folk; the strongest
—and most foolhardy — became warriors
whose fame eclipsed their exceed-
ingly short lives. Legends tell of
the powers of such folk. In
their prime, they changed
intoanimalsatwill, pos-
sessed thefaeriesight,
fought with the fe-
rocity of wild

boars and sung with the grace of gods.

Less magicians than innately magical beings, the Fenian
became a clan unto themselves, a loose family of unbroken
Celtic blood that remains undiluted to this day. That in itself
makes them a rare breed — only the luckiest and most-remote
folk survived the trinity of invasion, assimilation and inbreeding
withoutfaltering. Strong taboos—the gesa (see Chapter Three)
— kept the heritage strong when they were heeded, and
destroyed whole bloodlines when they were not. In the modern
day, less than 30 people can truly say "I share the old changing
blood" and prove it, too. Although their folk are not in any way
members of the Changing Breeds, all possess the gift of skin-
shifting. It is an old talent, one lovingly preserved, that crosses

whole generations before it manifests again. Although
it requires practice to master, this talent is in-
nate. Like the faerie sight and the gift of
music, the magic of forms is the mark
of a Fenian born.
Each Fenian bears a
gesa. To break that ban
is to break your pow-
ers, and to dishonor
the bloodline
which carries

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY


them. Nearly all of them speak the Celtic téngue, though some
distant relatives have never learned it. All beast-folk possess a
sweet singing voice, great strength and a bear's stamina; the
temper of the bear comes with the package, too — Fenian have
no tolerance for fools or foes!

The ancient gift carries the favor of werewolf, fae and
ancestral ghosts. A known Fenian has allies among the
Fianna tribe, Old World kith and the spirits of their departed
kin. On the balance side, the corrupt half-spirits called
fomori can sense their ancient rivals; it was the Fenians' old
duty to protect mortals from the Wyrmspawn, and the evil
spirits remember that even if their human hosts do not. A
fomor can sense the changing blood, and it incites him to a
murder-frenzy. Thus, the old folk grow rarer still.

A Fenian couldn't care less. She'sa wild lass, a witch and
a rover with dancing feet and an Irish temper, the heart of a
beast and the soul of a poet. So long as she preserves her vow,
the changing blood will carry to another generation. With
the recent reverence for all things Irish, the fading clan may
rise again in the coming years...

Paths: Fascination, Shapeshifting (required affinity),
Weathercraft

MOGEN HA CHAV

The name Mogen Ha Chav (The Shield of the 36) refers
toaloose conglomeration of Kabbalistic scholars who banded
together centuries ago to discover and protect the 36 upright
human beings whom some myths say protect the world
through their essential goodness.

Descended from a cabal of students at the legendary
Kabbalistic academy at Genoa, the members of Mogen Ha
Chav spend their days attempting to divine the identities
and locations of members of the 36; from there, they work
through agents across the world, diverting any threat that
might imperil one of these righteous folk. It's an open
question whether or not these scholars have actually suc-
ceeded in their mission, but seeing as the world hasn't ended
yet, they may well be onto something.

The members of Mogen Ha Chav are uniformly male and
over 40 years of age; to study the Kabbalah when one is younger
and not properly "grounded" in life invites fearful risks. The
oldest scholar among the Mogen, the group's Baal Shem Tov
(Master of the Good Name) is almost a hundred years of age,
while the other members of the cabal range in years from 45 to
97. Mostare at least 60, and all have the traditional tsitsis, beard
and yarmulke that Orthodox Jewish tradition mandates.

These days the Shield is centered in New York, on the
fringes of the Lubavitcher community in Brooklyn. Operating
out of a brownstone house that also houses a yeshiva, Mogen Ha
Chav concentrates primarily on divinitory work. While much
of that labor is dedicated toward locating and protecting the
actual 36, the gematria and horoscopes these scholars cast can

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

turn up useful and startling bits of information. The Shield also
possesses an astonishing library of occult (primarily Kabbalistic)
texts, a vast fortune that provides for the Shield's eternal work,
anda network of informants, doctors, guardians that protect the
worthy ones from harm — and assures that these important
people remain on a rightious path. Earth is too great a prize to
leave without protectors; so long as this fellowship endures, so
too (hopefully) shall the world.

Paths: Divination, Healing, Summoning, Binding and
Warding (both types), Weathercraft

THE SEVEN THUNDERS

Despite its Oriental ring, these anti-magical prophets of
Armageddon draw their name from a Christian source: The
Revelations of Saint John, seer of the Apocalypse, author of the
Last Book and beholder of the Seven Trumps of Judgment. As the
bearers of those Trumps (so they believe), the Seven Thunders
have risen from the past to preach the gospel of the End Times.
Now, as before, they have a large and willing audience.

The original Seven Thunders were a group of Renais-
sance clerics gifted with awesome visitations and
overpowering True Faith. Summoned together by what
seemed like Divine intervention, these seven men shared a
conviction that the Apocalypse was at hand. The year 1500
would herald the rearrival of Christ, and it fell to these men,
His servants, to prepare the way. To that end, they raised a
huge fellowship and invested it with their own holy vision.
Their converts (often lay people confused by the corruption
of the church) displayed amazing powers: healing gifts,
exorcism talents and the blazing Faith that enabled them to
drive unholy things from sight. Convinced that science,
magic and even scholarship were affronts to God, the Seven
Thunders began a purge; across Europe, universities burned,
sanctuaries fell and witchfires rose into the sky. No one but
the meek were worthy of salvation, so everyone, from king to
pope to magician to priest, was condemned to burn. By God's
hands if necessary, by the Thunders' if possible.

The Seven Thunders enjoyed a short but violent rampage;
from 1490 to 1501, their fellowship challenged mages, mortal
lords and supernatural beasts. By the end of the last year, however,
the Trumps had faded; four Thunders lay dead, another two had
been corrupted. The last holy man tried to rally his army, but the
people, sensing theirdefeat, withdrew ordied. AntonioCastrovinci,
the last prophet, sealed his testament in a mountain retreat before
perishing in his personal Armageddon.

In 1992, that testament was rediscovered.

The reborn Thunders have risen quickly. Once again,
seven people — this time, two of the prophets are women —
have come together, bathed in devastating Faith and driven by
undeniable visions. Using modem technology, they have as-
sembleda formidable millennialist army ofcommon people who
believe that the world can't possibly grow any more corrupt.


Unlike the Society of Leopold, the Seven Thunders
move in secret, undermining their targets through
manipulation and sudden terror. As before, these
holy commandos wield swords of True Faith. It may
be that the God they hear in the clouds has sounded
His Trumps. Magicians across the world can already
hear its echoes in the darkness at their backs.

Paths: Healing, Hellfire and the True Faith
Merit (at very high levels).

TOLONDRODERE: THE DREAMERS OF THE
SILVER PORTAL

A recent revival of an ancient group,
the Dreamers of the Silver Star are
oneiromancers — magicians whose
powers lie in dreams and dreaming.
This fellowship of seven sorcerers
base their magics on the Covenant
of the Silver Portal, an 18th century
English translation of a 14th-
century Byzantine Greek
manuscript which in turn was
translated from a 5th-century
Persian scroll that may in fact
have been translated from yet
another ancient work. This
single tome (which has under-
gone so many revisions and

translations that the most re-
cent work bears little
resemblance to the original
piece) purports to reveal the
secrets of oneiromancy and the
hidden terrain of the dream
worlds — the Dream Realms
called Maya, from which, it is said,

The Dreamers of the Silver Por-
tal gather together in dreamform and
traverse the byways of the dreaming,
insearchofthefabled City ofSyrannon
— a city that, if found, grants the
dreamer life eternal. Many dreamers
have gone mad on such a quest, dis-
coveringinstead Otherworldly horrors
and the nightmares of dying gods.
Some few have returned from their
slumbered enriched by savage insights
and possessed of unearthly gifts.

Who can question the nature of
dreams?

Paths: Conveyance, Ephemera, Fascina-
tion, Healing.

CHAPTER TWO: THE FACES OF SORCERY



CHAPTER THREE:

CHARACTER CREATION

their souls.

Good men spiritualize their bodies: bad men incarnate

— Benjamin Whichcote, Cambridge Platonist

"Pronounce carefully, Lisa — Khat:zhas."

"Katzas," she struggled. "What is it?"

"It is the 452nd ideogram and fundamental to the practice of
harmonics. Try again: Khat:zhas. Aspirate. Sound it out very
carefully; I realize there are sounds here you cannot hear at first." Her
guide was patient, sitting across from her in the bare, white room.

"Look, we've been sitting here for two hours. When am I
going to start learning something important?"

A look of surprise crossed her instructor's face. "You are
learning something important. You are learning the fundamentals
of harmonics. Try again. Khat:zhas."

Lisa leapt up from her chair. "Cat's ass! Cat's ass! I'm sick
of this shit. Harmonics! Alien planets! I came here for truth and
enlightenment, not some Heaven's Gate-Eckanckar reject!"

The door slammed loudly behind her.

Her guide stared at the door and finally shrugged. Many are
called and few are chosen.

GROUND ZERO

Sorcerers in the World of Darkness are not fully Awak-
ened beings, but neither are they simply "magic users." They
are people drawn to the mysteries of the Otherworld, at-
tempting to divine the secrets of Creation. They are teachers
and students equally, and many view their pursuits with the
fervor and devotion of religious fanatics.

Asorcerer character begins with a vision —a vision of who
she is and why she seeks the great mysteries. Very often, this
vision comes through some cultural tradition — either one that
fits in with how the magician was raised, or one that goes against
everything she was taught to believe. Once the student locks
ontoateaching that seems "just right," the proverbial bells go off
inher head and she reaches for that philosophy with both hands.

It's probably worth repeating that a person doesn't just say,
"Cool! I'm gonna be a magic-user!" and throw her life into the
sea. Some experience, trauma or revelation, shakes her founda-

tions, causing her to go off on a quest. This insight may not be

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


afull-fledged Awakening (see Mage: The Ascension, page 33),

but it's pretty close. A magician needs motivation, and the

vision provides a good kick in the ass for any potential sorcerer.
Begin with a vision, and the rest will follow.

THE CREATION PROCESS

Come to life my second skin
To protect the madness locked within
— Faith and the Muse, "The Silver Circle"
(See also the Character Creation spread on pages
74-75.)

Sorcerer characters are "built" like mages, vampires,
Garou and other supernatural entities (see the respective
tulebooks for details). They do, however, start with fewer
points and choose from a slightly different set of skills. Like
most mortal characters, magicians balance their lower At-
tribute and Ability totals (6/4/3 and 11/7/4, respectively)
with 21 starting freebie points. Flaws (pages 65-66) allow
such characters to raise the total slightly higher at the cost of
alittle self-preservation. Though sorcerers begin their "lives"
inaslightly weaker position than their supernatural counter-
parts, they are, after all, normal human beings. A Storyteller
who wants to allow a magician who can literally run with the
wolves into the game can, of course, begin her player at the
usual beginning point totals if she so desires.

Remember that the following rules are guidelines and
Storytelling aids, only — not character definitions. A good
concept is always more important than the numbers attached to
various scores. So if a particular character really calls out for
numbers somewhat different than what the rules allow, the
Storyteller should grant the player a bit of leeway. Players, of
course, need to return this flexible attitude with some responsi-
bility of their own. Don't try to get away with a super-sorcerer
and claim that your vision is Merlin's great-grandson!

QUESTIONS

Perhaps the most important question a would-be magician
must ask himself is why. Why did I study magic? What kind of
magic did I study, and why did I choose it? What experiences
have I had as a result of that particular discipline? Remember,
magic is a discipline. Your character will have waded through
fire and storm to get where he is by the time your chronicle
begins, and he'll need a good reason to have done so. Ask
yourself why, and you'll answer a host of other questions.

Consider the following issues:

Appearance: What does your sorcerer look like? How
old is he, and what fashions does he follow?

© Culture: Where does he come from? How was he
raised? Does he revere his traditional upbringing or is he
rebelling against it? And who does he hang around with now?

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

* Allies: Who are they? Why are they friends? Do they owe
him, respecthim or love him? And how does he feel about them?

© Specialties: What makes your sorcerer's practices dis-
tinct from other fields of inquiry? How are his abilities unique,
or at least more personal, from other magicians' talents?

® Society: Does your magician belong to a mystical order,
or has he chosen a solitary road? Did he leave an organization,
and if so, why? (And are they after him for doing so?) Has he
switched allegiances, and what do others think of him ifhe has?

¢ Equipment: What does your character have close at
hand? And where did he get it?

© Magic: How did he first encounter magic? Why does
he study it? Where does he think it comes from, and what
does he believe about its laws?

© Mundane Identity: Your character can't always be study-
ing magic. How does he earn money? Where does he live? Who.
does he associate with, and do they know about his "hobbies"?

© Motivations: What drives your character to study
magic? Whatattracted him to sorcery in the first place? What
has that pursuit cost him, and why does he continue?

* Values: What does he hold sacred? What will he do
— or not do — to make something happen? Where does he
draw the line, and what happens if something crosses it?

MY DAD IS BIGGER THAN YOUR DAD

Magic is what makes a sorcerer a sorcerer. Without it, he
simply dabbles in esoteric studies. The magic that sorcerers
use is a lesser form of the art — not "true" magick, but a
learned and perfected skill.

These magical arts are divided intoa number of Paths, each
dealing with various areas of concern. Some magical societies
stress different Paths, and each sorcerous tradition has its own
interpretations of how the Path should be studied and practiced.
In game terms, they all work the same way, but your character
will know differently. Naturally, he's proud of his chosen tech-
niques and defends their truth against all heresies.

So which sorcerous method is better? Is nature-magic
better than church-magic? Is High Ritual superior to Low
Ritual? Those inquiries aren't unlike the question "Which is
better, karate or kung fu?" and the answers are quite similar.

The power is in the practitioner, not the practice.

If, in the process of creating a sorcerer character, you're
trying to decide which group kicks the most ass, you've missed
the point of this book. Magical belief and practices don't exist
inside a vacuum —they're part of a cultural continuum. No one
group in this book has a clear advantage over the other. If you
want to play a member of a certain society, do so because you're
attracted to that culture and history, not because you think these
sorcerers are "better" than the rest. Naturally, your character will
believe that his society and its practices are the be-all and end-
all of magical enlightenment; that, however, is a character
distinction, not a systems one.


Don't let yourself be fooled by stereotypes, either; just
because the Fenian are more physically inclined, and the
Nephite Priesthood is more intellectually oriented doesn't
mean that the Fenian are stupid and the Nephites are just a
bunch of wimps!

If you're playing a sorcerer, chances are you're not into
power gaming anyway. Face it, they're not among the most
powerfulresidents of the World of Darkness. Remember that the
magician's road is more about belief and dedication to a cause
than about kick-ass magic, and you'll have that much more fun.

SORCERERS AND THEIR FELLOW BEINGS

So what's missing? Why do the True Mages and the
magicians practice similar arts but achieve different results?

Why can't a sorcerer employ Sphere magick while a mystick
performs hedge magic? Where does this leave the other
Shadow Folk and their obviously paranormal powers?

Let's skip metaphysics and make things simple: Think of
the mystic arts as paintings. Limited by what she is, a
vampire, werewolf or other such creature uses a paint-by-
numbers set —a very powerful paint-by-numbers set, but aset
just the same. She's bound toa certain pattern, certain colors
and certain results. No matter how powerful the vampire,
Auspex will not make a person's head explode from across
the room. Auspex always follows a set pattern.

A sorcerer uses a similar paint-by-numbers set. The
colors are a little brighter, the brushes slightly more flexible,
but the end result is more or less the same. She may get very
good at what she does, but the design was created long ago
and nothing the magician can do, short of throwing the
whole set away, will change the painting much.

Awakened mages pitch the paint set out the window and
begin with clean canvases. They use similar mixtures and brushes
— the Spheres —and begin their careers with similar templates
—rotes, magick styles and foci. In time, however, a True Mage
realizes that the designs and tools are unimportant. She begins to
finger-paint with reality, to splatter the canvas and let the paint
drip and do all kinds of Jackson Pollack stuff. Like Pollack, she
makes a mess — Paradox — but in the end, her paintings are her
own. If she's really talented, she might eventually learn that the
paint itself — the canvas itself — is unimportant. She transcends
the painting and becomes art. In short, she Ascends.

(For folks who want the complicated answer to the question,
see Mage: The Ascension's second edition, Chapter Four.)

For the record, a magician cannot soak aggravated
damage, but is immune to the Delirium and does not count
as a Sleeper in the presence of True Magick. Counterspells
can absorb a certain amount of mystical punishment, but a
hedge wizard who wants to go head-to-head with a vampire
had better wear armor or have good medical coverage... and
funeral arrangements.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


"CHANGE OF LIFE" SYSTEMS (OPTIONAL)

As stated before, a sorcerer is a normal human being with
some extraordinary skills. Her fellow supernaturals, on the other
hand, are fundamentally different. The Changing Breeds are
separate species, crossbreeds of humans and something other.
Changelings only appear to be human, while Kindred, mummies
and ghosts were once human but became something else.
Awakened mages are metahumans, people who have reached
another level of existence. Thus, a magician cannot become
another supernatural creature and remain what she is.

Not that she can't change; a magician may be Embraced
or Awakened. If either of those things occurs, she substitutes
some new magical talent for the skill she once understood. A
vampiric sorcerer's hedge magic becomes Thaumaturgy or
another appropriate Discipline; an Awakened one loses her
original arts, but learns, in time, to weave the greater Spheres
in familiar ways. (See sidebar for suggested "starting points.")

In either case, the "reborn" character takes a bit of time to
relearn what she had known. Her Paths and Rituals (see
Chapter Four) can either be swapped for dots in the appropriate
magical Advantages, or turned intoa pool of freebie points. Each
Path dotis worth seven points; each Ritual is worth three. These
points can be spent on new Advantages or Traits that reflect the
character's "change of life." Once "reborn," the former wizard
receives whatever "starting powers" come with her new form;
she does not, however, acquire a new character's beginning
freebie points or Backgrounds. All other Traits remain as they
were when the change occurred.

Example: Basel plays Chula, a Balamob sorcerer versed in
the Paths of Shapeshifting, Conjuration and Ephemera. All told,
his Paths equal out to six dots, and he knows four Rituals to go with
them. When a charming woman consumes the magician's blood
and replaces a bit of it with her own, he falls into a horrible fit, dies
and rises again. Try as he might, Chula cannot get his old skills to
work; refusing to give in, he prays to the gods, chants the ageless
rhymes and wills himself to change.

Over a period of weeks, he masters his new form; although his sire
was a Toreador vampire, the Disciplines Chula learns are quite at odds
with the traditional powers of her clan. In game terms, Chula gets the
usual three dots in Auspex, Celerity and Presence from his sire's blood.
His magical knowledge manifests itself as three dots in Protean, one in
Thaumaturgy (Path of Conjuring) and two in Necromancy. To his
dismay , Chula finds himself unable to speak to any spirits except ghosts.
Suchis the curse of his new state. Chula "lives," after a fashion, but his
magic has been tainted by his damnation. Like a beginning vampire,
Chula gets his seven Virtues; he does not receive any additional
Background points, though, so Basel spends 12 points from his Rituals
to purchase Mentor, Herd and Generation.

Some Awakened societies, notably the Order of Hermes,
instruct aspiring members in hedge magic to prepare them for
greater possibilities. This cannot be done with people who

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

have already Awakened, only with Sleepers who are ready for
better things. Ata critical point, however, the aspirant must
throw her learning into the sea and start anew.

Sphere magick, being more complex and powerful than
hedge magic, makes that transition a bit more expensive than the
transition between magician and vampire. In game terms, the
player trades in the Paths for a pool of freebie points, points she
later uses to buy Spheres, Arete and other Traits she picks up
during her training (see above). The new mage begins without an
Arete, Spheres or Avatar rating; her player will have to buy these
Traits with the freebie points that came from the old Path dots.

This transition is not instantaneous; in story terms, the
former magician adapts to a new way of thinking, feeling and
working. This takes time — typically six months or more. She'll
probably adopt the style and foci that resemble her old practice.
She will, however, need to learn a greater perspective. We suggest
that a magician-cum-mage begin her "new" life with an Arete no
higher than three. Skill does not translate to enlightenment.

Example: When Louise's character, a member of the Order
of the Aeon Rites, realizes the real truth behind Hermetic theory,
the shock shatters her old preconceptions. Her faith in ruins, she
finds the old ways no longer work; fortunately, Hermetic mage
Robin Herod is nearby. He takes the former sorcerer under his
wing and teaches her how to apply her old theories.

In game terms, Louise liquidates her character's various Paths.
A pool of eight dots and six Rituals becomes a larger pool of 74 freebie
points. As her character learns the mysteries, she acquires an Arete
of 3 (12 points), six new Spheres (42 points) , several Backgrounds
(Avatar 4, Chantry 2and Mentor 4—atotal of 10 points) , andother
skills (totaling 10 freebie points). Her style and foci will, of course,
follow standard Hermetic practices

Sorcerers cannot become werebeasts or changelings. A
magician could be related to such creatures, though, (see the
Fae Blood and Shapeshifter Kin Merits) and learn a few of
their mystical powers in addition to her own. Likewise, the
sorcerer might imbibe Kindred vitae and assume a sort of
kinship to the undead (see the Ghoul Merit) without losing
her arts. Such kinship has its price, of course, often measured
in new enemies, odd alliances and virtual slavery.

A magician who dies but becomes a ghost begins as an
Enfant without any of her previous Advantages. Like any
other ghost, she starts out at square one with the usual Traits,
although her mortal Abilities remain. At the Storyteller's
option, the magician's mystical savvy might influence the
Arcanoi she eventually masters (see sidebar); the points,
however, are lost. Death is a new beginning.

"STARTING POINTS" FOR SORCERERS LEARNING NEW POWERS

Paths Suggested New Powers q
¢ Alchemy: Matter or Prime (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — Biot Path or new Path (Discipline); Flux or Lifeweb
(Arcanoi)
© Conjuration: Correspondence (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — Path of Conjuring or Movement of the Mind
(Discipline); Flux or Outrage (Arcanoi) 3
* Conveyance: Correspondence (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — new Path (Discipline); Argos or Embody (Arcanoi) |
© Cursing: Entropy, Life or Mind (Sphere); Thanatosis or Thaumaturgy — Path of Corruption (Discipline); 7
Pandemonium or Outrage (Arcanoi). 4
Divination: Correspondence or Time (Sphere); Auspex or Thaumaturgy —new Path (Discipline); Fatalism (Arcanoi)
¢ Enchantment: Matter or Prime (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — new Path (Discipline); Flux, Inhabit or Usury (Arcanoi) 7
* Ephemera: Spirit (Sphere); Necromancy or Thaumaturgy — Spirit Path (Discipline); Argos, Embody or
Pandemonium (Arcanoi)
© Fascination: Mind (Sphere); Presence (Discipline); Intimation or Keening (Arcanoi)
© Healing: Life (Sphere); Obeah (Discipline); Castigate, Embody, Moliate or Usury (Arcanoi) 3
© Hellfire: Forces (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — Lure of Flames or Elemental Mastery (Discipline); Outrage (Arcanoi)
* Herbalism/Brewing: Life or Prime (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — new Path (Discipline); Inhabit or Lifeweb (Arcanoi) |
© Shadows: Forces (Sphere); Obtenebration (Discipline); Outrage or Pandemonium (Arcanoi) 3
© Shapeshifting: Life (Sphere); Protean (Discipline); Moliate or Lifeweb (Arcanoi)
'* Summoning, Binding and Warding (Material): Correspondence or Life ee Thaumaturgy — new Path ©
(Discipline); Lifeweb or Outrage (Arcanoi) 4
© Summoning, Binding and Warding (Daimonic): Spirit (Sphere); Daimsiroh or Thaumaturgy — Spirit |
(Discipline); Argos or Embody (Arcanoi) q
© Weathercraft: Forces (Sphere); Thaumaturgy — _ Neptune i

s Might (Discipline); Outrage (Arcanos)

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

FRINGE CHARACTERS

Some people can never leave well enough alone. Hence
the following notes:

© Mummies: The Rite of Rebirth that allows a person to
join the ranks of the Reborn is so obscure that a new magician-
mummy is unlikely. Should a sorcerer rediscover the Rite, her
arts would shift to Hekau Paths (see World of Darkness:
Mummy, second edition) as if she were Embraced.

© Risen: From time to time, a magician may return from
the dead to settle one last score. Like ghosts, these rare
creatures employ Arcanoi, not hedge magic, though they
retain their occult skills and memories.

© Skin Dancers: The Wyrm-ridden Rite of Sacred
Rebirth that creates the forsaken Skin Dancer werewolves is
even more obscure and continues to carry the stigma of its
proponent, Samuel Haight. Asa Kinfolk with stolen powers,
a Skin Dancer could begin her "career" as a sorcerer. The
corrupt influence of the Rite and its aftereffects, however,
will probably turn her magic in a darker direction.

© Other Shadow Folk: Technically, Gypsies, fomori,
certain Bastet tribes (the Bubasti, Ceilican and Qualmi) and
some other shapeshifters can learn hedge magic in addition to
their usual powers. Beings with such mixed talents are extraor-
dinarily rare, however, and would be expensive to create. Other
mortal hunters can learn magic as easily as any magician; some
Arcanists and Inquisitors are quite good at it...

We hereby grant the Storyteller the right to refuse sorcerer-
mummies, sorcerer-Risen, sorcerer-Skin Dancers,
sorcerer-Gypsies, sorcerer-fomori or sorcerer-werecats as player
characters, or to make such characters (and their players) pay
dearly for their additional powers. Such characters should have
really interesting origins and probably carry a lot of baggage!

NEW TRAITS

Congress is congressing

Carnival of clowns

Enters the magician

With playful saws of sound...

Let's bring on the fire

— Sky Cries Mary, "Circus Church"

As we know, the catch-all term "Traits" covers a variety
of quirks, talents, physical attributes and other character
specifics. The Natures and Demeanors, Abilities, Attributes
and Backgrounds open to sorcerer characters are discussed at
length in the general rulebooks. Anything that isn't readily
available is covered below.

Several Traits are not appropriate for magicians; unless
your character changes somehow, she won't be able to
purchase any of the following:

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

* Abilities: Cosmology (above the second level, unless
taught by a mage or Garou), Do (unless taught by an Akashic
mage), Kenning or Mythlore (unless befriended by a change-
ling; see "Merits," below)

© Backgrounds: Artifact, Avatar, Chantry, Chimera,
Companion, Den-Realm, Destiny, Dreamers, Eiodlon, Fa-
miliar (greater; see pages 62-63), Generation, Greymayre,
Haunt, Herd, Holdings, Jamak, Kinfolk, Legacy, Memoriam,
Node, Old Soul, Relic, Past Life, Pure Breed, Retinue, Title

Anything else is fair game unless it's specifically limited
toa certain type of character (an elder vampire or centuries-
old mage, for instance). Even then, a case could be made for
allowing the Trait if the sorcerer in question has achieved a
sort of immortality (see "Merits"). For clarity's sake, we'll use
"you" to refer to both your character and to you, the player.
Trying to keep the two straight — "To buy your sorcerer the
following Traits, you, the player, will have to blah blah blah..."
— is more trouble than it's worth.

General-access Traits can be found on the character
sheet at the back of the book. Several lines have been left
open for customization, anda number of new and appropriate
Traits have been offered below. Since this is a general-
purpose World of Darkness supplement, some of the following
Traits have been carried over from certain rulebooks. The
Arcane Background, for example, can be found in Mage:
The Ascension, but not in the other rulebooks.

NEW ARCHETYPES

Like the personality Traits described in the main
tulebooks, these characteristics help you geta handle on your
fictional counterpart and figure out what makes him tick.
The following Archetypes can apply to magicians, True
Mages, or any other character type you might desire.

CRACKERJACK

Damn, you're good! You're so good at whatever it is you
do that people can't help but be impressed. Flamboyant and
extroverted, you're the center of attention. It's important, of
course, that you live up to your reputation. So polish up those
skills and smile! In the chandelier of life, you're a halogen.
bulb. Make sure everyone can see your light!

— Regain Willpower whenever you make an especially
successful die roll (four successes or more against difficulty 7
or higher) or pull off some impressive stunt in spite of
devastating odds.

RENUNCIATE

For whatever reason, you left behind someone or some-
thing that was very important to you. Was it a family? An
arcane order? A religious fellowship? A lifestyle you could no

longer stomach? Whatever it may have been, you no longer
want any part of it — even when it comes back to haunt you
(which it often does).

You've got reasons for leaving; you've also gotsome nagging
tie to that old life that just won't go away. Denounce anything
that reminds you of your past, but be ready for a backlash.
Whatever you might like to believe, that forsaken lifestyle still
shapes your values, reactions and desires. Before the chronicle
begins, hash out the details of your prior association, the reasons
you left and the nagging items that won't go away. Someone you
abandoned might be just around the corner...

— Regain a point of Willpower when you shake aside
something or someone who reminds you of your former life,
and do so without consequences.

SAGE

You're a very wise and learned person. Although the
name implies age and experience, it could be that you're just
extraordinarily precocious. Either way, you know a great deal
and give the impression of solid common sense. People come
to you for advice, and it often pleases you to give it.

Learning is a great tool — it's what separates us from the
lower animals. Hungry for knowledge, you pore through
books, scrolls and videos on an eternal quest for trivia. If you
choose this Archetype, be ready to spend plenty of points
on Knowledge Abilities; to you, life is a school and
class is always in session.

— Regain Willpower when you counsel a
needy person, help someone through your vast
reserves of knowledge, or uncover some obscure
bit of lore.

SENSUALIST

Sensation is a drug for you. Nothing in the world is better
than a life drunk like whiskey and savored like a lover's caress.
Yourevel ineverything youdoandeverything youfeel. Careering
from experience to experience, you take just enough time tosoak
in each tiny sensation before sweeping off to find another thrill.
The world is full of intoxicating pleasures and entrancing
impressions, but nothing lasts forever, so get ‘em while they're
hotand sort ‘em out later! Other people call you "irresponsible,"
"fickle," "childish" and "reckless," butat least you're not dead to
theworldlike they are! Life isaride; loveisagambleandcommon
sense is an excuse to stay at home. There'll be plenty of time to
sleep when you're dead.

— Regain a point of Willpower each time you discover,

experience and savor some new, exciting sensation and live
to tell about it. (Note: The more you do, the harder it
becomes to find something novel.)

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


56

SUPPLICANT

In the service of some other entity —a god, angel, spirit or
demon — you ply your trade. Perhaps you worship the being to
which you're pledged; more likely, you have either entered into
a bargain with it or plan to do so at some point in the future.
Whatever the circumstances, you're a loyal follower of your
Otherworldly patron. His will be done, as it were.

Your duty may be a secret one; perhaps you follow some
forbidden deity, or serve an angel from amidst a darker flock.
You and your Storyteller should define exactly which entity
you serve (or at least what you believe the patron to be), your
reasons for doing so, the cost of not doingso, and the eventual
reward you hope to get out of the bargain.

— Regain a Willpower point or two when you advance
the aims of your chosen benefactor without endangering
yourself in the process.

THEORIST

No one can explain everything, but you try, gods know.
Each enigma is a challenge for you, a chance to prove some
new or beloved theory. Perhaps you have some great insight
focused through dozens of interconnected ideas; maybe you
have a single grand theory that, if it could only be proven,
would rock the foundations of the world. Perhaps you've
already proven your theory, and the magic you possess springs
from the answer. Whatever concept you might embrace,
never miss a chance to either espouse your theory, or to
concoct a new one that fits in with your existing ideas.

Naturally, you should formulate your grand idea, estab-
lish its parameters and describe it to your Storyteller before
the tale begins. This Archetype assumes a character with
some wild, esoteric philosophy and the means to prove it, if
only in his own mind.

— Regain a point of Willpower whenever some obser-
vation you had based on your theory comes to pass. Note that
this should involve an exotic yet coherent set of ideas that
lead to a conclusion; a simple "See! My theory is that
vampires feed on blood and he just proved it! Gimmie my
Willpower!" will not be sufficient.

NEW TALENTS

DREAMCRAFT

You are the master of your own dreams and visions. At
lower levels, you can exercise a bit of dream recall and
initiation; at greater levels, you can attempt to gain con-
scious awareness during a dream (Manipulation + Dreaming,
difficulty 6), consciously control your own actions within
the dream (difficulty 7), and even try to alter your sur-
roundings (difficulty 8).

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Example: Mayra Derin falls asleep and finds herself in a
blazing temple. A crowd of children weeps on the other side of a
fiery gulf. Most dreamers would be helplessly caught in a subcon-
scious tide —not Mayra. Willing herself into action, she raises her
hands and chants to Tlaloc, Aztec god of rain — who just happens
to have sanctified this temple. Achieving power over her dream-
place (possibly after a successful Manipulation + Dreamcraft
roll), Mayra dampens the flames enough for her to cross over and
save the children.

Used during trances or meditations, this Talent can be
a useful tool for puzzling through riddles, or understanding
visions. A successful Wits + Dreamcraft roll might help you
reduce the difficulty of Enigmas or Occult contests. Some
magical traditions teach Dreamcraft techniques, and con-
sider it an almost magical talent. Contemporary dream
researchers and psychotherapists call this ability "lucid dream-
ing," and study it as if they could really lean something by
quantifying dreams.

. Novice: You can remember a previous dream in
some degree of detail.

oe Practiced: You can "will" yourself into a specific
kind of dream (a nightmare, a reoccurring vision, a
memory-recall, etc.).

eee Competent: You have limited control over your
own dreams.

e@eee Expert: Dreams are familiar territory; you journey
there to gather hints from your inner self.

eeeee Master: Dreams sometimes seem more real than the

waking world.
Possessed by: Shamans, Dream Researchers, Idiot Sa-
vants, Artists, Latent Psychics
Specialties: Dream Control, Waking from Nightmares,
Vision Questing, Dream Combat

FORTUNE-TELLING

You've got a knack for divination and know the skills
associated with its various forms. This isn't so much a psychic
ability as it is a natural hunch that comes through in grand
style when focused through Tarot cards, thrown lots, astrol-
ogy charts or other divinatory tools.

While this Talent is not magical in and of itself, it may
confer a bit of extra potency to spells from the Divination Path.
For each two successes you win with a Perception + Fortune-
Telling roll, you may lower your casting difficulties by one.

. Novice: Divination is a pastime to you. One form
(Tarot, astrology, etc.) works adequately well, but
you're no Psychic Friend yet.

ee Practiced: You're pretty good with your chosen
style and can make a few accurate observations
about the average client.

Competent: You understand a few different forms
and can dredge up some surprising revelations.
Expert: You're familiar with all of the major forms
of divination and understand a few obscure styles,
too. With the right tools, you can make fairly clear
pronouncements and observations.
@eeee Master: Gypsies take lessons from you.
Possessed by: Psychics, Gypsies, Scam Artists, New
Agers
Specialties: Tarot, Prophecy, Crime-solving, Astrol-
ogy, Romance, Telephone Psychic, Shells, Joss Sticks,
Elemental Portents, Palmistry, Entrails

INTUITION

You've got an innate connection to people. Hunches
come easily to you, and they're usually pretty accurate. It's
not your place to explain how or why you know the things
you do — this Talent's a kind of "sixth sense" that grants
insights, gut feelings and a powerful empathy for other people
(and occasionally animals as well). You can tell when
someone's hurt, when they're lying, when they're hiding
something important. This isn't mind-reading by any stretch
— the information does not pop into your head — but it
keeps you attuned to your surroundings.

. Novice: You've got good instincts.
Practiced: Follow your nose — it's often right.
Competent: The game's afoot, and you know where.

eeee Expert: You know something's wrong, and can
often figure out where and why.

eeeee Master: It's frightening the things you know with-
out asking.

Possessed by: Gamblers, Cops, Fortune Tellers, Seduc-
ers, Healers, Reporters, Mothers

Specialties: Flashes of Inspiration, Gambling, Insight-
ful, Nose for Trouble, Animal Instinct

NEW SKILL

RESEARCH

You know where and how to dig up information. Librar-
ies, newspaper morgues, Internet databases — child's play.
It's remarkable what you can find when you know how. A
successful Intelligence + Research roll might not tell you
exactly what you need to know, but it will tell you where to
keep digging.

Novice: You know how to use the local library.
Practiced: With web access, you can tap extensive
reference services.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


al
60

eee Competent: You can access many private collec-
tions and privileged archives.
eeee Expert: Given time, you can locate whatever infor-

mation you need.

Master: Ifit's written, encoded or spoken, you know
where to look for it.

Possessed by: Writers, Reporters, Librarians, Scholars,
Sages

Specialties: Arcane Collections, On-line Data, Oral
Tradition, Folklore

NEW KNOWLEDGES

HEARTH WISDOM

Yours is the common wisdom, frequently overlooked in
today's high-tech world. Such knowledge involves tales and
lore filled with forgotten insights, simple cures and home-
spun good sense.

While thi
you the weakne: of various supernatural
successful Hearth Wisdom roll should offer helpful insights
into supernatural threats and give you some idea about how

rait is not magical in any way, it can teach

to deal with them. The effectiveness of the insights are up to
the Storyteller, but in general, the more successes, the better
the information.

Hearth Wisdom can also be used for simple medical rem-
edies. It isn't as potent as either the Herbalism or the Medicine
skills, but the cure should have some nominal effect.

This Knowledge does not confer a database of facts and
figures. It isa collection — often oral in nature, never written
down — of tales and maxims, anecdotes and advice that shed
light on a number of subjects. It can frustrate the hell out of
people who come to you searching for advice. Still, as you
know well, good things come to those who wait.

° Insightful: You've learned a few bits of lore here and
there

oe Clever: You recognize traces of the supernatural
where others don't.

eee Knowledgeable: People come to you for advice and
minor cures. Your body of knowledge now includes
a few gleanings from other cultures.

eeee Learned: You are a fountain of lore from your own

cuinireand Guiew at wells Youur oroeasiner.
maciral helng with a succesful Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 7) if you get close enough,
and you know its weaknesses.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

eeeee Wise: You are well-versed in folklore from across
the world, and have many insights on lore from your
‘own culture. People from across the world make
pilgrimages to meet with you for counsel.
Possessed by: Village Elders, Supernatural Hunters,
Medicine Men, Witches, Folklore Researchers, Arcanum
Investigators, Hermits, Herbalists
Specialties: Northern European, Native American,
Appalachian, Central African, Amazon Native, Caribbean,
Eastern European, Gypsy, South Asian, East Asian, Outback,
Pacific Island, Mediterranean

MYTHOLOGY

You know the tales of heroes and gods. Myths, like
legends and fairy tales, are stories that lie at the cornerstones
of any society. They carry great truths wrapped in metaphor,
and you know how to strip the wrappings away. In this sense,
"mythology" simply means that you understand common
lore and can unravel the symbolism behind it.

. Student: You've read a myth here and there.

oe College: You understand the meaning behind a few
common myths.
Masters: You're well-versed in the content and
symbolism of many mythologies.
Doctorate: You understand oft-unseen patterns.
Scholar: Joseph Campbell.

Possessed by: Shamans, Mystics, Storytellers, Game
Designers

Specialties: Creation Myths, Cosmologies,
Eschatologies, Soteriologies, Navajo, Celtic, Persian

LORE: MAGICAL SOCIETIES

You know the histories and traditions of magical societ-
ies across the world — from their origins and foundations to
their present-day status. This is obviously a difficult Lore to
master. Few sorcerers manage to gather much information
about societies other than their own. A good Lore roll might
reveal a few secrets about the Awakened Traditions, and
possibly the other factions as well. The Ascension War may
be hidden, but certain people know how to dig up dirt about
it, even if they don't understand all the details.

. Novice: You know a few names or ideas.

oe College: You've learned a few unusual details of
interest.
Masters: You're well-versed in the history of magi-
cal societies in general.
Doctorate: You know as much about these societies
as their own members do.
Scholar: You know all there is to know (or so you

think).

Possessed by: Scholars, Investigators, Sorcerers, Art-
ists, Poets

Variations: This must be chosen for each magical soci-
ety (e.g., the AOAR, the Balamob, etc.)

LORE: SUPERNATURAL CREATURES

There are many secrets to be found in the night. You may
have been lucky — or unlucky — enough to learn just how
extensive these societies of the night have become. The Kin-
dred, the Garou, the Changing Breeds, ghost factions, the faerie
courts, and, of course, the Awakened Ones at the fringes of
reality —all these conspirators lurk just out of mortal sight. This
Trait allows you to discover just enough about these creatures to
be dangerous — to them and to yourself!

Without this Trait, you don't know the ins and outs of
Camarilla politics, Wyrm warfare, the Shadow Court, or
anything else. These secrets must be pried from the darkness,
and the darkness isn't always willing to share...

° Novice: "I've heard that vampires have an orga-
nized society."
College: "Um, the vampires all belong to some clan
called ‘Camarilla."
Masters: "The Kindred divide themselves into war-
ring factions called Camarilla and Sabbat."
Doctorate: "Kindred clans go by many names. Shall
I explain them to you?"

eeeee Scholar: "Funny, you don't look like a Brujah...."

Possessed by: Nosy Magicians, Supernatural Conspira-
tors, Servitors, Arch-Enemies

Variations: Each being has a separate Lore; most have
several types (Camarilla, Sabbat, alternate bloodlines, etc.)

METAPHYSICS

The sciences that fall under this rubric represent fields
of learning related to the Western occult tradition, particu-
larly the so-called "secret traditions" of Hermetic and
Kabbalistic study.

These disciplines supposedly contain clues to the mys-
teries of the universe. Knowledge of one of the metaphysical
sciences includes a history of the field and a basic under-
standing of the symbolism, language, lore and mysteries
associated with it. Some sciences (like alchemy) may con-
centrate on producing specific, tangible results; this
Knowledge Trait reflects theoretical understanding, not the
additional skills you may need to put it to use (like Chemis-
try, Mathematics, Crafts, etc.). Still, it's a beginning, a
stepping stone to greater things.

A number of disciplines fall within this category. These
include:

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


¢ Alchemy: The method of transmuting metals, and a
metaphor for the transformation of the human soul. Al-
chemical magic is described with more detail in Chapter
Four; it's also described as a secondary Knowledge in the
players guides for Mage and Vampire.

© Astrology: The method of divining the influence of the
heavens on the Earth, particularly on human personalities.

© Gematria: The method of divining hidden meaning
from names and words, particularly by converting words into
their numerical equivalents. Often used in conjunction with
sacred texts, particularly the Bible, Kabbalah and Qur'an.

¢ Numerology: The science of determining the essence
of an object or name by reducing it to its numerical meaning.
In numerology, everything is a number, and this number is a
key to understanding Creation and the magician's role in it.

© Sacred Geometry: The method of divining secret knowl-
edge from the dimensions and shapes of man-made or natural
structures, including the human form. The builders of the
pyramids, the Aztec and Mayan temples, and the Gothic
cathedrals are said to have been masters of sacred geometry.

. Novice: You understand very basic concepts.
oe College: You've had some instruction in the field.
eee Masters: You've got a comprehensive grasp of the

discipline.
Doctorate: You know things that are not written.
Scholar: You are a master of things hidden and
arcane lore.

Possessed by: Hermeticists, Scholars, Kabbalists, Ritual
Magicians

Variations: This knowledge must be chosen separately
for each occult science: Alchemy, Astrology, Gematria,
Numerology, Sacred Geometry

BACKGROUNDS

Everybody has their resources. For magicians, who often
stash themselves away until after nightfall, a private place or
helping hand can mean the difference between security or a
police investigation. Sorcerers cherish their mundane re-
sources, too; a smart magician nourishes his contacts and
friendships while he stockpiles cash and paraphernalia for
the day when they might be needed.

Sorcerer characters begin with five free points for this Trait.
The common Backgrounds — Allies, Contacts, Influence and
Mentor—can be found in the main rulebooks, and function just
as they're described in those books. (Note: A sorcerer's Mentor
Background may help her save experience points when she
attempts to learn Knowledge Traits or magical Paths; see
"Library" for details.) Other sorcerous Backgrounds include:

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

ARCANE

Masters of the mystic arts can hide in plain sight. The
shadows seem to slide around them; crowds seem to swallow
them; their faces seem to blend into a haze of barely-recogniz-
able features. Strangely enough, they're hard to pin down in
other ways, too. Birth records get lost. Pictures blur. Papers get
mysteriously misfiled. As you can imagine, people like this are
hard to track down. Lucky you— you happen to be one of them.

Although this odd talent usually manifests in True
Mages, some weird mortals (especially sorcerers) exhibit it,
too. With this Advantage, you tend to "slide away" from view
and memory. While it won't make you invisible or help you
in combat situations, it will make you extremely hard to
trace. Somehow, things just happen to cover your tracks.

In game terms, the Arcane Background adds its rating to
your Stealth attempts and subtracts the same amount from
any Perception or Investigation Dice Pools that others use to
find you. If you wish, you may "dampen" the effect and
"appear" in plain sight.

° Wallflower
. A face quickly forgotten
A master of misdirection
A needle in a haystack
¢ Who?

FAMILIAR (LESSER)

You have a special helpmate, a minor spirit or odd
animal that walks beside you, advises you and sometimes
protects you. Like a master of magick, you sent out a mystic
call and this being answered. This familiar may not share the
powers of the greater mystick spirits, but it has talents — and
appetites — of its own.

In game terms, this Background grants you a special
"pet" —a talking black cat, a sinister raven, a prankish imp,
invisible servant, totem animal or some other weird yet
intelligent aide. Most familiars take the forms of animals (see
The Book of Mirrors or The Vampire Players Guide for
animal Traits), but the creature's appearance depends on
what you—or your Storyteller — want it to be. In most cases,
a magician performs a simple ritual and the familiar answers;
sometimes the spirit simply appears on its own and makes
itselfat home. This attitude suits a familiar —these creatures
are rarely subservient, often rude and always independent.
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's the master and who — if
anyone — is the servant.

Unlike a normal animal, a familiar can communicate
clearly, and possesses a range of Knowledges and Skills in
addition to its usual Talents. Once the spirit strikes up a
relationship, it employs its resources to your best advantage.
Naturally, the familiar wants something from you in return.
In most cases, the spirit's demands will be simple: respect,


shelter, food, attention and the occasional treat. The "treat"
part can get complicated — some familiars feel that dead
children, king's toenails or tomes of esoteric lore make

excellent treats, and a familiar can be very insistent when it
wants something.

Familiars require a bit of work on the Storyteller's part,
but add lots of atmosphere and complications toa story. Your
Storyteller should create the aide to her own specifications,
decide on its personality and play the spirit for all it's worth
when it appears. Ideally, you won't knowell the details; such
spirits are an enigmatic lot, easily underestimated by willful
magicians. Most familiars are fairly basic: animal forms with
human intelligence anda few helpful Abilities. Really strong
or esoteric helpmates get more complicated, but shift the
balance of power in the familiar's direction. After all, if your
servant is one of the Five Handmaidens of the Lord of
Thunders, she's not likely to take much rubbish from some
mortal sorcerer!

. Weak familiar —a talking cat, rabbit or raven with
one or two occult skills.
Minor spirit — a small animal with exceptional
savvy and occult knowledge.
Average familiar — a large, smart animal (wolf,
horse, bear), a supernatural creature (imp, unseen
spirit), or a small beast with amazing lore and skill.

Strong familiar —an animal (of any natural size) or
obvious spirit with one or two magical talents in
addition to its extensive knowledge and skill.
Powerful spirit — a creature with Otherworldly
contacts, exceptional knowledge and three or four
supernatural powers

LIBRARY

Research is an integral part of magical practices. You
must learn about the mundane world if you are to command
the Otherworld as well. No magician worth the name shuns
an opportunity to learn, and an extensive library reflects the
facts you keep within arm's reach. This private archive
includes several rare and possibly mystical works in addition
to a host of normal books. Naturally, this Background as-
sumes you have someplace to store a library; with modern
technology, however, this isn't as hard as it once was.

Such resources aren't always books. Scrolls, databases
and even friends who knowa lot of folklore can be considered
libraries if you
tion at will, and find what you're looking for.

an study continuously, access the informa-

A library comes in handy when you're spending experi-
ence points. By rolling your Library rating (difficulty 7) while
learning a new Knowledge ot Path, you can save one expe-
rience point for every success you win (minimum cost: one

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

experience point). You may roll only once for each learned
skill, and must spend at least a week in heavy research to do
so.

Magicians sharing a common sanctuary may pool their
archives together for mutual use. Thus, this Background can
be pooled so long as the means allow it and the characters
stay together.

° A collection of New-Age paperbacks.

oe A few notable works and lots of superficial stuff.

eee A handful of rare and ancient books, and vast
mundane resources.

eeee An impressive collection of occult and mortal lore.

eeeee A horde of lost secrets, a sea of common wisdom.

RELIC

Fittingly enough, you possess some artifact of supernatural
origin. Itmay bea minor relic (see The Inquisition, Halls of the
Arcanum), a fetish (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse) or even
a magickal Talisman (see Mage: The Ascension). In any case,
this rare, arcane plaything grants its holder certain powers.

Instory terms, you've got some item with obvious occult
overtones: a rune-inscribed dagger, a box of black candles, an
ancient brass chime, etc. When you perform some incanta-
tion or simple action, the relic sets a weird event in motion:
The dagger bursts into flame; the candles chase ghosts away;
the chime sends everyone in the room into a trance, etc. In
game terms, this item contains some magical power; the
higher the Background rating, the more potent the relic.
Sample relics can be found in the appendix and in the books
mentioned above.

(Note: For crossover purposes, a hedge wizard can em-
ploy fetishes or Talismans up to the third level in power. The
Storyteller may require a Wits + Enigmas roll (difficulty =
level + 5) if the sorcerer tries to activate a fetish, a Wits +
Occult roll if he wants to use a Talisman, and a Wits +
Technology roll if he tries to access a technomagickal De-
vice. Any Paradox that a magickal Talisman or Device incurs
goes against the Talisman; 10 points or more destroys the
object. A hedge wizard who wishes to buy a Talisman with his
Background points must spend two points per dot, as these
are especially powerful and mysterious objects.)

. A minor relic.

oe A useful relic.

eee An item of significant power.

A legendary object of great value.
eeeee An artifact of incredible power.

RESOURCES

The road to magical knowledge might not be paved with
money, but wealth definitely helps. From the poverty line to
vast riches, this Background reflects your financial well-

being and amount of material goods. The Resources in

question don't necessarily translate to cash in hand, but they

give you some idea of how much you can afford to spend. In
acrunch, you may liquidate this property for extra cash.

This Background assumes you have a monthly "allow-
ance." You should determine where your money comes from,
however; depending on the course of the chronicle, you
might find those Resources growing... or going.

. Small savings. An apartment and a small car, per-
haps. Liquidated, you'll get roughly $1,000.
Allowance: $500 per month.

Middle class. You've got a small place to call your
own. If sold, your property would net you about
$8,000. Allowance: $1,200 per month.

Large savings. You've got a house, one or two cars
and some property. If liquidated, you'd have about
$50,000 in cash. Allowance: $3,000 per month.
Well off. That big house in the woods belongs to
you, and that collection of occult artifacts is worth
a good deal. if sold, they would yield about
$5,000,000. Allowance: $9.000 per month.

Rich. You've got your own mansion, a private
tower, a fleet of cars, and a trove of occult knick-
knacks and lore. If (gods forbid!) you should suffer
misfortune, you could still net at least $5,000,000 in
cash. Allowance: $30,000 per month.

SANCTUARY

Every magician needs a place in which to work. This
Background grants you a secret workshop of some size,
stocked with the necessary tools and materials — herbs,
wards, ritual instruments, cauldrons, fireplaces, braziers, ref-
erence books, whatever your practice might require.

Although hidden from mortal view, this Sanctuary existsin
the material world. Often (but not always) attached to your
dwelling, this literally sacred place might be an alchemical
laboratory, a secluded grove, a garden, a dungeon, a tower or
eyen a simple basement with hidden cupboards. Within your
Sanctuary, you effectively have an Arcane rating (see the
Background of the same name); this won't help if your experi-
mentblowsthe laboratory to pieces, but it will keep the neighbors
from wondering about the roaring sound when you summon
that minor demon. Assume that any workings that don't in-
volve major destruction are "quieted" by the wards around your
Sanctuary. Those wards keep trespassers at bay, too; unwelcome
visitors (including Otherworldly ones) must make Willpower
rolls (difficulty = Sanctuary rating + 3) to approach the area.
Still, the place remains subject to the normal laws of physics;
fires, explosions, floods, lightning strikes and large-scale com-
bats will wreck a Sanctuary, devastating the stock and dispelling
any wards or securities you've placed around the area.

. Asmall area, roughly basement-sized, stocked with
a few essential items. Arcane rating: 1

oe A decent space, the size of a large backyard; it
contains a number of useful tools and ingredients
kept in easy reach. Arcane rating: 1
A spacious area, the size of a small house; it's
stocked with food, a good selection of tools and
materials and a small reference library. Arcane
rating: 2
You're the envy of your associates; a mansion-sized
space contains enough esoteric materials, occult
works and ritual spaces to host a small, active
coven. Arcane rating: 2
A tower, small castle or large manor house holds
your trove — anything short of the virtually impos-
sible is within reach. You'll still have to leave the
nest to acquire really esoteric materials (dragon's
blood, unique grimiores, etc.), but almost anything
else is right where you need it. Arcane rating: 3

STATUS

You've got respect in occult circles. For whatever reason
— birthright, social standing, affiliations, personal achieve-
ments, etc. — your magical associates know your name and
give it weight. You aren't necessarily liked — occultists are
remarkably elitist — but people do defer to you. At the
higher levels, the spirits know you, too. This can be an
amazingly double-edged sword, as mystical gunslingers call
you out on a regular basis, and strangers slander you without
ever having seen your face.

This Background is the spotlight of the magical commu-
nity; it doesn't necessarily mean you're powerful (look at
number five), simply that you're notorious. A successful
sorcerer can live in complete anonymity; most of them do. In
your case, however, fate has gifted you with some kind of
attention.

The sorcerer's apprentice
David Copperfield
Isaac Bonewits
Timothy Hunter
© John Constantine

MERITS AND FLAWS

Merits and Flaws are Traits that help define your char-
acter further. While Merits (obviously) make a sorcerer's life
easier, Flaws keep life... interesting. Most of the following
Merits and Flaws vary in intensity. Some provide minor
distractions while others reflect a significant aspect of the
magician's existence.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—A—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Merits can only be purchased with freebie points during
character creation. Likewise, Flaws — also chosen at cre-
ation — add freebie points to a beginning character. A
beginning character may take only seven points worth of
Flav
been around for a while) may take more at the Storyteller's

; an "experienced" character (one who has supposedly

option, but we don't recommend it. Loopholes like this
might be too wide for some Storytellers' comfort. Each Merit
or Flaw should have some story attached to it; such signifi-
cant things do‘not happen "just because."

The various players guides describe a variety of Merits and
Flaws, and present the rules about them ina bit more detail. Many
of the more "mundane" Traits (Ties, Psychological, Awareness,
etc.) are perfectly appropriate for budding magicians. The Super-
natural Merits and Flaws often apply to specific entities, and
After all, how

useful isa ghost's Merit toa livingman? Some of the weirder Traits

probably aren't worth much to a mortal characte!

below work the same way; a werewolf or Awakened mage might
berelated by blood tothe changelings, buthe could not learn their
cantrips in addition to his "normal" talents. A sorcerer can do so
if her Storyteller allows such "stacking."

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

LIGHT SLEEPER: (1 PT. MERIT)

You function quite well on four houts of sleep a night,
More rest is always welcome, but if some circumstances (like
research or tight deadlines) keep you awake, you'll suffer less
severely than other mortals might. If something happens
during your slumber, you're more likely to awaken quickly
than another person in your position.

LOYALTY: (1 PT. MERIT)

You're sworn, loyal and devoted to some person, group or
cause. This bond allows you to resist any form of temptation or
coercion that could lead you to betray your trust or oath.
Especially nasty forms of "persuasion" (torture, Mind magic,
vampiric Dominance, etc.) are harder to shake, but you do get
abonus to your Willpower (either two additional dice to roll, or
two added to the inquisitor's difficulty, whichever is appropri
ate) if the offending party tries to make you break your promise.

SOOTHING VOICE: (1 PT. MERIT)

Your voice is calm and soothing, almost entrancing.
Add two dice to any roll that directly involves using your
voice — to sing, to preach, to hypnotize, etc. — or reduce
Social roll difficulties by two.


BURNING AURA: (2 PT. MERIT)

Your aura, no matter what its color, is unusually brilliant.
To those who can see this "inner light," you stand out like a
beacon burning with a mystical fire. Even people who can't see
auras feel drawn to your side. Some supernatural entities find
people like you intriguing; others consider you a threat. Like-
wise, sensitive mortals might consider youappealing orrepulsive,
depending on your personality and their inclinations.

HIDEAWAI: (2 PT. MERIT)

You have a special hiding place that no one knows about
—ahouse, a cottage, a nicely furbished cave, etc. You never
registered this place in your name, so anyone trying to trace
you there is going to have a very hard time. This hideaway is
modestly furnished and stocked with enough goods fora two-
week stay. Such places are good for practicing secret magics
— or for hiding from enemies.

If someone goes on an active search to find your hide-
away, your Storyteller may roll two dice against difficulty 6.
Success (at least one six) means that no one has found the
place. Failure indicates that you didn't cover your tracks very
well; now they know where you live (more or less). Four
cumulative failures leads them right to you; a botch immedi-
ately renders your secret worthless.

CLEAR SIGHTED: (3 PT. MERIT)

Illusions do not fool you. This vision may bea supernatu-
ral gift, an inborn insight or a practiced skill. In any case,
vampiric Obfuscation, Chimerstry and other Disciplines or
Gifts that deceive most observers don't work as well as they
should against you. Confronted with such deception, you get
a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty = opposing power's
level +3) to see right through it.

FAERIE COMPANION: (3 PT. MERIT)

You have a faerie companion, a friend and associate who's
one of the Kindly Ones — the changelings. Perhaps your
creativity feeds his craving fordreams, or perhapshe'staught you
of things beyond mortal view. Maybe you're just in love. In any
case, this fae companion tends to stay out of human sight, but
commands various magical talents of his own (see Changeling:
The Dreaming). Naturally, he'll probably want something in
return for his generous, if quixotic, aid.

A changeling makes a boon companion; moreover, his
téachingsallow youto lean Abilitieslike KenningandMythlore,
knowledge outside the mortal spectrum. Inareal emergency, your
friend might even hide youaway in his Freehold fora time! Beware
of this offer, however. One never knows the truth behind such
refuge, and the price for the trip could be steep indeed!

LUCKY: (5 PT. MERIT)

The luck of the Saints (or the Devil) follows you. Three
times per story (not per session), you may use this good fortune
tore-roll any failed or botched attempt. Only one try is allowed
per failure. Even the Devil's own run out of luck eventually.

MGHTSIGHT: (3 PT. MERIT)

You can see in near-total darkness. This odd gift may
come from an arcane power, an affinity to darkness or some
faint relation to the catfolk. So long as some light source
exists, your vision remains acute. Really bad conditions
(smoke, fog, total darkness) might demand a Perception +
Alertness roll, but under most circumstances, you can see as
well by night as you can by cloudy daylight. Bright lights,
especially sudden ones, dazzle you for a turn or so, perhaps
longer if the light is really blinding; otherwise, your sight is
fairly normal, not enhanced.

"SPECIAL FRIEND": (3 PT. MERIT)

You've got a friend — a supernatural friend. Perhaps
she's a werecat, an enigmatic keeper of secrets and sensa-
tions; maybe she's a True Mage with powers you can only
dream of having. It could be that she's a vampire, watching
over you in the night. She might even be a ghost, a Restless
soul you've done a favor. Whatever she may be, she isn't
"normal" company and her tastes run to dark pursuits.

Chances are, your friend isn't telling you much about her
kind; you might acquire a dot or two in the appropriate Lore
Knowledge from listening to her tales, but that's about it. Still,
you're there for each other; she'll watch your back if you watch
hers. Naturally, your Storyteller will want to fill in the details
regarding your friend and the relationship you share. In the
midnight world, these kind of friends are good to have — even
if they do tend to bring their problems with them....

UNBONDABLE: (3 PT. MERIT/ 6 PTS. FOR GHOULS)

Vampire blood cannot control your will. No matter how
much of it you consume, the dreaded Blood Bond won't take
you down. This Merit can be powerful —a little too powerful
for some chronicles — if combined with the Ghoul Merit;
hence, a character who wants to be a free-willed ghoul must
pay double the usual amount.

FAE BLOOD: (4 PT. MERIT)

Though not a changeling, you've got their heritage
running though your veins — literally. This doesn't neces-
sarily make you Irish, though a little touch of Eriu never
hurts! Faerie blood allows you to walk in the Dreaming as if
you were fae yourself; while this exposes you to chimerical
attack, it also opens you to a new and wondrous world.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


. In fae terms, you're kinain, a human with some innate
Glamour who can leam limited cantrips fueled by her own
power (see Changeling: The Dreamingand itssupplement The
Enchanted for details). This Glamour pool must be "refreshed"
by full-blooded changelings — doing so is beyond your mortal
means. Evenso, your Banality is quite low (typically two to five)
and your presence is often welcome in the courts of the fae.

Naturally, this sort of gift carries an obligation to play faerie

politics; nevertheless, it can be a wondrous game.

TRON WILL: (4 PT. MERIT)

Once your mind's made up, nothing short of a sledge-
hammer can change it. This Merit allows you to resist the
effects of vampiric Domination, Mind magick or other coer-
cive mental attacks. The Trait does nothing to deflect
mental trauma or deception, but makes it damned hard for
someone to mind-control you. Potent attempts from really
powerful foes might demand a sacrifice of a Willpower point
per turn; if a vampire or mage of your approximate "level"
tries to turn your head around, however, you can consider
yourself immune.

PRECOGNITION: (4 PT. MERIT)

You occasionally have glimpses of the future. Although
such visions are beyond your control, you may try to "sum-
mon" one by entering a trance and attuning yourself to fate.
When employed with the Divination Path (see Chapter
Four), this Merit lets you add two dice to your pool; other-
wise, the Storyteller will determine what (if anything) you
see and how accurately it reflects coming events. This Merit
should, of course, offer some insight, but as any seer knows,
prophecy is an odd and chancy business. Visions often strike
without warning and are not always pleasant to receive.

PROPHETIC ABILITY: (4 PT. MERIT)

The Higher Powers speak to you in signs and portents,
visions and images. Some may speak of the future, while others
offer clues to existing mysteries, or reveal hidden facts. Prophe-
cies come when they will — you cannot control them, and may
not even want them when they do occur (the classic prophets
were not exactly thrilled with their "gifts"). Some messages will
be crystal clear while others seem just flat-out obscure. Symbol-
ism, foreshadowing, flashbacks —all the tools mentioned in the
tulebooks' Storytelling chapters come into play when your
Storyteller decides to let prophecy strike. The truth, content
and effect of the prophecies remain the Storyteller's prerogative,
but should have some significant role in coming events. This
Merit is not a quick-fix or an "oracle machine"; it exists to
provide dramatic moments and enigmatic clues, not to dole out
obvious answers.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

SHAPECHANGER KIN: (4 PT. MERIT)

By some quirk of fate, you're closely related to one of
Gaia's Chosen, a werewolf, -cat, -raven, -bear or perhaps
even one of the more mysterious breeds. The Changing
Blood has not stirred in you, but it has left its mark. You're
immune to the Delirium (the madness that claims those who
see a werebeast's half-human form), and have friends (or at
least respectful relatives) among whichever Breed you're
related to. This doesn't mean that you know their secrets, or
that you can wander around their sacred caern without
retribution, but you have a certain edge when dealing with
the Chosen that no normal mortal can match. With your
Storyteller's permission, you might be allowed to learn a few
spirit Gifts, up to a certain level. (See "Sorcerers and Their
Fellow Beings" and Kinfolk: Unsung Heroes for details.)

Aside from the benefits described above, this Merit has
no special system significance. You've got a good chance to
know some Garou Lore, though, and may share some com-
moncontactsand allies. You will probably claim some degree
of affection from your relative's tribe and some animosity
from their enemies. Kinfolk from the other Changing Breeds
have an especially hard time with this Merit. Highly prized
as breeding stock, mortal relatives of the Corax, Bastet and
Gurahl are so rare that their benevolent cousins often go
overboard when protecting them — to the extent of forbid-
ding them at claw's length from doing something dangerous!

"IMMORTAL": (5/7 PT. MERIT)

You have witnessed the passing of ages and survived to
tell of it. Through some form of magic, you've got the
potential to live hundreds of years. Perhaps, if your Story-
teller is kind (anda little crazy herself), you may have already
lived for centuries, and boast a truckload of freebie points —
nota part of this Merit — to reflect your age. As an immortal
sorcerer, you get the following benefits: an increased life
span, a slight immunity to most fatal diseases (but not
necessarily to the pain associated with those diseases), and
the potential to live indefinitely.

This Merit's stronger version protects you from almost any
form of death — save one — that does not destroy your body
entirely. If your corpse can rise again, it will; the fatal damage or
disease will slowly repair itselfat the normal rate of healing. Ifsome
disaster annihilates your body, the magic is dissolved (along with
your flesh). Otherwise, you can continue on for centuries.

One given thing can end this immortal dance. The final
doom must be selected ahead of time, must be fairly common,
and should play some role in the chronicle. Typical dooms
include: getting your head chopped off, being stung to death
by insects, being frozen to death, being killed by a woman,
etc. Naturally, you'll probably do anything you can to avoid
this fate; just as naturally, your Storyteller will go out of her


way to make sure you can't. This potential immortality
should not unbalance the game; if your Storyteller considers
the idea inappropriate, she may feel free to disallow it.

GHOUL: (5 PT. MERIT)

At some point in time, a vampire fed you some of her
potent vitae, possibly Bonding you into service. Somehow,
you broke free, but the blood's force has granted you some of
your mistress' power. In addition to a vague knowledge of
vampiric society (one dot of Vampire Lore), you age slowly,
have an extra automatic success on any Strength roll you
make, and inflict an additional die of damage with all hand-
to-hand attacks. (If your game integrates the Vampire: The
Masquerade rules, you have a Blood Pool, a dot in Potence
and the potential to buy and use some Disciplines).

This does not come without cost, however. You must
continue to feed on vampire blood occasionally. Otherwise
you regain your mortality and crave forever the sweet rush of
your former mistress' essence. Should you revert (after going
a month or more without the sacred vitae), you lose your
supernatural might (and Disciplines) forever.

PATH NATURAL: (5 PT. MERIT)

You're a prodigy, a natural at some mystical Path. For
whatever reason (inborn talent, powerful heritage, past life,
supernatural bargain, etc.), you've got an affinity to one
certain kind of magic. You picked it up quickly (with little or
no study) and now progress through it at an unusual rate.

During character creation, select one magical Path:
From this point on, you only pay three-quarters of the normal
cost (rounded down) when buying advanced levels or Rituals
for that Path only. A natural shapeshifter, for example, would
pay only 10 points to raise her Shapeshifting Path from two
to three. The "favored" Path must be declared during char-
acter creation, and this Merit can be purchased only once.

SPIRIT GUIDE: (5 PT. MERIT)

You are aided in your magical journey by a spirit guide, a
friendly entity that offers you advice, messages and sometimes
aid. The guide's nature depends on your magical society: A
Uzoma sorcerer would recognize one of the orishas, while a
Hermetic wizard would claim assistance from an angelic entity.


-
Spirit guides can help in a variety of ways:
* Problem Solving: Dialogue with your guide could lead
you to insight on various problems. (This gives the Story-
teller a voice within the chronicle.)

© Help: A friendly spirit may grant its patron a point of
Willpower, take some sudden action or restore a Health Level or
two toasorcerer in need. This aid is rare (once perstory, ifatall),
and may require some thanksgiving offering when the crisis ends.

© Messages: Your guide can deliver a brief message to
someone far away. This message must be short and simple, as
it comes more ina hunch than ina definite thought: "I think
Timmy is in trouble. Let's go find him," not "Timmy's canine
spirit-guide just arrived and told me that Timmy's trapped in.
a well three miles from here."

A sorcerer with a spirit guide may use it as part of her
magical Rituals —as the "delivery boy" of a curse or blessing,
for example — but does not receive any particular bonus for
employing the entity in her workings. Some traditions (espe-
cially shamanic ones) stress initiation by spirits, not people.
By adding this Merit to the Mentor Background, you may
consider the spirit guide your mentor as well.

TOTEM: (5 PT. MERIT)

A great spirit smiles upon you. Perhaps you're familiar (or
related) to the Changing Breeds; perhaps you remember what
other mortals have forgotten, and the spirits respect you for it.
Perhaps you once performed a great act of service or devotion.
In any case, some totem spirit has granted you its favor.

This Merit allows a sorcerer to learn Changing Breed Gifts
from the appropriate totems (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Axis Mundi: The Book of Spirits or Werewolf: The Wild
West for details), and bestows any other favors the totem
normally gives. All Bans, Chiminage and other restrictions
apply; the totem may even expect greater services in return for
its recognition — very few mortals receive such honors, and you
may be asked to return the favor in kind. Your Storytellershould
choose an appropriate spirit and play it for all it's worth. A
totem's attention is a grand thing, and should not simply offer a
"get outta jail" card to a player with points to spend.

COMPULSIVE SPEECH: (1-2 PT. FLAW)

You talk toodamn much and too damned freely. No matter
how important the circumstances or how rarefied the company,
yourun offat the mouth. It could be that you're compelled to tell
the whole, ugly truth no matter what the fallout. Perhaps some
agency has cursed you to ruin whatever chances you might have
for success — or maybe you're just a prick.

Choose some reason for your obnoxious habits and decide
how badly you get on people's nerves. A one-point Flaw means
you speak out of term occasionally, and among equals or
inferiors. A two-point Flaw makes you rude toward everyone,

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

regardless of their relationship to you. Spending a point of
Willpower allows you to ignore the urge for one scene, but your
motormouth tendencies are always close to the surface...

ECHOES: (1-5 PT. FLAW)

Folklore harms you. From the earliest human societies,
people have feared your kind — and developed ways of
dealing with them! For some reason (probably related to the
power of belief), the traditional superstitions apply to you
wherever you go. Deep inside, you may believe that you are
some unclean thing; or perhaps that pact with outside powers
came with certain strings attached.

The cost of the Flaw determines the severity and fre-
quency of the "echoes." Low-cost Flaws cause minor
inconveniences, while more "worthwhile" ones leave you
open to a host of problems. A magician who acquires her
powers through some Infernal pact probably suffers from this
Flaw to some degree (see Chapter Four).

© 1 pt. — Very Minor: Slight manifestations of no real
consequence. Milk sours in your presence; bread will not rise;
a slight scent of sulfur follows in your wake.

© 2 pts. — Mild: The echoes become inconvenient.
Dogs growl and horses sweat when you're around; your gaze
causes flowers to sag; you must be invited into a house, and
cannot enter without some kind of welcome.

© 3 pts. — Noticeable: To a trained occultist, you're
pretty obvious. Religious symbols distract you; holy ground
repulses you; church bells break your concentration (perhaps
requiring a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to keep a spell from
falling apart); the wind blows cold as you pass.

¢ 4 pts. — Distracting: You begin to stand out, even
among normal folks. Your powers may be disturbed (see
above) by people who understand folk "counterspells" like
prayers and warding signs; you cannot pass a hex symbol, a
line of salt, ora holy threshold; your shadow moves of its own
accord; you do not cast reflections in silvered glass.

© 5 pts. — Severe: Reality shifts when you're around, even
when youdon't wantitto. You will notsink in water; psychically
sensitive people may go into fits or convulsions when nearby;
animals feel your presence if they can, and small ones may even
drop dead; a person who knows folk cures can harm you by
casting salt in your face, driving nails into your footprints,
burning a lock of your hair, etc. (Contested Willpower rolls,
difficulty 6; if you lose, you take one Health Level in unsoakable
damage for each success your opponent scores.)

RIVAL: (1-5 PT. FLAW)

You have a sorcerous rival who regularly tries to unseat
you. The reasons for this rivalry can vary: You replaced him
as your master's favorite student; you beat him to the discov-
ery of an occult grimoire; you come from societies at odds


with each other; maybe he just doesn't like you. The strength
of the rival, the frequency of his appearance, and the ferocity
of his intentions determine the point value of this Flaw.

© 1 pt.—An equally matched rival who rarely shows up.

© 2 pts. — Rival is slightly more powerful than you.

© 3 pt. — Rival is considerably more powerful than you.

© +1 — Rival shows up frequently.

© +1 —Rival doesn't just want to unseat you. He wants
you dead.

SUPERNATURAL ENEMY: (1-5 PT. FLAW)

You pissed off someone powerful — a vampire,
werewolf, True Mage, demon, whatever. He won't
show up every story, but will make trouble for youand
yours on a fairly regular basis. This Flaw works like
the Rival Trait; the more powerful the enemy, or the
more frequent his appearance, the more your Flaw is
worth. Determine the name, nature and grudge your
enemy bears, but leave the details to your Storyteller
(who will undoubtedly make him an interesting addi-
tion to your chronicle setting). This enmity should
provide some important detail about your sorcerous —
or pre-sorcerous — past.

HERO WORSHIF: (1 PT. FLAW)

You regard another individual (probably your men-
tor) with almost reverent respect. He or she can do no
wrong as far as you're concerned. Disobeying your hero
requires an effort of will (perhaps a Willpower roll,
difficulty 5 or more). Perfection is, after all, hard to
question. In fact, it's so hard to question that you add +2
difficulty to any roll that might force you to admit that
your hero is possibly wrong.

ISOLATED UPBRINGING: (1 PT. FLAW)

You were born and raised entirely within a sorcerous
community, and don't really understand the outside world.
Whenever you deal with some community other than your
own (mystical or otherwise), add one to all of your Social
difficulties, or reduce your Social Dice Pool by one die.

OFFENSIVE T0 ANIMALS: (1 PT. FLAW)

For some reason, animals are uneasy in your
presence and cringe from your touch. Perhaps you
have been touched by something in the course of
your arcane practices; maybe you're cursed or re-
lated toa cursed family or bloodline. For whatever
reason, animals are jittery around you. Add +2

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

AAZAAAN|

MAAS TA

a aVaVaVay > 22> >>>2>> > AV ATaVAY aVaV AV VAC CCK

Ya aT AN AY AV AVA AV ANCL ALG AMA


difficulty or subtract two dice from your Dice Pools whenever
you're dealing with a beast; in story terms, it doesn't like you,
and you don't like it, either.

OTHERWORLDLY TAINT: (2 PT. FLAW)

Something about you just isn't right. Perhaps you have
white hair at a young age, or you're unusually tall, or you've
got eyes that shine slightly silver in the moonlight. Regard-
less, you've got some feature or mystique that other people
consider disturbing, even if they don't know why.

To most observers, you're simply uncanny; a person
skilled in occult or mystical matters can recognize you for
what you are with a successful Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 7). Some people might find your disquieting
presence compelling. Most, however, will give you a lot of
breathing room — or a lot of trouble.

AGING: (3 PT. FLAW)

You're not as spry as you used to be; any one Physical
Attribute score (your choice) must be lowered by one point.
This Flaw may be taken once per decade past the 40 year
mark

GESA:(5/5/7 PT. FLAW)

Gesa is technically a phrase from the Celtic tradition, but
the concept of the magical commandment is fairly universal. In
short, a gesa is a taboo or mandate that cannot be disobeyed
without some serious consequences. Often bestowed during
magical initiation, a gesa lasts a lifetime. Its terms — often
delivered by a prophet, priest, midwife or supernatural agent —
are clear from the beginning. Disobeying a gesa is a deliberate
act, not an ignorant mistake, and doing so is punished accord-
ingly. In short, you're mystically forbidden to do something;
doing it anyway puts you in danger.

Some gesas are simply commandments that the recipient is
compelled to follow whether she wants to or not. She must
alwaysacceptadrink, for example, or mustalways give away gifts
that she receives. Other gesas are taboos — the recipient may
not eat a certain type of meat, usually from some significant
animal, or cannot go without shoes, even in bed

Violating a gesa ends in catastrophe. The doom might fall
on you immediately, or could occur over time. It might punish
you personally, or wound a loved one. It would cause all of your
magic workings to fail. Some punishments fall in a single blow,

while others become prolonged curses. If you break your gesa,

don't expecta lightning bolt to come from heaven that minute.
However, the death of a child, a terrible car accident, even the
loss of your magical ability could be right around the corner.
This Flaw may be purchased more than once, but doing so
isn't really a good idea. Taking on a single gesa is asking for
trouble; takingseveral prohibitions is flirting with certain doom.


© 3 pts. — A commandment or taboo unlikely to be
broken: "May never run naked through the rain under a full
moon."

© 5 pts. — A commandment or taboo likely be broken:
"May never run naked through the rain."

© 7 pts. — A commandment or taboo that could easily
be broken: "May never run through the rain under a full
moon."

(Note: An inventive Storyteller can always find ways to
push a character with a gesa into compromising circum-
stances; she should not, however, simply engineer a situation
in which a violation is inevitable. Defying a commandment
should always be the player's choice, and should come as a
result of some dramatic situation. The magician cited above
might have to run naked through the rain to save his lover
from a burning building. Is the cost worth the sacrifice? That
should be for the magician — and the player — to decide.)

BOUND: (5 PT. FLAW)

You owe someone. Owe him big, and he's a tough
collector. We're not talking about Jolly Joey Marconi, we're
talking really big time: a demon, a spirit, a vengeful ghost, an
angel. In exchange for some bargain, a powerful entity
offered you something important. Now you owe him — or
her, or it —a very big favor. And he's gonna hold you to that
bargain.

A Bound character should feel the weight of her obliga-
tion at all times. Your Storyteller should discuss the terms of
the "bargain" with you, and work outa plausible story behind
it. Things to consider: With whom did you bargain? What
did you get, and for how long? What did you offer in return,
and how long before the "lender" comes to collect? No
matter what the answers might be, this is a serious Flaw. At
some near-future time, something will be knocking on your
door. And it may want payment in full — with interest.

PATH INEPT: (5 PT. FLAW)

For some reason, you suck at a certain kind of magic. You
could be paying off some karmic debt, or struggling with some
metaphysical concept. It could be one of the terms of an
unearthly bargain — trade for trade, if you know what I
mean.

This Flaw acts like Path Natural in reverse. Advancement
inone particular Path (chosenat the beginning of the chronicle)
costs one quarter more experience points than normal, rounded
up. The aforementioned shapeshifter might be especially bad at
Ephemera; rising from Level Two to Level Three costs her 18
points instead of 14. To take this Flaw, choose one Path that your
characterplans to study. (Don'tlie to the Storytellerabout this just
to get some extra points; she has ways of getting back at you.)
This Flaw can only be selected once, and must be chosen during
character creation.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


CHARACTER CREATION OUTLINE

Step One: Who are You?

* Choose Concept, Society (if any), Nature and Demeanor

© Determine motivation: What drew you to study magic?
What are you looking for once you've discovered magic, and
what do you want fro;

Step Two: Attri

© Prioritize your

Step Four: Select A

© Choose Magical

© Choose Ritua

Step Five: Finishing Touches

© Record Base Willpower (5)

© Spend your 21 Freebie Points: improve Traits, buy
Merits & Flaws, purchase additional magical Paths

© Determine Personality details: appearance, home, moti-
vations, etc.

CHARACTER CREATION & DEVELOP MENT

CREATION: FREEBIE POINTS

Trait
Attributes
Abilities
Backgrounds
Willpower
Backgrounds
Paths
Rituals

DEVELOPMENT: EXPERIE
Trait
New Ability
Willpower
Knowledges

7 for first dot
New Rituals b)

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

TRAITS

ARCHETYPES

Crackerjack: You da man!

Renunciate: You left an oldjif@behind, but it hasn't left
you.

Sage: Life is aclassro

Sensualist: Experie)
life.

Supplicant:

psychic, eccentric millionaire

Devotee: Cultist, fanatic, ascetic, monk, clergyman,
nun, priest(ess)

Hermit: Recluse, sage, antiquarian, shut-in, holy per-
son

Mystic: Babbling madman, mystery seeker, neo-pagan,
wise man, martial artist, ancestral witch, parapsy-
chologist

Outsider: Criminal, hooker, untouchable, drifter, street
person, exile, idiot savant

Philosopher: Metaphysician, ancient scholar, street
poet, dreamer

RebelSub: Punker, goth, "baby witch," hip-hopper,
raver, medievalist, metal-head, rasta, gypsy, hippie,
urban cowboy

Scholar: Teacher, lorekeeper, intense student, forsaken
professor, shunned pupil of unhallowed arts

+ Renunciate, spiritualist, shaman,searcher,

arcane tomes.
© Mentor: Spirit
Resources: Finan

© Status: Standing in ult community.


MERITS MAGICAL PATHS
Light Sleeper (1)
Loyalty (1) P
Soothing Voice
Burning Aura (
Hideaway (2)
Clear Sighted (3)
Faerie Companion (
Lucky (3)
Nightsight (3)
"Special Friend
Unbondable (

Fae Blood (4) potions and salves.

Iron Will (4) na © Shadows: Black, magie tha shadows to your
Precognition (4) i

Prophetic Ability (4) | * Shapeshifting: Chang u , or transforming
Shapechanger Kin (4 others. 2 ek

"Immortal" (5/7) 7 © Summoning, Bind a

Ghoul (5) i you, from the material
Path Natural (5) i ral creatures, €.g.,
Spirit Guide (5)

Totem (5)

* Enchantment: ©
© Ephemera: Con
Fascination:
Healing: Rest

FLAWS angels and other associa

Weathercraft: Altering the local weather.
Compulsive Speech (1-2)

Echoes (1-5)

Rival (1-5)

Supernatural Enemy (1-5)
Hero Worship (1)
Isolated Upbringing (1)
Offensive to Animals (1)
Otherworldly Taint (2)
Aging (3)

Gesa (3/5/7)

Bound (5)

Path Inept (5)

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION


WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

CHAPTER FOUR:
THE PATHS

The forces of wyrd are like the winds and tides for a
fisherman. If they are known, the sailor can trim his sails to adapt
to them. He can be in harmony with the forces and use power. But

he cannot thereby change them

— Brian Bates, The Way of Wyrd

It begins with a candle

A quick flare. A touch. A flame. A glow

Twelve more just like it, all guttering on shiny black wax.

Hands are raised. An invocation. A magician calls out to the
dark.

"Hail to thee, O' Running Twilight

"Hail to thee, and to thy brood.

"Hail to the Sun now fallen, to the Moon ascendant

"To the lion's whisper and the doormouse cry.

"Hail Cernunnos; Hail Manannan; Hail Brigit; Hail
Arianhod!

"Fire Have you!

"Fire Take you!

"Fire Free you!"

Suitably freed, one candle falls, spattering the carpet with
black wax

"Shit!!!"

The magician falls, grabs the candle, snuffs it'and thrusts his
fingers into the spill. Gooey beneath his fingers, the black stuff
clings to fiber

Aclick. A creak. Sudden light from above.

"Charles, have you done the laundry like I asked?"

"Geeze, mom!" cries the magician. "I'm busy!!"

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


THORNS, BLADES AND WISDOM

The heart of the magician is, of course, magic. While
arrogant mages lay claim to the only "True Magick," the
sorcerer commands his own limited yet effective form of the
art. Flowing down Paths carved by millennia of experimen-
tation, wisdom and use, this static magic follows what is
known and proven, rather than what is ultimately possible.
While such Paths are somewhat overgrown these days, the
magician sets forth with compass and machete in hand. His
compass is knowledge; his blade, the tools of his profession.

It's not an easy journey. Thorns of disbelief, arrogance,
half-truths and total lies rip at the sorcerer's hands. Striped
and bleeding, he pushes on, determined. The mundane life
is a waste of time. To the magician, the hidden city —
mastery — is worth any cost.

TOOLS OF THETRADE

The Masters of the World have always been able to produce
their miracles by the power of Will, operating in harmony with the
forces of Nature, without any other adjuncts, whereas lesser
magicians have been compelled to use symbols and material things
to obtain their results.

— Rollo Ahmed, The Black Art

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Each sorcerer understands magica bit differently. To the
Christian Hermetic, it flows from secrets imparted by God. A
Wiccan priestess calls upon the elements and her will. An
ancient Uzoma might tap into the endless well of spiritual
guidance, but even the modern Thal'hun devotee feels a
deep sense of the Otherworld when she sings. Regardless of
the wellspring, magical lore always seems to come from the
past — from some secret our wise ancestors knew.

The magician distrusts the present. Modern science
seems too dispassionate, too removed, too impersonal to
make a good mystic tool. Modern people wander around in
a haze, faithless, trustless, consuming and destroying just to
prove that they're alive. If magical societies seem sacred, it's
because they are. There's not much room forsecular cynicism
in the magician's realm — each act of magic is a leap of faith.
Most wizards look to some outside force to utilize their
powers; such wellsprings might be gods, spirits, demons or
elements, but they are never mundane. The mystic arts reject
mundanity. To reach beyond your fingers, you must look
beyond your eyes.

MAGIC STYLES

Magic, even hedge magic, is an art, nota series of combat
maneuvers. To the magician, the beliefs that guide magic are
more vital than the effects of the magic itself. The form these


beliefs take shapes the caster's style and the rites that open
the channels in the self, allowing the sorcerer to defy mun-
dane reality.

The bottom line with any form of magic in the World of
Darkness is that intent shapes reality. Mages and magicians
throughout the ages have disputed whose intent shapes how
much of which reality, but they generally agree that intent is
the prime magical component. Thus, the magical practices of
Chinese geomancers, Wiccan herbalists and Hindu fakirs are
equally valid if the people themselves truly know what
they're doing. Although many True Mages realize that foci
are merely a means to an end, most un-Awakened practitio-
ners swear by the art they study. Thus, the ceremonies they
perform are always guided by the style of magic they pursue.

Styles are not just special effects. Although they do not
have much of an impact on game systems, the style your
character practices colors her whole life. Through those
rites, she learns to reach beyond, to look beyond, to accom-
plish things science deems impossible. In short, a magician's
practice is the key roleplaying. Player or Storyteller, you
should define your sorcerer's magic style and keep it in mind
whenever magic comes into play.

RITUAL TOOLS

Rituals demand tools, instruments of the craft. Through
them, a magician focuses her intentions, unlocks the mystic

gates and directs her will. Many practitioners of the arts
swear that the tools hold power themselves. The truth
behind the claim isn't nearly as important as the role these
instruments play in the magician's life story — or in your
chronicle.

Some instruments are harder to come by than others;
some get damned expensive, while others are easy to find if
you know where to look. The real significance of a magical
tool isn't so much in the material as in the effort taken to
obtain it. Magic isn't supposed to be easy, it's supposed to be
special, Otherwordly, sacred. Most ritual implements stress
that alien mystique in their form or usage. Herbs must be
harvested under a full moon. Blades must be forged in special
fires and quenched in blood. Salves must be prepared with
ingredients like corpse fat and crushed maggots. Wands must
be crafted from virgin ash or rowan, inscribed with obscure
symbols that relate to the magician's purpose. Few magicians
use their tools for mundane purposes, and fewer still allow
them to fall into a stranger's hands. A ritual tool is a key to
the unknowable and a link to the magician. It may be more
symbolic than enchanted, but as any magician can tell you,
the heart of magic is the symbol. A ritual tool is the symbol-
ism incarnate.

Most tools invoke sympathy — the connection between
two parties. If you've literally got a man's heart in your hand,
you've obviously got some powerful connection to him.

Many tools create a sympathetic bond by standing in for
something else. Really powerful — and dangerous — spells
employ tools fashioned from actual remains. These spells set
powerful energies in motion, but it's their tools — corpse
parts, personal effects — that are difficult to obtain and
dangerous to keep.

HOW DOI USETHEM?

In game terms, tools define the magician, adding a new
dimension to the story. A sorcerer's workings become much
cooler when she lays the circle, consecrates the elements and
calls the corners than if her player simply says, "I use Cursing 3
to make that asshole suffer." When you work your magic
through your character, describe what she does to set the wheels
in motion. That'll add a new flavor to your game.

Magic tools spark stories, too. Let's say your magician
employs a sword, one he inherited from his grandfather.
What if one day he drops the sword, bending its blade?
Where can he repair it, and who might he meet when he
does? What if another party wants the sword and is willing to
kill for it? What if that sword was quenched in the flesh of a
child, and the child's brother, now a congressman, learns
that you've got the blade that killed his sibling?

Even the search for ingredients can lead to stories. Most
tools are eventually used up, and must be replenished or
refreshed. Such items are never found easily. Imagine the
complications that could arise from a simple herb-gathering
mission. Most plants must be harvested nude, at night, often
during certain times of the year. What if your magician needs
belladonna but lives in Lynchburg, VA (not the most toler-
ant town for magical needs)? What if she needs it in December,
or runs into her neighbor while creeping around naked, or
happens to blunder into a Garou sept's caern? What if she
enters a vampire's hunting ground, or meets a cop who "don't
like them Satanists..."? The art of magic is full of potential
complications.

THE TOOLS

As integral parts of a magical style, most ritual instru-
ments simply allow the magician to do that which she could
not do on her own. At the Storyteller's option, a really good
focus — a powerful group rite, a specially prepared silver
sword, etc. — might reduce the caster's difficulty or increase
her Dice Pool by one or two. (We recommend the Dice Pool
option; a large spell, like a large Dice Pool, can make things
go really well or really badly, depending on the whims of
fate.)

Common implements of magic include:

© Alchemical Laboratory: A complex collection of
tubes, burners, vessels, charts, tables, ingredients and con-
tainers, the alchemist's laboratory is as much a reflection of
the alchemist as it is a workplace. Some alchemists keep

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


spotless shops, while others strew their tools haphazardly
around the room. Although alchemical lore insists on many
special tools, it's the shop itself that shapes mundane mate-
tials into magical elements. In the laboratory, those materials
are transformed, broken down and rearranged to the
magician's expectations. Thus, the shop becomes the instru-
ment. No alchemist can work his art without processing the
elements in his laboratory.

* Blood and Other Bodily Fluids: The blood is the life,
as they say, and the fluids of the body carry that life even after
they're removed. Fresh fluids — from tears to semen to piss
to puss — are best, but some spells call for "aged" humors,
fluids that have had time to ferment. Blood, the most
common sacred element, often flows from live sacrifices,
ritual mutilations, small incisions or deadly cuts. Blood seals
pacts, creating bonds that can only be broken by death.

* Bones, Skin and Other Remains: Like blood, bones
form the foundations of many living things. Carry the bone
and you carry the being. Bones get ground up into powder,
carved into other tools (see below) or snapped to pass a curse
onto a living person.

Skin protects its "wearer." By extension, it also protects
a magician who dons the skin after its "owner" is finished
with it. Skins are stretched over drums, fashioned into
garments, boiled in cauldrons, or simply eaten to carry their
protective powers onward.

The same is true of hearts, livers, eyeballs and other organs
that pass their purpose on to whomever consumes them. Hearts
are eaten for valor, livers for vitality, eyeballs for vision — the
list is as endless as it is obvious. Many primal practices employ
cannibalism, notasan insult, butasan honor to the person being
eaten; other more "civilized" practices — like the Catholic
Eucharists — still use animal remains or symbolic representa-
tions to embody the same qualities.

Remains don't have to come from live victims. Many
spells require fingernail clippings, hairs, tears, excrement.
Imagine trying to gather such items without being noticed.
Imagine transporting them back home. Imagine the excuses
you'll have to make if you get caught....

© Books: As bearers of writing (see page 84), books trap
thoughts, wisdom, observations and confessions, and set
them down for others to see. Most magical texts are written
in code or lost languages, either to protect them from the
authorities or to safeguard their wisdom. Magic is all about
understanding, and some truths are too sacred to be read by
common people. The sorcerer employs books for study.
spellcraft, mediation and reflection. In the Western tradi-
tions, it's a poor magician who cannot read or write.

* Cards, Dice, Straws and Lots: The term "sorcerer"
comes from "one who casts lots." The connections between
fate and its influence are pretty obvious. Hence, a number of
seemingly random tools — cards, dice, carved bones, sticks,
shells, etc. — form the backbone of divination, blessings and

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

curses. Typically, the magician sets out a selection of lots,
shuffles or mixes then draws a series of them to determine
what will happen. By fixing a certain lot with an intention—
concentrating on drawing a "bad card," for example — the
sorcerer can turn events in her favor if her magic succeeds.

* Celestial Alignments: While it's been said that "Our
fates are not in the stars but in ourselves," many magicians
would disagree. Many practices depend on astrological con-
junctions, celestial influence and precise "windows of
opportunity" opened by the planetary dance.

The intricate symbols and formulae connected to planetary
influence are way beyond the scope of this book. Most of the basic
connections are pretty obvious — Mars for hostile spells, Venus
foremotional bonds, Saturn for fate and time-based workings, the
Moon for mystery, etc. If you're interested in the deeper
significances, read a good book on astrology or symbolism.

* Circles and Other Shapes: A universal symbol of
infinity, unity and wholeness, the circle finds its way into
rituals of all types. Sorcerers from all over the world link
hands, carve circles, draw spheres and dance in the round.
Other tools, like rings, belts and diagrams, often take the
circle's shape in order to pass its qualities off to the magician.

Other shapes, like squares, triangles and pentagrams,
represent different qualities. The square represents stability;
the triangle directs intentions upward or downward; the
rectangle creates a base for Earthly matters; the cross reflects
an intersection. Magicians draw the shapes into symbols (see
page 82), trace them in the air, lay them out in powder or
liquid, or work them into talismans, charms and artwork.

* Cups, Chalices and Other Vessels: As the container
of an essence, the chalice represents the sacred magician, a
vessel of wisdom and change. Since cups usually hold water
or some other liquid, they represent the feminine principle,
symbolize mystery, and carry water (see "Elements"). A
magician might share a drink from the cup, hold it aloft, swirl
its contents or leave it dry to invoke barrenness.

Larger vessels — tubs, cauldrons, buckets, gourds — make
common magical tools, too. Some contain mixtures (the "witch's
brew"), while others remain dry or are filled with dirt, seeds or
stones to create noisemakers or small environments.

© Dance and Gesture: Dancing is fun, especially when
it's done with partners. Besides its obvious sexual overtones
(which make dance a forbidden art in some cultures), danc-
ing combines physical exercise, emotional passion andartistic
expression. The combination raises lots of power, stirs the
dancers and pleases the gods and spirits.

Most practices, especially the more primal ones, employ
dances of some kind. More "civilized" or refined styles turn
the wild dance into a ritualized set of movements (the right
arm is raised, then the left is lowered, then the right foot is
placed firmly in front of the magician) that become signifi-
cant mystic gestures and poses.


© Drugs and Poisons: To transcend mortal vision, many
sorcerers employ toxins. The shock to the magician's sy
brings on visions (hopefully). While most people tend to think of
Mexican mushroom-droppers or Chinese opium smokers when
"drugs" and "magic" are mentioned in the same breath, every
practice uses toxins in its own way. From the ceremonial wine of

tem.

the Catholic service to the moldy bread eaten by starving proph-
ets, from the Hindu soma drink to hallucinogenic body paint,
magicians have eaten, drunk, smoked orsmeared themselves with
awide variety of minor —and major! — poisons. Most sorcerers
concoct the potions from natural or artificial ingredients, but
some allow toxic animals like snakes, spiders and even bees to
sting them intoan ecstatic state. Please note that this sort of thing
is best left to storytelling description, not to live roleplaying!

© Elements: What could be more powerful than nature?
By working raw elements — earth, air, fire, water and
sometimes wood, metal, ash and ice — into a ritual, magi-
cians of all kinds evoke the spirits of the natural world and
bind the materials to their commands.

© Group Rites: "Raising power" is incredibly important
tomost magicians. By gathering a group (magicians and non-
magicians alike), focusing its attention toward a certain
thing and then riding the wave of energy, priests and anti-
priests alike enhance their workings.

Getting a bunch of people together is easy; getting them
to concentrate deeply on one thing requires a bit of show-
manship and dedication. Ideally, groups should be worked to
a frenzy by a single magician or his helpers, who often use
music, chanting, prayer, speeches or sex to bring out the best
(or worst) in the crowd. From there, the magician directs the
energy as the participants reach a climax and then drop from
exhaustion.

© Herbs and Roots: Like the elements, plants hold
living bits of Creation; like toxins, they often retain some
special properties of their own. Magicians of all kinds mix
potions, brews, salves, wines, powders and other ingredients
out of herbs, roots and other plants. By drinking, smoking,
eating, painting or dusting these concoctions, a sorcerer can
invest a bit of the plant's essence with the object of the spell.

* Household Tools: As extensions of the hands, tools
become obvious magical instruments. Brooms, ploughshears,
sickles, mirrors, scissors, knives, butterchurns, pots, cauldrons,
horseshoes, hammers, nails, pens, clocks and hourglasses have
long magical pedigrees. More modern tools — computers,

pagers, blenders, ovens, sound systems and cattle prods
— have found

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

their way into the mysticarts, too. In each case, asorcerer simply
uses her tools to create a magical bridge between the mundane
activity — like cleaning or reflecting — and her magical
intentions. Most magicians keep their ritual tools away from
mundane tasks, but so-called "kitchen witches" use the instru-
ments in everyday chores as well.

* Machine:
pretty damned effective. In the hands of a Daedalus or a Dr.
Frankenstein, technology can shape raw elemental power to
a"sorcerer's" ends. While most mystic artificers cringe at the
title "magician," that is, in essence, what they are.

ols built for specific magical uses can be

Advanced inventions with a mystical bent can include
cybernetics, robots, computers, odd weapons and unique
widgets in a thousand varieties. While un-Awakened techno-
magicians cannotreach the wild heights of the Technocracy's
bettermoments, the sophisticated machinery of the Thal'hun
demonstrates how thin the line between magic and high
technology can be.

e, the power to
attract, to bind, to command. Sexuality forms the most

© Sex: Sex is power, the power to cre:

intimate connections, breaks down barriers and inhibitions,
makes people lose their minds and opens their senses. Any-
thing that powerful deserves the name "the Great Rite," and
every magical practice employs (or denies) that unharnessed
power. Orgies, abstinence, intercourse, stimulation without
contact, even ritual mutilation of sexual organs — all focus
sexual energy to mystical ends.

© Symbols: All tools are symbols of greater things; some
tools, though, are symbols in the most literal sense. Complex
labyrinth patterns, crosses and crucifixes, swastikas, Her-
metic designs, written runes or phrases (see below), alchemical
sigils, hex signsand hexagrams, hieroglyphs, mandalas, yantras
and other complex designs embody some magical truth and
fix it to a place or object. The magician understands the
power of symbols, and employs them in his workings.

© Voice: The chant, the song, the prayer, the wail—
each type of magic employs a spoken invocation that carries
the magician's thoughts out into the open, declaring them to
Creation. All spiritual magicians pray aloud for guidance or
favor, while their secular cousins shape syllables into spells.
Few magics, even subtle ones, work without a spoken com-
ponent, and some employ the voice alone.

¢ Wands and Staves: By lengthening a sorcerer's reach
(and penis), a wand, staff or other masculine tool directs the
magician's will. Whether the tool is carved from ivory,
shaped from wood, or crafted from stone, glass or even bones,
it serves as a badge of office. Waved during a spell, a wand
gathers the mystic energy and sends it on its way.

© Weapons: Like a wand, a weapon extends the hand
past the reach of amortal arm, carrying for
target. Common mystical weapons (masculine symbols of
will) include blades, hammers, axes, spears, bullets, arrows,
clubs and crossbow bolts. Most gods favor a certain weapon

eto the magician's


Took off running but I'm takin' my time
A friend of the Devil is a friend of mine
— Grateful Dead, "Friend of the Devil"

Some people are never satisfied. Driven by power-madness, they make bargains they cannot keep, mortgaging
' their lives and afterlives to Otherworldly forces. The payment: a fast track to magic and a collection of powers that
_ only the hellbound can possess.

It's a time-honored tradition: A sorcerer, frustrated by the discipline of learning and too proud, rebellious or

cynical to care about the consequences, calls upon forbidden entities and promises them his loyalty. More often than
_ not, his entreaties are ignored. Sometimes, though, he gets an answer. The so-called "powers of light" rarely respond
to prayers directly; other, sinister entities, however, seem eager to aid true believers. In return for good service and
_ perhaps a bit of metaphysical life force, the tempters are glad to make a deal.
¢ All cultures have their version of soul-service: the anti-Christian warlocks and their Black Mass; the cannibal
" corpse-eaters of Thailand and the Sahara; the bokors who petition Baron Samedi, Chango and Damballah; the left-
hand tantrikas who embrace the Twenty Thousand Demon Hosts; the African Nhanga and the Kys'Tayaa people
- of the Pacific island chains.... The supplicants, rituals and patrons differ, but the bargain remains the same. First,
the petitioner asks for power and a visitation; assuming the wizard is lucky enough to get his audience, the new patron
demands some demonstration of the devotee's intentions. The test is dangerous, bloody and foul — murder is only
part of the equation. If the demon seems satisfied, it'll demand that the supplicant desecrate whatever he once found
holy, renounce his former gods and pledge himself to darkness. If he agrees, the infernal one bestows its gift — the
demonic pact.

Popular misconceptions aside, such bargains rarely begin with soul-selling. That comes later. In game terms, the

" bargain works like a Merit and Flaw in one: It costs freebie points to purchase, but confers benefits that would
normally cost more. The real price comes across in the story, not the systems. The initial pact grants the diabolist
three dots worth of some Path for "free," without study, experience or additional time. Suddenly, the secrets are
| revealed and the power flows through the black magician. If the Path requires Rituals, the pact grants three of them,
" too. Special Paths, called Ritualis Infernal, Dark Sorcery or Dark Thaumaturgy, can be bought only through a pact.
_ Unlike Hedge Magic, these demonic arts channel the power of the hells through their cracked but willing vessel —
the warlock.
: A greater pact, which includes the soul and a promise of servitude, bestows five dots worth of magic and six new
Rituals. The fun needn't stop there — demons love to encourage their pets to greater acts of perverse devotion —
_ but each successive bargain gets harder to top. Demonic Investments, which grant literally unholy powers to helpful
" servants, are the next step. These powers (which run beyond the scope of this book) rip the warlock's humanity to
shreds. With each "gift," he becomes less a man and more a demonic freak. Wings, claws, poisons, even toxic farts
— it should never be said that demons lack a sense of humor when it comes to granting Investments.

The upside? Cool powers with little work, an Otherworldly tutor and the mystique that always follows the
forbidden. Suddenly the diabolist gains new insights, wild friends and a whole new perspective. Taboos disappear like
"glass beneath a sledgehammer and in their absence, confidence swells. Who gives shit about good and evil? Morality's

for pussies! Once the bargain is completed, the warlock becomes a whole new man, flush with Otherworldly strength
_ and ready to take on the world.
4 Powerful as he may seem, though, the soul-bound sorcerer is pathetic. He may excel at magic from that point
on, may acquire great wealth, crush his enemies like dung beetles — it doesn't really matter in the long run. His life
_ and his soul no longer belong to him and his magics seem fragile and hollow. Other creatures and sensitive humans
_ cansense hisallegiance; some might flock to him, but most avoid his presence. One day, the patron willcome tocollect
the balance due. From that point, the very best thing the sorcerer can hope for is service in some greater demon's
_ household — not a pleasant duty, but an improvement over the tortures that await most mortgaged souls.
; Character Point Costs
Initial Pact 10
Extreme Pact 15 + soul
New Path 7
Path Levels current rating x 5
New Rituals Path rating
4 (Dark Sorcery — the so-called Ritualis Infernal — and demonic Investments can be found in The Book of
_ Madness on pages 137-141, and in the Storyteller's Guide to the Sabbat, pages 50-62.)

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


— Thor's hammer, Diana's bow, Michael's flaming sword,
etc.; sorcerers who work toward that god's purpose often
employ that deity's weapon.

© Writings and Inscriptions: As students of the mysteries
would tell you, language is the greatest magic of all. Writing,
which captures magic and sets it into a permanent form,
channels thought into reality. By writing a phrase, carving a
tune, etching a blessing or pressing a holy glyph into clay, the
magician sets her intentions into the material for others to see.
Some castings demand that the writing be read aloud, but others
simply lock the mystic forces onto an object once the thought
has been transferred to it through writing.

GAME COSTS AND EFFECTS

Belladonna and aconite

Give to me the gift of flight

Take me up airborne in the night

Ina dream

Across the sky

Hundred million miles high

Take me ever upwards in the night

— Incubus Succubus, "Belladonna and Aconite"

(Note: When referring to game systems, the phrase
"Hedge Magic" will be capitalized for clarity. "You" refers
to both the character and the player.)

Each magical discipline is called a Path; in game terms,
each Path allows you to do certain things, regardless of the
practice you pursue. A witch, a shaman and a missionary all
use the Healing Path to cure a friend's illness, even though
the tools they employ will vary tremendously. The names
below are offered for simplicity's sake. No healer's going to be
caught dead saying, "I practice the Paths of Healing, Herbalism
and Ephemera." Each practice gives its own names to the
arts.

(In the original Hedge Magic system, each activity
required a separate Ritual; now, Rituals have become sepa-
rate spells that a magician can buy in addition to her Hedge
Magic Path. You no longer need to purchase separate Rituals
for every conceivable Path spell. Yes, this is an official
revision, one that makes it cheaper and easier to play an
effective hedge magician.)

Other rules are as follows:

BASIC CASTING

© Cost: Asa magician, you'll begin with five free dots of
Hedge Magic and three Rituals. While each society given in
Chapter Two favors certain Paths, you may place these dots

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

anywhere you desire. One Path — the primary — must
always be higher than the others. This reflects the magician's
initial studies and her affinity for a certain type of magic.

If you want to add to your Path rating, use freebie points
as indicted on the Character Construction spread. No Path
rating can rise higher than your primary Path's rating; a
magician who specializes in spiritualism, for example, won't
be better at Herbalism than at Ephemera. When you want to
increase your current levels, see the experience point costs
on the same chart.

© Rolls: Most spells or Rituals require an Attribute +
Ability roll, usually Intelligence + Occult. See the Path
descriptions for details.

© Difficulty: Unless a Path description states differ-
ently, Hedge Magic rolls go against a difficulty of the Path
level +4. A Level Four spell or Ritual, then, would be
difficulty 8.

© Successes: Most Hedge Magic spells require a single
success to perform. Really strenuous spells — difficult Healings
or Enchantments, storm brewing, etc. — require one or two
successes per Path level before they'll work.

© Time and Effort: Hedge Magic is not a rapid art — it
requires time, patience and work to perform a spell correctly.
Storytellers can assume that a spell takes at least one turn per
level to cast properly (we'll get into improper casting in a
minute). Hence, a Level Five Summoning would demand at
least five turns, and probably longer.

Although magical actions flow from intent and concen-
tration, tools and rites are essential to Hedge Magic workings.
You can't simply think up a spell and send it on its way — you
must perform the proper ceremony (see "Magic Styles") and
steer your intentions during the entire spell. If you get
distracted, the magic fails.

© Failure: If you fail a magic roll, nothing happens. The
spell is wasted and must be started again at +1 difficulty.
Subsequent attempts add another level to the difficulty; after
three failures, for example, you're working at +3 difficulty.

* Botching: As usual, a botched roll has messy conse-
quences. Although Hedge Magick is immune to Paradox per
se, the tides of creation work in unpredictable ways. No
magician can afford to get too cocky.

When things go wrong, the level of the Path or Ritual
determines how bad the fallout gets. A botched Level Four
Ritual will have more explosive results than a ruined Level
One spell. Typical disasters can be found under each Path
description. If some sort of damage seems appropriate, as-
sume that you take one Health Level for each level in the
Path or Ritual. This damage can usually be soaked, although
certain catastrophes (wounds that rip open instead of heal)
might sidestep the usual soak roll.


COMPLICATIONS

¢ Fast Castings: In an emergency — like throwing up
a Ward against an angry vampire — you may take half the
usual time to cast a spell or Ritual. Doing so adds +2 to the
usual difficulty (maximum 10) and requires a Willpower
point.

¢ Hitting a Target: Combat magic is pretty difficult.
Most Paths and Rituals require that you prepare your subject
in some way to accept the magic. A willing subject doesn't
present a problem; an unwilling one can be difficult to affect.
Touching an opponent in combat demands a Dexterity +
Brawl or Melee roll (depending on what you're touching him
with). A moving target can attempt a Dexterity + Dodge roll
to escape a physical attack, or make a Willpower roll to fend
off a mental one. Both "soak rolls" go against difficulty 6.

* Willpower and Quintessence: A point of Willpower
may be spent to grant one automatic success. Raw Quin-
tessence, however, is useless to magicians. At the
Storyteller's option, a really potent bit of Tass
(materialized magickal essence; see Mage: The
Ascension) might help a sorcerer reduce her cast-
ing difficulties by one or two if she employs it in
some significant way — by eating a magic mush-
room, painting herself with potent blood,
sprinkling enchanted dust on an object, etc. —
before she performs the spell.

© Learning: In story terms, you've got to dig up
arcane wisdom, find learned mentors and experiment
with new and dangerous spells to raise your Path rat-
ings. In game terms, the Storyteller may require some
solo roleplaying, a personal quest, prolonged research
or some other sacrifice to reflect the time and effort
spent alongside the experience points. The Library and
Mentor Backgrounds may help this process along (see
Chapter Three), but the two bonuses cannot be com-
bined to save large amounts of experience.

© Teamwork: If you want to cooperate with an-
other magician to cast a single spell, both of you must
possess the same Path. (An Herbalist won't be much
good when a soul-bound sorcerer tries to invoke
Hellfire.) Decide who the prime caster is from
there. That person makes the magic roll. ay VAS

From there, each assistant rolls the appropri- q,
ate Attribute + Ability as well. An additional nw
turn may be required for each magician after Stn
the second. Foreach successfulassistant, lower ‘
the difficulty of the prime character's roll by
one, to a minimum difficulty of 3.

\
)

Teamwork failure leaves the prime char-
acter where she started, with no help or
hindrance. Anyone who botches, however,
adds two to the prime caster's difficulty, or

oF any

"

‘a,

Wauuusys
~ (

ry ron
ES)

Qs
Z

ai

leig

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


subtracts two of her successes. If the task involves some
heavy-duty power (a Level Five Spell, for instance), an
unpleasant side-effect might be forthcoming...

© Combining Paths: Hedge Magic Paths cannot be
combined for additional effect, nor may Rituals. A Ritual
might be set in motion before or after a Path spell, but not
during. Although some Rituals have lingering effects, a spell
or Ritual must be completed before another magical action
can begin.

© Levels: Each Path has five basic levels, that cost the
normal amount of points to achieve. A sixth level — su-
preme mastery — costs 50 additional experience points to
attain, and demonstrates the upper limits of Hedge Magic.
Storytellers might forbid this level to player characters if its
effects seem too powerful for the chronicle concept.

© Storyteller Prerogative: Magic moves in unpredict-
able ways, and tends to blend into the landscape. Without
the power of the Spheres, human will only stretches so far;

Hedge Magic cannot move mountains on command. If a
player attempts some huge spell that obviously defies reality
(making a truck levitate in broad daylight, shooting Hellfire
out of her fingertips in a shopping mall, etc.) without
backing the spell up with some serious roleplaying, the
Storyteller is perfectly within her rights to simply say, "It

doesn't work." Even then, massive workings might not suc-
ceed. Hedge magicians are enigmatic beings with mysterious
powers, not Dr. Strange refugees.

(Storytellers Note: This "loophole" is not intended to
let you screw your players over ona whim, simply to reinforce
the limitations of Hedge Magic while discouraging power-
gaming. A spell conducted under dramatic circumstances
with all the trimmings should be left to the usual systems, or
even be granted immediate success.)

¢ Additional Numina: "Numina" is a general term for
unusual Advantages — the three Affinities of Hedge Magic,
Psychic Phenomena and True Faith. (See The Hunters
Hunted, Ascension's Right Hand, The Inquisition, The
Quick and the Dead or Project Twilight for these additional
powers.) Few individuals are multi-talented enough to mas-
ter several Numina at once, but some brilliant sorcerers
manage to do so.

If by chance you possess some additional Numina Affin-
ity, those initial dots cost 14 points each instead of seven. If,
for example, you wanted to begin the game with both
Herbalism (Hedge Magic) and Telepathy (Psychic Phenom-
ena), it would cost you at least 14 freebie points in addition
to your original three Hedge Magic dots. Sorcerer characters
cannot divide their three initial dots between Hedge Magic

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER


and other Numina; such talents must be purchased with
freebie points or experience. Obviously, if you're learning
the mystic arts, it helps to specialize.

Unlike True Magick, Hedge Magic is not nullified by
True Faith (see The Book of Shadows or Ascension's Right
Hand). However, high levels of Faith (five or more) may
invoke the Echoes Flaw on nearby sorcerers. (See Chapter
Three for details.)

© True Magick and Hedge Magick: In case it needs
repeating, Hedge Magick and Sphere magick are incompat-
ible. An Awakened mage cannot use Hedge Magick, a
sorcerer cannot use the other. (See Chapter Three for other
crossover systems.)

© Rituals: Sometimes, a working requires precise, spe-
cific knowledge — in other words, a Ritual created for that
purpose. Since thousands of mystic rituals exist worldwide,
we'll reflect those endless possibilities with three-point Ritu-
als bought as "specialties" for a related Path.

Certain Paths demand certain Rituals to obtain certain
results. The various Path listings describe their affiliated
Rituals (if any) and the things you can do with them. Each
Ritual costs an additional three points and allows you a bit of
flexibility beyond the Path's usual limitations. In all other
ways, a Ritual resembles a normal magic working: It takes the
usual amount of time, requires tools and conforms to the
sorcerer's magic style.

COUNTERSPELLS

By North and South, I seal thee

By East and West, I seal thee

By Air, Earth, Fire and Water, I seal thee

Three times three, protected and warded

So Will It, I

So Mote It Be.

— protective warding invocation

Counterspells are elementary magic. Any magician who
wants to survive learns the proper wards and counters before
she sets out to possess stronger arts. Such protections take a
thousand different forms, from the sand circles of the Anjavho
to the guardian runes of Norse vitkar, and the blessings that
all religions teach their faithful servants. In plain terms, they
slow or stop the effects of dangerous magics, unweave spells
in progress or form a mystic barrier against mystic energies.

* A normal counterspell can be cast immediately, and
protects its subject against hostile enchantments. Blocking
an incoming spell requires a successful Wits + Occult roll
(difficulty 8). Each success you win eliminates one success
from your opponent's attack. Total victory on your part
nullifies his spell completely. Willpower points may be spent
to aid a counterspell, but you must score at least one natural
success to complete the protection.

© An unweaving counterspell undoes another party's
enchantments. You have to understand what you're attempt-
ing to undo, so knowledge of the Path involved is essential.
If you've got at least one dot in the caster's Path, you may
attempt an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 8). Each
success cancels one of the original magician's successes until
either you fail the roll (which ends the attempt) or his spell
is undone. For long-standing enchantments, a Storyteller
might simply tell her player to accumulate five successes or
more; really strong or True Magick workings would demand
10 or even 15 successes to unravel.

© A warding counterspell (not to be confused with a
Ward from the Path of that name) sets up a small protective
field. First, you prepare the area — which can range from a
three-foot circle to a 20' x 20' room — by inscribing mystic
designs, marking out protective sigils and performing a
blessing invocation. A roll of Wits + Occult (difficulty 8) sets
up a "barrier" of successes. To reach past the ward, a rival
spellcaster must roll more successes than you had accumu-
lated when you created the barrier. Once he does, the ward
is broken and must be reset. Obviously, it's a good idea to
make extended rolls when setting such protections, and to
refresh them from time to time. Preparing a counterspell
ward takes roughly five minutes for every 10 square feet in the
protected area.

Each form of counterspell costs three points to learn (see
"Rituals"). Such protections usually guard the sorcerer him-
self, but may be used to shield another person instead. Basic
counterspell rites can cancel the effects of Hedge Magic,
True Magick, vampiric Thaumaturgy, and faerie cantrips
cast against the magician or his protectorate. Spirit powers
— Gifts, Charms and Arcanoi — require additional
counterspell Rituals, which also cost three points each. Full
"protection," therefore, would cost you a total of 18 points.
As most wizards would attest, it's worth it.

CREATING NEW PATHS

With the permission of a particularly brave (or stupid?)
Storyteller, you might be able to create new magical Paths.
The requirements, should the Storyteller allow this, are as
follows:

* Your primary Path rating must be at least five before
you can design new magical roads.

© The initial dot in the newly created Path costs 10 experi-
ence points; each level thereafter costs (current level x five).

© In story terms, you'll have to do plenty of research,
experimentation and practice before this new Path comes
together. It's not unreasonable to spend years of game time
developing some new occult talent, then perfecting it well
enough to achieve consistent results.

All Path elements must be tied toa certain theme. The
Path of Enhanced Senses won't allow you to fly.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


THE PATHS

...magic is precisely that thing which cannot be explained or

* Hedge Magic is subtle and slow. No new Path will 41.1 ondinary physical ers

allow a magician to blow up buildings with a wave of her
hand or transmute enemies into puddles of seawater. Really
powerful spells are the purview of True Mages, and they pay
the Paradoxical price for that power.

— Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic

Tyson is right; even so, for game purposes, we need a
rough system to reflect the powers of the magician. The
following Paths represent those arcane abilities and the

SUCCESSES NEEDED

HEDGE MAGIC

Standard task (Conjuring a card) one

Difficult task (Healing a gunshot wound)
Impossible task (Binding a raging werewolf)

| COUNTERSPELLS

Normal
Warding

| FATILLISTINGS

Path
Alchemy
Conjuration
Conveyance
Cursing
Divination
Enchantment
Ephemera
Fascination
Healing
Hellfire
Herbalism/Brewing
Shadows
Shapeshifting

Summoning (Material)
Summoning (Daimonic)

Weathercraft

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Wits + Occult
Unweaving Intelligence + Occult
Wits + Occult

Difficulty 8
Difficulty 8
Difficulty 8

Effect

Transmutation of elements
Pull things from "nowhere"
Swift Travel

Cause bad fortune

Foretell the future

Create minor talismans
Deal with spirits

Charms people

Reduce pain or injury
Creates elemental attacks
Create potions

Shapes shadows, bends sounds
Changes caster's form

Call, Bind, Ward and Dismiss

Call, Bind, Ward and Dismiss

Changes weather

‘one per path level
one per path level, + 2 difficulty (10 maximum)

Roll

Willpower cost

Intelligence + Alchemy(Occult Science) 1 Willpower

Dexterity + Occult
Stamina + Occult
Manipulation + Intimidation
Perception + Fortune Telling
Intelligence + Occult
Charisma Enigmas
(Social Trait) + Occult
Manipulation + Intuition
Manipulation + Occult
Intelligence + Herbalism
Manipulation + Stealth
Stamina + Occult

Charisma + Occult to Summon.
Manipulation + Occult to Bind
Wits + Occult to Dismiss

Wits + Occult to Ward
Charisma + Occult to Summon
Manipulation + Occult to Bind
Wits + Occult to Dismiss

Wits + Occult to Ward
Manipulation + Occult

(no cost)
1 Willpower
1 Willpower
(no cost)
1 Willpower
(no cost)
(no cost)
1 Willpower
1 Willpower
(no cost)
(no cost)
1 Willpower

(no cost)
1 Willpower
(no cost)
(no cost)
(no cost)
1 Willpower
(no cost)
(no cost)
1 Willpower


things they allow a sorcerer to do. By necessity, these Paths
are broad yet limited. The ultimate magic comes from the
power of the story, not the power of the dice.

Some of the following powers have been collected and
revised from Halls of the Arcanum, Ascension's Right
Hand and The Quick and the Dead; several others are brand
new. It's important to note thatalthough each Path indicates
some pretty broad powers, your sorcerer still needs to cast
different spells to set different things in motion. This idea
really falls more under the heading of "Roleplaying" than of
"Game Mechanics"; nevertheless, it shouldn't be ignored.

You begin with one particular Path in which you're
especially well-acquainted. This primary Path marks your
real talents, while the others reflect things you've learned
along the way. No additional Path can be higher than that
primary talent, though the others reach the same level.

The magician's affinity to magic often shows through in
his personality, dress and bearing. A sorcerer who excels at
Hellfire is going to be a tempestuous soul with a sharp temper
and aggressive mannerisms. Contrast that with the calm
healer, the passionate shapeshifter and the absent-minded
dream-mystic and you'll see how these dots can become story
elements unto themselves.

ALCHEMY

The Great Art, Our Sacred Philosophy, the Divine
Work, Ars Chemica — these terms surround the occult (some
would say sacred) science/art of alchemy. But what was, oris,
alchemy?

Popular conception remembers alchemy as medieval
proto-chemistry — a pseudo-science that sought to trans-
mute base metals (e.g., lead) into gold. While many alchemists
pursued that goal (if only to pay the bills), the art itself
concentrates on perfection of all kinds — material, mental,
scientific and finally spiritual. The transmutation of lead
into gold is merely the symbol for the best alchemists' true
goal: transformation of a mortal man into an immortal god.

As it's practiced in the West, alchemy is the epitome of
the Hermetic tradition, the mystic discipline that draws
together the myths of Egypt, Greece and Rome, mingles
them with Biblical traditions and adds elements of the
Kabbalah and Qur'an. Like the worm Uroboros, alchemy is
endless, circular and symbolic. It defies description because,
by nature, the practice ideally defies limitation. Alchemy
crosses the borders between art and science, between spiri-
tual discipline and scientific practice; it crosses Asia Minor
and Europe, and has been practiced for over 2,000 years.

The key to—and often the aim of — Western alchemy is
the Philosopher's Stone, sometimes called simply the Stone.
Like the art itself, this rarefied material is a paradox; some
alchemists claim it's an actual stone, others deny the claim. The
Stone has been describedasa tincture, an elixir, a wax, a powder
and, of course, a brilliant stone. In any case, it is this material
(often sought but rarely gained) that transmutes lead into gold,
cures disease and grants immortality.

The alchemical art brings nature to perfection. Prima
Materia — the primal material — is the base substance that
is turned, through a variety of processes, into the Stone.
Naturally, alchemists disagree on the Prima Materia, too;
some believe that it should be a truly base material — dog
droppings, bones, blood, etc. — while others argue that the
Prima Materia itself is a supernatural substance. Part of the
alchemical process involves experimenting with a variety of
substances, observing the paths that ideally lead to the
Philosopher's Stone. Once the alchemist chooses a sub-
stance for his experiments, he must determine a process
toward perfection.

The first step usually involves putrefaction, which cul-
minates in nigredo (the black stage), when the substance is
dead, or has been reduced to its first matter. The substance is
then reborn in The Peacock's Tail, a stage of many colors,
followed by albedo (the whitening), when a white elixir
forms. Ideally, the process concludes with rubedo, when the
substance becomes a red tincture, elixir or powder: the
Philosopher's Stone.

The Great Work is not learned easily. True, there are
many works in print that claim to detail the secrets of
alchemy, but these are often analogical reflections, not
"instruction manuals." To understand anything beyond the
most basic symbols of the art, an alchemist can spend literally
lifetimes in study. The best sources of alchemical knowledge
are personal experimentation, apprenticeship to a senior
alchemist, or "revelation," a collection of dreams and visions
that unlock the symbols and confer — one hopes — the
power of understanding.

In game terms, the Alchemy Path allows you to synthe-
size various powders, potions and other concoctions, or to
enhance some existing material to unusual potency (see
Enchantment and Herbalism/Brewing, below). Unlike the
Enchantment Path, Alchemy doesn't create "magic items";
rather, it brings out the item's innate powers, strengthens
them and combines them with other enhanced properties.
Like other Hedge Magic Paths, Alchemy is rated in one to
five dots; those dots reflect the principles you understand and
the expertise you possess. The highest level of Alchemy

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


> =
theoretically expands beyond material things; in game terms,
an Alchemist who reaches this exalted state may Awaken
and continue his road with the Spheres.

Alchemical workings depend on the proper tools, envi-
ronment and preparation. You can't just fire off a spell if
Alchemy is your calling; while items may be prepared ahead
of time and carried along, creating new enhancements take
both time and workspace (see "Tools of the Trade — Al-
chemical Laboratory"). Preparing a material or concoction
may take days or weeks, depending on what it is and what it
does. For systems' sake, assume that it takes one or two days
to prepare materials of Path Levels One and Two, and one
week per Path level for higher-level concoctions.

Roll: Alchemy (Occult Science) + Intelligence
Costs one Willpower per operation

Effects
. Minor substances can be created, such as simple

poisons, tranquilizers, anesthetics or even stimu-

lants — nothing that's obviously "magical" or

"supernatural," but simply extra-potent versions of

normal materials.

— A liquid that, when imbibed, removes minor

Health Level penalties (through Injured) until the

individual is wounded again or heals.

— A powder that, when combined with an alco-

holic beverage, allows a person to recover instantly

from a drunken stupor.

— A mirror that cannot be chipped or smashed.
oe More powerful versions of Level One materials. At
this stage, you might also open the doors to a
person's mystic insight, granting dreams or visions
to whoever consumes your concoction.

— A liquid that allows the drinker to go for an
entire week with only one hour's sleep per night.
—A powder that grants a vision to whoever eats it;
this vision is always clothed in symbolic language,
and may either portend future events or show pre-
viously unknown aspects of a current situation.
—A blade with an ultra-keen edge, one that never
needs to be resharpened.

At this level, you can create items that have some
obviously supernatural effects, or enhance existing
materials to unearthly levels.

—A potion that imbues the drinker with some low-
level, psychic power (perhaps one of the Psychic
Numina described in Ascension's Right Hand or
The Hunter's Hunted) for one scene (or one
hour).

—A dust that reveals hidden, disguised or invisible
things for what they truly are.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

eocce

— A small weapon (a knife, a handful of bullets)
may be altered so that it inflicts aggravated damage.
Stronger versions of the previous creations may be
made, and concoctions that enhance a person's
Attributes (by one or two dots only) may be brewed.
— A drought of this potion raises the drinker's
Physical Attributes by one each for an hour or so.
—Asalve that, when applied to the eyes, grants the
user the ability to see through the Shroud for one
night (see Wraith: The Oblivion).
—A bullet that bursts into flames when fired. This
projectile inflicts an extra two dice worth of fire
damage and ignites flammable items whenever it
lands.
You may, given time, brew substances that simulate
the supernatural abilities of other denizens of the
hidden world — vampire Disciplines, werewolf Gifts,
etc. —from the first through the third level, or create
concoctions that duplicate those creatures' innate
powers (regeneration, stepping sideways, even frenzy).
True Magick Spheres may not be simulated, although
individual rotes may be copied at the Storyteller's
discretion. Wraithly Arcanoi cannot be synthesized
(how could you study the powers of a ghost?), nor may
the cantrips of the fae (which depend upon their link
to the Dreaming). Obviously, these elixirs require
samples from the creature in question — ground
vampire fang, werewolf dung, etc. — and often carry
nasty side effects like blood-thirst and a hair-trigger
temper. These droughts duplicate only one specific
effect (Sweet Whispers, Blur of the Milky Eye, etc.),
not an entire Discipline or tribal inheritance, and last
for one day or less.
—A regenerative powder that, when consumed, allows
the user to heal damage slowly (one level every other
turn) for the duration of a story. As a side effect, the
drinker sweats heavily and smells like a caged beast.
— Anelixir (requiring at least five Blood Points of
vampire vitae) that simulates three dots in Potence
for three hours. Sadly, this magical fluid also creates
aravening hunger; fora day anda night, the drinker
eats whatever food might be nearby.
— An amulet that protects the wearer from physical
vampire attacks. The Kindred might employ Domi-
nate, Auspex or some other "long range" Discipline
against the protected one, but may not touch her so
long as she wears the amulet. As a side effect, the
wearer feels cold whenever she's wearing the amulet.
Formulae "above" Level Five exist: these are the
pinnacle of the alchemical tradition, the most mys-
terious and sought-after formulae, including the
Philosopher's Stone, immortality elixirs or trans-
mutation potions.


Disasters: Naturally, home-grown chemical compounds

: — especially formulae created for the first time — can have
all kinds of nasty side effects. A failed roll simply creates a

| worthless (and often foul) substance; a botched roll might

| very well indicate a poisonous mixture, a flawed item or a
laboratory explosion.

- CONJURATION

With this Path, you can move pre-prepared objects
from one place to another. Rabbits can be pulled out of
hats, coins moved around and swords summoned to one's

hand. Mages who've studied the art declare that such feats
are limited applications of Correspondence principles, but
claim that the magicians lack the understanding or might to
truly access the Sphere itself.

Any object to be moved must be prepared in advance by
some method of the caster's belief. If the conjurer is a Voudun
mambo, she must make sacrifices to the loa, sprinkle the
objects with blood, ash, bone dust or blessed earth, and
consecrate them. If he's a stage magician, he could hypnotize
his assistant before sawing her in half. A Satanist may
dedicate his machete to Lucifer while a Wiccan witch might
inscribe the item, call the corners and invoke the goddess and
god (si gic Styles"). The magician's expertise determines
the spell's maximum range. Failure means the Conjuration did
not work, while a botch makes it go spectacularly wrong.

Conjuration is difficult to use offensively. The item
moved cannot be chosen at whim. It may be an animal
(rabbit, cat, mouse, or even human), but may not be whisked
in and out without prior ritual preparation. Unconscious
beings may, with proper preparation (like hypnosis), be
nst their will by a powerful conjurer, but this Path
cannot be used against an enemy in combat.

moved age

You can nudge or summon one additional object for
every level above that required to move it in the first place.
A magician doing the magic coin trick could move one coin
at level one, two at level two, three at three and so on.
Multiple living beings cannot be Conjured across space at
the basic level; only the greatest of conjurers can move more
than a single creature with this art.

Aseries of related Rituals (see "Rituals") allows a skilled
magician to manipulate an object without moving it, make
a coin spin in midair or a rope grow taut and hang from
nothing. Once the subject is readied, it can be called or
moved with a simple command (O Blade of my Father, I
summon thee!). The item itself does not become magical
in any way, and once the magic is used, it must be reset.

With a bit of style and a good Dexterity + Subterfuge
roll, a conjurer can fool even the most sophisticated audi-
ences into thinking that his magic is merely a good trick, or

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS

can hide the conjured item until it's needed. This is difficult,
though not impossible, with larger (or living) subjects. Just
ask David Copperfield!

Roll: Dexterity + Occult

Effects

Wow! You can nudge a tiny nonfunctional object
(acoin, knife, business card) without touching it.
The magic carries no real force behind it. Anyone
who wants to stop the item from moving can simply
pick it up. Range is roughly 10 feet or less.
At this level of expertise, you may move a small
simple item (a book, jar, rope) or Conjure it across
intervening space from up to 15 feet away. Anyone
wishing to stop an object moved with this level of
magic should make a Strength roll (difficulty 5).
A large or complex inanimate object (a sword,
telephone, boom box, bottle of wine) or a simple
life form (snail, ant, roach) can be moved, levitated
or snatched from thin air. This object can be no
larger than a chair, and you must be within 25 feet
of it. An item moved at this level can support about
200 pounds; anyone attempting to stop it must roll
her Strength against difficulty 7.
Where'd that rabbit come from? At this level, you
can move, levitate or summon a living mammal,
reptile or bird — any complex life form of less than
half-human mass. Inanimate objects as large as
steamer trunks can also be moved or levitated at
this level. Maximum range is 50 feet or less.
Presto! Now you can move or manipulate a human
orhuman-sized animal from up to 60 feetaway. This
subject must be either willing or unconscious. It's
best to work with a longtime partner when perform-
ing this trick, as the experience is disorienting and
distressing. Botching this Conjuration roll can have
disastrous consequences. At best, the magic will
simply fail. At worst, well... ick.

©The ultimate mastery of Conjuration magic allows
you to shift a large (roughly car-sized) object or
being, or move up to three human-sized creatures.
Maximum range is 100 feet. All the usual specifics
apply.

Disasters: When such spells fail, the conjured object
either fails to appear, remains motionless or drops to the
ground. Botched spells summon the wrong object, place it in
the wrong place (like directly over your head), or destroy it.
Things get especially messy if you were trying to shift a living
being at the time. Some tales tell of magicians who at-
tempted some spectacular feat of Conjuration, only to
disappear themselves when the magic failed! The fate of such
sorcerers is unknown.

No Willpower cost

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

CONVEYANCE

To travel swiftly, without hindrance or delay, has been
one of humanity's greatest dreams. Until the current cen-
tury, a long journey —and "long" could mean 10 miles or less
— meant inconvenience, danger, expense and time. Natu-
rally, the earliest magicians sought a way around such hassles.
In this Path, which bears a traveler from one point to another
while avoiding obstacles in between, they found an answer to
their needs.

This Path is not without its own risks and limitations.
First and foremost, a magical traveler needs some means of
travel. The archetypal witch's broom is but the most obvious
solution; some wizards employ friendly spirits, conjurer's
cabinets, fiery chariots or flying beds. The "vehicle" depends
more upon the magician's preference than upon the Path,
and the ceremonies that imbue an inanimate object with the
power of transportation vary from practice to practice. In
practical terms, however, all of these methods accomplish
the same goal — moving the magician from one place to
another with a minimum of fuss.

The other constraints come from the innate
unpredictability of magic, the suspicions of one's neighbors
and the wild means of travel. A flying broomstick isn't as safe
or comfortable as, say, a Lexus; a flying carpet is a fragile
thing, and the disorientation that comes from long-distance
teleportation leaves the traveler sick and dizzy. By the same
token, the nosy old lady down the block isn't going to keep
the news to herself, if, by some chance, she notices you flying
out the window on a broomstick. In today's skeptical world,
the Path of Subtle Transportation is unpredictable, often
failing when you need it most. Generally, it's safer just to use
acar. When emergencies occur, however, this Path presents
an option for wizards with a taste for tradition and the nerves
for some serious magic.

In game terms, you must first define the "vehicle" of
transportation. Is it an enchanted broom? A teleportation
booth? A carpet? A handful of blessed dust? Each method has
its own limitations and rites, and few sorcerers use more than
one Conveyance style. Once you choose the method you
prefer, you'll have to "prime" that vehicle before each trip.
Storytellers note: This should involve a bit of time and
trouble — this Path evokes some serious juju. The final roll
signifies the beginning of the trip; from there, the distance,
method and time of the journey should determine its ease.

You don't have to be the one who travels; this spell may
be cast upon a willing subject. Once she departs, though, you
cannot direct her flight; for better or worse, she ends up
where your magics send her. Like Conjuration spells, Con-
veyance magics cannot be used against an enemy in combat.
The subject must be prepared, ritually and emotionally, to
take the trip before it begins.


Like Conjuration, this Path works along the same prin-
ciples as that most esoteric of Sphere magicks,
Correspondence. Of all the Paths, Conveyance is the one
most prone to failure. Depending on the method and dis-
tance of your travels, the Storyteller should check at least
once to see if some disaster occurs. A brief jump across the
block should pass without incident; a flying carpet ride across
the state ought to be a bit riskier. The "Travel Complica-
tions" chart reflects. a few common methods and the problems
that come with them.

Once the trip ends, the magic dissipates. Unless the
vehicle itself is enchanted (see the Witch's Steed in the
Appendix), you'll have to cast a new spell to travel again.
Finding your feet after a trip might take a turn or two,
especially if you've just taken a long journey. Short trips —
a quarter-mile or so— occur instantly. Longer jaunts require
some travel time, typically one turn per mile. Long trips
five miles or more —should become stories unto themselves,
and ought to involve some extra risks. Who's to say what you
might meet on an extended flight over Central Africa?

Like most static magics, this Path depends more upon
expertise than upon personal success. An exceptional roll
(three successes or more) might grant you some helpful side
effect, like an immunity to complications or an especially
quick trip. For the most part, however, a skillful sorcerer can
travel faster and further than an inexperienced one. This
Path works better in remote, uninhabited places than in
populated areas. A magician who wishes to travel across an
area full of people (or during full daylight) should add two to
her casting roll difficulty (maximum 10); on the other hand,
asorcerer traveling across uninhabited regions — like deserts
or rain forests — or at night might be able to double her
effective range at the Storyteller's discretion.

Complications
loud of Smoke Wrong Destination

Flying Bed, Broom, Carpet, etc.

Flying Potion/Ointment Bad batch

eleportation Booth "Oops..."

Slipping off/Unwanted attention

elpful Spirits Temperamental — some bargain required
Magic Chariot Unwanted attention
Strong Wind Too strong/Not strong enough

Roll: Magician's Stamina + Occult
Costs one Willpower

Effects
° You may move one small (10 Ibs. or less), object
roughly 10 feet.
oe Several small objects or one large one (100 lbs. or

less) may be moved about 100 feet.

eee ~~ Onehuman-sized living beingmay be moved roughly
amile.

eeee Thatsame being may travel up to five miles. A large
object (500 Ibs. or less) may move the same dis-
tance.

@eeee Youmay move up to three people roughly 10 miles,

or shift a 1000 lb. object the same distance.
¢©Up to five people (or 2000 Ibs. worth or material)

may be moved up to 15 miles.
Disasters: A failed roll leaves the traveler(s) sitting in
a botched roll usually makes a mess, stranding the
passenger in some dangerous place, dropping her from a great
height, or melding her with the nearest wall. (The Fly and
Star Trek I demonstrate the gruesome effects of botched
teleportation rolls.)

place;

CURSING

One of the oldest forms of magic, a curse imparts some
bad wish onto an offending party. This ranges from the Evil
Eye to a group malediction. Though anybody can direct ill
will at someone else, this Path allows you to vent your spleen
with real effect. At its most basic level, such a curse quickly
fouls up its victim's life, then dissipates. At its worst, potent
Cursing can last for generations.

Result
"Where am 1?"
Dexterity + Athletics roll to keep from
falling (also see below) 4
Travel power wears off too soon
Ending up in some hazardous place |
Word gets around; attack may be forth |
coming: E.
Wrong destination, or faltering flight
Wrong destination (if you're lucky...)

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


The severity of the Curse is usually bound to the dots in
your Severity rating (the dots in his Path), and the effects
usually only happen once. With a number of successes,
however, you can make nasty things happen to more than
one person in a given group. A magician cannot Curse
someone more severely than his skill allows (i-e., above the
dots he has) if working alone. If he works with a group versed
in the same Path, however, his anger carries more clout.

The basic system for Cursing is simple: First, decide how
much punishment you want to inflict (within your ability, of
course), spend onetum per level of Severity magically collecting
and focusing your (character's!) hate, then discharge it in some
cathartic fashion (a scream, a dance, a venomous e-mail mes-
sage, etc.). From there, you roll Manipulation + Intimidation to
work the Effect and spend a point of Willpower. Your successes
get divided between Relation and Severity (player's choice),
allowing you to customize a Curse. That Curse's Effect strikes
soon afterward. At some pointand in some way, it is determined
by the Storyteller, not the magician; you can choose who you
want to hurt, but not how it happens.

If, for example, Jaymi Darkangel (with three dots in Curse)
rolls four successes when Cursing her landlord, she could choose
to inflict a serious injury on him, or cause embarrassment to both
the landlord and his wife. Two days later, the landlord trips and
falls, breaking his leg (Severity 3). If Jaymi had decided to
humiliate the family instead, the fall might have ended ina pile
of dog feces; the wife, meanwhile, burns the brownies for her first
PTA meeting (Severity 2). Simple, but effective!

Unlike most forms of Hedge Magic, Cursing can focus
the will of a group into a force more potent than anything a
single magician could muster. By acting in concert (see
"Teamwork"), an angry pack of Curse-skilled hedge witches
can bring down death and worse upon their enemies. In such
cases, each additional member grants a new dot to the pool,
adding to either Severity, Relation or both. Jaymi, therefore,
could use up to four levels of Severity if she teamed up with
Cheryl of the Five Rose Sect to curse the landlord, and her
difficulty drops by one. In the case of group Curses, set the
initial difficulty at 8 for simplicity.

Curses do not force events to happen or rearrange the
laws of nature (that's True Magick's providence). They do,
however, subtly nudge things or people already in motion
toward the caster's intent. A hedge wizard's Curse may take
days or even months to occur, but it will happen. Someone
successfully Cursed may not immediately walk through a
plate glass window, but she may find herself under a falling
windowpane the next time she passes a construction site. In
magickal terms, such events are always coincidental and will
only strike when a strong possibility exists for them to.

An especially skilled magician may invoke the Death
Curse. By spendingall her permanent Willpower, that wizard's
player can add that Willpower to her Curse dots, and divide
the total as she sees fit between Severity and Relation. The
character then turns into mindless husk and dies soon after,

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

burned out by inner hatred. A witch with minimal skill in
Cursing might only get four or five dots to spend, but a
powerful one could wither a whole family!

Supernatural creatures may be Cursed, but can resist the
Effect with a successful Willpower roll. This roll's difficulty
will usually be 7 or 8, but might go as high as 9 if the magician
is especially powerful or successful.

Naturally, the being in question has to be aware of the
Curse in order to resist it. Short problems will probably just
happen and be done with, but a prolonged Curse can be
discovered with a little work (consulting the spirits, check-
ing auras with Prime magick or Auspex, reading probability
with Entropy, etc.). A mage's or magician's Arcane Back-
ground can take successes away from a wizard attempting to
Curse her on a one-for-one basis.

As any wise practitioner knows, rearranging the paths of
fortune can backfire. Botching a Curse brings the effect back
at the caster in ways that should delight the most sadistic of
Storytellers. Even if the roll is successful, there's always some
kind of fallout from a Curse, especially if it's asevere one. The
nature of this payback lies more with storytelling than with
systems, but should be in line with the general power of the
Curse and the ill will of the magician. Backripples range from
dropping an expensive item (and having to pay for it) to
foreclosure, physical aliments or sudden disappearing acts on
the parts of one's friends.

No Curse needs to be used at full potency. You can
choose to revoke the Curse at any time prior to its effect. A
magician skilled in this Path can also try to undo another's
Curse with a Wits + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 9) and a
Willpower point.

Roll: Manipulation + Intimidation

Costs one Willpower

Severity Effect (Path rating)

A brief inconvenience (dropping an object, saying
something stupid, closing a door on your fingers,
etc.)

A slip-up that results in a lasting injury or embar-
rassment (stepping on glass barefooted, throwing
up on the Japanese Prime Minister, breaking an
heirloom, etc.)

A serious injury or illness, not incapacitating, but
painful and inconvenient (broken limb, hernia,
gunshot wound, etc.)

A lasting illness, not fatal, but debilitating (infec-
tion, stroke, heart attack, Alzheimer's disease, etc.)
Death, usually by some ghastly means (decapita-
tion, impaling, mangling, torture, disease, etc.)

Relation
One person only
One close relation or friend
Two similar relations (male heirs, lovers, parents)


eeee Allclose living relations or friends
* All relations and friends!

5 + Relatives or friends for generations to come

Disasters: As described above, a Curse can boomerang
onits caster. A failed roll discharges the malediction into the
surrounding area, peppering it with bad fortune (Storyteller's
option as to what happens after that). A botched Curse roll
infects the sorcerer with her own hatred, dropping the spell's
effects into her lap.

DIVINATION

"What's in my future?" For as long as human beings have
understood the concept of "future," they've wanted to know
what lies around the next bend in the road. Foresight is impor-
tant, especially to rulers, merchants, warriors and magicians;
hence, this Path — often attributed to the gods themselves —
became a well-traveled road on the sorcerer's journey.

Throughout time, fortune-tellers have employed any
number of divinatory styles:

© Cartomancy — fortune-telling through card-reading.
Each card has a different divinatory meaning, and drawing
cards in certain orders offers insight into hidden or unknown
aspects of the past, present, or future. Cartomancy tools
include: Tarot decks, regular playing cards, or custom de-
signed selections.

© Casting — Tossing sticks, bones, stones, coins, shells,
or any other such objects on the ground, and finding mean-
ing in the positions in which particular objects fall (similar
to cartomancy, which could simply be considered a subdivi-
sion of casting). Different cultures use different objects:
Chinese sorcerers might use joss sticks for I-Ching divina-
tion, vitki employ rune stones or staves for futhark, Yoruba
sorcerers would use shells for Ifa divination, etc.

© Dream Interpretation — Digging past the obvious
"Boy, that was a weird dream," the diviner interprets the
symbols of the mind. Since all cultures possess archetypal
symbols (which may or may not come from the gods, depend-
ing on who you ask), a skilled sorcerer can make a good guess
about the meanings of a dream.

© Scrying — Gazing into a shiny or reflective surface —
acrystal ball, a pool or lake, a bowl of water, a mirror, etc. —
in order to catch visions of the future. The surface, of course,
is less important than the sorcerer's own intuitive connec-
tion to the Otherworld; the reflection simply opens the
channel to farsight.

Other divination methods include palmistry, tea leaves,
bibliomancy (opening a book up to a random page), entrail-
reading, and so on. In game terms, the method you choose
isn't really important; in story terms, it may be vital. Fortune-
tellers specialize in one form of divination — you won't find
a Kabbalist casting joss-sticks with runic markings on them.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


That style can become the jumping-off point for any number
of stories; imagine the difficulties an entrail-reader will
encounter if she plies her trade in the United States, or the
perils of Tarot reading in Iraq...

Divination can only be performed after meditation and
prayer; depending upon how far ahead (or behind) you're
trying to see, that meditation time can vary froma half-hour
toan entire day. Since divination often means shaking hands
with the gods, most fortune-tellers cleanse themselves physi-
cally and spiritually before beginning the rite.

For you the player, Divination offers a tricky kind of
insight into coming events. It's far from accurate and never
literal; even so, a successful Divination roll can grant you a
glimpse at the forces behind your chronicle. What you do
with that knowledge depends on you.

In game terms, you describe what you're looking for, the
method you're using and the results you expect to receive. A
simple Perception + Fortune-Telling roll determines the
answer's accuracy, and the question determines the difficulty
(see chart). The more successful the roll, the more precise the
information.

Your Storyteller makes the roll (What? You expected to
know how accurate your divinations are?) and decides what
to tell you. Since divinations are symbolic, not literal, the
insights will appear as signs, not direct answers. Unless the
Storyteller wants to give you a healthy clue, she'll leave the
interpretation up to you:

Good Example: "The sticks fly up, fall to the ground and
scatter into a pattern. Three sticks lie at odds with the fourth,
and the fourth lies crossed over the fifth."

Acceptable Example: "According to the sticks, your group
will soon be betrayed from within. Someone's going to die."

Bad Example: "Wintershade's going to betray you, and
Olaf is going to die."

Your Path rating determines how well — and how far —
you might peer into the past or future. Since Divination puts
extra demands on a Storyteller's time, plans and patience,
she may decide to disallow this Path for player characters.

Roll: Perception + Fortune-Telling

No Willpower cost

Effects

. One week into

coe Vision for one or two years before or behind; that
vision is fairly accurate, but has been known to be
wrong.
eeee You might be able to see 10 years forward or back.
That sight tends to be pretty acute; even when
you're wrong, your information contains some
glimpses of truth.
eeeee Youcansee fora lifetime or more with very accurate
results. Distant divinations (20 years in the future,
100 years in the past) raise your difficulty to 9 or 10.
@@¢¢eeYour prophecies may reach as far into the past or
future as your Storyteller choose to allow. Although
distant visions can become unreliable, there's some
element of truth in everything you foretell.
Disasters: Prophecies are notoriously misleading. A
failed roll might indicate a false omen, or no omen at all. A
botched roll represents a vision inaccurate enough to be
dangerous (telling someone, "That pass is perfectly safe"
when in actuality a nasty ambush awaits).

ENCHANTMENT

The magical art of creating minor talismans (as opposed
to the more powerful True Magick Talismans), Enchant-
ment imbues an item with the spellcaster's essence. Crafting
magic from ingredients both eldritch and mundane, the
enchanter spends much of his time closeted in a laboratory
peering through foul smoke, containing minor explosions,
and tracking down bizarre magical ingredients.

Minor talismans differ from their magickal counterparts in
many ways. Each has a single power that usually operates a few
times under set circumstances. Even the strongest such talis-
mans pale in comparison to those crafted with True Magick.
Their Effects aren't flashy, but they do get results... usually.
Although they carry a trace residue of magic (detectable with
Prime magick), they show up less readily than Talismans with a
capital "T." Most reflect their homemade origins. Crafting a
talisman, evenaminorone, callsforacertain degree of mundane
craftsmanship, which some enchanters have and some... well...

Talisman creation should flow more from story concerns
and good roleplaying than from die rolls. In game terms, you
begin the process with a ritual invocation, purifying your
workplace, meditating,
praying for guidance

the past or future
with notable in-
accuracy.

~ DIVINATION RESULTS

and consecrating your
tools. After the prepa-

Difficulty —

«a Oa ears Question rations are finished, you
the past or future Simple query/Recent events 7 epee, work on the ob-
withsomedegree Complex query/a year or more past of future 8 ae itself. one the

E 5 2 : . alisman's form is
of accuracy. Deeply hidden or distant information 9 exalted (ohiela marr'

- Protected or very distant information 10

quire a few Dexterity +

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER


Ability rolls), the item should be prepared in some special
way according to the belief or style of the magician — carved
with runes, inset with crystals, dipped in blood, blessed by the
son of a priest, etc. Useful Abilities for these tasks include
Crafts, Artistic Expression, Gunsmithing, Hunting, Traps,
Alchemy, Herbalism, Poisons, Stone Lore and Hearth Wis-
dom, depending on the purpose and manufacture of the
talisman.

After this, pick one purpose for the item. This is the
power it will have. A successful enchantment usually de-
mands a day or two of preparation per talisman level. A
simple Level One item would require only two to four days of
work, while a Fifth Level one would demand at least five. At
the end of this time, make an Intelligence + Occult roll
(difficulty is the talisman's level +4). A point of Willpower,
spent during final creation, infuses your magician's might
into the talisman.

No enchanter can create a talisman more powerful than
his Path level. If He's got four dots in Enchantment, he can
only craft talismans of four dots or less in power. Once
created, a minor talisman will work within some specified
framework, i.e., when the moon is waning, whena blind man
coughs, when the blade is drawn in anger, etc. These condi-
tions should be colorful and very specific, tied to the purpose
of the enchanter, not to general utility. Such particulars
should be described during the creation process and must be
adhered to. Each minor talisman only works a certain num-

ber of times (usually based on the number of successes rolled)
and winds up useless, if decorative, thereafter.

Minor talismans vary tremendously, from the rowan
necklace that protects against faerie magic to bones that
allow one to (hopefully!) speak to one's ancestors. Such
talismans can be used by anyone. Some potential talismans
appear below and in the Appendix, but a clever enchanter
can create her own items with a little ingenuity and a lot of
work. First, decide which single Effect the talisman contains.
From there, describe the research and development process.
A simple "I create a Level Five talisman that makes me
invisible" will not suffice! Both player and Storyteller should
check the prospective talisman to make sure that it fits the
general guidelines offered below. After a period of story-
defined time (anywhere from a few days to a year or more),
make an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 9). Success
means your enchanter has discovered the secret of enchant-
ment and can proceed as described above.

Roll: Intelligence + Occult — Costs one Willpower

Effects and Sample Talismans

A small object with tight restrictions and a limited
power, perhaps a brief addition to an Attribute or
Ability, that's never obvious as magic.

— A silver toe ring that protects its wearer from
incoming projectiles so long as she goes barefooted
(two dots of Dodge vs. missiles).

— A colored candle that grants the user some one-
time favor after it's been burned (two points of
Resources, Arcane, A\llies or Influence, depending
on the color of the candle). The Background works
once to provide a favor, then fades. Each success
creates one candle.

— A handful of grave dust that enables the user to
sleep soundly. He awakens immediately if someone
approaches him with hostile intent.

—Anoak picture frame that preserves any painting
or document placed in it for as long as the frame
remains intact. Both frame and contents must be
sealed with almond oil and sprinkled with pure
water.

A more potent version of a Level One talisman
(with an additional die or two of effect), or one that
alters reality more noticeably.

— A handful of bullets (one per success) that do
two additional dice of damage when fired from a
specially prepared gun.

— An iron nail that enables the user to cause
someone to painfully stub his toe. The nail must be
driven by an enemy into a footprint left by the
target.

—A golden charm that alerts the wearer when the
talisman maker (or some other single party) is in
danger. The charm must be sprinkled with wine
each time it is used and works once for each crafting
success.

—A rowan ring that negates any fae cantrip used to
bewitch the wearer. This works for one incident per
crafting success, granting the wearer an effective
Banality of 10 until the enchantment fades away.

The item performs some obviously unusual func-
tion. Witnesses who know anything about magic
will sense it in the air. Clueless folks will be con-
fused; how did he do that?

— A salve that heals three non-aggravated Health
Levels worth of open wounds in a matter of min-
utes. This must be applied by moonlight by someone
who loves the wounded person. Each success cre-
ates one application of balm.

— An obsidian bull torque that strengthens the
wearer once after it is bloodied (three points of
Strength that last for one scene per success after
blood is wiped across it).

— A handkerchief that wipes away any normal
thing it is used to clean (blood, ink, spilled food,
fingerprints). The user must hum softly while mop-
ping up. This works once for every success rolled
during creation.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


With a talisman of this caliber, the user can defy a
fair amount of conventional reality, albeit with
some restrictions. If these limits are ignored, the
magic is ineffective.

— Bones that allow the user to contact the person.
they came from. Note that this isn't always success-
ful! If it is, however, the user can ask one question
per creation success. Whether or not the ghost
answers accurately is the spirit's (and Storyteller')
prerogative, but it will answer if it can. These bones
work only three times, then crumble to dust.

— A book that translates anything written in it into
the reader's native language. This book must be
sprinkled with paper ash before the magic works. The
translation effect works once per creation success,
then reverts to the original language set down.

— A knife that stabs directly for the heart when
used. This inflicts Strength + five dice of damage,
and can be thrown. The blade must first be drawn in
hot anger and washed afterward in fresh blood.
Works once per success.

Items this potent are rare and unpredictable. In
places where the people refuse to believe in magic,
such items might fail completely. Nevertheless,
they work some wonder that obviously defies the
seeming order of things.

— A black cloak that softens the user's footsteps,
even if he walks across a squeaky floor. While using
this magic's, the wearer is effectively silent unless
he speaks aloud. Silver threads must be sewn into
this garment; they break and fall away after the
magic expires.

— An exquisite piano that plays beautifully for any-
one who strokes its keys, even if she knows nothing
about music. A prayer to the nine Muses (by name!)
must be recited before the piano will play.

— A brass amulet that protects the bearer from
detection and observation by magickal means. This
amulet of the mists obscures its bearer from the flow
of magickal energies (adds four to the difficulty of
any roll made to locate the wearer magickally). The
user must first answer an enigma before the amulet
will protect him. This veil lasts a number of weeks
equal to the creator's successes.

Disasters: Botching a creation roll can be a bad thing.
Many an enchanter has disappeared in a sudden conflagra-
tion caused by something as prosaic as an untimely sneeze or
a misread passage in his alchemical notes. Obviously, talis-
man creation is not a quick and easy art! Failed rolls render
the item useless; botched castings can turn a beneficial
talisman into a cursed one, blow the laboratory to bits, drain
the caster's life into the item (one Health Level in damage
per "1" rolled), or make other horrible things happen.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

EPHEMERA

Since the days when flesh and spirit separated, mystics and
spirits have longed to reach the other side. Talented people —
mediums — can learn the Art of the Living Bridge — the Path
that turns a sorcerer into a doorway between worlds.

This Path allows you to reach across the Gauntlet or
Shroud and contact spirits or ghosts. Since most people, even
mediums, assume that all spirits are more or less the same (they
aren't), this can bea risky proposition. Fortunately, this body of
occult lore includes a number of safeguards so that when the
worst does happen, you have something to fall back on.

Ephemera's learning curve is steep; the early steps of this
Path are dangerous but unavoidable. Amateur mediums get
themselves in trouble by confusing Banes with ghosts, or name-
less Spectres for ghostly loved ones. Less of an art than a shot in
the dark, Ephemera shows you the way, but does not teach you
how to walk it. That knowledge comes only with experience.

If your talents lie in this direction, the Ephemera Path
allows you to put them to good use. As a medium, you open
yourself up to the spirits — becoming, in effect, their conduit
into the material world. In story terms, you abandon most of
your self-control and allow the entity to take over. In Wraith
terms, you become a temporary Consort for a ghost with the
Puppetry Arcanos; as long as you both stay in touch with
each other, the ghost uses your body for its own purposes. In
Werewolf terms, you make yourself available to a nature
spirit with the Possession Charm (see Werewolf's Chapter
Seven, Mage's Chapter Nine, or The Book of Madness'
Appendix), lowering your effective Willpower by two points
so that the spirit can have an easier time getting into your
skin. Spirits have minds of their own, though, and many of
them (especially angry ghosts) take advantage of the "ar-
rangement."

Thankfully, this Path includesa few defensive Rituals in case
the spirits get nasty. Wise mediums are versed in the practices of
Warding and Forbiddence (Wraith, pages 287-289). Each of
these counts as a Level One Ritual and has the following system
effects:

© Warding protects an area from ghostly intrusion. By
using some precautionary charm (an intricate chant, aprayer,
painted sigils, iron nails, sprinkled salt, smudging with in-
cense), spending a point of Willpower, and rolling same vs.
difficulty 7, you can block wraiths from entering an area for
a certain period of time:

_ Ward Successes
One
Two
Three
~ Four

Duration
One hour
One day
One week
One month

Three months

Five


¢ Forbiddance immediately drives a wraith
from the area. By rolling successfully (Willpower vs.
difficulty 7), you can push a ghost out of your sight.
A willful wraith can oppose this Ritual by spending
one of its own Willpower per success, but until
you've left the area, he has to stay away himself.

Nature spirits are more direct, if more prob-
lematic, to deal with. With the Banishment and
Seal Rituals (Level Two), you can try to Forbid,

Ward or, with Dolor (Level Three), actually harm

a natural spirit. This last tactic uses your Willpower

rating as a weapon. Each successful Wits + Enigmas

roll takes a figurative chunk out of the spirit, subtract-

ing one point of your adversary's Power for each success

you win. A strong spirit probably won't be impressed, but

a weaker one may be wounded or even destroyed if your
luck and Willpower hold out. Despite these Rituals, throw-
ing your weight around is not a safe proposition, as the spirits
often fight back. Mediums tend to have high Willpower
scores!

Persuasion is often more effective than force. To estab-
lish contact, roll your Charisma + Enigmas while calling out
to the spirits in the area. A number of helpers (see "Team-
work") can lower the initial difficulty, too. If you're trying to
reach a ghost, it helps to have a Fetter or Haunt nearby —

you're more likely to reach your quarry if you have something
precious to her nearby.

Locating the ghost or spirit usually requires an extended
roll (see below). Once you've found the spirit you're looking
for (or at least think you've found her!), you state your case
and try to win her over. There isn't anything special about
the systems for this point of the game — simply roleplay out
the talk. Such meetings ought to be a hell of a lot weirder
than your average conversation, though! Spirits, even ones
that began as people, have unsettling perspectives.

Many dead souls are beyond contact — they've passed
on to places the greatest medium cannot reach. Those who
can be called back may be summoned with an extended roll
of as many successes as the Storyteller sees fit. Contacting
your brother in the city where he died last year would demand
less work than finding a Colombian bishop killed in the
1970s. The Storyteller should decide whether or not the
ghost has passed beyond mortal reach, though the truth
should remain a secret from the players. An ill-intentioned
spirit might masquerade as the ghost the medium wanted to
meet, and this could cause all kinds of fun.

Unlike other Paths, the difficulty of reaching
s the barrier goes down with each level,

. A medium
with one dot in Ephemera works
against difficulty 9 and cannot
actually communicate with any-
thing other than human ghosts

acto
while your ability increases

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


(and then only if they wish to be spoken to). This goes down
by one step per dot, to a final difficulty of 5, but cannot go
lower than 3. As a medium's skill grows, she can speak with
natural spirits, see into the Penumbra (but not pass through)
and seek out specific entities.

Several Traits are especially appropriate to medium
characters. Enigmas and Spirit Lore are essentially required
(although the latter cannot be bought during creation — it
must be learned the hard way). Occult, Subterfuge, Aware-
ness, Cosmology and Intimidation are very helpful. The
Merit/Flaw Spirit Magnet is common, as are the Haunted,
Guardian Angel and Spirit Mentor permutations. Charac-
ters with the Shapeshifter Kinfolk or Medium Merits reduce
all Ephemera difficulties by one. Spirits, it should be known,
and terrible enemies! Behave.

make good allies
Roll: Charisma + Enigmas
Effects

° You can feel the spirits moving and even get their

No Willpower cost

attention with a successful roll. What they do is up
to them. This is a dangerous but necessary phase in
a medium's Path.

You can distinguish between spirits, and may call
up specific ones if you know how. If things get out
of hand, you can try to dismiss what you have
called.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

When you speak, something always comes. With

luck, you can address it, befriend it or dismiss it. If

you want to personally address a particular spirit,

you can try at this level.

¢eee —Youcan pierce the veil between worlds and actually

see and hear those ephemera around you. Most

spirits respect you for your insight and ability. Some

show up even when you don't call...

eeeee The spirits of nature and the dead know your name
and often come when you call. You can hurt those
who displease you and dismiss those who offend
you.

¢eeeeeYou may cross the line in the other direction,
entering the spirit world in an astral form. Leaving
your body behind, your spirit travels into the Pen-
umbra or Shadowlands; Physical Traits become
Mental and Social ones — Wits replaces Dexterity,

trength and Intelligence

serves as Stamina. Connected to your mortal form

as

Manipulation serves

by asilver cord (which may be snapped by a spirit or
wraith, stranding you in the spirit world), you
traverse the Penumbra. Your Willpower rating be-
comes your Health Level rating; when you're
dropped to 0 Willpower, the precious silver cord
snaps...


Rituals

(Each type costs three points; until you reach the proper
level, however, you may not buy a given Ritual. Example:
Randi Marsellia, a medium with Ephemera 2, cannot acquire
a Level Three Ritual until she reaches Ephemera 3.)

Level One: Call Ghost, Ward, Forbiddence

Level Two: See Ghost, Call Naturae, See Naturae,
Seal, Banishment

Level Three: Gossip (allows the medium to "spread
the word" around her chosen contacts), Dolor

Level Four: Grasp (medium becomes a Fetter fora
chosen wraith for seven days), Command (medium can order
aminor nature spirit to do one task and expect to be obeyed),
Deny the Veil (allows medium to see into the Penumbra;
actually two separate Rituals, as one grants a view of the
Shadowlands and the other a look into the nature spirit
world)

Level Five: Distant Call (Medium can attempt to
speak briefly to one who has passed on to some afterlife or
punishment. This works within Storyteller's discretion)

Disasters: Dealing with the spirits (ghosts or otherwise)
is always perilous. Letting them possess you is a major leap of
faith, and a mistake can be eternal. Failed rolls still have bad
consequences — the wrong spirits can and occasionally do
answer fumbled calls. A botched seance might open the door
for evil spirits — Spectres, Banes, even minor demons.
Remember The Exorcist...?

FASCINATION

"Bewitching" reassumes its old meaning when this art
comes into play. Many people once feared that a witch could
steal their souls; to a degree, they were right. By working the
charms and bindings of the Fascination Path, youcan shackle
the will of another and bring him to your side.

Spells from this Path take several forms. The most
obvious domination flows directly from the sorcerer to her
target; a more devious route travels through an amulet,
charm or potion that the witch gives to a third party, either
tocarry or to use. The most insidious weaving carries through
the air, unseen and undetected. One moment the target is
himself; the next, he belongs to the enchantress, or to her
client.

"Client" is the best term for a person who hires a
Fascination sorcerer. Many sorcerers make good livings by
weaving entrapment spells for third parties — would-be
lovers, business rivals, political conspirators and so forth.
While folklore exaggerates the power of willbinding, there's
no doubting its effectiveness. That control doesn't usually
last forever, but it often gets the job done, at least for a while.

Bewitchment takes a multitude of forms; some enchanters
enhance their physical beauty or instill themselves (or their
clients) with confidence or guile, while others channel a mystic
snare into some object or concoction. The doll impregnated
with personal effects; the spell woven from words, hair and
helpful spirits; the love philter; sweet glance or pillow book —
all are classic examples of Fascination at work. Either form
requires a ritual beforehand to set the spell in motion. A
"glamour" spell is easy: The enchantress simply performs some
personal rite upon herself, calling upon whatever powers she
employs to make her more impressive. In the case of aclient, she
works the magic on her patron instead. The client collects the
benefits, the sorcerer collects her fee, and the magic works ina
general way; everyone the subject meets falls under her spell.

Anenchantment against a specific person is a bit more
difficult: Raising a connection between the caster and her
subject, the binder employs bits of the victim's hair, nails,
skin or bodily fluids, conjures whatever mystic energies she
prefers, and performs some "knotting" rite. This could in-
volve braiding the hair into a circle, making a doll with blood
and clay, mixing semen into a potion, etc. — that chains the
subject to the caster, her client or an object. If there's a third
party involved, the sorcerer must include some bit of him (or
it) in the spell. If the caster succeeds, she snares her prey.

Once set in motion, Fascination creates a bond of influ-
ence. As the enchanter, you'll garner a certain amount of
influence, either for yourself or for yourclient. Depending on the
nature of the spell, that attention may come from several people
or from a single, lovetorn sap. The more specific the spell, the
more powerful its effects; a roomful of people may notice a
literally fascinating person, butaguy whohas been linked to that
same person by a magical thread may find it impossible to ignore
her. Both kinds of influence have their downsides, of course; a
charismatic individual stands out whether she wants to or not,
and may receive unwanted attention, too. An entrapped man
might fawn on his beloved, but he'll obsess over her, too. That
could get unhealthy... very unhealthy for both parties.

In game terms, you roll an appropriate Social Trait +
your Occult Knowledge whenever you cast a Fascination
spell. That Trait depends on the method you've chosen to
employ, and the roll is the same whether you cast the spell on
yourself or on your client. Generally, such spells play on that
client's best features; if she's attractive, the Fascination may
enhance that beauty (Appearance); if she gets her way
through cunning, a Manipulation-based spell might work
better; if force of personality is her sttong point, a wise
sorcerer will play to that strength (Charisma). Each en-
chantment is woven especially for the circumstances,
however; if the extraordinarily attractive Lilavati Chandra
prefers to emphasize her wiles over her looks, her player
simply rolls Manipulation rather than Appearance.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


General enchantments don't actually alter your physi-
cal features or make you more sociable; instead, they "blend
the edges," setting you in your best light. People see you
differently — you don't change, their perceptions of you do.
Specific Fascinations work differently, snaking into your
subject's heart and wrapping it up in a package. Since both
types seek different results, each form of Fascination works
differently. To be proficient in one type, buy the Path
normally and specify your specialty; To be an accomplished
enchanter, pay an additional three points and purchase both
forms. The two types cannot be combined.

© General Enchantment: With this form, you attract
attention from a large group of people. None of them will be
especially bound to you, but they'll become very attentive to
your desires. Infatuation, loyalty, respect, lust, even fear —
folks feel what you want them to feel until the spell wears off.

A general Fascination's effects depend on the sorcerer's
skill. Setting things in motion requires a (Social Trait) +
Occult roll. If you're playing Fairy Godmother to some other
character's Cinderella, roll her (Social Trait) + your Occult
rating. The difficulty is normal (Path Level + 4), although a
good Social roll or really appropriate circumstances might
lower that number by one to three places. The better the roll,
the longer the magic — and the Dice Pool bonus — lingers
(one hour per success rolled). Note that a large Dice Pool is
a double-edged blade; a really impressive person can make a
really memorable mistake.

Path Rank Effects

° You make an impression; add one die to your Social
Dice Pools.

ee You cause a stir; add two dice.

You've got them in the palm of your hand; add three
dice.
Everyone wants to be where you are; add four dice.
© You sway the multitudes; add five dice.
© When you want to be, youcan becomea legend; add
six dice.

© Specific Fascination: One person is chosen to become
your slave (or your client's plaything). As itsays above, you'll
need some of the victim's personal effects in order to work
this enchantment. When the spell is cast, roll your (Social
Trait + Occult) against your target's Willpower, or roll the
client's Social Trait + your Occult if you're setting things up
on another's behalf. The successes you win determine the
effectiveness of your enchantment (one roll only):

Effects

A turn of the head; subject's attracted to you.
Immediate attention; subject makes a point to be
around you.
Infatuation; subject goes out of his way for you.
Lasting love; subject will sacrifice a lot to please
you.

Successes
One
Two

Three
Four

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Obsession; subject does anything to be near you.
Virtual ownership; subject will do whatever you
ask.

To resist being Fascinated this way, the target rolls his
Willpower against your Path Level + 4. Each success reduces
your influence by one level, but under most circumstances,
he may only roll once, when the casting takes place. If you're
abusive or demand really unreasonable things (shoot a cop,
give me your gold card, etc.), your paramour immediately gets
another roll. If he succeeds, the Fascination breaks com-
pletely right then and there. Naturally, "abusive" and
"unreasonable" are pretty subjective; a man with low self-
esteem might take an awful lot from his "beloved" before
cracking, anda smitten gangster might be perfectly willing to
shoot a cop if you ask him nicely. The breaking point will
depend a lot on the characters and their relationship up until
then. Unless this Fascination is dispelled, it lasts until some
event breaks it.

Certain people are immune to this Path's effects. Char-
acters with similar mind-influencing powers (Domination,
Presence, Dementation, Psychic Phenomena, the Mind
Sphere, etc.) can wave Fascination away without effort,
while innately mystical creatures (shapechangers, faeries,
etc.) can counter the spell with Rage, Glamour or Quintes-
sence if they care to (each point reduces the enchantment by
one level). A Blood Bound character will never turn against
her previous master, though she might be Fascinated by
someone else for a short while. Spirits, ghosts and inhuman.
creatures are totally unimpressed; they might look fondly
upon a charming mortal, but cannot be drawn in by this
magical bond.

A general Fascination spell can be easily undone; you
perform some "smothering" action (a hood thrown over the
enchanted one's face, a whispered unweaving spell, a denial
of the subject's beauty, etc.) to undo your own enchantment.
Breaking a specific charm is much harder; a new spell, similar
to the first, must be woven with many of the same materials
as the first. Even then, the affected person makes a Will-
power roll to resist the second rite; if he succeeds, the spell
remains in effect, even if all parties concerned want it
broken!

Outside parties can break an entrancement if they've
got the skills to do so. A character with this Path (or any of
the aforementioned mental powers) can detect a Fascination
spell placed on another person by making a Perception +
Occult roll (difficulty 8). From there, he might be able to
dispel it by placing a counter-command on the Fascinated
party (all normal rolls apply). Five successes or more breaks
the sorcerer's hold over the victim. To reassert control, the
enchantress might appeal to her thrall with a psychic push
through the existing bond (Manipulation + Occult, diffi-

Five
Six +

culty 6). This effort, which can be done only if the enchant-
ress is present, acts like a soak roll against the meddler's
attempts. Whoever wins this roll wins the victim — for now.

Despite the sexual connotations of the Path, Fascina-
tion is more a matter of heart than hormones. The entrancee
simply wants to please — and possibly to possess — the
entrancer. Depending on the personalities involved, the
goals of the entrancer and the activities they pursue together,
the bond may or may not be sexual. Since many people
equate intense desire with sexual attraction, the spell might
raise a few unexpected issues, too; a CPO who commissions
you to make his underlings loyal to him could discover that
many of them — including the men — suddenly have
crushes on him, too. This is the nature of magic: to set forces
in motion. Where they go once they're released is out of the
enchanter's hands.

Roll: (Social Trait) + Occult No Willpower cost

Effects: See above.

Disasters: This sort of magic can go wrong in several
ways: You might end up looking really horrible and get the
opposite of what you wanted (reverse the planned effects);
you could fry your victim's mind and end up stuck with a
besotted lapdog; other people could get jealous (homicidal,
even); or your target could simply snap and decide to keep
you safe forever — even if it meant killing you to do so.

HEALING

This Path allows you to quell pain or even heal illnesses
or small injuries. Such Healing is not a miracle cure-all. It
takes a long time to treat an illness or injury and longer still
for the patient to fully heal. Even the simplest magics,
though, can ease pain for as long as you've got your hands on
the ailment, and the risk of infection drops greatly when
you're working on a wound.

Healing magicians usually need some form of Medicine
Knowledge, though that Ability need not be Western medi-
cine (in fact, it's usually more effective when it's not).
Meditation, needles, chanting, massage, herbs and foul-
smelling brews are common ritual tools. Some healers believe
that medicine is simply a matter of contacting (or driving
out) the right spirits, while others insist that internal energy
must be guided around an obstruction. If you've chosen to
run a healer character, you ought to decide what her magical
and medicinal outlook is before the game begins.

Healing isn't quick or easy. This Path saps a certain
amount of energy from the healer — it's easy to burn yourself
out by healing too much too quickly. Magical healers often
have a strong sense of duty and compassion, and the traumas
of the World of Darkness often use up such people long before
their time.

This Path cannot heal aggravated wounds.

Effects

Roll: Manipulation + Intuition

Costs one Willpower per illness or injury
. You can soothe a headache, backache or other

minor pain. The ailment doesn't go away, but your
patient feels better for a while.

oe Sprains, migraine headaches, flu, minor infections
— you can speed the healing process by 50% or
more with a little work.
A cure for the common cold! Broken bones and
nasty wounds heal twice as fast as they would
normally and without infection. You can help an
Incapacitated character to her feet and get her
moving, though you cannot heal the injuries.
Chronic diseases (asthma, arthritis, diabetes, etc.)
are not beyond your care, although healing them
will take hours or weeks. Broken bones and severe
trauma heal 50% faster than normal, and your
touch banishes all but the worst pain.
With effort, you can cure deadly conditions (AIDS,
cancer, meningitis, stroke), though it takes a lot out
of you and requires weeks of treatment. When these
diseases go, they're gone for good. Broken bones
and major trauma heal in one to three weeks of care,
and infection poses no risk as long as you're on the
job.

HELLFIRE

As its name implies, this Path comes from sinister
places. At the very least, it taps into the most destructive
aspects of the elements or the gods. In most perspectives,
however, this art comes from the Infernal Realms, from
malicious spirits and tempter demons. The arts of Hellfire are
simple, direct and messy. The magician who understands
them receives respect, suspicion and fear.

If you happen to be that sorcerer, this Path allows you to
summon violent elemental attacks — firestorms, lightning
bolts, sleet, earthquakes, clouds of deadly smoke or other
phenomena. Each variety requires a different Ritual; in game
terms, it costs three points to buy each different kind of
elemental attack, though you get the first for free when you
buy the Path. Each variety inflicts a certain amount of
damage but carries special effects of its own:

Earthquake: The ground cracks open, swallows target
and crushes him for the damage indicated. He'll have to dig his
way out afterward (Strength roll against difficulty 6 until he's
free). Normal damage.

¢ Fire: An explosion engulfs the target; after the blast,
the fire burns, inflicting half the usual damage, for one turn
per caster's success. Aggravated damage.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


© Lighting: A sudden arc of electricity fries the target.
Any conductive material (metal, water, wires, etc.) shares
the damage with whoever happens to be connected to the
target. Aggravated damage.

Rust: Any ferrous-metal object on the target suddenly
rots. This effect destroys up to five pounds of metal per
caster's success. No damage to living targets.

* Sleet: A blinding sheet of freezing water slashes across
the target, inflicting the damage indicated unless he's wear-
ing some kind of insulation or is otherwise immune to the
cold. Normal damage.

© Smoke: A thick, noxious cloud fills the area. Every-
one within 10 feet per caster's success takes one Health
Level's worth of aggravated damage unless they've got some
sort of protection or (like vampires) do not need to breathe.
This lasts until the damage level is reached (two turnsat level
one, six turns at level five, etc.). Aggravated damage to living
targets.

© Tanglewoods: Any living plants or dead wood suddenly
lashes out, throwing splinters or thorns into the target. A lucky
magician might be able to stake a vampire this way, but it'sa really
difficult proposition (five successes, difficulty 9). If the target
happens to be standing amid thick vines or brush, the plants drag
him down and wrap him up (Strength roll, difficulty 7, to escape).
Normal damage.

© Drowning Tide: Requires a large body of water; a
strong current or sudden wave drags the target down, forcing
water into his lungs or battering his body (and boat, if he has
one) for the damage indicated. (See drowning rules in the
main rulebooks.) To escape, he'll have to fight his way out
(Strength roll, difficulty 8). This lasts until the target escapes
or dies. Normal damage.

© Dust Storm: A blinding cloud of dirt whirls through
the area, scouring everyone within 20 feet per success for one
turn per Path level. Although this dust inflicts half the usual
damage, all living (or undead) creatures in the cloud get
blinded for one turn per success. Normal damage.

Hitting a moving target requires a Dexterity + Melee roll
(difficulty 7); striking an area lowers the difficulty to 5 but
offers the subject a chance to escape (see "Hitting a Target").
The difficulty might be reduced if the subject is standing
right in the middle of a briar patch, wading in the ocean,
walking through a desert, or otherwise surrounded by the
element in question.

Hellfire's a risky Path to pursue — casters are not
immune to their own elemental spells, and most societies
consider Hellfire to be black magic. Many Hellfire ceremo-
nies involve blood sacrifice, corrosive concoctions,
blasphemous incantations or favors to violent spirits, in
addition to samples of the element in question. It's also worth
noting that such magics still demand the same ritual prepa-
rations that other spells require. If you want to use these arts
in combat, it's a good idea to plan ahead.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Roll: Manipulation + Occult Costs one Willpower
Effects
Two dice of damage
Three dice of damage
Four dice of damage
¢ Five dice of damage
ee Six dice of damage
eeeeeeFight dice of damage
Disasters: Isn't it obvious? The attack rebounds on you.
A failed roll does nothing; a botched one sends the element
back in the caster's face, inflicting the usual damage.

HERBALISM/BREWING

This elemental Path allows you to brew natural ingredi-
ents into potions, salves, oils, incense, poultices, stews and
powders with real potency. It requires the Herbalism Knowl-
edge to perform and usually involves dozens of harvested
materials — plants, mosses, grains, molds, earth and some-
times bodily fluids or remains, depending on the herbalist's
practices.

Many herbalists believe that the magic they work comes
through an affinity with the innate power of living things.
Most dispute the concept of will-driven magic, arguing that
all things have powerful properties (or inner spirits), essences
that must be respected. Herbal magic is not simple enchant-
ment — it is a relationship between the wise one and the
Earth.

Like the Enchantment Path, magical Herbalism de-
mands a certain investment of time, effort and material.
Only the right ingredients will do! The basic system for
herbal magics works the same ways as Enchantments, but the
concoctions take longer to prepare. Each level of Effect
demands two to four days of harvesting, sorting, mixing and
aging before the results can be achieved. This time can be
reduced by a well-stocked pantry or ready garden, but will
almost never drop below one day per level. These things take
time, dearie!

Herbal concoctions are usually good for a single use and
a single purpose. The potency of the broth, salve or brew
depends on the herbalist's successes (Intelligence +
Herbalism). A single success indicates a bitter batch that's
only marginally effective, while four or more indicate an
especially enticing bit of work with double potency and a
pleasing form. Victims of the darker variety of Herbalism
should be allowed to resist the Effect by rolling their Stamina
(or Willpower) against the herbalist's successes.

Because of the slow and subtle nature of herbal and
brewing magics, their exact Effects are better left to stories
than to systems. We encourage you to devise your own
recipes, using the samples below as guidelines.


Roll: Intelligence + Herbalism No Willpower cost

Effects
You may concoct poultices and brews that cure
minor aches or rashes, induce or prevent sleep,
alleviate symptoms ofslight illnesses, preserve foods
when they would otherwise spoil, and other minor
effects that would never be considered magic.
Atthis level, your creations can quickly cure minor
illnesses and pains, avert or confer pregnancy with
100% certainty, radically alter a person's mood,
discourage or attract animals or insects, induce or
cure intoxication with a few sips, and other notice-
able effects that, while not apparently magical,
seem remarkable.
These potent concoctions can put people to sleep
with a pinch, reduce the effects of deadly poisons
and serious illnesses, speed recovery of open wounds
and broken bones by 50% or more, put folks into
light trances or randy moods, and perform other
obviously unusual functions with amazing speed.
Brews and items created with this level of Herbalism
can accomplish some obviously unearthly things —
adding one or two dots to a Physical or Social Trait
for a scene, clearing up an infection in a few min-
utes, aid recovery from life-threatening illnesses
and such. Obviously, these effects are subject to
both accepted local reality and Storyteller judg-
ment; they are not sudden, flashy or long-lasting.
These are the magic brews of legend — sleeping
potions, love oils, deadly poisons, healing salves,
instant cures, all-night aphrodisiacs, flying oint-
ments and other impossible (or at least improbable)
solutions. Such potions, if they work, allow the
imbiber to defy conventional reality for a scene or
two. Like Curses, the reality such concoctions dis-
place is open to interpretation. Did this person
really fly, or did she just think she did? Did the apple
kill her, or was there strychnine in the apple?
Players should not merely drink some potion and
turn into swans — the effects of the mightiest
herbal arts remain subtle and subjective.

SHADOWS

The art of deceit has always proved rewarding. Building
on the idea that shadows conceal the truth, black magicians
crafted this mysterious Path, a discipline that reworks light
and sound to hide the magician or his treasures.

By making a servitor of darkness, you may hide yourself,
your friends or your property from casual inspection, or drive
ahelpless target to distraction and possibly to madness. This
is not, shall we say, a holy art; tales claim that demons helped

lay this Path, and that they guard it still. Magicians who
make soul pacts (see page 83) often receive the Path of
Shadowsas their first "gift"; by learning to deceive, they open
themselves to greater forms of corruption.

Reflecting their sinister origins, Shadow castings often
demand blood, dust, bone, tears ora combination of themall.
Dark magicians call upon their patron spirits, urging them to
conceal the spellcaster's secrets, and sprinkle the subject
with appropriate "blessings." As the shadows obey, the room
grows darker. Sounds blur into muddles, like whispering
currents of half-hidden noises. If the magician prefers to
distract rather than to conceal, he sends this muddle settling
over his target's head; if he elects to hide, those impressions
smear all observations. This blurring extends to machines;
film fogs, tapes crackle and hiss, video recorders skip and
lights dim slightly. The shadows swallow all.

In game terms, you simply make the appropriate roll.
The effect lasts roughly two turns (or two minutes) per
success and travels with the subject of the spell. You may cast
that spell upon any appropriate party (see below), or upon
yourself. To peer through the shadows, an observer must
make a successful Perception + Occult roll (difficulty =
caster's Path rating + 4), or must possess some mystical
perception (Level One Sphere magick, the Clear Sight
Merit, vampiric Auspex, etc.).

Roll: Manipulation + Stealth No Willpower cost

Effects

By shifting sounds or shadows nearby, you can
distract another person — she sees things "out of
the corner of her eye" or hears "faint murmurings in
the distance." By casting the spell on yourself, you
may "blur your edges," making it harder to recognize
you for who you are (add one die to Arcane, Dis-
guise, Intimidation or Stealth Dice Pools). This
level affects one person or human-sized object.

By "bending" the local shadows or sound waves,

you may disguise yourself to some degree, baffle your
words or cause the surrounding darkness to rise.
Things get eerie when this magic kicks in; lights
fade, shadows deepen, sounds become watery and
indistinct. If such spells are cast out of malice
against another person, that victim's mind begins
playing tricks on her. If cast on yourself, this magic
allows you to add two dice to Dice Pools involving
Arcane, Disguise, Intimidation or Stealth.
As above, but more unsettling; darkness seems to
rise, colors seem to fade and sounds become mere
bleats and thumps. A victim may need to make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to avoid minor panic.
If you've cast this magic to conceal something, add
three dice to the appropriate Dice Pools.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


The shadows may swallow two or three people or
one large object. Sounds become completely indis-
tinct and local cameras and recorders malfunction.
Unless a victim succeeds with her Willpower roll
(difficulty 8), she breaks intoa panic attack (orfear-
frenzy, if appropriate). Engulfed in darkness, you
add four dice to Arcane, Intimidation or Stealth
rolls under the right conditions; the swelling black
cloud around you makes you stand out unless the
area was dark to begin with.

By twisting shadows and sounds, you may drive your
target to distraction or even insanity, or conceal
yourself from mortal sight. A victim who fails her
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) becomes a terrified
heap, shivering and weeping until the spell effects
fade. If she was afraid of the dark in the first place,
she might need extended psychiatric care. Any
person(s) or objects within the cloud of darkness
become totally invisible unless some form of mysti-
cal sight penetrates the gloom. Mundane technology
simply fails until the magic ends.

Everything within 50 feet or so goes black and stays
that way until the spell ends. This does not work in
direct sunlight.

Disasters: An unsuccessful sorcerer may ruin his own
perceptions. A botched roll drops the Path's unsettling
effects down around the caster's head, muddling his vision
until the spell runs its course. Some tales speak of shadow-
demons that emerge from conjured darkness to strangle the
sorcerer responsible. Given the left-hand origins of this Path,
such a fate would not be inappropriate...

SHAPESHIFTING

The ancient providence of witches and shamans, the so-
called "animal art" allows you to take beast form for short
periods of time. Spells for doing this sort of thing usually
involve prayers to the animals spirits, skins, bones or body
parts from the beast in question, body painting or other
decorations, and trance states from which you awaken as an
animal.

According to most mythologies, humans once were
animals themselves, or were closely related to them at the
very least. Some great act —an original sin or a god's blessing
— moved the humans down a slightly different track, but
most cultures still reserve a bit of respect for their animal
cousins. A magician who masters the tricky art of beast-
magic can turn back the clock, stepping into the form of her

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

brothers. It's a difficult art to study, and it certainly leaves its
mark on you; for those with the talent and dedication,
however, the animal craft becomes a passion.

Shapeshifters tend to be wild-looking people, abrupt
and direct about their needs and shameless about fulfilling
them. The more experienced the shapechanger becomes, the
more animalistic she grows. As the line between human and
beast thins, most "normal" people either shy away from the
magician or attracted by her, literally, animal magnetism. If
you choose to follow the Beast Path, you ought to reflect the
changes that the art works upon your character.

Learning this art requires intense study — study of
animals, of other people, of bodies, minds and emotions.
Before you can shift between forms, you must understand the
creatures you want to become. This bond often leads to an
odd combination of empathy and remove: On one hand, you
can look out at yourself from behind an endless set of eyes and
empathize with all kinds of beings. On the other hand,
though, you eventually understand the pragmatic, unsenti-
mental viewpoint the animals share. To a beast, life just is.
Things happen; things pass. It's not always pleasant, but it
happens and then one day you die. Animals don't worry
about the things we humans consider so important; after a
while, a master shapeshifter doesn't, either.

In game terms, this art's pretty straightforward; a suc-
cessful roll transforms you into an altered shape. At lower
levels, those changes are limited and superficial; as you
advance, the alterations grow more distinct until you achieve
actual transformation. This costs one Willpower point each
time the shift occurs, and demands total concentration.

Although most magicians retain their own minds while
assuminga beast-shape, some risk still exists. Upon achieving an
animal state, you must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to
keep your own mind. A failed roll sends you into beast mode.
Every morning, you can make another Willpower roll at +1
difficulty per day. Some people never make itback, but that's the
price of magic...

As a side effect, you gain one additional Social die for
each Path Level you attain; this die reflects your connection
to your primal nature, and is especially handy during fights,
seductions or bonding sessions with real animals. A really
accomplished shapeshifter might also make small changes in
her Physical Traits, reflecting her body mastery. The extra
Social dice cost nothing to employ; additional Physical dots
cost one Willpower point and require a small, quick spell to
set in motion.

(Animal Traits can be found in the following books:
The Vampire Players Guide, The Book of Mirrors: The
Mage Storyteller's Guide, Ways of the Wolf and The Dark
Ages Companion.)


Roll: Stamina + Occult
Costs one Willpower point to shift,
another to return to normal
Effects
You may alter one minor physi-
cal feature (eye color, skin color,
nose shape, hair length, etc.)
You can change one major fea-
ture (height, weight, build), or
several minor ones.
Youmight make oddalterations
to yourself (grow claws, see in
the dark, leap great distances)
that normal humans can't pos-
sess. At this level, you can also
add one dot to some Physical
Trait.
You may transform into one particular animal shape
(cat, hawk, wolf, etc.) and acquire its natural
abilities. At this level, you may also add two
dots to your Physical Traits.
Any normal modern animal (no
gargoyles, dinosaurs, dragons,
etc.) can be your new shape for
a limited time. The sizes range
from mouse to elephant — no
larger, no smaller. You may also
add three dots to your Physical
Traits.
@¢e¢e¢eeAny animal you can study,
you can become.
Disasters: Failing a Shapeshifting
roll changes nothing; you're still the per-
son you were when you closed your eyes.
Gods help you if you botch, however. Youmight
assume some unexpected feature (whiskers, a
snout, excessive hair, etc.), lose your mind (see
above) or lapse into a frenzy (see the Vampire or
Werewolf rules for specific game effects).

SUMMONING, BINDING AND
WARDING

The most dangerous kind of magic, Summon-
ing Path rites draw forth creatures—from rats or

birds to vampires or werewolves—, guard against

» im Me (ie ie ae ie, ae aa ae

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


them, or press them into service. It's a complicated Path,
loaded with precautions and Rituals, and even under the best
of circumstances, it creates lifelong enemies.

As with any other form of Hedge Magic, there are
multitudes of Summoning styles, from simple pagan appeals
to the creatures of the goddess to elaborate medieval rituals,
Aboriginal soul-snarings and modern black magic compul-
sions. Few such spells are designed with politeness in mind;
most order some being to appear, bind him magically when
he does, and keep him at arm's length until he does what you
want him to do. The style of magic and outlook of the
magician will have plenty todo with the Summoned creature's
disposition — and its desire for revenge.

Most Summoning Rituals require long preparations.
You don't want to compel something, especially something
powerful, to appear without covering your ass first. Th
protections require different Rituals (see "Rituals") — a
separate one for each different kind of being. After these
Wards are laid, the Summoning begins. This too requires a
specific Ritual; one cannot Ward against a dog, then Sum-
mon a vampire. Finally, when the creature does arrive, a
Binding may be laid to force some kind of service. A Minor
Binding merely requires one task to be performed before the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Binding dissipates. A Major Binding compels servitude until
some condition is met, and usually creates an eternal grudge.
No one, not even an animal, likes being forced into service.
Some magicians prefer to use only Wards or Summonings
to protect themselves or to call upon aid. Only a fool would
dare to lay a Binding without protection, although some
sorcerers have tried. Dismissal Rituals offer the magician
some sort of compromise. If the rite is successful, the Sum-
moned being will leave in peace — for the moment, at least.
The forms these Rituals take can range from dancing around
aconsecrated mound to human sacrifice, bended-knee prayers
or intricate circles that take days to engrave. Players and
Storytellers should play such ceremonies to the dramatic
hilt. Calling a creature and compelling it to obey is strong
magic indeed.
The bare-bones systems for such actions work as follows:
© Warding: The magician lays some sort of Ward (a
pentacle, a triangle of salt, an offering of food and good
liquor, gold, herbs, a plate of wolfsbane and blood, etc.) and
rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty is the Path's level + 4). The
target of the Ward will have to spend one Willpower per the

magician's success to enter the area protected. A Ward lasts


for one scene per success. A fair but devious Storyteller might
make the Ward roll herself, leaving the magician to wonder
whether or not his Ward will hold!

This Ritual acts like countermagick (one die per suc-
cess) or reduces any incoming Gift or Discipline by one dot
of effect for every one of the wizard's successes. Wards do not,
however, restrict gunfire.

© Summoning: After a long series of recitations,
entreaties and preparations, the wizard rolls his Charisma +
Occult with the usual difficulty. He must accumulate twice
as many successes as his target's (permanent) Willpower
rating, making one roll per hour. The range of the compul-
sion is one mile per level of the Path rating used; a Path Level
Three Summoning, for example, has a reach of three miles.
Once the call is sent forth, the first such being within the area
of enchantment will be compelled to go to the wizard as
rapidly as possible.

This magic does not instantly conjure a creature out of
thin air. The Summoned one comesat her own speed. If there
isn't a suitable being in range, the wizard may have to
continue until he finds one. For each Willpower point spent,
he may add another mile to the range. This is a dangerous
tactic, because if it works...

© Minor Binding: Once the subject arrives, the
magician can try to compel her to service — if he dares! A
Minor Binding pits the wizard's will against his subject's,
using the Immutable Laws of What Is. True Mages claim that
such a contests pit one Avatar against another... with
perhaps a bit of outside help from other concerned parties.

To affect a Minor Binding, the wizard spends a Will-
power pointand performs his Ritual (Manipulation + Occult).
His target rolls her own Willpower (difficulty of the wizard's
own). If she wins, the Binding has no effect. If she loses, she
must perform one task for him before she is freed. This should
be spelled out in as complete a form as possible. Rest assured
that any Bound being wil! be looking for the way out.

© Major Binding: The system for a Major Binding
works like a Minor one, except that both parties extend their
rolls to amass 10 successes. For each roll, each party spends
a Willpower point; whoever reaches 10 first (and still has
Willpower left over) wins. If the Summoned one loses, she's
bound to the wizard until some condition is met. This
"contract" must be specified at once and can be anything
from "Until my hair goes gray" to "Until Haley's Comet next
approaches Earth," so long as it is a possible event (concep-
tions of "possible" can get pretty fluid, however!).

If the wizard loses, he's toast.

© Dismissal: If the wizard wants his subject to
depart in peace, he performs another Ritual (involving some
sort of thanks, a benediction and a request to depart, usually

with a healthy bribe attached). A simple Wits + Occult roll
with normal difficulty "persuades" the Summoned one to
leave without ripping the wizard a new asshole. This does not
prevent later animosities, but for now, the being will leave
content. This Ritual will not work after a Major Binding has
been attempted.

Hedge Magic Summonings work only on material be-
ings. Ephemera handles spirit-dealings, while Daimonic
Summoning or the Dark Sorcery Path of Summoning (see
The Book of Madness) handles Otherworldly entities. Vam-
pires, werecreatures, mages and changelingscan counterattack
with their own magical abilities unless a Ward or some other
outside force prevents them from acting. This Path is best
performed with allies standing by to help.

The Rituals above need not be performed together.
Bindings or Wardings can be used on their own if the
circumstances permit. Players and Storytellers should be
flexible, dramatic and fair when running such Summonings.
This magic Path could stimulate either suspenseful storytelling
or intense debate.

Rolls: Wits + Occult (Warding)
Charisma + Occult (Summoning) No cost
Manipulation + Occult (Binding)

No cost

Costs one
Willpower

Wits + Occult (Dismissal) No cost

Effects
This level's Rituals affect only small animals —
rats, bats, birds, lizards, etc. You may Summon three
of these creatures per success.
The higher mammals (chimps, dolphins, cats, dogs,
wolves, apes) may be Summoned and controlled at
this Path level. You may control two of these per
success.
Normal humans can be Summoned at this level. If
you want to compel someone to arrive, you'll have
to obtain some personal effect of hers and add it to
the Ritual. This spell summons only one person at
a time.
Minor supernatural beings (ghouls, Kinfolk, other
consors or familiars, fomori, etc.) can be brought
forward and Warded. The limitations of normal
humans apply.
Majorsupernatural beings (vampires, werecreatures,
mages, faeries, and some types of earthbound mon-
sters) can be Summoned and Bound with these
Rituals. Only one individual can be so treated, and
some bit of fur, blood, armor, clothing, etc. must be
used. This is really dangerous territory; one blown.
roll and...

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


Path Rituals

This Path gives you the knowledge you'll need to employ
these Rituals, but does not grant you automatic command.
Each different kind of subject, whether bird, wolf, or vam-
pire, has a unique set of Rituals, and each Ritual must be
purchased separately.

Let's say you wanted to Summon a werecat; that would
require a Level Five Ritual designed especially for Bastet.
Youcouldn't use the same rite to calla Garou, nor would that
Summoning Ritual Bind the Bastet. To Summon, Bind,
Ward and Dismiss a werecat, you'd need five dots in the Path,
plus four three-point Rituals. It seems expensive, but this is
an especially powerful type of magic!

Warding, Summoning, Minor Binding, Major Binding
and Dismissal all require separate Rituals as well. Rather
than write out an exhaustive list of Rituals — Summon
Bastet, Bind Bastet, Ward Against Bastet, etc. — we can
simply assume that Rituals exist for any sort of creature found
within the World of Darkness. Each Ritual corresponds to
the appropriate Path level; an eagle-call would be Level One
while a human-Summoning spell would be Level Three and
so on.

Unlike most other Paths, Summoning, Binding and
Warding has only five Path levels, not six.

SUMMONING, BINDING AND WARDING
(DAIMONIC)

Wizards have always excelled at godplay. Safe (they
believe) in their sigils and wards, practitioners of the mystic
arts have always sought tocommand the Otherworld. Through
this art — a perilous one, to be sure — an accomplished
magician can do just that.

Unlike Ephemera (which creates a passage from the
spirit world), this Path opens a direct gateway to the
Otherworldly Realms and invites an occupant through for a
while. With the proper charms, offers and protections, you
can call an incarnate elemental, a demon, an angelic being
or even a totem avatar. Tales claim that a powerful sorcerer
can summon the Devil himself, but the nature of that entity
may be up for debate in the modern world. The wizard could,
of course, summon a devil, and assuming he was strong
enough to hold it, actually demand some service.

In story terms, this is the most hazardous kind of magic
imaginable. No one with half a brain performs it carelessly,
though some poor fools have been known to do just that. A
proper summoning demands ritual tools galore — designs,
elements, swords, candles and some form of offering for the
invited party — and lots of preparation. Ideally, you should
bathe, meditate, pray and fast for at least a day before attempting

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

such work. Certain designs are considered essential —pentacles
of various kinds, a circle and some holy or unholy text — and
certain offerings are considered polite. The particulars depend
on who you are and what you want; an American Satanist and
a Jewish Kabbalist would obviously call upon different entities,
and employ different instruments to do so. Once the prepara-
tions have been arranged, the Ritual begins. Each type of
Otherworldly creature demandsacertain kind of call; itwouldn't
do to summon a Christian angel with a rite intended for a
Chinese devil.

Although their origins are as mysterious as their powers,
the gods do indeed exist. Some sources claim that every
demon, god and celestial host in human history has a coun-
terpart somewhere in the Endless Realms. Each magical
practice has its own rites for calling upon its gods. These
Rituals can be very hard to find, but if you're resourceful
enough, its tools are at hand. Once the invocations have
been performed, some entity — hopefully the one you're
looking for — arrives within the circle. Once the creature
appears, you'll have to be clever, strong-willed and fortunate.
There are reasons the gods do not walk the Earth, and one of
them is because those gods don't wish to be disturbed.

This art tears a hole in reality as we know it. Most manifes-
tations shift the environment in their favor, whipping up storms
and setting rooms ablaze while others simply appear in near-
human form and ask "What do you require?" in deceptively soft
voices. These are usually the ones to fear the most. Depending
on the entity, the summoned one may be angry, resentful,
pleased or afraid; most tend to be in a bargaining mood when
they appear, however, and despite their horrific threats, seem.
interested in helping — for a price.

Ah, yes — the price. This too depends on the creature you
have summoned. Obviously, an angel won't demand a crucified
baby, though she very well might demand an oath to God or
some other charitable act be performed in exchanged for her
services. Most Otherworldly creatures have fairly obvious tastes;
Mammon, thedemon of wealth, seems more eager for jewelsand
golden offerings than, say, Damballah the Burning Serpent of
Wisdom. The "fee" might be negotiable, but Otherworldly
beings drive very hard bargains.

Once the price is agreed upon, the summoned being
performs one service, then departs. The length and nature of the
service depends on the Binding (see below) and the wizard's
power. No wizard can compel a major manifestation to remain
in his service indefinitely, however; sooner or later, the being
will break free. Any human stupid enough to contain it will then
sufferan appropriate punishment unless some really hard bargain
is struck. It's far safer, therefore, to ask a brief service, let the
being fulfill it and set it free without further coercion than it is
to try to make a pet out of an unearthly creature.


In game terms, this variation works exactly like the
normal Summoning, Binding and Warding Path; the stakes
are simply much higher. Otherworldly beings have inhuman
levels of Willpower; few mortal sorcerers can keep up with a
full-fledged demon, Jet alone an angelic being or a divine
avatar. A Major Binding (see the previous Path) demands 15
successes, not 10, and if you lose this contest, you lose big.
Otherworldly entities tend to have many powers at their
disposal, and it's perfectly reasonable for one to try to take
you home for its own amusement if you've tried to imprison
it yourself.

(The following books have a variety of Otherworldly
creatures for Storytellers to choose from: Beyond the Barri-
ers: The Book of Worlds, Axis Mundi: The Book of
Spirits, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Mage: The Ascen-
sion, The Book of Madness, Vampire: The Dark Ages and
Dark Aiges Companion. Full descriptions ofthe Otherworldly
hosts and their abilities can be found in those sources.)
Roll: Wits + Occult (Warding)

Charisma + Occult (Summoning) No cost
Manipulation + Occult (Binding) — Costs one
Willpower

No cost

Wits + Occult (Dismissal) No cost

Effects
A minor Summoning calls forth a simple entity —
a weak elemental spirit, or Minion Umbrood, an
infernal host creature or a spirit-animal Gaffling
that serves a greater totem.
This slightly more powerful version of a simple
Summoning calls a fairly potent or intelligent mi-
nor entity.
The lower infernal and celestial hosts are at your
disposal; elementals of some power, demonic servi-
tors, minor angels, Jamak spirits and minor Jagglings
attend this level.
Powerful entities — infernal tempters, Umbrood
Preceptors, powerful Jagglings and lesser angelics
— answer the call of the powerful and crafty sor-
cerer who understands this level's secrets.
The lesser Lords — demon barons, Umbrood Lords,
totem avatars, greater angelics and the most power-
ful elementals — might answer your entreaties.
Such beings are fairly powerful; a Greater Binding
against one requires 20 successes or more, and the
summoning area will probably bear traces of the
entity's presence for decades to come.

eeeeeelf it is indeed possible to summon the Devil, a
sorcerer of this level would know how. Although
such an entity would never send his only personal
form to such a meeting, an incarnation of Old

Scratch — or some other Greater Entity, Celestine
or Divine (capital D) avatar — may well appear.
Such beings are not bound, only begged. If you're
nice, it might help you.

Disasters: You really don't want to know. Ever heard of
the Hell of Being Skinned Alive...?

WEATHERCRAFT

One of the most revered yet terrifying abilities of the
traditional witch is her affinity to storms. Ina good mood, the
weatherwitch might water the fields, nurture a harvest or
quench the parched soil; on a more destructive whim, she
might call the thunder, chill the crops or whip waves to a
frenzy. Although some cultures (notably the tribal Africans)
connect weatherwork to male sorcerers, most folklore draws
a parallel between woman's fertility and the bounty of the
Earth and elements. Hence, this tends to be a feminine art,
one that has awed men since the dawn of magic.

As a weatherwitch, you can summon and shape the
environment to suit your needs. Temperatures may rise or
fall; winds may surge or still; at the greater levels, tempests
may literally be brewed in teapots and directed at your
enemies. While Weathercraft is a slow and steady art — its
rites and effects are measured in hours, not minutes — the
forces it commands are awesome to behold.

Weather rituals usually involve sacrifice and sympathy.
The caster draws the connection between a living being
(often, but not always, herself) and the elements, calls the
attention of suitable spirits, and asks them for a favor. By
giving the spirits something in return (often blood, occasion-
ally a whole life), she completes the circuit between woman.
and weather, and shapes the latter to her will. Even the most
benign workings demand some powerful sacrifice. To con-
jure a wind, you might shed a drop or two of blood; to conjure
a storm, you may have to kill an animal, a person, or even
yourself, depending on your beliefs, practices and patrons.

In game terms, things get a bit simpler. The Path level
determines the power of your influence; a series of rolls —
played out over several turns or even scenes — builds the
power of the storm. Once the weather patterns are in motion,
the Storyteller takes over, describing the results in dramatic
detail. Some spells provoke drastic effects — thunderstorms,
hail, tempestuous seas, etc. — which rise then quickly
disappear; others create more subtle but enduring climates—
soft rains, cool breezes, warm days, fertile soil — which may
last for days or even weeks. Generally, the most dramatic and
damaging weather lasts for a few turns then fades, while slow
and gentile changes endure indefinitely. The successes rolled
may affect the weather patterns to some degree, but destruc-
tive tempests tend to dissipate quickly.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


As mentioned above, Weathercraft requires time and
effort. Since nothing occurs in a vacuum (especially not
magic), the weather patterns you shift will manifest in other,
less-obvious ways across the region. While small spells — a
sudden shift in room temperature ora single breeze — may be
cast quickly, it takes longer to rouse a tempest. Assume that

large workings require at least one hour per Path level to set
in motion. Once they begin, Weathercraft magics are hard to
undo —a counterspell will have to negate a lot of successes

to shift the balance back to where it was. Even then, the
effects of a conjured storm linger for quite a while. Imagine
the weather as a pond surface, then picture Weathercraft as
a rock tossed in. A small rock might skip across the waters,
but even then the ripples spread; a larger spell becomes a

stone or even a boulder. The most successful workings still
make waves; botched workings can send those waves crash-
ing down on your own head.

Roll: Manipulation + Occult Costs one Willpower
Effects

You may conjure some small, sudden disturbance

—acool breeze, a room-temperature drop, a flare of

candlelight — or a slight tilt in the local environ-
ment — a richly fertile garden, a softening of the
light in a single room. Neither option inflicts any
form of damage. Requires at least one success;
affects roughly 50 square feet.

You may do any of the above in a larger area.
Requires at least three successes; affects roughly
1000 square feet.

Drastic changes become possible; you may raise or

lower the local temperature by as much as 30°,
conjure strong winds (up to 30 mph), summon a
rain shower or cause existing light to brighten or
darken by dramatic degrees. On the "softer" side,
you may enrich a large field, cool or warm a house
for several days or stir strong currents in the local
seas. Although these climate changes aren't dam-
aging perse, they might eventually lead to accidents,
crop failures or bountiful harvests. Requires at least
five successes; affects roughly a mile or two.

Storms rise at your command; drastic weather
changes include driving rains, winds of up to 40
mph, sudden cold snaps or hot spells (up to 40°
difference), or a rapid crop failure or bloom. Subtle
effects include vastly improved harvests, homes
that remain cool or warm despite the temperature
outside. You may also cause "boosts" to existing

climates (longer rain showers, colder winters, stron-

=
iti EE ERK ger currents, etc.) that may extend anatural weather

pattern for days. An additional Manipulation +

Y ifig ances AN BAN\\ Occult roll (difficulty 7) during an existing storm
SOQ Ain NNN


may direct some damaging phenomena — a light-
ning bolt, hailstones, powerful waves, etc. — to
harm a specific target. With the exception of light-
ning bolts, this attack inflicts non-aggravated
damage (four Health Levels + caster's successes; a
new roll must be made for each attack). Conjuring
such storms requires at least 10 successes; this level
affects roughly five miles.

You may alter the climate as above, but overa larger
area (10 miles or more) and for longer periods of
time. Weather-based attacks inflict five Health
Levels + successes on a separate Manipulation +
Occult roll. Requires at least 15 successes.

You may call the most destructive kinds of storms:
tornadoes, hurricanes, monsoons, floods, killing
frosts, ocean tempests, raging thunder, dust storms,
crop blights, dry spells, etc. Damage from the worst
effects may inflict six Health Levels + attack suc-
cesses. Dramatic storms last for an hour or less, but
slow, subtle changes can drag on for weeks. These
weather patterns disrupt the local climate for weeks
or months afterward. Requires at least 20 successes;
affects roughly 20 miles.

Disasters: The weather is not twisted lightly. Even failed
rolls create eddies in the local climate that might lead to some
odd phenomena in the coming days. Botched rolls send disas-
trous forces into motion, especially if they come during large
workings. An unlucky magician might find herself roasted by
her own thunderbolts or drowned in her own currents.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE PATHS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

CHAPTER FIVE:
SOLITARY TEMPLATES

The first and most important effect of a living mythological
symbol is to waken and give guidance to the energies of life

— Joseph Campbell, Myths to Live By

Again, the dream

Lam a jaguar running through the forest. My hearts pounding:
with my paws and legs, I nimbly leap from ground to tree branch back
to the ground, racing along the jungle with my belly low to the floor.

What am I hunting?

This time, the dream is clearer. I can see now the foliage that
was simply a murky green shadow before: here a cohune tree
there gumbolimbo, there palm. Is it my dream that has become so
clear, or have I simply learned that much more?

Ahead in the path: a fer-de-lance, its immense serpentine body
coiled in a deadly loop. This time I see it, though. In the first dream
I was struck, blind to the serpent's presence, its venom pierced my
heart and threw me into fatal spasms. The second dream, I saw it
but too late to avoid its fatal strike. This time, I avoid it and fly past.

And there, ahead of mein the path, another serpent. But this one
looms before me, and I hear my mentor's voice: ‘To become one with
the spirit world is to become one with the natural world. They are no
different; those who are blind to one world cannot see the other.

Praise the spirits, I am no longer blind.

ASOLITARY ROAD

Many sorcerers practice alone. Most join a society at
some point. After all, it's hard to learn how to drive when no
one's around to teach you. Given the treacherous nature of
occult societies, however, many magicians (and Awakened
mages for that matter) go off to follow a solitary path for «

time. Without the freedom to drive on the open road, it's
pretty difficult to learn how to handle yourself — especially
if the teacher keeps yanking the wheel out of your hands.
The following character templates depict young aspir-
ing magicians, travelers without a craft, armed with
confidence, vision and lots of attitude. With some slight
modifications (changing the Paths to Sphere ratings and
Arete), these characters work equally well as Awakened

Orphan solitaries. Take them where you will

CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES

115

ass

A_A_A_A_A_A_4_A A A_A_A

ANTIQUARIAN

The last and greatest art is to limit and isolate oneself.
— Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Quote: Unless you have something to trade, go away. I don't have time for the likes of you

Prelude: Books... so many books. Fascinating, really, when you consider the
permutations of the human imagination and experience. So many things to read. So
many facts to discover. You read them all as soon as you could. Soon, you
discovered that facts were power. Considering what happened with your so-
called peers in school, you needed all the power you could get.

They beat you up, the Philistines. Tore your books to pieces, blackened
your eyes, left your glasses shattered on the curbsides and went away laughing.
More times than you could count, they shut you out for your love of learning.
The teachers saw nothing, did nothing. They who should have fostered you
shielded your tormentors instead.

Until you discovered magic.

It is real, you know. Wrapped in dusty books, disguised in ancient
riddles, epitomized in a thousand symbols. With practice, you learned the
subtle arts and walked the shadowed path. Let the others laugh — you
learned secrets that would send them screaming into the night, and you
were glad.

As your age and fortunes matured, a lifelong obsession with learning
birthed a library of your own, and a collection of ancient oddities as well.
Through shrewd machinations, you established a network of sources and
allies to acquire new and interesting items. When those methods fail, you
prowl the night like a thief. There are astonishing things to be learned in the
hidden corners when you've got the soul of a collector and the mind of a

magician.

Concept: An obsessive connoisseur of knowledge, especially of the forbid-
den kind. Delving into darkness has given you an edge more-squeamish collectors
lack, and you exploit it (and your contacts) for all they're worth. If any other
person has ever shared an intimate moment in your life, you don't recall. Such
nonsense is for those less learned than yourself.

Roleplaying Hints: Never fight when you can deceive. Never steal what you
can purchase — at good rates. Speak eloquently yet hurriedly, as if the thoughts
were bubbling so quickly from your mouth that a moment's hesitation would cause
inspiration to escape. Note all details; look for an advantage, and impress everyone
with the fact that you know too much for their own good.

Magic: Though the books at your fingertips reveal a host of magical theory, you
a mark of distinction. Not just

understand classical magic best. It's reliable, precise
anyone can master such arcane formulae. To command the elements as you do displays
true discipline and art.

Equipment: Notebook; several pens and pencils; pocket tape recorder; large roll
of cash; reading glasses; conservative, sensible clothing.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

WORLD OF DARKEESS:

jo —Ha Bh af)_ fhe
= al=Hal aye aes

| NAME: NATURE: Sage SOCIETY: "None
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Curmidgeon MENTOR:
| CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Antiquarian MOTIVATION:
| SS oA EES ALTRIBUTES sedate sce ei PORGonem
| PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception.
Dexterity. @@00 = Manipulation. @@@@0 Intelligence
Stamina, @@000 = Appearance. @@000 Wits
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
| Alertness @0000_ Animal Ken OOOOO — Computer. @0000
Athletics OO0O0O0 Drive @0000 Cosmology. @@000
Awareness. OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOO0O0O Culture OOO00O0
Brawl, OOOOO - Firearms. OOOO0 _ Enigmas @@0@00
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership, OOOO00 Investigation. @@000
Expression. OOOO0O0 Meditation. @@000 Law OO000
Instruction. OOOOO Melee. OOOOO Linguistics. @@000
Intuition, OOOOO _ Research, @@000 = Lore OOO00O
Intimidation, @@000 Stealth OOO000 Medicine. OOO00O0
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival 00000 Occult @@000
Subterfuge. @@000 © Technology_____ _OO0000 Science. OOOO0O
Alchemy @@000 OO00O0 OO0000
| Ephemera @@000 OOO00O0 00000
| Shadows @0000 OO00O OOO0O
eee = \|)| | \ | \(([\ ake
BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER HEALTH
Library e02002ec0 eae @e@aeedoooodo ~Bruised OF, El)
‘Resources @@0@00 Bute eee
1 Sanctuary @0000 5 ee Injured tC)
| 00000 OO000O0 Weide ia
oooog FAOOOOOOOT  yaited a
RITUALS/ PATH Crippled Oo
OTHER TRAITS Counterspells Incapacitated Oo
Metaphysics OOOO0O Counterspells — Spirit
| -Alchemy @e@e@00 Warring EXPERIENCE
| -Gematria @0000
| Lore: Vampires _@®OOO
OOO000
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Paths: § Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21
5 °.
i "7
2 CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES 17


SECRET AGENT SABRINA

There are two great pleasures of gambling: that of winning and that of losing.
— French Proverb

Quote: (James Bond theme song softly whistled.)

Prelude: From infancy, your life's been one dare after another.
From the boys, you learned to climb trees and fight. From the girls,
you learned to pass notes and put on makeup. Both "sides" had their
double-dares-yous, and you went for it every time. Some stunts damn
near got you killed, but it was worth it.

It all went to hell when you turned 16. Mom died and Dad
didn't want to be bothered. He called you a problem child and
sent you off to rehab. Two years later, you had an open door, an

attitude problem and a set of skills that qualified you for all sorts
of "extralegal" pursuits. So what were you gonna do, join a
typing pool? It wasn't long before you got caught again, and this
time you were of age — shit

That's where you met Marion, a slinky chick with connections,
charm and some interesting talents of her own. She introduced you to the
goddess and showed you how to break all the rules. More importantly, she
gave you focus, family and a sense of purpose. After your parole, Marion took
you around to meet some friends. They seemed impressed. One claimed he could
set you up with the ultimate dare if you were interested. You were. He did.

A

The academy was hard. They trained you for years — disguise, languages,
explosives and more. They taught you to lie, steal and kill for your country, and you
loved every minute of it. The thrill didn't come from patriotism, but from the high-octane
rush of another challenge. Now you play the grown-up versions of those kids' games, but
the stakes are higher. You play for keeps, my friend, and you love the game.

Marion's still close, and it's a good thing, too. It's easy to lose your head when you're
Jane Fucking Bond. The rituals she taught you come in handy every now and then, but
you'd never call yourself a magician. Still, it's nice to have a few extra tricks. Every once
you'll
is the

a little time with Mother Moon. Maybe someda:

in awhile, you chill out and tak
the agency behind. For now, though, life isa game and surviva

mellow out and leav
jackpot. So far, you
Concept: A thrillseeker with a mission. Although the seriousness of this job isn't lost
on you, the real payoff is bucking the odds. You're determined to be the best in the
business —a treacherous business — and you learned long ago to watch your back and

e been a winner.

take nothing for granted.

Roleplaying Hints: Death on two legs, baby. Under the attitude, you're kinda
scared, but that fear never shows through. When you can, get away and focus yourself.
Magic has taught you discipline, and it's given you a place to run when your persona
gets too thick to let you breathe.

Magic: Your Wiccan practices emphasize small, subtle spells channeled
through incantationsand simple herbs. Healing helps you come through shitstorms
more or less intact, while Weathercraft keeps the wind blowing your way.

Equipment: Stiletto, disguises, forged IDs, Walter PPK, lockpicking set,
mini-camera, hidden pouch of herbs, lots of tiny gadgets, phrase book for some
new language.

peter teehee SS SS SSO

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

WORLD OF DARKERSS:

PEELE

| NAME: NATURE: "Gon "Vivant SOCIETY: "None
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Crackerjack MENTOR:
| CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Secret Agent Sabrina MOTIVATION:
| SR TTT ATTRIBUTES isnt —
| PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@@00 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @@000
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina. @@@00 = Appearance. @@000 Wits. @@000
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
| Alertness. @@000 = Animal Ken OOOO0O — Computer. @0000
Athletics @@@00 Drive @@000 = Cosmology. 00000
Awareness. OOOOO _ Etiquette. OOO00O — Culture. OO00O
Brawl @@@00 Firearms. @@@00 Enigmas 00000
Dodge @0000 Leadership. OOOOO Investigation. OOO00O
Expression, OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO _ Law. OOO00O
Instruction, OOOOO Melee. @@@00 Linguistics. @@000
Intuition. OOOOO - Research. OOOOO Lore. OOO00O
Intimidation, OOOOO - Stealth. @@@00 = Medicine OOO00O
Streetwise @0000 Survival. 00000 Occult @e@e@00
| Subterfuge. @0000 Technology. OOOOO _ Science OO000O0
| SR AFT AES PATHS ——
Conjuration @0000 00000 00000
Healing @@000 OOO00O 00000
Weathereraft @@000 OO00O0 OOO00O
eonmcerereeme — \|)| |\ |{j[\ seer
4 | BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER HEALTH
Allies @ee00 ©8808 8000000 Bruised 20,..6]
Contract @@000 it
| 7 sna FAITH (IP APPLICABLE)
| oeo000 F2QAOOOOQ00000
00000 [et Be Ff)
RITUALS/PATH :
OTHER TRAITS Counterspells Incapacitated oO
Disguise @@000 "Waring
} _Ocmolitions @@000 = _Unweaving EXPERIENCE
00000
| oe
OO00O0

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Paths: 5 Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21

CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES

|
|


STREET PROPHET

Know ye, then, that the Soul which has found God in the Ineffable Light is
at last freed from death and rebirth, grief and old age of spirit. Such Souls have
drunk deep of the water of Immortality.

—R. Swinburne Clymer, M.D., A Compendium of Occult Laws

Quote: I know what it is to sin, and I understand what it is to be saved!

Prelude: Jesus came to see you on your 25th birthday.

Before that, you'd been a badass. A literal hellraiser with beer on your
breath and blood on your fists. It wore you down quick, though. By 25, you
were like a whitewashed shack, pretty on the outside but termite-
ridden on the inside. When Billy Ray shot your dumb ass outside
Skillets, he was just putting the finishing touches on what you'd
already done to yourself.

Jesus did not let you die. Oh, yeah, you wanted to, it hurt
so bad. Layin' there sucking air through a plastic tube while
nurses held their noses. Happy birthday to me, you thought as
you nodded off, ready to feel the Devil's pitchfork in your butt.

That thought scared you. A lot. For the first time in a long
time, you started to pray.

Hey, it worked. The Lord God walked right out of a
cluster of doctors, took your hand and taught you The Word.

You cried all night while He held your sorry-ass sinner's paw

and spoke to you in low, loving tones. For the next few weeks,

He told you His plans for the world. When the docs kicked your ass STANT
out of bed, Jesus guided you out the front door and back into the garden f se NN

of sinners. With (\\ i
No one liked you anymore. Seeing the way you had acted before, you \\}\\ WN
could kinda understand why. Like that guy who made fun of Jesus on the . ws
way to the cross, you've gotta walk forever without resting. That's okay,
though. When you get used to it, living outside ain't that bad. It gives you
lots of time to spread The Word, that sweet Gospel that brought you back
from the edge of death. Jesus gave you the gift of prophecy before He left,
and you use it to bring other sinners closer to God before it's too late for
them.
Praise God, you've been saved. Do His good work.
Concept: A wandering madman with the light of God in his eyes. By most
folk's standards, you talk crazy and act real weird. That doesn't matter. You've
got a mission and the gifts you need to carry it out — holy miracles and skills
honed by the Devil but tamed by the Lord's hands. Once a sinner, you've found
redemption through The Word.
Roleplaying Hints: Stare. Talk loudly. Gaze into each sinner's eyes and tell
him your story. When you see a soul in need, pitch in to help — preach, fight,
step in front of a semi, whatever it takes. Jesus charged you to protect the weak.
His Will be done.
Magic: The Word is your focus and prayer is your guide. Without those
blessings, you are nothing; with them, you can see the future, speak with authority
and help folks who need a bit of healing.
Equipment: Dirty clothes, tattered Bible, broken toys, salvation pamphlets lifted
from phone booths and tables (you can't afford to buy your own).

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

BWephd OF dD

ie FS \; afl
= al=2=|'=
| NAME: NATURE: Supplécane SOCIETY: "None |
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Fanatic MENTOR:
| CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Sereee Prophet MOTIVATION: |
} mcmama: || |i |)[ || \ ae
| PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL |
Strength. @@@00 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @@000
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation. @@0@00 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina, @@@@0 = Appearance. @0000 Wits @@000
| TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES |
| Alertness. @@000 Animal Ken OOOOO — Computer. OOO000 |
Athletics, OOOO0O Drive. OOOO0O — Cosmology. @0000 |
Awareness. OOOOO Etiquette. OO0O000 Culture. OOO000
| Brawl. @@@00 Firearms OOOOO Enigmas @0000
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership OOOOO Investigation OO000 |
Expression. @@@00 = Meditation. OOO0O00 Law. 00000
Instruction, OOO0O0O Melee. @0000 Linguistics OO000
Intuition. OOOOO - Research. OOOOO Lore. OO000O0
Intimidation, OOOOO Stealth OOOO00 = Medicine. OO00O0
Streetwise. @@@00 = Suvival @@0@00 = Occult @@000
Subterfuge. OOOOO _ Technology__OOOO00 Science OOO00O |
| SSR peop eee ESS ce RMT PATHS |
Divination @@000 OO000 OOO00O0
| Fascination @@000 OOO00O OOO00O0 |
| _tlealing @@000 OOO000 OOOO0O F
| ae: «||| |) | | (1S anemia eee |
4 BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER HEALTH i
| ee @0000 @ 000800000 Bri Oo |
Area @@e@00 =
| a. aileReon FAITH (UF APPLICABLE) o |
| o0000 ®0200000000 mm |
Zo mogooo, TAREE VAIO oO
RITUALS/PATH i ae C
OTHER TRAITS Counterspells Incapacitated O
Fortune-Telling  @@®@OO Counterspells—Spirit
OO00O = _Wart—Spirit EXPERIENCE
| 00000 |
| 00000 |
OO000
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: § Paths: 5 Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21
Ca ro

CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES


"BABY WITCH"

I sing true
And I can see right through you
— Faith & the Muse, "Hand of Man"

Quote: Don't ever speak to me that way again. You might not like what will
happen

Prelude: They always said you were weird. You decided to prove it.

That really wasn't much of a stretch. School's dull, peppered with
cheerleaders, broadheads, geeks and wannabes. They used to laugh at
you, but now they whisper instead, and keep their distance. You know
things, and the pathetic losers around you can tell. Now nobody wants
to get too close.

Good.

Itstarted with the books. Hey, it's not your fault you could read
before most kids could talk. Maybe the Horned God was trying to
tell you something. While Mom and Dad fought, you retreated to
your room, curling up with Mercedes Lackey, Tolkien and MZB. In
time, your tastes grew more sophisticated: Rice. Gardner. Crowley.

La Vay. De Sade. The darkness drew you in. Finally, you answered.

His name was Walter, but he called himself Ace. Your
candlelight fumbles with spellcraft and sex led to a deeper
awareness. For him, it was a lark; you, however, heard the Horned
God call from beyond the flickering lights, and you sought him
out in sweaty fantasies and moonlight walks. The knowledge
burned like a molten silver thread, and you chased it through the
night, away from the hollow crucifix in Mom's bedroom and into
a place where good and evil are chess pieces moved by the same
hand. Stef and the other coven members met you there and initiated
you into truths that Ace could only brag about.

Yeah, you're still in school. Why cause trouble for yourself by

dropping out early? In a year or two, you'll be free. Free of Mom and her
constant bitching. Free of Ace and his stupid games. The coven has
prepared a place for you; when the shit gets too thick, you can seek solace
there.

Time is on your side.

Blessed be. Or else.

Concept: A teenager who knows more than most people do, but less than
she believes she does. While most of your "occult wisdom" comes from the New
Age section of your local bookstore, you do possess a bit of real insight.
Unknowingly, you've entered a crucible; the next few years will shape you in ways
you never expected. Raw and full of attitude, you believe you're something that you
really aren't. Still, you do have power. Pray it doesn't destroy you.

Roleplaying Hints: Young, arrogant and deadly serious. Aside from your
coven, the world is full of clueless fucks. Initiation into the mysteries has given you
a real attitude, and that's just fine with you. Mutter darkly about the wisdom you
possess. Stare at people with a mixture of threat and contempt. The darkness is your
playground. Remember that as it enfolds you.

Magic: Modern darkpagan store-bought craft. You recite the spells in self-help
magick books and weave minor workings with invocations to the Horned God.

Equipment: Athame, well-thumbed Witch's Bible, black clothing, pentacle neck-
lace, clove cigarettes, copies of Blue Blood, Con-Tours, Green Egg and Permission.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

OF BARBREESS:

BGS .
Gp Aa fal)_f_p_ fe =)
= | es le Wd le =

i,

i O000000000
eee a 2Q0000
00000 DODO OO OE io)

NAME: NATURE: "Rebel SOCIETY: "None |
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: "Rebel MENTOR:
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: "Gaby "Witch" MOTIVATION: |
ieee: |] ||] |}[ [|S en
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL |
Strength. @@000 = Charisma @0000 Perception. @@000
Dexterity, @@@00 = Manipulation. @@@00 Intelligence. ©0000
Stamina. @@000 = Appearance. @ee@00 Wits @e@e00
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES |
Alertness @@000 = Animal Ken. OOOO0O — Computer. @ee@00 |
Athletics, 00000 Drive. @0000 = Cosmology. OOOO0O0 |
Awareness. @@@00 = Etiquette. OO0000 Culture. OOO00O
Brawl, @0000 Firearms. OOOOO _ Enigmas. @@000
Dodge. @@000 Leadership. OOOOON Investigation. OOO0O |
Expression, OOOO00 Meditation. @0000 Law. OOO00O
Instruction OOO0O0O Melee. OOOO Linguistics OO00O0
Intuition, @@@00 Research. @@000 Lore OOO0O0O
Intimidation. @@000 Stealth @@000 = Medicine OOO00O
Streetwise. @@000 Survival 00000 = Occult @@000
Subterfuge. OOOOO _ Technology_____ OOOOO Science OOOO0O |
FE A Ta |
Cursing @@000 OOO00O0
Fascination @@000 OOO00O0
OOO000 OOO00O0
aonecmseremeemmms: —\[)| |\| \(j[\ seme re
BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER |
Allies @@000 ee@e@e@e@00000 (
os FAITH (IF APPLICABLE) Tiured oO |
: |

RITUALS/ PATH g eae
OTHER TRAITS Counterspells Incapacitated Oo
00000 Ward
OOOO0O  _Unweaving EXPERIENCE :
00000
OO00O0 |
OO000

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Paths: 5 Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21

EET

= =
CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES 125

HITCHHIKER

Rolling me down the highway |
Moving ahead so life
Don't pass me by

— Jim Croche, "I've Got a Name"

Quote: Don't fence me in!

Prelude: From the start, you were drawn to the music of the
open road. Legends of hikers' freedom drowned out the boredom
a, and you longed to wander the countryside. Never
mind that those highway tales were older than your mom.
You wanted to go out on your own. And one night, you did.

With a backpack of possessions, you put your thumb to
the wind and your feet to the asphalt. Young and pretty,
you found plenty of willing rides. Soon, you learned to be
more discriminating about which offers to accept. Still in
all, things weren't that bad. When you got hungry,
people were always ready to buy you a meal, and they
didn't ask that much in return. The Cat saw to that.

TheC
A secret from your parents, she's part of that wandering
spirit that led you away from home in the first place. After
a series of, um, mistakes, you leamed to control The Cat;

has been apart of yousince your first period.

now she comes when you call her and stays put otherwise —
well, usually. The hiker's life satisfies you both.

a price, of course. There always is.
You've become one of those urban legends, one of

sons so many others fear the open road

The Cat is never far from the surface, and e

so often, she needs to be fed. For the most part,
the corpses belonged to assholes who didn't
deserve to live. Youdon't like to think about the
bystanders who were in the wrong place when.
Well, let's just say the road isa wonderful place tobe,
especially for a girl with your talents. So many things to

see, so many people to meet!

Concept: A flighty kid who turns into a cat — a big,
dangerous cat. You're young enough not to care about the big
picture, and have all the time in the world. Someday, a real crisis
may get you to change your careless ways. But for now, the wild life is the
only one worth living.

Roleplaying Hints: Like a kitten at play, you swat at everything in view. Your only
concerns are immediate ones — food, shelter, survival, and fun, and not necessarily in
that order. Your attention skitters from one shiny object to the next without much
forethought. Live for the moment and let the world take care of itself.

Magic: What's magic? You're a weird prodigy with some slumbering powers and no
idea what to do with them. (See the Path Natural Merit.) Despite appearances, you're
s far

not a member of the Changing Breeds, nor do you know anything about them.
as you're concerned, you're a freak of nature. Maybe the right mentor could teach you
how to focus those talents, but for now you're on your own.

Equipment: Backpack full of odds and ends, the clothes on your back.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

WORLD OF DARKEESS:

C= =e Dol 0_p_ Ba an A
: Jewel wee :

NAME: NATURE: Sensualise SOCIETY: "None |
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Loner MENTOR:
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: Hitchhiker MOTIVATION: |
Teer: || |i ||} || caer
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL |
Strength. @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @@000
Dexterity. @00 Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence. @@000
Stamina. @@@00 = Appearance. @@000 Wits. @@000
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@000 = Animal Ken @@000 = Computer. @0000
Athletics. @@@0@0 Drive OOO00O0 Cosmology. 00000
Awareness, OOOOO _ Etiquette OOO00O0 Culture. OOO00O0
Brawl @@@00 Firearms OOO0O0 Enigmas. OOO00O |
Dodge. @@@00 Leadership. OOOOON Investigation, OO0O00O0 |
Expression. OOOO0O Meditation. OOOOO _ Law. OOO00O0
Instruction. OOOO0O0 Melee. OOOOO Linguistics OO0O00O
Intuition. OOOOO - Research 00000 Lore. OOO00O
Intimidation. @@000 - Stealth_sélent @@@@0 = Medicine OOO0O
Streetwise. @@000 Survival @@@00 Occult @0@000
Subterfuge. OQOOOO _ Technology_____ OOOOO Science OOO00O0
TE ae TS NET NS i |
Shapeshifting e0e3ceeo OOO00O OOO0O
Shadows @@000 00000 OO000 «ff
OO000 OO0O000 OOO000 }
ee: |[)| |\]\(][\ a |
BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER HEALTH '
Allies ©0000 © 0©00800000 Bruised oo ff
Sanctuary @@000 durt é th
(udten glen) 00000 ip af ey er : o ff
00000 2) |
oooog FOHOOHO00000 Oo
RITUALS/PATH crippled j
OTHER TRAITS Counterspells Incapacitated o |
OOO00O Warring
OO00O0 Warring- Spirit EXPERIENCE
00000 |
OO000 |
OO000
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: § Paths: 5 Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21
ie = e
=

CHAPTER FIVE: SOLITARY TEMPLATES 125

A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_—A_A_A_{4_

APPENDIX

There shall be not be found among you anyone that
maketh his son or daughter to pass through fire, or useth
divination, or an observer of the times, an enchanter, a witch,

a charmer, a cons

Iter of familiar spirits, or a necromancer

— Deuteronomy 18:10-11

SORCERERS OF REPUTE

Magician? Magus? Who can tell the difference? So many
individuals have been attributed with magical powers that
compiling a "definitive" list of sorcerers would be an endless
task. While several legendary figures — Crowley, Simon
Magus, John Dee, Catherine de Medici and many others —
are often credited with full Awakening, no one really knows
the true talent such practitioners possessed. The sorcerers
listed below are but the tip of an iceberg millennia old and
fathoms deep. While it's unlikely that these "midnight
missionaries" have attained True Mage status, no one who

has heard their stories can dispute their obvious abilities.

COUNT CAGLIOSTRO AND LORENZA FELICIANI

"The Divine Cagliostro" supposedly died under Catho-
lic "custody" in 1795; his wife Lorenza, an accomplished
magician in her own right, was imprisoned in a convent and

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

is said to have passed on in 1794. Horribly tortured for their
practices, these sorcerers may have had the last laugh on
their tormentors after all. According to the Ancient Order
of the Aeon Rites, Cagliostro's infamous Elixir of Life proved
to be more successful than its creator expected.

Born in the early 1740s, this Sicilian magician went on
tocharm courtiers and commoners alike. A renowned alche-
mist, healer, spiritualist and conjurer, Alessandro Cagliostro
founded several occult societies, gave generously to the poor,
foretold the French Revolution and fabricated a life story of
charming absurdity. Accompanied by the beautiful Lorenza
(whom he once deified as a goddess to his order), the count
fed Europe's rising fascination with the unseen world. AL-
though probably un-Awakened, both Cagliostros certainly
trucked with True Magi, spirits, demons and the Kindred
throughout their colorful careers. Toasted by aristocrats

from Italy to Britain, they eventually fell prey to jealous
rivals, bad fortune and finally the church, who imprisoned
them in the 1780s.

According to mortal histories, the Cagliostros met their
painful ends soon afterward; both, however, had consumed the
Elixir of Life prior to their imprisonment. When the sorcerers'
bodies gave in and were buried, the revitalizing effect of the
potions took over. Common wisdom holds that both Count
Alessandro and Lorenza dug their way free and fled Italy forever.
One tale claims that Lorenza escaped first with the help of a
faithful lover, went to her husband's grave and found him too
dissipated to leave; another version has things the other way
around. The Brotherhood of Saint Hermes speaks of Lorenza's
conversion to Christianity; supposedly, Count Cagliostro found
his wife alive, but quarreled with her when he learned she had
joined their enemies. Bitterly split, the two parted ways in 1800
and have not spoken since. Both have supposedly formed new
orders, the ritualistic Tenth Seat of Iehova and the Christian
Light of Our Lady, a cloistered order. Although the Brother-
hood offers some compelling evidence of their tale, most
authorities doubt the truth behind it.

Alive or dead, Count Alessandro and Lady Lorenza
provided a bold template for aspiring magicians. Champi-
oned, admired and reviled, these charismatic sorcerers lived
by their eclectic codes, promoted the mystic arts and wove
a romantic shadowplay down the center of the Age of
Reason. The world may never see their like again.

GIDEON MCKAY

His spirit was as devout as his demeanor was dour, and

many consider Gideon McKay to have been the greatest
Nephite of the modern day. Where Uriah Spence discovered
the lost gold mine that was the Nephite Priesthood, Gideon
McKay ored and forged it into a thing of strength and beauty.

Though not born to the Mormon faith, young McKay's
family moved to Utah and proudly took up the Mormon
banner. A dutiful child and a hard worker, Gideon bent his
back beneath the harsh sun so that future generations might
profit from his labor. Others remarked that his 15-year old
body held the spirit and conviction of a man twice his age.
A farmer like his father, Gideon built a homestead —a home
consumed fire one twilight. In the tragedy that took his
home and family, he heard the voice of the Lord compelling
him to seek the Great Salt Lake Desert.

In that waste he met Uriah Spence and his band of
followers, who initiated Gideon into the newly restored
Nephite Priesthood. Later, as Uriah's failing health took its
toll, Gideon stepped in, fueling the Priesthood with a new
vigor. Strong in body and mighty in mind, Gideon was
powerful in magic, too. As a wandering prophet surely
touched by God, he gave a bold vision and momentum to the
rag-tag group of Mormon wanderers.

APPENDIX


™—
126

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

Under Gideon, the Nephite Priesthood grew in strength
and size, becoming the vigilant guardians of Zion that they
are to this day. Uriah gave the Priests the lost and forgotten
rituals of the Priesthood: Gideon gave them his unfailing
devotion. To become a Nephite Priest, Gideon taught, was
to devote spirit, mind and body equally to the service of the
Lord. He lived and eventually died by that code.

To this day, Nephites speak of Gideon in revered tones:
his miraculous healings, his terrifying encounters with the
Prowlers of the Wastes; his frequent battles with the progeny
of the Anti-Christ; his friendship with the Lamanite Ute
warrior, an Indian who abandoned his ancestral pagan ways
and converted at Gideon's feet; and his death in a shoot-out
with aband ofanti-Mormon army troops. Although dead, his
legacy lives on. Many Nephites believe that in the final
battle for Zion their forces shall be led by Gideon himself —
now a celestial being who walks with Mormon and Moroni.

TANEELA RANGI YA FEDHA, THE SILVER LADY

While many of her Uzoma relations live and die in
forgotten parts of the African heartland, Taneela is a wan-
derer. A majorfigure in the African modernization movement,
she lives up to her society's name. Journeying from continent
tocontinent, Ms. Rangi ya Fedha seems to attract riches. Her
wallet is always full, her bank account is always healthy and
her credit is always spotless. It has been said that the spirits

of prosperity follow the Silver Lady. Taneela's patron orisha,
Oyé, clearly shares her prodigy with Elegba, Opener of Ways
— and, some say, of bank vaults.

Is Taneela a high-class thief? No one's quite sure, al-
though several InterPol investigators would like to have
words with her. If she does steal, Taneela's more Robin Hood
than robber. No one hungers when the Silver Lady is nearby
Generous gifts of food, goods and cash greet the poor, and
huge grants grease the wheels of conservation efforts, poverty
relief programs and political activists who win Taneela's
favor. The Silver Lady never comments on the source of her
wealth; the fact that she shares it with her countryfolk should
be, in her view, enough of an answer for the curious.

Despite her name, Taneela is as dark asa woman can be. Her
black hair falls in cornrows past her shoulders and her shockingly
green eyes contrast with mahogany skin. Dignified and charis-
matic, she dominates any conversation with witty observations
and eloquent charm. Taneela speaks French, Yoruban, Swahili,
English, Italian, Japanese, Arabic and Afrikaans with equal
fluency and seems to understand the deeper meanings inherent in
each language. Her vast network of friendsand contactskeeps this
sorceress well-informed. The Silver Lady always seems to know
what'sgoingon, even whenshe has only recently arrived. Dressed
in the height of international fashion, this globetrotting priestess
makes nosecret of her ancestral spirituality. Although pursued by
would-be initiates, Taneela travels alone. No one who has tried
to harm her lives to try again.


"GRETCHEN

A persistent rumor speaks of a German girl who may be
over 700 years old. Although she has never demonstrated
mastery of the magickal Arts, this immortal clearly under-
stands mystic principles. A legendary participant in hundreds
of occult societies, "Gretchen" always goes by one name
only. While many occultists (especially ancient ones) pre-
sume to lead their cults or covens, "Gretchen" is a follower,
a bit player on the fringe of whichever group catches her
fancy. She is most noted for her involvement with Gerald
Gardner, Aleister Crowley and Countess Cagliostro.
"Gretchen" appears in Inquisition records, personal diaries,
home movies and videotapes, flowing between Tantrik
temples, Satanic cults, Christian monasteries and Japanese
gardens with equal enthusiasm. Despite her antiquity,
"Gretchen" appears to be no older than 25; her melodious
voice trembles like a virgin in her marriage bed and her
charming naiveté belies her vast experience.

Despite her age and talents, "Gretchen" always looks and
acts the same; aslender girl with simple tastes, she standsslightly
over five feet tall. She's pretty with long brown hair and almond
eyes, butnot exceptionally attractive orcharismatic. "Gretchen's"
apparent youth and innocentair lead many associates to under-
estimate her; although she has never taken an obvious leadership
role, this ageless girl may have been the true force behind
innumerable societies, a muse to mystic artists.

Although many mages, magicians and even Kindred have
tried to uncover "Gretchen's" secrets, she remains an enigma. If
asked, she denies her age and experiences; "I'm sorry," she insists
in a common German lilt, "but you must be mistaken." While
she appears tobea frightened butcuriouscountry girl, "Gretchen"
frustrates mental incursions, Blood Bonds and grosser forms of
coercion with ease. The ultimate magical submissive, "Gretchen"
charms her way past more "sophisticated" occultists, satisfies her
eternal hunger for knowledge, and silently moves on.

RELICS

Any being, Awakened or otherwise, can utilize any one
of the following mystical objects. He must understand its
purpose, and may need some occult research or study to
understand what he holds and how to use it; once he
comprehends the item, however, the magician can employ it
to his own ends. (See the Relic Background in Chapter
Three, and the Enchantment Path in Chapter Four.)

© GRACE POTION

One of the most basic magical charms, the potion embodies
a single mystical spell in a drinkable form. Dozens of arcane
serums exist, from cinnamon love philters to bitter strength
concoctions, and each enchanter favors his own formulae.

These simple "grace" draughts enhance the drinker's physi-
cal prowess in a single, predetermined way. Consumed in a
single long gulp, such potions take hold almost immediately and
last fora few minutes at most. While most concoctions leave the
drinker slightly nauseous afterward, some brewers have per-
fected the art to create sweeter, more-appetizing forms. Even so,
potions are noxious things. Drinking raw magic can have some
very odd long-term effects...

In plain system terms, a Grace Potion adds two dots to
asingle selected Attribute — Strength, Dexterity, Stamina,
Charisma, Appearance, Perception or Wits — for one scene.
Each Attribute's enhancement has a certain "special effect":
Strength sends a surge of raw power; Dexterity rides in on a
burst of adrenaline; Stamina settles down like a block of
stone; Charisma lightens mood and inhibitions; Appearance
blurs the taster's features into a more pleasing form; Percep-
tion sharpens the senses to an almost painful edge; and Wits
quickens thoughts and reactions.

Potions are very rare, especially in the modern world,
and always carry some nasty side effects. The Storyteller
should mandate some unpleasant consequences after the
tush fades away — especially if the drinker acquires
"potionoholic tendencies."

© SILENT FEET

Stealth is often anecessity for practitioners of the ars arcane.
Fortunately, a simple charm worn on the foot — sometimes a
shoe, more often an anklet or toe ring —can silence the wearers'
footfalls. After donning the relic, the sorcerer chants a whis-
pered incantation to Hecate or Hermes. No matter where she
travels thereafter, the magician walks quietly until the next time
she speaks. The first word uttered after the charm takes effect
dispels the magic until the
following night.

APPENDIX

=
129


In game terms, a Silent Feet charm gives the wearer a
five die Stealth rating, or adds five dice to her existing
Stealth Skill. The relic silences only the magician's footfalls,
not her voice, her actions or the rustle of her clothing. The
moment she speaks, the charm is broken.

¢ LOVEPOPPET

Anageless figure of wax or straw, this magical charm
entrances a would-be lover into helpless passion. The
specialty of magicians and witches from Africa to the
Americas, the Poppet includes fingernail parings, hair,
blood, semen or a mixture of all of them. When the proper
incantations have been spoken in a suitable rite, these
personal effects carry powerful sympathetic magic to the
object of desire. If all goes well (at least by the caster's
definition), the object of desire falls deeply in love with
someone he had earlier avoided.

Few magicians craft these objects for their own use;
instead, they make them "on commission," often with a
warning to the buyer. Once kindled, magical passion is hard
to quench; charmed lovers tend to be ferociously jealous,
obsessive and insatiable. No mortal stalker can compete with
the victim of a Love Poppet; if the enchantment takes hold,
it's often there for life... and perhaps even longer. As they
say, the line between love and hate is pretty thin. An abused
lover might explode into a self-destructive frenzy, destroying
himself and the charmer in a single dramatic act.

In game terms, the Poppet ignites its version of "love" in
a single human subject. Although vampires and other odd
creatures may be stirred by the relic's effects, they're suffi-
ciently inhuman to escape the item's powerful pull. A human
victim isn't so lucky; in most cases, he's hooked for life, no
matter what his new paramour says or does thereafter. A
magician, mage or other mystic disciple can recognize such
acharm, and might be able to break it's hold with his own arts
(counterspell or countermagick, three successes on a single
difficulty 7 roll; one roll per month).

e VISION SKULL

A blackened skull decorated with white chalk designs,
this potent scrying relic allows a magician to glimpse at
distant people or places, peer into the past or prophecy the
future. Filled with blood and fresh herbs, the skull's tracings
shine with faint fire. After entering a trance, the magician
consumes the blood and begins to dance. In her mind's eye,
the visions unfold. After a minute or two, the magical sight
passes and the sorcerer falls into a drugged sleep.

Ingame terms, the skull grants the magician a temporary
vision, similar to Divination 2. Appearing as a vivid dream,
this vision often takes symbolic, not literal, form. A magician
who uses the skull to scry out treachery might see an army of
carnivorous beetles munching their way through a sleeping

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

man's
body, rather
than the faces of the conspirators or their current location.
Each divination requires a separate ritual, and the sorcerer
must rest at least one day between viewings.

SYMPATHETIC BINDINGS

A helpful tool for the traveling magician, this ancient
recipe prepares bandages that heal wounds from a distance.
After soaking in a concoction of sulfuric acid powder, linen
and blood from the person to be healed, these wrappings
transmit their recuperative powers across a room, leaving the
wound free to "breathe." The wound itself closes of its own
accord and heals at a rapid (but not unnatural) rate.

In systems terms, the Bindings cure damage from open
cuts, slashes, burns or gunshot wounds ata rate of one Health
Level per day. Staving off infections (an essential thing in
primitive medicine), the magical bandages keep the injury
safe so long as the wearer rests periodically. Each wound
requires a separate batch of Bindings, and the wrappings
themselves must be used no more than one day after they've
been prepared. Once used, the bandages become normal
blood-soaked cloth.

ooo WITCH'S STEED

A common tool of European witchcraft, this broom
seems normal enough by day. It sweeps especially well, of
course, but displays no outward sign of magic. After night-
fall, however, it's a different story. The broom handle
lengthens and blackens; its bristles grow thorny and sharp. A
magician straddling the broom feels a sudden libidinous rush


exploding from her crotch and bursting upward like fire. A
cry of "Hey! Hie! In the Devil's name we fly!" carries the
broom and its rider upward at incredible speed, filling the
sorceress with an uncontrollable abandon. Where she goes
and what she does from that point is up to her; it will,
however, be a wild, dangerous and magical trip.

A sorceress on such a broom flies at roughly 50 mph and
"acquires" an Arcane rating of 5 for the duration of the trip.
So long as she keeps the Steed nearby, the sorceress may
return home at any time she wants. It's generally a good idea

to hang on to the broom — it travels hundreds of feet in the
airand has no particular affection for its rider. If she falls, the
Steed keeps going.

An object of obvious black magic, the Steed is a frankly
carnal relic; regardless of the rider's gender, the broom
kindles a shocking sensuality and abandon. Although the
broom works for male witches too, it seems especially alive in
@woman's embrace. Sweeping inhibitions away like dirt, this
witch's broom carries a magician off in more ways than one.

eee DESHAYES' FATAL CUP

Named for the legendary poisoner Catherine Deshayes,
these cups and chalices come in many different forms. Seem-
ely normal, such vessels bear faint inscriptions across their
bewbsor bottoms. When rubbed with fresh blood, these carvings
Seensmute whatever liquid is in the cup into deadly magical
Boson. Untraceable by mortal means, this poison kills whoever

drains the cup, often within five minutes or less. A lesser Cup,
often called Dionysus' Chalice, transforms the liquid into a
heady beverage or hallucinogenic potion.

To save himself, the drinker of the poison may attempt a
counterspell (see Chapter Four; difficulty 7). A True Mage
mightstop the effects with Life, Prime or Matter countermagick
(see Mage: The Ascension), while ashapechanger could dispel
the potion with a successful Stamina + Primal-Urge roll (diffi-
culty 7) orhealing Gift. An ordinary mortal is probably doomed.
Although the poison cannot kill a vampire, ghost or other
undying thing, it causes him incapacitating pain unless he can
overcome the magic (Willpower roll, difficulty 8), in which case
he'll simply be agonized, not helpless. If the drinker consumes a
draught from Dionysus' Chalice, he'll fall into intoxication or
delirium for roughly six hours unless he wins three successes or
more ona Stamina roll (difficulty 8), in which case he'll simply
be giddy for a while.

ooooe MASK OF THE MIDNIGHT GHOSTS

Crafted by Nhanga priests on moonless nights, these
terrible masks transform a living body into spirit form.
Carved of rotting wood, painted with blood, semen and
urine and decorated with the skin of stillborn infants, these
masks call to gangs of evil orishas. After a series of live
sacrifices, the conjure man sues for his reward — a spirit-
body. Once he becomes like a ghost himself, the Nhanga
passes among the living, bringing sickness, nightmares and
misery until morning's light drives him back into his body.
Exhausted by his travels, the conjure man sleeps until dusk; by
this sign, many Nhanga have been discovered and executed.

In game terms, the Mask allows the sorcerer to pass his
consciousness into the Near Umbral Shadowlands (see
Wraith: The Oblivion or Beyond the Barriers: The Book
of Worlds for details), leaving his body behind. Once he
reaches the land of the dead —a bleak, depressing reflection
of the living world — the Mask's owner can float in the air,
pass through material obstacles and observe the living with-
out being see himself. Accompanied by his orishas, the witch
doctor can travel several hundred miles from his sleeping
body; if, however, he cannot return by the next dawn, his
body crumbles to dust, trapping the magician in the
Shadowlands for eternity — or at least until the Restless
Ones consume the conjure man's soul.

A sorcerer in ghost-form can reach through into the
living world by rolling his Willpower -against the local
Shroud (a-k.a., the Gauntlet). In Wraith terms, he has 10
Corpus but no Arcanoi. His body is his only Fetter. Traveling
this way is extraordinarily dangerous; the sorcerer's magics
cannotaffect anything on the dead side of the Shroud, so he's
effectively anormal person with ghostly "physicality." Fortu-
nately for the average Nhanga, Spectres are rare in the rural
African forests. For details about the Jade Kingdom of Ivory,
see the Wraith Players Guide.

a -

APPENDIX

Th
131


cimd
152

BIBLIOGRAPHY

I referenced many books (and simply tossed aside many
more) during the writing of this work. There's a gold mine of
material available on occult societies and sorcery within the
context of global cultures; unfortunately, there's also a horde
of dreck out there. Enterprising Storytellers and characters
who want to add more depth to sorcerer characters or build
new societies should peruse this list.

The following books were particularly useful or interest-
ing, and I'd recommend them either for research or for
inspirational reading. Sometimes the amount of reference
material is disproportionate to how much was ultimately
written. I often had to wander through various works to get
toa point of understanding; other times I was just interested
and kept on reading!

1 fully realize that books that have had an impact on me
might have absolutely no impact on anyone else — "Your
mileage may vary," as the saying goes. This reading list is merely
a reflection of my own study and path while writing this book.

— James Estes Looking Eagle

* Rollo Ahmed, The Black Art (1936) — An often
amusing but likewise compelling look at magical practices
through the eyes of an "authority" who believes most forms
of the art are blasphemous. Very World of Darkness, and
politically incorrect as hell.

© Rosita Arvigo, Sastun: My Apprenticeship with a Maya
Healer (1994) — The true story of an American woman's
apprenticeship underan authentic Mayaspiritual/botanical healer.
This is not simply a fable of someone's "apprenticeship into
ancient Maya magic": Rosita Arvigo lives in Belize, where she
cultivates rain forest plants and trees and conducts research into
the medicinal properties of traditional Maya herbal remedies,
including possible cures for AIDS, cancer, and other diseases. Her
work has attracted international attention and recognition.

© Brian Bates, The Way of Wyrd (1983) — A fictional
retelling of a medieval Christian monk's introduction to
Norse magic and mysticism.

© Peggy Beck, Anna Lee Walters and Nia Francisco, The
Sacred: Ways of Knowledge, Ways of Life (1992) — An
insightful study of Native American spirituality, well-re-
ceived by scholarly and Native American communities alike.

© Hal Zina Bennet, Zuni Fetishes (1993) — A study of
Zuni fetish construction and the use of such fetishes in
meditation and reflection.

© Madeleine Biardeau, Hinduism: The Anthropology of a
Civilization (1989) — An erudite examination of Hindu culture;
highly recommended for those who want a greater understand-
ing of Hinduism, but not recommended for beginners.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: SORCERER

¢ J.F. Bierlein, Parallel Myths (1994) — A cross-cultural
examination of common themes in world mythology. Magic
is often born of a culture's mythology, and though this book
is somewhat light, it is flavorful.

© Ralph Blum, The Book of Runes (1982) — The book that
popularized runic divination for the masses. Many serious rune-
workers don't care for this work, but it's still a fun read.

© Margaret Bunson, A Dictionary of Ancient Egypt
(1991) —A valuable reference on ancient Egyptian history,
culture and mythology.

¢ Richard Cavendish, A History of Magic (1987) —
More appropriately called "A History of Magic in the West,"
this book covers the scope of Western occult history. Not just
acatalog of movements, it discusses magic within its cultural
affiliations.

* Richard Cavendish, editor, Encyclopedia of the Unex-
plained: Magic, Occultism and Parapsychology (1974) — Yet
another useful compendium on magic and the supernatural.

* Tom Cowan, Fire in the Head: Shamanism and the Celtic
Spirit (1993) — A thoroughly engaging study of Celtic
shamanism. One of the best books I read for this project, but
it really needs an index!

¢ Edward Curtis, edited by Gerald Hausman, Prayer to
the Great Mystery: the Uncollected Writings and Photography of
Edward S. Curtis (1995) —A collection of Native American
myths and legends accompanied by the evocative photogra-
phy of Edward Curtis, an American photographer noted for
his studies and portraits of Indian life.

Arkon Daraul, A History of Secret Societies (1961) —
A highly sensationalistic book penned in the purplest of
prose. Each of the groups depicted within could easily be
turned into magical societies in the World of Darkness; in
fact, many have been!

 Afolabi Epega and Philip John Neimark, translators,
The Sacred Ifa Oracle (1995) — the authentic source of
Yoruba tribal wisdom, and a must-have for anyone interested
in African traditions.

© David Fridel, Linda Schele and Joy Parker, Maya
Cosmos: Three Thousand Years on the Shaman's Path (1993)
— A fascinating examination of Maya shamanism, based
upon anthropological study and not just on whimsy or
alleged apprenticeships.

© Rosemary Guiley, Harper's Encyclopedia of Mystical &
Paranormal Experience (1991) — The title says it all. An
invaluable reference work.

¢ E.J. Holmyard, Alchemy (1950) — A historical survey
of alchemy across the world; dry but informative.

¢ Bentley Layton, The Gnostic Scriptures: Ancient Wis-
dom for the New Age (1987) — A collection of Gnostic works
deemed heretical by orthodox Christianity and Judaism. In
addition to its historic value, this is an interesting look at a
church that might have been.

© Daniel C. Matt, The Essential Kabbalah: The Heart of
Jewish Mysticism (1994) — Anexcellent (and well-received)
introduction to Kabbalism, containing both original texts
and commentary.

* Caitlin and John Matthews, editors, Encyclopedia of
Celtic Wisdom: A Celtic Shaman's Sourcebook (1994)— A
collection of essays dealing with various aspects of Celtic
shamanism.

© Caitlin Matthews, The Celtic Book of the Dead: a Guide
for your Voyage to the Celtic Otherworld (1992) — A study of
Celtic voyage tales and their spiritual significance.

© Arnold Mindell, The Shaman's Body (1993) — An
introduction to shamanism and the dreambody in a variety
of cultural traditions, written by a process-oriented therapist.

© R. Laurence Moore, "The Occult Connections? Mor-
monism, Christian Science, and Spiritualism," in The Occult
in America (edited by Howard Kerr, 1986) — An article
discussing occult themes in early Mormon history.

© R.K. Narayan, Gods, Demons, and Others (1964) —A
collection of South Asian stories about gods, demons, magi-
cians.

© Peter Occhiogrosso, The Joy of Sects (1996) — A
clearly-written introduction to world religions with occa-
sional forays into mysticism. Has a good section on New Age
movements. A fun and engaging book throughout.

¢ Thomas O'Dea, The Mormons (1957) — A very

sympathetic treatment of the Mormons by a Gentile, this
book is a useful introduction to the Mormon world for the
non-Mormons.

© Scott Peterson, Native American Prophecies (1990) —
Perhaps a little bit sensationalistic and not very scholarly, it
still contains some interesting material on Native American
religio-magical prophetic beliefs.

© Idries Shah, Oriental Magic (1956) — A stroll through
magic of the Middle East, Africa, India, China and Tibet.
Although somewhat dated, it still contains some interesting
bits of information.

© Jonathan Z. Smith, editor, The Harper Collins Dictio-
nary of Religion (1995) — An incredible piece of work,
constantly at hand during the writing of this book.

© Joseph Smith, Jr., The Book of Mormon (1830 ff.) —
According to Mormon tradition, Smith is the translator ofan
angel's work. The Book of Mormon is at times fascinating, at
times droll, but overall a peculiar work (from a non-Mormon
viewpoint).

© Morton Smith, Jesus the Magician (1978) — The
seminal scholarly work on how Jesus was viewed as a magi-
cian by his Near Eastern contemporaries.

Lawrence E. Sullivan, Hidden Truths: Magic, Alchemy,
and the Occult (1987) — A collection of articles from the
Encyclopedia of Religion (edited by Mircea Eliade), this is a
scholarly but still quite readable introduction to various
occult traditions and themes.

© Luisah Teish, Jambalaya: the Natural Woman's Book
(1985) — An easily read collection of African-American
feminist folk wisdom from a priestess in the Yoruba Lucumi
tradition.

© Edred Thorsson, Futhark: A Handbook of Rune Magic
(1984) — An important book in the subject of runes and
Germanic magic. The book is somewhat controversial, and
some of its ideas may not be very legitimate; but it does make
interesting reading, and is worth considering if you're con-
templating researching Germanic sorcery or playing a vitki.

© Time-Life Books, "Mysteries of the Unknown" series
(various dates) — Rather light in content, these books
nonetheless contain many useful tidbits. The volumes An-
cient Wisdom and Secret Sects, Magical Arts, Witches and
Witchcraft, and Secrets of the Alchemists are particularly
relevant to this book.

© Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic: What It Is and How to Do
It (1992) — Fascinating reading on theories of ritual magic
and its various cultural manifestations.

* Ken and Jo Walton, GURPS Celtic Myth (1995) —
Yes, a game book. This is filled with well-organized and well-
written information on Celtic culture, mythology and magic.

© Bill Whitcomb, The Magician's Companion (1993) — A
compendium of details relevant toanumber of magical traditions.
Quite useful in adding flavor and depth to a magical tradition.

SITE-OGRAPHY

A few websites make very useful tools, especially for
those trying to understand various cultural traditions. Only
the major sites are listed — they all inevitably link to each
other anyway. Addresses for these sites may (will) change
over time, but with any luck you should be able to find them
through major search engines.

© OrishaList (http://members.aol.com/starkana/
index.htm) — A collection of links, specifically dedicated to
the Yoruba tradition and its relatives (Candomblé, Vodoun,
etc.).

© Ifa Foundation of North America (http://mcni.net/
~obatala/) — A center that hopes to spread understanding of
Ifa and the Yoruba tradition across the West.

© Gnostic Society Index of Links (http://
www.webcom.com/~gnosis/hotlist/pagan.html) — A com-
pendium of links across the web to different sites dedicated
to shamanism and neopaganism.

© Svartur's Mystic Links (http://artemis.centrum.is/
~stefanpm/morestuff.html) — Many links dedicated to a
variety of esoteric topics.

ae *

APPENDIX


A_A_A_A_A QAWi AP _uf'_p_@_

NAME: NATURE: SOCIETI:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: MENTOR:
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT: MOTIVATION:

wees = [| |[}|!] 1
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina. @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits @0000
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness. OOOOO Animal Ken. OOOOO — Computer. OO0000
Athletics OOO0O0N Drive OOO000 Cosmology. 00000
Awareness. OOOOO Etiquette. OO00O0 = Culture OO0000
Brawl OOOOO Firearms OOOOO _ Enigmas OOO0O
Dodge. OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation. OOO000
Expression. OOOO0O Meditation. OOO000 © Law OOO00O0
Instruction. OOO00O Melee. OOOOO Linguistics OOO00O
Intuition, OOOOO - Research. OOOO0 Lore. OO00O0
Intimidation, OOOOO _ Stealth, OOO0O0 = Medicine OO00O0
Streetwise. OOOOO - Survival. 00000 Occult OOO00O
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology. OOOOO Science. OOO00O
SA PUTTS inca

OO00O 00000 00000

OO0000 00000 00000

OOO00O0 OOO00O OOOO0O
ene: = ||)| || (| wean

BACKGROUNDS WILLPOWER HEALTH
00000 0000000000 Bruised 0 O

GG000 FAITH (IF APPLICABLE)

00000 PVAVQOQOO0O000
oooog HRAOOROO0000

RITUALS/PATH
OTHER TRAITS

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Paths: 5 Rituals: 3 Freebie Points: 21


WORLD OF BARKEESS:

i _w_f'_f a Pha =
auMwnine ee 5
OTHER TRAITS ey
ee SS PRELU TE)
BG ELUDE
OO0000 |
OO0000 !
OO000O0 +
OO0000 |
MERITS © ees
—— HOME seep REE!
LAWS ey
see (0S a ee | \SS((/\{
Age.
Hair.
Eyes.
Height cs ((()\TA(TS ALLIES apes |
Weight.
Sex
Identifying Marks__
Nationality
BRAWLING CHART sees = §))\))//()5 |.) ee
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 Special
Grapple Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1
Punch  Dex+Brawl 6. Strength 1
EQUIPMENT
cis Rank Roll Difficulty |
Possessions (owned)
Jd a eee feaeeye |

TRUTH WITHOUT PARADOX.

All that "higher-self" stuff is crap, kid. Magic takes
discipline. It takes study. Lots of folks think you can
just "ascend" to some advanced state and the world
will be at your fingertips.

Rubbish!

THE KEY 10 KNOWLEDGE, STRENGTH (
AND POWER.

You want the truth? You have to learn the truth, the Craft,
the Art. You won't find it in some fruity New Age blather
or some secret laboratory. The Truth takes dedication,
kid, but it pays off. You've seen what I can do.
And you want to do the same.
Think you have what it takes? Let's see.
The Truth is right here in my hand.
If you want it, you'll have to take it.

1 AM THE MAGICIAN,
AND MY WILL IS LAW.

A stand-alone book for World of Darkness
chronicles, this sorcerer's handbook contains all
you need to play a wizard on the fringes of society.

F

It includes:
* Systems, Paths, Merits and Flaws for hedge Pita
magicians.

¢ A host of secret societies, lore and

templates.
* Crossover notes for other World of

Darkness games.

ISBN 1-56504-451-7
ww4010 $16.00 U.S

| ll | |
