# File: Sorcerer (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

THE Book @F S@ORCERERS AND PSYCHICS FOR IMAGE: THE ASCENSION"


< 4

By C@NRAD HUBBARD, HEATHER GROVEAND SCOTT TAYLOR 5)
TOMES Sy WOR YT ta Wig YEA my Hig YEA med PEN J Mb ATS Aa! eat

pl Vey eli ae) ef obs chy Tee GT aul Cape :

CREDITS SPECIAL THANKS
Authors: Conrad Hubbard, Heather Grove, Scott Taylor — Conrad "Webslave" Hubbard, who put things in order and

Additional Writing: Jess Heinig and Chris Nasipak even got everyone chatting about it.

Development: Jess Heinig Kraig "Tingly" Blackwelder, for sharing his journeys into
Editing: John Chambers weekend retreats in exquisite detail.

Art Direction: Aileen Miles John "Oedipus" Chambers, for his reaction to Kraig's
Interior Art: Langdon Foss, Matthew Mitchell, Ron journeys.

Spencer

Cover Art: David Leri
Front and Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten
Layout and Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Vampire, Mage the Ascension, World
of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the
Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Sorcerer Revised, Kinfolk Unsung Heroes and Demon Hunter X are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA.

my ig ea '" "


feet = | 2 A See ae SS {i—t—\ an
re —sA 7 — — phen _— ‘en
oo
™ i) re
ZI

55

0

t
yh tet

Revisep Epition

C@NTENTS

PR@L@GUE: GREEN FOR THE EARTH
INTR@DUCTION

CHAPTER NE: THE TWILIGHT \X/@RLD
CHAPTER T W/@: SORCER®US SOCIETIES
CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION
CHAPTER F@UR: PATHS AND RITUALS
CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHEN@ITIENA
CHAPTER SIX; STORYTELLING

: ‘ CAE iy é .
THEMES SHU YE Weg VEL Tid VEN MaMa TE yy RATE Ua BabA!
ala t ‘ iss 8, RCRe ae, oP pe nsf

ar ee Vs ize roby oh, Me et Tegal a

‘ Peal Ta
|
i

Me pa

4
sy

ee

a ee a a ee ee oe

Tas lsaud wn ey

me ire

=a a ee 5


FR Ti

Jeb Moran stared at the earth beneath his
feet. The ground was dry and dusty; most
of the grass had already died. Jeb's skin
was dry and dusty too — he refused to use
the rose-scented moisturizer his wife
Mandy bought at the grocery, so cracks
split the calluses on his fingertips open
¥ Short, gray hair stuck to his forehead in
the heat.

So you see," he said, "if this

CAAA A

A F
eed VER MMi RP yy Md

any

RE

SUDA A

"t
tes Jp.

RHR

crop dies, we'll lose the house." His voice cracked.
"Mandy's relatives hate me, so we'll have no place to
go." He kept his eyes on the ground.

Bruce Clark nodded, his eyes on the sky. The sky
was clear and achingly blue, and the weather report
that morning had only predicted more of the same. His
own dark hair stuck up into the air in places where he'd
run his hands through it, and rivulets of sweat beaded
along his jaw-line. He was a big man, and he moved

PRELUDE: GREEN FOR THE EARTH
vat


\

slowly, thoughtfully. He nodded. "That would be a
right shame, it would." He chose his words carefully —
he knew how difficult it had been for Jeb to come to
him, and he didn't want to hurt the man's pride. "I'd
hate to lose you as neighbors. I'm sure there'll be some
rain soon."

Jeb glanced up at him sharply. "You're sure?"

"As sure as I can be." Bruce smiled. "Now why
don't you go home. Weather like this is nothing to be
running around in; you heard the advisory on the
radio. I'll see you tomorrow."

Jeb relaxed visibly. "I'll do that."

Bruce nodded and smiled.

eee

for the earth," he whispered as he put the lighter in his
pocket and turned off the flashlight. Susan had taken out
another knife, and both of the women lit their candles,
whispering the same benediction.

Bruce held his candle high, as he drew a circle around
them in the dirt with his knife — he tried to relax and
hold his concentration as he felt the hot wax drip onto his
fingers. He put the candle down on a rock near the center
of the circle and lifted an old, leather-bound book from
the trunk. He read rough, guttural words from its pages —
no one knew what the words meant, but they'd been
taught to pronounce the syllables long ago. Not knowing
what he said only heightened the sense that something
special was about to happen. He felt the quickening of his
heartbeat, at once familiar and exciting. He passed the

"But sweetheart, are you sure this is such a good idea?"
Emily's brow furrowed right up the middle, pointing
straight to the part in her red hair. "Your father said that
big things like rainstorms were only for emergencies..."

Bruce put his hands on his wife's arms and smiled
down into her warm brown eyes. "I can't let Jeb down,
you know that. Now please call my sister and tell her
to come home for dinner tonight."

Emily pulled her flower-printed calendar and ad-
dress book from the hand-carved bookcase next to the
dining room table. She flipped through it until she
found the right page and picked up the phone.

Our?

0G
ws,

book to Emily, and each family member in turn read from
its pages.

Emily put her candle on the ground and stepped to
the center of the circle. She closed her eyes and
reached out with her hands and her mind. She felt a
spark as her awareness touched the sky, and she gasped
for breath. "As our fathers and mothers before us have
always done, we call to the earth and beg a reply. Bring
rain for the crops, or we shall die." In the distance, a
faint peal of thunder sounded.

Susan looked up into the night sky at the sound of

E

Bruce kissed his wife on the forehead. "Thank you."

Emily smoothed one sweaty hand against her yel-
low dress. "Well, like you said, we can't let Jeb down."
She smiled.

Dinner had come to an end. Emily and Susan
cleared away the last of the dishes; Emily had brought
out the good blue tablecloth for the occasion, and
Susan had made her famous maple-apple pie. Everyone
was stuffed and happy.

Emily shooed Anne, her 12-year-old daughter,
into the kitchen. "Take care of dishes; we need to
handle the crops."

"Can't I help? I'm old enough now. I've been doing
my studies." Anne put her hands on her jeans-clad hips.

"Don't argue with me." Emily glared at Anne, and
Anne turned to the kitchen with a roll of her eyes.

Bruce watched her go and shrugged. "We should
initiate her soon. She is old enough."

"Oh, don't you let her hear you, or she won't give
up nearly so easily next time," Emily teased him.

eee

By the light of a flashlight, Bruce took a sturdy
hunting knife from the trunk and a grass-green beeswax
candle. He stuffed the knife under his arm, while he
pulled out a cheap plastic lighter and lit the wick. "Green

thunder and shuddered — she'd done things like this
for years, but it never failed to bring a flush to her
cheeks. She brought her attention back to the circle
and took her place in the center. "In return, we give of
ourselves. We nourish the earth, so that it might
nourish us in return." She ran her knife along the
inside of her left arm and stiffened at the pain. Her
breath hissed as she squeezed her arm so the blood
would drip onto the dirt and the yellowed grass. An-
other peal of thunder sounded, a little closer this time.
A cool breeze cut through the heat.

Bruce closed the book and put it back in the trunk.
The knives joined it, and the extinguished candles.
The flashlight shone out over the field once again.
Emily laughed as she shut her eyes and turned her face
up to the breeze. She could already feel the moisture in
it, the promise of rain.

"It feels incredible," she said.

"The magic or the coming rain?" her husband
asked with a smile as he wrapped his arms around her
from behind. They heard Susan gather up the last
contents of the trunk and carry it back toward the
farmhouse.

"Both." She pressed her hands into his and stood
for a long time, until a drop of rain fell onto her face,
landing in the corner of her closed eye.

She shivered.

Nothing had ever felt so perfect in the entire world.


PRELUDE: GREEN FOR THE EARTH
' ae P
ar Ty | Me Me Lee a eG ee a a FT
b Lh Fue | tom i ee as
id

Pe i nT ee | i Ae} St ig

ee ha 0 ot ee

}


INTR@DUCTION

iu

i}
I

Suh

SUDA

ni

ROT

Te

FE RTE TR eR Te TR Me TR ee Th Me

Welcome to the newly revised edition of Sor-
cerer, the book of Numina for Mage: The
Ascension. While Mage deals with those phe-
nomenalhumanswho've Awakened tothe power
to change reality, Sorcerer details those who
[] have discovered a more limited path to power.
Still, they're nothing to sneeze at — a sorcerer,
though perhaps not as flexible, is just as much a
dweller in the occult world as any mage.

A sorcerer leads a sort of half-Awakened life, right on the
cusp of the magical world but without the breadth and flexibility
of a full Awakened mage. Grasping at the mythic threads held
in legend and history, some resurrect ancient magics from ages
long ago. Others push themselves to extraordinary understand-
ing of science or spirituality and develop the capacity to exceed
normal people in phenomenal ways. One can hardly call
sorcerers "limited" — they have far more wisdom, and far more
concomitant peril, than most mundane humans. While Awak-
ened magesare the trailblazers who forge new ways, thesorcerers
are those humans who dare to walk those paths opened by the
Awakened instead of complacently waiting for the world to
come to them.

4 My, bi

ders Oo ae Lo

Ze
YEN Waal YP

Herein, you'll find newly updated rules for sorcerers,
their Paths, their societies and practices, plus a complete set
of psychic Numina, new guidelines for storytelling and
character creation rules for the numinous mortals of Mage.
So, without further ado..

Chapter One: The Twilight World introduces the
world from the point of view of a sorcerer.

Chapter Two: Sorcerous Societies looks into the many
groups of sorcerers, how they operate, who they recruit and
what they believe. Here you'll also discover the role of
sorcerers in the various Traditions and Conventions.

Chapter Three: Character Creation examines the
creation rules for numinous mortals, including their special
Merits, Abilities and powers.

Chapter Four: Paths and Rituals covers all manner of
magical abilities that sorcerers practice, from alchemy to
techno-sorcery.

Chapter Five: Psychic Phenomena unearths the strange
mental powers possessed by a blessed (or cursed?) few.

Chapter Six: Storytelling advises on how to include
sorcerers in games, how to integrate sorcery with the World
of Darkness and ways to make sure that sorcerers don't take
second seat to more flexible mages.

INTR@DUCTION 9



AM AAS

uh

=
—.

TP ae

EU A Au

y

J] I know what my sisters do not know. I have seen
what my brothers have not seen. And I can never
tell them, for it would break our circle. All I can
do is protect them from what they do not know

— Caroline Goldberg, Newburg Night
Cabal, at age 26

——_

Who Are We? =
My name is Caroline, and I have lived for more than 70 years; I spent the

Mast 30 of those chronicling the of cabals from Maine to Zimbabwe
and Cambodia to Alaska. In those years, have seen things that do not exist,
and I have done things that cannot pe done. Yet, I am nothing compared to
the monsters that walk in the shadows. Iam a "just ," like normal humans are
"just" —at least, to those others. Among my own people, I am respected for
my knowledge and wisdom, looked up to for the powers I have gained. Some would
say that I have achieved my hopes and dreams — far more so, at least, than
most people ever have the chance to. eran

We sorcerers are the in-betweens — we walk the twilight world. We are
Witimam, entirely mortal. No spirits ride our backs. We have @ pulse and warm
plood. And-yet we can do things no human should do. We are a contradiction

rete

CHAPTER @neé: THE TWILIGHT W/@RLD ll

Dale te Se

—
how

us, respect us, worship us ink we're kind of pathetic. We are religious
leaders, professors, busines: nm, farmers and housewives, and we are pawns,
fodder for other people's" wars and sometime-companions to those other
creatures. Perhaps you can see now why, we set such stock in secrecy.

What is it like to be one of us? It's heartbreaking. Every child dreams of
magic. Everyone wishes they had powers beyond the norm. Who hasn i daydreamed
of calling forth fire, summoning a spirit or changing their shape? Who hasn't
longed for the things our parents told us weren't true? Who hasn "t wished, just
for a moment, for even the dark things to be real — just so long as it meant
that magic was real, too? To be a sorcerer is to know these things, to understand
"them, to feel the rush of them in | your belly — to gasp at the thrill along your

" spine when you create that first "spark, When you summon that first breeze to
caress your palm. We fight hard for every understanding we reach, and this only
makes the knowledge that much more veers when we uncover it.

Few mention this to their students ing with the more traditional warnings,
but sorcery is addictive. Once you see someone do something that cannot be done
— once you taste real magic — you can never go back. This addiction bites both
ways, of course. It gives us the enthusiasm and motivation we need for the
endless studying and practice, the incredible effort of will that is sorcery.
Yet, it also leads some of us to make bargains with devils, demons and far
stranger things in the rush to learn more.

For those very few of us who have seen the other things that walk the earth,
it bites even deeper. Imagine if you will that you've just gotten your first

car, after working for years to pay for it. You're jineredibly excited that you
ean drive now, you can go wherever you want. You're free. Then you discover
one day that there are people out there who can fly. Suddenly your car doesn't
look so amazing any more. It's slow and clunky. But you will never be able to
fly - it's impossible for you. And you neeuey cx. return to your innocent state,
to your enthusiasm and your freedom. You are forever defined by the boundaries
of your now much=smaller car. —

I suppose I am a little bitter. Pay me no mind, please.

I think the ritual of sorcery attracts as many people as the power. People
have an instinctive love of ritual — it makes us belong. I believe this is the
secret behind the great power religion has over the masses. Even some mental
illnesses breed ritual —the motions an obsessive-compulsive performs make her
feel better; she becomes stressed if she is prevented from performing them.
Whispered prayer calms us. Prescribed motion settles us. Ritual» focuses our
will, helps us to control our bodies and centers our minds» Many ‘meditations
Savory' breathing exercises or precise bodily motion (such as tai chi, which
to some people is a meditation-in-motion) —another type of ritual. Those people
who lead us in ritual, such as priests, hold great sway over our emotional and
Spiritual lives. People give money and time to churches in return for the
comfort of ritual. They turn to religion — to ritual — whenever they are most
in need, when they have lost loved ones, jobs and homes.

I took an evening psychology class some few years ago, and the lecturer said,

"neurosis sis a private religion; religion is a public neurosis." Sorcery is
both our religion and our neurosis. It is our comfort and our obsession, our
solace and psychosis. It may help us to put our lives back together after some
tragedy, or it may send us over the edge. It gives us something to belong to
and believe in and sets us forever apart from our fellow man. It is the between-
place, the sharp divide, the fine line and the twilight path. We stand between

of terms, and that makes us oe ain to everyone. Those who know of us fear

« pl = the mortals and the terror that hunts the night, and we may give aid in the

yk

form of potions, devices, voodoo and spells, or we may apprentice ourselves

S@RCERER a
; ety Th Oak aT bal qs

lind
hte


to those same terrors 13 ager of gaining greater powers We may not be
at the top of the food cha put we do matter. Don t ever let bitter old

° like me convince you otherwise.

Companions #
What most people call a cabal, I call a church, but I'll stick to the usual

terminology so as to avoid confusing you. As I said, I see no real difference
between ritual and religion, So my ritual is my religion. Those who try to
convince themselves that their cabal does not matter to them or that their

cabal is only a collection of colleagues are lying to themselves. You cannot
b pat such an emotional stakesint work and claim that those you work with

sean nothing to you — and you perform magic without emotion. There

comes @ point when the work and those performing it become one and the same,
when the magic and the man pecome inseparable. That is the act of will.
e us a place to be who we ares They

-Cabals soothe and welcome. They"
help us to reach our full potential. Or they can pressure us into doing things
+s from us and lead us along the

we aren't ready for, keep all of their secre

darkest of roads with bright promises and lies. I've known cabals that make

demons look slack, they re so adept at sucking people down the wrong path.
Cabals can be about the search for knowledge, companionship, simple
practicality, religious zealotry or several things at once»

Never make the mistake of pelieving that cabals are simple social clubs.
Your cabal is your responsibility. You have responsibilities to your cabal
— these differ from cabal to cabal — and you have responsibilities with
respect to your cabal. This includes the need to take note if your cabal
appears to be headed down the wrong path and to either help to turn them back
if possible or turn them over to someone better able to handle the situation
if you cannot. Worst case, if there is no one petter able to handle the
situation —and there rarely is—it "s your responsibility to run awaye You're
just as guilty if you stand by and watch atrocities being committed as if
you'd committed them yourself.

Membership in a cabal may come

with resources and responsibilities. It
often comes with a cause, as well. If you're lucky, you may be filled with
the rightness of your cause, uplifted and inspired. If you aren't lucky»
you'll find yourself wondering what your cabal is really up to and why they
seem to be hiding things from you. You may be pulled into @ ‘search for
forbidden knowledge, an exploration of self-discovery — anything from
deviltry to divinity and everything in-between. Cabals are pescnen Ss
almost impossible to learn what you really need to know without. r ie
cabals are also dangerous. They concentrate all the human frailties of th ir ris i

4

ag

members in one direction — sorcery+
ad I'll give you a few examples of cabals I've seen and heard about; I suspect
oe pe far more effective than any pontificating I could doe P)
¥ A group of students at the college I went to sat around doing drugs and %:
having Visions. They seemed pretty harmless. I wasn + into the drug thing,
and e time, I didn't even realize they were anything other than lazy )
"students — it wasn't until later that I could look back and recognize the
signs. They sucked people in, though, and those people lost months and years
"to the drugs and visions. Some of them went crazy from what they saw and ended
» mp on psych wards. One killed himself; I still don't know why he did it. Others
just lost $ime that they could have spent learning other magics. I don't want
you to think that they were bad — some of them went on to do great things,
and one or two developed true power in those smoky rooms. They just weren't

for me.

: CHAPTER @NE THE TWILIGHT \W@RLD 3
4 ahhig FEA
nl Ve d= te

o mpe oy cA


It does go to show you th you have
to be careful about the cabal join.
Don't assume that anyone Who does
sorcery is capable of teaching you
wonderful things. I could tell you to
treat it like going to college, to
interview and look around, take tours
and stay overnight. But that woulan't be
helpful. Maybe in an ideal world this
would be possible, but it isn't as though
there's a list of cabals somewhere with
‘names and contact numbers and lists of
their likes, dislikes and bad habits.
(This one's a party cabal; that one's Es
serious scholars; etc.) Just be care u
is all.

I once met a member of a cabal that
operated much like a writer's group. They
got together once or twice a week and
presented their latest magical work to
each other —the results of their studies,
their newest accomplishments, their theo~
vies and moments of enlightenment. They
pointed out the flaws in each other's work
and helped each other to figure out how to
make things better. Other than that, they
stayed out of each other's lives, apart
from the occasional dinner together. They
convinced themselves that they aian't »
matter all that much to each other; it was
just an issue of practicality. Eventu=
ally, one of them slaughtered half of the
group before he could pe stopped — the
danger of telling powerful people to not
care about each other.

My own cabal wasa tight-knit group.
We bought @ house in the suburbs, because

5 that way we could get lots of space for
not too much money» We spent the rest of
our pooled money on books and ritual
materials and on the special renovations
we wanted. We performed rituals in the
morning to greet the day, rituals before
meals and rituals for every sort of
special Occasion. We studied when we
weren't "workings and we spent our
evenings in quiet contemplation, in
ae study or in the practice of our art. You
"4 haven't seen anything until you've seen
an entire floor of a house with the
interior walls knocked out, huge windows
) reflecting the light of 100 blue candles,
I arcane symbols painted on every wall and

t S@RCERER
, thi, ME
boa |


floor — some even on the ceil:

. And who could forget the figures draped in
white robes, chanting in eve r

guage from Latin to Egyptian. We aid this
on the fourth floor, and eno ees grew outside that we felt no need to cover
the windows while we worked. This eventually proved to be our undoing, but that
is another story. If there is anything you can learn from my cabal, it is to
keep a cool head. Don*t get too cocky, and stay in touch with the real world.
No matter how well intentioned your cabal, it s dangerous to lose touch with
life.

I knew a band that acted as a cabal; some of their stage shows were intricate ©
rituals. Don't laugh. Words carefully scripted, every note accounted for, and
they knew exactly where on the sta, they'd move at every turn. It was beautiful -

to watch them. I also knew a trave theater group that worked sorcery, but =
"they didn't work it into their pe: s — they tried to keep the two parts

of their lives as separate as possi'
And then there was the earth cul of my cabal-mates almost joined. It

was one of those earth-mother Gaia-w: ip sorts of groups. Lots of crystals
and litanies about the moon, that kind of thing. They were so sweet; I'd almost
expect them to hold bake sales. But once a month, when that precious moon of
theirs grew dark, so did they. Rumor has it they sacrificed babies on those
nights, but I expect that's hyperbole — it must have been animals, or someone
would have noticed all those children disappearing. Anyway, those sweet girls
went out into the woods, painted themselves up with blood and called down dark
magics upon everyone who'd ever wronged them. You really didn't want to get
on their bad side. The plumber who hit on one of them never walked again after |
the next new moon. Maybe you can say they didn't hurt anyone who didn't hurt
them first, but if you ask me, they went more than a little overboard. ]
It's easy to go overboard, though, when you get caught up in magic. You think, 4)
I can make charms and call down hellfire upon my enemies heads, so it s okay
for me to do it, right? I mean, what's the point of having these abilities if
I don't use them? And when you' hurt bécause someone betrayed you or angry
at the trick someone pulled on you, it s hard to remember that they're just
mortal — they don't have the resources we have and have no protections against
our magics. I think the difference between a "good" and a "bad" cabal is the
ability of the cabal to gently restrain its members' darker impulses. A good
cabal will find a way to repress or channel those impulses to another end, rather
than allow them to run rampant. Don't be fooled, however; very few cabals ever
figure out how to do it successfully. Eventually, someone always snaps.

The Difficult Road 3 ee
There are those for whom magic comes naturally, instinctively, intuitively."
Oh yes, they have to work for it, but not like we do. They have spirits to guide
them and push them in the right direction. And where one of us might create
a ritual through years of study, a few can weave with a simple word or gesture;

} have the knowing of magic, they can bend it as they will without following
all of its rules. Where we must study for years and years to be able to see
into the' spirit world, some of their basest beginners can do the same. They
study foridecades in order to become powerful beyond your wildest dreams; we
study for decades to be able to heal someone's wounds without too much trouble.
We both do magic. A few of these think that they have some special gift or talent
that sets them apart. Perhaps they do; I have my sorcery and if, perhaps, I
am limited by the rules and rituals I know, so too, do I not suffer the mistakes

and backfires of someone who tries to tamper wantonly with such potent forces.

Don't listen to anyone who tells you that your magic is inferior. We're

sorcerers, and that's honorable. So we may not have some spirit or inspiration
giving us a leg up and shortcut into the theory of magic. It means we also don't ie

CHAPTER Ove THE TwiiceT Wert 15 fy
t
‘ Ubi a!

Pei aa

av
ye Wig TEN Tye

eee AEM "Wee YER fa Heg


when you can learn magic on your

"

have some spirit telling us wait, do. I hear that, for some shamans, their

spirits hold their magical" y hostage until they learn to jump through
the right hoops. And if you/don't do it the way the spirit wants, well, you
don't get that little bit of enlightenment you were searching for, too bad for
yous You just have to start all over again until you get it right. If you ask
me, that's too high a price to pay for any power. Might as well sell your soul
to the Devil at that rate; at least you get to choose that — I understand that
many don't choose their mses; just as they have inspiration, so too, are they ~
driven, and it can drive you to ess or death. I hear some of these chaotic
spirits are pretty nasty too, With their own agendas and goals. Why leave
_yourself at the mercy of something ya didn *t even get the option of choosing,
nstead? So our magic will never be as

At least it's ours.

powerful or as versatile as some of th 4 who just have the gift." So what?

ah

ti

Our magic almost never "just come: us." Some sorcerers have a greater
intuition than others regarding their Path, it's true. Others have "psychic"
abilities that are more inherent than learned. But by and large, we're on our
own. We must find a mentor, a teacher or a library to get anywhere, if not all
three. Rituals don't just pop up out of the earth, after all. We must research
and develop them, painstakingly, over time. We dig up what others before us
have done and recreate what was lost. But at least once we "ve done we know that,
time after time, unless we screw something up, we can repeat the same ritual
over and over and reliably get the same result. I can paint the same symbols,
speak the same syllables, make the same motions and have the same spirit appear
in my attic. There's a lot to be said for this sort of dependability.

Also, while our magic may go wrong — say, if we break the circle we stand in
or pronounce a syllable incorrectly — it doesn 't mess with us the way it does to
those who try to bend its rules. Those who try to force their will over the proper
rituals are subject to the vicissitudes of the world ina way that a careful magician
never is. Bad things may happen if we screw up, but at least we aren't as likely
to take a building of innocent bystanders with us when we go.

Secrecy is of paramount importance to us. Without it, our lives become
incredibly difficult. Normal mortals will fear or revile us. Some will worship
us —and this can be even worse than their fear. Other magicians and the other
ereatures you know nothing about will look down on us, use us to fight their
battles or kill us when we become an annoyance to them. Some lead us along with
promises, claiming that they can teach us what they know — do not believe them.
What they are we either cannot or mist not become. The only ones who are ‘Optab tis
of conferring their ability upon us are the very worst of all.

Far too many of our kind have died in the service of other creatures' battles.
Bo not allow them to recognize and categorize Yous or yous too, will likely
end your life on someone else's battlefield. It isn't worth it, no matter how
sexy. you think the vampire is, no matter how beautiful or powerful the ghost.
The monsters out there can eat you for breakfast — don *t forget it. Our weapons
are secreey and subtlety. We can hold our own but only tf we're earexuls

At this. ‘rate, though, you' re going to think the sorcerer's life isn't worth
it. Emphi tically, it is. When you get something right, you know you did it
yourself, with perseverance and hard work — it wasn t some damn spirit doing
it for youe You answer to yourself and your cabal, not some overarching
Tradition or Convention (although some of our people have been known to
willingly help those magicians and their enemies — Tt ap never understand why).
You don't follow the dictates of some spirit, and you aren't required to throw
your life away in some ancient and misunderstood war. In short, you are free.
You may think your magic limiting, the rules stifling and the price high, but

16 SORCERER
ify eT
Ye at 4

wt

» tr


oe MO re ge Nr oe | |
hi uf

you have a talent that ob: yur commands and brings you knowledge and —
confidence, and you owe it to yourself, not to some demon or curse or
spirit. We are our own maste. We rule our magic and ourselves. What we do,
we do by our own choice. That is something we have gained by being human, and
it is something we should hold onto for dear life. It is far more precious
than any power on earth. 3

bs

The Why of What We Do
Why do people become sorcerers? You might as well ask why people become
police officers or professors or parents. They do it because they want to.
"They do it because they think they can
feel they have no choice. Everyone
's of traveling and studying various
), I've heard almost as many reasons

do some good. Or they do it bee
does it for his own reason. In mj
cabals (and even a few solitary sorcere
tor the study of sorcery as I have me@# sorcerers.

Some people do it to protect the. es against the evil things that walk
the earth. When you're mortal, i easy to feel powerless against the
monsters; anything that gives you a leg up is desirable. Some do it to protect
themselves against mundane enemies —wouldn't you like to be able to get the
police off of your back if you're wanted in five states? Protection is a heavy
part of sorcery. Look in any paperback on magical herbalism and you'll find
that roughly 80 percent of the herbs out there can be used for protection
against "evil spirits." (The other 20 percent are for fertility. Some of the
80 percent are for fertility and driving away evil spirits) Evil spirits, of
course, can be interpreted to mean almost anything. For example, garlic was
never a specific ward against vampires —it was, like every other herb, a ward
against evil spirits. Vampires just fell into that category along with
everything else out there. Bad luck was an evil spirit, and the hatred of your
enemies took the form of evil spirits. So protection, as a blanket desire,
holds a powerful place in the 1s of Sorcery, and many of our rituals can
be either directly or indirest Timed in the attempt to protect ourselves from
the dangers we encounter. 3

Others become sorcerers in order to protect the people around them. The
altruistic use their skills in order to keep others alive, protect people from
knowledge of the supernatural and undo the harm that befalls those around them
(physical and emotional, natural and supernatural). I've known doctors. in
hospitals who practiced sorcery on their patients. I've heard of detectives
who used sorcery to help them track down criminals. Not all sorcerers
bearded old men in ivory academic towers, studying dusty old books.

Many variations upon the traditional theme of revenge exist. What » ;
way to strike back against your tormentors or those who killed someone close
to you than to learn the ways of sorcery? It is traditionally the tool of she
who has no other way to strike back against those who have harmed her, she
who-has no other recourse — she who could not find redress within the standard
means provided by society. This is perhaps why so many who were "outsiders"
in their youth find their way to sorcery — they had no other way to repay those
they hated. They had no other means to feel powerful.

This brings us to the next reason — to feel powerful. So many of us feel
as though we re at the bottom of one food chain or another. No matter what
we're at the top of, there's always someone else looking hungrily down at us.
Sorcery can make you feel a little more in control, although there is always
a debate as to whether or not this feeling is illusory. It can make you feel
worthwhile and special. Some say this is not a good reason to learn sorcery.
But who can say that this reason is not at the heart of most of the others?
You may claim that you learned sorcery in order to protect other people, but

CHAPTER @NE: THE TWILIGHT W/@RLD

"4

yry hig FEL My

j Lr

ray= *

fA
yy SMEAG a abuts!
yet f

7


you obviously felt that you bo ae powerful enough to do it on your own, 4:
you? So isn't power once at the heart of the matter?

Some learn sorcery simply as & means to an end, & way to accomplish some
specific task. It rarely stops there, of course. AS I said earlier, sorcery
is addictive; it's a shiny thing that's hard to put down once y u've picked
it up. Very few of these people learn only as much as they need to know and
no more. Most continue their studies long after their goal has peen achieved.
Some lose sight of their goal in the pursuit of their studies- J

Simple curiosity may be the reason behind one's forays into sorcery+ You
yead about a spell, and out of curiosity, you try it. Maybe it works, maybe

{it doesn't, but now you want) to know about other spells. Is this stuff real?
‘Is it not? So many people get hooked just trying to find out if this kind of

"thing can really work. I would include in this group those people who delve
into sorcery in order to feel what I sal "the touch of magic." These are the
people who would do anything to get # thrill along their spine that working
magic gives them. These are also the people most likely to perform sex magic,
put I digress.

Family tradition is a powerful reason. Some sorcerous orders require blood
relationship as a precursor to initiation (although some will allow those who
marry into the family to join, under certain circumstances). I met a man once
who had been trained in the ways of his cabal since he was five years old. Rituals
were weekend family outings with picnics and barbecue. I'll never understand
it —it seems to lack the sense of mystery and wonder that to me characterize
so much of sorcery — but I guess it works for them.

Mental illness is another reason that someone might choose to pursue the
sorcerous arts. Some would hate me for saying this, would say that I'm
perpetuating a pad stereotype.» But it's true. Sometimes people try to muck with
the stuff of the universe because they re messed up in the head. Maybe they
think theyre gods, or maybe they want a way to hurt lots of people. Maybe their
illness makes them think they're eapable of sorcery, and somehow, it really
works. Not all mentally ill sorcerers are bad people — mania is a popular
disorder to find among sorcerers, perhaps because one of the symptoms of mania
is "religious feelings" — which brings us back to "the touch of magic." Who
can say you'd know the difference between the two? But some of those who find
their way into sorcery through mental illness are dangerous people indeed.
luckily, they're also the ones who are most likely to get fried when they decide
they're capable of calling on massively dangerous spirits and

One reason for becoming a sorcerer that may surprise yo
When the rest of your family does it, every one of your: S We: |
through initiation when they reached puberty, and it's expected of you, it can q
be hard to say no» The same is true when your friends try to push you into ite
‘Too many people embarked upon the road of sorcery not because they want to,
put because someone dragged them into it.

How We Become What We Are

Much of the how is wrapped up in the why. The family initiates those people
who join family cabals. If your friends push you into sorcery, then they re
usually the ones handing out books, telling you to sacrifice small animals and
cobbling together some trumped-up "initiation rite" they found in a fantasy
novel. If simple curiosity drew you into sorcery then you probably learned your
first stumbling spells from pooks at the library, or @ New Age bookstore.
Intense personal study and meditation have a long and venerable tradition;

don't let anyone tell you otherwise.

wy 18 ~~ S@RCERER
na tO The

af Saal ¥

Mu hie ;
| Tape i - '


Maybe you found some weird ‘site Sn the World Wide Web that had spells on
it. Don't look so surpris: ay be old, but I'm up with the times. Some
of these sites are legi up by people who believe that all people
have the right to protect ves against the bad things out there. Others
are attempts to recruit people — they 11 put up spells that are wrong, that
shouldn | "t do anything and see who comes back with, "well, the spell you put
up didn't work, but then I thought, what if I did this? And it worked." Some
people have an intuition about spells and rituals, and those are valuable
recruits. You mst beware, however; some web sites are traps. There are groups
out there that don't like ople mess with reality, and they 11 do
anything they can to root us tomp on us.

Some people, as I said, have § jive sense for sorcery. They might start
out with things they find in th e and alter them to suit their own
tastes. Or they might make up their terial. Most people really do need
some teacher — whether it's a pe book — but these few can get by on
their own. They might never learn thi ally powerful things, and they rarely
get far with spirit magic (which requires that you know which spirit
you're calling on), but they hold their own.

A mentor is the best way to lea: sorcery but, of course, leaves you open
to the perils of finding the wrong tor. Some cabals and individual sorcerers
follow potential recruits for weeks, even years, before deciding to invite them
in. Others simply provide the opportunity to the potential recruit and declare
that recruit ready to join when es things out for himself. Some people
find cabals and invite themselves —this is a dangerous game, though, because
not all sorcerers are nice people; some 1d rather kill you than invite you
to share their fire. Some cabals put - Y recruits through tests — some of
these are ritualistic, but others may be quite deadly.

Ultimately, there are as many ways + do. Sorcery, as many ways to learn it,
as many ways to get involved with it oN here are cabals. And there are a lot
of cabals out there. Oh, they' +7 ry 8 street corner — not even in every
major city. There are whole states without any sorcerous communities. But if
you travel the world as I have, you"ll eventually find quite a few sorcerers
out there. Be careful — most of them are not your friends. Until you are as
old and as learned as I am, I would not recommend doing what I have done. I
have escaped from privacy=minded cabals by the skin of my teeth, and I've taken
my share of wounds. ee ee my research will mean that you may stay safe
at home. Z

Wen yrs "ed YEA
a ala

19

iy


RRA 8,

fy]
4}
maNt S|

1

S@RCER®US
S@CIETIES

PE TRE TREE TRE TR CE TR Me TOR Tie ne Te

BR TR a

OB, RAGHURAM MeO NG dt

‘

They can because they think they can.
— Virgil

7 THE FRITS OF TMAGIC teach it new tricks, and so, it tries to bite you now and then.

1am trying to get it to do tricks it already knows, which may

For the last time, I get so sick and tired of cake longer sometimes, but at least the old girl seems happy

hearing about "hedge magic." Hearing that — ¢ roll over, fetch or play dead without ripping my arm off.

particularly stupid phrase just makes me think Think | am limiting myself? Well, this universe of ours is an

of enchantments for clipping large ornamen- fully old dog, and she's got a list of tricks we may never
tal shrubbery. Magic is magic. hae

If it will help you to understand better, — Hurai the Acolyte

think of the universe as an old dog. You try to

CHAPTER TW/@: SORCER®US SOCIETIES 21
f ¢

ee PE, SEE ee Mag PEN HN

(hs Oak tht
| t


—
Ld

¢@
>
4
1

Studies of the Nature of Linear Magic in peter to Further pre Universal
Understanding of the Word ;

earl
LA

as "Excerpts from the lectures of Hur: pof.House aon ate we
74 Greetings, fellow Hermetics. I hope that you will forgive ‘me if Ido ,
ra \- sufficiently explain myself, but\I have been given theydifficult tai of
vv | "explaining the underpinnings that static magics from traditions as diyérse as
Vii (>shamanisn, Hermeticism and ‘Kabbalah share. I am sure that many of the terms

SJ that I have chosen to*use would confuse, surprise or perhaps even anger those
re =) of whom™I speak. It is nonetheless true that every theory ofmagic includes*

e ma recognizable elements that we can easily categorize for simple explanation.
<4 AI am not purport ing that the study of magic by any tradition is a simple

vs

OY
as,
iS

only that it.is more useful to establish some terminology with which tometer!
to commonly shared conceptss

I suppose we should start with the exception to whicwt amcertain many ‘of
you willjtake to my terming what has traditionally been. called static =y
aS linear. In truth, what we commonly refer to as static "tagic still contai:
elements of change and would thus be considered a dynamic forces What séparatés
my manipulation of reality from that of more dynamic practitioners, kno}
amongst many of the Order as True Mages, is the following of established pat:
These paths may seem Winding and lost to the uninitiated but grow clear mt
to those who have spent long years studying the ways of magic. By following
@ set method of enunciating certain words of ‘Enochian while exercising the Will
in a precise faction, I can cause Creoifenen, the creation of e, like thus.
Through rigid practice of meditation, certain mohks ace been shown to have
the ability to induce ecstatic visions.

I am quite aware that some of you here can do these things' and mores "Sut
my point is this. I can create this flame in precisely the same  Fashion-ewery
single time via the same action. To make fire from notHing, from thet mindset
of mySelf and others who practice so-called linear sorts of magic, is-a step
by step process. First, I leamned to make a spark, then @dandle and, eventtelly,
under the right circumstafices, a bonfire. The move f: park to vontire has
been a linear progressionmsing the same principles ande ments with greater"
and greater refinement and application of Will. When Iucian "Dark desdribed his
realization of the mastery of the element of fire to me, it became @le ear ¢ at
he had realized some sort of commonality of forces in the Word t grant a
him control - kinetic energies under one set of principles. I can assur
you that this is not the case in my own studies, I am still struggling with >
¢ ; the Spells+to gently nudge the smallest rock practically, yet-can sera
‘ite incinerate that table in front of you. a4
{ru » Thus, I propose that the art of static or "heage" be ge be Borne" ‘linear $

x magic." Magic generally called dynamic or "aviakened" dis' categérical
control that suggests the, designation -of eset a. Various
maptudes of use of the same*effect shall be termed Degreess Those aay pr how

) Coe

abies

it ,
vr bpp yp
GUS


xz 7 a

to enact a single effect to greater-and greater degree most easily lends

itself to being called a Path. I hope it will not be taken as hubris to

further point out that all magic, affinitive or linear, follows
principles of dynamism, stasis® . isis why I recommend a
different label with which to discuss the di feBences between the two forms
of magic.

A practitioner of affinitive magic, for example our esteemed colleagie™
Iucian, manipulates reality with a model that declares that all energies
are similar and thus can be manipulated the same way. The limitation appears

~~ to be that, in order to learn to affect all energies once one decides that
they are the same, one must expand a much larger model to a higher Degree.
A linear practitioner, by way of contrast, uses a very tightly defined model
of one aspect of reality at a time, say fire for example. Advancing the Path
that composes this mich smaller model is a significantly easier task rc
advancing through the more comprehensive affinitive degrees. In a sense,
it requires that one step ‘back again and again to the beginning of a new
Path every timevone wishes to pursue a new ‘binear magical%effect. I fina
that I; must begin at the tiniest Degree with virtually, no benefit gainedy~
from knowledge of Paths that have been,followed to their current canejusional

Qne of the greatest contributions of our Order to the Council of
Traditions was the theory that unified magical concepts into Spheres of
influence. In order to prevent confusion between the Spheres of affinitiv
magical thought and the' Spheres of influence. Which are used almost
precisely the same by linear magic, I propose a return to the classical
term Elements. Modern magical theori ~have grown far beyondthose of the
Mythic Age, and magical Eleme: "are commonly accepted jongst the
traditions to include nine Arte. Herein, I shall refer to them in their
Latin names: Ars Animae (Life), Ars Conjunctionis (Correspondence), Ars
Essentiae (Forces), Ars Fati (Entropy), Ars Manium (Spirit), Ars Materiz#e~
(latter), Ars Mentis (Mind), Ars Temporis (Time)pand Ars Vis (Prime)+dn~
the affinitive school of magical study, these nine ar8 (arts) aretzeated
as complete models of practgce; learning a Degree sof Ars Animae is very
trying but gifts one with an incredible range of thagio tied into.one theory.
Linear magic recognized the usefulness of the — but breaks them
further down into actualapplications.

ArmElement is directed' in use towards a Principle, of "saats) stasis
or entropy+ An effect derived fromArs Animae utilizing the principle of
stasis might be to heal the human bodys The linear practitioner literally,
learns how to use this combination of Principle and Element in one specific

ewaye. At first, @ shaman may learn to apply certain herbal remedies to heal
the mildly sick. Over time, she may learn to regenerate the limbs of an
amputee. This expanding ability to perform greater Degrees of the Same
wrefined-magical power is the Path of the linear mage. Each magical Path ~

# "is an effect of various Degrees of magnitude that falls into one of thew —
ine Elements of magical manipulation and under oneof the three Principles

of metaphysics. What this Bllows us to do is to Create a model of\27 types

of Paths. Regardless of the source of the linear mage' S power,;,every. Path

Of sorcery can be classified thus. uy ereation of fire, for example, is'

Ars Essentiae bynaniss. é % ee

Se ER

1 abit!


7) ——— 7

Pees RTE fe ii

7 a

y aed

mong gd

fame?

ANW/AKENED OR NOT, IT's STILL ITAGIC

Though the preceding essay clearly shows a delinea-
i between Awakened and non-Awakened magic,
ters aren't necessarily so simple in the World of
kness. The opinions of one Hermetic scholar, even if

happen to fit the model of the "game rules," do not
mprise the entirety of Hermetic thought on the subject.
led, many mages would argue that the distinctions are

unnecessary. Why bother labeling some of the less
gifted, less creative magicians as "inferior" or "linear"
magicians? They still do magic. Trying to create divi-
sions is a waste of time — magicians have better thi
to do. The typical mage or sorcerer neither knows nor
cares about the real boundaries between Awakened and
non-Awakened magic.

TTIETAPHYSICAL S@CIETIES

Magical study by the sorcerer of the World of
Darkness is a path worn deep by the travails of
generations of past students and masters. For
most of us, the steady progress offered by
systems that teach, "Do this, and this shall
}} happen," is far easier to understand than the
broad strokes of affinitive magic and its almost
revelatory methods of learning. The linear
A path offers the ideal of hard work achieving
great results. One of the most important facets of linear
magic is that it is more readily able to be taught. Affinitive
magic, such as that practiced by "Awakened" mages, seems
to require a mindset that can be helped by teaching but must
initiate itself through some sort of internal breakthrough.
Linear magic, in contrast, demands tremendous degrees of
practice and education in its ways, with personal leaps
consisting mostly of finally realizing whatsome lesson means.
Indeed, many linear practitioners seem to have a miniature
epiphany, similar to an Awakening but less profound, when
their understanding of mysticism crystallizes into a practical
form. However, they lack the wild flamboyance of the
shatteringly Awakened — they learn through heritage, not
through dynamism.

This principal difference creates a cultural community
that is stronger than most affinitive practitioners' links. The
importance of mentors within linear magic societies is much
greater. The relationships between students and masters are
stronger. One of the results of this closeness has been lower
visibility of sorcerers within mage society; the actions of a
group are quickly credited to the entire Tradition, whereas
the actions of one powerful independent mage gain her
personal fame within magical society. When a mage looks
around her at who is best at what, it is so easy to fall into the
hubris of assuming that those who are well known are the
most potent. In reality, the groups of sorcerers who grow
together through extended mentor and student lines form
tight factions that should not be ignored.

When a student early in her path finds a mentor who
satisfies her dreams of discovering how to perform miracu-
lous feats, a bond forms that can never truly be broken.
Think back to the first schoolteacher that ever taught you
something you found amazing at the time. Now imagine if

24

they had instead taught you to fly, turn lead into gold or
empathetically read emotions. It can be difficult not to
accept the political and social ideas of the teacher, as well as
his metaphysical education. Some teachers even take ad-
vantage of this bond to manipulate their followers into
acting to further their mentors' own interests. Other times,
students simply find their masters have so much to teach that
they never leave. With so many enemies, ranging from
bloodsucking vampires to tyrannical Technocrats to raging
werewolves, many simply band together for survival.

On the mentor's side, there is much he gains from
continuing to help his students. Though many would not
admitit, it is a simple fact that often students show aptitudes
for Paths that even masters find difficult. A student may help
even an aged professor finally understand through some
fresh viewpoint or may simply be able to perform whatever
uses for the Path the mentor might have in his stead. As
noted above, some teachers are willing to exploit their
position in order to further their own agendas. This may be
as benevolentas convincing one's students to do healing and
charity work oras dangerous as inciting murderous hatred for
his enemies. Prestige can also be gained by mentoring a
particularly successful student, raising a master's position in
the eyes of his peers.

Generations of students learning at the feet of those
who have already mastered the secret arts inspires tight,
loyal groups of fellow practitioners. There are always those
who don't fit in though. A young student might realize that
he has taken up a Path that is not to his true taste and, thus,
start again elsewhere. He might be subjected to a cruel
master's games and seek safety in escape from the society.
Depending on the nature of the sorcerous society, itmay seek
to silence him or simply let him go about his way. Even
masters may find reasons to leave their groups. A talented
biogeneticist may find her work claimed by a ruthless rival
and decide that she is tired of being used. Perhaps she starts
her own lab and takes on her own students. She might just
retire to private practice. A psychic master might be expelled
by his order for abuse of power, instigating a psychic war as
he and his students seek revenge upon the rest of the order.
Splinter groups and loner sorcerers add a great sense of
uncertainty and spice to the Tapestry of reality.

19 eaiaye
A iil H


GREAT AND SITIALL

The societies that form when practitioners of the meta-
physical gather are generally small, for a number of obvious
reasons. First of all, only a small portion of humanity as a
whole has the patience or desire to learn how to truly
manipulate the world around them. Most of us have already
been convinced that our environment rules us, rather than
the reverse. Large organizations require strong public sup-
port, which is also lacking for the sorcerer. Many sorcerous
groups are subsets of an even larger organization. This is the
case most clearly with the Traditions and the Technocracy,
but mystical orders capable of practicing magic have also
hidden within larger orders only reputed to have miraculous
powers orsimply assumed to be ordinary sociopolitical forces.
Most of these groups possess less than 100 members; many of
them consist of a mere handful of students surrounding a
single teacher.

FORTAT

INITIATION

This portion of each society's description presents you
with a brief history or introduction to the group from the
point of view of someone inside or an outsider watching. It
isup to youas the Storyteller to determine how much of what
the order believes is real is actually true in your personal
World of Darkness. Some very deluded people can still
manage to learn incredibly potent ways to manipulate real-
ity. Some of them might not be doing exactly what they
think they are doing.

RGANIZATION

Any time you have more than one person together,
some sort of natural, or unnatural, order results. This part of
their description will briefly show you group dynamics and
give insight into how new students are chosen and what they
should expect.

STYLE

Each society has some special way in which they believe
their metaphysical powers work. This model includes the
trappings usually associated with or required by the group's
practitioners.

PATHS

Essentially, this will list the game titles for the various
metaphysical Paths practiced by the magical group in ques-
tion. In parentheses, any alternate name the society uses for
a Path will be noted. For example the Path of Hellfire when
listed with the Star Council might be (Fire in the Sky) and
indicate the mysterious burns associated with UFO sightings.

: a AN 4 pea hak uf tth

ig PN

te f—_, _
—_

wients :
cosine AITI@NG THE
TRADITIONS

Many "Awakened" or affinitive mages do not actually
see any real difference between themselves and their linear
partners. Others indulge in hubris based upon a perceived
difference between their magic. The truth of the matter is
somewhat more complex, of course. In a sense, each type of
mage naturally serves a particular sort of role in their Tradi-
tion, normally without any realization of exactly why they
act as they do. The linear mage is the backbone of the
Tradition, upholding practices of the ages and acting as the
strong link with the beliefs of their culture. The affinitive
mage is the pioneer of the future and the hope that it will be
better. Every Tradition and every faction therefore contains
both linear and affinitive mages, though certain groups'
mindsets favor one or the other.

AKASHIC BROTHERH®®D

The first footsteps of the Akashic pathways are familiar
to most people, at least vaguely, from watching attempts at
dramatizing the lifestyle. A lot of hard work and dedication
goes into learning the techniques that masters make look so
effortless. Of course, not every.group that falls under the
Akashic rubric practices martial arts, or violence of any kind.
Strong asceticprinciples practicéd°on.a regular' basis canalso
create thé signature "unification-of-body-and mind. The

0 er OV.
vane a nh
ajrapani ttudy some cl
me\so instins ini ly/flow forth as
needed), The Omoto>ryu r sees Shinto, Taoism,

Buddhisth ands Se a fespect/for Budo that
incarnated ir Motihei Uyeshiba, the great teacher' who
founded Aikido. It is perhaps ‘one of the best examples of
teaching alinear path, formulaic almost in its menu of
maneuvers, with a stated goal of eventually creating an
infinite repertoire of-reactions..As-stich, it respects the
eternal student and master equally as long as they both
continue upon the path of what is right.

Organization and Style

The master-student relationship of the Akashic Broth-
ethood is described very well in the Mage rulebook. Similarly,
their style of practice and foci are already noted. Given that
there is no particular difference between the practices of

prPrcabinnere tenis: 25
es
evry splenic | (ay Babee!

x a ry petal


As human beings, we like to name, label, classify
and categorize everything. Once we have named
something, we think we know it and, thus, to a
certain degree, can control it. It becomes a part of our
reality and is thereby somehow suddenly sensible.
Nevertheless, this is somewhat of an artificial, man-
made convention. It is a practice that we overextend,
ever broadening categories until they inevitably in-
clude pieces that just don't fit. Even our social
organizations follow this course. Arrogance and the
quest for power drive great leaders to bring more and
more territory‘under their control. People band to-

mp 4!

"I

Sie Vi \

» o gether for protection, states become nations, and
"4 nations become coalitions or empires. -An eerie face-
sy li Mecariess i is achieved in the name of compromise and
= safety. A bizarre, and ultimately false, stereotype

evolves in our minds that suggests that everyone from
one of our classifications is really the same.

The same thing has happened in the World of
Darkness. The Traditions are a misshapen clump of
disparate magical heritages struggling to maintain a
reality in which they are free to practice their beliefs.
The Technocracy, no matter how unified itmay appear,
is a glued together claptrap of conservative minds who
essentially believe that safety and perfection arejworth
sacrificing freedom. The Nephandi serve so many dark
lies that they cannot even truly know one another. The
Marauders don't even pretend to any sort of homogeny.
In a world shattered by antagonistic ideals, each strug-
gling forcontrol of whatis the truth, thousands of cabals,
fellowships, cults, orders and individuals cast aside some
part of their identity in the name of safety in numbers.
That does not make them the same, though. The Bata'a
voudun has little truly in common with the dying Ainu
mystic. The astronomical physicist may not even under-
stand the chemistry behind the same metallurgy that lets.
her rockets be built. Nevertheless, we want to think of
them as shamanic Dreamspeakers or scientist Techno-,
crats. The only thing they really share is a desire for the
tight tocontinue with theirstudies, beliefs and lifestyles
It is this desire that has been exploited for better and
worse by the leaders of the Traditions and the Technoc-
racy, and it is in those leaders' interests to paint a
unifying veneer of stereotype.

linear and affinitive Akashic brothers, you should be using
the same organization and trappings. If your Storyteller uses
Merits and Flaws, you might note the especial usefulness and
appropriate nature of the Flow of Ki Merit.

wd

The Internal Do Path and the External Do Path are
common amongst Akashics, in some form or other. Subtle
spiritual Paths and magics that strengthen the mind and
body are appropriate, if they have a suitable Resonance. If
you use psychic powers as Paths, then Akashic practitioners
are likely to have some degree of Mind Shielding or Astral
Projection, depending upon their practices, but channeled
through intense meditation, mantras and other such foci.

CELESTIAL CH@RUS

Initiation

As early as the Egyptian pharaoh, Ikhnaton, and prob-
ably even earlier, the idea of a single, unique higher
consciousness responsible for,creation and the order of the
universe gained a popular voiee. Inexplicable events world-
wide, from mass miracles t¢ individuals exhibiting powerful
influences explained only/as divine aid, seem to support the
claims that there is One" urce. The power of faith
endows the Celestia! Chorus with thein ystical might, but
it is a power that the wisest amongst them understand is
available to the most humble'mortal. a

It mighf Seem as thor

set

ing inte infinite es-
vifierassurés one ofithesiiindser of affiniiye

clearly ir

opposing ae though, usands of rithals wih the
force of thousands of believers have built ageritable fortress
of faith for the mystic so willing and able to learn

their divine majestyiiijhe yprovided by organized
religious groups is an invalti ‘boon as well. When you
know that the Creator Itselfis behind your power, it isalmost
as strenuous to walk the paths it is to try to ignore it.

Organization and Style —

Every aspect of the Chorus from divided, often antago-
nistic, factions to devoted worshipers is as equally applicable
to the linear path followers as to its Awakened members.
The same religious styles and iconic symbols that serve
affinitive devotees grant power to the strictest adherents.

Paths

Paths of Binding, Ephemera, Healing and Hellfire,
perhaps some Wards of divine nature.

CULT @F ECSTASY

Initiation

Many the practices of the Ecstatics are not seen as true
magic by anyone. Even to cultures that respect the use of
hallucinogenic drugs to obtain trances or pain and depriva-
tion to achieve visions, the excesses of many Cultists are
regarded as mostly overindulgence of sacred experiences. To
modern law enforcers they are dangerous elements out to
corrupt the rest of society with their malevolent immorality.
The world culture seems to have turned against the mass
distribution of various cultures' easy roads to opening the

wh

mind to the spiritual. Even the ubiquitous queen, alcohol,
which has served as the holy essence for sacrifice, ritual and
even the madness of the Maenads has been reduced to a crass
commercial product that is demonized by DUI law and

raving hate-mongers.

votes come
tatics either
least, tend to

t chaotic, actually possess a
assions. The bulk of linear
these long-standing groups.
e Acharne and the Klubwerks

© create much of a tradition and
are likely to fade ally if they never find a long-
lasting focus. Music, dance, drugs, sex, meditation, fasting
and exercise play as vital a part in the advancement of those
Ecstatics who practice some orderly path to enlightenment
as they do amongst the wide-open dreamers.

Paths

Paths of Divination and Oneiromancy; psychic Empa-
thy orEmpathic Hypnosis, insightinto the nature of mankind
and the universe.

DREAITISPEARERS

Initiation

When the blossoming Council of the Traditions looked
for those magicians who might hold knowledge outside their
fold, they could not help but notice an incredible variety of
shamanic and spiritual traditions around the world. In a
monumentally shallow move, more reminiscent of the broad
stroke stereotyping generally attributed to the Technocracy,
the Tradition Council chose to invite all of the disparate
spiritual magicians into the fold as a single metaphysical and
political body. The political seat dubbed Spirit in the Hori-
zon Chantry was offered, and desperate magicians beleaguered
by Technocratic expansion around the world were con-
vinced to take up the Traditions' banner.

Unprecedented spiritual connections arose between
places extremely remote from each other. Some of these
Umbral ties came about as masters of the shamanic
Dreamspeaker groups encouraged young initiates to set out
upon long spirit journeys. Others, ironically, owe their
origins to the very manifest destiny that the Technocracy
created and the Nephandi exploited. Displaced Native

ancient pathw:
long tradition
Ecstatics come
Complete sensual
are too wild and d

Wed Prt oe ¥, vr

Pa yaaa
1 ae ee

Americans and aborigines passed far from their homelands
into the lands of their neighbors or even thousands of miles
away. Cruelty and twisted ideals of racial supremacy sub-
jected African tribes to capture, transport across the Atlantic
and enslavement at the hands of those who treated them as
property rather than people. Cultures and peoples battered
by the new masters of the physical world sought to defend
themselves with the aid of the spiritual world they had never
abandoned.

Those who make their way into the spiritual fold must,
perforce, understand and live through a heritage equally
burdened by this bitterness and exalted by their own shamanic
ties. May are activists or traditionalists who feel a drive to
preserve their culture and history. Others feel a near-instinc-
tive pull to the spirit world or are chosen by the spirits
themselves. Even those who do not Awaken into dynamic
magic still have a huge legacy of cultural indoctrination, be
it joy at their shared history or bitterness and a desire to lash
out at their perceived oppressors, Ly either can be a strong
motive for oe stu

ever before.
to fight against it
United Nati

"sng are caught up
in being victims too o itterness and fail to
accomplish anything — but by and large, the Dreamspeakers
contain cultures who have suffered harshly under the indus-
trialized age.

"What have you done for us?" the Dreamspeakers ask
the Tradition Council increasingly. Council meetings see
fewer of the spirit mages every session, as, more often, they
just stay home to protect their own people. There is also a
sense that the worst times are beginning. The spirit realms
seethe with deadly storms, and the Gauntlet bites with razor
sharp fangs. The dead walk the earth in startling numbers. It
is as if the world has begun its death throes.

Every spiritual tradition at least shares some concept of
standing as the doorway between the two worlds. Magic
depends upon the relationship between the physical and the
immaterial. The ancient origins of these ways also encourage
asimilarity in use of foci. Chanting, fire, drums, earth, bones

perk or ieranicrepiorineee

se

MaMa MEN sain iat aor
eee


and plants are universal and vary only in form. Dreamspeaker
groups have rarely paid any attention to the differences
between linear and affinitive pathways anyway. The power
always comes from the spirits and the maintenance of proper
relationships with them. Keepers of the Fire, Solitaries,
Ghost Wheel Society, Red Spear Society, Baruti and Bata'a
alike treat the sorcerer with the respect she earns.

See also The Spirit Ways for a plethora of information
regarding un-Awakened shamans.

Paths

Cursing, Enchantment, Ephemera, Herbalism,
Oneiromancy and Summoning/Warding; if you use psychic
powers as Paths, Astral Projection is also appropriate.

EUTHANAT@s

Initiation

Euthanatos philosophies regard personal choice and the
karma it creates as very important. Euthanatos also believe
it is their duty to make choices for others sometimes, most
often that it is time to move on to another life. An Acarya
(mentor) will not discourage a student from any particular
Path that might help her along the road to enlightenment,
unless he senses great danger of it corrupting her soul. The
Tradition's home lies in the cradle of Buddhism and Hindu-
ism and, therefore,
array of mysticald
of it all. The
Euthanatos

themselves in such a way. ee will bring those ig apt
death into situations where they will meet it. The true duty
of the death mage, as they see it, is to ease the suffering and
confusion that living and dying causes, so that the soul will
not have to repeat its mistakes.

The faction styles and a general list of foci are found in
Mage Revised. Other ways of focusing magical energy used
by the Euthanatos include meditation, fasting, medicine and
physical representations of the Wheel. Even games that
encourage concentration or test one's character are useful.
One can watch for telltale signs of frustration, gloating,
obsessive behavior, recklessness and learning potential across
a game table, all while promoting joy in the world and
without endangering anyone.

Paths
Cursing and Divination; Euthanatos also practice Paths
that could be used to promote healing or (sometimes) death.

ORDER OF HERITIES

Initiation

The history of the Hermetic tradition is a long one,
extending back to Egyptian alchemy and spells. Formalized
during the Dark Ages into approximately its current shape,
the Order receives some criticism for doggedly clutching to
its ancient truths even in the faces of the other Traditions.
A hopeful initiate into the Order undergoes tests, trials and
along apprenticeship. The secrets of the Enochian language
and the powerful Seals of Solomon become second nature to
the student. She learns to craft numerological patterns,
wands and pentagrams. Every Hermetic student is initiated
into the linear paths of the Order's theories. Many of them
stay that way. ;

One of the great wéaknesses ¢ Order comes, per-
haps, from its own image of the universe. Even as the
alchemist seeks to create perfection fromthe base metal, so
the Awakened seesth es as abdve the lesser mage. This
arrogance and hibris é8 not universal,jbut itis certainly a
powerful forceliin the Ofder» Through their 6wn training
methods, they push the sttidentintoa sorcerer mindset and
then lord itoyer themiif theyneyer "rise above" that state.
With the'erashing fall of Doissestep and the destruction of
most ofthe affinitive Masters, theorists like Practieus Hurai
are finally able.to putfotth theitproofs that npeethod
of magic is superior, just different ,

Organization anid, Style

There is a saying, "Giyil servant equals civil master."
The implication is that those Who perform your everyday
affairs are really in charge of those affairs. This has long been
true within the Order of Hermes. Awakened Masters placed
themselves so high above the society around them, often
removing themselves to pure Horizon realms or spirit do-
mains, that they left the management of the day to day to
their "lessers." Realistically, those who achieve an affinitive
Awakening are merely accorded status because it is tradi-
tional. Like kings born to the title, they sometimes fall into
the trap of feeling that they especially deserve it. Looking at
the smoking ruins of their kingdom, some of these princes are
starting to see the value in those they once saw as mere
building blocks.

The vast and incredible influence of the Order before its
fall left a legacy that still reflects in the stories of the
fantastic. So widespread were its arts, and so intricately
dependent upon a pool of specialized, talented craftsmen,
that even today it is easy to find suitable ritual paraphernalia
and texts. What is difficult is separating the good stuff from
the garbage, manufactured or printed by companies that

one


A" S= V1 fame

a ~~ —-

either intentionally or ignorantly water down, romanticize _ that he may only develop it one facet of creation at a time.
or outright lie about magic. Such individuals follow a linear path, but amongst the Sons
Paths fel Ether, they are a minority. All too often, the radical

and Warding, Conjuration, Encl i rot to follow.
Forces creations) and Summoning. j g nd Style
nv within the Sons of Ether means work. The

SONS OF ETHER ur cfeations and the sublime understanding of
Initiation 5 ‘ories is what is important. If you aren't
There isa rugged individuality found i dbreaking research, you better be busy

soul that drives him to seek understan ality like a _ expandings 1pon théwork of someone who has, or you are just

b ara eet < eh grantmoney or the time others bother to

through that marks his real- life a i spend. | ing to you. Gaining a teacher amongst the
else is almost gluttony. Having created aimod : Etherites m impressing him with your intelligence or
Son of Ether fits everything into it, contii d fulnessit6 his projects. After that, your contributions

ate What matter.

Ses, machines and devices of the Sons of
hat génet ly identify them to others. Their tools
ource of theifipower and the result of their inspira-
jothing works if it does not fit into an Etherite's

his theories to explain the functions of the
itand the interaction of his creations wi
times, individual Etherites may becor

' to provide a path. Other times, an Etherite may discov
some principle so difficult to integrate with the rest of reality"

‘ \
‘ mera |» ee
\ £4. shpat

TOT

SU |

yi: Re ve j © oho X
= 2 eC F
JN ny y,

ma vFC nes ry yas TAS rhs vat


FTL

PF mets.
a,

Ko»)

Paths

Technological Alchemy, Conveyance, Weathercraft.
Note that Sons of Ether practice a wide range of techno-
mysticism. To some, technology harnesses powers in ways
that can only be described as magical. To others, it's extraor-
dinary science. Rarely do two Sons of Ether share the same
theories unless they trained together.

VERBENA

Initiation

Like the Dreamspeakers and Celestial Chorus, the Ver-
bena owe their origins to roots so old that they are buried too
deep to find. Verbena unification has been a natural growth,
stemming from a common European cultural basis, powerful
fs group symbols like the Tree of Life and a shared persecution.
Verona view the twin Veta ce linearand affinitive magic as

fa fons, while most
le Moon-Seekers and
just a natural tendency of

of the Tree and the
affinitive Verbena are atcracte
the Lifeweavers. However, this is
the like minded to flock together.
7 Organization and Style
Verbena covens usually contain mages and sorcerers.
Wisdom of age, insight and past lives earn respect beyond
any concern for how one perceives magic. It is only natural,
however, for some conflict to result between traditionalists
who desire that the oldrites be faithfully kept and progressives
(who want to expand into new ways. The initiation tests vary
fi — from coven to coven, but they always reflect the personality
a of the student and a sense of connection to the natural world
| (however unforgiving Mother Nature may be). Her magical
style and foci will reflect the types of magic her coven
teaches her.
Paths
Cursing, Divination, Herbalism and Shapeshifting.
Some Verbena might perform Enchantment as well.

VIRTUAL ADEPTS

Though the computer grants unparalleled communica-
tion to vast segments of the world population, it has not yet
proved to be our salvation. War, disease, hate and misery
continue to exist. In fact, new crimes find their creations in
the cyber realms, like twisted reflections of the physical
world. Hate groups put up websites; thieves steal credit card
numbers or even personal information about people's lives.
Raving antisocials curse, rant and threaten with a passion
born of the sudden ability to vent every pent up aggression
they have been too cowardly to express to those around

\ ad
t
—
at

we
5
a=
—
~

‘ deny Heel
ear) \ Pag

HN je

them. Nevertheless, it is a powerful tool and one whose

potential we have undoubtedly only begun to tap.
Organization and Style
Given the vast hord

computers every d

linear comput

e who manage to use

yet. Foci are predicts
equipment that their affinii

Paths

Scrying (on the physical eel and in the Digital Web),
within the Digital Web only — Binding and Warding,
Conjuration and Summoning. Remember that Virtual Ad-
epts tend to use exceptional science, though a few "wizards"
(to borrow a Unix term) also have a decidedly superstitious
bent to their hyper-computing capabilities. Virtual Adepts
are also good candidates for Cyberkinesis and Cyberpathy
psychic powers. -

@RPHANS AND HOLLOW NES
Initiation
The dispossessed mages of the Orphans and those called

Hollow Ones generally piece their magic together from bits

stolen from other Traditions. The result is a sort of cobbled-

together eclectic mix of mythic herit: linear Orphan or

Hollow One isthe same dl

she has picked
tions of items d
Paths
It probably does g
ent as to how your
sorcerer views magic, then whatever Paths fit that vision are
available to her.

ke it
i" i rt

an yy vr

TECHN@CRATIC S@RCERERS
(EXTRA@RDINARY CITIZENS)

Initiation

Though the Technocracy boasts hundreds of Enlight-
ened members, most of its true strength comes from the
support of the Masses. Chief among these are the few
extraordinary citizens who manage to grasp the Technocrac)
hyper-advanced theories — the doctor who
grasp a treatment for lymphoma, the highly
cian who can maintain a secret shuttleg
engineer who delivers phenomenal pret
work numbers and parts. These extra
a gift to expand beyond the normal
sorcerers tap into the wellspring o

The Guide to the Tech
understanding the scientific
govern it. Ironically, probably:

‘s

mankind since its inception.
catalogs and labels reality, the di
the envelope grows. Mundane cra
much responsible for winning ma
cratic ideals as the inventor geni
disseminated were. As their own webs
over them, the Technocracy is discove
scientists may be their future.
Organization and Style
Extraordinary scientists fill the gap between the mundane
specialists that practice the every day works of the Technocracy
and the dynamic visionaries who strive to make the future
brighter. They are capable of understanding theories that still

defy what the general public comfortably accepts but that have
already been established with the elite scientific community
widely enough to at least be acknowledged as "possible." The
linear technocrats of Iteration X build cybernetic devices,
fusion-powered machinesand supercomputers. Their New World
Order contemporaries practice incredible multilevel satellite
surveillance programs, deep hypnotic programming and sub-
Progenitors limited to linear paths create

tice genetic engineering and limited clon-

anipulates national economies, remakes

themand generally assuresthat money

Engineers venture in to space and

ing the techniques taught to him
. However, his Awakened
ouble coming up with new
styles grow closer by the day.

\d formulae. "Divination" and
lew World Order, to represent
and psychology, as well as media
" and "Conjuration" cover the
"Alchemy" and "Healing" fit the
advanced treatments. "Cursing" and
e Syndicate power to affect odds and
, the citizen sees what he does merely as an
izasiontck highlinaelvatioedhontentificipel ible sbdlRich's
Progenitor extraordinary scientist might recognize her work as
special and advanced, she'd hardly consider it magical. In all
cases, the Technocrat uses special procedures and devices to
perform the "rituals" necessary.

@®THER SORCERERS

only magicians with sorcerous counterparts.
=4 Several other groups of organized magicians
7} still exist, with their own praxes, their own
4 designs and goals. Shielded from the vicissi-
= tudes of mystic warfare by their own

Z] ignorance, they have their own take on the
practice of magic.

THE ANCIENT ®RDER OF
THE AEGON RITES

Initiation

Ifthe study of magic is a search for truth and the practice
of magic is a pursuit of perfection, then the Ancient Order
of the Aeon Rites truly have a pure vision. Combining the

Wee ers oy yet
a ass ie

mystic threads from thousands of years of civilization, the
Order's sorcerers seek out the purest original paeans to
divinity in each magical practice. Hidden in the language of
angels — Enochian — the Order's practitioners find the
secrets of the Aeon Rites, the great magics that will usher in
anew, pure, golden era. Once they have mastered the proper
formulae and chanted the hidden words handed to man by
the Creator, the world will blossom into perfection. The
Order truly believes that its practices herald the way to a
better world for all humanity.

From the manuscripts and rites passed down from 1873
by Master Agrippa — the Order's modern founder — the
group initiated (and continues to initiate) compassionate,
dedicated seekers into its mysteries. Convinced that they
have the Great Answer and One Truth at the heart of their
rites, the Ancient Order firmly guides its members and
companions down a humanitarian road. Other magicians

Se 31
(ay Ab
ahi


PX Gases) l4p x
iS bec) Gee ee
hg . OS agris
find themselves alternately aided and chastised by the Or-
der, which believes that all sorcerers have a duty to use their
powers in service to the rites that will eventually bring
humanity to a new age of enlightenment.

Organization

so long; a tablecloth just so big; a circular pattern made in just
such an amount of time. Each ritual is equal parts prepara-
tion and execution, and if even a single minor error results,
the entire ritual must be redone. Each sorcerer thus builds his
or her own tools and pores over the tomes of the Order to
memorize and reference the steps for each rite.

fame LEE i:

Asa pseudo-secret cult society, the Ancient Order keeps.a
multi-tiered initiation structure. New pupils make up the outer
level; these are the first-, second-and third-degree magicians —

In their tabernacles, the AOAR sorcerers don elaborate
robes and carry wands all sized to their personal numeric

7
7

‘

aN

TWA

Z.

ws,

those who have just joined or who still struggle to unlock the
basic secrets. These pupils perform mundane work on behalf of
the Order. Next is the inner level, three grades of brothers and
sisters (frateres and sorores) — those who've unlocked enough
knowledge to pursue and promote greater truth to the Order's
mysteries (that is, those who can develop or master various
Paths of magic). These mid-level members also oversee impor-
tant Order matters like finance, local political connections and
the dissemination of secrets or the training of novices. Finally,
the three degrees of magisters devote most of their time to
furthering the Order's esoteric studies. The magisters still have
their own lives and concerns, of course, but they also hold the
greatest mysteries, including the Order's most valued texts and
secret knowledge.

Beyond the mortal realms, the Order believes that its
most enlightened magisters pass on to become Secret Watch-
ers, disembodied spirits that guide the group in its search.
Indeed, founder Johannes Agrippa has appeared from time
to time to offer his advice and wisdom —be he ghost or spirit,
none in the Order can definitively say, but he has often given
aid even to fledgling sorcerers and seems truly concerned
with the continued existence of the Order. As "tenth de-
gree" initiates, these Secret Watchers comprise the most
knowledgeable of the Order's members, and only the Secret
Watchers can initiate other magisters into their ranks after
death. Unfortunately, the Secret Watchers rarely seem to
attend the functions of the Order; apparently, their higher
concerns in guiding humanity keep them rather occupied.

Materially, the Order functions much like many other
secret fraternities: Members contribute a small sum of money
for facilities (in this case, the AOAR sponsors tabernacles
for quiet study, storage of ritual materials and meetings) and
participate in charitable events. Such events also serve as
good recruitment drives, chances to look for other helpful
and intelligent individuals who might have the minds to
learn the Aeon Rites. The center of the Order, though, is in
Amsterdam, where Johannes Agrippa's copies of the com-
plete rites are stored.

Style

Meticulous, precise and ritualistic, the AOAR magi-
cians use elaborate and carefully constructed trappings to
perform their rites. Each tool has a symmetry with the
Otherworld and with the numeric keys hidden in the rites
themselves. As a result, each tool must be built to the true
specifications prescribed in the rites. A wand must be exactly

32 SORCERER

u
Oe UL RY He ee Pe

correspondences. Swords, pentacles, altars and cups have
both symbolic and practical applications. A participant can
expect stands with heavy tomes opened to the appropriate
pages for each ritual, as the AOAR members reference the
exact words, steps and motions for each casting. Even in the
outside world, the AOAR sorcerers rely heavily on the
precise steps that they've memorized; to bring about a perfect
world, one must follow the perfect steps, after all.

Paths

AOAR magicians have a wide range of skills available
—Hellfire, Summoning, Binding and Wardingand Weather
Control are only some of the more common powers. Nearly
any Path that could be formulaically studied can make its
way into the AOAR's ritual grimoires, decoded from the
Aeon Rites themselves.

,
BATAA

Once, the Bata'a comprised one of the largest organized
Crafts of magic, surpassing even the numbers of some Tradi-
tions. Since that time, the Ascension War has ground away
at magical societies and created some new bedfellows. Most
Bata'a have thrown in with the Dreamspeakers. Neverthe-
less, they retain a degree of cultural identity far greater than
that left to such splinter groups as the Templars. The Bata'a
represent one of the largest still living magical traditions in
the world.

Initiation

The brutal legacy of exploitation and slavery by Europe-
ans hungry for easy wealth left a vicious scar upon the psyche
and spiritual landscape of the New World. Long ago, before
the slavers came, the island people of the Caribbean were
called the Qua'ra. They practiced an art known as quinshi —
the ability to act as a link between the worlds of spirit and
flesh. In return for giving their bodies to ghosts and spirits
who desired to experience the material realm, they received
favors and power. The neighboring Arawaks and Carib
people called those talented in quinshi cholés, or Godflowers.
Especially devout cholés gained their villages plentiful har-
vestsand fishing, benevolent weather, warnings of misfortune
and other boons. In return, the people forgave the cholés the
strange and often dangerous behaviors the spirits made them
perform. This paradise was lost to the European invaders,
though. Spanish and French settlers brought disease and
murderous pirates. They even enslaved the natives to work
their farms and fought those who sought to keep their land.


The Qua'ra people died en masse and, by 1550, were no
more. Determined explorers chose to import black slaves to
take their place.

According to tradition, seven tribes were first chained
and brought to the Caribbean as slaves from Africa. Early
slaves managed to escape and fled to hide amongst the last of
the Qua'ra. The last Qua'ra taught the earliest black escapees
the arts of quinshi. The spiritual wisdom they gained re-
sembled the beliefs of their own traditional African religions,
and over time, the two became one. Christian conversions
by their former masters also entered the mix, creating creeds
like Voudun and Santeria. The forgotten gods of the Qua'ra
became the loa of the new traditions. From the sacred drums
used to awaken the spirits, the new magical society drew its
name, and from the spirit world, to which they sacrificed
their bodies, they drew their power.

Organization

Strong personal, community and spiritual relationships
join to create the Bata'a lifestyle and society. Traditions
emphasize union in a number of ways. The sacred partner-
ship between male and female Bata'a is known as Marassa.
Most of the partnerships culminate in marriage, but a few
remain as nonsexual symbols of union. Most Bata'a also
claim lineage to one of the seven original tribes, whom they

CHER YTS Hee OTA
fe fi ae, ©
a I é y

‘
ve

fy

my Wig VEY "big YEN

call Rangi, or colors, in honor of the many-hued Rainbow
Serpent goddess. The Rangi serve as extended families and
tight knit communities. Anyone within a particular Rangi,
whether a normal person or a Bata'a, expects to give and
receive help from his fellows if he needs it. The relationship
between the material and spirit worlds is extremely impor-
tant to the Bata'a sorcerer. Through sacrifice of food, livestock
and themselves, the society strives to gain the favor of their
ancestor ghosts, Les Invisibles, and powerful godlike spirits,
the loa. To those who achieve it and outsiders who observe
it, the power gained is regarded, rightly, with fear. The Bata'a
see that the dangerous, sacred duty they perform may be the
only way to break the chains that continue to bind their
people. Even without the physical chains of slavery, the
Rangi are bound by poverty, exploitation, prejudice and
horrible living conditions.

Style

Les Invisibles are the wraiths of the Caribbean Skinlands
(detailed in the Wraith Player's Guide). Some are ancient
Qua'ra still around after centuries. Others are ancestors of
the Rangi, slaves who died during the horrible years of chains
ornew ghosts resulting from the violence, disease and misery
that still plagues the region. Les Mystéres, or the loa, are
powerful beings, not quite "gods" but functionally the same.

Te 8
rel


Some, especially those practicing Santeria, see the loa as
messengers from greater gods or God. The greatest desire of
every Bata'a is to ensure beneficial relations between their
community and the spirit realm. This means serving their
ancestors and the loa with respect and by acting as their
"horses" — that is, letting themselves be possessed by spirits
who wish to havea physical form. This practice is divine, but
incredibly dangerous; when one opens the gateway for spirits
to step inside, evil spirits known as baka sometimes take the
invitation. With the Sixth Maelstrom raging through the
deadlands, even once benevolent spirits are desperate and
angry. The Bata'a job has become more important and
terrifying than ever before.

Most Bata'a deal with the Petro, who are dark spirits of
fs —_ the elements and conflict, and the Rada, who are spirits of
healing and wisdom. The Rada, Ayida-Wedo, is the Serpent
Lady of a Thousand Rainbows, and acts as a feminine
principle of creation and protection. Baron Samedi is the
chief Haitian god of Death, and he kills or grants necroman-
tic powers. (Further details on Baron Samedi can be found in
Blood Magic: The Secrets of Thaumaturgy.) Chango, or
Shango, is a warlike Petro who commands the weather, guns
and explosives. Damballah is the Petro serpent Father of
Falling Waters and Serpent of the Sky, consort to Ayida-
Wedo, Erzulie, a Rada and one of the most popular loa, is
called upon in the name of love, lust and beauty. Ghede is a
Rada form of Baron Samedi who watches over the dead.
Legba is the Rada Walking God, who guards the crossroads
between all journeys, whether physical or spiritual. The
Rada Loco rules healing, herbs and visions. Fire, wrath and
liberation are the spheres of the Petro Ogoun the
Chainbreaker. The Petro Simbi represents the elements of
air and water, and grants freedom or knowledge of magical
powders and potions.

The Bata'a originally appeared in The Book of Crafts.
Additional information can also be found in the Mage
Storytellers Companion.

Paths

All of the power achieved by the Bata'a comes through
interaction with spirits. Most Bata'a believe that the "Ava-
tar" of an Awakened mage is simply a spirit who has chosen
to permanently ride the mage in question. The Bata'a have
no respect for those who do not acknowledge the origin of
their Avatar and the responsibility it represents. Of course,
anyone from their own society who has been chosen as a
permanent host is regarded with respect, especially as they
can still host other spirits. Sorcerers are those who manage
to learn charms from the spirits who possess them. This
knowledge is known as Mjane, and though it can be used
without the spirit's help, a devout Bata'a must always re-
member its source. Misusing such power, without a spirit's
help or permission is a selfishness that the spirits may not
forgive. Not all of the cholés, known as horses, or Les
Chevaux, can perform any magic without the spirits' aid.

f\

AN

as,
a

Pulls

yes  —_— =

fags fax

The loa and the ancestors choose some completely normal
people as gateways. Every cholé is eligible for the title of pae
or papa, or mae or mama, granted by popularity amongst the
Rangi, not according to actual power.

Conjuration, Conveyance, Cursing, Divination (se-
crets told by the spirits, actually), Fascination, Healing,
Herbalism, Summoning, Binding, and Warding and
Weathercraft are all possible with the help of the loa;
through Summoning and Binding they may even create
zombies (see Hunter: The Reckoning's sourcebook The
Walking Dead).

THE CHILDREN ©F @SIRIS

lam the life; I am the resurrection.

— from pre-Christian Egyptian tomb fragments

Initiation

In ancient times, prehistoric vampires of incredibly
potent blood ruled as divine beings over men, and some
claim that even the god-king of Egypt, Osiris, was seduced by
their power. Whether the lord of the resurrection martyred
himself to steal the power of the demons of blood or made a
terrible mistake that cost him his life, is uncertain. His fate
has been the source of deadly sect warfare that has waged for
millennia across sorcerous and undead lines. For centuries,
worshipers worked in conjunction with a sect of vampires
who followed a small core of kindred who claimed to be
directly descended from the god-king. Harsh regimens of
self-deprivation and devout prayer granted vampire and
mortal alike incredible control of their bodies and souls.
Recently, the vampiric priests of the Children of Osiris have
all disappeared. Vampires in the know believe that their
Setite enemies finally eliminated the ancient sect. Mortal
members of the Children of Osiris have faded into obscurity,
but some whisper that the cult has merely returned to their
ancient homeland and is engaged in strange activities near
various ancient sites.

Organization

For a very long time, the Children of Osiris organized
around temples led by vampires practicing the rigid path
known as Bardo. This strict discipline tied control of the
vampiric nature into the religious beliefs in Ma'at, or truth,
balance and right. Strange dichotomies existed, as the im-
mortal blood drinkers seemed to embody the eternal nature
of the god and yet were forbidden from granting their cursed
nature to others. Apparently, some of the most enlightened
amongst the undead priests learned to escape death repeat-
edly even in ways beyond that of the blood demons. The
resurrection promised by their god, as living beings, re-
mained beyond their power, however.

The mortal Children continue the quest for eternal life,
and now that they are free from the unnatural concerns
sparked by their undead leaders, their vision of their god may
finally become clear. In recent times, apparently coinciding


with the disappearance of their undead priests, the Children
of Osiris have removed themselves to Egypt. Ancient temples
resonate with chanting, forgotten tombs open in efforts to
raise their inhabitants, and new acolytes plunge into the
mysteries. Though the ancient god may not have been
resurrected, it is as if the hopes of cult have been.

Style

The Children of Osiris share many of the foci and style
elements of the Cult of Isis; however, they are predomi-
nantly a resurrection cult. Embalming, tombs, funerary
practices and protection for the dead until their return are all
parts of Osirian ritual.

Paths

Alchemy and Summoning, Binding and Warding (Nec-
romantic). If you use Mummy, some mummy hekau might
make useful Paths, with a little work — the Sekhem cost can
become a cost in mana instead. Don't give away all of the
mummies' secrets, though; in general, it's best to assume that
mummy hekau, if used by a sorcerer, must be reformulated
(research work!) and is one level higher.

THECULT oF Isis

Initiation

Almost no mystical heritage has endured so long or
reached such incredible heights and depths of power and
persecution as that of the magicians inheriting the ancient
teachings of Isis. One could spend a lifetime of study simply
following their origins and fate throughout the ages. Founded
in service to the goddess-on-earth, the sister-wife's followers
pledged loyalty to the principles of Ma'at and learned the
secrets of the Ra-hekau. Possessed of the very names of
creation, they shaped an Art upon the banks of the Nile that
has survived as one of the wonders of the world. Love for her
brother-husband, the god-king Osiris, led Isis to turn from
the pursuit of the teachings of Thoth. Her associates became
engrossed in the fraternal war between Osiris and his demon-
tainted dark brother, Set.

Some of the descendants of her magical tradition be-
lieve that this marked the fall of humanity's chance to
ascend into the blessed fields of eternity through Thoth's
learning. They say that she forgot the name of Ra in the
name of Osiris and cursed mankind to struggle for a pale
shadow of the mystery so auspiciously revealed to them.
Others hasten to argue that had the goddess not acted
against Set, who had become representative of Apophis on
earth, that all of Ma'at would have been cast into the void.
They claim that she sacrificed her life and personal attain-
ment of immortality in order to ensure that hope remained
to restore the Balance of Truth for the entire world. As
evidence, they offer the proof that Western mysticism virtu-
ally all descends in some part from the knowledge of Isis and
Thoth-Hermes-Trismegistus.

SHOE Shige YE
oe i

0

evry",
dey

ut] g

a

—— =

~~

Organization

During the goddess-queen's lifetime, the Cult of Isis was
a loose confederation of magicians whose peaceful medita-
tions gave way to desperate warfare against the dark god and
his corrupt followers. After the death of his mother, reput-
edly at the hands of Set, Horus the Avenger seized control of
the Cult and actively pursued every opportunity to cast off
the yoke of the serpent. These magicians became the back-
bone of the priesthood for virtually every god in Egypt. Set
and his vampiric children loathed her legacy and spent
millennia tearing it apart. By the reign of Cleopatra, the Cult
had become a dull band of drug addicts and prostitutes,
surrendering even the sacred Spell of Life to their enemy and
forgetting the rites of their gods.

Ironically, the very same weakness resulted in a sort of
resurrection for the inheritors of Isis. As Egypt fell to Roman
tule, her culture was plundered as effectively as her tombs
and riches. Fertility cults halfway across Europe breathed the
sacred name of Isis and tied her power to their own goddesses.
After Set's sudden exodus from Egypt around the third
decade CE, Isis's immortal son, Horus, tried to rebuild the
Cult of Isis into a useful tool. A few factors seem destined
perpetually to hamper the recovery of the Cult's original
power and unity. Horus continues to treat them as lesser,
mortal, beings and ruthlessly conceals some of their own
ancient secrets from them. The dilution into hundreds of
pagan mystery cults has created innumerable branches and
sects, sometimes with dangerously radical beliefs. Resent-
ment of centuries of being treated like simple children even
threatens to cause rebellion amongst the modern Cult against
the eternal Son of their founder.

Branches of the Cult of Isis tie directly to or play part in
many other mystical organizations within the World of
Darkness. The Hermetic House of Shaea shares the ancient
origins of the Cult, and it is certain thatsome members of this
House belong to the Cult of Isis and vice versa. Fallen
members of the Cult remain twisted kindred of the Followers
of Set, their morals and spirits broken by the dark god's
corruption. Many of the undying mummies of the Shemsu-
heru owe their very safety and preservation to the Cult.
There are even Isis cultists of orgiastic nature found in
Ecstatic and Verbena cabals and of studious bent amongst
the Alexandrian Celestial Chorus and Hermetic Solificati.
It is important to note that the Cult of Isis is by no means a
unified force — factions even work against each other for
political gain or even out of ignorance of their rivals' origins.

Style

Seven thousand years of learning has created a plethora
of different images of the original Ra-Hekau of Isis. A
number of factors have successfully remained throughout
the ages, however. Sensuality, sex and their power in ritual
and social interaction have always played a part in Cult

CHAPTER TW; S@RCER®US SECIETIES 35

fielr
WEN yy Malt

ios

)

ve Oi
nee =
Ai O78


Bir

K
ifs
DU

magic. Hieroglyphics, Demotic Egyptian chanting and
geomantic architecture continue to empower rituals. Amu-
lets with powerful symbols, including the scarab, ankh, djet
pillar and faience images of ancients gods are not even that
difficult to find 2,000 years after the final fall of Egypt to
invaders. Some even suggest that the gigantic millennium
celebration held at the Great Pyramids on the New Years
Eve when 1999 gave way to 2000 was a powerful Cult ritual
with thousands of unwitting participants.

Paths

Alchemy, oracular Astrology and Enchantment of amu-
lets and statues. Some Healing directed toward fertility
would also be appropriate.

THE CULT ©F ITIERCURY

Initiation

The Cult of Mercury inherited practices directly from
Greek and Roman sources. From Roman cultures they de-
tived the idea of expanding upon the power of orderly mass
rituals and drew unparalleled numbers of initiates during the
growing fervor of large mystery cults such as those of Mithras
and Isis. Great gatherings of hundreds of Mercurian follow-
ers granted sorcerers the ability to enact spells that assured
their positions of protected wealth and political dominance.
Eventually, even a couple of Senators of the Republic owed
their rank to the Cult.

Constantine's conversion of Rome to Christianity hurt
the Cult badly. Its practices declined in favor of the mastery
of single powerful mages, while its initiates scattered into the
arms of the Church.

Organization

Today it is difficult to hold together masses of devoted
practitioners in virtually any environment. The surviving
Cult is motivated by a few very charismatic sorcerers and
their deacons' hard work. The modern Cult's followers
expect a return for their participation, learning their parts of
rituals in expectation that some portion of their efforts will
reward them and their families.

Style

Ritualistic in the extreme, at least 100 participants are
required for any creation of magical effect. Individual mas-
ters may in cases of emergency call upon Wards or spells
previously empowered by their congregation for later use,
but they may never simply cast spells on the fly. Depending
on the actual spell invoked, the initiates, clothed in clean
white robes, may burn candles or incense or simply hold
some representative object. The entire assemblage intones
the incantation in Latin and ancient Greek.

Paths

Fortune (Prosperity and Providence) and Wards. It is
important to remember that every Mercurian Path is all
ritual. To reflect this, assume that the sorcerer gains no

fr '
wt

HVA de

pee

reg =

Rimi sis =e

instant effect from her level in a Path, but gains two extra
rituals at each level. Thus, a Cult of Mercury magician with
Path of Providence 3 would begin with nine rituals in that
particular Art.

See also Dead Magic for information regarding the Cult
of Mercury's foundation.

TTAISON LIBAN

Initiation

The first decade of the 11th century featured one of the
dark signs of ill-fated Tremere's growing power hunger in the
form of the Hermetic Schism and the resultant destruction
of House Diedne. According to teachings of Liban mentors,
Mathieu de Calice was a trusted pontifex once apprenticed
to Master Goratrix. Discomfited by the brutal magical frat-
ticide of the schism, de Calice began specialization in the
practice of the Order's Parma Magica and in various arts
destined to defy scrying attempts. When he became aware of
the plans behind Goratrix's experiments with vampiric
blood, de Calice fled to Northern France. Within a month,
the conversion to vampirism erupted, with Tremere himself
seeking immortality.

Fortunately for the Magus de Calice and his appren-
tices, the Tremere's new difficulties with local vampires
combined with the effort necessary to bother tracking down
a few insignificant expatriates, along with de Calice's protec-
tive and evasive magics, allowed a small house to survive to
the modern day. Initially, the Tremere vampire-mages moved
quietly, careful not to let their nature be discovered by the
Order of Hermes asa whole. It was 150 years before the Order
reacted with the Massasa purge, and that violence lasted for
acentury. The treachery of Goratrix, who had been assigned
to France, also shielded the house's presence, as most strange
reports of Tremere-like secretive orders were quickly blamed
upon the old master. In the end, de Calice was forgotten to
everyone —excepthis few apprentices and, perhaps, Tremere
himself.

Organization

One of Mathieu de Calice's first actions was to hide the
House at a basic level. He renamed the tiny group, which
consisted mostly of himself and his apprentices and later
French and Spanish refugees whom they adopted and pro-
tected from Tremere persecution. In recognition of the fact
that they remained human, the house became Maison Liban
— Liban meaning "live, leave, survive" in the tongue of the
Visigoths.

Studentsare encouraged to keep their private livesseparate
from their magical practice, yet to maintain normal respectable
habits and employment. Unless deemed responsible enough to
learn the Art, a sorcerer's family, friends or co-workers may
never even know that they have been the beneficiaries of
numerous spells of protection cast on their behalf.


Maison Liban are not crusaders, though. They do not
encourage violence or blatant activities. Even the relation-
ship between master and student only requires students to be
titled initiates until they are deemed worthy to teach, when
they become a prater or mater. The "House" Liban does still
recognize a single greatest teacher with leadership responsi-
bilities earned through age and respect of peers. In deference
to their founder, this position retains its honorific, Pontifex.

Style

Not all of the trappings of Hermetic sorcery have been
left behind by the Liban nor even all of the antesanguinary
practices of House Tremere. Seals, rings and magical circles
predominate, due to their natural resonance with protective
rituals. Symbols remnant from Hermetic tradition still find
use, as does Latin, descending from a trove of tomes appar-
ently plundered by the Visigoths from Rome, but both are
supplemented with a liberal use of the Gothic tongue. The
concepts of contagion and sympathy remain very strong;
objects that resemble or once belonged to the focus of a spell
play a prevalent part in nearly every mystical ceremony.

Paths

Countermagic (Parma Magica), Protection from Scrying
and Divination and Summoning, Binding and Warding.

NEBUU-AFER, THE BRDER OF
THE G@LDEN FLY

Initiation

Reputedly, during the reign of the Pharaoh Ramses the
Great, the Exodus from Egypt was foreshadowed by a series
of divine disasters that befell the land. One of the products
of that horrific devastation was bitterness and a deep desire
for revenge amongst the Egyptian people. A small group of
warrior-mystics, each of whom had lost their firstborn child
and suffered from the plagues of warning, gathered together
in a brotherhood born of hatred.

After years of research and experimentation, their work
paid off — maybe. They discerned the secret names of the
angel sent by the god of the people of Israel and determined
to control it. A summoning was begun and the ways were
prepared. Blood was cast upon the door, a thousand locusts
burned in an incense of sulfur, waters from the Red Sea
scribed symbols ina circle of dark, wet sand and the firstborn
child of an Israelite was offered as sacrificial bait. The angel
of Heaven descended upon the house of the mystics. The
sorcerers demanded recompense, and the angel assented.

Gloating in their new patron, the mystics hungrily
learned the secrets of Heaven. They gathered charms to
bring plagues or raise fires. What they failed to consider is
that they had not controlled the angel. The angel, Mastema,
felt anger and hurt pride because it had not been allowed to
complete its reputedly divine task of murdering Moses. The
angel had turned from the service of Heaven of its own
accord, corrupted by its own deeds in the apocalyptic ravag-

fi?

CHEE' SHEE
Pa ee 44 ¢
ve fb ys

ing of Egypt. It answered their demands with its own desires,
wants born of an unexpected love of death and fear. The
order was taught only the darkest of magics.

The name of the Order of the Golden Fly comes from
the ancient Egyptian practice of honoring brave warriors
with a piece of jewelry in the shape of a golden fly. Essen-
tially, this badge of honor was the Egyptian equivalent to the
Iron Cross or the Purple Heart. The original members of the
secretive order were all dangerous soldiers, their skills al-
ready honed by magical edges, even before their tapping into
the might of an angel. It is mere irony that their service to a
fallen angel suggests the name might imply the Lord of the
Flies.

Despite its Egyptian origins, the Order has not remained
in Africa for its entire history. Always remaining rather
small, as its power derives mostly from the contact with a
single angelic figure, the Order has, at times, entirely up-
rooted and fled persecution by other powers. Notably, the
forebears of the Celestial Chorus, descending from the
principles of Ikhnaton, drove the Order out of Egypt during
the Coptic period. For a time, the order survived in Turkey,
before violent confrontation with Muslim zealots drove its
members into Greece. By the early 20th century, they were
hiding in Austria and Hungary, and the deep anti-Semitic
movements of the period provided them with some protec-
tion.

The German occupations of the second World War,
however, pushed the Order too far. During the War, the
Priest of the Order tried to contact certain members within
the Nazi party close to Hitler with offers of assistance of a
mystical sort. Too many parties took interest in this turn of
events, and mysteriously, an explosion destroyed the Order's
meeting house. Only a few apprentices and the Priest's
acolyte managed to escape. No one is really sure exactly
where the sorcerers went next. Various factions that watched
the exchange and perhaps even caused the explosion to
prevent the Order's involvement have searched and, so far,
been unable to find any solid leads. Traces have turned up in
places as far apart as Boston in the United States and
Lebanon in the Middle East.

Organization

The members of the Order of the Golden Fly are not
withered, bearded old scholars searching for lost knowledge.
The fallen angel they believe that they have bound to their
service does not want weak or meek servants. From its origins
to its present day incarnation, members have consisted of
remarkable individuals, possessed of strong, fast forms and
quick, tactical minds. Policemen and soldiers with the rare
sleepless energy to invest in strange extracurricular studies of
esoteric power are the preferred recruits. Over the years,
though, not a few bouncers and even dedicated serial killers
have been accepted into the Order. A new apprentice learns
the arts of hatred, fear and death.


NSE] ) (Soe Se

aN 7 9 —

Members of the Order gain authority through their [JT [, | SSS L, i x ty
mastery of their angelic patron's powers. A novice recruit A .
may suffer tortures and humiliations at the hands of his . r )

4 SS

superiors — this is to be expected. The strong-willed and
q

hardy survive and, in turn, become ruthless killers capable of
channeling the power of an angel of slaughter. * 5 4,

Style i

Rituals and spells used by the sorcerers of the Order have
come to depend more upon the power of their fallen angel
than they did at the outset of the original mystics' plans.
Over time, their patron has taught more and more of what it
wanted them to know and less of the secrets of things like
binding and command. The angel does not want them ever
to discover that it is not really under their control.

Paths

Apprentices to the Order learn Binding spells that appear
to command the service of the angel, but these are ineffective.
Tt merely masquerades as performing their wishes. (Sorcerers
learning the Path of Binding from the Order may learn it for a
mere 2 experience times new rating.) Really, all that their Path
is capable of doing, though, is sending out a mystical call to their
angel, which itmay or may not choose toanswer. During any use
of the Path, the Storyteller should roll all of the player's Binding
rolls in secret. If the player succeeds, the Path's power has
contacted the angel, but the angel still may choose not to
appear. All the Path can do is contact it. All of the sorcerer's
other Paths are limited by their knowledge of the Path of
Binding, because in learning the Path, Golden Fly sorcerers are
deluded. They believe that it is their mastery of the angel that
permits them to force it to teach them everything else. Other
Paths include multiple forms of the Paths useful in warfare,
destruction and suffering.

I' THESILVER PORTAL
% ‘ Initiation

Most Awakened magicians would be surprised to dis-
cover that the raw chaos that is the hallmark of the Marauders
lurks within some linear mage societies. To the rare mage
who understands the basic reasons why insanity grants power
to the Mad Ones, it is inconceivable that the firm study of
the sorcerer could render such mayhem. Thankfully, such
disbelieving individuals are for the most part correct. Still,
there are deviant orders such as the dreamers of the Silver
Portal who shatter this conception.

The sorcerers of the Silver Portal are oneiromancers of
a sort, and their power rests in dreaming trances. The group
inherited eldritch techniques from an 18th-century book
supposedly translating a 14th-century Byzantine Greek tome
derived from a 5th-century Persian scroll manuscript known
as the Zolondrodere, which itself claimed an even older
source. Study of the twisted work is intensely difficult, as it
has undergone numerous revisions and hints at secrets that
seem ridiculous to the sound mind. Reputedly, every thought

it

paul

a7
?


and idea exists in a dream-state, waiting to enter reality
through someone with the strength to breach the barriers.
The magicians of the Silver Portal gaze into the primal
tangle of myth, fantasy and fear, seeking wisdom.

Unfortunately, mankind has abandoned its visions, and
they have become like wild things. The Dream Realms,
known as Maya, are said to be ruled by fabulous lords similar
to the mightiest of the Umbrood. Dreamers of the Silver
Portal return from their rapturous slumber with insights and
extraordinary gifts from beyond the shining veil. All sense of
reality erodes, though, as the sorcerer encounters nightmar-
ish horrors and mundane triviality juxtaposed with ancient
fading gods and desperate hopes for the future. The psyche of
the dreaming sorcerer bobs upon the ocean of humanity's
illusions until he no longer truly knows when he is waking.

Organization

Given the nature of the Silver Portals' magic, it is not
surprising that there are few real points of order within the
group. Initiation occurs when someone stumbles into the wak-
ingreality of magician and catches her attention as deeply as the
dream world has. A new student is encouraged to read the
enlightening secrets of the Zolondrodere tome and practice
obtaining the deep trance thought of the Silver Portal. Early on,
this will probably require hallucinogenic drugs and self-hyp-
notic sessions in front of a mirror marked with exotic symbols.
Later, extended sessions of sleep deprivation and even lucid
sleepwalking are likely to occur. As the unconscious mind of the
initiate gathers the power of the Dream Realms, her path mostly
reflects unseen bargains with dream-denizens called Oneira, or
with quests to bring the majestic beauty and grandiose splendor
of her fantasies to life.

Style

Diligent and very deliberate strengthening of the un-
conscious connection with dreams is the linchpin of every
Silver Portal sorcerer's power. Physical foci inevitably in-
clude mirrors, which are regarded as symbolic of the portal to
dreams and scribbled chants copied from the group's only
complete copy of the Zolondrodere tome. Specifically avoided
are any items like alarms or clocks that might dispel any
illusions of time or cause premature emergence from a
trance. Power derived from a trance session varies with the
success of a sorcerer's lucid control over the visions that
come and the interference of sentient Oneira from beyond
the walls of sleep. Such power is always lost in the maelstrom
of imagination during normal, uncontrolled dream periods.

Storytellers and players interested in this fascinating
sorcerous society must be prepared to deal with its difficulties
and look upon them as boons. Create exciting stories revolv-
ing around bargains made with Umbrood from the Dream
Realms. Indulge shamelessly in confusing imagery. Abuse
botched magic rolls in reality bending manners. Cast shad-
ows that provoke paranoia. Start sessions that seem to be real
but turn out to be dreams. Evoke incredible mirages of

UWE HURT Mt vrs

grandeur and apparitions of unspeakable terror. Don't let
anyone fall asleep at the wheel.

Paths

Keep careful track of the total number of Path points
and rituals that a Silver Portal sorcerer "knows" at all times.
Each time he enters a dreaming trance, have the player
choose which Paths and rituals he would like to "spend"
these points to gain. Success is measured with a pool of dice
equal to Perception + Dream (if the sorcerer has that
background) or Hypnosis (if he uses such). Roll once for
each Path or ritual the dreamer wishes to use in the Dream
Realms, with a target difficulty of 6. For Paths, each success
results in temporarily dreaming the equivalent of one level
in the Path —as the sorcerer dreams, he awakens his mystic
powers, but the slumbering mind is not always constant in its
capabilities. Any points allocated, but not gained with
successes, are inaccessible for that particular trip into slum-
ber. Rituals are harder to obtain from the chaotic jumble of
the Maya Realms. For each ritual, the sorcerer must garner
a number of successes equal to the level of the ritual sought.
Failure means that particular ritual expenditure is simply
lost. The Storyteller should note a botch on any roll and take
advantage of the source of the sorcerer's power. A Path or
ritual used later may malfunction in some bizarre way that
reflects the power he failed to gain, or the poor magician may
suffer from hallucinations. Dream-gained power only re-
mains until next time the sorcerer sleeps normally, at which
time it returns to the world of fantasy. Evidence of a balance
even in dreams is evident in the fact that the Silver Portal
sorcerer cannot enter another magical trance until hismind |
spends time in unfettered rest.

Note thata Silver Portal sorcerer's powers aren'tlimitedto  [
dreams—rather, the sorcerer taps into the dreams to unlock his
powers and then becomes able to focus them in the waking
world. Because the sorcerer can only draw a limited amountof +
power from the chaotic Dream Realms, he must choose what
unconscious knowledge to bring forth each time he casts his
consciousness into mystic slumber. When he awakes, he "re-
members" these Paths and rituals and focuses his ability to use
them, until he sleeps again and the knowledge floats away again
like some unremembered dream.

THE STAR COUNCIL

Initiation

Sightings of objects flying through the sky date back to
ancient times, but it was not until the publicized Roswell,
New Mexico incident that the term UFO came into main-
stream thought. The US Air Force even investigated incidents
from 1947 to 1969 as a potential threat to national security.
Since the 1969 declaration that not one single case had been
proved, no official acknowledged program has been active.
Many UFO fans note that even the Air Force could not
explain over 700 of those reports and further hint that the

CHAPTER Twe: es preKun

= sa

government could be hiding the truth. Whatever the facts of
the matter, it is certain that the Technocracy wishes no
public panic over the issue, and therefore, we may never
learn what UFOs are until they are ready for us to know.

The sudden flurry of publicity about the Roswell inci-
dent created a feeding frenzy that encouraged frauds and
those hungry for attention to perpetrate hoaxes, simple and
elaborate. Others were just crackpots who believed in the
hype and imagined the worst. A few students of the paran-
ormal took the sightings seriously but chose to study them.
Their quest for knowledge seemed destined to clash with
military intelligence intent upon keeping whatever knowl-
edge they might gain secret. In 1969, a group called the Star
Council managed to break into a restricted hangar and
retrieve some very strange devices. Even they aren't com-
pletely sure what they have, but it seems as ifit could be alien.
The Star Council continues to find it very suspicious that the
government chose that particular year to announce its
official lack of concern and hide any public acknowledgment
of UFO study.

Organization

The Star Council is a small group composed of loose
cannon intellectuals, numbering less than 50. A few of them
are older discredited professors of astronomy, linguistics or
physics. Others are young hackers, intent upon cracking into
whatever government mainframe possesses the Holy Grail of
knowledge they seek. Two of them are lawyers who no longer
have a career left outside of defending other Council mem-
bers. The Star Council has suffered from an antagonistic
relationship with the government since its formation, as one
might expect — only its small size and secretive nature,
combined with the technical expertise of its younger mem-
bers, prevents the group's total arrest and collapse.

During the early 60's, before members successfully en-
tered the hangar, the Council was not so selective in its
recruitment. Naively, the Council didn't fear the govern-
ment or other UFO nuts. Bizarre fruitcakes with theories
about dead planets, lost underground alien civilizations and
chariots of the gods were as welcome to attend meetings as
the most serious students. One group of attendees even
claimed to be in contact with an immortal being of light they
called Khuvon, and dubbed themselves the Thal'hun. Ironi-
cally, the crackpot theories of the Thal'hun were so close to
the way that the devices discovered in ‘69 worked that the
Council believed them. It was almost the group's undoing.

The Thal'hun managed to convince a number of Star
Council members to participate in an expedition to a site in
the Middle East. Somehow, the expedition erupted in vio-
lence, and authorities started seriously investigating the
Council. A scared, leaner Star Council abandoned its public
offices in San Francisco and went underground. The mem-
bers know their bizarre comrades were lunatics, but they also
know that what they have found is still possibly the biggest
secret mankind has ever kept.

Ie rims

9 na og _

Style

The origin of the technological artifacts the Star Coun-
cil has hidden in a couple of abandoned warehouses is
uncertain. The Council is not aware of the Technocracy
and, thus, has no real way to distinguish between ultratech
and alien technology. Nevertheless, the devices they do
have seem to have inhuman markings on them and exhibit
properties that defy scientific principles. The Council feels
as though they are on the verge of learning the truth. It has
broken some of the linguistic code emitted by the devices
through odd beeps and buzzing. Repeating these codes to
some of the artifacts has triggered the discharge of powerful
pulses of energy, with inexplicable effects.

Disappearances reminiscent of UFO abduction stories
have plagued the Council since 1969. They have also witnessed
burns without fire or radiation, flying objects moving in impos-
sible ways, signals from empty space on static channels and
random failure of radar and compasses. Three of the Council
even returned after extended periods they can't seem toremem-
ber. Hypnotic sessions hint at their abductions but cannot
explain newfound psychic abilities. The Star Council is sure
that either aliens or the government is using human beings for
some sort of experiments. It is desperate to decipher more of the
codes, figure out what the government knows and learn the
truth, if it isn't already too late.

Paths

Conveyance, Hellfire and Weathercraft are appropriate
for Star Council members with their alien technology; many
also have various psychic abilities. Note that most Star
Council members consider their "magic" to be alien technol-
ogy and language — essentially, a sort of mystical
hyper-science.

ITIN@R ©R DEFUNCT @RDERS

Several sorcerous societies have fallen by the wayside or
been absorbed. These include, but are not limited to:

Asatru Futhark — A group of pretender-biker-Norse-
wannabe sorcerers, the Asatru Futhark promoted hate crimes
and random violence and rebellion, partly out of a misguided
racial superiority complex and partly due to juvenile bore-
dom. After several run-ins with other magical authorities
bent on putting its activities to rest, the Asatru Futhark met
its match. A small group of Aeon Order magicians managed
to utterly destroy half a dozen of the Asatru in a direct
confrontation, and the group splintered. Now, the former
Asatru tend to take up nomadic criminal lifestyles, and some
have left their former ways completely behind. However, the
Aeon Order members involved note that some other group
was apparently funding the Asatru — a group calling itself
the Thule Society, a group hailing from actual ancient Norse
religion as transliterated in World War Il German society.
The true extent, influence and goals of the Thule Society
remain unknown.


a Se
Te) CLAP

Balamob — In Mesoamerica, a few sorcerers continued
to follow the shapechanging ways of warriors from the old
Aztec Empire and its contemporaries. These bloodthirsty
sorcerers have since found their way to the Dreamspeakers,
recruited by the other Native Americans who study their
culture. (See Dead Magic for details.)

The Dozen Priests of the Pythian Order — A small
cabal of divinatory priests, this Order found itself co-opted
for its ties to the mythical Greek Oracle. Now, the priests
serve whatever entity decided to overtake Delphi. (See also
Dead Magic.)

The Fenian — Not so much a sorcerous society as a
family, the Fenian claimed lineage to the fey and had strong
magical powers to back up their claims. In recent days, the
number of mystical family members has dwindled. The Irish
legends maintain their geasa and pass on their secrets of
shapeshifting and kinship with spirits and faeries. Still, the
family's heritage runs thin these days, and only a few are born
with the natural gift.

Mogen Ha Chav — The "Shield of the 36" undertakes
a search for the 36 perfect human beings whose truly good
hearts protect the world. The New York based group uses a
combination of divination and protective magic to locate
and protect these paragons of virtue. In concert with the
Lions of Zion, it functions as a small, hidden subsect of
Kabbalistic practitioners. Though it is reclusive and doesnot
often interfere in worldly affairs (due to its highly specialized
nature), it likewise does not draw undue attention to its
actions or to the existence of its Lion patrons.

The Nephite Priesthood — An apocalyptic group of
Mormon priest-magicians, the Nephites prepared for the
coming millennium and hunted down threats to its religious
community. On January 4, 2000, something happened as the
Nephites met in Salt Lake City. Stories are contradictory,

but rumor holds that one Nephite survived some sort of
massive apocalypse, carrying the knowledge of his order so
that it might again be reborn someday. Others argue that the
militant Nephites obviously confronted something beyond
their limited capabilities and won't be coming back any time
soon.

The Seven Thunders — At the dawn of the 16th
century, a group of seven powerfully faithful sorcerers ram-
paged across the European countryside, destroying any
heretical or magical enemies they came across. They struck
fear into the hearts of unbelievers and carried out a crusade
with powers both mystical and Heavenly. In 1992, their
testament was rediscovered, and new Thunders took up their
mantle, to purge the world of evil before the prophesied
apocalypse at the turn of the millennium. When the fore-
casted disaster failed to materialize, many of the Thunders'
followers went their separate ways. Now the Thunders have
come to realize that perhaps they are not the prophesied
messengers for the new age, that some otherwise normal
humans have been touched by strange Messengers to per-
form their duties. At this time, the Seven Thunders remain
alive and active, but how long they will continue their
modern crusade is a matter of some speculation.

Thal'hun — Believers in UFOs and vibratory
supertechnology, the Thal'hun were subsumed into the
group calling itself the Star Council (see p. 39).

Uzoma — The keepers of African mysticism have been
actively sought out by their brothers the Ngoma, who had
long ago joined the Traditions. After settling some initial
differences, most Uzoma have seen the benefits of working
under a worldwide aegis that provides them with knowledge
and resources to promote their practices. Conversely, the
Uzoma do not have a distinct identity any more but remain
sorcerers attached to the Traditions.

CREATING NEW/ @®RDERS

Storytellers and players should by no means
feel constrained to the example orders in this
book, of course. The World of Darkness has
seen many sorcerous cabals rise and fall. Take
an idea that has some mystical weight to it,
and build a society about it. How mightsorcer-
ers take a specific cause or belief and use it to
empower themselves? What magic hasn't been

dirs cra ae
if ne a 43% ¢ ;

explored by other societies? What cultural practices lend
themselves to mysticism? For inspiration, try your own take
on any society or group from a novel or film that you enjoy
— odds are you can find a way to make it a sorcerous society.
Not all groups need to be "wizards in robes," either; cabals
can be religious, secular, political, physically oriented — any
practice that captures human imagination can also extend
beyond the mundane.



Ei Naneralabilitiesare like natural plants; theyneed priming
by study.
— Francis Bacon

5
acer " see you have retumed, Lisa," the old man
=}. 4) muttered withoutevenglancingup from thestrange
264 machinery over which his fingers played. "I know I
have been hard on you, but it is because you are
special. Have you figured out yet why it isso hard to
pronounce the words I keep trying to teach you?"

Lisa paused, surprised at the immediate question, but happy
nonetheless thathersomewhat erratic friend greeted her soafterher
abrupt departure during the previous month's frustration. "Because
they were not created by human beings?" She could not keep the
tone of questioning out of her voice because even now it seemed
incredible. "But why must we learn their tongue?"

"How do you suppose they arrived hete? Think of it! These
beings have traveled the stars and now shepherd humankind
toward some unseen goal. If we can but decipher their meaning
and their sciences, we shall inherit the universe, rather than
being enslaved by it."

A shiver crept up Lisa's spine as a picture of slimy gray fingers
manipulating the very object Dr. Cartier thrust into her hands

{atk F)

FT TL RE RCE TR ee TR ee Th Meee Te

THREE SHUT SMT ig GEN
, baling if ni dss

no Ve fees
re De .

iene Fri ht

AUDA SUDA Mh

a

Vj

‘

aL

slipped into her thoughts. The professor's experiments suggested
that the metal half-disc was some sort of computer. Ifonly her voice
couldcrack the codesofthe heavens. "Whatiftheyjustuse telepathy
orsomethingand only have to speak to their machines? Maybe that
would explain why no one has ever heard one talk." Suddenly,
imitating the sounds the crescent disc occasionally emitted seemed
far more important than ever.

‘THE QUEST BEGINS

Sorcerers in the World of Darkness practice magic, but they
view it differently than those popularly called mages by the Tradi-
tions. For centuries, they have been called "hedge" or "static" mages,
but with the close of the Ascension War, the weakened Traditions
have been forced to realize the equality of their magical brethren. In
truth, all magesand sorcerers practice magics thatarestatic, dynamic
and entropic. What separates them is the path to power. The
sorcerer may practice shamanism, technological advancement,
hermetic theory or even the martial arts, but her study proceeds
along very linear paths.

It is extremely important to realize that these are individuals
who know that they are every bit the equal of their more dynamic
partners. Practitioners of linear magic spend long years advancing

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION B

their knowledge of powerful paths and are confident in their potent
abilities. The wisest sorcerers may realize that they are limited to
performing permutations of magical feats pioneered by others in
ancient times, but they also know that there are ages of power to tap.
A lifetime spent digging deep into the universe's secrets can prove
more fruitful thanstumblingaround looking forsomenew way. Ithas
been said that everything has been thought of before, and at least
amongst religious sorcerers, this is considered a divine truism.

The first thing that you should do is to decide what made your
character step onto the path of sorcery. Some vision, experience,
discovery or fanatical desire sparked the impulse to search for the
mysteries of creation and formed the incredible will necessary to
carry on that search. From this initial concept, every single aspect of
your adopted persona will flow naturally, and you will find it easy to
follow him down the mystical path.

SHAPING SORCERERS

A sorcerer character is built according to Mage

Revised character creation rules, except that she

usually has fewer points and somewhat different

skills. This chapter begins with the basics of how to

| design yoursorcererandexpandstoprovideherwith

MF) new options that will help you define her magical
gift and her place in the chronicle.

The basic steps of character creation are
very similar to those from Mage Revised. For an
overview of the whole procedure and abundant

advice for both Storytellerand players, see pp. 86-94 of the Mage
tulebook. The chartabove providesa quick reference, including
changes to reflect sorcerers different points and costs.

STEP @NE:
CHARACTER CONCEPT

Concept

Youdid decide upon some sort of starting concept, right? What
was your character before she became a sorcerer? What made her
step onto the Path? A great deal of who we are is reflected in what
we do, and a strong initial concept will help you make many other
decisions while designing your character. Think of the details that
you can guess just by knowing someone isapolice officer oradentist.
Well, perhaps the individual will not fit your picture exactly, but
many generalizations will prove true.

Society

Linear mages owe more of their knowledge of the meta-
physical to their mentors and associates than most affinitive
mages. There are always exceptions, but a sorcerer will most
often continue to belong to the assembly of fellow students and
master(s) who originally instructed her in the Art. Examine the
sorcerous societies in Chapter Four and choose one thatfits your
ideas for your character. You should make sure that any choice
you make fits into the chronicle with the rest of the players and
with the Storyteller's vision. Autonomous magicians still pos-
sessan origin, from those who have decided to leave the mystical
organization that spawned their learning to the rare self taught
wizard struggling through lost tomes or the nervous recipient of
alien "visitations." Despite Nephandic claims to the contrary,
nobody comes from a complete vacuum.

Icis very important toremember that the stereotypical images
of a typical member of a society are exactly that — stereotypes.
Your character is a person first, not some faceless entity known to

the world as a Cultist of Isis or an Order of Aeon Rites member. In
fact, most people that your character knows probably aren't even
aware of her sorcerous affiliations. To them she is Chris or Tamika
or Dr. Smith. Magical teachings do come from a source, however,
and that source colors the sorcerer with its own prejudices, beliefs
and thoughts about the universe. She is still a sum greater than all
those parts, and ultimately, hers is the choice of what to adoptand
what to discard. Of course, to close-minded individuals, bound up
in their own vision of how the world works, she may be seen as
exactly the stereotype. A government agent stumbling across the
Star Council is certainly likely to see them as a bunch of crackpot
UFO conspiracy theorists.

Nature, Demeanor and Essence

Choose your personality archetypes as stated in the Mage
tulebook. (You may wish to peruse the additional choices
included here.) You should choose an Essence fitting to your
concept and society, as well, but be aware that the influence of
the Avatar is far subtler within the linear mage. If the sorcerer
‘ever comes to understand this influence consciously, he will
likely experience it mostly as a force guiding him along certain
paths of development.

STEP T We:
SELECT ATTRIBUTES

The inherent qualities and personal characteristics of your
sorcerer character are determined in the same fashion asdetailedon
.89 ofMage Revised. Unless your Storyteller isallowing the Equal
for All option noted previously, your sorcerer begins with fewer
points than anormal mage. You must prioritize Physical, Social and
Mental and spend 6 dots on your highest priority, 4 on your
secondary and 3 on your tertiary Attributes.

STEP THREE: SELECT ABILITIES

Next, as normal in the creation of a Mage character, you
need to assign the Abilities that represent your sorcerer's
learning, practice and academia. Again, the sorcerer does not
receive as many points, unless your Storyteller chooses the
Equal for All option. Prioritize Talents, Skills and Knowledges,
spending 1 1 dots toward the primary, 7 upon the secondary and
4 toraise the tertiary categories. Remember thatno Ability may
be higher than 3 at this stage. You will have the opportunity to
spend freebie points later. New Abilities designed to represent
some of the rare secrets or arts of linear mages are listed later in


CHARACTER CREATION PROCESS

Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept, society, Nature, Demeanor and Essence

Step Two: Select Attributes

Prioritize the three categories: (6/4/3). Begin with one dot in each Attribute and assign points to your Physical, Social:
and Mental Traits.

Step Three: Select Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: (11/7/4). Choose Talents, Skills and Knowledges. No Ability greater than 3 at this stag

Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5 points).

Choose Numina (5) (Paths, rituals, psychic powers, foci).

Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Willpower (5) and Mana Pool (equal to Mana Background).

Select a Resonance Trait (Dynamic, Entropic or Static).

Spend freebie points (21).

Choose Specializations. gabe

Ignite the Spark of Life.
‘EXPERIENCE POINTS

FREEBIE POINTS
2 Trait Cost

Trait Cost New Ability 3

Attribute 5 5 per dot New Path 7

Ability 2 per dot Willpower new rating
Path Tper dot Ability new rating x2
Ritual 3 each Attribute new rating x4
Background 1 per dot Path new rating x7
Willpower 1 per dot New ritual rating of ritual

Background new rating x3

this chapter. One of the important changes is that the core book
of Mage Revised does not contain any Abilities that are
unsuitable for sorcerers. This should help you close any artificial
gap between the two types of practitioners.

STEP FOUR:
SELECT ADVANTAGES

Just like other mages, sorcerers have their own ties to
mortal society. In the case of a sorcerer, such ties may even be
stronger — often, the sorcerer does not have the all-consuming
drive of a pushy Avatar or an overwhelming Tradition and,
thus, pays greater attention to worldly details. Conversely,
many sorcerers have rather weak magical affinities; they just
don't "stumble into" the bizarre situations that many mages
encounter. This doesn't mean that sorcerers are without mystic
allies and trinkets, just that such toys tend to be hard to come
by! Prioritize your advantages according to the way that you see
your sorcerer's interplay with magical and mundane society. If
your Ancient Order of Aeon Rites sorcerer also happens to be
an upstanding city councilman, you'll want to pay attention to
that with Influence and Resources. A sorcerer who makes a

QUAL FOR ALL

One of the themes inherent in Sorcerer Revised is
that all magicians are special and that most individuals,
supernatural or otherwise, cannot tell the difference be-
tweena "sorcerer" anda "mage." Nevertheless, efforts have
been made to keep from stealing the thunder from our
wakened protagonists. Some Storytellers may wish to
run chronicles in which sorcerers play alongside mages or
just want to further emphasize the fact that linear mages.
are not some inferior, lesser cousin to affinitive mages. Try.
creating some Storyteller character mages with Attribute,
Ability, Background and freebie points using" Sorce:
sed starting allocations instead of the normal Mage'
vels. Or you may wish to have some or all sorcerer:
aracters constructed using Mage Revised build values of
7/5/3 to determine Attributes, 13/9/5 for Abilities, 7
Background points, 6 Numina and 15 freebies. With an
even playing field to start, the artificial differences be?
tween sorcerers and mages dissolve and the real differe
can stand out on their own merit.

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

Pa nny YI SoMa YTS Fett PPh techind
ne ih Hf hath 2 3 fe.


46 SORCERER

P matt

od

doddy or tracking mystica artifacts may weff have a useful
Wonder or two.

CH@@SE BACKGR®UNDS

Sorcerer characters receive five points of Backgrounds.
However, not all of the Traits included in the Mage Revised
tulebook are suitable. The common Backgrounds available to
all sorcerer characters are Allies, Contacts, Influence, Library,
Mentor and Resources. A sorcerer may even begin play with
some sort of Wonder, if the Storyteller approves a relic, device,
talisman or fetish as being suitable for her style. Arcane, Destiny
and Dream are sometimes suitable for the occasional sorcerer
but bear careful consideration by the Storyteller as to whether
they fit the role of linear mages in her chronicle. The Node
Background requires special mention. Unless the style of the
magician strongly encourages ideas of a place of power or the
chronicle contains a mixture of mages and sorcerers, Storytell-
ers should not allow this option. All mortals, of course, possess
an Avatar, but the linear mage guides his down a set road and,
therefore, does not possess a rating in the background. New
options for Backgrounds intended tohelp detail your character's
special advantages are included later in this chapter.

If you use some supplemental material like The Bitter
Road or Guide to the Traditions, the additional Backgrounds
in those books may be useful as well — Rank, Fame and even
Cult might all be appropriate.

CH@e@sé NUITINA

All of the basic decisions you already made in designing
your sorcerer character should have you well on the way to
designing his magic. In the world of Mage, we know that all
powers beyond those of normal humans are forms of magic. Our
magicians do not see this overarching unity so clearly, and
therefore, their beliefs and styles limit them in how and why this
power manifests. In the World of Darkness, the cultist, Rever-
end, spoon-bender, mad scientist and telepath see their abilities
as entirely different and probably consider them unrelated or
even deny the existence of other powers. Seemingly endless
traditions, unnumbered rituals, holy miracles, spells, incredible
devices and fantastical physical feats form a body of lore that
even White Wolf will never fully tap. For convenience's sake,
we call supernatural abilities possessed by otherwise normal
human beings Numina, from numen, or "divine nod." The
Storyteller system reflects the common roots that these spiritual
arts share with a system of rules that, for the most part, achieves
the unity that defies the characters behind them.

The expenditure of Numina points depends totally upon
the style of the sorcerer's powers. All styles fall into categoriza-
tionasmythic, technocratic orpsychic, and though thisdivision
isarbitrary ina metaphysical sense, it does reflect the basic rules
differences and differences in paradigm. Each style controls the
type of Numina thatare available and the foci necessary in order
to use them. Unless the Equal for All options are used, a
character has five Numina points to spend. It is perhaps worth
noting that the linear mage is NOT limited to spending only
three points in a single Path. Reaching the heights of power in

e ' Fb oy

1
site ee tae
Pi tiie AE

hay

q}

De CT 7 es

— sy

Zz Ee - ‘

a narrower field is one of the advantages of the sorcerer. (Of
course, the Storyteller may well veto a character who seems to
be nothing more than a bunch of dots geared toward,
say, Hellfire.)

Mythic Numina

If her style is mystical in nature, distribute five points for the
sorcerer within Paths listed from the society that you chose for her.
Then choose one ritual per level of each Path from those listed in
Chapter Four. This does not mean that you have to take a ritual at
each level of your Path rating, though youcannot take aritual ofany
specific level unless you have at least one of each lower level. Thus,
if you havea Level Three rating in the Path of Alchemy, you could
take a Level One, a Level Two and a Level Three ritual, or three
Level One rituals, or single Level One and two Level Two rituals.
Unless youspend freebie points to gain more, this results in five total
levels of Paths and five rituals.

With yourStoryteller'spermissionandassumingthenew Paths
fit the character, you may even spend freebies to obtain Paths and
rituals outside of her society's basic list. Perhaps your magician has
studied with other orders or comes from a different cultural back-
ground than is typical for her group. The important thing to
remember is that all Paths and rituals chosen should be mythic in
styleand that they should make sense for the story behind the origin
of yourcharacter. The majority ofsorcerersfall into the mythicstyle,
either through their affiliation with a Tradition or because they
retain the practices of ancient societies.

Next, choose a signature focus for each Path. Any time the
sorcerer uses this specialty tool or keystone, she gains a one-point
break on the difficulty. Aspernormal Mage rules, the magician may
choose some unique focus for her signature tool and thereby receive
atwo-point break on casting difficulties — penalized by the normal
loss should she find herself without access to it. Other possible foci
for standard use in magical invocation are listed under the society's
section on style. Sorcerers of a mystical bent caught without any
focusatall maystillseek tocast their magic, surpassing the temporary
need fora focus, butit is immensely difficult. In addition to requiring
apointof Willpowerand imposing penalty of three to the magical
featroll, the power enacted must besimilartoa previoususage. Hurai
could light a candle, even bound and gagged, as he has performed
that particular trick many times in the past. The Path, once woven
distinctly into the Tapestry, serves to empower the mystic to tug
upon the universe's memory of the act. Sorcerers cannot abandon
foci entirely unless they someday lay aside the linear path for an
affinitive Awakening.

Technocratic Numina

Technocratic sorcerers practice a scientific style of magic. Of
course, they see theirmiraculousachievementsas merely the logical
extensions of scientific theorem, but the effect is essentially the
same. They receive the standard five points of Paths and five rituals,
but these powers predicate upon scientific principles and laws.
Because their Arts fall into the realm of possibility, scientific-based
magiciansare less likely to face persecution orabsolute disbelief from
bystanders. The flip side to this is that their waysare newerand have
beenaccepted in reality forafarshortertime, and thusthereare fewer
established Paths. Chapter Four provides a number of examples of

TT@DELS ©F THE Cesines

Every model of the universe finds reflections in the nature of the magical societies who inhabit it. The static, dynamic
and entropic triangle finds respectively the Technocracy, Marauders and Nephandi embodying its extreme points with
the Traditions theoretically walking down the middle. Another division of reality often described by mages is that of body,
spirit and mind. The extremes of the Traditions' enemies are nonexistent or at least muted among sorcerers, if only due
to the nature of linear magic. Nonetheless, there is a certain obvious correlation between the basic types of sorcerers and
the segments of the cosmos. Three basic styles of willworking dominate amongst sorcerers and their Numina.

Scientific or technocratic Numina revolve almost entirely around the physical realms and thus easily reside in the
province of body. From astronomy to zoology, the technological logic seeks to redefine all of creation within the scope

fits own reason. The power to alter reality in the material universe is potent in the modern era, but it foolishly ignores
the wisdom of the ages and suffers from a lack of spirituality that invites moral decrepitude. It is common for a scientist
to see experimentation as the greater good and to accept other evils in the name of science — "we don't drop the bombs,
‘we just build them," as the saying goes.

Numina Paths of mystical might derive from long-honored rituals that allow the diligent and faithful to draw upon

the power of millennia of philosophical and divine thought. The brief explosion of the present is not yet enough to shatter

the historical inertia of thousands of years of mythic tradition. The tapestry of ancient myth isan ocean still waiting within

the spirit of everything for its deepest secrets to come forth. Unfortunately, the traditional sorcerer resides largely in the
past, and every day leaves her a bit more lost to abandoned ideology and forgotten practices.

Mind is not remotely a surprise as the province of the psychic practitioner. He likely beats you half to death with

itinuous reminders that it is all that matters, the mind overcomes all other concerns, whether body or spirit. Purity of
se lends the psychic a strength that is difficult to steal. A sorcerer who has mastered her own mental abilities to the

other loss of control, she will always be sharp and ready to act. Unfortunately, absolute dedication to one's own mind

encourages hubris. Specifically, it denies access to the immense power that resides in mythic resonance, confuses
‘spirituality with personal achievement and creates an adversarial relationship between the material world and the ego. 7

Perhaps your sorcerer will transcend the limitations that arise naturally out of his style, but it isimportant to keep
Fin mind. Whether you allow your character to fall prey to his own Arts or excel at guiding him to rise above them,
I play a strong role. The roles of body, mind and spirit are so basic and pervasive that you may even discover th

asier to see and incorporate than the principles of stasis, dynamism and entropy. Perhaps you can finally recognize that

the linear path is more readily seen, followed and mastered.

technocratic Paths, but you can always adjust other Paths themati-
cally if youcan agree with the Storyteller how toexplain their logical
super-scientific theory.

Choose a specialty focus for each Path, for which you receive
thestandardone-pointbreak, and note thestandard focilistedunder
your society's style. Whether due to some remarkable personal
invention ora theorem yet unaccepted by the scholarly community
atlarge,atechnocratic willworkermay choosesome unique focus for
their alterations of reality. As usual, this results in the two-point
break on Path difficulty rolls, penalized by a three-pointpenalty plus
necessary Willpower expenditure should he lose it. Scientific
willworkers cannot perform miracles without their tools, though,
and, thus, can never surpass or abandon foci. Due to the ubiquitous
nature of technology in the modern world, technocraticsorcerersdo
notoften find themselvesdeprived ofall foci. When doomed by fate,
stranded without tools, the technocratic sorcerer is at the mercy of
his raw wits, skills and physique. Some schools of technocratic
thought prepare for this possibility by seeking to redesign the
sorcerer's mind and body.

Psychic Numina

To the psychic practitioner, powerful feats occur solely by the
extension of the might of the mind over the reality of the body and

est ‘ ' 2
Nay APY May Weg VEL Mig RL TM eT
. ‘ es

the physical universe. In one sense, they have eamed the ultimate
respect of many mages, fornothing but will is required to change the
world around them. Dedication to the purity of the mind, unfortu-
nately, has cost the psychic the ability to draw upon the inherent
power of outside foci and their resonance. To represent this, the
psychic practitioner does not have access to rituals. Chapter Five
goes into more detail about the psychic and her powers.

While the psychic individual cannot engage in rituals in
the traditional sense, he can work together with other coopera-
tive psychics. Parapsychology studies allow multiple minds to
work together to achieve a more powerful effect. Each psychic
capable of the power in question and working in conjunction
may assist and thereby contribute a die pool as if he were
splitting actions between a skill roll of Perception + Parapsy-
chology anda psychic power roll of Path Rating + Attribute, i.e.
since the two skills are wrapped together, use the lesser die pool
less two dice. Asan example, two psychics are trying to warp the
mind ofa target, working together. Dr. Dunglas has four dots of
Perception and one of Parapsychology, with three dots of
Psychic Hypnosis and three dots of Manipulation. He may roll
five dice as the leader of a conjunctional effort. His partner, Dr.
James, possesses two dots of Perception and two of

CHAPTER THREE pare CREATION 41

shay Hy Ray

ae

at
wd


Parapsychology, with three dots of Psychic Hypnosis and two of
Manipulation and, therefore, may add but two dice to the
conjunctional effect. Between the two of them, they may roll
seven dice to alter the mind of their victim.

The only focus that a psychic practitioner uses is his own
mind's concentration. Goncentration requires a full combat
turn during which the psychic may do nothing else, and thus,
the psychic power roll and effect will occur on the following
turn. If a psychic chooses to do anything else while trying to
enact mental powers, he must split actions between a Wits +
Parapsychology roll and whatever other action she wants to
achieve. At least one success, and possibly more if the Story-
teller feels itis fair, is required on the Wits + Parapsychology roll
to successfully maintain concentration.

Insomesituations,a psychic may wish to try to "fast-cast" some
mental power in a real hurry, forbidding her the time necessary to
concentrate properly. Ifshe invokes amental discipline withoutany
time for concentration, the psychic must expend a Willpower point
and accept a penalty of three to the target difficulty number, as she
is essentially surpassing her focus. Psychics can never completely
abandon the focus of concentration.

STEP FIVE: FINISHING T ®UCHES

Willpower

Sorcerers require the same headstrong and willful nature found
in mages in order to persevere through the trials and nuances of
magical initiation and training. Your sorcerer may find herself
requiring a mighty will even more often than her affinitive mage
fellowsas she cannot simply tap into reality's underlying power. All
sorcerers start with a Willpower of at least five dots, bolstered by
freebie points if you wish to spend them thus.

Mana, Quintessence and Paradox

Linear mages do not make a habit of slashing the tapestry
into bits orcreating new laws of reality from raw power. Drawing
their mastery of the world from its own secret nature, they can
coax it into cooperation without suffering the resounding
backlash wrought by shattering its subtle surface. Therefore,
they do not suffer from Paradox in the same way as their
affinitive friends. This is not to say that a botched spell or ritual
cannot cause a sorcerer dangerous problems, but overall, the
softer footsteps she takes upon the face of the earth promise her
endeavors a somewhat smoother course.

Sorcerers do not foster the wellspring of creation within
their Avatars strongly enough to drink directly of its unadulter-
ated energies. Thus, they do not receive Quintessence either.
Some magicians, psychics and martial artists learn to absorb
some bit of the soul of the universe, thought of as Mana ora sort
of mystical breath or spiritual energy rather than the pure
creative energy of reality. Those with the Mana Background
begin with a pool of points equal to the Trait rating. Without
some gift upon which to draw, it is difficult and unlikely for the
linear mage to gain any sort of power outside of her own skills.

COommBINING ‘AND CONVERTING NUIMINA

Typically, an extraordinary mortal has only one
sort of Numina— mythic sorcery, True Faith, excep-
tional science, psychic powers, etc. However, in very
rare cases, someone might have multiple talents. To
represent this, the cost of any disparate talent after
the primary one is doubled. For instance, if a player
wants to build a character with both psychic phe-
nomena and mythic sorcery, she can do so by spending
two Numina dots for each dot of powers in the
secondary aptitude. Say the character is naturally
psychic; the player would spend five Numina dots but
could swap two of those dots fora single dot of mythic
sorcery, leaving the remaining three for psychic phe-
nomena. Similarly, additional dots purchased with
freebies have double cost as well. This applies to all

nodes beyond the primary. Thus, a character might
primarily study extraordinary science but also have
some skill with technomancy (a pseudo-mystical dis-
cipline) and psychic phenomena; the latter two would
come at double cost. Or the'character could have
True Faith but at a cost of 14 points for the Merit
instead of the usual 7. (This does not indicate that
Numina dots can be used to purchase True Faith,
simply that True Faith's normal cost is doubled if it's
a secondary area of power.)

Once a character is created, all experience costs
are normal. Thus, a character with both psychic
phenomena and mythic sorcery can advance both
areas at the normal rate, though of course he has:
fewer powers to start with and will have to split his
experience between the two separate areas.

Alternately, you may choose to pick some psy- |

thic power and use it as a Path of sorcery, or vice-versa.

‘or instance, you could use psychic Telepathy, but
‘state that your magician uses spells and rituals to

ommunicate mind-to-mind. Or you could have a
psychic who's capable of altering the weather with
concentration. Ultimately, such conversions rely
upon the discretion of the Storyteller. Asa good rule
of thumb, such a power should have a strong story:
reason behind it (a sorcerous society that has a strong
mental discipline might teach magical Mind Shield-
ing) and should have some ready correlation. Psychi
powers can easily become sorcerous Paths; most of
the powers are instant effects, accessible with a short
spell. Conversely, the instant effects of a sorcerou

ath can form the core of a psychic discipline; the
rituals would remain out of reach of psychic power —
the price of a power that springs up from inside
without the aid of focusing tools and aids.


Select a Resonance Trait
A sound exists that causes every object to resound with a like
vibration and an article exists forreflecting every emanation of sonic
energy. Magic is no different and, in fact, may be even more
interconnected. Any effort to change the universe works equally
within the one who acts, for the magician is the ultimate mirror
warping the vision of reality like a funhouse reflection. It may be
difficult tosee the entire path upon which yoursorcerer will embark,
asany decision is heavily marked by specific delineated Paths. Thus,
initially you should only choose one Resonance trait, whether
dynamic, static or entropic. Assign one dot to it and a descriptive
term or specialty. Try to remember that often the resonance of a
linear mage istied into the very structured way in which they learned
toperform magic. As your magical knowledge continues to develop
along different lines, you and your Storyteller should come to any
agreements about additional resonance traits or gain in level of
resonance rating.

Though sorcerers do not make Arete rolls, because their
magic depends upon Path rolls instead, Resonance still has an
effect upon everything they do. Color a magician's Paths with
his Resonance. As an example, a sorcerer with the Dynamic
Resonance of Fiery would tend to do his magic in flickering
waves of flame and probably uses a focus that involves fire.
Perhaps he meditates upon a candle or his spells always cause a
wash of heat. Even a psychic could have such a resonance; his
telepathic powers make people feel hot or cause objects manipu-
lated to become warm.

SPEND FREEBIE POINTS

The final hard-and-fast rules step is spending the pool of
freebie points that lets you really go to town modeling your
sorcerer to fit your image of her. Unless your Storyteller is using
the Equal for All option, you receive 21 freebie points to spend
according to the chart found in the condensed Character
Creation chart. Try to fill in places you missed. Is there a skill
your character really should have or have at a higher rating?
Have you given her Background points to cover your vision of
her history?

If your Storyteller allows Merits and Flaws, this would also be
the time to choose them. Some new Merits and Flaws, especially for
sorcerers, appear laterin this chapter, butitis worth consideringhow
those already presented by the basic rules might apply. All of the
normal Physical and Social Merits and Flaws easily transfer from
affinitive mage to linear sorcerer with nonoticeable changes. In fact
many of them could even be found amongst mortals or thus far un-
Awakened acolytes. It is worth noting that the Primal Marks Flaw
might be suitable for Maison Liban sorcerers whose genetic traits
strike a sense of reminiscence within Tremere vampires. Most
Mental Meritsand Flawscan be used without change, including the
Time Sense Merit. Those affecting sleep would cause serious
problems for sorcerers such as the oneiromancers from the Silver
Portal. Due to the difference in magic rules, the Sleepwalker Flaw is
not suitable for linear mages. Supematural Merits and Flaws that
affect the Avatar or Spheres of a mage obviously are not appropriate
forasorcerer. These include Circumspect Avatar, Manifest Avatar,

a hy

SHREW UEL eg PTA
‘

PARAD®x AND Non

We have already spent a lot of time explaining
why the power of the Awakened mage is different
from the structured and residual threads that give
magical strength to linear mages and other super-
natural denizens of the World of Darkness. However,
does this mean that Paradox never strikes at other
beings? Well, no. As the defender of consensual
reality, Paradox levies its toll on anything outside the
common world. One could theorize that Paradox
affects the vampire by forcing him to drink blood, the
werewolf by causing vulnerability to silver and the
changeling by making iron particularly deadly. Nev-
ertheless, might there be ways that sorcerers and
other supernatural creatures could directly suffer from
Paradox — or at least from these scourges, wherever
they spring? Not if the Storyteller wishes to keep
things simple and avoid that particular path, but if
she wants to explore it, here are some options:

The most common source of such a situation
might be thatsome Wonders enact affinitive magical
effects and yet are useful to anyone, potentially even
sleepers. If such an item has a vulgar effect, the
Paradox gained will channel into the user rather than
the item. In fact, some Marauders intentionally make
items that do just that. Paradox gained in this fashion
acts ag normal for Mage characters but istempered in
style by the wondrous item used and the purpose to
which it was put. The Resonance that the item holds
— often gathered from its creation and its creator —
always flavors such Paradox.

Other possibilities include victims altered by
magic in such a way that their very presence is an
affront to reality. If the Storyteller does not wish to
use any Paradox rules for non-mages, the easiest
solution is that the force of Paradox acts as unbelief
and returns the victim toward its "normal," uninflu-
enced state. Alternatively, the force of Paradox further
harms the target, focusing on her aberrant nature and
its damaging influence. Certain Merits and Flaws
may open a linear mage to the assault of Paradox. In
addition, other strange situations may arise that offer
opportunities for Paradox to strike other beings who
are not mages. Ifa vampire, for example, seeks to gain
some special power from the potent blood of a mage,
he may discover himself strangely influenced by
uncontrolled forces released by that blood, one Para
dox point for every blood point spent, perhaps:
Options like this arm those Storytellers who wish to
emphasize the inscrutable face that mages present to
other denizens of the World of Darkness.

CHAPTER THREE CHARACTER CREATION


DY

N

\\

a
T:Vi6 6 Fam

PN O77

Se A)
. —_ ee

Twin Souls, Shattered Avatar, Sphere Natural, AvatarCompanion
and Sphere Inept. The Legendary Attributes Merit, however, is a
very good way to help represent some of the remarkable achieve-
ments of various physical Paths. Most other Merits and Flaws of a
supernatural origin fit sorcerers just as easily as they do mages or, at
least, can be easily altered to fit. Asalways, Merits and Flaws remain
a wholly optional system, but they can be useful to underscore your
sorcerer's magical heritage or to underscore a particular break
from convention.

CH@@SE SPECIALIZATIONS

Foreach Attribute, Ability and Path rated atfourorhigher,
you get to assign a specialization. As per the normal Mage rules,
any time you perform an action that uses the Attribute, Ability
or magical Path ina way that reflects your character's specialized
talents, any 10s are kept and another die is added to the pool. In
the case of Path ratings, thiscan be very powerful, since die pools
are often higher than Arete ratings for mages. Of course, with
less flexible magic, itcan sometimes be harder to manipulate the
situation such that a specialization comes into play.

IGNITE THE SPARK OF LIFE

You have been making decisions about your character at
every step of the way, so far. Hopefully, you have had a lot more
on your mind than just some dots on a piece of paper, but just
in case, now is the time to flush out the whole picture. Look at
what each of your traits says about your sorcerer. Breathe life
into him by deciding what each dot means. What does your
magician look like? What are her hobbies? She is a human

BYR ae r=:
i

being, right? Don't skip this stage, please, you might not respect
yourself in the morning.

Put some thought into the following questions, and try
writing them down. Who are your friends, family and associates
at your job? Or do you have any? Where do you live, in a house
or apartment or on the streets? What are your quirks, manner-
ismsand habits that others might remember or find annoying or
attractive? Describe your own personal magical style and the
types of foci you use. And then go back and examine the
questions in the Mage rulebook. How old are you? How was your
life different (what made you step onto the path of magic)?
What "touch of strange," or mini-Awakening, opened the
mystic to the possibilities of the magical world? What was your
upbringing? When did you first encounter magic? How did you
join your magical society? How did you join your cabal? How do
you deal with the mundane world? What's your motive? Does
your character have a sense of her future? How does your
character see his mystic path? What conflicts wait in the road
of magical development?

That should be enough to get you started, but don't be
afraid to write up however long a description you think you
would enjoy. Just remember that any particularly bizarre back-
grounds need backup by points in Traits and, as always, are
subject to your Storyteller's permission. Don't worry, though,
most Storyteller's are happy to accommodate any work you put
into your character's past, as long as it is reasonable and not
ridiculous. Remember, you were a somewhat normal person
before stepping foot upon the mystic path.

NEw TRAITS

Most of what sorcerers do already fits neatly into
the capabilities of normal humans or those of
mages. There are things that set sorcerers aside
4 from the norm, however, that are not always
directly related to their magic. This section
details some of those special abilities and skills.

Lucid Dreaming

For most people, dreams are something that happen to
them that they are lucky even to remember. From choosing the
subject matter of your dreams to altering their conditions, you
have some degree of control over what happens when you are
dreaming. This talent is useful for achieving insight into one's
subconscious and gaining incredible details for stories. Because
dreams gain special meaning and power in the Maya Realms,
the talent also is useful for building status and reputation
amongst the Oneira lords and dream-spirits and weaving new
dreams and realities to populate the dream world. Without
magic that lets one explore the Dream Realms, though, you will
never know whether your dreams were merely self-restricted

hallucination or epic fantasies envied by the mightiest

of Oneira.

° Novice: You eat heavy foods and watch strange movies
to inspire your nightly sessions.

oe Practiced: You often dream about things that
interest you.

eee Competent: The contents of your dreams are open
to change.
eeee Expert: Your dream world is a continuing project.

ee'e0. Master Do you ever wake up?

Possessed by: Oneiromancers, Dreamspeakers, Authors

Specialties: Specific Changes (such as adding one consistent
component), Somnambulation, Nightmares

SKILLS

Hypnotism

Though the true limits of this skill remain unknown to
modem science, psychics and psychiatrists continue to test its
nuances. While myths of sleeper agents and "Manchurian
candidates" are probably far-fetched but hidden truths in the
World of Darkness, it is up to the Storyteller to decide how
useful this skill truly proves. Careful attention should ensure

50 S@RCERER
een reghideng : RUG eA te
HT ‘ ‘ ! =


—y

mt

that mundane talents do not create feats that should only be
possible with magic. Hypnotism can place a subject into a
trance, which lets the practitioner gather information or treat
psychological problems. To put a subject into a trance state
requires an opposed Charisma + Hypnotism roll against the
target's Willpower. An unwilling subject may automatically
resist simply by expending a Willpower point, so breaking a
strong mind may bea very time consuming process. Thenumber
of successes indicates how much can be learned or the extent of
psychiatric help applied. Hypnotism used in conjunction with
various mental Numina or Mind magics may have increased
effects, such as programming specific actions to occur ata later
time. See also the psychic Numina of Empathic Hypnotism, in
Chapter Five, which allows a far wider range of effects.
. Novice: People you entrance probably got road
hypnosis even without you.
Practiced: You can learn some interesting things.
Competent: You feel comfortable enough to en-
gage in self-hypnosis.
Expert: You can reach deep into the mind of your
subject.
Master: An entranced mind is like clay in your
hands.
Possessed by: Psychiatrists, Interrogation Experts, Holistic
Healers, Psychics
Specialties: Interrogation, Behavior Training, Regression,
Hypnotherapy

KNOWLEDGES

Lore: Specialized

Some types of knowledge are very specialized and involve
many details that bear little or no reference to anything else.
Thus, these secrets are extremely useful when applied to the
specific subject at hand but relatively useless in any other
context. Knowing the inside circle of the Arcanum or the truth
about vampires could very well get you that needed research
grant or save your life if you are faced with the subject of your
knowledge. But knowing about vampires isn't going to do a
single other thing for you. When you choose a Lore knowledge,
it must be specialized, such as Vampire Lore, Arcanum Lore,
Technocracy Lore.

. Student: You know many of the basics.

oe College: Youare starting to understand some of the
secrets.

eee Masters: You are well versed in your subject of

Lore.

Doctorate: You know as much as most of your

subjects.

Scholar: You know your subjects better than they

know themselves.

Possessed by: Occultists, Anthropologists, Witch-hunters,
Kooks

Specialties: Tradition Lore, Mummy Lore, Shapeshifter
Lore, Faerie Lore

-s)>
I
~~ — "
Parapsychology

Serious study in the field of parapsychology dates to the 1882
founding of the Society of Psychical Research in England. Such
knowledge continues to be regarded with suspicion by the scientific
community at large, but a few of its ideas, such as hypnotism have
even managed to enter mainstream medicine. Basic experiments
and theory concem one of two phenomenon: extrasensory percep-
tion or psychokinesis. For the theoretical student, parapsychology
involves the search for evidence of the nature of psi phenomena,
including non-sensory detection, influence of random events, after
death existence and out-of-body experiences. All too often, such
studies are frustratingly inconclusive. For the real psychic, however,
Parapsychology teaches one how to use his own powers.

You should use Parapsychology rolls for psychic powers to
maintain concentration, perform group effects and delve into
the possibilities of what can theoretically be done with psychic
energy. Maintaining concentration will sometimes require a
Wits + Parapsychology roll. Working in conjunction with a
group usually demands Perception + Parapsychology roll. Use
of Parapsychology with Paths is as indicated under the specific
power in question.

. Student: This stuff is interesting, isn't it?

ee College: You have spent time observing experi-
ments in the field, or you have read many serious
works on the subject.

eee Masters: You could even make a living by teaching
or doing research.

eeee Doctorate: You engage in groundbreaking work such
as that which created hypnotism.

@eeee Scholar: If you aren't already a psychic, you are

getting close.
Possessed by: Parapsychologists, Psychics, Charlatans
Specialties: ESP, Psychokinesis, Trances, Conjunctions

NEW BACKGR®UNDS

People don't actually start as blank sheets of paper, and
neither do sorcerers. The friends and acquaintances a magician
makes may serve to help her find out information or get out of
danger, but they say a lot more about her character. Keeping a
job and, thus, an income may not always seem glamorous, but
it helps pay the bills and keep food on the table. Nearly every
sorcerer belongs to the normal society in which he resides as
firmly as he belongs to his magical society. Still, the very nature
of sorcery is intent upon gaining other advantages over the
surrounding world. The crafty magician will usually gather
mystical books, exotic materials, a safe place to work her rituals
and even a reputation amongst other practitioners. The Back-
grounds detailed in this section represent special advantages
that set sorcerers apart from mages and mortals alike.

CHOLE

You are a medium in the voodoo sense, originally known
amongst the Bata'a and other similar practitioners as cholé or
Godflowers. That is, your body and mind are open gateways to

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION 51

nfoat els
wa RE yy Mbit AY
J 4 #4

1
4

st


Vs
rt

the spirit world. Ghosts, nature spirits and the mighty loa ride
you like a fine horse. Today called Les Chevaux, literally The
Horses, amongst the Bata'a and other voodoo practitioners,
sorcerers and mages with a strong connection to the spirit world
are suitably respected. The sacrifice intrinsic to acting as the
open door between the realms is a sacred duty and garners
immense attention from otherworldly powers and deep honor
among spiritual cultures. The power you represent is demon-
strated in the ease with which spirits may possess you and
channel their magical charms through you into the material
world. The higher your rating in this Background, the more
ly spirits can use you, for good or ill. This is the ultimate
sacrifice, however, and at least some of the loa will truly
appreciate and reward you. It is worth noting that this Back-
ground can even exist amongst otherwise normal mortals. The
will of the other world is not limited to the enlightened alone.

X The only voices you hear can be cured with psychi-
atric help.

. Weak — you are the equivalent of a lame nag; -1 to
spirit difficulties through you.

oe Medium — you have practice, and spirits appreciate
this; -2 to difficulties of possession and charms.

ees Strong — spirits favor a link such as you; -3 to

difficulties to affect the world through you.

eee Powerful —the loa enjoy the gateway you provide; -4 to
difficulties to enact spirit powers.

eeeee Legendary — even the unbelievers see the divine in
you; -5 to target numbers for spirits.

GUIDE
A mystical animal or minor spirit has chosen to help the

sorcerer along her magical Path. Generally such entities are very

interested in the welfare (orat leastfoibles) ofhumansbuthavesome

motive to attempt to encourage certain types of behavior in their

sorcerer companions. Crafty, knowledgeable in magical concerns

and possessed of inhuman senses, these beingshavea lot tooffertheir

patrons. Nothing is free, though, and this relationship is a two-way

street. Guides expect special treatment, including food, shelter,

friendship and even strange supernatural necessities. In return,

guides can help a sorcerer learn mythic lore, gain new Paths or

discover unseen things. Take the opportunity to create an interest-

ing, unique creature who has reason to share your sorcerer's fate and

influence her behavior.

xX Get a pet.

. Weak guide —a talking, relatively non-combative
animal with a few occult skills.

oo Minor guide — exceptionally bright small animal or spirit
with detailed occult knowledge.

eee Apt guide —a large, intelligent animal or asmaller
supernatural creature.

Strong guide — an animal or spirit with a few
magical abilities of its own.

Powerful guide — a creature with magical talents,
vast knowledge and probably a reputation.

52 S@RCERER

Ws aoe 1 Obey ‘
Oey ee hace
+) ey K ate fa Spe ot i+

Age oa A ge |

ie

i +

.
1

il


Whether they call it chi, essence, ki, pneuma, psychic
energy, ionized electrolytes or any number of other traditional
names, sorcerers can tap into sources of energy that empower
themin their performance of magic. Meditating orrestingon ley
lines, in holy places or even in supercharged chemical baths
grants the magician who understands their nature a source of
power. Other sorcerers ingest a diet of rare substances believed
to invoke potency or engage themselves in strenuous rituals,
exhausting daily regimens of practice or hypnotic empower-
ment. Whatever the individual's methods, she exhibits an
energy that helps her work her Art, a force described by some as
being akin to breath or spirit, or, in Latin, "Mana."

When performing Path or ritual magic, a sorcerer may
expend Mana to lower the difficulty target number. As usual,
her difficulty cannot be lowered by more than three; however,
Mana may reduce threshold instead, though never below one.
Recovering Mana requires the sorcerer to perform her chosen
method of recharging and succeed ina Perception + Meditation
roll, difficulty 7, with each success restoring one point.

xX You have to get by on your skill alone.
. May store a pool of/expend one Mana
ee May store a pool of/expend two Mana
May store a pool of/expend three Mana
May store a pool of/expend four Mana
© May store a pool of/expend five Mana

STATUS

You have recognition within your occult, religious or
super-scientific society. This may be due to anything from the
circumstances of your birth to remarkable personal achieve-
ments. Note that this does not necessarily mean that you are
powerful, but you have a reputation amongst others of your
kind. This standing means associates listen to youand generally
defer — it does not automatically mean that you are well liked
and, indeed, may even gain you enemies who are jealous of your
fame. The esteem you have gained may not always translate into
authority in outside organizations either. Words of wisdom
spoken by the Pope seldom move even the poorest shaman.
Status may be gained in different groups with points spent
separately (i.e. Church Status, Bioengineer Status or UFO
Experts) or the character may hope that the Storyteller will rule
that it applies to the situation in question. Very high levels of
Status may garner some small recognition among mortals, but
any real temporal power must be purchased with Influence. The
size of the sorcerer's group also defines Status within it. High
status for a small group may indicate virtual life and death
influence and medium status within a very large group may still
mean being unknown outside of your home turf.
X Who do you think you are?
e Close associates respect you
ee You have great influence over your branch of the

society and those attached to it

fig

Sa hehe Shine

ih fet ss ei eee

re ~~
a

ar

eee Others often seek your wisdom, sometimes from
far away
eee Your reputation extends far and wide, potentially

even to other cultures
eeeee The Dalai Lama

New ITIERITS AND FLAWS

Use of Merits and Flaws is by no means mandatory. In fact,
if your group is happy assuming character weaknesses and
roleplaying their difficulties and strengths without some magi-
cal carrot on astick, you are potentially better off without them.
Liberal use of Merits and Flaws encourages goofy, weak, one-
note character concepts and min-maxing munchkin twinks.
On the other hand, they make extremely handy tools to
customize your character in ways that bend the standard rules
yet keep a universal reference point for everyone playing the
game. If your Storyteller sees them as tools rather than a pain in
theass, prove herright. Take them in small doses, and make sure
you havea strong story motive for doing so. Otherwise, youmay
just be the straw that broke the camel's back and soured her on
their presence in the game at all. Many of the following sample
Merits and Flaws are intended to help show the special differ-
ences between sorcerers and other denizens of the World of
Darkness, but read carefully, some of them may be useful in

other venues as well.

PHYSICAL ITIERITS AND FLAW/S

Sterile (1-pt. Merit or Flaw)

Put simply, your sorcerer cannot have children. For those
who practice Tantric rituals or require sex as a focus, but do not
desire pregnancy or unwanted children, this isa Merit. For those
who belong to cultures, strong families or marriages that expect
them to have children, this is a Flaw.

The Flow of Ki (3-pt. Merit)

Most advanced practitioners of the martial arts spend a lot
of time trying to explain that their prowess is not simply a result
ofskill. Desperately, they seek to explain that their might comes
from an understanding of the energy we all possess, the breath
of the inner spirit. You understand that lesson in a way that
allows you to apply it to physical feats. You may spend Mana
(chi, ki, whatever your style calls it) points to reduce the
difficulty target number of any die pool for a physical action.
The difficulty number may not be reduced lower than two, nor
may you reduce it by more than three. Obviously, you must
already have the Mana to spend or this Merit is useless.

S@CIAL ITIERITS AND FLAWS

Faction Favorite (2-pt. Merit)

Awakened mages may be the visionaries who help the
Traditions and Conventions build the future, butitis the linear
mages who provide the bedrock foundation upon which new
recruits, cultural identity, stable Chantries and hopes for the
future are actually built. Whether due toa special distinction for
conserving the past glories of a Tradition or a solid reputation

CHAPTER THREE CHARACTER CREATION
re
"Me Ua abt

\}


Dx rete = ei iy aes =:

as one of the backbones of organizational power, you command
respect in your Tradition or Convention. This is important
because the worldwide influences of the mighty keystone asso-
ciations of magicians transcend most of the smaller societies
that manage to survive the ages. Modify all social rolls con-
nected to Tradition or Convention Status or decision-making
by two points of difficulty in your favor.

Force of Spirit (2-pt. Merit)

The raw inner force of your soul grants you a certain
character that others may find irresistible. Perhaps you glow
with an inner light; maybe your beauty seems virtually divine.
You may spend Mana points to reduce the difficulty target
number ofa social roll. No difficulty may be lower than two, and

> none may be lowered by more than three. Obviously, you must
FEE possess Mana points to be able to spend them.
A Ritual Congregation (4-pt. Merit)

Some magicians require large numbers of believers to aid
them in creating the resonance and trappings necessary to
invoke spells or rituals. Most individuals limited in such a way
become adept at manipulating or swaying audiences into help-
ing them, unwittingly or not. You have carefully cultivated a
group of at least 100 members who are at least familiar enough
with the concepts of your magical style to serve as useful aids in
the process. Of course, most of them are expecting something in
return, whether it be redemption, social interaction or direct
magical benefit.

Mistreated Minority (1-or-more-pt. Flaw)

In many cultures, some group of people falls outside of what
is considered normal and acceptable by the majority. Prejudice
and racial hatred are powerful forces that continue todivide and
harm mankind throughout the world. You may be homosexual
orofadifferentcolorofskin oreven just speak a different dialect.
Whatever the difference, it must be something that causes you
penalties in social interaction due to no real fault of your own.
The degree of penalty, and thus the number of Flaw points
gained, depends upon just how harmful and prevalent the
prejudicial behavior of the majority is.

Storyteller's Note: Even discussing this sort of Flaw may
cause unexpected arguments within your group. If you do not
feel that your group is mature enough to explore themes of
hatred motivated by race orsexual orientation, then leave them
alone. If you do decide to explore it, you will probably learn a lot
about yourself and others that you never knew, but make sure
everyone goes home happy and still friends. If things get tense,
take a break, get some coffee, remind each other that youare all
friends and that the reason you are together is because these
prejudices are NOT something you feel, just something you
know exists. Unfortunately, these sorts of uncomfortable ideas
are often exactly what motivate real-life villains.

TTENTAL ITERITS AND FLAWS

Strength of Psyche (2-pt. Merit)

Your character has trained her mind to tap into the deep
reserves of mystical energy she possesses. Flooded with increased
power of thought or perception, her mental faculties are tempo-

= j—
eel > Jam ew'. + /

y eg Ea —

rarily increased greatly, and she finds whatever task she under-
takes much easier to accomplish. Your sorcerer may channel her
mystical energy into mental activities other than magic. You
may spend Mana points to reduce the difficulty target number
of any die pool for a mental action. The difficulty may not be
reduced below 2, nor be reduced by more than three points.
Depending upon the use in question, her psyche empowers her
perceptive nature, grants her insight into the strange tongue or
plunges toward a solution to her puzzle.

Detached (4-pt. Merit)

Yourpsychichas the rare ability to view his psychicabilities
as separate from his physical existence and can maintain this
distance even underadverse conditions. Wound penaltiesdon't
affect your use of psychic powers until your character reaches
Incapacitated. If he's Incapacitated, then you may spend a
Willpower point to use a psychic power at half the normal dice
pool (rounded down). This action may be performed only once
perscene, after which the character falls unconscious, so choose
last-ditch efforts carefully.

Black and White (1-pt. Flaw)

The world is really a collection of shades of gray, but your
character doesn'tsee it that way. To you, everything is clearas black
and white. You think in terms of people being either for or against
you, hot or cold, good or evil, easy or impossible, stupid or genius.
This closed mindset can cost you dearly in missed opportunities,
misunderstandings and under- or overestimation of others. In social
situations where your judgmental nature comes to bear, which are
more often than you might think, you suffer a one-point penalty to
difficulties of rolls. This Flaw is particularly suited to pair with things
like Code of Honor and other overly focusing Merits.

Pacifist (5-pt. Flaw)

Truthfully speaking, this sort of behavior should probably not
beconsidereda Flaw, butas many in society view peace as weakness,
it can be a disadvantage. Due to strong religious or moral convic-
tions, you will not harm another being. You may defend yourself
with warding magic or deflective effects, and may even engage in
peaceful demonstrations and resistance. However, you may not
cause damage to anyone. It is important to note that this is a
psychological restriction, not a supernatural one. Certainly, it is
possible for you to hurt someone accidentally, but you would never
do iton purpose. Players taking this Flaw should be prepared to play
its difficult restrictions. In most Storytelling games there is likely to
be some level of physical conflict that makes playing it seem
impossible. Nevertheless, great men from Martin Luther King to
Gandhi have practiced pacifism.

SUPERNATURAL ITIERITS AND FLAWS

Psychic Ritual (2-pt. Merit)

Your psychic is true rarity amongst the pure practitioners
of the Artsofmental magic. Some realization of the importance
of the universe has crept into his consciousness sufficiently that
he has even managed to create a ritual that allows him to
perform some extended psychic effect. You need to create a
ritual, approved ofby your Storyteller, forone of the levelsofone
of your character's psychic Paths. When your character perform

nhs

t ,
er nite
wey !

ne

thisritual, youmay use the normal rules forritualsand extended
magic rules, with minor necessary changes. Obviously, as your
psychic doesnotgain Paradox, the penalty fora botch falls to the
Storyteller, greatly increasing the horrific effects of the cata-
strophic failure. Your roll is limited to no more dice than your
psychic's Stamina + Parapsychology. (In this case, you may roll
simply your Stamina dice, even if you don't have the Parapsy-
chology Knowledge.)

Style Sleeper (2-pt. Merit)

Magic only works one way, and your character knows it.
When other people try to pull stupid tricks, your sorcerer sees
them for what they are, or at least tries. Anytime you witness
magic that fits into yourcharacter'sstyle, everythings fine; your
sorcerer is treated as an Awakened being. Any time she wit-
nesses any magic that falls outside of her style, she counts as a
Sleeper. Because this specifically targets your character's en-
emies while allowing you to merrily continue with your magic
as normal, this disbelief in other magic is considered a Merit.
There may be times it harms your character, such as when
another mage is trying to heal herand she just thinks he cannot
do so. More often, however, her incredulity serves as a partial
defense against the Arts of others.

Twin Link (4- or 6-pt Merit)

Akin to the Mage Merit Twin Souls, the psychic shares a
constant psychic bond with another person. This gives them the
benefit of the Level Two Synergy effect. Additionally, the
psychics joined by a Twin Link get +2 to their Empathy score
but only with regards to what their twin is feeling. As a 6-pt.
Merit, the members of the Twin Link can purchase the power
Synergy, in addition to other psychic powers they may have, at
acost of 7 freebie points per dot and 3 experience points per dot
to raise. This Synergy power works only on the other member
of the Twin Link.

Wild Talent (4-pt. Merit to 4-pt. Flaw)

Though many psychics lack formal training of their gifts,
some lack even the most basic control of their powers. These
"wild" psychics tend to have powerful gifts, though the lack of
control makes up for the extra power they might have. To
determine the level of the Flaw, use the following table. The
total Merit or Flaw cannot exceed 4 points.

+1 For every extra die the character has when using
the power.

-l The character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty
7) to use the power.

2 The character can only consciously use the power

defensively. (ie., A precognitive character can
activate her Danger Sense, or a telekinetic can use
the power to deflect attacks.)

3 The character has no conscious control of the
power, but it works more often to the character's
benefit that not. (A clairvoyant who has useful
clairvoyant dreams.)

4 The character's power activates randomly (at least
once per game session) and often at inopportune or

ee

CHER YEL SAUCE MPL Ms HG hTd ycbag REN %
sly { o' to dz

Ney

1 ae Hori Vel: ur Toys.


embarrassing moments. (The channeler contacts the
spirit of an ancient warrior during a fancy dinner party.)

Blood Magic (5-pt. Merit)

Pethaps you leamed magic from a particularly dark cult.
Maybe your spiritneeds additional energy, beyond yourstrength
of will, to enact magic. Perhaps you foolishly studied under a
vampire or from tomes plundered from vampires. Whatever the
reason, your sorcerer's use of magic always requires the sacrifice
of his own blood. In some cases, it will simply burn away from
inside. In others, the magician must cut himself and include it
in the ritual. Each use of magic causes an unsoakable level of
bashing damage. Furthermore, the Resonance of your magic is
likely to be dark, or at the very least, martyred in nature.

Path Natural (5-pt. Merit)

Your sorcerer is especially talented in the exploration of a
single Path of power. He may have a natural inclination toward
expressing its nature due to incredible related mundane skills,
spiritual might deriving from past lives or a supernatural heri-
tage. He may even have struck holy or unholy bargains for
power. During character creation, you should choose one
magical Path. In this Path, you pay only three-quarters experi-
ence to advance to higher levels or to obtain rituals for the Path
chosen.

Struggling Awake (5-pt. Merit)

For most mages, the act of Awakening is a sudden explo-
sion of realization, regardless of how long the study has taken to
get her there. For some, however, the trip to understanding
affinitive magic is a bout of glimmering sputters, and this
traipsing back and forth across the veil may even happen to
sorcerers. A subtle understanding of the broad theories that
bind together vast forces of the universe can briefly seem crystal
clear and quickly dissolve into a vague sense of loss. In the face
of the empty feeling of a deeper understanding, the linear mage
once again takes up the reins of power that have been so
thoroughly ingrained in her nature, until the glimmer recurs.

Whenever the player tries to call upon his Avatar's strug-
gling magic instead of just practicing his normal Paths and
rituals, he must first declare what he is trying to do. The
Storyteller then rolls a single die. A result of one is a botch —
yes, the Awakening is dangerous — with the most likely result
being some episode of Quiet as the sorcerer strives to come to
terms with his consciousness. Otherwise, calculate the effect's
rating in Arete and Spheres. [f the single die roll equals or
exceeds this total, then the player rolls normally to cast the
effect, using the minimum dice possible — that is, trying to
affect minor forces (Forces 2) would require at least a four on the
initial single die (two for the Forces, two for the Arete) and
would allow the player to roll two dice for an effect. If the single
die roll falls short, then the magician probably gets some minor
effect in the desired direction but fails to do anything spectacu-
lar. Allotherrulesapply asnormal toa mage, including suffering
the forces of Paradox. Fortunately, specialization also applies:
Allrolls of 10 garnera free additional roll, anda roll of 10on the

initial single die grants one automatic success to the magical
effect itself.

Asone example, Conrad wants tosummon an angel to the
aid of his Red Monk sorcerer, but does not have the necessary
Paths or rituals. His pedagogue of an Avatar pushes him to try
anyway. Jess rolls a die and gets a 10, lucky for Conrad. Merely
calling a spirit is a Level Two Spirit effect and therefore
Conrad's character gets to roll an Arete of two (the minimum
required) for the effect. The ten on the Struggling Awake Merit
roll does grant him one automatic success, however. Rolling
with an Arete of two Conrad provesexceptionally lucky scoring
asuccess anda 10, allowing him to roll again, which grants him
another success for a total of four. Jess rules that a lesser angel
hears and decides to make an appearance. Unfortunately for
Conrad, this is definitely vulgar, and there is a sleeper present
(surprise), so his Red Monk garners three Paradox points. "The
Lord is meant to move in secret," he laments to himself. If the
die rolled a mere two, Conrad's sorcerer would have had but one
Arete and one level of Spirit available, and he would be
potentially granted a vision of the local spirit realms and any
angels that might be there. In desperate trouble, he mightsoon
find himself joining them.

Totem (5-pt. Merit)

A powerful spirit has taken a special interest in you. This
is probably part of your shamanic path, but itis possible that the
spirits have simply chosen you for some higher purpose. Maybe
you are somehow related to one of the Changing Breeds. The
spirit acts as a mentor, and all of the normal rules for mentors
apply, allowing the sorcerer to learn Abilities or Paths related to
the nature of the spirit more easily. You should come to an
agreement with your Storyteller as to a type of spirit that might
adopt your sorcerer for what he can offer the natural world.
Essentially, the spirit acts like any other mentor except that the
wisdom it has to offer are mystical and cosmological beyond the
ken of most masters. Unfortunately, its knowledge of the real
world, outside of whatever its realm of dominion might be, is
extremely limited, and it probably believes firmly in the concept
of chiminage. (Chiminage is the idea that service between the
material and the spiritual is the expected way that things work.)
This attitude might be present in a mortal mentor, but it is sure
to exist in a Totem.

A more comprehensive version of this Merit (and of
shamanic principles in general) can be found in The Spirit
Ways.

Psychic Feedback(1-, 2- or 6-pt Flaw)

While the psychic is gifted with potent powers, the use of
the talent tires him. Some psychics even experience minor
cerebral hemorrhages from the strain of using the power. Asa 1
point Flaw, the character experiences headaches or dizziness
from each use of the power. Roll Stamina + Meditation (diffi-
culty 7) or experience a round of pain or disorientation. All
actions while in this state are at +2 to the difficulty number. As
a2 point Flaw, the psychic experiences minor long-term pain

7 iy Ca
it Padi

a re F


_ —a Aq SS —— -

from use of the power. You should roll Intelligence (difficulty 6)
to "soak" the power's activation successes, which are scored as
bashing damage. As a 6 point Flaw, the psychic takes this as

Either way, he requires some form of crutch for his psychic
powers to work. For 3 points, the character must gesture or speak
some catch phrase or incantation for the power to work. For 4

lethal damage, though a "mental soak" is still allowed. points, the power requires a physical focus to work (crystals, a |
Unsettling Effect (1- or 3- pt. Flaw) hypnotist's pocket watch, a harmonica). For 5 points, the power
Though many psychic powers are completely intangible only works with a specific focus, akin toa mage's unique focus. 1,
and unnoticeable, something about your character's psychic (See pages 202-203 of Mage Revised). Is
phenomena causes others to recognize that there's something Path Inept (5-pt. Flaw) a
weird going on. For one point, you have a single intangible Forsome reason, your sorcerer is considerably limited in his Va
power (like Telepathy or Psychometry) that generates an _ abilitytoadvance in the study ofacertain branch of yourchosen
unsettling effect —perhaps yoursubjectscan feel yourcharacter magic. This may be the result of a curse, poor training or even >

paging through their minds oreveryone around the psychic feels
a welter of harmless but eerie emotions when she touches a
psychically-charged object. For three points, all of your intan-
gible powers (including ones that you learn later) havesomesort
of unsettling effect like this. This is in addition to any Resonance
that your character may have.

Big Mouth (2-pt. Flaw)

You talk too much, and it gets you in to trouble. You tend
to blurt out painful truths at inopportune times. At least once
per high-tension social scene, you must speak your mind. You
can avoid the pain and embarrassment this costs by spending 1
Willpower point. This Flaw is particularly dangerous for infor-

emotional scars from childhood. Whatever the reason, you
must choosea single Path from that available to your character's
Society. In this Path, you must spend one quarter more experi-
ence points for any gain of Path level or rituals. Be sure to choose
a Path that your character plans to study — your Storyteller has
ways to get back at you if you try to avoid your Flaw.

Ritual Sleeper (5-pt. Flaw)

There is no such thing as the quick fix. Real magic takes
time and effort. You cannot just wave your hand and expect the
forces of the universe to leap at your beck and call — at least,
that's what your character thinks. Youdo not have access to any
instant magical effects whatsoever. All of your sorcerer's magic

mation-based psychics, who tend to blurt out other people's _ is therefore limited to rituals. Even normally "instant" effects \\ aN
secrets as readily as their own. require some ritual; your sorcerer must devise rituals toperform (=
Psi Focus (3- or 5-pt. Flaw) the equivalents of the fast effects that other sorcerers perform. i"
Perhaps your psychic needs his lucky crystals to properly Ifthe rules for your character's magical society already consider 1
heal the sick. Possibly, his cyberkinetic powers require him to this, Lire Storyteller may disallow this option for Flaws. Ironi-
mime the action he wishes the machine to perform. Maybe his cally, this means that any time your character witnesses any hye Tl
telekinesis only works on a hubcap he found one aftemoon. _istantaneous magical effect, she is treated as a Sleeper. my i
t.
\ 1)

CHAPTER THREE: CHARACTER CREATION

+n vet ae oe rae foley
"1 Pe a EYE ee EL Shag PEN Stee yy Manat ly

(ae Play fi Bes


me

7

Ng Re en Se SSR SES EG SEE A SR SEE US SE BN EE EA Se Bs eo BF
meen SESS ES ETM ER SS Ee TAROT Se GO TOY ne Gh tm EES OO TR
SS) SEA SE AR cals WO SY SER Ba

TEA KO at Be does Ra wee wD
Ren eh Gro en Ga wOe Te ee DION RE Ce AO AEE Oe
St peer ee ee ee
ee TOE Gee eT Ce KEN BA AE MGS SP Hg Sewer SE
BBB et Te Hs ee SAAB D ee GEN oe 2B aE
Ns, SH wie BS Ge! RRL RE A Ge HA aed

SO Ge HE RN ETE AD
set SN oe

1 To Vege mle oe
+ GABE SEe wee we H Hi es %

Se mee to awe ton £ LE BR AM ted me
ersten ere

SS ee ee ee


FT

==] The arcane arts follow specific rules and forms
that those with the necessary talent and dedica-
tion may exploit. The sorcerer learns the laws
that govern powers beyond nature, whether
through extensions of science or progressions
into the supernatural. For each route to power
there is a Path. Be it a mythic thread hidden in
legend — the home remedies passed down in a
family or the 100-year-old formula of a secret
society — or a highly-specialized branch of sci-
ence, each Path exerts influence overa power beyond the reach
of normal, unaided humans.

A sotcerer's study of Paths opens the door to various forms of
magical practice. Each Path offers command over one aspect of
nature or supernature. Though each Path has limits — one's
understanding of the arcane principles of fire does not necessarily
translate into a mastery of transportation — the diligent student
carefully takes step after step until, hopefully, complete dominion
over a given area of study is achieved. Other magicians study many
Paths in dilettante-like fashion, gathering a smattering of arcane
knowledge overseveral mystical or super-scientific principles — just
enough to perform curious and impressive feats but far from the
power wielded by a master sorcerer.

While each Path breaks down the components to com-
mand and control a specific discipline of study, the Paths

Ay eager
, tal
eo) Hedy

CL AA

4

= B lwA
= 4
Ny
Me eR TT Es SI
sq
hee |

themselves give only the most general instruction. A sorcerer's ti
knowledge of Paths opens the door to true study but only gi - g
provides the tools. True, a sorcerer can perform many tasks with Fy

a few steps along a Path, but there is a difference between
controlling something's nature and understanding its nature. Asa
sorcerer gathers experience, he broadens his knowledge of the
Path with rituals. By means of rituals, the sorcerer applies the
Path's principles to greater effects. Perhaps the scientist under-
takes a long laboratory process designed to distill out the pure
form of an element, or a magician reinforces his Path skills with
lengthy chants and paeans. In either case, the ritual represents
a strength born of comprehension, the means to turn simpler —_},
Paths to more complex and spectacular ends. q

THESTRUCTURE@FPATHS

The Paths of magic and science are not dependent on the
tools the sorcerer uses or the studies that the sorcerer under-
takes. Be it a technosorcerer using a teleportation apparatus or f
a student of arcane magics transported by a spirit of wind, both Fy

use the Path of Conveyance, although they have very different; |. (|

means of implementation. Wey i
Pathsare broken down into two different parts: spells (also + ' 4" ry 7

referred to as effects) and rituals. Spells can be cast quickly and P

can be modified and customized easily to allow for changing 7}
environments and situations. Rituals are much longer, more

ew

aNd

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS

4 ef

Cy MARTA Vay Ob
Y ae


formalized and often more powerful castings that can work
permanent changes. Spells and rituals are divided up into six
levels; only the first five are available during character genera-
tion (and, in all fairness, Storytellers should restrict newly
generated sorcerers to no more than the third level of experi-
ence in any given Path).

ASPECTS

Some spells have aspects (or effect components), parts of
the spell that the sorcerer must specify prior to casting. When
a spell is cast, the player determines how much he wants to
emphasize each aspect, by according dots from the Path rating
into the various aspects. In essence, a sorcerer must divide up
successes among various aspects of the spell, just like a mage —
affecting multiple people requires several successes, extending
the duration requires extra successes and so on. The default
success for a Path assumes casting the spell on one target for the Path's
usual specified duration. Anything beyond this requires extra
successes placed in the aspects, to gain additional targets, longer
duration, wider area, stronger effect and so on. Each Path lists
several aspect possibilities. These aspects show the typical limits
of the Path at that level of casting — if your sorcerer has three
dots in a Path, then the typical spell hits the third aspect level
at best. If you wish, you can casta spell witha lower aspect; since
you use the highest aspect to determine difficulty, this means
that a sorcerer with a high level in a Path can cast lower-level
effects more easily. Each aspect that you invoke beyond the first
level costs one success — so many Paths require two or three
successes to affect anyone other than the caster for more than
a moment. Conversely, if you score enough successes, your
Storyteller may allow you to pick a higher level aspect: If you
manage to double your required successes, you can push one
aspect a level above your normal limit! Thus, on a really good
roll, your sorcerer might cast a spell with a much stronger effect
or longer duration than normal.

ROLLS

Almost all spells and rituals require an Attribute + Ability
roll. Often, this is Intelligence + Occult (Intelligence + Science
or Intelligence + Technology for those practicing extraordinary
science or technosorcery), but some Paths have different re-
quirements (see each Path for details).

DIFFICULTY

Effects have a base difficulty of (4 + level of the path used,
or the highest desired aspect ifan aspected effect). Some effects
will have modifiers to this base level of difficulty; these modifiers
are detailed in the text for each Path.

TIME

Effects normally take one turn per level of the effect (or the
highest aspect of the effect) to cast, unless noted otherwise. Rituals
takeaminimumof 10minutesand normally takemuch longer; most
rituals have a description indicating their time component.

EXTENDED R@LLS

Ifa spell needs more successes than the sorcerer thinks he
can get ina single period of casting, he can try for an extended

PUG peHiav nd tech ivr
vt 5 ye ?

IGNORING ASPECTS

The new system of aspects for spells and rituals adds
flexibility and detail to Sorcery, but at the cost of some
simplicity. If Storytellers prefer, they can easily ignore the
aspects and merely set all aspect ratings to equal the dots of
knowledge the sorcerer has in the Path or that he is using.
So, forinstance, ifasorcerer has three dots in Healing, then
any healing he does will cure one level of bashing damage,
relieve fairly major pains, cure any disease of Toxin Rating
2orlowerand cause lethal damage to heal 25 percent faster
than normal, with a difficulty of 7. When choosing to
ignore aspects, the Storyteller will have to adjudicate how
many successes are necessary for an effect to work; gener-
ally, however, a single success will allow for a relatively
simple effect to come off, while 3 successes will ensure that
most spells will work without difficulty.

Note that the psychic phenomena in Chapter Five do
not use aspects; they're assumed to be simpler in effect,
generally because they're easier to perform. You can easily
convert psychic phenomena to use aspects if you want
though this can make them more powerful — at the cost
‘of additional successes the player could specify a mi
larger area or effect than normal.

roll, justas with mostskill checks. Each additional roll adds time
equal to the amount already spent in casting. For example, if
Father Michael had determined that there was little chance of
him actually making the blessing work, he could try for an
extended roll. Since the highest aspect is 3 dots, the first die roll
of the casting will ake 3 turns. The second die roll will also take
3 turns, the third die roll will take 6 turns to complete, the fourth
12, etc. As with all extended task checks, a failure on a die roll
simply means no successes are gathered, but a botch instantly
kills the spell, and any chance of success.

FAILURE

Ifa sorcerer fails to generate enough successes, the spell fizzles.
Most such failures merely result in the energy being wasted; with
only minor inconveniences or side effects (indeed, for most simple
effects, failure has no further results).

B@TCHES

As sorcerers don't tug and pull at the Tellurian with the
same dynamic force that Awakened mages exert, they don't
suffer the burning backlash of Paradox. On the other hand, a
sorcerer does still do magic, and channeling such forces is not
without inherent risk. When a sorcerer botches, those risks
come home.

Typically, a botch results in some sort of chaotic misfire or
horrid backlash from a spell. The exact effects depend upon the
Path in question and the use in particular. Most Path descrip-
tionsinclude ideas for various botch possibilities. The Storyteller
should tailor the results of the botch to the Path's power level,
the desires of the sorcerer and the style of magic used. For
instance, a machine designed to harness metaphysical energy is
far more likely to explode than a flying carpet.


seti= = RS

TheParadoxnules (p. 1940fMage Revised) givesomeideasfor
magical botches. Ofcourse, sorcerers don't usually have matters end
as badly. In general, a sorcerous botch doesn't automatically inflict
damage and almost never results ina manifestation ofaspirit, realm
or Quiet. Usually, the botch simply means that the spell fires off an
effect completely out of the sorcerer's control and against his desire.
There are exceptions, though! Sometimes spirits do show up to
selves shunted to strange realms or struck insane. It's all part of the

RITUALS

Many Paths have rituals associated with them (and some
Paths can only be used as rituals, such as Enchantment and
Alchemy). Rituals are collections of precise mystical formulas
that take time and effort, and usually some small expense, to
bring about but have effects that are greater than a quick spell.
Rituals normally take longer to work than a spell or effect, but
their power can be much greater — often greater than that
which a student of the Path would normally be able to summon
at their current level of experience.

Most rituals require a basic level of knowledge about an
associated Path; those that do not can be learned by anyone, even
those who have not studied the Path (an example of this is
Counterspells, which are really just a set of rituals and spells that are
common knowledge to all Paths). This knowledge requirement is
indicated by the dot rating of the ritual; ifa ritual hasa rating in dots,
you must have at least that many dots in the Path to leam it. All
rituals cost 3 points to learn; finding someone to teach one to your
character, or the grimoires necessary, is always another matter...
many of these rituals are known only as rumor ot legend. In some
exceptional cases, even the totally uninitiated can use rituals, casting
them by rote out ofa grimoire. .. or they can try! Botches in these
cases are usually incredibly bad.

CREATING RITUALS

Sorcerers can create new rituals, under certain special
circumstances. They might happen upon a new alchemical
formula, for example, or they may perform a given extended
casting of a spell so many times that they formalize the process.
Storytellers may also wish to create their own rituals for inclu-
sion in their games. The guidelineshere are just that, guidelines;
as always, let your own judgments Storyteller and the needs of
your chronicle be your guides.

That said, typically, a ritual allows a spell to have a greater
duration, power or area of effect than a normal spell will allow,
at the cost of a much greater casting time (most rituals take at
least 10 minutes to cast, and many take hours or even days).
Some rituals will give the sorcerer access to more ability than he
would normally have (usually equal to an additional dot in the
Path; so a Level Three ritual might let the wizard cast an effect
that would normally need Level Four in the Path). In the case
of Paths with aspects, a ritual might allow the sorcerer to cast an
effect created with twice the normal amount of aspected suc-

Weyer' On tr ene

APG REY

t

TN Reg eA Sy

>

7 / mm!

or

cess, or might give access to powers that are related to the Path,
but not a normal aspect of the Path.

The creator must have knowledge in the Path at least one
dot higher than that needed to learn the ritual (especially if the
ritual allows the sorcerer using it to exceed his normal knowl-
edge). He mustalso spend some months in research, workingon
perfecting the new ritual (during which time he will cast the
ritual many, many times and likely become thoroughly sick of
it before he is done). Once all this is accomplished, roll
Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 9). You must achieve at least 3
successes for the sorcerer to successfully create a ritual that will
actually be useful and comprehensible to others; otherwise, it's
back to the drawing board. At the Storyteller's discretion, an
astounding success (6+ successes) may result in a ritual that is
exceptional in some way; it may be easier to learn (lowered Path
knowledge), have additional (beneficial) effects or take less
power or time to cast. A botch might mean that the work is
simply wasted, that the final test ritual backfires (injuring the
creator) or that the ritual works, but has some unexpected (and
undesirable) side effect.

PATHS AND STYLES

Though not technically a "game mechanic," a sorcerer's
style is as important as any other aspect of practicing a Path.
Each sorcerer learned to do magic in a specific, linear fashion,
and that form always colors the sorcerer's technique, even if the
character later learns new methods. The members of the An-
cient Order of Aeon Rites, for instance, base much of their work
on Pythagorean numerology and Enochian rituals; practicing
Paths through such means seems very different from a wise
woman's use of herbs and songs or an extraordinary scientist's
high-tech tools and labs.

The primary division is whether the character is a mythic
sorcerer or an extraordinary scientist. The former relies upon
magical techniques and builds Paths through supernatural
correspondences, tables, rituals, prayers, chants orsimilarmeth-
ods. The latter uses extremely advanced scientific theories,
specialized tools, delicate procedures and specially-prepared
research environments. To the uneducated observer, the' ad-
vanced research lab is just as arcane as the magician's library,
and the maddeningly complex 12 circles of ritual summoning
are just as indecipherable as a scientist's tensor calculations
relating to space-time motion. Both use "magic," but one
proceeds from the mystical while the other proceeds from the
rational. The two rarely work together, given the dichotomy
between Traditions and Technocrats. (Technically, psychics
could be considered a third style, but their phenomena have
special rules detailed in Chapter Five and are typically not
included in the usual groups of sorcery.)

Once the base type of style is established, look into the
sorcerer's style in a more personal fashion. Does the mystic rely
upon runes, charms, special words of power or elaborate dances?
Does the scientist study pharmacology, high-energy physics or
bionics? See Chapter Two for several societies that give ex-
amples of styles.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 61

7 Belen ;
syn' Gath
si "FS Tay ae

$7,

-
oi YEA
ce te


iy

Bay NITES B00 9

Asa

UGA

{]

a,

We >) Gea Bik

aq

ADVANCED cee

FAST CASTING

Inacrisis, a sorcerer can choose to trade difficulty for speed —
by cutting comersand leaving outcontrols, the sorcererisable to get
aspell done more quickly, although the spell is much more difficult
tocontrol. Forevery tum youshave off the casting time forthe effect,
adda +1 to the difficulty (maximum 9; additional modifiers create
a threshold, as in Mage Revised p. 62). Spells cast this way always
require a Willpower point, above and beyond their normal costs.

HANGING SPELLS

Sorcerers have long realized that while their spells and
rituals can produce some impressive results, they are not nor-
mally fast working. Some sorcerers dealt with this problem by
studying the martial arts as well as the mystical ones. Others
hired guards to protect them or attempted to make themselves
so indispensable to their community that none would want to
visit violence upon them. Some, instead, learned new ways of
casting spells and rituals so that the sorcerer could carry them,
nearly but not quite activated, until they were needed. These
spells are commonly referred to as being "hung" orstored by the
sorcerers who practice this art.

To hang a spell for later casting, the sorcerer casts the
spell as per normal but pays one Willpower immediately and
adds one to the difficulty. The player then marks down the
name of the spell and the number of successes scored. The
sorcerer may then release the spell at any time (so long as the
sorcerer would normally be able to cast a spell — an uncon-
scious magician can't release a held spell). Releasing a spell
takes one turn; at that time, the player must pay the normal
casting cost for the spell or ritual and allocate successes on
the spell's aspects, if any.

A hung spell is a constant distraction to the sorcerer; it
requires a small level of semi-constant attention, even when
sleeping, that is a persistent drain on the sorcerer's focus.
The sorcerer adds +1 to all mental and social tasks while she
is carrying a hung spell. This penalty increases by an addi-
tional +1 for every additional two spells the sorcerer is
carrying (+2 at three spells, +3 at five spells, etc.).

Note that Awakened mages tend to "hang" spells by
using a Time effect in conjunction with the regular effect,
and a mage's "hung" spell usually only counts against addi-
tional magic, not against other tasks. Depending upon how
flexible you want to make sorcerers, you could allow a
sorcerer to hang spells with only a concentration penalty to
additional magic, or you might have an entire Path devoted
to hanging spells (in which case the sorcerer would need a
Path rating for Spell Hanging equal to the Path rating of the
spell stored).

TRADING SKILL FOR POWER

Experienced sorcerers can reduce or even eliminate the
high price most Paths charge in Willpower. A sorcerer with
two more dots in a Path than the minimum required for a
desired effect may choose to cast the spell at the higher
difficulty and reduce the cost in Willpower by one.

62 : S@RCERER

TTESSING WITH THE VARIABLES

By default, sorcery is a mysterious, meticulous art
that takes time to build up, time to work and, in
return, has fairly reliable set effects. Some Storytell-
ers, however, want a faster-moving system for sorcery
or one that is easier to work and more potent. Con-
versely, other Storytellers wantto make sorcery harder
to work, especially in any kind of hurry and much less
reliable. Here are some suggestions for each. Usually,
adjusting only one of these variables will have the
effect you want; modifying all of them will make fora
very different magic system.

Reducing the difficulty roll to 3 + level of effect

ings sorcery ona par with a vampire's blood magic and
makes sorcerers a little more competitive with other
supernatural creatures. Increasing it to 5 + level of effect
makes it much more difficult to pull off large effects of

any kind.
Time
Reducing the time costto 1 tum per2 levels of effect
takes small effects very easy to use and large ones

feasible even in combat. Doubling or tripling the time
cost makes effects strictly non-combat (since most fights
will be long over by the time the casting is done). If this
option is taken, you may want to eliminate thgpancept
of Fast Casting altogether.

WILLPOWER

Many effects cost Willpower to use; reducing or
eliminating these costs make sorcerers able to carry on
their activities fora much longer period of time (possibly
too long). Increasing the Willpower costs makes spell
casting a much more unusual activity, something to be
done only when all other chances have been used up.

RESTRICTING KNOWLEDGE

Some of the higher levels of Path knowledge can.
wreak some pretty impressive effects. Even with Story-
teller prerogative and the need to work behind the
scenes for the most part, there may be levels of a Path (or
entire Paths) that the Storyteller simply doesn't want
her players to have access to. This is fine; not every Path
is appropriate for every game, and some games will stress
some Paths above others. Storytellers should therefore
feel free to restrict, or even disallow, any and all Paths
SS Sapam os extra experience

Example: Danielle is a master Shapeshifter, with four dots in
the Path. She decides she would rather be a redhead, and works
a spell to change her hair color and adjust her skin and eye color
slightly to match. Normally, this would cost | Willpower, require

her OE


He

LMAZES

Sy

y

* © in the Path (to effect multiple small changes at once) and have
a difficulty of 6. She decides that she'd rather not deal with the
cost, casts the spell at her highest difficulty (8) and forgoes the cost
in Willpower.

WILLPOWER AND QUINTESSENCE

Spending a point of Willpower (in addition to whatever
costs the spell normally incurs) gives the sorcerer one automatic
success, in addition to those rolled on the dice. Raw Quintes-
sence is typically useless toa sorcerer; she literally doesnotknow
it is present and cannot interact with it in any meaningful
fashion. A particularly potent bit of Tass might be of use to the
adept sorcerer if she uses it in some appropriate fashion: ingest-
ing a bit of faerie food, burning the remnants of an archmage's
staff in a ritual fire, etc. Normally, this will reduce the difficulty
of a sorcerer's task by 1 or 2. Most sorcerers stick with a
specialized form of Tass or Quintessence according to their
version of magic — a sorcerer used to chi energy will store and
concentrate only that sort of power (see also the Mana Back-
ground, p. 53).

Ce mBINING PATHS AND SPELLS

Spells from disparate Paths cannot be combined for
additional effects: Each spell is a separate entity, and the
knowledge of one Path does not easily mesh with that of
other Paths. A series of spells could be linked together (using
Conjuration to summon a weapon, then the Hellblade ritual
to set iton fire immediately), but both spells must be enacted
separately. Alternately, a sorcerer might be able to fashion a
ritual that relies upon the knowledge of multiple Paths or
hang one spell in order to cause it to affect a later spell, but
these complexities are in the Storyteller's hands. Most
sorcerers should be restricted to the limits of each individual
Path. By definition, such Paths are linear magics, not the
affinitive, flexible power of the Awakened Spheres.

TEAITIN/@RR

Sometimes, you can only get by with a little help from
your friends. In order for two or more sorcerers to cooperate
on a spell, they must both have the same Path (a master
Conjuror is of little help to the Healer trying to cure a cancer
patient). One sorcerer (usually the most skilled) is chosen as
the prime caster, makes all rolls for the spell and determines
how any aspects are set. Note that, generally, sorcerers can
only cooperate if they have roughly compatible practices. A
magician from the Ancient Order of Aeon Rites, used to
using precise Pythagorean formulae, may not have any
reference point to combine her spells with a psychic's powers
or a techno-shaman's spirit machinery.

Each assistant rolls her magic check as well, to see if she
succeeds in helping the lead spellcaster. Two sorcerers can
operate together without a problem (aside from the clash of
personalities, magical styles, foci, agendas...); each addi-
tional sorcerer adds one turn to the casting time for the spell.
Each successful assistant reduces the difficulty of the leader's
magic roll by one, to a minimum difficulty of 3.

We Sy Ty ibe

(‘3 ~~
a
a aE

Failure can carry a heavy price. If none of the assistants
succeed at their magic checks, there is no additional problem,
but ifany assistant botches, add 2 to the prime caster's difficulty
(anything above 9 adds thresholds, as usual). If the leader of the
spell botches, any complications gathered fall not only on the
leader, but on the whole team. This can be very unpleasant
when performing major rituals or Summonings....

C@®UNTERSPELLS AND UNW/EA VING

Anysorcerer who does more than dabble in the Arts will
learn at least some basic countermagic, if only so that they
can try and undo the messes they inevitably create while
learning. There are as many different forms of countermagic
as there are spells; in plain terms, however, they are divided
into two basic types: Counterspells and Unweaving.

Counterspells are cast at an incoming spell or effect and
serve to blunt or dispel it before it can take effect. Roll Wits +
Occult (difficulty 8); each success you score cancels one of the
opponent's successes. If the opponent ends up without enough
successes for the spell to go off, then it fails (but she still loses
whatever costs she paid, be it blood, Quintessence, Willpower
or whatever). You can spend Willpower to aid a Counterspell,
butyoumustscoreat least one natural success forthe Counterspell
to work at all.

Unweaving is the art of disassembling another spell caster's
effect. The sorcerer must have knowledge of the Path that was used
to create the effect in the first place (if trying to unweave an effect
notbased onsorcery, suchas Thaumaturgy, Sphere magicorthe like,
use the Path most applicable). If your character has at least one dot
in the Path (ora related one) being used, roll Intelligence + Occult
(difficulty 8), using the Extended Rolls rules (see above). You must
score at least as many successes as the original caster scored to
unweave the spell; otherwise, it maybe weakened, butitwillremain.
Long standing Enchantments and those based on Thaumaturgy or
Sphere magic can take more effort to unweave: In the case of very
ancient, very powerful Enchantments, sometimes as many as 15 or
even 20 successes might be needed (time for some teamwork).

Spells cast by sorcerers (or others) that are more knowl-
edgeable than the unweaver are significantly more difficult to
undo. For every two levels of difference between the unweaver's
level in a Path and the original caster's level, an additional
success is needed. Thus, if you have no knowledge of the Path
of Hellfire and your opponent has four dots with 6 successes on
an effect, you would need 3 successes in order to cancel the first
success and 8 to completely wipe out the spell.

Counterspellsand Unweavingworkagainstsorceryand Sphere
magic (and, if the Storyteller wishes, against the mystic powers of
vampiric magic, faerie glamour and the like). There are also
specialized versions of Counterspells and Unweaving designed to
work against spirit powers (such as spirit Charms, ghostly manifes-
tations and similar otherworldly occurrences). These must be
bought separately. Each group of countermagic costs 3 freebie or
experience points, so buying a full set of countermagics costs 12
points. Forasorcerer more interested in stayingalive than in dealing
damage, it's an investment well worth the cost.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS

‘ an fl ,

FAS SMR ASSS ac Oak

ae : dee
a

Tit

ZINN)

Wea

Jn

mo

pa
$F '
hist
ie ‘
ae
»~)
hesit }
iy

BX GaSe) Sy!

ST@RYTELLER'S PRER@GATIVE

Sorcery is an imprecise and mysterious Art that tries to blend
into the shadows whenever it can. With the powers of knowledge,
will and desperation behind them, sorcerers can perform mighty
feats, but they cannot move mountains, raise the long dead or blast
elder vampires into dust. If a sorcerer attempts some magic that
obviously flaunts reality (blasting police officers into flinders with
Hellfirein the middle ofaprisonormaking the Statue of Liberty walk
down Broadway) without some seriously good explanations, the
Storytelleris perfectly within his prerogative tosimply say"Thatfails
utterly," no matter how many successes the sorcerer generates or
how much Willpower the player spends. Some things are simply
impossible for a sorcerer.

While mages have the risk of Paradox when
impossible feats in public, a sorcerer tends to risk outright failure. If

wimy.

7 ae PS  — - —

<a

sorcerer attempts an obviously impossible featin public and rolls a failure,
the result is treated as a botch. (This does not apply if the Storyteller
tulesa failure with noroll.) So, although asorcerer may not be carted
off by a Paradox spirit, he will still suffer the consequences of his
hubris, and his magic will still tum the universe against him. Just as
thesorcerer'spower ismore limited insome waysthanan Awakened
mage's, o too are the consequences for failure usually less severe.
Usually. In short, a sorcerer doesn't have the power to fling around
disaster-free magical effectsin publicany more thana mage does, but
at least he's less likely to explode.

Storytellers Note: This should not be thought of as a loophole
with which to dick your players at every turn — or even just because
whattheyaretryingtodowill messwith what youwanttohave happen.
Icis merely intended to reflect the limitations a sorcerer works under,
while discouraging those who try to abuse the systems presented.

THEITIANY PATHS

ALCHEMY

Alchemy is the science, art and study of the
transformation of the base and profane into the
pure and the sacred. Ac its heart are the disci-
plines of the Hermetic student, the holy words of
the Kabbalah and the Koran, mystic secrets from
Asia and China and an inherent assumption in
i the perfectibility of all things — often tied up
with a healthy dose of Christian beliefs and
heresies. Although thought by many to be Western magic and
to date from the Renaissance, its ties and history trace them-
selves throughout Asia Minor and Europe, and even to China,
where it is known as Tan, is closely tied with the Wu Keng and
dates back at least 2,000 years.

The alchemist believes that all things in nature can be
transformed, or purified, into a higher essence. At it's most
basic, Alchemy is the pursuit of the Philosopher's Stone
(which, depending on the alchemist you listen to, is either
a tincture [usually red], a glowing stone of beauty, a powder,
a solvent, a waxy substance or some other form), which can
transform lead into gold (from the basest metal to the
highest), grant immortality, raise the dead and perform a
host of other miraculous deeds (exactly which deeds are,
again, rather hard to pin down).

An alchemist could spend a lifetime trying to separate
truth from the legends, lies and myths that are wrapped up in
alchemical lore and still not get very far (especially because in
a practice that wanders the line between art and science, one
person's lie is another's solid truth). So most alchemists don't
try, instead spending their lives experimenting and analyzing
what has worked for them, painstakingly measuring the results
of each test for any new insight or path forward on the way to
their Philosopher's Stone or spend years apprenticed to an-
other, more knowledgeable alchemist, learning his craft by rote.
A few recognize the underpinning truth of alchemy: The
process of purification leads inevitably to the purification of
humanity, the pursuit of spiritual perfection.

Spee
sy 1 £7 Fh ay

abl 4

ALCHEMY, HERBALISITI OR
ADVANCED CHEMISTRY ?

So which is it? Well, all three, actually. Depending
onthe sorcererand what belief structure she has, she may
study any of them or some strange mixture of allthree!
"Alchemy as a Path simply represents any number of
material transformative skills that result in elixirs useful
as potions, salves or unguents.

Herbalism and Brewing is the art of using the natural
properties of various plant and animal parts (ranging from
St. John's Wort and dried bear gonads to even more exotic
ingredients) to enhance the natural processes of the human
body. In so doing, the herbalist can also induce effects that
may seem magical to others but are (in the herbalist's eyes)
merely examples of what the human body can do when
properly motivated and reinforced with the power of nature.

Advanced Chemistry is a science, and its practitioners
don't even think of it as being magic at all (although some
of its effects, they admit, may seem magical if you don't
understand the science behind them). Advanced Chemistry
is similar to the more mundane chemistry studied in high
school labs around the world but is more impressive in it's
application thanks to the advanced understandings that are
its foundations. Some Advanced Chemistry relies on chemi-
cal formulae and processes as yet undiscovered by more
mundane scientists or on new and unique implementations
of already existing knowledge, while other advances require
the use of basic nanotechnology and DNA/RNA
Tesequencing.

SYSTEM
Roll:

Intelligence + Alchemy (Alchemical Procedures)
Intelligence + Herbalism (Herbalism Procedures)
Intelligence + Science (Advanced Chemistry
Procedures)


we | fy eth eats

One Willpower per operation
-1 difficulty if ritual is known
Default is one day per level of effect. For each dot of
knowledge the alchemist has that exceeds the level
of the effect, reduce this by one day (Soanalchemist
with four dots of Alchemy can do a Level Two
operation in a few hours). Rarely less than an hour.
Duration: Varies, but normally one scene

Each dot in this Path represents an overall knowledge of
the chosen specialization (Advanced Chemistry, Alchemy
or Herbalism); more dots indicate that the sorcerer can make
more advanced or difficult compounds with greater effects.
The rituals are examples and can be undertaken by anyone
with the appropriate knowledge (most rituals have a coun-
terpart in the other branches of study; an alchemist's Dust of
Revealing the Unseen is a technosorcerer's Radioactive
Tracking Powder or Etheric Interference Detection Gas).

An alchemist may spend one experience point (or one
freebie point during character creation) to master a particu-
lar ritual. This gives the caster -I difficulty on all rolls for that
ritual, and lets him use it as if he had one more level of
Alchemy when determining the brewing/casting time.

EFFECTS

Note that Alchemy does not have "aspects" as such.
The caster need only score basic success to make a given
elixir as listed below. However, the elixir may lose its
potency or work with only partial strength if the player does
not score three or more successes.

© The alchemist can create compounds and substances
that are simply more advanced and potent versions of chemi-
cals that already exist. These compounds don'tappear magical
in any way. Painkillers, soporifics, poisons and glues are
common examples.

© © More advanced versions of what is available already
with one dot. Some of these substances might allow the
imbiber to exceed his normal physical limits or to gain access
to more mystical senses, in dreams or hallucinations. You
can raise one attribute by one dot (up to the normal maxi-
mum of five dots) for up to a scene.

© Youcan make substances that enhance their target to
superhuman levels or create materials that exceed normal
limitations (supernaturally strong alloys, etc). Some of these
substances can temporarily invest their imbiber with some low-
level psychic ability (see Chapter Five) for a limited period of
time (no more than one hour or so).

© You can create substances that will enhance At-
tributes by up to two dots for a scene (one dot if affecting
multiple Attributes), even beyond normal human maxi-
mums, or minor items with some potent effect.

eeeee With this level of knowledge, you can duplicate the
powers of supernatural creatures, including Gifts, Disciplines and
other abilities of up to the third level. You can also duplicate the
innate powers of those creatures (the powers of the fae, wraiths and
the imbued, cannot be duplicated). These potions will normally
require some sample from the being in question (Vitae, powdered

Modifiers:
Time:

yar

ree me ee
veh Sa Wee YT robe y

ee ¥

la amend BS

ere

dragon fang, hair from a werewolf, etc.) or extended close up and
pe rr Py naire ae gered
studentsof Advanced Chemistryand maystillrequire tissuesamples).
Such concoctions often have nasty side effects as well (the more
powerful the Gift or Discipline, the more pronounced the side
effects).

© The pinnacle of alchemical tradition; trans-
mutation of materials from one form to another, immortality
regimens, the Philosopher's Stone. In theory an alchemist of
this level might even be able to concoct a potion that causes
Awakening, transformation into a vampire, mummification
or true immortality.

SAITIPLE ALCHEITTY RITUALS

© A powder that, when mixed with alcohol, induces
slumber almost immediately. The target must roll Stamina
(difficulty 8) or spend a point of Willpower to stay conscious;
he must remake this attempt (at a -1 to Difficulty each time)
every round until he succumbs or the drug no longer has a
chance of success. Unconsciousness lasts for (10 - Stamina)
hours, during which they cannot be roused. Vampires are
almost immune to this drug (+2 to Stamina, add Fortitude,
and effects, if they succumb, last 10 - (Stamina + Fortitude)
minutes), but werewolves in their "normal" form (Homid or
Lupus) are susceptible (+2 to the roll).

© A pill that removes all side effects from a minor cold
or flu for 24 hours when taken and reduces the recovery time
for the illness to one half.

© A form of prophecy-bearing super-LSD. When in-
gested, the user will be able to see things that were not
previously obvious to him or will be granted a vision of the
future. These messages will always be cloaked in symbolism
and analogy, but will be correct... to the limits of the user's
understanding.

© A potion that doubles the user's running speed for one
scene. After using this potion, the user must make a Stamina
check (difficulty 6) or be totally out of breath and shaky (-2 on
all physical die rolls) for the next hour.

eee A metal alloy that is lighter and stronger than
titanium (but easier to work), retains an edge almost forever
and stays more resilient than the finest blade. Armor pro-
duced with this alloy gets an extra dot of bashing and lethal
soak, and melee weapons made of it do one more die of
damage and are -1 difficulty to hit with (due to their light
weight and fine balance).
¢ A fine metallic dust that reveals hidden, disguised
orinvisible things for what they truly are or disrupts illusions.

eee A chemical compound that raises the user's
Physical Attributes for (Stamina +3) hours. During this
time, the user will be very hungry, due to the excess strain
being placed on her metabolism. This chemical may raise
user Attributes to 6 dots or higher.

eee A regimen of drugs and potions that extends the
user's life (though not indefinitely). While on the regimen,
the user ages at the rate of one month for every year. If the
regimen is halted, these years come back upon the user at the

CHAPTER FOUR: Joke ee ~—
a Lane


seo

rate of one month per day, until the regimen is started back
up or the user dies of old age.

eeeee A compound that werewolves find anathema.
When spread on the skin, no werewolf (or other Changing
Breed) can approach within striking range of the user; they can
throw things or use ranged weapons but will not willingly get
within 10 feet of the wearer. Of course, the substance smells so
bad that most humans won't want to either...

eeeee A potion that gives the user the Stamina,
Strength and speed of a vampire for a single scene. The user
has one extra action per turn, one automatic Strength
success and one extra soak die versus all attacks for the scene
following ingestion. The user will also have an unnaturally
high temper and a thirst for blood.

CesT @F FAILURE

Beyond the inevitable ruined glassware and loss of
ingredients, a simple failure also normally means a nasty,
smelly and hard to clean up mess in the lab. Botches can be
much more severe; the substance may look okay but really
have very different effects (and a simple toxin is the best that
can be hoped for, in many cases), the substance may catch
fire and explode, or something totally different from what
was expected or anticipated may happen, which is almost
always a bad thing.

C@NIURATION

The master conjuror can move items (though not him-
self) through space; scientists call this ability apportation or
telekinesis (depending on whether or not the item passes
through the intervening space between where it is and where
the conjuror wishes it to be), while those knowledgeable in
Sphere magics claim that this is a limited application of the
Sphere of Correspondence.

Manysorcerers who choose to practice their Arts openly,
or somewhat openly, master Conjuration, if only to earn a
living from their studies. With it, all manner of parlor tricks
and stage magics can be emulated — of course, when a
conjuror claims that there's nothing up her sleeves, there
really isn't!

For the best effect, an object must be prepared ahead of
time, in a ritual designed to bond the item to the caster,
making it easy for her to latch onto and command later on.
This doesn't mean that the Conjuror has to do this; theoreti-
cally, a conjuror can take control of anything that she can
see, although in practice this is very difficult to do and much
more draining.

The more experienced the conjuror is, the more she is
able to move and the farther and more precisely she can
move it; an experienced conjuror can thread needles, sum-
mona rabbit into a hat from miles away or move an elephant
across a room. The skilled conjuror can also manipulate
multiple objects.

It is very difficult to use conjuration offensively (even
beyond the length of time it normally takes to effect a change).

ae
wis as
i

0 eae bebe eh, Ce OT ve
: TF ee

Awwilling subject, properly prepared (which usually involves at
least a low level of mesmerism) can be the subject of a conjura-
tion, butthe least resistance renders the effectalmostimpossible.
With enough luck (and Willpower), a sorcerer might be able to
conjure weapon out of the hands ofan opponent, but attempts

at this are dreadfully prone to failure.
SYSTEM
Roll: Dexterity + Occult

Modifiers: +1 for working against an object in the hands
of someone who is resisting

-1 foran object that is well known to the caster
(Storyteller's discretion).

+2 to work against a resisting, living, target
None for prepared object, one Willpower for
object that has not been prepared
Instantaneous. For lasting effects (a set of pup-
pets dancing without strings, a whirling dervish
of knives, etc.) pay one Willpowerforevery turn
you want it to last.

ASPECTS

Weight
° Less than an ounce. A coin, business card,

penknife, etc.

oe A few pounds, a hardcover book. At this level, very
small or simple lifeforms (insects, snails, etc.) can be
manipulated as well.
A largish object (computer monitor, telephone)
weighing up to 100 pounds. Living beings can be
moved as well, although the conjurer cannot
manipulate humans.
Somethingas large asan armoire, weighing 1,000
pounds or so can be moved. Humans can be
manipulated, so long as they are willing, uncon-
scious or hypnotized.
Atthis level, the conjuror can move acaroran
elephant around. An unwilling human subject
could also be moved, although this is very
difficult.
The height of Conjuration allows you to move
thingsaslargeasacity busora loaded 18-wheeler.
Feats of this magnitude must be carefully ar-
ranged and prepared for ahead of time, and the
cost of failure is exceptionally high.

Cost:

Duration:

Distance

° No more than a couple of feet

oe Objects can be moved 20 feet or so.

eee The conjurorcan summon an object from over
100 feet away.

eece The object being manipulated can be sum
moned forth from (or sent away to)a_ lo -
cation up to a half mile away.

eocce Summoned objects can be made to appear
from five miles away.

IQ revel teh
Polis Sake ae ears |

imcte
bina a5 a


SE Romenemeest) = = ay Es =] [S

eeeeee = The conjuror can bring forth items from al-
most anywhere within the city limits and even
farther; maximum range is about 50 miles.

Accuracy
. Almost none; the objects quiver in ways you want.
oe Rough motor control, about equal to be i n g

shoved around with an elbow or fist. Things
pretty much go where you want them to but
without much finesse.

eee Some fine control; equivalent to an object in
hands but slow and unwieldy. Clumsy attacks
(+1 difficulty) can be made with this level of
accuracy.

cece Fine motor control. Equivalent to a nor mal
pair of hands, able to perform fine tasks (open-
ing locks, slowly threading a needle, etc.).

eevee Extreme control. The item(s) will do

whatever you ask, quickly and efficiently.

Objects do things you don't ask them tob ut

in keeping with what you want done.

Number
sn One item
oe Two items
Three items
eos A small group (under 10) of near-identi c a |

items, or three items that aren't closely r e -
lated to each other.
eeece 10-20 items of similar nature, or a lesser
number of non-similar items.
Up to 100 similar items, or 25 or so unre
lated objects.

RITUALS

Sword Summoning (¢¢¢)

Although more often used to draw forth loaded shot-
guns than longswords in these modern times, many Templars
are taught this ritual so that, in extremis, they are never
without a weapon. This ritual is almost always hung — the
Templar ritually prepares the weapon before entering some
situation where he thinks it may be necessary, and keeps it
always in his mind as he works. When he needs the weapon,
he finishes the ritual and draws the weapon forth from some
convenient shadow or out from underneath a trenchcoat.
The difficulty is 7 (6 if the weapon or tool is well known to
the user), and the device must normally be within a mile or
so of the user and no larger than a shotgun or long sword. No
summoning light machine guns with this ritual! If attempted
in plain sight of unbelievers, this ritual will almost always fail
(difficulty 9).

Shitstorm (¢¢**)

This ritual allows the sorcerer to take a large number of
small objects and spin them about himself in a deadly
whirlwind of flying debris. The difficulty of this ritual is 7 (8
if cast under duress). Each success gained increases the
number of items in the cloud; the base whirlwind is two yards

67

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS

: ra P 74 a
Vy Nig td et El

THEY SANE Wee

od at


v= SH
i

>

fas)

. j=
in diameter (usually centered on the caster), plus one yard
for each success gained. Anyone caught in the whirlwind
takes (successes) dice in bashing damage; in some cases this
might be lethal damage (if the caster is in a room filled with
glass breakables or cutlery or other small sharp objects...).

PRICE @F FAILURE

A simple failure means the object fails to move at all,
disappears never to be seen again or drops to the ground at
an embarrassing or dangerous moment (like the keys falling
tight behind the lecturing guard...). Botches can summon
the wrong object (or person...), put it in the wrong place or
destroy it in some particularly messy fashion. Botches with
living targets are general very bad; stories tell of magicians
assistants that disappear never to be seen again or, worse,
show up in the disappearing booth days later, hideously
mutilated. And few want to consider the fates of those
magicians who have failed some tremendous feat of Conju-
ration, only to disappear themselves...

CONVEYANCE

Seven league boots, flying carpets, witches brooms,
demonic chariots pulled by skeletal fire-breathing steeds,
teleportation gateways; myth and legend are full of stories of
those who could bypass the hazards and annoyances of long
journeys, spanning the lengths of countries in hours or
seconds. At least some of these stories can be laid at the feet
of sorcerers practicing the Path of Conveyance, avoiding the
hassles of the road by flying over it, riding it at speeds no
other could manage or bypassing it altogether.

"Conventional" Conveyance requires some sort of steed;
this may be a broom, four-poster bed, bicycle, Oriental rug,
giant cauldron or a fiery coach-and-four. More technologi-
cally oriented sorcerers use jet packs or impossibly fast
Lamborghinis and Prowlers (the deluxe version has stealth
capabilities, to avoid police radar, but this is superfluous in
general; few troopers will believe that they saw a Ferrari
doing over 500 kph down a busy thruway... especially when
it looks like the car isn't actually touching the ground).

With enough understanding of this Path, the sorcerer
need not bother with a vehicle at all, merely willing herself
to be where she wants to be without actually crossing the
intervening distance. Technosorcerers may refer to this as
teleportation, using some kind of booth, apparatus or even
phone lines, while a more classical sorcerer may summon up
a friendly spirit to do the work for him.

Conveyance can be used on other people, although only
teleportation effects can be used offensively and only with
very great difficulty.

SYSTEM
Roll: Stamina + Occult

if +2 for working against a resisting object/target, -
1 fora location that is well known to the caster
(Storyteller's discretion).+1-2 if traveling some-
where while being observed.
One Willpower

yates —— -

The length of time it takes to pass from point
Ato point B

ASPECTS

Traveling to a place you have never been to adds one
success to the total. Teleporting requires two additional
successes. (Teleportation is not necessarily instantaneous;
you must still assign a rating to Speed.) Crossing through
barriers in your way requires one success per barrier (and it
must be something that you could actually find a way around;
a hermetically sealed chamber is safe from your powers).

Duration:

10 feet or less (across a room)
100 feet (across a warehouse)
about a mile
up to five miles
approximately 10 miles (across the city)
100 miles
These ranges are guidelines and assume a relatively
inhabited environment; passing through deserted prairies or
arctic wildernesses is much easier, and ranges might be
doubled or even trebled in such terrains.
Speed
About three times what you could manage on
foot
You get there about as fast as you would if
you had driven, red lights and all
As above, but you ignore speed limits and
red lights and traffic; about 45 seconds per
mile of distance traveled.
You can cover miles in seconds.
Instantaneously
You can, when you have to, get there
before you left... or that's the way it seems.

Yourself, and if you're lucky, your clothes come
with you...

Yourself, some clothes and up to 20 pounds of
stuff

Yourself and one other person or a couple
hundred pounds

Two passengers

Three passengers

Up to five people can come with you

RITUALS

Teleport Ward (¢*)

Even a novice student of the Path of Conveyance can
create wards against unwanted intrusion by others using this
Path. To ward a room or building against teleporting intrud-
ers, the sorcerer must first mark the limits of the ward he is
going to place. (technosorcerers, for example, will set up
electromagnetic interference waveguides, subspace harmonic
oscillators and other equipment, while a sorcerer trained in


ODS ans

tal

the Hermetic Arts would scribe sigils of protection on the
walls, doors, windows, floor and ceiling of each room he
wanted to protect). Once this is done, the sorcerer rolls
Stamina + Occult against a difficulty of 7. Each success
rolled is an additional success needed by someone trying to
teleport into the warded area without knowing how to
bypass the ward. This protection degrades by one success per
month; it can be maintained, however, with the expenditure
of a point of Willpower and a single success on a Stamina +
Occult roll (difficulty 6).

Get Me The Heck Outta here! (¢*¢)

Often cast as a hanging ritual by those more interested
in avoiding fights than finishing them, this ritual carries the
user back to a home location (this can be any location the
caster knows well but must be specified when the ritual is
performed) instantaneously, as long as the locale is within
range (no more than 50 miles). This ritual costs one Will-
power, and the user must achieve at least 4 successes on a
Stamina + Occult (difficulty 8) roll; additional successes
scored can aid in the necessary range (20 miles per additional
success). If the home location is out of reach, a Wits + Occult
roll (difficulty 6) will allow the caster to retarget the ritual to
another, closer point.

Teleportal (e**¢¢)

Master sorcerers can build permanent gateways be-
tween locations. These gateways through space allow anyone

who knows the opening phrase or command to travel swiftly
from one end of the passage to the other. This ritual takes
days of preparation, some of which must be spent at both sites
(making this unsuitable for stealthy infiltration of a loca-
tion... most of the time). Once these preparations are done,
the sorcerer makes an extended Stamina + Occult roll
against a difficulty of 8; each success adds either 10 miles to
the range (the total distance between the two gateways of
the portal must be gathered before the ritual can be com-
pleted), five uses to the portal or some kind of specification
to the gateway (at either or both ends; forexample, a gateway
could be designated as one-way, could be restricted to women
only, only the sorcerer who created the gate or only those
who have a special code word or amulet). Assistants can
(and should) be used for this ritual. A Teleportal costs one
permanent point of Willpower to create.

PRICE @F FAILURE

The Path of Conveyance is fraught with peril. Beyond
any risks of being noticed and the problems inherent to a
particular mode of travel (flying brooms are uncomfortable,
especially at high speeds, flying carpets are fragile, flying
ointments are a hassle to apply and usually smell funny,
Teleportals often bring with them nausea and dizziness),
those who travel in this fashion can draw the attention of...
beings in the realms they travel through. Any journey of more

ello

dle

i !

Mery Hi MP vag PP ht
oie ) re ae up CENGTS Soh) Ie
LT a Re ee ee ce

cf kirt
"gel

\
P\


Re & aren

%

mm veh

7

oe Mee

a, eS

than a mile or so will bring with it the risk of an accident or
misstep. Storytellers should feel to ask for a check midway
through the journey to make sure that it is without incident
(typically, a single additional success will be sufficient to
avert any kind of disaster).

Normal failures simply mean that the spell does not go off
atall;a botch, however, can range from calamitous to disastrous,
depending on the method of travel and the distances involved;
flying brooms may end up plummeting out of the sky, while
teleportation botches give the Storyteller a perfect opportunity
torecreate their favorite Star Trek transporter mishap or perhaps
some choice scenes from The Fly. About the best the sorcerer
can hope for is to be stranded in the middle of nowhere with no
idea what has happened.

DIVINATION (N@ RITUALS)

Lucky numbers for the lottery, whether happiness will
be found in marriage, the outcome of a crucial battle — for
as long as their has been a concept of "tomorrow," people
have wanted to know what would happen in the future.
Rulers, merchants, generals and wizards have all said they
wanted to know their fate, although they have just as often
rejected that fate when apprised of it; Cassandra's fate is one
that no seer worthy of the title easily forgets. Despite the
perils involved, this Path is a well-traveled one.

SysTém
Roll:

Modifiers:

Cost:
Duration:

Perception + Fortune Telling

+1 if using extraordinary science style (but the
answers will be more precise)

None

Irrelevant

Note: The Storyteller makes all rolls for divinations. A
sorcerer rarely knows how accurate her forecasts are.

ASPECTS

Time Period

One week

One month

One year

10 years

20 years forward, up to 100 years backward

eeeeee Almost unlimited, in either direction
Accuracy

° Incredibly vague at best

oe Generally accurate, but deeply cloaked in
symbolism

ooo Accurate, but not always explicit

eoee While still cloaked in symbolism, the truth is in
there, and digging it out shouldn't be too hard

eocce Your results are almost always accurate and
usually easy to understand

eeeeee ~~ You know what will happen, when it will

happen and who it will happen to, without
question... unless you're wrong, of course

‘

y mes b=

Differentsorcerers use different paths of knowledge and
tools tosee the future. Mostsettle on one set of tools that suit
them best, while small few will select the tools that are most
suitable fora given situation or a given client. Few use more
than a handful of techniques, however.

Ingame terms, the tools the sorcerer uses are irrelevant.
In the story, they are vital; you probably won't find a
technosorcerer using the entrails ofa goat to tell the future or
a neo-pagan using powerful probability analysis software.
The tools you use can be a great jumping off point for stories;
just possessing, for instance,anadvanced laptop forstatistical
analysis could get you in trouble in some parts of the world,
for example, and fishing about in the guts of a goat you just
slaughtered would be a great way to get yourself i
peep neers een ees (enc oee

Predicting the future
through the interaction of
_ the stars and the planets
Prediction by observing the
actions and flight of birds
Drawing the future from
randompage-tuminginbooks
Usinga deck of cards to
predict the future (e.g.
‘ the tarot)
Using carved stones or sticks
to study the patterns they
make (runes, joss sticks)
Searching for water, miner
als, etc. using a forked stick
or wire.
Reading the future in the
entrails of a sacrifice
Interpreting the symbolism
of dreams,
Reading the future in the
lines and structure of the
palm of another.
Using chaos math, statisti
cal analysis and probability
to determine what may hap
pen in the future.
Looking for the future in
pools of water, crystal balls,
mirrors, etc.

Other tools include reading tea leaves, numerology, e
amining the shoulder blade (scapulimancy) anda host of others
—some would say that there are as many means of divination
as there are diviners, although that might be a bit pedantic.

Haruspication


CLA

pete

ST@RYTELLER NOTES:
TTIANAGING DIVINATION

Ofall the Paths presented in this book, Divination
can be the hardest to keep track of and cope with because
no other Path has the ability to so totally derail what you
have planned or what has been building up. Italso brings
up annoying questions about predestination, whether
your players can flaunt fate and other tricky problems.

One way to deal with this is to simply disallow the
Path of Divination to player characters. This is perfectly
within your rights as a Storyteller (see Messing with the
Variables). It allows you to keep a firm grip on the
divinations, handing them out when you want to, not
when your players can'tdecide which bus to take, so they
throw the joss sticks!

' _ If youdo decide to allow players' characters to have

‘Divination, it should be kept in mind that Divination
works in symbolism and signs, not direct answers. (Even
extraordinary scientists get only vague predictions and
probabilities, rather than exact percentages and accu-
tate images of the future — and their predictions are
more prone to being upset by small changes and modi-
fications than your average augury is). This means that,
unless the sorcerer rolls exceedingly well (or you really
want to drop aclue in their lap), you can, and should, be
incredibly vague in youranswers. "You'lldieatthe hands
of a blind man" isa lot easier to fulfill (and alot harder
for your players to avoid) than, "You'll be run over by a
bus driven by a really near-sighted bus driver whollost a
contact lens at 8:30 in the evening on a Tuesday."

One thing to do, when working with a character
who has Divination, is to keep the question "And what

appens if he casts a Divination about <x>?" in your
head. Even if you don't actually write anything down,
asking the question gives you an idea of what the
responses might be. Knowing this can also allow you to
work divinations into your chronicle ahead of time...

Once a prediction has been handed down, you will
have to decide ifitis absolute or ifthe players will be able
toavoid itor twistitin some fashion. In general, youmay
want to allow them to slip out from the noose of doom;
predestination makes for great stories but can be hard on
both the players and their characters. If you do decide it
is an absolute, then the prediction should come to
pass... in some fashion. Just because the players think a
prediction is centered on their characters doesn't meant
it has to be; a prediction of death doesn't necessarily
mean that one of the player characters is going to die, for
example. Ifitisn'tabsolute, the characters will be able to
Hae it... if they figure out the prediction in time and

Question
. A very simple question (can be answered with
Yes or No... but don't expect to get that simple
an answer!).

! mans

PUP My,

1 hy

aera,
i,

Y ~

ee A specific question that can be answered
quickly: "Is this bridge safe?" is okay. "How are
the bad guys are going to attack us?" is not.
A query that is somewhat detailed but could
be answered using publicly available knowl-
edge, if you knew where and how to look and
had the time.

A detailed question that requires information
or details that have been hidden by time,
distance or deliberate obfuscation but can still
be unearthed with effort.

A very detailed question or one that would
need access to information that has been lost
to time, is very distant or has been actively
guarded and hidden.

No question is too complex, no informa tion
too obscure.

PRICE @F FAILURE

Prophecies are fraught with mischance. A failed roll
could mean something as simple as "Future cloudy, try again
later" or a false reading. A botched roll indicates an omen
that is dangerously flawed or inaccurate in some fashion. For
example, telling someone that the guards are unwary and
slothful when, in fact they are an elite force of highly trained
professionals.

Gaeta

RITUAL ®NLY)

Enchantment is the art of creating (minor) magical
Talismans. An enchanter imbueseach of her creations with
a small part of her essence and spends much of her time
locked up in a workshop crafting each new piece, tracking
down esoteric and mundane ingredients, putting out fires,
researching new procedures and figuring out why the copper
wire in the iron mixture didn't help the blade's temper. For
those with the time and patience, though, Enchantment
provides the ability to forge useful magical tools — most
especially, devices that store magical energy for later use or
empowered to function on their own, usable by anyone.

Creating a Talisman first takes talent; an enchanter
must usually handcraft the object to be enchanted, whether
it is a blade, a ring, a pair of shoes or a book. (This is not
always the case, especially with items that have a close
personal attachment to the enchanter.) Many enchanters
choose one field of study and specialize in it, creating pieces
of art for sale when they aren't working on pieces to be
enchanted (after all, a sorcerer has to earn a living some-
how). Others develop enough skill to create serviceable
tools that can be enchanted in a number of different Crafts,
relying on their magical abilities to suffice where their
craftsmanship does not. Every ritual, therefore, starts with a
Crafts roll to determine the quality of the item being en-
chanted; an exceptional result on this test may make the
actual Enchantment easier. Depending on what is being
made, this may take anywhere from a day or so, to months of
catehal casting

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 71
4 lv ddhh

(ENON Oe.


Stn oor aye

Berean. ere ent

tS ARE noe at we Sr P tO TO

AA AN ee nSamern tu.

fo

Deeieanhn < @ahane ew,

wenn' ety

Nm a ae
Cert

The next part of the process is the Enchantment itself.
This normally takes one to three days per level of the item,
depending on the Tradition of the enchanter and the par-
ticulars of the Enchantment (the more complex the
Enchantment, in terms of who can use it, how many times it
can be used, and when it can be used, the longer the initial
work). At the end of this period, make an Intelligence +
Occult roll (difficulty 4 + level of the Enchantment), spend
a point of Willpower and the Enchantment is completed.

Enchantments are never a matter of numbers and cre-
ation systems; they should flow from the story and roleplaying,
not die rolls. While we've given some examples, a smart
enchantress can come up with many more.

SYSTEIN

Roll: Intelligence + Occult (Intelligence + Science

for Technosorcerers)

Cost: 1 Willpower

Modifiers: -1 Difficulty for Enchantments that have been
mastered

Time: 1-3 days per level of the Enchantment, plus the
time to craft the item

Duration: See following

1 -€f The, ‘

tec!
"4

gid te
ior edad

© Minor items that have a very limited utility and very
limited effects that will never be seen as magical by any who
don't know what to look for. They might add one (or, less
frequently, two) dots to an Attribute or Ability, grant a
bonus to an attack or skill (never more than a +1) or some
other boon.

— An army surplus jacket that adds two dots to Arcane
whenever the character is in a crowd.

— A custom made handgun that subtracts 1 from the
difficulty of all aimed shots made with the weapon (or,
alternatively, subtracts 1 from the difficulty of all wild shots
made with it).

— A small stuffed animal that brings restful sleep, no
matter the recipient's state of mind or state of intoxication;
anyone sleeping in the same bed as the toy will sleep like a baby.

— A small medallion with a chrysoprase in the middle
of it, carved in the shape of a hawk's eye, carried on a fine
silver chain. Once a day, when rubbed, it will give the wearer
the vision of a hawk for the space of one scene. (This adds 2
dice to Perception, for purposes of seeing things at long
distance or noticing movement).

* A more powerful version ofa Talisman that could be
previously made (adding +2 to an Ability or Attribute or +2
to some task), or a Talisman capable of changing reality in
some subtle but more noticeable or magical fashion.

ea
tia

!


Perhaps more than any other Path (saving only
Advanced Chemistry), Enchantment (which
technosorcerers know by a whole host of other names:
material sciences, advanced ballistics, applied high-en-
ergy physics, etc.) is the forte of the technosorcerer.
Working as it does with physical objects and definable
effects, Enchantmentisa Path thatmany technosorcerers
will have at least a basic understanding of. Technology
based Enchantments work slightly differently; many
simple, enchanted items can be used by anyone who
knows how to use a normal version of the deyice (an
unnaturally accurate handgun doesn't normally care who
wields it). Given time, almost anyone can be trained in
the use of even the most advanced technology based
Talisman (called a Device).

Powerful Devices are almost as likely to fail in the
public view as the most powerful of Talismans based on
mystical principalsare, for reasons thatare still unknown.
Technosorcery is something that works best when
works in the shadows, just as it's counterpart is.

—A liquor flask that, when carried in a breast pocket,
will unerringly attract the first bullet that would hit the
carrier to itself. This provides three dice of lethal soak.
After', the flask is useless. (Apparently this Enchantment
was very popular with Allied sorcerers during World War II).

— A handful of bullets (1 per success rolled on the
Enchantment) that do an additional 2 dice of damage to
whatever they hit.

—A silver ankle bracelet, with many hanging baubles,
that gives the wearer an additional two levels in Dancing
whenever it is worn, if it is plainly visible.

¢e These items perform functions that are obviously
magical to those looking for such things and that will be
considered very weird by those who aren't.

— A pair of running shoes that doubles the running
speed of the wearer. This ability only works when the wearer
is trying to evade pursuit.

—An amulet inscribed with arcane symbols, on a leather
thong. When grasped, it will act as a personal ward against
sorcery, up to three times a day (number of dice subtracted
equals the successes rolled on the Enchantment). This amulet
must be kept ina jewelry box carved out of a single crystal when
not worn or the Enchantment will fade (one success per night)
until it becomes a simple piece of jewelry.

— A sword with a core of liquid mercury that does
aggravated damage against the Risen and lethal damage to
wraiths (if they can be seen; it provides no inherent ability
tosee the Restless Dead). A priest must bless the sword every
fortnight, or the magic fails.

eee Talismans of this power can defy reality toa large
degree, as long as they work within certain restrictions. They
can increase Attributes and Abilities past normal human

i RY

ek

r —

maximums, duplicate low-level supernatural abilities (no
more than the second dot of Disciplines, Gifts, etc.) and
otherwise work wonders.

—The fabled Heartseeker —a stiletto that aims unert-
ingly for the heart when drawn and used in rage. This inflicts
Strength + 5 dice of lethal damage, and the dagger may be
thrown. It must be bathed in the blood of those it has killed
after each combat or lose its potency.

— A solid silver torc that, when worn, grants the wearer
superhuman Strength. The wearer's Strength rises to 5 when
the torc is worn. In addition, a number of times per day equal
to the successes rolled on the Enchantment, the wearer may
boost his Strength past normal, gaining 3 automatic suc-
cesses on all task rolls involving Strength (these successes
are added directly to damage rolled, etc.). The torc must be
kept in view of the moon whenever it is not worn, if the
moon is visible.

—The skull of a long-dead wizard, which can be used to
contact him for assistance. The sorcerer using this Talisman
must donate a pint of blood and can ask the wizard as many
questions as successes rolled on the Enchantment. These do
not have to be yes/no questions, and follow up questions on
the same immediate topic are allowed without using up a
question (the Storyteller is the final arbiter of what is or isn't
a question). This Talisman can only be used during the new
moon, and the sorcerer must make a Willpower test (diffi-
culty equal to the number of times the Talisman has been
used + 4) or the skull crumbles to pieces after the final
question is asked.

— A byrnie of silvered mail that converts up to 4 dice
of lethal damage taken in a turn of combat into bashing
damage. Each time this ability is used, a few more links fall
out of the coat, until, eventually, it falls apart, unusable. The
mail can never be cleaned or repaired, or it automatically
loses its abilities.

ALCHEMTY VS, ENCHANTITIENT
On the surface, Alchemy and Enchantment would
appear to be almost the same Art, and in fact, many who study'
one Arthaveat leastsome knowledge in the other Pathaswell.
At a fundamental level, however, they are very different.
‘Ichemical elixirs can be used by anyone but have a definite
life span; usually, this is measured in months or even years, but
eventually most alchemical substances (other than mystical
alloys or some other materials made through Alchemy) will
decay into uselessness. Talismans created with'the Path of
Enchantmentretain their power fordecades, oreven centuries
in some cases, and, even once the power has left them, still
‘retain some level of inherent mystic "otherness" that those
knowledgeable in the Arts will be able to detect. With some
research, almost all Talismans can be traced back to their
creators. Where a long-dead alchemist is known only by d
body of research he leaves behind (if any), an encha
legacy is wrapped up in every Talisman he ever created.

Sie a


=? ei
~~

TALISIMANS VS, TALISITIANS

The difference between a Talisman created by a
sorcerer using the Path of Enchantmentand one created
bya mage using Sphere magic isn't always as clear as one
‘might think. Both will detect as magical to those capable
of sensing such things, and both may well have similar or
even identical effects. To a lay person, there really is no
difference; even some mages and experienced sorcerers
| may be unable to tell the difference.

There are, however, a couple of differences. Sorcery
based Talismans are almostalwayssingle-function items;
they do one thingand one thing only. Wonders based on
Sphere magic are more likely to be multi-purpose (al-
though many are not).

eee Items made with this level of skill are almost
mythic; their powers are sometimes subtle, sometimes bla-
tant and always unpredictable. When they work, they can
perform minor miracles.

— A money pouch that will always have five dollars in
quarters (or 6 Canadian loonies or three pounds sterling or
whatever — always in small, but not annoying, sums) in it, as
long as at least one quarter is left in the pouch. It can only be
drawn from four times a day, or it will lose its power forever.

— An amulet that, when worm, renders the user almost
immune toanykind of physical harm (granting the userfive dice
of lethal soak that is also usable against aggravated damage).
Every time this ability is used, it subtracts five years from the
user's life. The user evinces no outward change, but when he
finally expires, he will appear to be an old man internally.

— An amulet that wards the user against all magical
detection. The amulet adds 4 successes to the number
required to find the user with any kind of magical ability
(Auspex, Divination, Sphere magic, etc.). The sorcerer will
be presented with a different riddle, puzzle or other enigma
she must solve before the amulet will activate. Once acti-
vated, the amulet will be effective for a number of weeks
equal to the number of successes rolled on the Enchantment.

— An animated servant. This might be the classical
golem from Jewish mythology, a homunculus or some kind of
robot. A servant like this is created like a character, but has
only 10 points to spend on Attributes and 7 to spend on
Abilities. It has human senses, Health levels equal to a
normal human (but does not suffer wound penalties) and
does not need to eat or sleep, though technologically based
servants will usually need recharging.

@ eee Talismans of this potency are more rumor and
myth than they are quantifiable fact. If items of this power
still exist or anyone can still make them, they would be
capable of feats that would be impressive even to the most
powerful sorcerer.

RITUALS
Although this entire Path is composed of various rituals, there
are some that are more standardized than others. These include:

Olriinie/ar Az:
Paes Le

ap . 07 ey

am

Eldritch Mark (¢)

The sorcerer scribes a symbol or mark into an object or
onto the forehead of an individual. This mark then fades
from view, but any student of the mystic Arts who looks at
the object or individual will be able to discern the mark and
will know the name of the sorcerer who marked it. This ritual
takes five minutes to cast and has no cost in Willpower.

Enhance Craftsmanship (*¢)

The enchanter uses his power to enhance the craftsman-
ship of an object he is making (something enhanced in this
fashion can not thereafter be further enchanted). Thus, he can
forge a blade that will never break, knita sweater that will never
unravel or ensorcel a mirror so that it will never crack.

An object made in this fashion is notinherently magical in
any way, butan alchemist or another enchanter can discern the
methods used to enhance it with a Perception + Occult task
(difficulty 6). This ritual takes as long to cast as it takes to make
the object (15 to 20 minutes for something that is being
ensorceled after the fact) and costs no Willpower.

PRICE @F FAILURE

The best a sorcerer can hope for ona failure is that his time
and effort will be wasted. It is more likely that the sorcerer will
end up witha cursed item, one thathas some side effect that was
not anticipated, an accident that blows the workshop to bits or
worse. Botching a creation roll is never a good idea: Enchanters
have been engulfed in conflagrations or have simply disap-
peared, along with their workshops.

FASCINATION

Call it bewitching, call it willbinding, speak of love
philters and glamours, speak of presence and awe. In the end,
what you are talking about is a sorcerer's ability to fascinate
—to compel a subject to listen to what she says, to force an
attraction that would not otherwise be there. A master of
this Path can instill loyalty, lust, confidence, faith and love
in those she comes in contact with — in some cases, so much
so that the sorcerer is bedeviled with followers so fanatical
that they are willing to kill for the object of their affection.

Sometimes utter Fascination is not at all what the
sorcerer wants. Stories abound of sorcerer and victim tied up
ina web of conflicting loyalties and obsessions, with tragedy
the nigh-inevitable result. Even worse is when a third party
is brought into the mixture; some seek out sorcerers skilled
in this Path, hoping to gain assistance in attracting the eye
of some desired paramour.

But not all tales of this Path end in tragedy. Many
sorcerers, careful to use only enough power to get what they
want and no more, make a decent living in the media, as
entertainers, as sales representatives and in almost any other
job that requires constant contact with people.

Fascination works with the Social Traits; exactly which
‘one depends on the circumstances. Normally, the client's
most impressive Attribute will be enhanced; a good looking
woman will appear stunning (Appearance), a smooth opera-
tor will become impossibly slick (Manipulation), andsomeone


with a powerful personality will become positively magnetic
(Charisma). A sorcerer can choose to enhance any of the
Social Attributes, however; an already charismatic wizard
might choose to use Fascination to shore up his Appearance.

A sorcerer can inspire more than simple attraction or
interest with Fascination; although it is more difficult, she
can inspire loyalty, trust, camaraderie, faith, confidence or
some other (generally positive) emotional link.

Asubject hasnoreal resistance to thisability, although subjects
witha high Willpowerare less likely to be affected. Some people are
immuneto Fascination altogether, however; anyone with Iron Will
orsimilaradvantagescan ignorea Fascination (except fromamaster
of the Path, at the Storyteller's discretion).

Any attempt to ordera subject to do something that he would
notnormally do (kill that man over there, jump off bridge) allows
him a Willpower check (difficulty 4 + Path level). Each success he
scoresreduces the sorcerer'sholdon him byone level. Howoften the
subject makes these checks depends, in large part, on his personality;
astrong-willed, confidentperson mightmake them ratherregularly,
whilea weak-willed person with low self-esteem would be willing to
put up with quite a bit. When a Fascination ends, it may taper off
(allowing emotions and bonds built up in the intervening time to
take hold), or it may snap, leaving the subject confused and
bewildered.

‘Those who possess similar mind-influencing powers (vampiric
Dominate and Presence, psychic abilities, the Sphere of Mind, etc.)
can also typically ignore attempts to influence them with this Path.
Innately mystical creatures (shapeshifters, the fae, etc.) can counter
a spell with their own power if they choose to (spending their
mystical power sources as appropriate; each point spent reduces the
level of effect by one). The blood bond of vampires is not sufficient,
in and of itself, to counter Fascination, but the bond remains in
effect; any demands that run.counter to the bond will automatically
call for a Willpower check.

Students of this Path can sometimes recognize its tricks being
used by others: Often times, they even have a small measure of
resistance to its effects. When someone uses this Path, or a similar
power (vampiric Dominate and Presence, certain Mind effects,
etc.), the willbinder can make a Wits + Fascination roll (difficulty
7-9, at the Storyteller's discretion). He must score at least as many
successes as the caster to detect anything is amiss. This gives the
willbinder a +1 on all Willpower checks to resist any effects aimed
at him (knowing is half the battle...) and an additional +1 to resist
for every 2 successes scored over and above those needed to detect
the use in the first place.

SYSTém

Roll: (Social Attribute) + Occult

Cost: None

Modifiers: +1 difficulty for emotions other than attrac-
tion or interest
+1 difficulty if subject's Willpower is 5 or greater:

Time: One turn per level of effect

Duration: See following

PUTS So Weg Yr'

alay 4
jl Es Paton y eet Vad

fay , yr re 4, sa

ASPECTS

Level of Influence
. Minor: Inacrowd, youare noticed, and individu-
als will find you interesting. Add 1 die to your
Social dice pools.
ee Stirring: You aren't the center of the party, but

you are being listened to. An individual will
make it a point to hang out with you. Add 2 dice
to your Social dice pools.

Life of the Party: Of course you threw this party,
didn't you? A subject will go out of his way for
you. Add 3 dice.

Major: You are throwing a party, aren't you?
Whatyoudo, others pay attention to. Individuals
will sacrifice quite a bit to earn your approval.
Add 4 dice.

Trendsetter: If you jumped off a bridge, more
than afew people would follow. Your influence is
unmistakable. An individual will do almost any-
thing youask him to, even kill ordie. Add 5 dice.
Your influence is legendary, when you want it to
be. An individual is utterly besmitten of you, a
virtual (and possibly literal) slave, and willing to
do anything you command. Add 6 dice to your
Social dice pools.

° One person

oe Two people

A small group (less than 10)

A party of up to 50 people or so

A crowd of people: hundreds

A stadium full of people: thousands
Duration

° A short while; a few minutes or so.

One scene

A day or two

A couple of weeks

Several months

Indefinitely

PRICE @F FAILURE

Asimple failure means, at worst, having a bit of egg on your
face, in most cases. Botches can be big trouble, however (as is
often the case with sorcery). A spell could backfire making you
as unattractive and unimpressive as it was supposed to make you
impressive and attractive (reverse the adds to Social dice pools
to penalties). Your meddling with other peoples emotions can.
have awful consequences; overuse of thisability can result in the
emotional equivalent ofa lobotomy, fierce fits of jealousy or just
as fierce protective urges. And in extreme versions of the latter
twoproblems, the subject will do anything to keep yousafe/keep
others from having you... anything.

precchisadines ns AND RITUALS re)
aeege iol
Mb vii be


ry
FORTUNE

Fortuna, both Buona and Mala, flows from the hands of the
sorcerer who studies this path. By his will, probabilities alter,
events realign themselves, and his target's future is changed.
The superstitious ascribed this power to all witches (untrue),
and call it the Evil Eye, scientists speak of altering probabilities
and chaos math, and priests calls it the Hand of God, but in
every case, in the end, the effects are only partly in the hands of
the sorcerer. Some mages look on this as being a set of interre-
lated effects linked closely with a rudimentary understanding of
the Entropy Sphere. Sorcerers gifted in the Path just smile, nod
and continue on their lucky way.

Supernatural beings can be cursed but get to resist the
effect, if they are aware of it, with a Willpower check (difficulty
= 4 + the magician's Path rating). Most curses will need only a
single success, but very powerful or long-lasting curses can
require more in order to be removed completely. Short curses
normally won't be discovered unless they are announced ahead
of time; a skilled user of Entropy or Prime might detect a curse
looming over someone, orsomeone with Auspex mightsee it in
their aura, however. A character's Arcane rating subtracts from
the total successes scored on a one for one ratio (and could well
cause the curse to fail utterly).

SYSTEM
Roll: Manipulation + Intimidation (Manipulation +
Mathematics for Technosorcerers)

One Willpower

-1 Difficulty if some sorcerer has some item
closely linked with the target

See below

Cost:

Duration:

ASPECTS

Target
In general, the target must be some specific individual or
group of individuals but does not need to be specifically named
(So, for example, the target might be "Jimmy Smith, who stole
my essay" or "that son of a bitch who just cut me off," but not
"everyone who hates me"). The more dots in this aspect of the
curse, the more people it can affect, and the less specific the
targeting needs to be.
One specific, named, target
Two targets, or one poorly defined one.
A small group (no more than four) of closely
linked individuals (a clique or family)
A midsize group of people with some kind
of relationship (an extended family, a football
team, etc.)
A large group of people (no more than 100): all
of the patrons of a particular bar, a small com-
pany, etc.
An entire town or corporation or military unit
(like a battalion).

This ishow long the effect will last; whether it coils, strikes
and disappears or hangs about to discomfit the recipient for
monthsoreven years. At their most powerful, effects can last for
generations, striking at a specific target in each generation (first
born son, for example).

. One shot. The effect waits for an

e moment, wreaks its vengeance (or

benefits) and then dissipates.
The effect lasts a day, inconveniencing
target whenever possible.
The effect lasts for a week or more (up to
three), helping the target when appropriate.
The blessing (or curse) lasts for several months.
The curse affects the target for years,
blighting his very existence.
"...And unto the seventh generation shallt h e
family of Hedley-Smythe be cursed with mad-
ness, and terror shall follow them all their days!"

Severity

The severity of a Fortune effect depends in large part on
what the sorcerer wants to do, but the specifics of the effect
are never completely under the control of the sorcerer; the
caster can suggest, but in the end, every curse or blessing
takes its own way.

© A brief inconvenience, or a minor weal;d ro p ping
something, saying something utterly stupid (or perfectly bril-
liant), smashing your shin into the table, catch inga busat just
the right moment.

Something that results in a lasting inconvenience or
injury orsome minor advantage. Sprains, bad cases of the flu (or
other annoying, but not life threatening, diseases), breaking
something difficult to replace and committing some major faux
pas are all possible curses, while blessings might convey
some minor advantage in battle, render the target im-
mune to some sickness or misfortune or prevent some difficulty
that might hinder her path.

¢¢¢ A serious, but not normally life-threatening injury or
illness, or some permanent social setback. This kind of curse
should be a major setback for the short-term goals of the target.
As a blessing, this level conveys some major advantage. An
additional die in combat dice pools, continuing minor luck with
dice (or women) or the good fortune to always get the person at
the DMV who actually wants to help (and always getting there
when there aren't many people in line) are all possible effects.

eee A permanent, debilitating injury or illness, or a
major turn of events socially or financially. Bankruptcy, spinal
injuries, psychosis, blindness, an accountant taking off for
Barbados with all of your savings and indictmenton tax evasion
are all possibilities. Blessings of this magnitude include things
like winning the lottery, excellence in battle in some critical
fight or overcoming incredible odds against some major social
endeavors.

the

Sirk fhe

f

Ay

on


ment MS OY $=

eee Normally, adeath curse (and usually nota pleasant
death; decapitation, wasting diseases, mangling car accidents
and worse), although some incredible tum of events might
fulfill a curse of this magnitude. Blessings at this level of power
involve cheating some inescapable death or misfortune: a last
minute reprieve from the governor, landing in the only pond
deep enough to cushion your fall after a parachute failure or
beingsaved by the Queen's Gurkha Rifles justas the cultists start
to lower you into the boiling lava are all possibilities.

eeeee © If there is a fate worse than death or a way to
cheat death forever, it would take a curse or blessing of this
power to do it.

Example: Rachel stares daggers at that stupid jock that tuned
her doum. Who does he think he is, anyway? What, isn't she pretty
enough? Fine. She'll show him, dammit! Muttering a quick enchant-
ment she leamedin a book found in the back of the library, she finishes
it with a curse and savagely stabs her athame into his footprint in the
dirtnear the stadium. Sheis lucky enough to be watching later that day
when, showingoff, he backflips off the bed of his friend's pickup eruck,
slips and smashes his knee into the pavement, cracking it. So much for
the rest of the football season.

Rachel has 3 dots in the Path of Fortune, her Manipulation
is 3, and she has an Intimidation of 2. She sets up her spell as
follows — Target: level one (she knows the name of the "dumb"
jock in question) , Duration: basic (she isn't quite bitter enough to
want him seriously put out for any length of time) and Severity:
level three (she is bitter enough to want him hurt, however) . Since
she's assigning each aspect, she needs three successes (one for each
aspect). If she'd wanted to push the severity even higher, she'd
have needed additional successes.

The Path of Fortune benefits from teamwork in a fashion
unlike any other Path; each assistant who is successful in a skill
check not only reduces the difficulty for the lead sorcerer by 1,
but also adds a single success to the total pool for paying for
aspects. In addition, every three assistants increases the effec-
tive knowledge of the Path by one, allowing the group to cast
more powerful curses or blessings.

Example: A curse performed by five members, all of whom have
the Path of Fortune (with the leader having a rating of 3) would have
an effective Path knowledge of 4 to determine what level of aspect
could be used, and would gain up to 4 extra successes to spend on
aspects, in addition to reducing the difficulty by up to -4.

RITUAL

Death Curse (*)

A magician skilled in the Path of Fortune may invoke a
Death's Curse. The magician spends all of her permanent
Willpower, adds it to her dots and then spends themas she likes
inafinal curse (orblessing, although this ismuch lesscommon),
just as if they were automatic successes. For the purposes of this
spell alone, the magician can buy aspects two dots higher than
they would normally have access to; while a lesser magician
might only be able to inconvenience a single person, a powerful
one could lay waste to an entire family or wither an entire small
town! Once this effect is cast, the character then falters and
quickly dies, burned out by her rage or taken by her weal.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS

doi:
"yy Mdk

ea ad
Hey bee
"

a eet,
"CHERYES So Weg ent fay Weg YEN
Ri) Nees ae fe

et e


Messing with destiny and the future is never something to
be undertaken lightly. A failure on the dice roll results in
nothing happening (of course, if the target is unlucky enough,
the caster may not be able to tell if the curse took effect or not!).
A botched curse might boomerang back onto the caster, as the
hatred-fueled power feeds back into the source of the bile, rather
than the target. Alternatively, it may twist itself into a perverse
sort of blessing, something that at first appears to be a curse but
is, instead, beneficial to the target ina strange sort of way. (This
is especially appropriate if the caster's hatred of the target is not
pure and savage enough — half-hearted curses are better left
alone, especially powerful ones.)

Botched blessings can be just as bad, if not worse. A
botched blessing might twist itself into a curse (especially with
very powerful blessings), targeted either on the caster or on the
target (once again, blessings where the motives of the caster are
not pure are most likely to do this). More commonly, however,
the blessing takes effect but in such a way that it might as well
be a curse. This kind of monkey's paw can be particularly
devastating. A blessing for long life might twist itself into
immortality itself... but immortality without vitality is a prison
suitable only for the most evil.

A sorcerer can use the Path of Fortune upon herself if she
wishes but runs a terrible risk. Any Botched roll means that the
sorcerer will suffer the full effects of the worst kinds of backfire
that she might accidentally inflict upon others. Worse, while
the sorcerer can try and unweave even a botched curse or
blessing upon another, she is totally incapable of lifting or
unweaving an effect that she casts upon herself. Since a sorcerer
may not know the full impact of her casting for some time, the
Storyteller should roll the dice for any use of this Path she works
upon herself.

HEALING

Since the earliest days, those whose touch could heal have
been held in highest regard. The laying on of hands by a saint,
the witch's poultice, the intercession of a houngan with Legba
and the caring touch ofa general practitioner have all been seen
as a kind of miracle. When practitioners of this Path are
involved, this appellation it is not far from the truth.

The Path of Healing takes time; there are no miraculous
cures, no instant regeneration of wounds and no sudden recov-

eries from fatal illnesses. Even the most experienced healer can
only force the body to do so much; a healer normally works by
accelerating the body's natural processes, by helping it do what
it would normally do anyway, only faster and better. Worse, use
of this Path saps the user; overuse can lead to burnout and even
death. A master of the Path can bring someone back even from
death's door... but the cost is often more than he can bear.

Although not absolutely necessary for the use of this Path,
most healers have at least some knowledge of medicine, al-
though this may not be traditional Western medicine:
Acupuncture, homeopathy, herbalism or knowledge of which
spirits to propitiate and which to exorcise can all be effective to
a healer who believes.

The Path of Healing can relieve pain, cure diseases, speed
recovery from injuries (andheal some injuriesoutright), even restore
sight to the blind. It cannot, however, do anything to alleviate
aggravated injuries... fire, Patter magic and acid all do things so
heinous to the human (or inhuman) body that it cannot be healed
in this fashion. For reasons that should be obvious, the Path of
Healing cannot be used on the dead (or undead).

A sorcerer may attempt to heal any given injury, disease or
condition once; ifshe fails or achieves only alimited success (due
to skill), she may not go back and attempt to improve the
situation later.

SYSTEM
Roll:
Cost:
Modifiers:

Manipulation + Intuition

One Willpower per injury or disease

-1 Difficulty if Medicine, or appropriate Lore is
equal to or higher than rating in Path.

Duration: Permanent

PAIN

You can relieve the pain of an injury, even if you cannot
heal the injury itself. With 4 successes, you can reduce the task
penalties from injuries by -2; with 5 successes, the patient can
ignore most penalties that don't involve actual amputations —
andeven then, the penalties are because of the missing limb, not
because it hurts.

TOXINS AND DISEASES

With a single success, you can virtually guarantee that a
patient will not suffer from secondary infections or problems as

ASPECTS

You may spend as many successes as needed (including none) on any or all of the following aspects:

Pain

none

minor (headache)
moderate (migraine)
major (groin kick)
extreme (gut stab)
incredible (amputation)

Toxins
none
antiseptic
rating 1
Rating 2
Rating 3
Rating 4-5
Rating 6-7

Success

Bashing
none

minor bruises
1 level fixed
heal 25%

2 levels fixed
heal 90%

3 levels fixed

Lethal
none
none
stabilize
none
heal 50%
eyesight, hearing
heal instantly

Other
none
none
"enone

minor debilities

ay
ti


a result of disease. With greater numbers of successes, you can
cure diseases or counteract exposure to poisons of a Toxin
Rating equal to or below the rating listed and alleviate the

toms of diseases one level higher (the disease isstill present
and could still kill the patient, but the patient gets +1 on all
survival rolls and at least won't be miserable as he dies...).
Recovery time is dependent on the virulence of the disease or
poison, how massive the exposure was and how long the patient
has already been afflicted.

BASHING DAITIAGE

The healer can close up minor contusions, scrapes, etc.
with but a single success; the injuries fade over the course of 10-
15 minutes or so. For every 2 successes spent on dealing with
bashing damage, the healer can reduce the damage taken by one
level (from Wounded to Injured, for example). Bashing damage
that has been converted to lethal damage cannot be cured in
this fashion.

LETHAL DAMAGE

Two successes lets the healer stabilize even a critically
wounded patient; the patient will not regain any levels of
Health but will be safe to transport and may even be able to
move about under her own power, at least alittle (dependenton
injuries). More successes donotactually remove health levels of
damage but do cause the patient to heal at an accelerated rate;
thisis in addition to any benefits gained by regular medical care
(so an Incapacitated patient who is being treated in a hospital
by a doctor who also happens to be a healer who scores 4
successes on healing lethal damage would recover completely
from her injuries in 51 days, instead of 102 (or the almost a year
that it would take with no medical attention or healer
intervention).

© THER INTURIES ©R DEBILITIES

With great effort (a minimum of 4 successes needed), a
healer can correct congenital defects or problems incurred after
birth. Many problemsare beyond the ability of even the greatest
healers to cure (they cannot regenerate limbs, etc.), but they
can cure bad vision or tone deafness (with 5 successes) and even
some neurological conditions (6 successes). Exactly how many
successes are needed, and what is beyond the scope of the healer,
is up to the Storyteller.

RITUALS

Healing Sleep (*)

The healer can place a patient in a deep, restful sleep that
relaxes and revitalizes. The patient wakes from even few hours
of sleep refreshed and alert, with a clarity of thought and
purpose. In game terms, the player rolls Manipulation + Intu-
ition versus a difficulty of 6; if more than one success is rolled,
the (willing) patient falls into a deep slumber. This ritual
normally results in 9 hours of sleep; subtract one hour for each
additional success. At the end of thatsleep, the patientawakens
revitalized; all bashing damage is healed, and the patient regains
a point of Willpower.

-f eo! Saas
Pes

rig PEy tytig Pre 2

Mike's Cure-All (**)
Although the exact version referenced here appears todate
from the Chicago speakeasies of the 1920s, versions of this ritual
have been around for centuries. When cast ona patient who has
been drugged, poisoned or merely over-indulged, the patient
immediately begins to flush any toxins in their system; depend-
ing on the length of time it's been since the toxins were
introduced and the method of introduction, they might be
expelled through sweat, vomiting or diarrhea, tears or some
combination. This is rarely pleasant for the patient, but in the
end, the toxins are removed, and any effects they may have on
the patient are negated (already existing damage will not be
healed, but any side effects or further damage will cease). The
difficulty of this ritual is 6, and the healer must score more
successes than the Toxin Rating of the drug or poison that the
patient has in their system (or the highest Toxin Rating, in case
of multiple drugs or poisons). This ritual can be cast as an
extended task, and while it will flush out even alchemical
concoctions and poisons, it does not affect vitae in any way; a
ghoul will not have the vitae in his bloodstream forcibly
removed, nor does it remove a blood bond.

Wakey-Wakey (**)

With this ritual, a Sorcerer can revive anyone from even
the deepest sleep. Even magically induced slumber can be
broken with this ritual, although the caster must generate more
successes than the originator of the sleeping spell did. The base
difficulty of this ritual is 6; normally only a single success is
needed, although someone who is drugged, is a naturally deep
sleeper or is incredibly exhausted may require more successes.
This ritual costs one Willpower to cast.

Revive (#eeeee)

The pinnacle of understanding in the Path of Healingis the
ability to bring back one thathas traveled beyond Death's Door.
Even masters of the Path can only call back those who have very
recently died, and survival is never assured; more than once, a
patient has been revived, only to succumb once again to his
injuries. The healer burns two permanent Willpower and rolls
against a difficulty of 9; she mustachieve at least 3 successes, plus
1 additional success for every three minutes the patient has been
dead (not counting the length of time the ritual takes to cast).
Ifsuccessful, the healer loses any remaining Willpower they may
have (these points, unlike the initial two, can be regained over
time), is physically exhausted and at -2 dice on all dice pools for
the next week. The patient, while revived, still suffers from
whatever ills killed him in the first place; if immediate medical
attention is not forthcoming, he will quickly die once again.

PRICE @F FAILURE

Asimple failure merely means that the healer hasno effect;
she cannot work on this injury or disease for whatever reason.
A botch, however, can be particularly horrifying in the case of
this Path; stories tell of tissue surrounding a wound going
hypercancerous, orifices like the mouth, nostrils, etc. suddenly
"healing" themselves over, diseases going berserk and worse.
The healer can also backlash the injuries of the patient onto
herself or subject herself to the poisons or diseases she was trying
to cure.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 29

vy

pao

Nn

%

Se,

Thought by many to be at least tainted by darkness, if not
outright of evil origins, the Path of Hellfire tapsinto the deepest,
most primal, and destructive of forces. Legends ascribe the
beginnings of this power to the infernal realms, pacts with
malevolent elemental spirits, and bargains with beings better
left alone. The master of the path of hellfire can demand, and
receive respect; he will also receive suspicion and fear, whether
he demands them or not.

A student of the Path of Hellfire learns to summon and
control powerful elemental attacks; blasts of lightning, bolts of
fire or mystic energy, clouds of poison gas or other deadly effects.
Unsubtle and direct, these powers, utilized properly, can oblit-
erate even the most deadly of foes, in the hands of a master.
Students of this Path should remember that a little knowledge
can be a dangerous thing; they are not immune to the effects of
their own powers, and using this power in combat normally
requires planning beforehand.

Hitting a target with a blast of Hellfire requires a successful
Dexterity + Melee roll (difficulty 7). Striking at an area lowers
the difficulty to 5 but allows those in the areaa chance to escape
(see Dodging and Resistance in Mage Revised, p. 152).

SYSTEM
= Roll:
‘ Cost:
Duration:

ASPECTS

Damage

Two dice of lethal damage per success spent. Although the
c basic form of Hellfire is a gout of flame, Hellfire does not do
aggravated damage by default: for aggravated damage, spend 2
additional successes (some special effects preclude aggravated
damage). Total number of successes spent on damage (includ-
ingto buyaggravated damage) cannot exceed the dots the caster
has in Hellfire.

Range
. Touch only. The sorcerer must make a successful
Brawl attack in order to hit his target and deliver
damage (which is in addition to normal melee
damage.
Less than 10 feet
Less than 25 feet
About 50 feet
Any target within 150 feet
A target within 200 yards or so

Manipulation + Occult
One Willpower
Instant

A single target
Assmall area; 3 square feet or so
No more than a couple of square yards or so

10 square feet (which can be arranged as a wall,
circle or whatever).

20 square feet

Ae

PSL al LY

19

ad fT -

feRYS  Tomrels

. aarE= yes ee -
HELLFIRE seeeee Approximately 50 square feet
Special Effects

All special effects are optional and, in fact, must be
purchased (using freebie or experience points; cost is equal to
the cost in successes +1), as each is a separate study in destruc-
tion. Each could be considered a separate destructive Path, of
which Hellfire is simply a generic sampling.

¢¢ Earthquake: The ground cracks open, engulfs the target
and crushes him before subsiding. The target will then have to
dig his way free (Strength roll against difficulty 6, need as many
successes as health levels suffered, extended task), Lethal dam-
age only.

¢¢ Lightning: A bolt of electricity fries the target. If the
target is touching any conductive material (water, asuit of plate
armor, wires, etc.) and anyone else is touching that material,
they suffer the same damage the target did. Can be aggravated.

© Decay: Does no damage to living targets, but anything
they are wearing or carrying begins to rust, decay, warp and
generally fall apart at a high rate. Within 2-3 turns, anything
they are wearing or holding will be junk. This effect destroys
three pounds of material per point of damage that would be
scored (some substances and anything thathasbeen enchanted,
will be resistant to this effect).

© Dust Storm: A blinding, stinging cloud of fine dust whirls
through the area, scouring everyone in the area. Must be bought
with at least three dots worth of area. All beings in the path of
this cloud are blinded for the duration of the cloud (one turn per
health level of damage inflicted).

© Sleet: A blast of freezing water and ice cuts across the
target. Not only does this inflict damage, but it can also obscure
vision (at least momentarily), and the ground surrounding the
target is at least wet and may be rather slippery. Lethal damage
only.

* Smoke: A thick cloud of poisonous smoke billows forth
from the caster, enveloping the area. (This effect must be
bought with an Area of at least 3 dots). Everyone within the
cloud takes one health level of lethal damage per turn, unless
they have some kind of protection (a gas mask buys 2 turns of
exposure but is then rendered useless) or do not need to breath
(like vampires). Vision is totally obscured (even advanced
vision, like thermographic or night vision) while within the
cloud. Can be aggravated.

© Tanglewood: nearby plants lash out, throwing storms of
splinters, thorns, etc. at the target. A truly lucky magician might
be able to stake a vampire this way, but don't count on it
(difficulty 9, at least 5 successes needed). If the target is actually
standing among any kind of dense undergrowth, the plants will
envelop him (extended Strength roll against difficulty 7, need
as many successes as health levels suffered to break free). Lethal
damage only.

© ¢¢@ Drowning Tide: Thiseffect requiresa large body of water
to work (an Olympic size swimming pool is sufficient). A sudden
wave or undercurrent reaches up and drags the target under the
surface, smashing her body and causing drowning damage. (See the
tules on drowning in Mage Revised, p. 249). To escape, the target
willhave togetto "shore" and draghimselfoutof the water (Strength

tu


roll, difficulty 8, number of successes needed depends on how long
heisin the waterand how farhe is from safety, butat least 2 successes
necessary). Thiscontinues until the targetescapesor dies. Drowning
damage only.

RITUALS

Fire's Weal (¢*)

Thistitual allows the user (or whomever they cast the ritual
upon) to resist natural flames, and provides at least some
protection against even mystical flames. Roll (Manipulation +
Occult) against a difficulty of 7; if you score more than 2
successes, you can soak fire damage as if it were bashing damage,
instead of aggravated; more successes reduce the soak number
needed (so 5 successes on this check would result in the
recipient being able to soak fire damage as bashing, with a-3 on
the soak difficulty). This ritual costs one Willpower and lasts
one scene.

Hellblade (¢¢)

This simple ritual attunes a weapon (normally some kind
of bladed weapon, often a dagger or sword) to the powers of this
Path. By spending one Willpower, you may engulf the blade in
mystical fires; while burning, the weapon does aggravated
damage and does 2 additional dice of damage. These fires last for
up to one scene, unless the magician tries to hand the weapon
to another user, at which point the flames die out. Requires a
Manipulation + Occult roll, difficulty 7, with at least 2 successes
rolled to take effect.

PRICE ©F FAILURE

The price of failure ought to be obvious... the powers you
are trying to wield rise up and engulf you! A simple failure just
indicates that nothing happened, but a botch typically means
that the attack backlashes onto the caster, inflicting whatever
fate was intended for the target back on the attacker.

TTTANA ITIANIPULATION

Nearly every sorcerer recognizes the flow of some sort of
power: mana, sekhem, chi, vis or some other representation of
magical potential. Most magicians lear to feel or describe the
energies that course through them during the casting of spells.
Some, however, learn to direct these power sources in order to
reshape the fundamental mystic energy about them.Geomancy,
ley line channeling, feng shui — all of these sense and redirect
the power of raw magic energy into new directions and shapes.

Mana Manipulation is an esoteric Path, and few sorcerers
would describe itin such abstract terms — rather, most see it as
an exercise described by their specific magical style. A magician
used to feng shui and chi kung, for instance, will channel chi
energies with special mitrors or moxa burning. A sorcerer who
telies on incantations and wands will use those tools to direct
Mana and store it. Spirit-talkers and shamans may rely on
elaborate designs to trap and hold energy or paintings that ward
off negative energies.

SYSTEM
Roll:
Cost:

Manipulation + Occult
1 Willpower

WT WG PEE Ms
r mee f

7— FI ny

Most societies of sorcerers consider certain Paths
to be dark knowledge, Paths whose understanding
brings with it certain costs of insanity, corruption or
damnation. Depending on the society, these Paths
may be forbidden, taught only to those already as-
sumed to be free of corruption or forgotten altogether,
known of only in legend and myth.

Exactly which Paths are considered Dark Paths
depends on the teachings of the society in question.
Most Western societies consider Paths such as Hellfire,
Shadowcasting, the cursing aspects of the Path of
Fortune and Daimonic Summoning to be Dark Paths,
but in other cultures or societies, these powers may be
considered totally normal, or even sacrosanct, while
others are considered utterly profane.

THE LAW ©F RETRIBUTION

Many, though not all, societies have a tradition
that states in brief that what magic is used for comes
back to the user. "As ye reap so shall ye sow," and
"what you send out, you get back threefold are but
two examples of this philosophy.

Although not universal, this belief seems to

ave some grounding in fact; those who use sorcery

for evil often come to evil ends. Whether or not

sorcery has a conscience is up to the Storyteller to

decide; it should be kept in mind, however, that

sorcery does hot seem to mind being used for profit or
even for justified retribution or self-defense. It is only

when sorcery is used to needlessly harm others or to

gain wealth or power at another's expense that the,
law of retribution comes into effect.

The law is alsonot universal... far from it. Many?
evil sorcerers live out their lives without any prob-
lems, comfortable in their villainy.

Modifiers: - 1 for areas of strong Mana (Nodes and the like)
Time: One turn per effect level
Duration: Varies

Instead of aspects, this Path offers certain feats that may be
performed at each level.

* The sorcerer can sense Mana energies. In simple terms,
a quick meditation or invocation allows the sorcerer to deter-
mine if an area or item is charged with power (Quintessence,
Mana, vampire blood, what have you). With three or more
successes, the sorcerer can tell if it has a specific Resonance —
recognizing a sacred grove asa place holy to nature and growth
ordetermining that some sort of stored Manaisactually flavored
with a destructive, poisonous Resonance, for instance.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS


_
Can

PS 77 ext)
nn

Sr
7 he

© © While an initiate can sense magical energy in places or
objects, a sorcerer with this level of Mana Manipulation can see
the magical energy in and around creatures. The sorcerer's
perceptions let him determine if someone is using magic and
allow him to see obstructed or occluded magical flows (like
blocked chi energies or curses). The sorcerer can also make a
rough estimate of the potential magical energy held by an
individual, though this does not guarantee separating a super-
natural creature from an otherwise normal human.

eee Skilled sorcerers can displace or alter the flow of
Mana around an area. The sorcerer can briefly block a Mana
flow (each success causes a Node or other wellspring of Mana to
become dormant for a turn) or push it in a different direction
(again, for one turn per success). The sorcerer can cause Mana
to become trapped ina simple object, though agiven object can
only holdasingle point of Mana through a brief spell of this sort.

¢¢¢@ Manipulation of personal Mana energies allows a
sorcerer to store additional Mana (temporarily), draw from a
place of power to fuel his magic or even disrupt a person's Mana
flow to cause injury. The sorcerer can draw Mana out of a place
of power; each success allows the sorcerer to channel one point
of Mana (to the limit of the area's power), which must be used
in the next turn. Striking at a person to destroy Manaallows the
sorcerer to strip Mana from the individual's pool at a one-
success-for-one-point rate; this can also discharge the power in
other magical pools (like Gnosis) on a two-successes-per-point
ratio. Mana Manipulation at this level can cause injury or
healing by altering the flow of life energy through a subject,
essentially promoting health or disease. (Thishas no immediate
effect, but over time may cause degeneration or better health;
long-term or powerful alterations are better performed with the
Healing Path.)

eeeee The master of Mana can not only sense and
redirect Mana, but can use Mana to infuse countermagic
(creating a magical "shield" that allows him to add Mana to a
countermagic dice pool), block another sorcerer's use of Mana
(each success stops an opponent's point of Mana from empow-
eringan effect) oreven change the Resonance of Mana (turning
poisoned Mana into neutral, "clean" energy that could be used
with helpful spells or bending otherwise passive Mana toa more
active, fiery Resonance for use with destructive magic), with
successes dictating the level of change — one success would
alter the Resonance slightly, three would cancel out a charac-
teristic and five would reverse it.

@eeee @ A legendary sorcerer can briefly cause an area to
become a nexus of Mana energy. With a spell of this level, the
sorcerer creates a flow of Mana for a few moments, turning
himself into a sort of magical magnet. Successes garnered on
sucha spell are splitbetween duration (in turns) and power (in
Manaperturn). Thesorcereror others present may channel this
Mana normally. Doing so, however, can be very debilitating;
such magic often has side effects or burns out the caster (score
one level of bashing damage for each success rolled).

RITUALS

Mana Manipulation rituals allow a sorcerer to extend his
power over Mana to cover wide areas or long durations.

PCT AES

Nn ene

! iplits

Infusion (¢¢)

The sorcerer takes an otherwise normal potion or other
consumable object and places some of his own Mana into it for
later use. The successes scored determine how much Mana can
go into the item. Energy usually "leaks" during this process;
every two points of Mana spent by the sorcerer channel one
point into the storage receptacle.

Shape Mana (*¢)

With special mirrors, diagrams, carvings or the like, the
sorcerer turns the flow of Mana in an area so that it changes
direction and intent. The sorcerer could cause "bad" energies to
become wholesome, alter a spell effect or tum a ley line so that
itruns through hisresidence. The level of success guides the feat:
With one success, the sorcerer could dissipate some unlucky
energies so that a place does not attract evil spirits or ill fortune.
With three successes, the sorcerer can channel joss so that a
location has good fortune (lowering by one the difficulty of all
commerce or practices of the area — a store would facilitate
business, a hospital would encourage healing, and so on). With
five successes, the sorcerer can reshape a magic effect already in
the area to the limits of his own knowledge (turning, say, a ward
so that it wards against a different creature type) or even cause
a Node or other source of power to channel its energy to a
location of his choosing. Mana reshaped in this form typically
lasts until some force "snaps" it back to normal, though some
places may require specific maintenance (yearly for simple
effects like good luck, perhaps daily rituals for bending ley lines).

@NEIROMANCY

It is a frequent theme in tales of the fantastic and the
magical that odd things often happen in dreams. Omens of the
future are sometimes seen, messages from gods or wizards are
passed on. There are tales of lovers who have not yet met,
destined for each other, dreaming of their first meeting. The
Dream Realm is infinitely malleable, responsive to the con-
scious and subconscious of the dreamer. A skilled dreamer can
impose his will upon the Dream Realm, creating new images
and altering the behavior of old, banishing nightmares or
crafting new horrors with which to terrorize other dreamers. It
is said, too, that there are world and beings that exist wholly
within the world of dreams and nightmares, from the realms of
the fae to the strange worlds described in the writings of
Burroughs, Lovecraft and Poe.

Nearly everyone dreams. The oneiromancer walks among
those dreams. Like the dreamweavers of horror movie fame, she
can craft images so realistic that it is hard to tell the difference
between them and reality. Still, they are "only" dreams. Or are
they? An overly imaginative subconscious can quite literally
dream itself to death, though this is rare. More common are the
tales of wicked men who dreamed of their ultimate fate and
heeded the warning to reform their ways. Such messages are a
fine and subtle weapon of those who walk the dreaming night.
And sometimes, dreams can walk amongst men....

System
Roll: — Wits + Occult.
Cost: None


bie | wey YEK Meiheg PP ra dteg YN

ASPECTS

Distance

In order to affect a dreamer, the oneiromancer must have
some sort of contact with her target. Physical contact is the best,
obviously, but the principles of Sympathy and Contagion allow
the use of other means.
. Direct physical contact
True Name
Body part/secretion*
Prized possession
e@eeee Other possession**

* Blood, hair, nail clippings, saliva, urine, etc. It must
be unmixed with other materials.

** Any item that is in frequent contact with or use by
the target, such as clothing.

EFFECTS:

© The first step the dreamwalker must master is the ability
to reach out and touch the dreams of others. They come to her
as do most dreams, in flashes of imagery, often highly distorted
by the subconscious. The dreamwalker can, with considerable
thought, interpret parts of these shattered fragments, perhaps
giving her some insight into her target's nature or history.

© © Working out the methodology to enter and take part in
a dream is the next step. Entering the dream renders you
temporarily a part of it; the oneiromancer's dream-self takes on
an appearance and initial role in the dream provided by the
dreamer's subconscious (and the Storyteller's feel for what is
appropriate). It is not hard to make small changes in the dream
(conjuringasmall item from nowhere, say),a Wits + Dreamcraft
roll at difficulty 6 suffices. Larger changes are very difficult, and
the basic theme of the dream sequence is unalterable. Any
change which violates it will be ata minimum difficulty of 8and
require multiple successes — and will tend to undo itself unless
the dreamer pays constant attention to maintaining it.

eee Eventually, the dedicated dreamwalker will learn to
isolate himself from his subject's dreams. This allows observa-
tion of the dream images without being drawn into (possibly
quite dangerous) direct participation. A greater degree of con-
trol over the dream is also possible now, the dreamwalker
banishing or creating nightmares and fantasies. It is possible, for
example, to guide a dream to images supporting the self-
confidence and surety of the dreamer, helping him to regain a
point of temporary Willpower or to cast horrible terrors that
mimic the effect of the Nightmares Flaw.

#*¢* Once she has achieved sufficient control over the
dream, the hext step is to master dream sendings. The
oneiromancer can craft a specific, detailed dream sequence and
send itoffto the target, to be repeated as many timesas the caster
gains successes on his casting roll. The prudent dreamwalker
keeps these to one or two repetitions a night; any more and the
subject may grow suspicious.

eeeee A master of the Dream Realm is a powerful
individual; she walks freely in the dreams of others and is
capable of melding the dreams of several folk into one (she can

Nay 2g

oa

aS 27S a vt

bring one person into the dream for each success on the casting
roll). Of course, she has no control over the dreamers' actions,
and the initial environment will be a mix of their subconscious
influences, but careful nudges can send the group into asuitable
dream with a bit of effort.

eeeee © The greatest and most legendary power of
Oneiromancy is the ability to make the dream real: physical
entry into the Dream Realm. One who accomplishes this
incredibly difficult feat can walk from dream to dream almost at
will and may even be able to bring items (or even living things)
out of the dream into the real world — for a time.

PRICE @F FAILURE:

A botched dreamweaving typically casts the sorcerer into
aNightmare Realm ashis own subconscious takes control of the
dream. Storytellers are encouraged to reach deep into their bags
of tricks. Use the character's fears and memory of past disasters
against him. The descriptions of Harrowings in Wraith: The
Oblivion can be quite useful in this. Note also thatstepping into
the dreams of a person who suffers the effects of the Nightmares
Flaw can be a disaster all by itself, their dream images are
powerful and frequently painful.

SHADOW CASTING

With mastery of this Path, the shadows become your tools,
the darkness your ally, and the night your friend. Despite the
accusations of those who claim that the Path is, if not actively
infernal, at least tinged with an ineffable darkness that can
corrupt the unwary, the Path of Shadows is no more inherently
evil than most other Paths. Whatever evil asorcererfindson the
Path of Shadows, he brought himself.

A shadowcaster learns to manipulate and conjure shadowstuft
—at first, mere simple shade but, with experience, near-tangible
blackness or total nightfall. Color and light are absorbed and

by these shadows, which dance and caper at the
sorcerer's beck and call. Needless to say, such displays can be quite
unnerving; even a novice sorcerer can conjure effects that will
frighten the wits out of most normal humans.

SYSTEM

Roll: Manipulation + Occult
Cost: 1 Willpower
Modifiers: None

Time: One turn per level of effect
Duration: — Varies

This Path does not have aspects per se; rather, its effects are
limited by raw level.

© The caster can deepen and darken shadows and darkness
in a room or area. The overall lighting doesn't alter, but those
shadows that do exist will be much darker than they ought to be.
If you desire, those shadows can carry with them a feeling of
unease and spookiness. Exact effects depend on the situation
(using this ability in a brightly lit office will have little effect,
while doing it in a shadowy warehouse would give a sorcerer
(and others) the effect of an extra dot of Stealth.

as OUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 83
fis
rit iF saa) Pie AEC Sy MAES Coy Mbth

th

4


= SB aN ieee SS fe i est Pel ee

77 eS

‘=

= a, ag ji~

6 By shaping the shadows in his area and muffling the
sounds he makes, the sorcerer can become almost impossible to
discover. He can make his appearance indistinct, his voice eerie
and creepy and the shadows deep and dark around himself. Add
2 dice to dice pools involving Arcane, Disguise (for purposes of
hiding your appearance, not for taking on the appearance of
others), Intimidation or Stealth. If the sorcerer casts the shad-
ows on another, the victim will begin to see things out of the
comer of his eyes, horrible shadowy forms that dissolve when
the head turns. Strange creaks, ominous footsteps and hollow
laughter will inhabit his hearing, anda rising sense of dread will
occupy every spare thought. A Willpower roll (difficulty equal
tothenumber of successes rolled) is necessary toavoid fumbling
and hesitation; while not enough to cause penalties, this will
cause someone to reconsider whether or not they should be
here, instead of safe at home in his well-lit living room...

¢¢® The shadows rile and coil about the shadowcaster.
Color fades from the area, and sounds become mere whispers
and murmurs... or sudden piercing laughs, screams and other
sounds of terror. Panic rises in all but the most stout hearted
(Willpower roll, difficulty equal to the successes rolled + 2;
failure indicates either a sudden, near irresistible urge to be
elsewhere or a —I to all tasks). You may add 3 dice to your
attempts to conceal your character (or another).

eee The shadows are the sorcerer's allies in all ways.
‘Those who oppose him must make a Willpower roll (difficulty
8) or be struck down in near-terror (-2 on all tasks — fear this
great may drive some to frenzy). Add 4 dice to your dice pools
for Intimidation, Arcane and Stealth. Cameras and other
electronic recording devices will fail unless the operators suc-
ceed at an Intelligence + (appropriate skill: Computers,
Investigation, Photography, Science) roll (difficulty 8, gener-
ally, although very simple equipment might need only a 6).

eee The shadows reach out and engulf the caster's
opponents; what they see there is enough to reduce even the
greatest to shivering wrecks. Used offensively, the opponent
must make a Willpower check (difficulty 8, 3 successes needed)
or be reduced to uselessness for several turns; a victim that was
already afraid of the dark or enclosed spaces will probably
require psychiatric attention before recovering. Thoseshrouded
in the darkness will be totally invisible to those outside it (and
toeach other). Naturally, the caster can see in hisown darkness.
Any recording device brought into the darkness fails immedi-
ately (no roll allowed); any pointed at the darkness see only
roiling masses of... nothing. Inky blackness. Shadows.

. © The legendary sorcerer can give the shadows a
physical form, shaping them into chains or tentacles to grab and
hold those he wants stopped. The number of successes scored
represents the total amount of Strength that can be brought to
bear against opponents; you can divide these points up as you
want. Bright light will weaken these shadows; sunlight will
destroy them. Alternatively, the castercan.use thispowertodim
even the brightest lights; even the sun will dim, although only
temporarily, and only ina small, well-defined area (an alley way
or courtyard, for example).

© £2

edad ject ay

be |

9 aa eg —— —— =

PRICE @F FAILURE

The shadows are cruel servants... or are they masters? In
any case, botches with this Path are certainly undesirable.
Sorcerers can end up befuddling themselves as much (or more)
than their opponents, drawing the shadows they intended to
inflict on others upon themselves. Rumors speak of shadowy
forms coming out of shadows that didn't exist... couldn't exist,
in broad daylight, to draw a sorcerer who has badly botched into
the darkness, never to be seen again. Others speak of things
drawn forth that have forever pursued students of this Path...
and those caught by them are never quite the same again.

SHAPESHIFTING (N@ RITUALS)

While the World of Darkness is indeed home to some
shapeshifting monsters, a few sorcerers learn toalter their bodies
through magical practice rather than inborn heritage. Perhaps
it's a spoken word that calls to the primal animal within or the
intervention ofananimal-spirit orevena little judicious genetic
engineering. This Path is very elemental, often calling upon
instinctive knowledge, and many sorcerers have lost their
personalities to the beast-side conjured up. Others lose their
identity in malleability. For a few, shapeshifting is less an art
thananatural talent, butoneunchanneled by the callings ofthe
true Changing Breeds. It seems that Shapeshifting comes in as

many forms as its practitioners.

SYSTEM
Roll: Stamina + Animal Ken (mythic sorcery)
Intelligence + Science (extraordinary science)
One Willpower per use

None

One scene

Cost:
Duration:

ASPECTS

Shift Scale
. A minor cosmetic change: The sorcerer can

change eye colors, grow hair, etc.

ee Noticeable change: The sorcerer grows small
claws, sprouts scales on the hands or the like.
Significant change: The sorcerer replaces some
body part with an animal feature —a full clawed
paw, a nasty shark jaw or an externalized diges-
tive system.
Half-shift: The sorcerer can shift half of his body
into another form or find some halfway point
between human and animal with significant
traits of each. The sorcerer might resemble a
bipedal wolf (of size somewhere between human.
and wolf) or could have bird wings and a beak
with human legs.
Full shifting: The sorcerer can change com-
pletely into animal forms.
Mythic shifting: Not only can the sorcerer take
on animal forms, he may turn into forms that he
only imagines.


The sorcerer can only affect himself.

The sorcerer can affect a different subject instead
of himself.

The sorcerer can affect two subjects at once.
The sorcerer can affect up to three subjects at a

time.
Disparity
e-eee The sorcerer can only affect himself and must
take only one animal feature.
eoee The sorcerer can make two unrelated shifts:

having a wolf claw and a raven's head or chang-
ing himself to have fangs and an opponent to
have whiskers.

The sorcerer can make three unrelated shifts.
The sorcerer can freely mix and match shifting
traits.

PRICE @F FAILURE

Shapeshifters have a tendency to lose control over their
shifting processes; a sorcerer who botches might trap himself in
an animal's body or accidentally give an enemy useful advan-
tages. The sorcerer could replace his mental acuity with animal
instincts, or his body might start shifting out of control.

SUMMIMA@NING, BINDING AND
W/ARDING(ALL RITUALS)

Perhaps the most ubiquitous among legendary sorceries is
the ability to bind and control various natural or supernatural

am | f
a (e
Se — -—
S =o | &
entities. Sorcerers can use their powers to command ghosts, ;

demons, animals — even other people. With protective circles
the sorcerer hedges out enemies, while with summoning spells,
he calls the subjects to him.

Summoning, Binding and Warding are perhaps the most
dangerous of spells. Attempts to bind creatures almost inevita-
bly make them hostile. A sorcerer may not know that a ward is
unsuccessful until an enemy attacks! And, of course, many
hapless sorcerers learn to summon creatures long before learn-
ingtobindandcontrol them. Worsestill, many extradimensional
beings possess will too strong to be easily bound.

All Summoning, Binding and Warding powers are rituals;
the sorcerer must properly prepare and incant to make the effect
happen. The aspects determine the sorts of creature that the
sorcerer can summon and for how long. Each type of creature
requires a separate ritual: Summon Rats, Bind Rats and Ward
Against Vampires are all separate rituals.

Summoning, Binding and Warding covers many different
areas of study. Material Summoning refers to physical creatures,
like the summons of rats or bats. Daimonic Summoning affects
angelic or demonic entities. Ephemera refers to the practice of
dealing with spirits in general; Necromancy covers dealings
with ghosts of the dead. Coiling or Technomantic Summoning
refers to the practice of summoning or binding technological
items — some modern sorcerers might even call their cars to
them or ward their computers against viruses!

SYSTEM
Roll: Intelligence + Occult
Cost: One Willpower

\

\

\

vra

Pe eee Te ‘

%

FS }

wig IA
Wade id

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 85

wr gcir
PTET Sy MRA Uy
% veg SHY '

1,3


‘
i]
:

ra

ar

aA

S77

reins = ®

Modifiers:
Duration:

ASPECTS

Creatures Affected

Accreature compelled by a Summoning must appear to the
sorcerer. Thus, the sorcerer can see spirits or the like that are
brought forth, vampires are forced from hiding, etc. Note that
the creature must move under its own power; the spell does not
teleport it into the location. Thus, Summoning a toaster does
little good unless it has wheels.

. Simple creatures: The sorcerer can affect small,
unintelligentanimals, likerats, batsand insects. This
also functions upon simple nature spirits or basic
technological devices.

oo Large creatures: The summoner may affect large

animals like wolves. The summoner may also

affect ghosts of the dead or larger technical
devices like televisions.

Humans: The summoner's magic functions

upon normal humans or upon self-willed natu-

ral spirits. Computers and complex electronics
may be affected.

Paranatural: The summoner can affect ghouls,

other sorcerers and similar supernatural entities.

Technomagical devices may be affected.

Supernatural: The summoner's powers reach

beyond to affect truly supernatural material be-

ings such as vampires, werewolves and the like.

The sorcerer could use technosummons against

airplanes, wards across entire buildings and soon.

Celestial: The summoner can invoke his powers

against gods, demons and angels.

Number

Each dot of Summoning allows the sorcerer to summon
one creature of the appropriate type or one swarm for small
animals and insects.

Warding Strength

Each dot causes the subject to lose one die from all actions
against the sorcerer.

With Warding at three or above, the sorcerer may create

a Warding Circle; unless the creature scores more successes on

a Willpower roll than the sorcerer's player scored on the Ward

roll, the creature cannot pass into or out of the circle.

Binding Intensity

Binding levels are cumulative. Note that a creature may
expend a point of Willpower to resist a Binding, though the
sorcerer may recast it.

. ‘The creature cannot act against the sorcerer.

The creature must truthfully answer any single

question put to it.

The creature truthfully answers questions and

must perform any one service demanded, though

it may twist the intent of the service.

None

See below

eocece

yas b

ooee The creature performs a task for the caster as
directed, following the orders closely.
The sorcerer may command the creature to perform
one task on behalf of another person and order it to
answer any questions put to it by others.
The creature follows the spirit as well as the letter
of the sorcerer's commands.

Duration
° One turn
Three turns
One scene
One day
One story
Permanent (?)

PRICE @F FAILURE

The price of failure should be self-evident for Summoning,
Binding and Warding. Those who meddle in the affairs of
demons eventually get what they deserve. A creature may arrive
and pretend to be under control; a warding circle might hedge
against the sorcerer; a binding may simply enrage the target and
even make the subject resistant to the sorcerer's spells.

\W/EATHER CONTROL
(N@ RITUALS)

Weather witches have always been among the most revered
and feared members of the sorcerer community. In ancient time, a
witch could doom. community toa slow death by withholding the
storms that flood the fields, destroy homes and kill the unwary. On.
the seas, those who could call the winds were lifesavers in truth, for
a becalmed vessel was one that would die.

Most cultures consider weatherworking to be a woman's art,
drawing on the ties between her fertility and the bounty of the land
and the elements, but this is far from universal; in some African
tribes, weathermagicwasmen'smagic, forexample. Technosorcerers
make no such distinctions, of course, but then, their mastery of this
Path is thought by most to be limited at best. (Whether this is true
isa question of some debate, however, as there area few who always
seem tohave the wind at their back, cloudyskiesand convenient fog
banks when they need them.)

Weather magic can be terribly powerful but isalso usually very
slow to take effect. Changes in the weather are usually measured in
hours or days; you can speed these processes up, but you cannot
summon tidal wavesoutofnothingorstormsfrom clearskies. When
giventimetowork, however, weathercraftcan command forcesthat
are truly awesome and terrifying to behold, but not without cost.
Even simple changes can leave a sorcerer drained; major workings
can demand terrible sacrifices or even the death of the caster.

SYSTEM
Roll: Manipulation + Willpower
Cost: Weatherworking is expensive. An effect costs

one Willpower per 2 dots in Intensity, plus one

k L
i 4
nv

HL

+

Reet

ee


AN

7p

iets Ms bya x
~ Ta

for every 3 dots of Duration, Speed and Scale (or
fraction thereof).

Modifiers: none

Duration: _ see below

Note: Because of the nature of weathercraft, the sor-
cerer does not gain the benefit of Path dots as
freebie successes; almost all weathercraft casting
will be performed as extended task checks.

ASPECTS

Intensity

* You can make small changes in the environment: a
sudden cold breeze, a slight drop in room temperature, a
softening of the light in a room, the sudden flaring of candles.

© Minor changes to the environment are possible; you
cansummonupa dense fog, ensure that skies are cloudy orcreate
favorable winds.

¢ ¢¢ Therainsand windsare at yourcommand. Rainshowers
come when you call them, and strong winds blow where you
will. You can change the local temperature by as much as 30
degrees in either direction and can calm strong seas or currents.

@e¢ee Storms move and surge where you will; powerful
rains, gale force winds, heat waves and cold snaps (changes of up
to 40 degrees in temperature), and powerful tides and undercur-
rents are all at your command. You can also take control of
existing weather patterns; an additional Manipulation + Occult
roll (difficulty 7) allows you to direct some phenomenon of the
storm (hailstones, powerful waves, lightning bolts, smashing
winds, etc.) ata specific target. These attacks do (4 health levels
+ the caster's successes); anew roll must be made foreach attack
. Lightning bolts do lethal damage (aggravated if the subject
"botches" the soak roll), otherattacks doeither lethal or bashing
damage depending on their exact effects.

eee Your control over the thunderstorm is absolute.
Great waves surge and crash when you command, and no man
can stand when you send the winds against him. The blizzard
and the drought are your weapons. Elemental attacks sent
against others do 6 health levels + your successes on a Manipu-
lation + Occult roll.

eee © Youcan summon the most destructive of weather
patterns: tornadoes, hurricanes and monsoons, killing frosts, dust
storms, lethal heat waves and raging thunderstorms. Their elemen-
tal attacks can kill even the most powerful of men; attacks do a base
of 8 health levels + successes rolled. Storms of this magnitude will
disrupt local weather patterns for weeks or even months after the

storm itself fades away; the faster the storm is summoned the more
extreme the aftermath and disruptions.

Speed
. The changes you request will happen... eventu-

ally. Depending on the severity of the change, it
might take anywhere from minutes to a week or
more for the weather you summon to arrive.

y

j

ve uf Ver yy a Pa \, ie) ‘is
' nit Att aH YEA iW MAR OEAR

+e og

}

(_ ~
a
—_ — =

Minor manipulations of the local weather occur
within a few seconds or minutes of your enacting
the change. Major changes still take long periods
of time to take effect, depending on the severity
of the shift.
‘Small changes take effect within a minute of your
calling them, and larger changes require only a
few hours to a day to take effect. The most
extreme of shifts in weather, however, still take
several days to set up.
Minor changes are almost instantaneous, larger
changes occur within a few hours, and extreme
changes happen in a day or two.
Minor changes occur when and how you ask
them to, larger changes happen in an hour or so,
and even extreme changes usually take place
within a day of you asking for them.
Even the largest of storms come within an hour or
two of your calling them. Summoning a storm
with this kind of speed is guaranteed to mess up
local weather patterns and will certainly attract
large amounts of attention from those who watch
the skies... not to mention weirding out every
meteorologist on the same continent as you are.
Duration
. A fewseconds, nomore, andonlyforminorchanges.
A minute or so. Major changes cannot last this
short a period of time.
A few minutes, maybe half an hour at most.
An hour at most
Several hours, maybe a day.
Up toa week.

eee

. 50 square feet or so. Minor changes only.
Affects about a half-mile area.

A mile or two in size. Extreme changes cannot
take place in this small an area.

coco An area roughly five miles in diameter. All but
the most extreme changes are possible.

eevee An area 20 miles in diameter. Any kind of
changes are possible.

eeeeee =~ Anarea nearly 100 miles in diameter.

PRICE @F FAILURE

Even a simple failure at Weather Control will result in weird
shifts and changes in the local weather patterns; a botch can disrupt
the local weather almost beyond recognition (snow on the Sahara,
droughts in the rain forests, etc.) ormuckup the weather patternsfor
an entire region to a lesser degree. A sorcerer could find himself
summoning up the mother of all hurricanes when he was trying for
a simple thunderstorm or fried in her own thunderbolts.

CHAPTER FOUR: PATHS AND RITUALS 87
AS: ;
MEU Sy MRT! Pa Bab it
{ ae Ney pe 3
sw 2A, Uh, tS

LIN A

4

.



MADD

While some few people study for years to
unlock mystic potential, a few are born with
an innate sense of the strange — the vague
feeling that some deeper understanding lurks
in the mind or the body, a visceral awareness
of the intangible energies around them.
Whether psychic phenomena are some sort of
intuitive sorcery or an altogether different
plane of understanding, nobody knows. In-
deed, little is conclusively known about psychic

SUR MALES

TA,

é CELA,

LT Te TR AT

powers; few people believe in them, and fewer still have any
sort of talent with them. The mysteries of the psychic world,
it seems, will not fall readily to analysis.

Those who make a study of psychic powers, whether
through science or mysticism, note many different realms of
empathy, extrasensory perception, manipulation and detec-
tion. What most psychic powers have in common is their
means of use: The majority of psychics find that concentra-
tion and visualization are the most important tools for their
abilities. While such tools are also necessary components of

CHAPTER FIVE PSYCHIC PHENGITIENA 89
"wr cA
is vad HT "wit At Us db hy

Ti ge:

He
ie


aN

sorcery, few psychics feel a need for outside rituals or devices.
Manysimply extend a hand orclose their eyes and exert their
will, and something happens.

For most psychics, control remains rudimentary and
haphazard. Psychic phenomena remain far from reliable or
repeatable, in many cases. Under stress or test conditions
many powers seem to fade or fail, and even a practiced
psychic can rarely exert power with reliable precision. Some-
times, a power exceeds expectation; other times, it simply
won't seem to come to the fore.

Theories of psychic development abound, of course,
among those who make study of such things: Throwbacks to
Atlantean forbears; alien intervention; the next step in
human evolution; mutants; spiritual entities — the theories
are nearly as wild and diverse as the powers themselves. In
the meantime, the psychics hidden among the populace find
their powers a mixed blessing, perhapsan insight into a wider
and more maddening world.

PSYCHICS. AS SORCERERS
(@R CHI ERS OR
WHAT-HAVE-You)

Whether psychics are truly distinct from sorcerers or are
simply a separate brand of them remainsa matter of dispute. The
very unreliability of psychic phenomena makes classification
difficult. These rules assume that psychics are something rela-
tively distinct, people whose minds or spirits give them access to
unusual powers that are notexactly magical but far from normal.
If you prefer, though, you can use something resembling more
of a unified system: Just assume that a psychic is essentially
manipulating the same powers as a sorcerer, but in a different
way— through focus and concentration alone, maybe with one
or twosmall items to focus the will but without elaborate rituals,
tools or spiritual aides. In such a case, simply allow the full range
of psychic and sorcerous abilities to overlap, and let characters
learn either — the only difference is that the psychic uses fierce
concentration (and lots of Willpower), while the sorcerer relies
more upon tools. Conversely, if you wish to maintain a separate
"feel" between sorcery and psychic phenomena, assume the
separation between the sorts of powers and the idea that the two
are totally different disciplines.

PREVI@US \X/ @RKS

Previously published works have listed a single psychic
ability here and there, hidden kernels of psychic power
among other magical abilities. While this list is far from
complete (Hey, where's the ability to psychically turn eggs into
elephants?), it does attempt to cover the range of psychic
phenomena. Additionally, some of the abilities listed do not
match previously published versions. Players and Storytell-
ersshould work together to decide which version they prefer.

ANIMAL PSYCHICS

The guard dog snarled. Hot drool dripped from its muzzle,
and Kevin could almost count the teeth in the Rottweiler's mouth.

BUT \W/ANNA TELEPORT To ITIARS...

Players familiar with the White Wolf game Trinity
will notice a difference between the powers and power
levels available in this handbook and those presented in
that game.

Good. Glad you were paying attention.

The World of Trinity and the World of Darkness
are two distinct places. The higher power levels of
Trinity fit that game world. Similarly, the eerie, some-
what unreliable psychic phenomena described here are
more suited to the World of Darkness.

With that caveat, players and Storytellers inter-
ested in psychic phenomena should check out Trinity,

ially the freeform psi system described in the
rinity Players Guide.

Oh, remember one thing, though: The World of
Darkness a game of moder horror in a world almost our
own. Really cinematic psychic powers don't fit into the
feel of the game. Psychic phenomena should be mystt
tious and unreliable.

"Good dog," he whispered. The dog's expression changed imme-
diately. He sat down and let Kevin scratch him behind the ears.
"That's agood boy." Kevin waved for his companions to join him.
Kevin chucked the dog under his chin. The formerly fierce
junkyard dog licked Kevin's palm. With his other hand, Kevin
reached in his pocket. "Got a treat for you."

While most psychic abilities affect other humans, some
psychics use their talents on the "lower" animals. The actual
method of communication may vary. Some psychics bark or
growl at the animal. Others use dressage gestures, even if the
animal has never even seen a trainer before. A few simply
speak their native language (or even an imaginary one) and
hear the animal speak it back to them. Animals may commu-
nicate with the psychic, though the information they relate
should be limited by their intelligence and perceptions.

Animal psychics may use their power on any mammal,
lizard or bird with no change in the difficulty. In fact, highly
intelligent animals (chimpanzees, dolphins, gorillas) or well-
trained animals (dogs, horses, circus or show animals) are more
susceptible to Animal Psychic. At the Storyteller's discretion,
reduce the difficulty by one or two. Fish are harder to control;
increase the difficulty by two. Insect minds are too simple (or
perhaps too different) for the psychic to affect.

Roll: Charisma + Animal Ken

© Communication: The psychic may "speak" witha single
animal, allowing two-way communication with the beast. This
communication does not give the psychic control over the
animal, though misunderstandings may be explained away. Roll
at difficulty 6.

© Command: The psychic can command the animal to
perform for him. The animal will not endanger itself for the
psychic. However, it can do any trick the psychic can

l ‘
hic a
tes) ur if


adequately describe. Under certain circumstances, an animal will attack for
the psychic, though it would be under circumstances where the
animal had some proclivity toward attacking in the first place. A
police dog might bring someone to the ground, ora hungry tiger ¢f
might go after a hunter. Roll at difficulty 7, with modifiers
depending upon the complexity of the command (plus one for
a rather complex command or one to which the animal is
ambivalent; minus one for something it would do anyway).

© © Mass Communication: This power works like the Commu-
nication power, though it now works on all animals within earshot.
Additionally, the psychic may communicate with multiple types of animals
simultaneously. Roll at difficulty 6, plus one for each additional species of
animal in the area of communication.

@¢¢ Mind Link: With this power, the psychic joins his mind with that
of a single animal. Once the link is established, the psychic's and the
animal's minds are linked until the psychic drops the connection. While
linked, the psychic can perceived whatever the animal perceives. She
can also communicate with the animal, using any of the lesser Animal
Psychic powers, with the difficulty reduced by one. The drawback to this
power is that if the animal is injured, the mental feedback injures the
psychic. For every lethal wound level the animal takes, the psychic takes
one bashing wound level (soakable normally). Difficulty is 8.

¢¢¢¢¢ Domination: This ability gives the psychic total control
of an animal's mind. It will do whatever the psychic wishes, even at
the cost of its own life. Roll at difficulty 8 and spend 1 Willpower.
The animal will explicitly follow one command. The command
may be conditional ("if somebody attacks me, then kill him") but
can not be conjunctional ("follow the scent of this shirt and
attack him").

AWNTI-PSYCHIC

Zippo looked around at the basement of the abandoned
building. This will burn nicely, he thought, very nicely. He
snapped his fingers. His eyes widened, and he looked down at
his hand. He snapped again and whispered, "bum." His voice
quavered, and he snapped a third time, "bum, damn you."
A voice came from behind him. "Sorry, firebug. Can' tlet you
do that."

Anti-psychic is the rarest psychic talent yet observed.
The psychics' very presence makes even reliable psychic
talents weaken or fail. Sensitives, before their powers fail
them, describe the anti-psychic as generating a "static" in the
mental plane. An anti-psychic cannot purchase additional psy-
chic powers. Due to the subtle nature of their powers, most
anti-psychics remain unaware-of their talent until approached or
even attacked by other psychics. Anti-Psychic is useful against all
psychic abilities, as well as the Mind Sphere (though it provides only a
single level of defense against the latter, regardless of the anti-psychic's
power).

The stronger the anti-psychic, the larger the radius affected. Anti-Psychic
isn't "activated" in the fashion of other powers; rather, it always clouds those
around the anti-psychic, adding its level to the difficulty of all psychic powers
in the area. (As usual, pushing a difficulty past 9 generates a threshold for
successes.) With a roll of Intelligence + Meditation (difficulty 7) an anti-
psychic may dampen this aura down one level per success rolled; this allows

Wii

Ls
ee
i

CHAPTER FIVE PSYCHIC PHENGINENA )
fas Par i
CUO TELUS MRT SL a Gy

#4?
al

"YEE vt \

Pere: ee eee |

we
a 3 ©
ney all 4


iy

Re eae ee a
aiely so hirdeng

i &,

yo»)

Coe

the anti-psychic some attempt at controlling the power. At the
Storyteller's discretion, the expenditure ofa point of Willpower
may allow the anti-psychic to suppress his power completely for
a turn or let him focus it against a single opponent instead of a
large area. Of course, the anti-psychic must first learn of his
power, what it is, how to channel it and how to meditate upon
its use before any such attempts are even possible, but that's par
for the course with psychic phenomena.

. 5-yard radius.

oe 10-yard radius.
15-yard radius.
20-yard radius.
eeeee 25-yard radius.

ASTRAL PROJECTION

Inthe back seat of the car, Karla's body twitched as her spirit
reunited with her body. She wiped her mouth and stretched. John
handed her a can of soda and quietly asked, "So, was the tip for
real?" Karla gulped hungrily for the liquid and nodded. "Yuppers.
Mister Vice-President for Marketing is doing more than dictation
with his secretary. His wife can call her lawyers. The hotel receipts
should give us all the proof they need."

The power of Astral Projection allows the psychic to
split his spirit off from his body. The discarnate spirit can
travel very quickly in this form. The spirit intangibly travels
across planes of thought while still able to look in on the
physical world. While in astral form, the psychic cannot
physically affect the real world, though he may use other

Ly) S@RCERER

psychic abilities (the difficulty numbers for doing so are
increased by two). However, while away from his body, he
cannot perceive what is happening to it. Many out-of-body
travelers have nightmares about someone moving or harm-
ing their physical self while their spirit is roaming free.

Twoastrally projecting characters may affect each other,
though for purposes of astral combat, they substitute their
Wits for Dexterity, their Intelligence for Strength and their
Perception for Stamina. Some astrally projecting psychics
could once perceive ghosts and certain spirits, but most such
spirits now appear as blurry forms, barely in the realm of
perception. In general, an astral spirit can see the material
world or other abstract spirits in the realm of thought; ghosts
of the dead and the like usually remain imperceptible except
to those psychics who also have some mediumship abilities.

To release the astral form, the player spends one point
of Willpower and rolls for the power. Should the player
botch while attempting to have his characters step outside
his body, the psychic is unable to leave his body for 24 hours.
Pyschics who frequent the astral plane whisper that other
entities sometimes intrude there, human or otherwise, and
on some occasions find their souls drawn to strange spirit
worlds far removed from the mortal plane. A few never find
their way back. Caution is the rule when exploring planes
unknown to humans.

Roll: Perception +"Meditation (difficulty 8)

© With only rudimentary awareness of astral existence,
the psychic can shift her senses to feel the astral realm but


cannot quite enter it. The psychic sees the astral realm
overlaid upon the normal physical world. Some psychics
prefer to close their eyes and visualize the astral plane, while
others have no difficulty watching both. A psychic may view
the astral realm for so long as she maintains her concentra-
tion upon it.

© The character can leave her body for one minute per
pointof Stamina. While in astral form, she can only perceive
by sight. She is also limited to traveling approximately one
mile away from her body.

eee The character can leave her body for up to 10
minutes per point of Stamina. She gains the ability to hear
in astral form and can travel up to 100 miles from her body.

© ¢¢ The psychic can now leave her body for up to an
hour per point of Stamina and travel up to 1,000 miles away.
Each additional hour out of her body after the first requires
the expenditure of a point of Willpower. If the player
succeeds on a Charisma + Occult roll (difficulty 8), the
psychic can manifest visually to observers as a translucent,
ghostly apparition, though the projector cannot communi-
cate verbally with observers.

eee The psychic may astrally travel anywhere in the
world, so long as her body remains healthy, and she may use all
of her senses normally. The psychic's form (should she choose
to manifest, using the same roll previously noted) appears as a
blurry and translucent version of her usual physical appearance,
somewhat idealized. While manifest, the projector can speak,
though only in a soft whisper. Like her visual appearance, her
speech does not appear on recordings.

BI@CONTROL

The dollar bills piled up on the bar. Five sorely drunken men,
one only acting somewhat tipsy, stood in a loose circle. "Last one
to drop it gets the kitty," confirmed the sober one. "One... two...
three!" Six matches flickered to life, pinched between clenched
fingers. As the flame traveled down the cheap paper, one by one,
the matches dropped. At the last, one drunken man and one sober
one held flickering flames between their fingers. Gasping in pain,
the last drunk dropped his match.

"Suambitch huets!" His eyes widened. "How you doing that, Phil?"

The sober Phil watched the match flicker out between his
thumb and forefinger. "Practice."

Most psychics turn their paranormal abilities outward,
sensing things beyond normal perceptions or controlling
them with their wills. Other psychics turn their powers
inward. Psychics with Biocontrol regulate their autonomic
nervous systems with the ease that others tie their shoes.
Proper use of Biocontrol allows a psychic to shut down pain,
regulate his internal organs or even direct the flow of blood
and glandular secretions at will. While some otherwise
normal people learn basic techniques of biofeedback, the
truly talented psychic can perform marvels beyond all but
the most dedicated meditative disciple.

Roll: Stamina + Meditation

a ut ‘ger Ht

Ja | ae

© Self-Control: The psychic has power over his body to
a basic degree. By entering a self-induced hypnotic state, he
controls basic functions. He can stop a small cut from
bleeding, ignore small amounts of pain or hold his breath
longer than he would be able to under normal circumstances.
Rollat difficulty 6 for the effect to succeed. While in this self-
imposed trance, the psychic can do nothing else but focus on
his body. He remains peripherally aware of their surround-
ings but can bring himself out of the trance at will.

© © Self-Healing: By maintaining his internal focus over
a long period of time, the psychic accelerates the healing
process. Psychics with self-healing recover at a vastly accel-
erated rate, as their bodily controls allow them to more
efficiently reknit flesh and fight off infections. Roll at diffi-
culty 7, though the current wound penalty does apply to the
dice pool. Every success reduces the time for the wound to
heal by one stage on the healing chart (see page 247 of Mage:
The Ascension). The character must spend his time resting
comfortably (preferably under some sort of medical care) for
the power to work. For instance, if Raymond was Mauled, he
would roll his Stamina + Meditation minus two dice. If he
scored 3 successes, he would heal from Mauled to Wounded
in three days. He could then roll again to heal from Wounded
to Injured.

© © Hysterical Strength: The psychic gains control of
hisadrenal glands, allowing brief periods of hysterical strength
and speed. The player rolls at difficulty 8. Every two successes
on the roll gives the character one additional point to
Strength, Dexterity or Stamina up, to a maximum of five
dots in any characteristic. The effect lasts one scene, after
which the player must roll again at difficulty 6 to "soak" these
successes in bashing damage — as the psychic "comes down"
from the hysterical episode, his body responds to the exces-
sive stress and pain. (Some psychics see this more as a form
of channeled energy than as a scientific methodology and
might well have Hysterical Strength without any glandular
response. The results are the same.)

© © Ignore Pain Response: The psychic has the ability
toshutoffhis pain centers fora brief period of time. This does
not heal any damage, though it does let him function while
injured. Roll against difficulty 7. Every success allows the
psychic to ignore one die of wound penalties for one scene.
Atthe end of the scene, the wound modifiers return, and the
character cannot deflect away the pain again until he has
healed at least one wound level.
© Mind Over Matter: The character's control of
his body is complete. At will, he can stop his own heart,
suspend the need for oxygen, regulate digestive functions,
control the immune system and accelerate or suppress cell
growth, regeneration or processing. In effect, the psychic can
direct her body consciously to perform feats of biology almost
as if her cells responded individually to her mind. The
psychic can nullify most toxins with a difficulty 8 roll,
though sufficiently large doses (like a quart of mercury)
would overwhelm his system. He can fight off just about any

CHAPTER FIVE Sapa PHENGITIENA
-
Leg Vt, (a Mak

z tt. yeh 3%,
ny Yi ie Sat ath

it inant

4,3

ERA ry

r &

/.

Via

N
b *. -


§

Utr

Vaan

&

A? Meets =

—_
mundane disease, allergen or irritant and can even try to
counteract severe diseases like HIV or cancer (again, at
difficulty 8). With pain control (previous), he can flex and
contort his body into unnatural positions and slip out of
bonds or into tight spaces. He can hold his breath for minutes
at a time while remaining active and, if necessary, can
actively redirect toxins to other parts of the body — so he
might be able to keep his mind and hands working by
shunting the effects of poison gas all into his legs. The
psychic can, if he prepares his body against trauma, gain a
normal Stamina soak against any sort of damage, even
aggravated (difficulty 8; successes determine the maximum
number of dice that the psychic can use to soak lethal or
aggravated damage for the scene, not counting armor or
other external modifiers).

CHANNELING

Mrs. Jefferson slowly walked from the grocery store to the
bus stop. The bags were heavy and, once again, the bag boys
pointedly didn't offer to help her carry them. "Kids today," she
thought. "Momma, you must be laughing at me up in Heaven. I
deserve it, I do." A screech of breaks and a wet, meaty thump
pulled her from her reverie. The SUV and the pedestrian met, and
the SUV won. On the street, a young boy bled from multiple
injuries. His skateboard lay in the bushes nearby. Mrs. Jefferson
prayed to herself, "Doctor West, that boy needs your help." She
felt Dr. West's hands move her arthritic fingers as she/he walked
purposefully toward the scene. She snatched the telephone from
the driver of SUV and hung up on his lawyer. Grimacing at the
pains shooting through her knees, she knelt down by the boy and
dialed 911. With adeeper voice, she spoke into the phone. "Hello.
I'm at the comer of Murphy and Highway 6. We have a
pedestrian versus auto. Trauma to the head, chest and left arm.
Pulse is weak. Stomach feels rigid. The EMTs should be ready
with a lavage kit. " Mrs. Jefferson let Dr. West help the boy,
though in the back of her head, she fretted about her groceries.

Some psychics have the ability to draw upon the knowl-
edge of those who have passed on. Channelers tap the
knowledge and experience of the dead, briefly obtaining
skills that they personally lack. Some psychics have a reper-
toire of spirits they can call on for help and assistance. Others
claim that they tap the collective unconscious.

While the source of knowledge varies, the effects re-
main the same. The player rolls the Channeling pool
(difficulty 7); every success gives the character one dot of the
Talent, Skill or Knowledge desired for the remainder of the
scene. On a botch, the channeler has opened herself up too
widely to the spirit planes; she may summon a malevolent
entity that tries to control her actions, lose some of her usual
Abilities as her personality is lost in the influx or simply find
herself unable to reach her usual channeling talents fora day,
sometimes more.

Note that only one personality may be channeled at a
time. Thus, a channeler cannot "stack" additional dots by
channeling multiple personalities at a time.

Roll: Perception + Awareness

a SORCERER
4 a ey 4 i

ti

ya ee

CT ES

© The character can channel once per day. She has a
vague sense of other personalities floating about and of the
existence of some sort of consciousness beyond the body, but
that's about all.

© The character can channel two times per day. She
also can, against a difficulty equal to the Gauntlet, see briefly
into the Shadowlands where ghosts live. She can communi-
cate with ghosts for one minute per success rolled.

eee The character can channel three times per day.
She can also see into the Shadowlands for an entire scene by
rolling against a difficulty of the Gauntlet.

eee Ar this level and beyond there's no limit to how
often the character can channel, though the difficulty in-
creases by one foreach time after the third until the character
sleeps. She also can let ghosts skilled in the arts of possession
(called "Puppetry" by wraiths) easily enter her body to use all
of her skills. The medium retains full awareness of the
wraith's actions. She can also eject a possessing wraith by
winning a contest of Willpower against the ghost in ques-
tion; each attempt costs one Willpower point and takes a full
turn of struggling.

eee The psychic can channel two disparate person-
alities at once (and thus the player can roll Channeling twice
and add to determine Ability dots gained). As before, there's
no effective limit to how often the character can channel at
this point, though successive attempts become more difficult
until the psychic has a full sleep cycle. When possessed by a
ghost, the channeler often gains some memories from the
ghost, beyond what the possessor might do or tell — while a
weaker channeler might hope that the ghost says or does
something significant, the master channeler can access some
of the ghost's own memories and passions (in game terms,
the channeler gains a sense of the ghost's Nature, Demeanor
and driving concerns).

CLAIRV@YANCE

"Six... seven... hard to tell. Something just on the edge,
there, can't quite make it out...." Paul squeezed his already-shut
eyes harder, sweat beading on his forehead. "The tall one... he's
there. He's motioning with something. Saying something. It's...
looks like money, but it's colored strangely... no, it's some kind
of diagram. A plan! A blueprint!"

Paul looked exhausted as he opened his eyes. "Valent's got
the plans. We have to move tonight!"

A clairvoyant has the ability to cast his senses away,
allowing him to perceive people, places or things at great
distances. Though technically Clairvoyance refers specifi-
cally to remote sight, some psychics can also cast forth their
hearing or other senses as well. Unlike astral projection, the
clairsentient does not separate his consciousness from his
body; he remains aware of what's going on around him
(though this can be very confusing if the psychic tries to
concentrate upon two locations at once). Similarly, the
clairvoyant does not travel through the intervening space —
he simply perceives whatever happens at the target site as if
he stood there.

a ¥ dual? ic

aime. / Ee

The degree of familiarity the psychic has with the target
may raise or lower the difficulty (by plus or minus one or
two). Once the clairvoyant "locks on" to a target, he can
then "pan" his view around, allowing him to see just about
anything in the immediate area. The limits of their percep-
tions are the immediate area in question. If the character
wishes to see beyond that area, he must refocus, and the
player must make a new roll. For example, a character
looking into a room in another house could see anything in
that room. However, to switch perceptions into the hall
outside would require a second roll. The clairvoyant cannot
perceive anything he could not perceive with his normal
senses. Thus, if the target area is completely darkened,
remote sight does no good.

Roll: Perception + Awareness (difficulty 8)

© The character can see things, though the images are
hazyand dreamlike. The character can extend his senses into
just the immediate area, approximately a mile from his body.

© The character can see clearly through remote sight
and can faintly hear. The range of perception is now any-
where in the immediate five to 10 miles, depending on the
number of successes (1 success = 5 miles, 2 successes = 6
miles, etc.).

eee The character can see and hear clearly at a dis-
tance. He can also "touch" things at the remote site, though
his sense of touch is vague, as if he were wearing heavy
gloves. (He cannot move things, naturally.) The character's
range expands to 10 miles per success rolled.

eee The character can clearly see, hear and touch at
range. Additionally, he can detect strong odors. The range
is 100 miles per success.

e000 The character can use all five senses clearly and can
perceive things up to 1,000 miles away per success rolled.

CYBERKINESIS

"Okay gentlemen, new perp to keep your eyes peeled for.
Someone's been hitting the ATM machines downtown. He's
clipped about $17,000 so far. Nobody's seen anything, and the
internal recorders are blanking out. We're thinking he's dressed
as a repairman so nobody notices him cracking the things open.
Folks in robbery are looking into the bank services people to see if
one of them has a grudge, or some disgruntled employee.

"All right, that's it. Let's be careful out there."

A relatively new talent, Cyberkinesis is the ability to
control electronic machinery with one's mind. Paranormal
researchers believe that Cyberkinesis is a specialized applica-
tion of telekinesis. The cyberkinetic generates small-scale
electromagnetic fields that alter the operating systems of
computers and other electronic equipment (stereo systems,
burglar alarms, etc.). However, while the psychic can con-
trol the machine, he cannot "read its mind." That is a
separate power: Cyberpathy. For all powers above Level
One, he must be able to see what he is doing, generally
through a monitor or display readout. In effect, acyberkinetic
can send information to a machine but must read it back
normally (or with Cyberpathy).

Roll: Manipulation + Computer

© Switch: The cyberkinetic possesses the ability to
switch computers or easily operated electronic equipment
off and on. Roll at difficulty 6 for machines switched by
electronic relays, difficulty 8 for switches that rely on physi-
cal relays.

© Link: The psychic may operate the electronic equip-
ment without touching it, as if by remote control. This does
not give him any override codes or passwords. He could enter
a password without typing it at the keyboard, but he could
not login to the machine without a valid password. Roll
against difficulty 4 or 5 for simple acts like programming a
VCR or entering data into a word processor. Very complex
actions require higher difficulty numbers, such as 7 for
driving a car with power steering or 9 for a computer
controlled factory.

ee Scramble: The character possesses the ability to
send microscale power surges through computers, giving
them the equivalent of an epileptic seizure. Computers lock
up. Video equipment displays snow, and recording equip-
ment picks up nothing but static. The scrambling effect lasts
as long as the cyberkinetic concentrates upon it. When the
effect lapses, the machines return to normal operation,
though some less robust operating systems will crash. Roll
against difficulty 7, though complex systems may require an
8or9.

© Password: The cyberkinetic overrides the operating
system of computers, essentially giving himself any password or
code he desires. He can force the computer to do anything the
normal operating system is capable of performing. He could, for
instance, create administrator access for himself, erase data or
forge e-mail from anyone with an account on the system. Roll
against difficulty 7 for ordinary desktop machines, difficulty 8 or
9 for machines with high degrees of security or other intrusion
countermeasures.

e@eeee Run Hot: The psychic has such control of
electronics that he can effectively "reprogram" the computer
to exceed its normal abilities. A computer calculates faster,
a robot arm lifts more, a laser burns hotter. Roll against
difficulty 8. Every success gives the psychic an extra success
to apply to his next use of the machine. However, every
success also does one "health level" of damage to the ma-
chine. Apply the wound penalties to the device's subsequent
functions until it is repaired.

CYBERPATHY

"You're one of our best programmers, Sridhar, but your
work habits are inexcusable. You come in late. You sneer at the
dress codes. You don't follow the company style guides for your
code. You've been caught spending company time at that chat-
room. And you play your music too loud. What have you got to
say for yourself?"

"Atleast I don't spend company time e-mailing my mistress.
Wouldn't your wife like to know about Vanessa?"

"What? How did you—?"

CHAPTER FIVE PSYCHIC PHEN@INENA 95

Pea 8

é
i


Sar eR ieee:

- 7 7. ho

Sridhar shrugged. He leaned back in his chair and kicked his
feet up on his boss' desk, right on top of the laptop. "Let's talk
about my raise instead."

While a cyberkinetic possesses the ability to control
electronic equipment, the cyberpath can read the data
stored on the computer. Researchers believe that the method
for reading magnetic patterns in a computer's memory or on
a hard drive resembles the way telepaths read the electrical
impulses of the human brain.

All uses of Cyberpathy require the psychic to be within
sight of the computer. Characters using Remote Access do
not have to be able to see the remote computers they are

LN pe

data. The data can be on a computer (either locally or one
connected to via Remote Access) or Downloaded into the
psychic's mind.

ECTOPLASITIIC GENERATION

The teenagers ran out of the house, screaming for someone,
anyone, to help them. From her hiding place in the attic, Barbara
chuckled to herself. Her "Freaky Phantoms," as the skinny kid called
them, worked like a charm. She let her concentration lapse, and
throughout the house, fearsome creatures of smoke and shadow
dissolved, leaving only a thick, oily residue to show where they had
been. Barbara flipped open her cell phone. "Barb here. Yeah, those

~ linking to, but they must be able to see the machine they're meddling kids won't be coming back for some time."

&; using as an entry point. In all cases, the difficulty depends Among the more freakish psychic phenomena, Ectoplas-
<I> —_upon the system complexity: difficulty 6 forstandarddesktop _ mic Generation coalesces the stuff of spirits — plasm— intoa
SH computers to difficulty 9 for heavily encrypted systems. This tangible form. Through force of will and personality, the psychic

tugs on ghostly energies and makes them solid. Most often, this
manifests as a mucusy gel, though skilled psychics can disperse
itor concentrate it to make oddly glistening webs, sticky vapors
and the like. Such creations are rather disturbing and corre-
spond tono known physical chemistry; indeed, ectoplasm tends
to "dissolve" into the nothingness of the Underworld after a

ik

fy
fi
a

ability can also be used to read the data stored on diskettes,
tapes or other digital media. Difficulty is 6 for ordinary
storage media, 8 for encrypted data. Generally speaking,
these powers take 10 to 15 minutes to use, though the
cyberpath can use successes from the roll to reduce the time

at

x
=— ae

by a minute per success.

Roll: Perception + Computer

© Analyze Structure: At this level, the cyberpath pos-
sesses the ability to examine the directory structure of the
computer. He can see what files are stored on the hard drive
but cannot access them. This can be useful to cyberpath
hackers looking for a specific piece of data.

©* Read-Only Mode: The cyberpath not only can
travel the directory structure but can read the files. Simple
text and graphics files are easy to comprehend. Additionally,
he can grasp the functions of executable programs. Un-
scrambling encrypted files remains beyond him at this level.

#¢@ Download: The psychic can "copy" a file from a
‘computer to his mind, writing the data in unused sections of his
brain. While he can read text files, observe graphics or sound
files and understand the nature of an executable program, he
cannot "run" the program in his brain. With the Level Two
Cyberkinesis power Link, the cyberpath can upload the data
back onto another computer. The cyberpath can download one
program or file into his mind for every dot in Mental Attributes
he possesses. (Example: Sridhar has Perception 3, Intelligence
4 and Wits 3. He can keep up to 10 files in his head.) The
Storyteller should decide how much data constitutes a single
file. Some large files such as operating system kernels, large
software packages or large movie files may take up more than
one "file" in the cyberpath's head.

eee Remote Access: With this power, the cyberpath
connects to any computer that his local computer connects
to. The cyberpath has no additional powers beyond the
ability to treat a remote computer as if it were sitting on his
desktop. For every "hop" between computers, the cyberpath
loses 1 die off his pools.

@ © ¢¢ © Decrypt: The cyberpath's understanding of com-
puters progresses to the point where he can decrypt encrypted

short time and defies scientific analysis.

For wraiths, all ectoplasmic creations are solid. They
cannot pass through ectoplasmic mists. Psychics who attack
wraiths with ectoplasmic entities do full damage to the
ghosts, although they would need some way of perceiving the
dead in their "Shadowlands."

Roll: Charisma + Occult

* The Big Sneeze: The psychic can summon up some
strands of snotty material. The ectoplasm created by this
power wells out of the psychic's orifices or follows in the
wake of her touch, leaving slimy, glistening trails. Each
success scored causes the psychic to leave a slime trail that
lasts for one turn. This goo is disturbing and nasty but has no
deleterious effects. Summoning up this goo only has a diffi-
culty of 5. The psychic can also vaguely summon ectoplasmic
fog. The thick white mist boils out of the psychic's eyes, nose
and mouth. This cloud generated is vaguely spherical and
hasadiameter of about five feet, plus one foot in diameter per
success rolled in generating it. The cloud hangs in midair in
front of the psychic and does not move. The cloud slowly
dissolves, leaving oily, viscous goo behind. In still air, the
cloud lasts two turns, plus one turn per success rolled. A stiff
wind will disperse the cloud in half the time. The difficulty
to raise such a cloud is only 6.

© The Mists: The psychic's control of the ectoplasmic
cloud coalesces and the cloud begins to obey the commands
of the summoner. The cloud no longer disperses in wind and
lasts as long as the summoner concentrates on it. If kept in
asphere, the fog would have a radius of five feet, plus one foot
per success rolled in generating it. However, the psychic has
rudimentary control over the shape of the fog, though it is
merely basic control. No complex shapes can be formed, yet.
The cloud initially appears in front of the psychic, though

"


the cloud can move five feet per round, if the summoner
desires. Once the psychic's concentration lapses, the cloud
dissolves in five rounds. Difficulty is 7.

@@@ "A Fog So Thick...": By investing a greater portion
of her will in the ectoplasmic cloud, it becomes solid to the
touch. The cloud itself feels like cotton candy and requires
a Strength roll (difficulty 6) to pass through. If the roll
succeeds, the character travels at one-quarter of normal
speed. Attacking the fog with normal weapons rarely does
any good. Bullets, blades and fists may shift the solid ecto-
plasm, but cannot break it down. To generate the fog, the
player rolls against difficulty 8. The fog appears in front of the
summoner and does not move. The psychic shapes the
ectoplasmic wall at the time of creation, though the total
volume of ectoplasm would be a sphere with a radius of five
feet plus one foot for every two successes rolled. The cloud
remains solid so long as the psychic concentrates upon it.
When concentration lapses, the cloud remains (though no
longer solid) for three rounds.

eee Dream Shaper: The psychic's greater control of
her ectoplasm allows her to mold it into complex shapes.
The ectoplasmic creation may look like anything the psy-
chic wishes, though the ectoplasm remains a dull white
color. The summoner creates the shape near her. Roll
against difficulty 8. Once created, the shape moves at 10
yards per turn. During creation, the psychic gets one point
for every success rolled to divide among the creation's
physical characteristics.

(Example: Matthew gets 4 successes to generate the ecto-
plasmic creature. He has four points to divide among the three
physical characteristics. Because he wants the creation to pick
up and carry his groceries, he gives it two points of Strength and
two of Dexterity. It has a Stamina of zero, so any damage, even
bashing damage, causes the creation to dissipate.)

The dense ectoplasm takes bashing damage from bullets
and cutting weapons and lethal damage from impacts and
fire (or other environmental effects). Its bashing soak is
determined by its Stamina, and it has no lethal soak. It has
three bashing health levels. If the creation takes any lethal
damage (including lethal damage from bashing overflow), it
disappears. The creation is a puppet, controlled by the will
of the psychic. It cannot travel outside of the psychic's
perceptions or perceive anything the psychic does not per-
ceive. If the psychic's concentration lapses, the creation
vanishes in a puff of smoke.
© Tulpa: By a powerful investment of mental
energy, the psychic creates an ectoplasmic extension of his
will. Unlike the Dream Shape, the Tulpa possesses rudimen-
tary intelligence. The psychic spends a point of Willpower
and rolls Charisma + Meditation (difficulty 7). The psychic
can spend additional points of Willpower and create the
Tulpa as an extended action. Every success generates 3
points. The points can be spent as:

pa gs f ess, A

Cais) THE

CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHENGITIENA 97


7,

— S47 a= EL

we — oS Re i ym

Dot of Physical Attribute 1 point
Dot of Mental Attribute 2 points
(cannot exceed the creator's

Mental Attributes)

Health level 1 point
Extra senses 1 point
(the creation gets one sense

at creation if given any Mental

characteristics)

Extra movement 1 point / yard
(the creation flies as fast as

a person can run, based

on its Dexterity without an

investment of points)

PSYCHIC HYPN@SIS

"Look into my eyes, Mr. Reed. Now relax. And... sleep."
Jane looked at her watch, glad that Mr. Reed was the last client
of the day. "You don't want to smoke anymore. Smoking is bad
for you. When you think of smoking, you will feel ill." Jane picked
up her book and let her client sit there, still in a trance. The clients
didn't believe she had done anything if she took five minutes to help
them, no matter what the results were. She started to read her
novel but looked up after only a paragraph. "Oh, and Mr. Reed.
Pay your bill on time."

Many hypnotists promise results. Some even produce
them. Psychics with hypnotic powers dwarf the abilities of
the best carnival hucksters. Though their abilities lack the
speed of a vampire's mental commands or the effects of the
Mind Sphere, hypnotic psychics achieve many of the same
results, with enough time and effort.

Roll: Manipulation + Expression

© Trance State: The hypnotist can place a willing subject into
a hypnotic trance. While in the trance, the subject's memories
become clearer. He may also exhibit greater control of his physiol-
ogy. Though the hypnotistcannotcommand thesubject, the person
in the trance automatically becomes relaxed and restful. He may (at
the Storyteller's discretion) regain one point of Willpower for every
two successes the hypnotist achieves. The psychic may, if she
chooses, hypnotize herself. Roll against difficulty 6 in either case.
Placing the subject ina trance takesfive tums. The subject willcome
out of the trance if shaken or disturbed.

© © Sideshow Suggestion: After placing the subject ina
deep trance (which takes the usual five turns), the hypnotist
may command the subject to perform actions while in the
trance state, each command taking a round. In the trance
state, the subject will perform any action he would not be
opposed to doing. Additionally, the entranced subject has
far greater control of his autonomic responses. A hypnotized
person could walk on hot coals, require less oxygen to
breathe or even ignore wound penalties. The hypnotist
could also cause the subject to forget previous actions that
happened in the trance state. Roll difficulty 6 for simple
commands, difficulty 7 for embarrassing commands and to


-

ime

forget actions that happen while hypnotized, difficulty 8 for
controlling pain response. The subject will not come out of
the trance until the hypnotist commands.

eee Delayed Action: The subject of the hypnotist's
powers now performs actions commanded once the trance
has been broken. The psychic implants any command or
improved memory recall from the lower levels of hypnosis,
but this time, it is programmed to happen at a certain time.
The commands are implanted as with Sideshow Suggestion,
but the difficulty is raised by one. Every success on the roll
gives the hypnotist one command to implant. Each extra
condition requires a success as well. It takes five turns to
hypnotize the subject, plus one turn per command to pro-
gram them. The hypnotist can make one of the commands
to be to instantly fall into a trance state at a later time.

Example: The Amazing Steve hypnotizes Denise, a
member of the audience. He rolls three successes on his
attempt to hypnotize Denise. He then orders her that, when
someone says the word "rabbit," she will jump on one foot
(the first success), say the word "duck" (the second one) and
then fall back into a trance (the third one). He could also
have told her to jump on one foot when someone says
"rabbit" (the initial success) and then when someone says
the word "carrot" (a second condition, requiring a success)
to spin in place (the third success).

eeee Fast Trance: At this stage, the hypnotist has
become so adept at inducing trances, that he, by a powerful
act of will, may do so with a glance. This costs one Will-
power, and the player must make the normal roll at a
difficulty of the subject's Willpower. If the effect succeeds,
the subject is entranced for one round per success. While the
target is in a trance, the hypnotist can then use any of the
other lesser hypnotic powers on the subject.

eee Manchurian Candidate: With this ability, the
psychic can perform major amounts of brainwashing on the
target. With this level of deep programming, the subject will do
anything the hypnotist commands, even to the point of death.
The target must be placed in a trance, which takes 10 minutes
(and may not be done with a Fast Trance). After that, the
hypnotist spends an hour per command implanted program-
ming the subject. Spend two Willpower and roll Manipulation
+ Leadership (difficulty 7 for commands that are simply against
the target's morals, difficulty 9 for commands that lead to the
subject's death). As in the Delayed Action power, the number
of commands and the number of conditions attached to them
depend on the number of successes.

TTIND SHIELDS

In the dark alley, the pale man leaned over, looked Grace in
the eyes and said, "Don't resist."

With glassy eyes she returned his gaze. "I don't think so," she
answered, the slack look disappearing from her face. The pale
man's eyes widened for just an instant, then froze in horror. With
ameaty "slurp" the stake slid into his chest. Grace snickered at the
transfixed vampire. "Haven't you heard? It's ‘Take Back The
Night' night." With one finger, she poked the vampire, who

toppled over. She reached into her pocket for a lighter. "Wait ‘til
you see my candle."

Some psychics' possess shields that protect their minds
from mental attacks, be they psychic assaults, vampiric Domi-
nation, magic spells or other ensorcelment. The discipline of
the psychic's mind, the confusion of his thoughts or just some
innate talent makes him resistant to outside influence.

This resistance only affects assaults on the psychic's
mind. It would not, for instance, keep a telekinetic from
lifting her or a pyrokinetic from burning her. The psychic
can lower these defenses, though opening them toa friendly
psychic leaves her just as open to a simultaneous mental
attack. At Level Three and above, the psychic may differen-
tiate between "friendly" and "hostile" contacts and use the
shields against some while allowing others to penetrate.

When someone mentally attacks a psychic with Mind
Shields, the target gets to roll a number of dice (difficulty 6)
as a counter-roll. These successes subtract from the effect. If
the defender gets more successes than the attacker, the
attack fails. If a psychic assault normally gets a defense roll
(such as attacks using the Mind Sphere), the psychic adds
the dice in Mind Shields to her defense pool instead.

Level Versus Psychic Powers VersusOtherMental Attacks
e 2 dice ldie
oe 4dice 2 dice
coe 6 dice 3 dice

8 dice 4 dice
eeceee 10dice 5 dice
PREC®@GNITION

Inan opulent comer office, the Vice-President for Acquisitions
spoke on the speakerphone with his broker. "You must be mad,
Chase. Magadon's climbing like King Kong. We can't sell now."

The tired voice on the speaker answered, "And the bubble is
going to burst, Mr. Vice-President. Late today, early tomorrow
at the latest. You're going to take a bath on this. I'm trying to tell
you, but you're not going to listen."

The Vice-President smiled, "Chase, you and the folks at
Insight always steered me straight, but I have an MBA from
Harvard Business School. I know what I'm doing. I'll talk to you
tomorrow." He hung up the phone.

In his Insight Investments office, Chase sighed again. "I
knew he was going to say that."

One of the rarer psychic talents is that of precognition, and
only the singular talent approaches the clarity of vision for
accurate prediction. Seeing the future is difficult, as the prob-
abilitiesshift with each action. The best psychics travel the most
accurate probability tracks, but no seer (except for the fabled
Cassandra) has seen the future with 100 percent accuracy.

Roll: Perception + Awareness

* Intuition: The psychic has yet to develop a clear view
of future events. However, his perception of what is yet to
come begins to take shape. Generally speaking, the power
gives him a bit more luck than the average person, making
him a good guesser. Predictions for random events (lotto

CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHENGITIENA
Beit

ee

ay Bet

,— i \ Les


numbers, roulette numbers) can be quite accurate. Addi-
tionally, guesses in other situations can be equally accurate.
He could choose the shortest route to a place or know that
one person is "right" for another. Roll Perception + Aware-
ness (difficulty 7). The more successes, the better his guesses
will be. Predictions will rarely be 100 percent accurate, even
with five or more successes on the roll.

© Insight: The psychic possesses the ability to induce
precognitive dreamlike visions. These visions are never
literal interpretations of the future but metaphoric impres-
sions of what is to come. An enemy might be revealed as a
black knight or an evil gunslinger. A new friend might
appear as a guide dog. The form of the dream generally
depends on the mindset of the psychic. A New Age crystal
reader's visions would differ from those of a Wall Street
financier. The detail of the vision depends on the number of
successes the player rolls on a Perception + Awareness
(difficulty 7) roll. The more successes rolled, the more
accurate the vision is, though it remains a metaphor.

Example: Chase, a financial counselor for Insight Invest-
ments attempts to see if a certain tech stock is going to do well in
the upcoming quarter. He rolls 3 successes on his Perception +
Awareness roll. That's a "complete success" so the vision should
be accurate. The Storyteller decides to tell him that he sees a robot
with the company logo climbing a silicon mountain. The robot
loses its grip at one point but then continues up the mountain. The
stock is going to dip in value in the future but will rally back and
continue to increase in value.

ee Danger Sense: The psychic's perceptions of the
future give her a psychic early warning system. This mani-
fests.as raised hackles, tingling sensations, flashes of violence
or some other system, but it's usually consistent for a given
psychic —one might have flashes while another has cramps,
but they both always have the same sign.

This ability remains up all the time, though Anti-
Psychic (or certain Time and Mind magics) can suppress or
subvert the talent. If the character is about to be in danger
(perhaps someone is laying in ambush or a weak link holding
an overhead chandelier is about to snap), the Storyteller
rolls Perception + Alertness (difficulty 6) and consults the
table below.

Number of Successes Effect

Botch The character remains unaware of the
danger and is distracted by a hunch or
feeling that places the character in an
inconvenient situation — perhaps hesi-
tating right in the perfect line of fire foran
ambusher or the like.

The character's danger sense simply fails.
No special intuition warns the character
this time.

None

The character knows she is in danger, but
none of the details of the specific danger.
The character knows she is in danger and
what she should do to avoid it. (Duck,

dive for cover, etc.) This allows the char-
acter a dodge even against an ambush.
The character knows she is in danger, how
to avoid it and the exact source of the
danger. This allows a dodge with a one-
point bonus on the difficulty and gives the
psychic a "feeling" of the direction of the
trap or attacker for a moment.
The character knows the details of the
danger and has an extra turn of warning.
In effect, the danger actually happens one
turn later. This gives the psychic a turn to
act, prepare, fall back, whatever.
The character also gets a psychic impres-
sion of the person responsible for the
danger, if any. She would recognize the
person should she see him.

eee Show Me the Cards: Though accurate predic-
tions of the far future remain out of the character's grasp, she
does have an almost perfect view of the immediate future.
Roll the usual Precognitive ability (difficulty 8), every suc-
cess allows her to see one turn into the future. All other
players and the Storyteller must announce their general
future plans and goals for as many turns as the precog rolled.
If, by knowing the future, the precog changes her plans, then
the future is changed, and thus, the character would have to
try again to see what new plans would be made. For instance,
in the middle of a firefight, the precog ducks behind cover,
no longer making herself a target to a sniper. The sniper had
announced his intent to shoot at the psychic, but since she
is no longer a target, the sniper does not have to keep
shooting at an impossible target — the future diverges to a
different possibility due to the psychic's interference.

eee Clear Vision: Few precognitives progress this
far in their ability to see the future. With Clear Vision, the
psychic can accurately predict the most probable one. The
player rolls Perception + Awareness (difficulty 8). The
future as seen is likely to happen but can be changed by the
actions of the precog. The character can elect to see her own
future, the future of the immediate surroundings or the future
of a person or object touched. The distance into the future

Three

Four

Five

perceived is:

Successes Time span

One The next 12 hours

Two The next day

Three The next week

Four The next month

Five The next year

Six+ One additional year per success

Obviously, giving concrete information about the fu-
ture can be difficult for the Storyteller. Instead of giving
vague information about the story, it may work better if the
precog's player instead gains some additional chances to
reroll tasks — one reroll for the story for each success scored
onthe Precognition roll. This represents the psychic foresee-

eh sj
Aoogeeh tee
Wea ha feels

1


ing the future and preparing appropriately. Naturally, this
power is usable only once per story.

PSYCHIC HEALING

The trauma room echoed with shouting. A seven-car pileup
on the expressway proved an inevitable law of physics. Cars
versus people: People lose. In the midst of the chaos, Sanitary
Engineer Irma Perez, invisible in her tan uniform, wiped the brow
of a crying six-year-old. "Sera toda la adecuada, pequeqa
muchacha." She looked around and, since nobody was paying
attention, laid her hand on the girl's brow and prayed to the
Blessed Virgin. The girl's raspy breathing eased. "Vayaadormir."
The little girl smiled and fell into a healing sleep. County
General's ER had a remarkable recovery rate, though only one
person knew the reason why.

Psychic healers are a rare breed, even among the gifted.
The ability to heal is both a blessing and a curse. These powers
can become a problem for the psychic, though, as she becomes
a target to people seeking her miraculous aid or becomes hunted
by the medical establishment for practicing medicine without
alicense. Still, psychic healing does accomplish incredible feats;
with contact, the psychic banishes pain and directs the body to
speed its natural recovery or even to fight off infections or
diseases with intelligent direction.

Many psychics with this talent have a great deal of
medical skill, though rarely via formal training. Most also
have a strong empathy with other humans anda tendency to
feel the pain and suffering of others.

Should the player botch while the psychic heals some-
one, the character may heal the wound improperly (fusing
bones out of alignment, requiring that they be re-broken) or
may inadvertently transfer the injury or disease to himself.
The victim might even suffer a worse condition brought on
by the psychic misdirecting the body's healing properties
and causing cancerous or poisonous results.

Roll: Perception + Empathy

© Diagnosis: Though unable to heal at this talent,
psychics with this power possess the ability to instantly
diagnose disease and injury ina person. This ability to sense
what is wrong does not give him the ability to cure the
problem, but it does allow psychics with medical training
(formal or otherwise) to suggest the most efficient cures. A
psychic healer without medical training finds it difficult to
explain to doctors what the problem is; for instance, he
might see AIDS as "the body does not want to fight the
sickness anymore." Roll Perception + Empathy (difficulty
6). The number of successes determines the accuracy of the
diagnosis. If the psychic has medical training, the player may
add any Diagnosis successes to the dice pool of a subsequent
Medical roll.

¢¢ A Good Night's Sleep: The psychic has the ability
to accelerate the body's natural healing processes with a
touch. This takes approximately a minute, and the psychic
generally lays hands on the subject, "aligning chakras" or
simply massaging the injured area. At the end of the minute,

CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHEN@ITIENA

cA
Cy

ol}


ei

Se

any

'
t

id

the player rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7). If the
player succeeds, the subject is considered to be treated by a
"highly skilled physician (4 + dots in Medicine)" for the
purposes of healing times. (see page 247, Mage Revised). If
the player scores more than 3 successes, the subject also
recovers a point of Willpower.

© Basic Healing: The psychic's ability to knit wounds
and cure disease has expanded. The healer can heal bashing
damage and cure simple diseases or poisonings (Level Three
toxins or less, see page 248, Mage Revised). Roll Perception
+ Medicine (difficulty 7). Each success cures one level of
bashing damage. Every two successes reduce the effects of a
toxin by one level. It takes a turn per wound level for the
healing to take effect.

¢ eee Triage: At this level, the psychic can knit broken
bones, close serious wounds and cure potent diseases. Roll
Perception + Medicine (difficulty 7) and spend 1 point of
Willpower. This is spent before the roll. Each success heals
one lethal wound level or reduces any disease or poison of
toxin rating 4 or less by one level. This takes 10 minutes per
wound level; such recovery is noticeably swift and unusual,
though in the case of a seriously injured patient, it might
simply stabilize a critical wound and prevent death.

eeeee Psychic Surgery: The psychic empathically
reaches his hands into the body of a person, allowing him to
remove cancers or infections from the body. The psychic can
cure diseases up to toxin rating 6. Roll Perception + Medi-
cine (difficulty 8). The process takes 10 minutes times the
toxin rating of the disease. The healer can also use this talent
to harm as well as heal. This power cannot be used in combat
as it takes too long, but the psychic can reach into a healthy
body and remove healthy tissue. Roll Perception + Medicine
(difficulty 7). Each success causes a level of unsoakable
aggravated damage. The psychic simply places his hands
against the subject's flesh and concentrates; in some cases,
blood may well out of the flesh or the psychic's fingers may
appear to dig into the body itself. At the end, the psychic is
typically left with a handful of bloody tissue.

PSYCHIC INVISIBILITY

"Let me get this straight, Fred, and remember that we have
it all on tape. This guy, dressed in a ski mask and trench coat,
walks in, goes right past the security desk, comes back with over
10,000 dollars in company property, sticks you the finger and
walks out the door, and you didn't see a thing?"

"I swear to God, chief. I didn't see him."

"Right, Fred. Come on. What's your partner's name? Give
him up, and things will go easier for you."

"I don't know him. I didn't see anyone that night. I swear."

Psychic Invisibility could be considered a form of mass
hypnosis. The psychic broadcasts to everyone nearby the
simple subconscious command "don't notice me." This ef-
fect does not apply to electronic or other recording media,
though people in the area but observing through electronic
means (likea TV cameraman looking through the viewfinder

(ais eae

aS

<a
Pim,

of the camera or someone wearing night-vision goggles) will
not see the invisible psychic.

This isnot true invisibility. Ifan invisible psychic stands
in front of something, people in the area will not be able to
see what is behind the psychic. Those who expect to see
something in a specific area but discover that they can't
might start to notice that something is wrong — or their
minds may give up completely and change their attention to
a different subject!

Animals, whose minds work on a different level than
humans, are unaffected by the invisibility effect unless the
character also has Animal Psychics. Beings with heightened
perceptions actively searching for the psychic may attempt
a contested roll to perceive the psychic with their talents.

Typically, the player's roll for this talent determines the
strength of the concealment. With only one success, the
character is still noticeable but people tend to avert their
eyes or have trouble focusing on him. With three or more
successes, the psychic is completely unnoticed by most
onlookers. Note that Mind Shields do protect against this
very specific form of mental control.

Roll: Wits + Stealth

© Hide: The psychic's "don'tnotice me" broadcast keeps
him from being seen so long as he remains completely still.
Under normal circumstances, no roll is required. However,
if someone is searching the area where the psychic is hiding,
he rolls Perception + Stealth (difficulty 6). If he succeeds
and the target has no special senses, the psychic remains
invisible. If the psychic moves, speaks or does anything to
give away his position, the effect is broken.

© © Slow Movement: The psychic hasenough control ofhis
growing talent to attempt to move while maintaining the
invisibility effect. Maintaining the effect counts as an action in
terms of splitting dice pools (see page 215, Mage Revised). He
also cannot do things that would draw attention to him without
losing the effects of the power. The psychic could walk across a
room, but he couldn't punch someone. The act of interacting
with the rest of the world cancels the effect. To avoid the notice
of people searching the area, the psychic's player rolls a con-
tested roll Wits + Stealth (difficulty 6) versus the targets'
Perception + Alertness (difficulty 6). Ties go in favor of the
invisible psychic. If the targets accumulate more successes than
the psychic's player, they know vaguely where the psychic is by
noticing the absence of perception in that area ("something's
funny in that corner"), but they still cannot directly see the
psychic.

ee Invisibility: At this level, the psychic's ability to
walk about unnoticed is such that he can walk around and
behave normally. He can even perform actions that would
normally draw attention to him. The only limitation to the
power is that he cannot vanish from view while being
observed. However, he could create some sort of distraction
that would draw another's eyes away momentarily, giving
him that split second needed to vanish. People with mun-
dane perceptions searching for the invisible psychic must

i Pi
eeeteg Mh tate
fy kee fae


mts

roll Perception + Alertness (difficulty 9), opposed by a Wits
+ Stealth (difficulty 6) roll on behalf of the psychic. Those
with supernatural perceptions (the Auxpex Discipline, the
Heightened Senses Gift, etc.) can attempt to use them,
though the power is again resisted by a Wits + Stealth
(difficulty 8) roll.

¢ © © ¢ Selective Invisibility: The psychicnow hasenough
control of his talent to allow select others to see him while
invisible. The character is invisible as in the previous level
of the power. However, if the player succeeds on a Wits +
Empathy roll (difficulty 7), the psychic can selectively allow
‘one person per success rolled to perceive him while the rest
of the world ignores his presence.

@ ee Forget You Ever Saw Me: The psychic's talent
for going unnoticed is powerful enough to not only "vanish"
while in plain sight, but those who did see him forget the
psychic was there in the first place. The psychic rolls Wits +
Stealth (difficulty 7) opposed by the highest Perception +
Alertness (difficulty 7) total in the group. A tie goes to the
observers, who continue to see the psychic. If the psychic
scores a single net success, he vanishes from view. (This
should certainly unnerve the observers.) If he scores 3 or
more successes, he vanishes from view, and people who had
seen him forget his presence for one previous turn for every
two successes scored, in effect losing track of the psychic's
location completely.

Example: Bruce is surprised by a security guard while
exploring a secure Magadon complex. He immediately attempts
to disappear and scores 4 net successes on his opposed roll with the
guard. Since this was more than 3 net successes, he not only
vanishes from sight but the guard forgets the past two turns of
Bruce's presence. Since Bruce had just met him, the guard forgets
the whole encounter.

PsYCHIC V AIMIPIRISITI

Carol sat in the staff meeting, counting the seconds as they
crawled by. She looked down at her coffee cup despondently. Nothing
‘was left in the mug. She bit down a yawn, let the air hiss through her
nose and hoped nobody else noticed. Looking around the table, she felt
a brief surge of satisfaction knowing that everyone else looked as bad
asshefelt. Maybe it's one of those bugs that goes around the office
and hits everyone, she thought. Everyone except for Tommy, the
"efficiency expert" who clicked the remote control and went to the
next page of his interminable presentation. He smiled a plastic smile
and continued. God, thought Carol, it's like he sucks the life right
out of you.

Most psychic talents are tools. They can be used for the
benefit of others or to harm, depending on the moral char-
acter of the psychic. Psychic vampirism is the exception to
the rule. Whether the talent shapes the psychic or the
psychic shapes the talent is the subject of many a late-night
discussion among the gifted, but psychic vampirism tends to
bring out the worst in people. In addition to the debilitating
effects it has on the target, it produces a euphoria in the
psychic, a mental rush that nothing else compares to. The

Caled

GUTN Seed OTL tathg AIA

,

Pes

i) id
ar / ee

" ee
psychic literally drains away emotion from his victims, or in
some cases, actual living energies, converting them into
energy for himself. The psychic vampire often becomes
addicted to the sensation —feelinga rush from the draw and
desiring the extra energy, vibrance and emotion granted.

Roll: Manipulation + Empathy

Rush: The psychic vampire feeds off strong emotion.
The emotions can be positive (joy, happiness, love) or
negative (fear, hatred, greed), though the vampire tends to
find it easier to generate negative emotions. The vampire
rolls Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 6) to "feed" off the
emotions. This provides no concrete benefit to the vampire,
though it provides a rush of power. Depending on the Nature
of the character, this may allow him to recover lost Will-
power, though it is recommended that the player score at
least 3 successes on the roll for that to occur. The psychic
must be close to the target (within 10 yards) and able tosense
her to feed. The target may feel unsettled by the process, as
the effect tends to mute her emotions. However, it does not
remove the emotion itself and could not be used, for in-
stance, to calm down an angry person. The vampire can use
thisability to monitor the emotions of the subject, though he
doesn't have an accurate gauge of the subject's emotions
until he starts the drain.

© Sapping the Will: The drain effect sharpens here. The
vampire's leeching of life energy saps the will of the target while
invigorating his own will. The psychic rolls Manipulation +
Empathy (difficulty is the target's current Willpower), and the
target rolls a reflexive Willpower roll (difficulty 6). If the
psychic succeeds, he drains one point of temporary Willpower
from the target and adds it to his own store of temporary
Willpower. The extra Willpower can exceed the psychic's
normal maximum Willpower (up to 10 total temporary Will-
power). While the character has more than normal Willpower,
he feels invigorated, akin to a drug high. The excess Willpower
fades at one point per hour. This talent can be used at a range
of up to 10 yards.

eee Energy Transference: The vampire's ability to
leech life energy now allows him to invigorate himself and to
heal minor injuries with stolen life force. This requires the
vampire to touch the subject for a turn. The psychic's player
then rolls Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty 7). Each
success causes a level of bashing damage to the target and
heals a level of bashing damage that the psychic has taken.
If the psychic is fully healed when this occurs, each bashing
level absorbed restores 2 points of Willpower. The subject
does get a soak roll, and soaked levels of damage do not
benefit the psychic.

eeee Life Leech: This dangerous talent allows the
psychic to leech away vital life energies from the target,
healing any damage the psychic may have taken and giving
an emotional high without compare. The psychic must
maintain physical contact with the target for one turn per
damage level absorbed and then rolls Manipulation + Empa-
thy (difficulty 8). Each success does one level of lethal
damage to the subject. This will heal one level of damage

CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHEN@ITIENA 103

4! Pr
YES faba ¥Ph

ae

5
"J
}

wh
awe

‘
hy Tl
t ‘]
Lei oad
me


iS
a

gq
ws,
ES

sz

Wane

104

SORCERER

‘ry daivng
s i ates »

ORT 9 Te

VAMTTIPIRES VS, V AITIPIRES
Psychic vampires find actual vampires (the blood-
sucking creatures of the night) tasty treats. The strong
motions and hungers of the vampire provide a sharp,

almost hallucinatory experience. The difficulty to use
any Psychic Vampirism effect on an actual vampire is
reduced by two. However, vampires are a'dangerous
form of prey, and only the most powerful (or foolish)
psychic vampires hunt the blood-drinkers. Many vam-
pires have their own supernatural awareness and won't
hesitate to feed very literally on someone who assaults
them psychically.

(bashing or lethal) or turn one level of aggravated damage
into lethal damage. If the character is fully healed when he
leeches life energy, each damage level absorbed provides the
character with 3 points of Willpower.

eeeee Emotional Vortex: The psychic's ability to
absorb energy has progressed to the point where he can affect
multiple targets at once. The psychic must have used one of
the lesser powers (ora form of Empathy or Telepathy) on the
target once to make the link to the target's emotional
template. After that, the psychic can use the Level One or
Level Two powers on the target at will. The range at which
the psychic can drain the target depends on number of
successes the player scores on the power roll (see below).

Successes Range

One Line of sight

Two A one block radius, and the psychic does
not have to see the target

Three In the immediate neighborhood

Four Anywhere in the city

Five Anywhere in the county

PSYCH@KINESIS

Danny ran into the house, tears streaming down his cheeks.
His mother stooped over and scooped up her child. "What's the
matter, honey?"

"The other kids hate me," he wailed.

"They don't hate you," she replied soothingly.

"Yes they do! They say I don't play X-men the way they do."

"Oh, now that's just silly. It's okay, sweetie." Danny's
mother continued to soothe her crying son. Danny just didn't
understand why they wanted to move the super-hero toys with
their hands. How was Archangel supposed to fly if you were
holding him?

Psychokineses (also called "telekinesis") is a powerful
and potent psychic ability. The ability to move things
without touching them has endless possible uses. Though
few psychokinetics possess the strength to do more than
manipulate small objects, a skilled psychic can remotely
exert terrific force or delicately perform various operations.

pil
than tel


Fey | eee, a

(Unskilled psychics, like those with certain Flaws, may not
be so lucky...).

If she has sufficient strength to lift a living creature, the
target can (if it's aware of the psychic's intent to lift it) hold
onto something sturdy to anchor itselfand then roll Strength
versus mental strength. If the target has nothing to grab, it
cannot resist.

A psychokinetic must be able to see the object she
wishes to manipulate and must use a modicum of concentra-
tion to manipulate an object. However, she can split her
attention and lift multiple objects, so long as she dedicates
an action for each object lifted (see multiple-action penal-
ties on page 215 of Mage Revised). The total weight lifted
cannot exceed the psychic's usual lifting capacity.

If the psychokinetic attempts to wrest an object from
someone's grasp, make a contested roll pitting psychokinetic
Strength versus the target's physical Strength (difficulty 6).
On a tie, both hold onto the object but neither has control
enough to wrest it away from the other. If the psychic
attempts to manipulate the object ina specific way, use Wits
for purposes of accuracy or fine manipulation. Thus, a
psychokinetic who remotely fires a gun uses Wits + Empathy
to pick up and manipulate the gun, then Wits + Firearms to
fire it.

Roll: Wits + Empathy

© The psychic hasan effective mental Strength of 0. She
can lift only a few pounds. She can move the object 5 + Wits
yards/round.

°° The psychic's mental Strength is now 1, and she can
move the object at a velocity of 7+ Wits yards/round.

°° The psychic has a mental Strength of 2, and she can
move objects at a velocity of 9 + Wits yards/round

eee The psychic's mental Strength is 3, and she can
move a levitated object at 11 + Wits yards/round. At this level,
the psychic can levitate herself, regardless of weight. Due to the
concentration required to fly in this fashion, she may only move
at walking speed (7 yards/round).

e¢eee The psychic has a mental Strength of 4 and can
move objects at 13 + Wits yards/round. At this level, she also
gains a free "extra" object that she can move without
splitting her concentration.

PSYCH@IMETRY

Ashley picked up the case file and flipped through the pages.
Ariel Handler, age 8. Missing since July 17th of last year. Jacket
found three days later, wadded up in a nearby field. In the box at
her feet was the jacket, sealed in a plastic bag. Ashley pulled more
than a few strings to borrow the case file and the jacket from the
evidence locker. Mrs. Handler's church was picking up the tab,
since a single mother working two waitress jobs couldn' t afford the
psychic. The case file told her what she already knew. No leads.
No suspects. No real hope. Ashley looked down at the jacket in
the evidence bag. This was the part of her gift she hated. She
opened the bag and rubbed her hands on the fabric. The images
flowed into her.

Le | veh)
a iy a We janis A
ae j

—s

vy. — =

Sobbing, Ashley put the jacket back into the bag. Atleast she
had a face. And the man with that face was going to pay.

Psychometry is the ability to pick up psychic residue lefton
objects, places or people. Things exposed to strong emotional
signatures hold flashes of information that a psychometric can
"tead" by touch. Particularly strong or violent emotions, like
murder, may even cause sympathetic reactions in the psychic—
a feeling of rage, dread or other emotion imposed by the
incredibly strong psychic Resonance.

When using Psychometry, the player's successes indi-
cate the level of detail achieved. With many successes, a
character will have longer, more vivid impressions and
emotions. Ona botch, a psychic may become lost in adream-
like reverie or even become overwhelmed by emotional
Resonance, suffering injury or temporarily losing her person-
ality and repeating the actions surrounding the object or
place touched.

Roll: Perception + Empathy

¢ The character gets vague, dreamlike impressions of
recent activities involving the object or more distant activi-
ties that involved strong emotions. In many cases, the
reading gives just the feelings involved with the incident,
instead of actual imagery. When imagery does appear (gen-
erally with 3 or more successes), it is figurative and dreamlike.

¢¢ In addition to the previous information gathered,
the psychic gets an accurate mental image of the person most
closely associated with the object.

¢© The psychic receives impressions of the strongest
emotional incident involving that object. With 3 successes,
she receives a dreamlike image of the incident, including the
number of people involved and a description of the area. If
concentrating on the object's owner, she can determine the
person's approximate age, emotional state, hints of person-
ality, and exactly what the individual felt at the time.

eee The psychic can clearly visualize the event in
question, as well as gathering general impressions of what
happened to the object' s owner during the day the incident
occurred. As an alternative, the psychic can simply replay
the past day of the object, even if there were no strong
emotional events concerning the object that day.

¢eeee In addition to a clear picture of the event, the
psychic receives clear emotional impressions of the other people
at the event, and gains insight into what they were feeling. She
receives clear images of the people present. She also can use the
object as a psychic link to owner, allowing her to gain a general
impression of where the owner is currently.

PSYCH®PORTATION

Jack smirked as he looked at the display case. A hundred and
one sensors, sound detectors and more lasers than the new Star
Wars movie. "It's impossible to get into the case," the security
consultant said. "The royal jewelry of Pharaoh Khufu is safe," he
said. Jack smashed the glass with a hammer. The alarm noises
would have deafened him, except for the earplugs he wore. He
reached in, grabbed the headpiece of the Staff of Khufu and

CHAPTER FIVE: PSYCHIC PHEN@ITENA 105
uns orgy
40 a Sabnthen!

WTS Ld


FSP) | ei

a,

vanished. The security company was going to have a hard time
explaining this one.

Note: Psychoportation is an extremely potent psychic
power. While there are certainly examples of teleporting
psychics in fiction, it may be more suited toa cinematic game
over a more low-key World of Darkness horror game. Story-
tellers should consider all of the implications of having a
teleporting character in the troupe before allowing this
power into their games.

Psychoportation is the ability to teleport oneself and
one's immediate possessions over short distances without
physically crossing the intervening space. The psychic sim-
ply "disappears" from one place and "reappears" in another.
Whether the psychic disassembles and reassembles, warps
space, travels astrally or finds some other form of motion,
nobody knows — but here one moment, gone the next, the
psychic can often leap without a care for the laws of physics.

The teleporter can carry himself and a small amount of
personal possessions. No psychic has yet been able to jump
with more than about 100 pounds of carried material —
those trying to carry more tend to suffer some sort of psychic
feedback (as a general rule, inflict six levels of bashing
damage and go from there).

A botch during teleportation means that the psychic
has landed inside a solid object. This does 8 dice of aggra-
vated damage to the psychic and the object he accidentally
teleported into. Alternately, the psychic may poof away into
amore dangerous location, somewhere completely unknown
or even without his clothes!

Roll: Perception + Alertness

© Short Hop: The teleporter can teleport 12 + Intelli-
gence yards in a turn. He must be able to see (with his own
eyes or mystical senses) the destination.

© Simple Jump: The psychic's range for teleportation
increases to 20 + (3 x Intelligence) yards.

ee Long Jump: The teleporter can "jump" 40 + (6 x
Intelligence) yards in a turn. He can double this distance by
spending the previous turn concentrating and succeeding on
a Perception + Meditation roll, difficulty 7.

eeee Very Long Jump: The teleporter's range has
increased to 80 + (12 x Intelligence) yards. He can double
this distance by spending the previous turn in concentra-
tion, as described previously.

¢¢¢¢¢ Blind Jump: Though the jumper's distance does
not increase at this level, he no longer needs to see the
destination. He can teleport to a place he's familiar with. To
memorize a location, the teleporter spends one scene in the
place, and the player expends a point of Willpower. The
location must be a stationary one. One cannot memorize a
location in moving train, for instance.

PYR@KINESIS

The young man sat in the cold room. He looked at the wall-
length mirror, knowing there were people on the other side of it.

Fe 8 ee

ut cS\.

Watching. Waiting. "Screw you. I ain't doin' squat for you until
I see a lawyer."

A tiny voice answered him. "You don't get a lawyer. You
don't get your mommy. You don't get anything." The voice
paused. "Not until we get what we want, ‘Zippo.' The block, if
you please." The temperature in the room dropped again, to echo
the point,

Zippo scowled. "Fine." He snapped his fingers, and a spark
jumped between them. Over on the other side of the room, a
wooden block started to smolder. The spark he always felt when
something burned danced in his stomach, and he forgot about the
cold and imprisonment. He smiled for the first time since they had
brought him in.

On the other side of the mirror, a man spoke into a cellular
phone. "Yes, he'll be perfect. With the right controller, that is.
Tell Marsh to start the ball rolling on this one."

Pyrokinesis is, quite simply, the ability to start fires with
one's mind. The talent may well be an extension of psy-
chokinesis—some ability to finely accelerate huge masses of
molecules — or perhaps some sort of energy-transfer power.
The pyrokinetic simply concentrates, and the temperature
goes up... and up... and up... until the object melts or bursts
into flames.

Pyrokinetics are not immune to their own flames and
burn as easily as anyone else. Botches with Pyrokinesis tend
to be singularly spectacular, as the psychic self-immolates or
sends flame shooting wildly about.

Roll: Manipulation + Meditation

* Matches: The psychic can produce tiny sparks of
flame, generally only enough to light highly flammable items
(paper, dry wood, gasoline, etc.). These sparks of flame tend
to come from the psychic's fingers, though some pyros create
the sparks in different manners. The sparks light anything
the psychic could physically reach, though the psychic does
not have to actually touch the flammable material. The
sparks are not hot enough to seriously burn people, though
having a spark of flame appear can startle people. If a
pyrokinetic wishes to startle someone with a spark, the
player rolls Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) to fling the
sparks at the target. The target must be in hand-to-hand
combat range. This effect can be dodged by a Dexterity +
Dodge (difficulty 6) roll. If the pyro hits the target, the
target's player rolls Willpower (difficulty 6) or else the
victim loses his next action from the surprise. The target can
spend a Willpower point to avoid this reflexive aversion to
being burned.

ee Ignite: By concentrating, the pyrokinetic causes
flammable materials to burst into flame. The psychic can
affect anything within a short range (less than 10 yards),
though some materials are easier to ignite than others. The
difficulty is:

4 Very easily lit materials (paper, gasoline, vampires)
6 Flammable objects that normally require minor
assistance to light (wood, charcoal)

ay
ji tke?


_ —an

8 Objects that do burn with the aid of accelerents
(clothing)

9 Materials that do burn, eventually (people)

Once ignited, items continue to burn naturally. The fire
created is as big as a torch, though it could easily spread with
the proper materials around. See page 249 of Mage Revised
for fire damage and the difficulty of soaking fires. If the
psychic tries to light a person on fire, the target may dodge
the effect by rolling Dexterity + Dodge (difficulty 6).

¢ © Fireworks: The pyrokinetic's control of flames has
expanded. Now he can create small bursts of flame out of
thin air. Psychic researchers believe that these bursts are
made up of super-excited air molecules. Tiny amounts of the
air molecules become plasma, which will ignite just about
anything that can burn, and create bonfire-sized fires. The
psychic can create these plasma bursts at a range up to
Willpower x 10 yards away. To create the plasma, roll
Manipulation + Meditation (difficulty 8). Targets roll Dex-
terity + Dodge (difficulty 7) to dodge the fire bursts. The
bursts do two health levels of aggravated damage per turn
(difficulty 8 to soak, for those with some sort of supernatural
resilience). To extinguish himself, the target must first roll
Willpower (difficulty 5) to avoid panic and then Dexterity
+ Athletics (difficulty 5) to put himself out. Highly-trained
operatives or supernatural creatures can usually avoid pan-
icking automatically (barring a fear of fire — Rétschreck, for
instance), at the Storyteller's discretion.

eee Pyrotechnics: At this level, the pyrokinetic can
not only generate fire, but can control the path and shape of
the fire. The difficulty depends on the size of the flame (4 for
a torch, 6 for a bonfire, 8 for an inferno), modified by the
complexity of the action attempted (0 to shift the direction,
+1 to create gaps in the fire or to spread an existing fire, +3
to diminish the flames). Roll Manipulation + Meditation.
This can also be used to create shapes in the flames (difficulty
5 for simple forms, up to 9 for very complex shapes).

eeeee Inferno: The pyrokinetic has immense and
exacting control over all forms of flame. He can create large
fires at a distance. The fires appear up to Willpower x 15
yards away. The player rolls Manipulation + Meditation
(difficulty 8). With one success he creates a small fire in the
target area. With two successes, the fire is the size of a
bonfire, and with three successes, the fire fills up a large
room. Everything in the area must soak the damage. People
on the edge of the effect can dive out of the fire. Roll
Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6) to escape the flames. The
fire starts out as hot asa "Bunsen Burner" (see page XX, Mage
Revised), though every additional success after the third
increases the heat of the fire by one category. The Inferno
spreads rapidly, consuming as much as it can before being
extinguished.

SYNERGY

The four people sat in a circle on comfortable pillows. The
blondwoman inhaled deeply and slowly exhaled. "Okay, let's do
this." The four took each other's hands and followed the woman's

Nay Wee YES fay)
: 1 yee

- — — | i
example. In the center of the four rested an unlit candle. "One,"
she whispered. To her right, she felt her brother's will surge, and
the candle flickered into life. "Two." Across from her, the burly
man levitated the candle. It started to flutter with his unpracticed
mental grasp, but her husband felt the candle slip and caught it
with his mind. "Three," she continued. They combined their
wills. The four started to rise off the floor. The candle remained
in place as the four slowly circled it. Then, as gently as they
started, they lowered to the ground. The blond woman smiled.
"We did it." Her husband replied, "That was fantastic."

One of the rarest psychic abilities is the talent of psychic
Synergy. Two or more psychics combine their abilities,
giving the combined psychic gestalt more power than the
psychics using their talents individually. The synergist can
link together twice as many psychics ina mental metaconcert
as he has dots in Synergy. The combined psychics must be
touching each other to form the link.

Successes on a Synergy roll determine how many addi-
tional people may be linked in a psychic task. Botches tend
to cause psychic feedback — headaches, capillary bursting
and the like. Sometimes psychic powers may activate uncon-
trollably in such situations (imagine a reflexive blast of
Pyrokinesis as the psychic's subconscious defends against a
botched Synergy!).

Roll: Perception + Awareness

* Psychic Sense: The psychic has the ability to sense
other psychics. This sense triggers automatically when the
psychic touches another psychic, or she can concentrate and
use it to sense other psychics in her line of sight. Roll
Perception + Awareness (difficulty 6). With more than 3
successes, the psychic also has a sense of the strength of the
psychic and the natural of his powers. This does not detect
mages with the Mind Sphere or other supernatural creatures
who possess mental powers.

© Share Will: At this level, the psychic can form basic
psychic links. By acting together, a group can use any psychic
power of any participant. The player with the Synergy
psychic character rolls the other psychic ability as normal.
However, the other members of the gestalt can each spend
a point of their Willpower to boost the effectiveness of the
talent. The gestalt can only generate one shared effect at a
time. If the gestalt is using some sensory power (Telepathy,
Clairvoyance, etc.), the entire group receives the results of
the power.

© © © Group Effect: The psychic network has grown such
that, in addition to sharing Willpower, they can more
effectively combine their wills, so that when the effect is
rolled, the highest Attribute and Ability are used, even if the
contributing member lacks the power itself. Additionally, as
before, each member can contribute a point of Willpower to
add extra successes.

Example: Bruce (who has Precognition 2, Perception 3 and
Awareness 2), Deirdre (who has Telepathy 3, Perception 2 and
Awareness 3) and Andrew (who has Synergy 4, Perception 4 and
Awareness 2) combine their abilities to use Bruce's precognitive

CHAPTER FIVE PSYCHIC PHENGITENA

ae so
Lg REA
‘ #4

\
x


abilities. The group will use Bruce's Precognition, Deirdre's Aware-
ness and Andrew's Perception. One of the group rolls the 7 dice, and
each of them may contribute Willpower for extra successes.

@ @@ ¢ Share Powers: The psychic gestalt now allows the
group mind to use multiple powers at once. Each member of
the group can donate any two of the following to the effects:
A power, an Attribute and Ability. Each member of the
group can spend one point of Willpower for an extra success,
though they can only spend one point of Willpower a round.

Example: Andrew (from the previous example, who also has
Meditation 4) is traveling with Michael (who has Meditation 3
and Mind Shields 4) and Mira (who has Psychokinesis 3 and Wits
4). They are attacked by a vampire who attempts to entrance the
group. Andrew forms the gestalt. Michael donates his Mind
Shields to the group. Mira donates her Psychokinesis ability and
her Wits. Andrew adds his Meditation to the group. Now all of
them have the Mind Shields of 4 protecting them and can resist the
vampire with a Wits + Meditation pool of 8 dice.

eeeee Power Gestalt: Not only may the group use
multiple powers at once, they can combine powers. Each
member combines powers as before, but they can now
combine two or more powers into a single, shared power. For
example, a clairvoyant and telepath could conjoin their
powers, allowing them to view a person by clairvoyance and
read the subject's mind at the same time.

TELEPATHY

Hanzo sat in the bar, sipping his drink. He wasn't too
handsome or too well dressed. He didn't have a lot of money,
either. The guys from work always wondered what his secret was.
He sat at the bar for a while, looking over the noisy happy-hour
crowd. Eventually, he'd get up and start talking to some beautiful
woman. He knew what to say to make her laugh or how to cheer
her up. The guys called him "the magic man" because once he
started talking, the woman always went home with him.

"It's simple," he once confided in a friend. "You have to
know what she wants and give it to her. Same as sales. I sell to the
people who are going to buy and leave the window shoppers to the
other guys."

"But how do you know?" asked his friend.

Hanzo just smiled and said, "Call it a knack."

In simplest form, Telepathy is the ability to read minds.
The telepath must be able to sense the target to read the
target's mind. The power is rarely so simple as reading text
from a book, though —rather, a telepath senses impressions
and, with experience, learns to pick out subtexts, streams of
consciousness, motives and eventually the sort of inner
monologue or impulse that often drives a subject.

Some skilled telepaths can not only read minds, but can
plant suggestions or speak with a "mental voice" in the mind
of a target.

Successes scored on Telepathy generally determine the
duration and accuracy. With one success, a psychic might
grab a few words or impressions that relate in some way to an
interesting topic. With three successes, the character can

CT ae ee

y meg | ———

A

easily read a good several turns of useful information, and at
five or more successes, the character could cast about for
specific thoughts or memories. The difficulty typically equals
the subject's Willpower, and Mind Shields offer defense, as
one might expect. A victim can generally spend a point of
Willpower to resist a telepathic compulsion.

Roll: Intelligence + Empathy

© Atthis level the telegraph can feel basic emotions and
sense the current mood of the target. The telepath may be
able to send a simple impulse or rudimentary thought to the
target. A target could be induced to twitch or make a simple
or habitual gesture.

© The character can now read the surface thoughts of
people, generally what they're thinking about at that mo-
ment. The telepath can project a single word or simple idea
to a person or cause the subject to make one short motion.

©The character can read recent memories or plans for
the near future from people's minds. At this level, the telepath

ELEPATHIC CONTROL,
PR@IECTION AND SENSING

For most World of Darkness games, Telepathy's
powers may seem too broadly applicable. In such a case,
the Storyteller should divide the power into multiple
categories and have psychics buy each category sepa-
rately. The power is simply listed as a unified one for
convenience. In practice, it's often best to divide Telepa-
thy up as follows...

Telepathic Sensing: The basic ability to sense emo-

or thoughts. (Youcould split this between Empathic
and Telepathic Sensing, if you like, to divide senses of
emotions versus senses of thoughts.)

Telepathic Projection: The power to send ideas,
emotions or thoughts into another person's mind. (You
could also split this between Empathic and Telepathic
Projection, if you like.)

Telepathic Control: Directly taking control of a
subject's mind and forcing him to perform an action. (You
could split this into Telepathic Control, allowing the
character to dominate a victim's physical actions, versus
Sensory Control, allowing the psychic to totally falsify the

ory input of the victim.)

Note thatforsome games, youmight want toallowsome
of these powers, but not all. Experiment with combinations!

or instance, you might decide in your chronicle that charac-
ters simply take Telepathy as one power, and receive the
abilitiesof Telepathic Sensingand Telepathic Projection, but
that there is no Telepathic Control. Or you might have a
game with Telepathic Control as a separate power and,
"Telepathic Sensing as well, but no Telepathic Projection'
ability. Youcanalso havesome fun by allowingsome sorcerer

study variant Paths based on this: a Path of Command, for
instance, that duplicates Telepathic Control. Customize to
your heart's content.

Ll ¢
rey MEG ty.
eat uy i

= Ba es Ce i ay

SF


AAT TE

ek all

can send full sentences, strong, complex emotions or even
streams of memory; with enough successes, a telepath might be
able to implant false memory. The subject might be forced to
believe false input from his senses or caused to take one unusual
action in a turn (like dropping a weapon or ducking for cover
instead of running away).

eee The character can read deep thoughts and distant
future plans. The amount of information he gets depends on the
number of successes. Similarly, the psychic can send several

sentences of information, implant memories, coverupamemory
oreven temporarily seize control of the subject's body fora turn.

@ eee The character can discover the deepest secrets of
people, even things unknown to the target or repressed by him.
So long as the telepath can somehow sense the target, he can
send his thoughts with complete clarity. With enough suc-
cesses, the telepath can seize control of the victim, completely
dominating his senses or his physical actions, rewriting memo-
ries, altering personality and the like.

PSYCHIC BRGANIZATI@NS

Sy Unlike sorceroussocieties, which oftenstem

gy ~ | J from some mystic impulse or drive to create a

ji unified understanding of magical principles,

& psychics rarely gather into groups. Without any

Baw unifying practices, they have little need to share

b ‘A y their techniques — there are few "rituals" that a

; & psychiccould teach or study, few tomesoferudite

Z ) knowledge and few scientists or financiers who

BAZ /BAG would bother. Asa result, psychic organizations

often lack the signature tools, styles or hierar-

chies of sorcerous groups. Rather, they tend to focus upon a

specific psychic phenomenon, asmall group ofacquaintances or
asingle authority figure who promotes study.

THE FRIENDS OF F@STER

State magician Randy "The Fabulous" Fosteris well known
for his sideline habit: debunking sideshow psychics and expos-
ing frauds. A select group know him as something else, a friend
to the real psychics. Seven years ago, Foster went to Lafayette,
LA to investigate claims of a young boy, Richard Herbert
(pronounced "hey-bare") who could see the future. The boy
seemed troubled and withdrawn, but his powersappeared to pass
the standard tests Foster used to expose charlatans. He was on
the verge of giving the boy's parents the $250,000 check he
carried for the first "real" psychic he met. Then he discovered
the boy's parents were not just pushing him to use his gift more
than he was physically able to, but that they abused Richard
when he "let them down."

Foster went to the police and made sure the parents were
put away for a long time. He adopted Richard, and the two of
them began looking for more real psychics, ones in trouble.
Ones they could help. In the years that followed, Randy and
Richard have put together an "Underground Railroad" for
psychics in trouble. Randy has publicly given up his search for
teal psychics, claiming he had spent enough time with frauds
and con men and wanted to get back into show business.
Richard now appears in the act as Randy's assistant. The two of
them do an excellent mind-reading act. It is an act, as Randy
wants to protect Richard from people would exploit his gift.

INSIGHT INVESTITIENTS

Insight Investments is a fast-growing investment house
in Chicago. Investors seeking higher risk and higher reward

aye

in the stock market flock to Insight. The Wall Street Journal
once referred to their ability to pay high-yield stocks "as
something akin to magic." President Chase Nixon keeps the
article framed on his desk. People would be surprised at how
close to the truth the article is. Nixon possesses pre cognitive
abilities, which he uses on the stock market. After encoun-
tering Jacob Anderson, a clairvoyant investor, the two
decided to pool their powers and resources to make even
more money together. The firm's success came to the atten-
tion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which led
to it adopting a policy of losing money every once in awhile
just to lower its profile. The firm still makes obscene amounts
of profits. Anderson now spends his time recruiting new
psychic talents for the firm instead of acquiring insider
information. A brush with the IRS convinced the firm to
scale back its illegal activities, though it still occasionally
bends the rules. There are no laws against seeing the future,
after all. There are now six "gifted* members of Insight.

THE ITIARSH INSTITUTE

Telepath and financier Howard Jennings Marsh made
his millions in real estate in the 1920s. A competitor of his
(and precognitive) William Jefferson Smith came to him in
1928 with dire news. He had foreseen the impending stock
market crash and needed assistance moving his millions into
protected stocks. The two pooled their powers as well as their
mundane talents. As time progressed, other psychics who
used their powers to further their economic and political
goals joined the cabal. After Marsh's death in 1959, his (also-
psychic) heirs established the Marsh Institute, a conservative
think-tank. Officially, the Institute is a research organiza-
tion dedicated to studying social, medical and economic
problems and marketing the results to Congress, the news
media and key policy advisors. In truth, the Institute's
research offerings serve the interests of "the cabal," the aging
group of psychics who use the Institute to further their needs.
The medical branch of the Marsh Institute, in addition to
searching for cures for cancer, searches for other psychics.
They recruit the psychics to work for the cabal, doing its dirty
work. Psychic agents of the Marsh Institute receive large
paychecks, incredible benefits and the protection of a pow-
erful patron. Agents also tend to be incredibly loyal, either
out of greed, blackmail or outright psychic coercion.

FIVE PSYCHIC PHEN@MENA 109
gir

at

ra 4
Cadac! Heal

ve

I

Sy 4

i ‘}
t.
ie

aS,

on A

ia

Pe |

fy

Cy

bs

pees

ar

how

aly >,



PR Te Te TR

a
=,
=

THE SORCER®US CHRONICLE

Running an all-sorcerer chronicle is a little
different than your average World of Darkness
chronicle. Most notable is the fact that the
power level is much lower. The ability to
vanish into thin air or make people do what-
ever you say is no longer ubiquitous, nor even
reasonably available. Sorcerers work hard for
what powers they do have, and their powers
tend to be much less earth shattering than
those of vampires, werewolves and mages.

This requires something of a change in perspective on
the Storyteller's part. Even if you're accustomed to running
World of Darkness games, you'll want to put some thought
into your first Sorcerer game. Your Storyteller characters
shouldn't be as powerful as they would be in a regular Mage
game. Your plots shouldn't require access to high-level
magical abilities in order to be solved. You'll need to focus on

hig ry

the human much more — on the use of Talents, Skills,
Knowledges, Backgrounds and player abilities to solve things,
rather than Spheres and Disciplines.

Making your Storyteller characters less powerful takes
more than the erasure of a few dots ona sheet. You may wish
to use more humans and not-quite-humans as foils for the
cabal, rather than ancient vampires and archmages. On a
simplistic level, you can substitute kinfolk for werebeasts,
acolytes and other sorcerers for mages, ghouls for vampires
and humans with changeling blood (called kinain) for actual
changelings. Or perhaps not — maybe your group would fit
in with some fledgling vampires who aren't yet more human
than human or some changelings who've just recognized
their potential.

You may find that personal plots take more of a front
seat, and epic plots become occasional high points rather
than the focus of things. The power level has been ratcheted

111

CHAPTER Six: ST@RYTELLING
¢
Jy

sy

mba ‘


down a notch or two, but this isn't a bad thing. The World
of Darkness can be made once again amazing and new to
players who may have become jaded to its wonders. You have
the chance to reveal things slowly, to make even the lowliest
newly Awakened mage a wonder to behold. The trick is in
the revelation: Nevershow everything at once. When women
used to wear only the longest of skirts, the briefest glimpse of
an ankle was considered incredibly sexy. Conceal the won-
ders of your world similarly, occasionally showing an ankle,
and they will become correspondingly amazing.

THE CHARACTERS

You should consider what sort of characters you wish to
work with. Are your players' characters a group of random
sorcerers who've come together through chance and circum-
stance? Are they a cabal that has worked together for years?
Are they a mentor and her students? Talk with your players.
Any of these may be made to work, but they require different
approaches. Random sorcerers need outside reasons to work
together — does the plot force them together? Do some of
them have background ties to each other, perhaps childhood
friendships or mutual acquaintances? Will their styles of
magic clash and cause a problem, or can they draw interest-
ing personal conflict from their differences? If they're a single
cabal, they need to agree on a magical style, and there's
probably a heavy overlap in magical skills. If they are a
mentor and her students, then one player is going to play top
dog — is it someone who can handle that without irritating
other players? How will the other players handle being the
lessers to another player's character?

One of the merits of a Sorcerer chronicle can be the
inherently lower power level. You might take advantage of
this to allow a player to play the not-quite-human he's been
wanting to play —after all, a ghoul, acolyte or kinfolk won't
benearly so out-of-place in the power games now. You might
even allow a purely human character without any sorcery at
all to be played (although he should have some useful
abilities to allow him to keep up). A Sorcerer chronicle
allows you to explore the less powerful and, thus, less power-
centric creatures that populate the World of Darkness.

Try to draw on the specific characteristics of Sorcerer
for your chronicle, those things that make it special: the slow
search for knowledge; the sheer mystery, magic and enchant-
mentof the World of Darkness; the sorcerer's unique vantage
point smack in the middle of the food-chain. Allow your

chronicle to be a true Sorcerer chronicle, not just another
World of Darkness run.

THE ITle@d @F SORCERY

The mood of a Sorcerer chronicle may feel like any-
thing you want it to feel like. Some of the moods you may
find yourself returning to over and over, however, are terror
and excitement. Excitement is the mood often engendered
by the search for knowledge and the discovery of magic. Fear

be

cere
een | ty ql
ot
<ul ( gS

fare. bah ike

and horror emerge when the sorcerer discovers the other
things that live in the shadows of the World of Darkness or
perhaps finds his own powers growing beyond what he
expected.

Remember to alter the mood of your chronicle some-
times. Unrelenting horror is tiresome and loses its effect after
awhile. The same is true of unrelenting angst or unrelenting
anything. Even the darkest tragedies have moments of beauty
and characters that make jokes. By bringing in a moment of
an "opposite" mood, you make the prevailing one seem all
the stronger, and you make it more effective.

You might choose a new mood for each story, or you
might change the mood depending on the scene. You might
decide "tonight's game is going to be horrific," or you might
say, "this story is all about loss and sadness." It's often a good
idea to consider the mood before the night of roleplaying
begins, so that you can be consistent about it. It also helps
you to think of ways to increase the mood. Most of the things
you do to hold a mood should happen in game, but there are
afew out-of-game things you can do. If you've chosen horror,
you might decide to light the room you're playing in by
candlelight to keep it dark and throw shadows on the walls.
Ifsadness, you might keep the score from a sad movie playing
quietly in the background.

If you aren't sure how to hold a certain mood, pick a
movie that exemplifies that mood, and watch it. Examine
where in the horror movie you feel fear, and figure out why.
Note which scenes in the sad movie make you tear up, and
again, figure out why. Then use that. You can do the same
thing with books, television and anything else that causes
you to feel a distinct emotion. Different things affect people
differently; make lists of the tricks that movies and books use
and slip them one-by-one into your games until you find the
‘ones that work on your players. Then try something else —
if you overuse a trick, it may lose its effectiveness.

Astrong mood is what gets players' hearts pumping and makes
their hands sweat. It's what grips them and causes an entire night of
roleplaying to go by in the blink ofan eye. A strong mood can make
the difference between a fun story and one that captivates your

players and makes them clamor for more.

THEME

Mood is often a part of theme, buta themes larger than just
amood. A theme is usually captured in a few words, a phrase or
a sentence. It might be "love at the cost of life" or "conflict
destroys happiness." If you're having trouble grasping the con-
cept of a theme, then think of it as "the moral of the story" —
except that it doesn't have to be a shiny-happy moralistic
message. You might concentrate on a single theme for a story,
or you might weave themes together just as you might allow
various plots to go on side by side. Certainly, a chronicle or story
does not have to have a theme; some are just damn good stories
with no message. And sometimes your players won'tnotice your
themes. This is just fine; don't get tempted to hit them over the

wrt

ees

head with the message. Themes are still useful to you, whether
ornot your players notice them. They help you to come up with
new types of plots. They help you to relate plots to each other
in unusual ways. They help you to keep a handle on mood and
tone. And they also help you to teach the characters, to help
them grow as "people."

Dangerous knowledge is one strong Sorcerer theme.
Sorcerers, by their nature, seek knowledge — it's exceed-
ingly rare to find a sorcerer whose ability is entirely thrust
upon him and who has no desire whatsoever to develop it.
But magical knowledge may be dangerous. The cabal may
learn a new ritual, only to find that this ritual's power comes
from a dark entity that wants something from the characters.
Or in their desire for new and greater power, they may
deliberately contact some foul creature. Or someone who
seems genuinely helpful, perhaps an older sorcerer, turns out
to be leading them down the wrong path.

Self-discovery is another major theme in Sorcerer.
Sorcerers may believe they study magic alone, but they may
also learna great deal about themselves along the way. When
someone threatens the people they care about, they may
discover they have the stuff of heroes, or they may discover
that they are cowards who would rather save their own skins.
You might set up a story in which each sorcerer, through his
magic, is lead to realize something important which he did
not know about himself. When the ritual a sorcerer learns
requires her to do something she finds repugnant, she may
discover the strength of will to do it anyway — or the
strength of will to say no. A ritual may require a sorcerer to
face his greatest fear and overcome it.

Protection of the innocent is a possible theme. Sorcer-
ers aren't particularly powerful at low levels, but they're
much more than normal mortals. They may choose to
protect those mortals around them. Do they protect people
physically? Do they protect innocence itself — trying to
keep mortals unaware of the dangers that lie around them?
Do they protect humans from the supernatural or from other
humans? Do they protect people from the simple ravages of
life and luck? If they're protecting humans from each other,
then how do they decide who is in the right? If they protect
people from the bad parts of life, then what do they do when
their actions indirectly cause someone else harm? And if
they're trying to make everyone happy, they should swiftly
realize that they don't have the time or energy to help
everyone. With a little subtlety, you could lead your party
down that path by having people ask them for help now and
then, until they find that's all they spend their time doing.
How do they choose which people they should help and
which they shouldn't?

The danger and the value of religion are both valid
themes and may even be mixed in the same story. Religious
zealots are dangerous and may do terrible things with the best
of intentions. And yet, other religious zealots may truly help
people. How do you choose? How do you determine which

tale §

religions and their followers are dangerous and which are
not? Especially when the good and the bad follow the same
god? Religion and sorcerous magic are, in some ways, similar
topics—you mightuse this theme to show the sorcerers that,
in a certain way, they are zealots as well, following their own
personal religion.

Revenge is another theme. Someone wants revenge
against a person who hurt her, and a sorcerer is forced to
decide to protect the offender. Why? The offender is a nice
man and didn't intend to hurt anyone. Bring up this plot at
the same time that the sorcerer seeks revenge against some-
one who hurt him, who did not do so intentionally, and let
the sorcerer see the parallels.

Curiosity and meddling make up another common set of
Sorcerer themes. Most sorcerers are by nature curious folks,
or they wouldn't have gotten mixed up in all of this magical
stuff. Let their curiosity involve them in all sorts of plots.
There are innumerable variations on the curiosity theme.
Curiosity is dangerous; curiosity leads to adventure and
excitement; meddling can get people killed; if you don't
meddle, then you're as guilty as the criminals you didn't stop
from murdering someone; and so on.

There are other themes to play with as well: the touch
of magic; the vastness of the universe; the results of peer
pressure (for good or ill); conflict with others, conflict with
the self, conflict with authority (and so on); the feeling of
belonging; recruitment; responsibility; etc. I'm sure you can
come up with many more.

There is one thing you should think about, however,
with each theme you entertain. No matter what the theme,
you are teaching your characters a lesson. If they learn that
lesson, will they still be viable characters? If you put a
character through a harrowing experience designed to show
him that meddling in other people's business can be deadly,
then you may end up with a character so traumatized that
he'll never meddle again. This can be a problem if one of the
ways your characters get into plots is by meddling. Now, you
and your players may decide thatan experience is interesting
or entertaining enough for a character to go through that it's
worth removing the character from the game and bringing in
anew one. But this is still something that you must consider,
and it may well be something you should clear with the
player first. After all, you're in this to have fun —and so are
your players.

A FEW CHARACTERS

The types of characters that may appear in a Sorcerer
chronicle, as players' characters or as Storyteller characters,
are many and varied. As with other games, almost any
character concept may be made to work with a little effort.

Before the first session of your chronicle, you should sit
down with your players. If they haven't already found a way
tolink their characters together and if you haven'tdone it for

CHAPTER Six: STORYTELLING 113

Sp Mien Ca tabi!

pt

1 aoe i


them (by specifying, for example, that they must all be
members of the same cabal), then you need to make sure that
the characters will work together. It's frustrating when the
characters discover partway into the chronicle that they
really have no reason to be hanging out together.

To a certain extent, you can solve this by Storyteller
fiat. Point out that it's a game and that you're all here to have
fun. You're not asking them to do things their characters
wouldn't do, but you are asking them to slant their actions.
This simply means that when they have a choice between
actions (or non-actions), where one action allows them to
involve the others and another doesn't, and neither action
particularly violates their character concepts, they take the
one that will involve the group. For example, if they have a
choice between taking the others with them to meet with
someone and going off alone, if they have no strong reason
why they should go alone, then they take the others.

You shouldn't rely on this too heavily though, or even-
tually, you will ask someone to do something his character
just wouldn't do, and some players havea hard time with that
(why come up with a character, after all, if you aren't going
to stick to it?). So, you need to talk to the players ahead of
time and make sure that their characters have reason to work
together. Did someone's mentor tell him to show someone
else around and treat him as one of the cabal? Was one cabal
member a good friend of yet another member in childhood,
so that now they can renew that friendship? Does the plot
itself force the party together, by insuring that they all need
to be involved in order to solve it? Do multiple members of
the cabal have common interests that will bring them
together? Or perhaps personalities that will mesh well?

If you do this and you still run into problems, you can
solve some of them in-game. This is where themes come in
handy. If someone refuses to share information with the
others and always keeps it to himself, then play with a theme
in which the lack of information dissemination becomes
clearly bad. In other words, teach him a lesson. Worst case,
if that doesn't work, you may need to speak to the player. If
you had the talk ahead of time about how the characters need
to work together, then the player can't claim that he didn't
know it would be a problem.

This isn't to say that all conflict between players' char-
acters is bad. Indeed, it can make for very interesting plots
sometimes. But you need a cohesive enough group to be able
to run a game for them.

Here are some rough suggestions for Sorcerer charac-
ters, enough for you to get a handle on, with notes about how
they might be played with to encourage cohesive play. They
may be used as Storyteller characters or as the basis for
players' characters. They are not meant to be whole-cloth
characters, ready to go from the box, but they will hopefully
provide you with plenty of ideas. Some should be relatively
obvious; hopefully others will be more surprising. After all,
sorcerers can be anything.

THE SEEKER OF FORBIDDEN KNOWLEDGE

This sorcerer has a thirst for knowledge that cannot be
slaked. She wasn't satisfied with hours of copying arcane
symbols under the tutelage of her mentor. Her mentor said
she'd learn more later, that she needed patience, but she had
none to spare. Whenever her mentor went out of town, she'd
sneak into his library and read the really old books, the ones
with tattered leather covers and writing that looked suspi-
ciously crusty and reddish-brown. When she supposedly
went on vacation with her family, she really took trips to
archaeological digs in arcane places or to secret libraries
she'd discovered the location of.

Most of her magic is low level, but she has one or two
Path ratings that would surprise her mentor if he knew of
them. She keeps her studies secret from him, and he's enough
of an academic, with sight only for studies and collegiate
discourse, that it never occurs to him that she might have
gone beyond his curriculum.

She's learned some shadier magic, probably involving
the summoning and binding of spirits. After all, isn't that the
quick way to get new knowledge — to find spirits to impart
it to you? Too bad it's also the quick way to get hurt or killed.
Some day her quest for knowledge will destroy her or maybe
those around her. She may summon something she can't
abjure, awaken and free something long bound and asleep or
go mad at the sheer influx of forbidden knowledge.

Obviously this character is not destined to be long-
lived. She is best suited to a short chronicle or an
end-of-the-world plot — something where the characters
are not expected to live long. She stands a good chance of
getting her compatriots killed as well, which is another
reason to only allow her where the death rate is not expected
to be low. As a Storyteller character, she would make a
fantastic plot device. She might set free an ancient enemy
that the players' characters must put to rest. She might work
with them for a time, only to betray them to gain some
knowledge that she wants. She might use them to uncover
some old tomb or ancient library. She might also be their
competition — they must get to the treasure first, before she
takes it and unleashes its horrors.

‘THE PROTECTOR OF THE INN@CENT

This sorcerer feels an obligation to protect the innocent
and the helpless — normally, this means ordinary mortals
who have no magic with which to combat life's tragedies. He
does everything he can without actually revealing to people
what he can do; secrecy is paramount in his line of work. He
uses his status as a non-supernatural to get close to people, to
find out what troubles them, what their problems are; he's a
good listener after all. In particular, he likes to figure out
when a person's troubles are actually the result of the
supernatural and put a stop to them. He finds the interfer-
ence of the supernatural in the lives of mortals a terrible
thing and fights it all the way.

bia sik F
YES teh aye


The innocence of those mortals deserves protecting as
muchas their lives, however, so he does his best to make sure
they never realize what it is that haunts them. He uses his
status as a learned member of the community, perhaps a
teacher or scientist, to debunk their fears of witches and
ghosts, while going behind the citizens backs to stop those
same witches and ghosts.

This character can make for fantastic fun —he could be
pulled into almost any plotas longs the safety or innocence
of a mortal was at stake. Under the influence of other
characters, he might even be convinced to widen the scope
of his concerns. As a "learned member of the community,"
he would have useful skills other than his magic, which is
always important to a well-rounded character, This kind of
character is often a loner, however, so he would need to be
tied in well with the other characters — are they his cabal?
Do they all work as a team? He might work well with a
member of the police who is aware of the supernatural or
with other academics that believe it is their duty to do more
than watch and learn. He might also work well with a group
of his students, whom he instructs in both magic and the art
of caring about their fellow man.

He wouldn't make nearly as good a Storyteller charac-
ter, unless he was only around fora short time. You probably
don't want your group to have competition for solving their
problems, at least not often. If you made hima mortal instead
ofasorcerer, however, he might find problems for the players
to solve. Or you might turn him into a bit of amadman, who
believes he is helping people but, actually, causes more
problems than he solves.

THE SELP-ITIADE SORCERER

This sorcerer never had a cabal or mentor to explain
things to her. She learned everything the old-fashioned way
— through intuition, study and hard work. Maybe she got
some of her sources from unlikely or even misleading places,
such as New Age bookshops and the local public library, but
somehow, she's distilled some real knowledge out of it all.
Her keen intuition allows her to discern the thread of truth
behind the hyperbole and to make it work for her. Her rituals
are homemade, with symbols taken from pamphlets on home
witchcraft and phrases cobbled together out of Latin-to-
English dictionaries (the grammar is atrocious). But it works.
She always knew there was something out there, that magic
had to be real, and eventually, she proved herself right.

Again, this is another character who is traditionally a
loner, but it's very easy to work her into a group. Give her
what she's always wanted — the chance to learn "real"
magic, from people who won't laugh at her. Perhaps the rest
of the group is a cabal, and they just recruited her pre-game.
Her style may clash with theirs for a while, but she's eager to
learn and hard working, and eventually, she'll fit in. She
certainly never fit in anywhere else, so she's probably a bit
starved for approval and affection, and hopefully, she'll find
both with the cabal.

As a Storyteller character, she could be almost any-
thing: a possible recruit for either side ora student for one of
the players' sorcerers to pick up and then, perhaps, lose when
a powerful enemy kills her. She might follow the cabal and
blackmail them into teaching her. She could, in her despera-
tion to learn, turn to dark magics. Orin her studies, she might
have learned exactly what the cabal needs to know in order
to solve their plot, and they need to convince her to help.

‘THE HELPFUL \W/AITER

This sorcerer knows a few little charms designed to help
people out. He might cure someone's illness or fashion a love
charm for some nice lonely soul. He's never sought to use his
power for personal gain but only to help others in little ways.
He's a waiter at a cheap local restaurant where the lost and
the lonely always seem to hang out; he's good enough to get
a job somewhere better, but there wouldn't be as many
people to help there. Here, he can help in all sorts of little
ways. Sometimes, he slips herbal mixtures into people's food
— the food here is bad enough that the herbs probably
improve the taste.

The trick for this character would be to get him to take
ona wider worldview. He would need some ties to the group,
sohe'd have reason to listen when they tried to convince him
to do something greater with his life. Perhaps they can
convince him that he could do even more good with their
help. Certainly, he has the basic wish to help people, which
can get him into all sorts of plots. Maybe one of his regular
customers has been killed by something, and the other
characters want his help to investigate the murder. She was
a sweet woman who wouldn't have hurt a fly, and he feels a
need to find out who would have done such a thing to her.

He would also make an interesting Storyteller character,
especially if the characters have a tendency to sit around and
chat in restaurants. They might suddenly find little good things
happening for them and, eventually, discover that it's the work
of the lowly waiter who'salwaysso happy to take their orders. He
could be a low-level helper for the characters, always ready to
make a healing potion in their service but unwilling to leave his
beloved customers in order to do more.

THE T@UR GUIDE

She works the tourist stops, showing people the sites for
a fee. Sometimes she runs tours at local universities. During
the summer, she's been known to drive a trolley around the
streets. She watches people and uses her post as a tour guide
as an excuse to go to all sorts of places. She covers up her
agenda by being brash and loud, as obnoxious as the tourists
she guides. Thus, few ever suspect that she's anything other
than the pest she appears to be.

In fact, she isa sorcerer. She uses her job to go into places
and spy, to gather information on people and places. She
ferrets out suspicious activities and passes them on to her
friends, who do something about it. Because she never

CHAPTER Six; STORYTELLING 115

bee ee eee

hos

5 faa a? eet LS i fe if 8) ee ee

+ — Agr Es

'
wy

actually shows up at the confrontation, sabotage or shoot
out, she is never associated with these events.

If the tour guide. is a player's character, she might pass
her information on to other sorcerers — namely the rest of
the group. She might get involved in the action after all, but

o\sGE
Wi

cH in: disguise-or. with her shape changed; 20 ‘thatino one will
\] figi suspect her. As a Storyteller character, she might work for
UY the cabal or for their opponents in one plot or another. Or

N

she might work for a group of hunters, who could gradually
introduce the cabal to some of the other supernaturals in the
bA = World of Darkness. She might even be a mortal, with no
sorcerous abilities whatsoever.

THE CHEMISTRY STUDENT

a This character loved chemistry so much that he con-
vinced one of his professors to hire him fora research project,

é and eventually, he became an accepted part of her research
group. Because of this, he received access to her labs and

b4 equipment. He came inand played with things in his off time

and became quite adept at creating whatever drugs he
wanted to. He started out making recreational drugs — he
found it got him invitations to all of the best campus parties,
especially the private ones — but eventually, he moved on.

KSB) Working from a textbook he found in his professor's desk
choi == (he'd never heard of the author before, but he was sure she
MN wouldn't have the book if it weren't good), he put together
Z | a powder that put him out for a night and a day with visions.

He thought it was just a powerful hallucinogen until some of
the things he'd seen in the vision came true.

Then the professor confronted him about his use of the
book. He thought he'd put it back exactly the way it had
been, but she knew anyway. He thought she was going to fire
him, but instead, she initiated him into her little cabal.
Suddenly, some of the odd comments he'd heard around the
lab made a lot more sense. It turned out that the research
group was into a lot more than simple chemistry — they
worked with magical alchemy.

The entire collegiate research group might make for an
interesting group of characters, but you'd need to find ways
to drag them out of the laboratory. Alternatively, the stu-
dent himself could be made a character. Perhaps the professor
asked him to help the group because one of them asked her
fora hand. Orshe might have noticed that he had an affinity
for some other sort of magic and decided that he needed
someone else to teach him the things that she couldn't.

As a Storyteller character, the student would be quite
versatile — the possibilities are almost endless. What if his
teacher is in search of some dangerous (or at least abusable)
elixir — an anti-aging drug, a drug to put people under her
power or some other such thing? Her student might eventu-
ally feel it necessary to betray her in order to protect people,
or he might be used against her even if he won't betray her.
Alternatively, he could stand steadfastly by his teacher,

116 S@RCERER

hy ‘
ragpual


forcing the cabal to go through an innocent student in order
to stop the professor.

‘THE BARTENDER

The character tends bar in a good part of town, one
where yuppies come to look cool. She almost got fired once
for telling a patron not to use his cell phone in the bar. She
hates her customers, but she learned a long time ago to keep
her mouth shut and smile. She's had to endure all sorts of
sexual advances from people who thought that their money
and their status would make her swoon. Here she learned to
look down on the wealthy and the successful. She sees their
lives as empty and meaningless.

She uses her psychic abilities to help some of the people
her customers have hurt. She listens closely for stories of
layoffs and bad business deals. She uses her charm and her
pretty face to get the beautiful people to tell her all about
their latest triumphs, most of which involve hurting other
people. When helping the yuppies' victims means hurting
the bastards, she's even happier about it. She has some skill

S@RCERERS IN THE \W/ ®RLD OF DARKNESS

at mind-reading, which helps her to divine which business
deals will do the most damage and to find those who most
need her help.

She's basically a nice person, but she's seen too much of
the bad side of the idle rich. She doesn't even see them as
human any more. Asa player's character, she might use the
bar to find problems and plots for the characters to solve. She
can certainly use it to get close to people the cabal needs to
talk to. She might drug people's drinks when necessary,
although that's a dangerous path to take. Of course, a night
job for a character could stand in the way of a number of
plots. Perhaps she takes care of the lunchtime and just post-
work crowd, giving her plenty of time to work with the cabal.

Asa Storyteller character, she could help the characters
to get information they need, only to get killed by a patron
who figures out what she's up to. Her mind-reading abilities
could allow her to warn the cabal of someone who intends to
harm them. She could accidentally learn something through
her mind-reading abilities that someone would kill her for
and might require the protection of the cabal.

Although sorcerers often do not know much
about the mysterious and dangerous things
going on around them, neither do they live in
F) a vacuum. While humans are probably more
likely than other creatures to become sorcer-
ers, simply because they do not have other
63 powers to fall back on, they are not the only
WF} sorcerers out there. Neither are they the only
ones with psychic powers. And while they will
only rarely get a good look at the things they share the World
of Darkness with, it does sometimes happen. Some sorcerers
even work hand-in-hand with other supernaturals.

This section will give you some ideas and guidelines for
dealing with the many waysin which sorcerers and psychics may
interact with the World of Darkness. You might wish to allow
vampires, werewolves or other creatures to use sorcery as well.
You might wish to use such creatures as helpers, antagonists or
plot twists in your Sorcerer chronicle. Or you might allow
sorcerers to fight side-by-side with mages or changelings.

There are advantages and disadvantages to all of these
plans. Hopefully, the information that follows will help you
to choose your path and to make that path work for you.

W/HAT ARE THE STAKES?

What are the stakes in a Sorcerer chronicle? Sorcerers
are not as powerful as the other supernatural creatures that
surround them. You cannot expect to send them directly up
against vampires, werewolves, mages, etc. and have them
survive for very long. To this end, here are a few suggestions.

Le
‘

Laan ea ee

44

Jniby yrs reWee YE yg PT rosibig re teWed 9 \

Combat should not be a commonplace occurrence —
especially combat with supernaturals. Don't send your sor-
cerers up against a whole sept of werewolves if you want to
keep the cabal around for any length of time. If there is
combat, it should usually be against normal humans or
almost-humans. The cabal might occasionally run directly
up against the heavy-duty supernatural, but this should be
limited to brief moments of terror and confusion.

Instead, a cabal of sorcerers needs other ways to solve its
problems, and death should not be the only consequence of
a failed mission. Sorcery is obviously one resource, but you
can't solve every problem with a well-placed ritual. Besides,
it would get boring. Politics are useful, as are other types of
relationships and manipulation. Research is always fun, as
well as investigation of mysteries and puzzles. Sorcerers,
more so than other supernaturals, need to have more in the
way of abilities other than just their sorcery. Younever know
what will prove useful in solving a plot. Try to play to the
characters' (and players') strengths. And if you're accus-
tomed to playing World of Darkness games, just remember
that sorcerers are squishier than the things you're used to
Storytelling about.

Keep IT LOW-KEY

There's another reason to be careful in your use of the
supernatural around sorcerers. One of the major themes of
Sorcerer is the mystery and wonder of the supernatural
world. If your sorcerers learn to categorize and recognize on
sight all the types of vampires, werewolves and mages, then
these creatures lose their wonder.

CHAPTER Six; STORYTELLING
Pi ‘
yy Mb

Be:
4,4 al


be}

"at

Pet >
Sn aS 5—

Bring the big guns in only rarely. Instead, let the
supernaturals manipulate things behind the scenes, giving
only hints to the cabal about what's really going on around
them. Tease the cabal with glimpses of the supernatural
rather than putting it right out in front of them. You might
bring a vampire or a mage in once in a long while for the
climax of a plot, or you might bring in characters that seem
almost normal but are secretly werewolves or changelings,
but don't do it all the time. You might find it necessary to
trim your usual notions of a city's supernatural population —
too many vampires and it becomes difficult to justify why the
cabal never notices them.

If your players are familiar with the workings of the
World of Darkness, then turn it all upside-down. If you want
to do this in small ways then you might alter the way a few
powers work here and there. It will confuse people and help
tocutdown on instances of "oh, that'sa Toreador," when the
characters shouldn't even recognize a vampire in the first
place. If you're serious about confusing the cabal and you
have a little time, you might turn everything upside down.
Vampires never sleep, even if they can't go out in sunlight.
There are only four clans, and there's a third faction along
with the Sabbat and Camarilla. The clan names are unfamil-
iar, and the Disciplines they wield don't match any known
configuration. Or just shuck the entire system of Disciplines
and clans out the window — who says that vampires in your
Sorcerer game have to have any but the most passing
resemblance to vampires in some other game? The sorcerers
are the center of attention here!

You can do similar things with werewolves, perhaps
changing a few details of the tribe structure. Or you could go
so far as to add extra forms they can take or to declare that,
when in lupus, a wolf has trouble remembering anything of
its human life and, thus, may not recognize foes or allies.
Perhaps werewolves really do only change during the full
moon, or maybe the new moon, just to confuse things.

You don't have to color within the lines. If you want to
bring the mystery back into the World of Darkness for
players who've been involved in it for too long, then change
the very world itself.

SORCERY VS...

You'll need to take into account how sorcery and psy-
chic abilities will affect supernaturals. For instance, are
alchemical poisons, tranquilizers and anesthetics effective
against vampires? After all, alchemical substances don't
work the way medications do; they work mystically (espe-
cially for sorcerers with particularly mystical paradigms).
Therefore, they might work against someone whose body no
longer functions in the normal way. But do you want a Level
One Alchemy preparation to be able to sedate a vampire?
This might be too powerful. You could allow the vampire
some sort of resisted roll against the number of successes the
sorcerer achieved on the effect. Perhaps a Willpower roll at

a difficulty of three plus the sorcerer's Path or ability rating
would do. You would then determine the success of the effect
by counting the number of netsuccesses the sorcererachieved.
Instead of a resisted roll, you might simply increase the
sorcerer's difficulty level.

You might choose a different roll, if that seems more
appropriate to you. For example, consider the following.
How do psychic powers and Auspex (the vampiric Disci-
pline that involves use of "psychic" abilities) interact? Can
a psychic block a vampire's attempt to establish telepathic
contact? Instead of using Willpower, you might allow a
vampire with the Auspex Telepathy Discipline to attempt to
block a human telepath directly, or vice versa. The two
characters could make contested rolls — the human psychic
uses his Telepathy roll, and the vampire uses the roll for
Auspex Telepathy: Perception + Empathy. Again, the char-
acter attempting to perform the original action would succeed
or fail based on his net successes.

An alchemical potion of weakness might "counteract"
Potence-born Strength. A preparation that strengthens the
mind or the will might help to counteract Dominate. A
preparation to grant "clear sight" might be used against
Obfuscate. Again, these are things you should decide upon
ahead of time. Just how effective is a sorcerer's work against
a vampire's abilities? In other words, do you want the
supernaturals in your game to be rare, powerful, nigh-un-
stoppable creatures that the cabal has to out-think, or are
you planning on more direct confrontations? If the latter,
you'll want to give your sorcerers an edge.

You might decide that a sorcerer's Paths aren't effective
when used directly against supernaturals until the sorcerer
reaches Level Two, or even Level Three, in the Path he
wishes to use. You could instead increase the difficulty of any
roll involving effects upon supernatural beings. Or you
might go effect by effect, deciding on an individual basis
what sounds reasonable and right. The Path of Shadows
might allow minor insight into the workings of
Obtenebration. Fascination might allow insight into Pres-
ence. (As always, study and research are de rigueur.)

But vampires aren't the only supernaturals sorcerers
stand a chance of encountering. What about the truly dead?
You might decide that only the spiritual may counteract
spirits, and thus, in order for a sorcerer to protect against
wraiths, she must have some understanding of Ephemera. It
isunlikely that abilities such as Telepathy would work on the
dead, but you might allow it anyway. The Path of Fortune
might or might not work on wraiths. Again, you might
require the sorcerer to have a certain rating in the Path, or
you might increase the difficulty of the roll. You might rule
that certain preparations or a mystical Talisman are neces-
sary before sorcery that wasn't designed to operate on wraiths
may do so.

How do Paths and psychic abilities interact with the Gifts
and Rites of werewolves? Garou Rites and Gifts are highly

*
PS plthuy
L

lal


individualized; they don't come in convenient categories the
way vampiric Disciplines do. This will require a higher level of
judgment on the fly. You can still make some decisions ahead of
time, however. First, you might say that the only protection
sorcerers have against Gifts and Rites are Path effects that
obviously and directly counter the effect of a Gift or Rite. For
example, there is a Level Two Gift called Halt the Coward's
Flight that slows the werewolf's opponents as they flee. How-
ever, the whole point of the Path of Conveyance is swift
movement, so you might allow the sorcerer to use it to counter
the effect of the Gift. Again, though, this is just speculative —
your werewolves might not use Gifts at all; see if your players
gather a new respect for them should the werewolves turn out
tobe berserk, slavering monsters hungering to rend the sorcerers
limb from limb, all magic and spirituality be damned!

Or you might use a slightly more fluid way of looking at
things — by area of relevance rather than direct effect. You
might allow a sorcerer to use the Path of Ephemera to
attempt to interfere with a Gift or Rite that has to do with
spirits. This is hardly a perfect solution; it requires much
more judgment on the fly and makes sorcerers more powerful
than they should be. You might, however, allow a sorcerer
witha Path that is related to a Gift or Rite (again, there is the
above example of spirit-related magic) to spend time re-
searching a ritual to counteract said Gift or Rite. The
sorcerer should have a fairly detailed knowledge of the Gift
or Rite, or at least its effects, before she can research a way
to oppose it. You might temper

—
‘ CHAPTER Six: STORYTELLING

' hen nS YE rag ery recog ee rude sp ilies afb

re bk + TN 1 Boal) MES a a of sat A

this ruling by requiring a great deal of research, making the
resulting ritual very difficult, increasing the difficulty of the :
roll or only allowing this when the sorcerer has a high rating .
in the relevant Path.

Mages, by nature, can do anything a sorcerer can do, 4
provided they have the relevant Sphere levels.Someofthem
don't even need all of the ritualistic trappings in order to do
it. Again, specific effects may counter specific effects. If you
wish, as stated before, you might allow sorcerers to research
ways to counteract magical effects that they otherwise have
no protections against. Also again, this requires research,
experience with the effect and/or a high Path rating or a
higher difficulty. It should certainly be more difficult for a
sorcerer to learn to countermagic than it is for a mage to.
After all, Spheres are more flexible than Paths.

mES

The Path of Conveyance and the Sphere of Correspon-
dence might easily be used against one another. The Sphere of
Time could be used to ward against the Path of Fortune.
Alchemy might be used to mimic, undo or counter Matter 7)
effects. Alchemy, Shapechanging and Healing might counter
ormimic Life effects. Entropy and Fortune mightbeusedagainst ©
one another. As always, the sorcerer will have a harder time of
it than the mage will, but she certainly is not powerless.

Changelings —or kithain—are, by nature, trickyand 1S iy
elusive creatures. The effects that they work may be subtle es
and difficult to counter. Sorcery should easily affect the ‘

human shell that the changeling wears. But the changeling

Ne *
a

ge

Sew


herself? That is another matter. An enchanted sorcerer
should be able to work sorcery against changelings and
chimerical creatures that she sees, just as the enchanted may
physically interact with such things. Perhaps a sorcerer must
be enchanted in order to affect the changeling herself. It's
entirely possible that the sorcery of an enchanted person
might take on something of a life of its own, having effects
the sorcerer did not expect. Kithain and the enchanted
might see visual effects accompanying sorcery, at the least.

Sorcery that clears the mind might work against Chica-
nery; perhaps psychic abilities may be used to block the
effects as well. Healing may be used to repair the effects of
Holly Strike upon a person. Use common sense. As always,
you might require a higher difficulty to affect changelings
with sorcery. Changelings are the embodiment of the unex-
pected, however — rules are antithetical to their very
nature. So try to be spontaneous; try to surprise. You might
even roll a die to see if the effect works on the changeling —
even, it does, odd, it doesn't.

S@RCERY AITI@NG
THE SUPERNATURAL

Almost anyone can study sorcery — in theory. After all,
why not? Sorcery is generally a learned skill, and werewolves are
just as capable of study as humans are. Or at least, some of them
must be. What about vampires, who have centuries in which to
study odd things? Surely some of them have picked up the arts
of sorcery. And changelings, who reflect the dreams of man —
many humans dream of mystical power, so why shouldn't that
be reflected in the fair folk? And what about mages? Perhaps
sorcery doesn't seem strictly necessary for them, since Sphere
magic should be able to duplicate any sorcerous effect. But it's
entirely possible that someone who doesn't know any Life magic
somehow picked up some Shapechanging from a sorcerer. Even
some ghosts might well be able to wield the arts of sorcery,
although some ritual items might be difficult for them to obtain
in their state.

What about psychic powers? It probably depends on
how you justify them. If they're odd mystical powers that
some people just happen to have and others don't, then why
shouldn't supernaturals have them? If a psychic is Embraced
bya vampire, is there any good reason why that ability should
die? If he goes through Chrysalis and becomes a changeling,
why should he lose his telepathy?

Actually, there are plenty of potential reasons if you
decide that giving supernaturals psychic abilities would
make them too powerful. Perhaps the shock of the change is
enough to destroy the fragile ability. Maybe the physical
alterations that go with such a change render the psychic
abilities useless. Death is probably the most damaging of
changes with respect to psychic abilities — unless these
abilities are mystical in nature, then they probably died with
the brain.

But that's the point. Whether such creatures are capable of
sorcery or other unusual abilities is entirely up to you as the
Storyteller. The question at hand is not whether it's reasonable
for supernaturals to be able to do sorcery or use psychic powers.
It's whether that's what you want in your game.

THE ITIEASURE ©F POWER

Full supernaturals — Changelings, werewolves, vam-
pires, mages and wraiths — are powerful. They have Arts,
Gifts and Rites, Disciplines, Spheres and Arcanoi. As with
many other things, you should think carefully before allow-
ing them even more power. You might decide to allow them
to use sorcery and such things just like anyone else — after
all, points spent on sorcery aren't spent on Disciplines or
other powers, so hopefully, they'll balance. You might give
them penalties — perhaps sorcery has a higher cost in freebie
and experience points. You could even justify this by saying
that these creatures have other, more innate abilities to
concentrate on, so sorcery doesn't come naturally. Or you
could say that these creatures simply can't learn sorcery —
perhaps it's an inherently mortal and human thing, by
mystical fiat.

If you allow supernaturals to use sorcery or to have
psychic ability, you'll need to think about how sorcery will
interact with a character's other abilities. Can a werewolf use
the Level One Gift Speed of Thought to double his land
speed and then add ina Conveyance effect to boost his speed
even more, or are these abilities entirely separate? May a
wraith use both the Fatalism Arcanos and the Path of
Divination together to get an even more powerful effect
than she could do with either one separately?

There are three basic ways of approaching it. One, Paths
are entirely separate from other supernatural abilities and
may not be used in conjunction with them. This does not
include cases where the effects of magics would interact, as
opposed to the magics themselves. For example, a sorcerer-
mage uses a Conjuration effect (magic) to move a bomb
toward an enemy anda Forces effect (magic) to set it off. This
doesn't involve the effect of one ability directly upon an-
other; it is simply the use of two different abilities, one right
after the other. However, the Speed of Thought Gift and the
Conveyance effect wouldn't allow the werewolf-sorcerer to
go faster than he could go using either the Gift or the Path
alone, because they would need to interact directly.

Two, specific effects may act together to allow the
sorcerer todo things he normally could not do by using either
effect alone. This would allow the example above of the
Speed of Thought Gift and the Conveyance effect to work.

Three, effects may mix in even stranger ways; the
sorcerer isn't limited to the obvious, direct interactions.
Perhaps a sorcerer-mage could work a little Forces magic
while making an alchemical preparation in order to obtain
an explosive substance (or a substance that gives off or
magnifies heat) that he couldn't have made with his level of


Alchemy alone. This is the most permissive of the ways of
handling ability interaction and, as such, involves the most
quick-witted judgment and advance thought. Don't do it
unless you feel very comfortable with your players and very
confident of your ability to keep them in check and make
snap judgments.

HALFWAY THERE

Although the addition of sorcery might make mages,
vampires and werewolves overly powerful, it could make the
perfect finishing touch to a kinfolk, kinain, ghoul, acolyte,
medium or other mortal character. Certainly, it could make
such characters more likely to live through a chronicle in
which other players are playing full vampires, werewolves,
mages or changelings. This is perhaps where sorcery shines
best — when it is in the hands of the less powerful denizens
of the World of Darkness. It can go a long way toward
leveling the playing field.

Asalways, make your decisions based on what is right for
your chronicle. But keep in mind the issues involved, so your

EXCUSES, EXCUSES

What's that, you say? You're going to stack a little
sorcery on top of your already iiber-twinked-out charac-
ter? Well, sure, so long as your Storyteller says it's kosher.
But for the completist Storyteller, there are plenty of ways
out of the bag.

With vampires, werewolves, wraiths and change-
lings, these characters just aren't human. They don't tap
into mystic energy the same way. They have their own.

ower sources: Everything a vampire does is fueled with
blood, forexample. Thus, if they want todo sorcerous-like
effects, they must learn versions that cater to theirstrengths.
Vampires in their game have Thaumaturgy, after all.

As for mages... that's a bit tougher. We know that
Order of Hermes mages often undergo an apprentice-
ship studying sorcery; they don't just mystically "forget"
it when they Awaken. So what gives? Well, you could
rule that, since the Awakening, the Avatar stirs to alll
of the mage's mystical ties. When the mage tugs on

ythic threads (read: uses magic), the Avatar inter-
enes and reshapes the Tapestry. What was once
Sorcery isnow an Effect of the Spheres.

Or maybe not. You could let your mages use sorcery.
Why not? It's not inherently any more potent than
Sphere magic. Sometimes it's even more useful. And
besides, as pointed out before, a mage spending points o
sorcery isn't spending points on Spheres and Arete. It's 4
static path, one that doesn't lead to enlightenment.

So go wild. Put in the stuff you want to use to
flavor your chronicle.

de Gar
Calg yp.
j.l V¥'h

j
Sf

1 Pees ri]

oni Bou A et 7
PAAULS AREAS

decisions will make for a good time for all, rather than
frustration and confusion.

CR@SS@OVER CHRONICLES

Crossover chronicles are tricky things. They can be very
rewarding when done well and very frustrating when done
poorly. It takes a great deal of advance thought and careful
judgment to handle a crossover chronicle, especially when
mortal sorcerers are involved; it isn't recommended for the
new Storyteller.

First of all, sorcerers are usually much more easily
damaged than most other World of Darkness critters. What
endangers a werewolf may destroy asorcerer in seconds; what
terrifies a sorcerer is little more than a flea toa werewolf. This
means that group combats are almost entirely out. It's virtu-
ally impossible to run a combat in which everyone is afraid
for his life and yet everyone has a reasonable chance to come
out of it alive.

Be sure to refer to the earlier section on adjusting the
stakes in a Sorcerer chronicle. You'll need to bring in
hurdles other than combat. Politics, investigation, puzzles,
contests and personal plots are just some of the substitu-
tions you might make. You might also initiate combat
when the group has been split up. Or you might work on
combats in which it's possible for the "weaker" members
of the group to hang back out of the worst of the danger
but still have an impact on things. Long range weapons
and offensive sorcery can be marvelous equalizers, but try
not to let the concept of combat-Sorcery get out of hand.
If your sorcerers are all thinking about which Paths let
them kill things fastest, then they're missing a lot of the
more amazing aspects of playing a sorcerer.

Involve everyone in each other's plots. This is one of the
largest problems ina crossover chronicle. Unless you're working
with very high epic plots in which the group is dragged into
something much larger than they are, you need to make sure
they all have reasons to work with each other. Make sure they
have need of each other's abilities. Give them background ties.
If possible, make sure the characters care about one another.

You might address the issue of relative power mechani-
cally. One way for sorcerers to be useful in a crossover chronicle
is for them to have Skills, Talents, Knowledges and Back-
grounds that are needed for the plot. Make sure that not all of
your plots may be solved by the application of supernatural
ability; take normal abilities into account. Then you could give
sorcerers a few extra freebies to start with, perhaps on the
condition that they be used for non-supernatural resources. If
theirlack ofsupernatural power turns out to bea problem in your
chronicle, fix it one (or both) of two ways: Adjust the ways in
which your plots may be solved, or lower the cost of sorcery and
Numina for sorcerers.

CHAPTER Six; STORYTELLING

a


t You might also insist that any sorcerers in your crossover Crossover chronicles can be wonderful, but you do need to
chronicle be quasi-supernatural. This should give themanextra take the relative power-level of the characters into account
edge, as well as ties among more powerful supernaturals. It also when you plan things. I's more work than you may be used to,
starts them out with more knowledge about some aspect of the _ but it may also be well worth it.

World of Darkness, which may help them to hold their own.

vel. ~GATTEBALANCEAND THE LIMITATIONS @F NUITINA

fF] In which you will be given ways to expand or In the "default" setting, a sorcerer who tries to cause

BY limit sorcery, suggestions for the creation of anything to happen that results in disbelief sees his spell

new Paths, an example of the creationofanew _ fizzle. This keeps the sorcerer human — he may be able to |
Path between player and Storyteller and sug- sway reality to hisside, but he can't make itdo cartwheels the

Fy eestions for keeping players from abusing the way Awakened mages can. Of course, he also doesn't suffer

8 creation of Paths. the Paradox that mages suffer.

is * THE LIMITATIONS @F Te@NING DOWN THE POWER LEVEL
NUTTINA First, let's assume that you want your players' characters

to be less powerful than the average Sorcerer character. You
So you've read the chapters on how sorcery works, and might require a ritual for every single effect. Keep in mind
maybe you have concerns. You think the characters will be that this means sorcerers aren't going to be knocking off
too powerful for the plots you have planned. Or maybe you spells during combat or other such tense situations. Either
wanted to run a high-epic adventure and worry that the _ the characters must be built to handle these without sorcery,
characters won't be powerful enough. Luckily, Sorcerer is or you'll have to resist the urge to send anything too danger-
easy to customize for the power level you desire. Here you ous directly after them.
will find a few suggestions for changes you might make, one
way or the other.

You could introduce a price tag for use of sorcery or
psychic powers. Perhaps psychic powers result in debilitating

i. _ 122 S@RCERER
140oNee,
ha eae Se een
ini, wt

tin | ily a


headaches, especially for anything too strenuous. sorcery
might cost extra Willpower or require both Willpower and
something else in order to cast — magical energy, perhaps.
Maybe the casting of sorcery tires the sorcerer out for the
next few hours. It could also harm the sorcerer in some way.

Or perhaps sorcery causes similar, uncontrollable events
to happen nearby — a sort of synchronicity. As an example,
a sorcerer might start a small fire, and somewhere nearby
another fire might start — in someone's home. Or instead,
a nearby furnace, stove or fireplace would be extinguished.
Summoning a spirit of one kind might cause other spirits —
either similar ones or ones in opposition to the spirit called
—to be drawn to the same area. Enchanting an object might
cause other objects within a mile or two to temporarily take
on similar or opposing effects. If a sorcerer enchants a jacket
to stop bullets, then perhaps a police officer's bulletproof
vest develops a temporary flaw. The use of sorcery would
have echoes and unpredictable consequences.

Sorcery might also leave a distinctive "smell" (or aura or
anything else you wish — a residue of some kind) upon the
sorcerer fora day or three. Thus, other supernaturals may realize
that the sorcerer is more than just an ordinary mortal or has at
least in some way been involved with the supernatural recently.
It may attract the attention of things the sorcerer doesn't want
to deal with —mages, vampires or the Inquisition. Or perhaps
the use of sorcery is very noticeable and irritating to any animals
nearby, who bark repeatedly, scratch or bite people or act even
more strangely (such as a puppy that turns around and around
in its bed without stopping).

Sorcerers and psychics might be preternaturally sensi-
tive to odd things. Perhaps telepaths get dizzy for a day before
an earthquake. One sorcerer's workings might vary in pre-
dictability with the weather — when it's warm and sunny,
his effects are right on track; the closer the weather is to
storm weather, the stranger the results (or vice versa). If a
sorcerer summons a spirit in a place where someone was
murdered, the spirit he summons may be darker than the one
he sought.

There are anumber of traditional costs from movies and
literature for the use of psychic powers. A telepath might
pick up thoughts he didn't intend to listen in on. This can
result in all sorts of unfortunate situations. Someone might
notice and go after the telepath, believing that he knows
something he shouldn't. The telepath might overhear some-
thing out of context and jump to a conclusion that is
incorrect. A telekinetic might try to lift an object, only to
have other objects nearby be affected by his power (they
might move as well or crumple or heat up or be attracted or
repelled by the objects he actually intended to affect).
Someone who opens herself up to impressions from objects
(Psychometry) might pick up pieces of impressions from
other things nearby (the chair that she sits on, the necklace
that she wears) that cloud the issue.

The default setting for sorcerous powers is that disbelief
causes magic to fizzle. Ifa character attempts to throw energy
bolts ina mall during shopping hours, it just won't work. You
might, however, be even more restrictive. Perhaps throwing
energy bolts even in wild areas with no one around for miles
won't work. This is one of those things you should think
carefully about before implementing —does this castrate too
many of the sorcerous Paths? Your players won't be happy if
they base their characters' abilities on what they read of the
Paths, only to find out that half of those abilities won't work.

Mechanically, you might attach a higher experience or
freebie point cost to sorcerous abilities and psychic powers. Or
you could cut the number of starting freebie points, or hand out
experience points at a slower rate. You could make new rituals
very difficult to learn, requiring experienced teachers, large
amounts of research time, a boon from a powerful spirit or other
supernatural or even a quest. This may even bea source of plots,
sending your characters to archaeological digs, spiritual planes
or ancient and forgotten libraries.

You might restrict what a sorcerer can do with each level
ofeach Pathshe has. Forexample, the first level of Shapeshifting
gives a character the ability to change one minor physical
feature of her choice — eye color, skin color, hair length, etc.
You might instead say that it gives the sorcerer the ability to
change only one physical feature, which must be chosen in
advance —say, just eye color. The sorcerer would need to learn
several features, spending an extra experience point or two for
each beyond the first, before she could generalize this to the
normal Level One effect. Beware, however, for this road may
result in an inordinate amount of gameplay being spent on the
learning and acquisition of sorcery, which could get tiresame
aftera while. You could, if you want to, restrict sorcerous ability
at first but allow the characters to become more powerful later;
only follow this route for the Level One abilities of each Path.

You might make the scope of the Paths narrower.
Instead of "the Path of Shapeshifting," you might have "the
Path of Feline Form." At Level One, changing small features
would only work if they were changed in catlike ways —
slitted eyes, for example, of one of the colors found in cats
(primarily yellow, but sometimes blue, green, etc.). (See also
the Telepathy psychic phenomenon, on p. 108, for an
example of making Paths narrower.)

If you decide to make sorcery less powerful, you should
probably choose only one or two of the methods delineated
above. Otherwise, sorcery may become entirely unwieldy.

TTIARING SORCERY ITIORE POWERFUL

Then there are ways to make sorcerers more powerful
instead of less. You might allow more effects to be cast
quickly, without the use of rituals. You might allow rituals to
be cast in advance and then triggered at the correct time.

Perhaps sorcerers push the envelope of reality in your game;
they might be able to slip small impossibilities under reality's nose.

123

baie ee ST@RYTELLING
sa sis Cath


=r

You'll need to decide ahead of time just how far they can push it,
however; this line can be difficult to judge and even more difficult
to explain adequately to players so that they understand what they
can and cannot do. Perhaps nature-related spells work in "natural"
areas, even if they are vulgar. Or perhaps death- and destruction-
related spells work in places where people live without hope.
Device-related sorcery might have the edge in a physics lab or right
after a major science-fiction movie arrives in theaters. In other
words, reality might bea little more flexible as long as the sorcerer's
magic is matched up with his surroundings and the imaginations of
the people around him. Thus, the imaginations of individuals, or at
least small groups of people, has an effect on reality, rather than the
usual default in which reality listens only to the masses as a whole.

Alternatively, you could allow witnessed violations in
places where they don't match the setting, provided the
sorcerer goes through certain preparations or wields acertain
Talisman. Be very careful before you allow this — it is an
extremely powerful thing. You should probably set things up
such that you can remove the means to violate reality from
the game should it ever prove too powerful.

You might expand the scope of the Paths. For instance,
Conjuration might allow some small chance of achieving
Conveyance as well. The problem with this route is that
Paths come to resemble Spheres, and then the uniqueness of
sorcery is lost. Perhaps the best way to implement this might
be something like the following: A sorcerer with knowledge
of Conjuration might be able to attempt feats of Conveyance
at a Path level of three less than his Path level in Conjura-
tion, at a higher-than-normal difficulty. The same might
work between other seemingly related Paths.

You might start with mechanics again. You could reduce
the cost of Paths in either experience or freebie points. You
could award a higher starting pool of freebie points or a greater
number of experience points per session. You could alter the
Path effects themselves so that greater abilities rest at lower
levels. (Perhaps Levels One and Two would become Level One;
Level Three would become Level Two, and so on.)

Rituals might be easier to learn or to develop on one's own.
Perhaps rituals must simply be intuited, rather than researched,
and thus, any ritual that "feels" rightstandsa chance of working.
This sort of play requires a Storyteller who knows her players
well and players who can be trusted. Otherwise, it may be too
easily abused, even unintentionally.

Atany rate, whether you want your sorcerers to be more
or less powerful, you would do well to fine-tune the number
of experience points you hand out as you go along, rather
than following someone else's guidelines. Anything from
one to five points a session can be made to work, depending
on your style of play. Ifcharacters outstrip your plots in power
levels, cut the number of points you hand out. If they
advance too slowly, increase it. You can do the same with all
of the above suggestions.

While you don't want to change the rules all the time —
it tends to confuse players — you can certainly fine tune

Iq sal han

=

ite

things as you go along. If you're into high-epic plots you
could even work the changing effects into the story line.
Something might happen in game to make reality more or
less malleable. Or a supernatural catastrophe might leave
echoes that affect how sorcery works. A justification can be
created for almost anything, and a change that occurs as part
of a plot is likely to be quite memorable. Don't be afraid to
change things if you think it would make the game more fun
for you and your players.

THE CREATION OF
A NEW PATH

The creation ofa new Path is nota small matter. Sorcerers
have a tendency to follow well-documented lines of magic —
hence the name "Paths" — and they do not often strike out
entirely on their own. The creation of a new Path is something
ordinarily done by very experienced sorcerers, after decades of
research (probably finishing up on even more research by their
cabal). Said research is usually followed up with even more years
of experimentation before any real "field work" is permitted.
However, you may occasionally wish to allow your players to
create new Paths, or you may wish to doso yourself. Afterall, it's
just possible that there are interesting magical possibilities not
set forth in this book, and that should hardly keep you from
playing with them.

Ordinarily, you should consider the following guide-
lines when allowing the creation of a new Path:

© The sorcerer must have one Path rating of at least
five before he may design new Paths.

© The initial dot in the newly created path costs 10
experience points; each level thereafter costs (new level x
five).

© The sorcerer must do a great deal of research,
experimentation and practice in order to create a new Path.
It does not just appear full-fledged in his head. The creation
of a Path may well take years of game time before consistent
results may be achieved.

¢ All Pathelements must, obviously, be tied to acertain
theme. This is why there is "the Path of Shapeshifting" instead
of "the Path of Doing Sorcerous Things." First, the sorcerer must
restrict her researches to a common area before she can even
begin to sift through the information out there and make sense
of it. Again, sorcerers have Paths, mages have Spheres—allow
a Path to become too broad and the distinction between
Awakened magic and linear magic is lost.

* — Sorcery is subtle and slow. No new Path will allow a
sorcerer to blow up buildings with a wink and a nod or tum
people into toxic sludge by spraying black paint in their faces.

Obviously, all of this is subject to what you believe is
best. You may, as in the example below, allow someone to
start out with a new Path. You could even allow a character
to develop a Path intuitively rather than by research — at
least at first. The only two rules that you should think very

uo

1

u
OP BERS Shee


carefully before breaking — in fact, that you really shouldn't
break unless you're running a Monty Haul game — are the
last two. The narrow scope and purview of a Path are what
makes it a Path and not a Sphere. The subtlety of a Path is
what makes it sorcery and not Awakened magic. If you take
those away, you might as well play regular Mage and toss out
the sorcery altogether.

If you do not have much experience as a Storyteller or
with Sorcerer or with your players, do not start out by
breaking the rules. Get a feel for the game and what you'll be
unbalancing (or not) before you change things. In particu-
lar, get a feel for your players before you let them do things
for which you may not know all of the ramifications. If you
feel comfortable giving them free rein, that's wonderful. If
you have any reservations, however, consider things care-
fully before allowing your players to create new Paths. If you
have reservations, don't break the above set of rules.

THE ARGUITIENT AT HAND

"It's called the Path of Manifest Nature."

"The what?" Andrew leaned over the living room table
and stared at the scribbled notes.

Steven pointed at the pad of paper. "The Path of—"

"T heard you. What does it mean?"

"Joshua — my character — uses it to bring people's
nature to the surface and affect them physically. It's colored
by his perceptions of them, though. So he can use it to punish
someone who screws him over and reward someone who does
something nice for him."

"Let me guess. He doesn't have enough physical dots to
get back at them that way, and he isn't particularly powerful
in a temporal sense, so..."

"Right!" Steven grinned.

"Why doesn't he just use Hellfire?" Andrew looked skeptical.

"It doesn't let him reward nice people."

"Fortune?"

"St doesn't suit his paradigm. He doesn't see it as some-
thing he does to them — it comes from within."

"Herbalism? You can do some nice physical things to
people with that."

"He thinks Herbalism is for housewives and midwives."

"What about dealing with spirits?"

"He doesn't think they exist."

Andrew sighed. "Okay, okay. I'll let you make the Path
of Manifest Nature. There's a lot of nitty-gritty detail to work
out, though. For instance, what does each level do?"

Steven's face brightened. "I have it all drawn out! See, at
lower levels it just gives little hints; someone who's basically
nice might find that their asthma gets a little better for a short
time. Someone who's an asshole gets hives or something."

"Hives? At lower levels? You've never had hives, have you?"

"Well, no, but—"

t

%,

ae

Vets ey ee | le

| ae a wy
Wee VEC Wig VPA Nabi PPR ae
} K J fy +p ee

"We'll get back to that when we detail the levels. So, at
higher levels it does... what?"

"Uh, well, it lasts longer, for one."

"{ kind of guessed."

"And of course there are bigger effects. Things that
might even affect Attributes or things that take serious
medication or even surgery."

Andrew nodded. "Okay. I can live with that. This isn't
going to be an instant Smite Thy Enemy and Make Thy
Teammates Spiffy Path, you know. Those are bad. Those
unbalance games in big ways."

"Oh, I know! Honestly, it's more of a character thing
than something that's supposed to have a huge effect on plots
or anything."

Andrew actually smiled. "Okay, now we're getting some-
where. Character things, I like. They're less likely to be
abused, too. And since it's you, I know you actually mean it
when you say ‘it's more of a character thing'; I wouldn't let
Evan do this for the life of me. | still want to see the level-by-
level breakdown, though. Convince me."

Steven flipped to the next page of the pad. "Well,
there's Level One. It's for things that last no more than three
or four days, at most. Sometimes, they last only one or two.
Itcould be an easement of allergy symptoms, like sneezing or
runny nose, for good people. Someone nasty might get a rash
on their arm or something. Minor annoyances."

"Got it. That sounds reasonable. Two?"

"Two lasts no more than two weeks. See? It's easy to
remember. Two, two weeks."

"T got it, I got it."

"At two, mild acne might give way to perfectly smooth
skin. Handsgetslight tendonitis pains. And, uh, there'shives...."

"You really haven't had hives, have you? Anything
systemic that requires prescription medication and has the
potential to affect Attributes does not go at Level Two!"

"Attributes? How?"

"You ever seen someone with hives all over their face
and hands?"

"Oh. No. But prescription medication? I mean, it just
itches, right?"

"Itches. Burns. I'd say it makes your skin sting, but that makes
it sound nice. And that's just the start. Antihistamines, corticoster-
oid creams, maybe adrenaline shots if your throat starts to close off
and you're lucky enough to be close to a hospital."

Steven just stared at Andrew.

Andrew continued. "So, Level Three."

"Yeah, three. Duration would be no more than one
month. Arthritis pain eases. And, uh, how about mild hives?
No, listen. I was thinking that at this level you get stuff that
requires prescription medication, but doesn't affect At-
tributes. So you could give someone mild hives thataren'ton
the face and hands."

CHAPTER Six; STORYTELLING 125

Weald
Cy Mae Ca dab
so hig Hog! TR Lal


"Oh, okay. Fine. You can have your hives. What is it
with you and giving people hives anyway? Never mind, I
don't want to know. Level four?"

"Duration no more than six months. Uh, that isn't too
long, is it?"

Andrew looked thoughtful. "I think I see the curve
you're taking, so no, it isn't. Go on."

"Here come things that potentially affect Attributes.
So, systemic hives that show up on the face and hands go
here. Full-blown tendonitis in both arms, because that cuts
Strength and Dexterity. On the good side, intensive clumsi-
ness might give way to grace; birth marks on the face could
fade away."

"[ll think about the tendonitis; | might move that to
Level Five. And if the hives are going to close off someone's
throat and kill them, then it gets moved up to six. The rest
is fine. Next?"

"Level Five has a duration of no more than one year. A
beautiful face might get acne-scarred. Near-sightedness be-
comes 20/20 vision. The sorts of things you might affect by
surgery, perhaps."

"Oh, what I wouldn't give for a little supernatural
LASIK. Less chance of side effects. Go on: six?"

"Six is for permanent effects, sometimes affecting termi-
nal conditions. A morbidly obese man finds his weight
slowly dropping to doctor-prescribed perfection. Someone
gets cancer of the mouth or skin or finds his leukemia
mysteriously cured. Really cool ‘miracles' like that."

"Hmm. Permanent, eh?"

"Uh, five years then?"

Andrew sighed. "No, permanent's reasonable at Level
Six. After all, who's to say Joshua will live long enough to
reach Level Six?" He snickered.

Steven paled. "We're doomed! Again! And the game
hasn't even started yet!"

"You're always doomed. But right now we need to talk
about method."

"I thought about that too!"

"Good. Now tell me your thoughts."

"Well, it seems like he's just facilitating a reaction within
someone else. So I was thinking Empathy would be involved."

Andrew nodded approvingly. "I'd buy that. I'd probably
pair it with Charisma— No, wait. That makes sense for
people you're helping, but not in the case of people you're
harming. So Charisma + Empathy for people you like, and
Manipulation + Empathy for people you hate. When you do
it to get revenge for something you'll have to spend Will-
power, because presumably the reaction isn't happening
with the cooperation of any part of the person. Umm, that
isn't a magical explanation for why, just something that sort
of makes sense to me — it should be harder to do bad things
to someone than to do good things."

"I can live with that. So | was thinking that Joshua does it
by goinghome and doinga tarot spread for the person. Not some
dinky, five-minute, ten-card thing, but this all-out, several-
hour, 35-card thing I found in some book. It involves incense,
meditation, low lighting, cleansing the ritual space, you know
— getting into the mood, the right frame of mind. If anything
happens to disrupt the mood he has to do it all over."

"Ooh, | like that. It has style, and it's easy to screw up."

Steven's eyes widened, but Andrew continued without
even noticing. "So is the spread just a vehicle?"

"Pretty much. See, I gave him a little Divination, so I
think he sort of pairs the Paths. It helps him gain insight into
what the person is like when he sees where the right cards
fall. Then he chooses the cards that fall for the future, cards
he thinks reflect that person's nature and how it would
manifest physically."

Andrew frowned. "Hmm. That's more specific and
detailed than the effects seem to suggest. How about he does
the spread more as a meditation and ritual in and of itself? If
he has enough Divination, he might also be able to figure out
what it means about the person's life, but mostly, it's just a
focus for directing the effect at the person."

Steven sat back for a moment. "Okay, I think that's
close enough to what I wanted. I can see that."

"I don't see him as choosing what effect happens to the
person. I see him sort of as a catalyst for the manifestation of
a person's nature, more like what you described earlier."

"I guess that's a bit less powerful than what I wanted."

"Well, I think it would be too powerful for you to just be
able to do a tarot spread and choose to negate any bad
physical stuff that's happened to your cabal, don't you?"

"Oh. I hadn't thought of it that way."

"So what level of the Path of Manifest Nature does
Joshua start with?"

"Just Level One, for now. | think it's something he
picked up recently."

"How did he learn it?"

"Well, since the effects are so small at Level One and
could possibly go unnoticed, I think he sort of just picked it
up. I think he doesn't even really realize what it is he's doing,
in fact. He just does these tarot spreads for people he likes or
got pissed at to see if they're likely to get what's coming to
them, and wonder of wonders, they do. Maybe he thinks that
just focusing his anger or gratitude could have some effect,
but I'm not sure he realizes what he's doing beyond that."

"That's okay for Level One, but I'd say that, in order to
progress any further, he'll have to get a real teacher. Or he'll
have to do some serious research, at least. But we can worry
about that when he starts to realize what it is he's doing. Okay?"

"Okay. That sounds reasonable."

"Well, that's it for now, I guess." Andrew ripped the
pages of notes out of the notebook, folded them and put them

aie, tl 1
To ae


on top ofa pile of books. "I'll see you on Sunday for the game.
I'll write up the Path as I see it and e-mail it on to you. If I
think of anything else, I'll let you know."

"Okay." Steven, looking mildly crestfallen, grabbed his
coat and headed out onto the porch.

Andrew didn't even notice as he scribbled more notes.
Joshua only had the first level, after all. He didn't have
enough experience with the Path yet to have noticed what
Andrew had planned for it. It was way too black-and-white
to just say that someone was "good" or "bad" and give him a
nice or nasty effect to go with. It would be much more
interesting if the effect was tied in with what the person was
like, on a more complex level. Yeah, that was the ticket. It
would require a little judgment on the fly; he couldn't just
write up in advance what effects would be appropriate for
what sorts of people. But it would be worth the time and
effort. Just wait till Steven figured it out; the revelation
would be fantastic!

It would also restore a little of the spiffiness that Andrew
had taken out of the Path by giving the cabal a chance to get
alittle information about someone based on what happened
after the ritual was performed. But it would do it without
making the Path arbitrarily powerful and without giving the
cabal any totally clear answers. Andrew had always been a
fan of confusion.

RESTRICTING NEW PATHS

The lesson to take away from this example is the
following: The creation of a new Path is a cooperative
venture between player and Storyteller. The Storyteller
should take into account what a player is trying to achieve,
and it helps to ask about the background behind the choices
the player has made. In this way, even if you feel it necessary
to make changes due to power level issues, you may be able
to work some of the perks back into the Path in less destruc-
tive ways.

In some cases, you may be better off telling your players
and working the further details out with them, especially if
they're feeling unhappy because you've had to curtail the
scope of the Path in other ways. In other cases, you may
decide to save the details as a surprise.

You should try to keep the wishes of the players in mind —
after all, they're here to have fun. This shouldn't keep you from
overriding things when necessary, however. You need to keep
the balance of the game in mind. Youneed tomakesure thatone
character doesn't become too powerful just because he created
his own Path. After all —all of your players are here to have fun, f
not just one of them, and you don't want to give one his toyto
the detriment of everyone else. Ask as many questions as you —* |
can: How does the Path work; under what circumstances will
thecharacteruse it? What rituals does the character perform; are
there any fast effects; how has the character used the Path in the
past? Who or where did he learned the Path from; how much
does that person know; what has that person done with the Path
in the past?

cm
= eee

hen

aF

CHAPTER Six: ST@RYTELLING 127

Ooi:
1 wi i

very i

a3


If you're concerned about the viability of a Path, you
might approach a solution on any of several levels. One,
what does the character do to activate the ability? If a Path
seems too powerful, this is one place you might restrict it.
Perhaps rituals take hours to perform or must be performed
in special places that can be hard to gain access to. Or maybe
they require unusual and hard-to-obtain items — the blood
of a vampire, for example, should be a rare, precious and
dangerous thing. Perhaps they depend upon an uncertain
ability — for example, the ritual depends upon absolute
meditation and concentration and, thus, upon an additional
Meditation roll, which has a possibility of failing or botch-
ing. Also, the character might need to learn separate rituals
for multiple effects from the same level of the Path, thus
slowing down the acquisition of power.

Two, what are the effects of the Path at each level? You
might shift effects up the scale if the Path is too powerful at low
levels. It helps to categorize and put qualifiers on the levels. For
example, in the Path of Manifest Nature, the qualifier on Level
Three is "things that require prescription medicine." So any-
thing below Level Three really shouldn't be severe enough to
require prescription medicine (they might be things you would
choose to use prescription medicine for — it just isn't particu-
larly necessary). AtLevel Four, the qualifieris "things thataffect
Attributes." That doesn't limit Level Four to things that affect
Attributes, but it does specify that anything below Level Four
will not affect an Attribute.

The Level Five qualifier is "things that require surgery."
Again, qualifiers do not need to be used to artificially restrict
the number of things you can do ata level. You might cause
an effect at Level Five that doesn't have anything to do with
surgery. However, it does mean that your characters won't be
doing anything like that at lower levels. The qualifier for
Level Six is "terminal conditions." This is an easy way to
keep anyone from trying to slip a cure for leukemia in at
Level Four.

You don't need to use these qualifiers, and you might
easily decide that they're too permissive or too restrictive for
your game. But they're a good example of how you might
restrict the power of a Path without necessarily having to
think of everything a Path is capable of ahead of time. If you
think in categories, you shouldn't have to think of every
individual case. This doesn't mean you shouldn't ask all the
questions, though — nothing heads off problems ahead of
time like a good grilling.

Three, how does the character learn the various levels
of the Path? You might restrict his source. Perhaps his
mentor isn't as powerful as the character thought. Or his
mentor only knows rituals for very specific effects at each
level, and it will require significant research to learn more.
If the player insists on finding ways to abuse the Path during
game play and refuses to stop when youask him to, you might
take away his mentor or his source of research material or at
least curtail it (perhaps a fire destroys several key books).

Four, how narrow is the scope of the Path? If it's too
broad, you might narrow it. The Path of Manifest Nature is
a relatively narrow one. If someone suggests the Path of
Doing Things to People's Bodies (or something like that),
you might want to suggest breaking it down into the Path of
Healing, the Path of Shapechanging and the Path of Sick-
ness and Injury.

Five, is the Path inherently too powerful? No one, but
no one, should be allowed to create the Path of Nuclear
Weaponry unless you intend to blow up the cabal in the first
five minutes of gameplay and start over. Yes, it's a properly
narrow Path, but that just doesn't help in this case. And
there simply isn't a good way to muck with the individual
levels to bring the powers down to size. The Path of Adhe-
sives, on the other hand, with glue sticks at the bottom and
epoxy at the top, would probably be fine, ifa little ridiculous.

Six, will the Path break the mood of your game? Some-
thing like the Path of Adhesives from the previous paragraph
is likely to cause gales of laughter whenever it gets used,
which might well break the tension of any creepy and
frightening plot you have going.

Seven, is the Path necessary? The Path of Adhesives is
not only silly but could be easily taken care of within the
scope of the Path of Alchemy. You'd probably be better off
giving the character the Path of Alchemy and saying that his
tutoring was a little narrow than allowing him to create his
own Path.

But the point is that there are as many ways to muck
with a Path as there are to muck with sorcery and psychic
powers in general. Pur a little thought into the mood, feel
and power level your game should have, and let issues such
as Path creation and game balance flow from that. Hope-
fully, the issues, suggestions and questions above will give
youa place to start from — but they're far from the be-all and
end-all of sorcery. Remember: it's your game, and anything
can happen — if you allow it.

1 l

fanny


SMALL ITMIRACLES

Hedge wizards and minor magicians — condemned to the limited
vers of rigid Paths and subtle phe ona. Witk Awake
powers of rigid Paths and subtle phenomena. Without Awakening,
they cannot grasp the true potential of magic — but they're far from
weaklings. With careful study and strong will, they unlock power
without risk of Paradox. Now that the Reckoning has come, even
sorcerers are needed in the Traditions. Whether wizards, visionaries
or psychics, these crafty humans are more than mere mortals.

GREAT POTENTIAL

Revised and updated, this volume elaborates on the powers of subtle
sorcery in the new Mage Revised Edition line. Here you'll find rules
for the various Paths of study, sorcerous Rituals and the Merits and
Flaws of visionaries, mediums and sensitives. Plus, techno-sorcery,

exceptional science, psychic phenomena, magical heritage and more,
all under one cover at last and suited for those who are a little more
than human but still careful enough to escape the scourge of Paradox.

WWW.WHITE-WOLF.COM

ISBN 1-58846-439-8
Www $17.95 |

|

54,

peeirint DARKNESS
